. Dad and you will be fine, he wants to talk to you about all of it, he’s just distracted with these cases right now.
Sherlock cries out again and tries to push on John. “LEAVE!”
“This is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?" John stays completely still.
“Eh?” Lestrade makes a questioning noise, not sure what the detective means.
, isn’t it?” John knows its inappropriate but he loves when Sherlock gets aggressive with people, it makes his blood run faster. The lady just rolls her eyes and turns to Lestrade.
John runs into the semi-darkness, believing the chase is still on, only to almost barrel directly into Sherlock. He stops just in time, chest to chest with the detective, who looks down, a smirk on his face. The Omega wraps his arms around John’s broad shoulders and bends that slightest bit down to give him a full hug. John stays still, only both of their labored breathing can be felt for a moment, before the Alpha wraps his arms around Sherlock’s tiny waist, pulling him as close as he can. Neither of them hesitate once they’re enveloped in each other, both tilting their heads to the side to scent each other roughly, naturally coming together as Alpha and Omega. Their scents swirl around them in the small space as they get more bold, their hands grasping and kneading at flesh still covered by clothing. John growls out a pleased noise, his Alpha having already been breaking out during the run, the chase making him feel
“No.” John says before giving a bitter filled chuckle, his scent once again wafting around the room, though this time it’s not so dangerous and more sour, turning from burning leaves to rotting wood. “No.” He says again, shaking his head with a strange unpleasant looking smile on his face.
During all this, he adds a fourth finger, knowing that even once he thinks Sherlock is warmed up, he might not actually be ready. His own cock is thick and he’s going to have a hard time fitting in without a little pain even with the prep, at least in the beginning.
If you enjoyed please swing by my twitter, I post what I'm writing and working on, along with how many words I've finished for each story in order to keep anyone who wants updated on my future writing.
“The thought had occurred.” The detective steeples his hands below his nose, a classic thinking pose for him.
“Want…you, John. Want Alpha to…
“No, no. You did good, sooo good. My good Alpha. You treats us both so well, more than I deserve. You couldn’t leave him like that, he would have tried to follow, would have cried and felt rejected if you left.” Sherlock gives John’s nose a small kiss.
“Not any more. So: dead two days. According to one of her staff, Raoul de Santos, she cut her hand on a rusty nail in the garden. Nasty wound. Tetanus bacteria enters the bloodstream… good night Vienna.”
Good!” His grin is wide and crazy looking.
They meet up with a Beta woman who was sharing a flat with Alex, the dead security guard. All three of them check out the man’s bedroom, a tiny attic flat with stargazing posters hung up on the walls.
“Points.” A voice says behind him, making him jump up to find Sherlock standing there, his scarf that John left behind at the house now once again in its proper place around his neck.
“He’s in your room.” Sherlock says with a little shrug.
“Relax, don’t try to move, everything is fine.” Sherlock pets his hair, running his hands through his dark thick curls. “Iris. I’m sorry pup but you’ve gone into your first heat. That’s why you’re so hot. But I’m here, you’re going to be just fine.” Sherlock smiles, doing his best to reassure his son. Iris’s eyes go wide.
A few hours later Lestrade shows up at the flat, looking in on their progress, which hasn’t been as much as they would have liked. John has been gone all afternoon, presumably working on getting more data, though how exactly, the Omegas aren’t sure.
“Come on Alpha. I told you to fill him up, he’s not as full as I am.” Sherlock pouts as if he’s unhappy with his son not getting his fair share of the Alpha’s cum. John knows he always pours out more on the second round, it’s normal for Alpha’s to release more once the Omega has been plugged up, biology and all that.
“This way.” Sherlock says, switching on a flashlight and leading the way into the dark.
John swipes his arm across the table, flinging maps, cups and anything else in his way to the ground before shoving Sherlock’s head down into the surface. Sherlock moans at the act of dominance, can feel the Alpha’s cock between his still cupped cheeks. It presses against his aching rim, sending a jolt of pleasure up his spine and causes a moan to rip from him throat.
There’s a moment where the two stare each other down and Moriarty rubs at John’s shoulder. “Here, take it.” Sherlock relents, holding out the missile plans with one hand but never taking the pistol off of Moriarty.
“Please” They both say together.
“Didn’t do
. God I love you so much.” John grins, ear to ear.
“He murdered his sister for her money.” John says adamantly.
“D’you mind if I get that?” Moriarty says it like a normal guy, as if they’re all just out to lunch and he thinks they might find it rude of him to answer his phone.
The cab stops for less than a minute to let Sherlock pick up a package and they on their way to Scotland Yard. On the way, Sherlock looks through all the information and John continues to look out the window, not looking over for even a second at the package or Sherlock.
John feels some pride as he walks out of the stuffy plain brown office, he’s learning to observe more and it feels good.
Sherlock looks back around the corner and takes off, John following. They rush down the corridor getting to the end, but as they turn the corner they both witness the Golem getting into a black vehicle which speeds away.
“What would you think of me becoming a forensic scientist?” Iris asks, walking up to the tall Alpha.
Sherlock hopes John doesn’t draw the same conclusions as he has. That whoever this bomber is, he knows about Iris and knows what they’ve done together and he’s willing to use that, in some, way against them. For the first time since this has all started, he’s scared.
But the Golem is too much, physically stronger than even the other Alphas that John wrestled with in the military. He is thrown down to the floor, his body thumping roughly against the stage before he’s grabbed up and tossed along the floor. As he goes to get up he hears two shots ring out but when he turns all he sees is Sherlock hitting the ground with his fist. The Golem has gotten away again.
Sherlock walks with him to the cab and they’re off again.
“Seven.” The countdown continues.
.” He bends down and licks over Sherlock’s bruised scent gland, earning him a groan. “I would be a bad Alpha if I mated you while you were in pain, we need to
John drowns out everything regarding Sherlock for the next few hours. After finishing the papers he gets a small bit of breakfast. Iris follows him around the flat like a lost puppy, clearly wanting to comfort him, but not sure how or what he’s allowed. The teen eats toast with John, cleans up the table from the spilled tea and helps him organize the fridge, which has turned into a wreck over the last few days. It’s busy work but it helps the Alpha, giving him something to do instead of sit here uselessly.
Lying to Mycroft goes just about as well as it did with Iris. The other can clearly tell that John is trying to deceive them, but just like the interaction with Iris, he isn’t called out on it. As much as he wants to think about that, he has more pressing matters, like gathering the few new bits and pieces of information that Mycroft will give him.
“So why’s he doing this, then – playing this game with you? D’you think he wants to be caught?” He mimics Lestrade’s words from when they were in his office.
“Hey, Sherlock. How long?” He gets in front of the detective to stop him following Lestrade.
“Yes! All yours...allll yours Ah-Alpha.” Sherlock’s hands are grabbed up and thrust forward above his head, causing him to arch his back, pushing his ass just a little more into the Alpha’s erection.
John admired the Omega; he was going to be a strong leader and whoever got to have him as their mate would have a real challenge on their hands. The Alpha that tried to bed that fiery spirit would have to earn the full trust and confidence of that brilliant mind. John doubted a suitor would be found that Sherlock would agree to for some time and even as he looks over toward the beautiful boy his own Alpha inside is thrilled that the Omega would continue to be unbound. He harbored a small but growing infatuation for the youth, he was certainly more interesting than any Omega John had come across and perhaps it is that very reason that Sherlock’s father wanted him on the council, knew anything else would be a waste of the Omega’s bright mind.
“AH! YES!” Sherlock wails. His curls bouncing as he’s jostled, the smack of skin obscene and wonderful, exactly what the Omega wants.
“You like being exposed like this, sitting in your father’s chair.” Sherlock moans again, this time John is ready for the way the Omega’s hole flutters, his insides baring down on the length inside them. “I know you want to rule, don’t want your brother to sit here, so how about we do something about it. How about I fill you up even more, pump you full of my seed while sitting here in
John can tell Sherlock is getting close and pulls off his spit soaked cock with a pop. The detective’s hips chase the feeling, a high whine in his throat.
On the way back to the flat, sitting beside each other like every other time in a tiny London cab, Sherlock tells John about a suspicious case from when he was a teen. It was the case that got the detective started onto this path, the one that led him to this very moment. A case that he had been unable to solve, due both to his age and the lack of care given to him by the police. John can tell by the way he describes it that the unsolved case still taunts him, is probably the whole reason Sherlock is the way he is. He hasn’t said it, but solving the cases doesn’t seem to be all about escaping boredom, it seems as if he wants a resolution for people, for everyone to walk away from the crime knowing and believing that there is nothing more to find and it’s all been settled. John doesn’t ask if that’s what drives the detective, if he does actually care about the people. It’s not the right moment to ask, what with Sherlock being closed off to him right now.
“What are you doing?” He’s startled out of his weird thoughts when the detective himself walks into the room, blue silk robe hung loosely around his thin frame. John frowns at first, the sight of how skinny his Omega is, his Alpha whimpering that he’s not providing for his mate. John shoves the thoughts away as he looks at the big breakfast he’s made for just that reason.
“How quaint.” The detective says and this time Iris looks up to look at John, analyzing him with the same look that Sherlock often turns on him, when he needs more information.
“This kid will die.
me.” John pulls back on Sherlock’s soft brown locks hard, growling lowly he turns the boy’s face toward him, pressing those plush lips to his own. He nips at the succulent flesh of that perfect cupid’s bow biting into it like a fresh ripe fruit, bursting with flavor and begging to be devoured whole. The Prince’s mouth goes slack under John’s own insistent one, letting the Alpha in to explore the first of the teens two wet holes, giving him a taste of just how warm and inviting the other will be.
“Isn’t he sweet? I can see why you like having him around. But then people do get so sentimental about their pets. Course, you know you’re supposed to neuter them, they can be a little too wild if you don’t.” John tugs on him harshly and Moriarty’s mask drops in a grimace of pain for just a moment. “They’re so touchingly loyal when you don’t wag a better treat in front of their face.” Jim says, turning toward John to say it directly to him. “Opps! You’ve rather shown your hand there.” Moriarty goes back to smiling and John’s face turns to terror when he sees the red dot of a sniper on Sherlock’s forehead.
“Ohhh. What an interesting reaction.” Jim’s voice is high again, faking his enthusiasm, or maybe not. “Oh, Johnny boy didn’t tell you Sherlock, but he had a bit of a run in with one of these Omegas at the clinic. He didn’t take it too well.” Moriarty pouts but then roughly grabs a hold of the collar and spins it around, showing a deep bite mark in the leather. John faces away from them both, head hung in shame. Sherlock’s mouth feels dry, the leather collar must be the same from the clinic, otherwise Jim wouldn’t have placed it around John’s throat. The bite would have been a bonding bite had the collar not been in the way, it crushes his heart to know that John had tried to mate someone else. But at the same time, he had clearly been manipulated into the situation by Moriarty.
“Ah!” The surprised but pleasurable noise comes out unexpectedly from Sherlock’s mouth, he didn’t even know he could make a sound like that. But John doesn’t stop, amazing him further by moving closer to his scent gland, each time repeating the same motion, licking over the spot gently before just lightly biting. He doesn’t lick it for the same amount each time, so each little nip comes as a surprise causing Sherlock’s cock to throb while at the same time he can feel his body opening up, preparing itself to take the Alpha. He’s never felt it like this before, the deeply buried hunger inside of him never happening outside of heat and before always a curse. But now, John is bringing it out with every move he makes and it’s glorious.
“I was. But I like what dad does, the science part, not so much the chasing criminals part.” He smiles. “I think working with the police as perhaps an official member that can also be creative like dad, could be good. Or maybe I’ll stick with dad, who knows.”
to break the heat yet but I can find it — I can find it. I
Sherlock doesn’t even register the words, only feels the flames lick up his spine when John’s cock presses in forcefully, ramming into him, filling him full with each powerful stroke. It’s pure ecstasy as he feels his Omega dance in satisfaction as it gets what it always wanted. A strong confident Alpha fucking into him with abandon, his body used for pleasure, his Alpha giving that same pleasure back to him tenfold.
wants.
Sherlock can feel Iris’s come against his stomach and is happy to know that John’s prep work made his pup’s first time pain free. As he listens to the two of them moaning through their orgasms he feels Iris’s stomach swell against his own. His cock which has been getting some friction and pressure between their bouncing bodies throbs.
“What?” Sherlock’s eyes dart back and forth, annoyed that they are stopping.
Shen has John and Iris, what will Sherlock do?
The pink phone’s message tone interrupts their little row. “Excellent.” Sherlock says, his attention on their conversation completely broken, the next piece of the case consuming him once again in it clutches. He picks it up and looks at the newest photograph that the bomber has sent. “View of the Thames. South Bank, somewhere between Southwark Bridge and Waterloo.” He reaches for his own phone in his jacket pocket. “You check the papers; I’ll look online...” The detective looks up for a moment to see John with his hands placed back on his chair, his back hunched as he hangs his head, his breathing steadying as he calms himself down.
They don’t bother getting a cab, the detective seems to know where they’re going and it’s not too many blocks away in an adjacent neighborhood. They break into a flat which Sherlock finally tells him belongs to the brother of Westie’s fiancée, the Beta he met with the bike. The blood on the windowsill confirms that something bad happened here.
it that you want?” The soft whine John gets in return goes to his groin, he’s already more than half hard from Sherlock’s earlier grinding. If the whine itself wasn’t sinful enough, he can smell a burst of arousal as the Omega’s heat begins to fully blossom, his body beginning to burn up, finally ready to accept an Alpha.
As of 8/9/20 I have updated the chapter again.
“JOHN STOP!” Sherlock’s voice is panic stricken and the Alpha pauses because he can see that the detective has tears in his eyes. Sherlock gets right up to him and starts to attempt to push him back down the stairs, hands on his chest trying to turn him around. “You NEED to leave, turn around, you NEED to go, PLEASE!” Sherlock isn’t strong enough to push John around and the Alpha stands firm though confused.
“Why are you doing this?” Sherlock says into the phone. Both Iris and John stare intently, wishing they could hear the person on the other end.
Sherlock tries to answer, but his own voice cracks and he has to swallow a few times before he can get anything out. “I’m not sure. A bit overwhelmed to be honest.” He admits quietly, the purring stopping as his Omega side leaves and the detective comes back.
“Huh.” He says as the news moves on from the gas explosion to the Connie Prince murder. He watches as the houseboy, Raoul, is taken away by the police. Dozens of photographers are there, trying to get pictures, cameras flashing away as the man is put into the back of a police car.
“I see. No, I don’t. What am I seeing?” John barely looks over at Donovan talking to an officer as they walk past. But she notices him and turns around.
“That could be anybody.”
coming.” John says flatly. Sherlock takes a few steps closer, he can’t believe John would do something like this.
“Both.” Sherlock says, raising the pistol and pointing it straight at the guy, who stops and faces Sherlock head on.
Heyo everyone and welcome back! I hope everyone's doing well and that you are all keeping safe during these troubling times. I have had some big roller coaster rides over the past few weeks, so thank you everyone for being patient and waiting for this new chapter. I will say that this chapter has not been beta read, I suspect that my beta reader isn't doing as well as I am so I am giving her a break but that meant that I had to edit this chapter multiple times until I was finally happy with it. There is some dialogue I'm not fully satisfied with toward the end, but I don't want to hold it any longer.
“You’re Grace, please contain yourself.” He says quietly through gritted teeth, his body and mind warring against each other as his mind says to behave and his body says to take what’s
-----
They manage to flag down a cab and Sherlock directs it to a drop zone, where one of his informants has dropped off the data he needed to finish the case. Beside him, John sits looking out the window dejectedly. His lips are in a frown and his scent is tinged with a hint of burnt wood. Sherlock isn’t usually one to overthink things, he gathers answers quickly and makes decisions within seconds. But this case feels targeted directly at them. It mirrors in a strange way the relationship the three of them have found themselves in, but at the same time is slightly different.  John finds them both attractive and wants to court them, while Raoul was clearly in this for the money. The houseboy doesn’t like Kenny all that much, tolerating him as a way to get into his pockets. Sadly, Connie had to die because of greed.
there conveniently when the first Moriarty case ever showed up.
The sight of the naked Omega in front of him spurs John’s cock to its full length, the thick shaft straining against his own trousers. Sherlock is a beautiful sight in front of him, all pale smooth skin and lithe figure, his body just grown enough to have lost the awkward look he had just a short year ago. The boy bites his lips anxiously and looks down hiding his eyes behind brown curls, submitting to the Alpha’s gaze and drawing John’s attention down to the Omega’s pretty cock. The small thing is thin and pale like the boy himself, it stands proud resting against the curl of his hip, the tip blushing a beautiful pink. John wants to touch it, wants to stroke it and feel how smooth it would be in his hand, to see how the teen would react to him if he took it into his mouth. But his darker desire to claim, to
“I told you not to worry about
Moriarty fixes his suit with a ‘How rude, can you believe this guy?’ look on his face. “Westwood.” He says, theatrically swiping at the jacket before gesturing to it indignantly. “D’you know what happens if you don’t leave me alone, Sherlock, to
John he yanks his eyes away from Sherlock to watch the final strokes, to watch the final moments before he knots Iris’s and takes his virginity away for good. He thrusts hard and the baby Omega whines and clenches.
A few minutes later and they’re on their way to the only Professor Cairns that has something to do with planets and stars, which is what Sherlock thinks connects the two people.
As they have a stare down, once again both judging and silently posturing toward one another a song begins to play, echoing off the walls. Sherlock breaks eye contact first, likely not the best thing to do when a killer is staring you down but he can’t help but look around in confusion. At first he thinks that it must be one of the snipers because the song playing is ‘Staying Alive’ and that seems rather fitting. But when he looks back at Moriarty the man has an exasperated look on his face, like he can’t believe their dramatic showdown has been interrupted.
“Oh. Well, I think you’d do really great. I mean you sort of grew up around all of this and whatever you put your mind to you’ll do succeed at.” Lestrade smiles down at the young Omega.
“Of course, developing something like this isn’t easy and there were complications along the way. The best thing I found was a different drug, one that did the exact opposite of this one. A compound that makes an Omega go into an immediate heat, forcing their body to mature, but stripping them of their mind in its intensity. So mindless in fact they either breed or die from the overwhelming heat.” Moriarty doesn’t take his eyes off of John.
The Alpha clears his throat, attempting to maybe get the focus off the device but doesn’t bother to see the results instead turning back to the tv to see Kenny Prince. The Beta is standing in the window with the annoying furless cat that John had been so sure was the murder weapon. John notices that Kenny’s face doesn’t seem upset. He wonders if knowing that Raoul had slain his sister made him no longer care about the man, or if he had never truly cared for either of them. As he watches the even worse thought occurs that perhaps he had wanted his sister dead and manipulated Raoul into doing it for him, leaving him free from any blame.
. The wet heat swallowing him again and again as he finally takes the virgin, not stopping this time, no longer teasing his pretty little Prince. Ready to make the teen his forever.
clean, and fresh.” He puts the magnifier in his pocket. “How long would the bacteria have been incubating inside her?”
Sherlock stares at the painting, looking at every detail from the brush strokes to the specific colors used. He turns back to his phone searching. “It’s a fake. It
Sherlock chuckles and runs his own hand over his stomach, groaning when he feels how full he is. He won’t admit it to John yet, but he’s never felt so satisfied, he can tell the Alpha’s control is at its lowest, so best to wait until another time to mention loving being filled. “It’s fine.” Sherlock echoes John’s favorite statement and the Alpha laughs, smiling down at him.
In my head, Iris never even looks at another suitor, he's too wrapped up in Sherlock and John to ever even think to leave. He loves them both, feels cared for by them, and he even begins his own career in forensics, working with Lestrade in order to stay and help them. They become the perfect crime fighting trio and when Iris is in his early twenties, after he's been through college and working, he sits John and Sherlock down and asks to be their mate, officially. Since their first time, they have been regularly having sex together, sometimes just the mates and other times all three, but John and Iris haven't ever been alone, like a silent agreement that because they weren't mated they weren't to be without Sherlock. John and Sherlock both agree immediately that Iris is welcome to be their official mate and they are thrilled that he has finally chosen what he wants. John mates him during his next heat and they form their little pack.
.” Sherlock puts his hand over John’s and gives it a squeeze.
“Stop it.” The detective says, upset that John is being used as a pawn against him.
going to happen.” Sherlock assures him.
true.” Jim smiles but it falls quickly. “Well, I’d better be off.” He shrugs, like they’ve just been having a lovely chat and now he has to get home for dinner. “Well, so nice to have had a proper chat.” He licks his lips as he looks at Sherlock.
“I referred to her husband in the past tense. She joined in. Bit premature, they’ve only just found the car.” The detective wipes away the fake tears he was able to shed.
“Yes, very. Is that
Sherlock feels his first full wave of slick soak his pants as the Alpha kneads his strong hands into his thighs just below his ass as they maneuver through the kitchen. His hole clenches at the feeling and he lets out a soft groan that gets eaten up by an eager pair of lips covering his own. He kisses back, wanting to do whatever he can to satisfy the hunger building in his stomach, a possessiveness over the Alpha driving him forward.
Lestrade suddenly eyes Iris, taking in his nude form and clearly cum swollen stomach. The Alpha’s leather scent spikes, bitter with the anger that suddenly reaches his face.
“Yeah well, no more mushy stuff. I have to get back to the office, see if we’ve found anything on our end. You good staying here alone.”
The Omega licks his lips nervously and John follows the movement with his eyes, wishing he could lick that cupid’s bow himself. “I…I don’t feel…safe around them.” His scent is becoming slightly tinged with fear, the sour taste of it is pungent on John’s tongue. His own pine scent is still lingering and to mask Sherlock’s scent he puts out more of it, enough that it shouldn’t draw attention, but it should help the Omega go undetected for longer.
When it finally does go down enough, John lifts Sherlock up, hauling the younger up by his hips and keeping him there, letting all his seed spill out of the Omega and down around his lap, coating his cock and balls, before it drips down onto the chair below. It will smell like their mating for weeks, maybe even months. He can see as Sherlock’s hole flutters, trying to grasp around nothing, aching to be filled again even as it gets its first reprieve.
!” Sherlock’s eyes are wide as he shouts, clearly still irrational and vulnerable from the heat run and mating. The normally careful detective would never act like this if his body wasn’t warring against his normally rational mind.
“D’you reckon this is connected, then? The bomber?” It’s the only thing lately that’s been on his mind.
“Did you now? Well, your grace, I’m all yours.” John shoves in a little deeper, rocking his hips back and forth, getting the Omega’s virgin walls to slowly open themselves to his intrusion. With each inch he gains his cock becomes coated in slick, letting him slide in deeper, until his hips meet against that pretty little pale ass.
He’s not there long before Sherlock has moved on from the car and is over to the wife of the potential victim. He’s initially confused by the detective’s sudden lying but then guesses quickly that she’s a suspect, so he acts casual as Sherlock fake cries about how he was a friend of the missing man. The conversation is less than a few sentences and yet the detective walks away with his signature coat twirling flair, clearly happy with the outcome.
Sherlock has never taken Iris along on his adventures besides the night out at the Chinese circus. He participated in plenty of research in cases, searching the web and books, helping with experiments on body parts, when he was younger he would have to stay behind the police lines. But now that he’s expressed interest in taking it further, Sherlock decides to take him along today for at least some of the investigation part.
John is snapped out of his thoughts when a pained cry comes from the bed, which stabs him right in the heart. He closes the door, clicks the lock in place and walks to the bed. What he finds makes his chest ache even worse. His comforter and sheets have been rearranged into a makeshift nest with Iris in the middle. The poor teen is drenched in sweat, his dark curls matted to his forehead, and he’s breathing as if he’s been running a marathon. Sherlock is smoothing his hair down and talking to him in hushed tones, but the little Omega just whines as his body is racked with pain, as it tries to clench down, searching for the relief of an Alpha. He looks so small on the queen sized bed, legs tucked up as he lays on his side in the fetal position.
make people into heroes, John. Heroes don’t exist, and if they did, I wouldn’t be one of them.” The two of them stare at each other for a moment, the air still and constricting in their silence.
. He puts his feet back on the floor, for a moment while he stripes efficiently, pulling off trousers, pants, and socks in one go, wasting little time, wanting his hands back on heated flesh as soon as possible.
“Takes after his father.” He says causing the older Omega to laugh. He has a huge smile on his face when he looks away from John and down to Iris.
The news man continues on saying that the explosion was just a gas leak and that the utilities company has a spokesman out to talk about it. Of course, they all know that it’s a cover up by the police department and that it was really the bomber. He almost wonders at how many times in the past a bomb has been played off as a gas explosion.
“Right.” John pays for the cab as Sherlock finds a way in. A moment later they’re bursting through the doors of a room they can hear audio playing in. The Alpha has his pistol out already and Sherlock shouts into the room. A large shadow can be seen along the back but they are blinded by a light in their faces coming from a projector, which flashes and goes black a second later.
Sherlock hates the comparison, makes a bit of bile start to rise in his throat. “Dear Jim. Please will you fix it for me to get rid of my lover’s nasty sister?” Jim smiles and licks his lips, walking once again toward Sherlock, seeming to not care that he has a weapon pointed at him. “Dear Jim. Please will you fix it for me to disappear to South America?” The detective uses two examples from the tests they were given.
Running down sidewalks and dark alleyways, it feels like they are back on their first case again. Sherlock can hear John behind him, the Alpha laughing aloud with glee. The rush of their near death experiences making them giddy, the two of them both perfectly happy to run home when they could easily stop for a cab instead. When Sherlock knows they’re about five minutes from the flat he turns down an alley and in the moment that John can’t see him he stops and turns around.
“Knew you’d get there eventually. West wasn’t killed here; that’s why there was so little blood.” His words annoy John a little. It seems that Sherlock has been testing him without his knowledge. He wonders briefly if he’s been doing well.
about this, don’t you? This is
John eventually gets down on his knees and taking each of detective’s long legs into a hand, he puts one behind his back and kisses the inner thigh of the other. As far as he knows, it has been eighteen years since Sherlock’s done this, so he wants to be careful not to hurt him, even as his inner Alpha roars at him to get on with it, telling him that he needs to take the Omega
The Alpha can’t help but bark out a laugh. He turns around and heads to the kitchen for a cup of tea. As he’s standing there waiting for the kettle to boil, Sherlock comes out of the bedroom already dressed in a suit, clearly also ready for the bomber's quests to continue. John turns back to the kettle, internally cursing the thing for holding him back from the sweet elixir of life that a morning cup of tea holds. That is until he smells his scent, heavy of Sherlock as the Omega strolls by him. He expected the detective to have some scent that might have rubbed off from Iris since the teen likely didn’t shower before getting in the nest. But the heavy scent suggests that Iris and Sherlock had scented each other while the teen was still covered in his Alpha scent. It’s confusing, but John takes it as a good sign that Sherlock might not be entirely mad at him anymore.
The Alpha lays back on the bed and stares at the ceiling. He can’t help the giddy smile that won’t leave his face. These last few months have been crazy, some of the best times he has had in his entire life. To be honest, he’s almost glad he got shot. If he didn’t he wouldn’t have found his home. As he goes to get up and put some pants on he hears quick footsteps on the floor above him.
“But the wound’s clean –
Hey everyone, thanks for continuing onto the next chapter, we have started into The Great Game.
Sherlock heads with Lestrade to the police station and John heads home to catch a bit of sleep and check on Iris. When he gets home Iris is all over him asking how it went. John hugs him tight, thinking of the teen once again sitting in front of the crossbow, in danger. When he pulls away the Alpha gives him a quick review, but tells Iris he needs to have a lie down before he gets on with Mycroft’s case. John removes his jacket when he gets to his room and realizes he still has Sherlock’s scarf. He doesn’t really bother removing the rest of his clothes, just sets a four hour alarm and falls immediately asleep, nose buried in the scarf.
“You were attempting to court me.” Sherlock breathes in a big calming breath, filling his nose with the Alpha’s forest scent. The very fragrance that’s been taunting him finally his to fully enjoy for the moment.
“John!” Sherlock shouts.
a scenting is supposed to be reserved for a potentially mating couple and yet I have recently seen it used as a comforting device by an unlikely pair. Family members in fact, which intrigued me and helped me understand that while certain things are considered “traditional” or “normal”, those very same traditions can be changed or different in certain contexts. For example, I personally used another “traditionally intimate” action of marking to calm two different Omegas, both of whom are still, as of yet, untouched by myself even though I was in the position to do so. But the goal of calming them down was fully achieved and I have not further marked either of them as neither have needed it, nor have I started an intimate enough relationship with either to warrant such action.” John clamps his jaw fully shut, but is proud of himself by the end at how well put together it all sounds and how calm he kept his voice. He continues to look out the window with a now silent Sherlock the whole way to the abandoned car.
At the same time detective Donovan walks in. “Freak, it’s for you.” She says with a phone in her hand.
It takes some time but John finally gets his head back on his shoulders long enough to get  out of Sherlock’s enticing scent, pulling away from soft lips but not before taking the Omega’s lower one and giving it a little bite. Both of them are panting heavily and John licks his lips when he sees just how affected the detective looks. Sherlock’s chest is heaving as he gasps for breath, his eyes hazy with arousal, lips extra pink from their kissing.
“He didn’t count on
He has to stop looking, he needs a moment before his usual second orgasm but his mate surprises him by letting go of one of Iris’s cheeks. He snakes his hand down and between their bellies. John isn’t paying much attention, getting his breath back, that is until he feels Sherlock’s hand rubbing against his tip through Iris’s stomach.
play with him. Or maybe I’ll make him suck you off while you sit on my knot.” Sherlock moans into the pillow, muffling his own sounds as he bucks back hard onto John’s cock.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who press-gangs suicide bombers?” The Alpha raises his voice, real Alpha power slipping in, which has Iris lightly whining and Sherlock’s whole body thumbing with energy to protect his young.
“But I shouldn’t have been mad at either of you. I had been so overwhelmed by my heat I wasn’t seeing things straight, I was hurt because I was jealous that you seemed to like Iris more, when I knew that wasn’t true. I was hiding from you while Iris was happy to be by your side and interact with you. If I had just been more open, you could have spent just as much time with me.” Sherlock doesn’t want to make excuses, he knows he was keeping back from John, acting as if Iris was himself, letting Iris do the things he wanted but felt like he didn’t deserve. As if watching from the sidelines he could observe what he wanted without having to commit to anything. “Iris said you wanted to court me, but that you still wanted him and I to keep our relationship and that in the future we could see where it went between the three of us. That maybe you would court him as well if that’s where life happens to leads us.” Sherlock takes John’s other hand into his own, mimicking the Alpha.
Sherlock smiles behind his fingers. “I think he wants to be distracted.”
John shifts to bury his face in Sherlock’s scent gland, letting the intoxicating fragrance affect him more, letting it make his knot throb a little larger. He shallows out his thrusts, his knot slipping in and out, slick continuing to coat him as he gets his last final strokes, reveling in how good his soon to be mate feels. He wishes it could last forever, wants to never leave the soft flesh of Sherlock’s body. Wants to feel the two of them connected in the way only Alpha and Omega can be, locked together with their desire, prays they could stay that way for the rest of eternity.
Sherlock looks down, looking ashamed. “I should have known that. I shouldn’t have reacted this way, I was terrified you were going to get to Iris and hurt my pup. My head isn’t working right.” Sherlock brings his one hand up to rub at his temple.
The Alpha’s never been able to do something like this, pushing and pulling his knot from his mate, as least not for very long. Usually the urge to lock in too strong, but he’s already filled Sherlock to the brim,  which lets him enjoy the slower unrushed moment. The sinful vision of knotting his mate repeatedly, while fingering Iris, makes his knot swell and he has to back off, his cock red and angry to fulfill its purpose once again. Maybe his mate will let him tie him up sometime and he’ll get to do this again. He leaves his knot out for a bit so it goes down before resting it once again inside Sherlock while he finishes the prep work.
When he wakes up Iris has made him breakfast which he inhales and is off to the train tracks. A Beta shows him to the site where Westie supposedly jumped in front of the train. He gives John some good insight, mostly with the fact that there wasn’t much blood on the tracks, which indicates to John that he probably wasn’t a jumper, but was instead placed here. When the train tracks move, John squats down, thoughts flying through his head.
“Took you two long enough.” Iris says, a small smile on his face, no shock to be found. Happy that his dad isn’t going to be alone anymore. That he has someone who’s strong by his side who will love him like he should be loved.
“Has it occurred to you —”
“Uncle Lestrade.” Iris gets up from John’s chair, which he’s been sitting in whenever he gets a chance, if only to soak up a little of the Alpha’s scent.
“Golem!” John shouts, jumping up onto the stage, pistol drawn and pointed toward the man’s face. The man is bald and his face has a grotesqueness to it that if John wasn’t a soldier he might have hesitated to get nearer. But the hands he sees about Sherlock’s neck make him more than willing to kill this man immediately, if only he could get a clear shot. John puts out a wave of Alpha scent, to see if he can get the guy to submit but the Golem just starts turning them, forcing John into a strange circle pattern as he tries to keep his gun pointed at his target. “Let him go, or I
They turn in the brother to Lestrade but take the thumb drive with them.
When they’ve both finished shuttering, they slump together, muscles relaxing from their previously tensed states. John unclenches his jaw and pulls his teeth out of Sherlock’s neck. He immediately starts licking at the wound, lapping at the mark to seal it up. The Omega sighs and keeps his head still to give John all the room he needs. He unconsciously starts purring at the sensation, his relaxation allowing for the noise he doesn’t think he’s ever made before. John grins as he continues licking at the wound, enjoying the vibrations in his chest coming from Sherlock, the purring mess below him an example to his Alpha side that he did his job perfectly.
“You ready baby Prince, going to make you all mine.” He twists his hips on each thrust, his knot starting to breach the rim before pulling away again. “Going to fill you full of my pups.” He growls when his knot slips halfway in, knowing it won’t be much longer. The Omega’s body opening wider each time he grinds against him. It drives him wild, causing him to finally release the hold he had on the teen’s hands, grabbing instead both ass cheeks and pulling them open. He watches as the thickest point of his knot gets closer and closer to slipping in, stretching the boy’s rim to its limit.
“Who are you?” Sherlock asks the pool, turning his back on John who isn’t the threat he thought he was.
Well, my story was never meant to be this large and detailed, I got carried away and the focus was supposed to be on John and Sherlock mating, with side Iris. Moriarty is plotting and scheming like he does, but I don't feel I can write that all out and do the whole thing justice. There is no way my Sherlock would pretend die and if I made him to it, I wouldn't know how to change the characters properly. Obviously, John wouldn't then meet Mary and all that Jazz, so I think ending it here before I'd have to change entire episodes is a good stopping point. I've seen other people try to do it and it just ends up a mess. If I practice and get better at making my own case fictions, then maybe I will revisit this in the future.
“That’s right my pup, let us take care of you.” Sherlock purrs, echoing John’s earlier words as he wraps his fingers around the small shaft and gives it a few light strokes. Iris’s hips jump and he whines again, the inexperience of the teen showing as he attempts to hump into the pleasure but only manages to squirm.
Sherlock must see his discomfort because he gives it over easier than John expected. He wraps it around his face and takes several large breaths, letting the sweet meadow grass scent take over. He can still slightly smell the foul odors but it’s better. “What’s the Golem doing sleeping rough?” He asks, trying to get a little more information out of the detective.
“Run.” John growls out lowly. If Sherlock doesn’t finish the mating run by finding a ‘safe spot’ to mate, he’s not sure he can resist taking him right now where they stand. While he has this moment of clarity he needs to use it, he doesn’t want his future mate to remember their bond happening anywhere but in his own comfortable nest at home.
John does his best to hold his weight and not to slump down in exhaustion. He could accidentally jostle the knot. When he looks up he’s happy to see that Sherlock’s face isn’t in pain anymore but his eyes are clear, the discomfort having knocked some of the heat out of him. He stares up at John in confusion, his eyes darting back and forth like he knows that what happened isn’t what was supposed to happen.
“Um. I’m not sure. I’m really hot. What’s going on?” Iris tries to sit up a bit but his stomach is in knots and he just ends up slumped back into the pillow. He swallows a couple times, his mouth feeling dry.
“That’s right my little Prince, you’re all mine now. Ready to take my cock, like the good tight hole I know you are.” John positions himself against the slick rim, applying a light pressure, just letting the thick tip slip in and out, teasing them both. “This little virgin hole of yours has been taunting me for years, you were so small before I wasn’t sure if you’d be able to take all of me.” The Omega moans needy against the table. John rubs the heel of his hand up Sherlock’s spine, petting the boy and getting some tension out. “Wasn’t sure you’d be able to take all my knot; I’ve had more than one Omega scream with how big it gets.”
“Nnnnn — no. So close.” Sherlock pants out with little upset noises, his pretty pink cock bouncing and throbbing on his belly so much that John thinks he might just come untouched.
“Inspector, my time is being wasted. Would you mind showing yourself and your
He and Sherlock are out of the taxi at the same time and walking up to the crime scene which the police have already taped off. Lestrade and his team are always getting there faster with the lights and sirens. John actually wonders why Sherlock hates to take the police cars when it would bring him to the crime scenes much faster. Lestrade is off and talking to Sherlock right as they duck under the tape and for some reason detective Donovan has decided to take an interest in him again, just like the first case. She at least waits until Sherlock is preoccupied with the car before she talks.
The confession takes very little prompting once they get him seated on the couch. Though he says it was just an accident, which at first John doesn’t believe until he describes how he had stolen the memory stick with the missile plans while his future brother in law was drunk. But it had backfired because Westie had confronted him and when the Beta had pushed him, he had fallen down the stairs, breaking his neck on the way down. He sounds sad as he says it all, claiming it was a spur of the moment decision to put Westie’s body on the train.
-----
“What — would you like me — to make him say — next?” John opens the jacket further and a red laser sight dot appears, ready to shoot the Alpha at any moment. Sherlock takes a few more steps forward, looking around the upper deck again, but he sees nothing. “Gottle o’ geer ... gottle o’ geer ... gottle o’ geer.” John says, clearly being talked to through an earpiece, once again confirming that he has become the hostage for this final challenge.
“John is awake, send one of those pastel-clad minions to get the doctor! And somebody show me how to dim the bloody lights!” Sherlock demanded loudly. His footsteps came rapidly back toward the bed, and John felt a cold hand wrap around his own, handling it as carefully as if it were a bird. “Someone will make it less bright in here in a moment, John. Just hang on.”
John watched his dramatics dispassionately. "So what you're saying is," he drawled, "you can't do it." Sherlock whirled to glare at him, quicksilver eyes blazing. "You just said it; you can't focus for more than… a millisecond, did you say?"
Wait a minute; he hopped back up to the table and scanned the crowd again. Marjorie was nowhere in sight, either. His alarm grew. Marjorie had almost certainly killed her husband in order to be ‘free’ for John when she turned forty, and now neither of them could be found. He jumped down again, and crossed the hall to accost the groom.
"Well, until one comes to our door, you're going to have to cope. Can't you, I don't know, go work out or something? Practice swordplay, or Baritsu?" Sherlock speared John with a look. "Not my gun, Sherlock, it's not an option."
“Looks like Lestrade wants you to call him,” John said, waggling the phone.
Like it was a magic spell, he drifted off to sleep and did not dream.
As the doors clanged shut on the lift, John did his best to ignore Sherlock’s laser-eyed stare, until his friend broke the silence. “So?” Sherlock demanded.
Another picture: base of a tree with smooth, silvery bark and patch of flattened grass and disturbed soil. No clear footprints, though a bit of Sherlock’s ridiculously posh brown oxford formed an edge of the shot.
Sherlock silently nodded, while inside he was shouting in frustration. What – what could John possibly have been going to say? He both needed and dreaded to know.
“Hello,” he countered, “You always look good enough to eat, though tonight you are especially delectable.” He turned his head to speak quietly and still be heard, purring into the shell of her ear, “I have been hard for you for
John finally looked up at Sherlock. “What? No, No. Not offensive, just telling me the family news. All distant relatives, mostly, aside from me and Harry. But she says my… well, not stepsister, but my Aunt’s husband’s daughter from a previous marriage, you know?” he trailed off for a moment, collecting his thoughts.
John held his eye for a beat, a faint flush creeping up his neck. “Yeah, I never thought I had it in me to be an actor. Sherlock must bring out my creative side.” He focused intently on Sherlock, as if Marjorie wasn’t there. His hand stroked Sherlock’s forearm again.
Sherlock bowed his head and pondered John’s words for a few minutes, turning them in his mind; while John quietly waited, holding Sherlock’s near hand with fingers interlaced. When he raised his head and stood up, John stood too. “John, would you like to go back to our room for the afternoon?” Sherlock asked archly.
A preoccupied, quiet cough from Sherlock was enough to break John’s reverie, though the detective’s intent focus never strayed from the video images. John shook himself and drained the last of his tea, then turned his thoughts resolutely back to the case.
Just as unlikely and fanciful as that.
John wobbled noticeably in his posture. “Er, fine, I guess.” He resettled himself in the stance again, then sighed and amended his statement, “actually, pretty rubbish. I didn’t sleep well after I had a sort of… well, not a fight, but not the easiest conversation with Sherlock.”
Sherlock turned his narrow-eyed stare at Lestrade, who squeezed John’s shoulder once more with another of his startling bright smiles, then turned back to the desk to rummage among his files. “Yeah, right here. It’s another blunt trauma, outside, though this time there’s no footage - it was a construction site that only had cameras at the gates. I dunno, something about it, though…” Lestrade trailed off as he separated a file from the rest and passed it over. John moved to look at it over Sherlock’s shoulder.
John climbed the stairs to 221B, a bag of groceries banging against his leg. The flat was curiously quiet, and he wondered if Sherlock had gone out. It'd be a blessing if he had, John thought. Maybe he's finally found something to do.
John nodded gratefully; after gulping all that water, he did need the loo rather urgently, and he could definitely use a little space. They stood, and he headed from the office to his room.
Spike’s weeping and moaning had been gaining volume throughout, but at this it cut off completely, and he stared at Davies through red eyes. “Amanda is dead, Mister D. I loved ‘er and she’s dead, because of me. Can’t you get dat frough your ‘ead? What problem is worse ‘an ‘at?”
“Ah ha, got you! The reveal is always a lark,” Duck smirked at him. “Took a lot of practice on that pegleg to get my stride to feel smooth, but it’s been worth it. And this is what makes taking a run possible.” He opened the gym bag that sat beside his chair and produced a metal hook-shaped blade, also fitted with a cup to apply to his residual limb. He peeled off the sock that covered the limb, which looked to extend about twenty or twenty-two centimeters down from the knee, and ended in a smooth rounded nub and some scar tissue. Duck replaced the sock with a different one that looked to be made of wetsuit material as far as John could tell. Then he fitted the cup and hook over the sleeve, flipped a switch near the bottom of the cup, and stood. Air hissed out of the valve he had opened, and he leaned over and closed it when the sound had stopped.
John’s face wrinkled in a frown and his pace increased a bit, Duck easily keeping up at his side.
John had been observing Spike’s return, and couldn’t help but see his expression as his boss blithely threw this comment at him. As obvious as street signs, the emotions were passing across the big man’s face: surprise, guilt, anger; each chased across, then settled into stoic implacability. John saw his own death written there, and Sherlock’s.
Eventually his outburst subsided, leaving him exhausted again. He leaned limply in the wet patch he had left on Sherlock’s shoulder, and breathed in and out deeply. Sherlock wore a pine-infused, spicy cologne that teased his nose and the solid body beneath his cheek was warm and comforting. He hadn’t been held like this, sheltered and accepted, much at all in his adult life.
Sherlock shot a quick look at John, then averted his gaze to the side. “Experiment,” he lied breezily. “Now, would you like me to look at your crime scene sometime this week? Get on with it!” He hustled off in the direction of the yellow tape, popping his collar and adjusting his scarf up snug around his neck.
Absently, he wiped her face after the bowl was empty, prepared her a bottle of formula, and took her to the sofa to drink it until she fell asleep, then walked her down the hall. He put his daughter down in her cot and covered her with a light blanket, then stood there, his thousand-yard stare never changing.
“That’s it, John. We need to get this out of you.” Again and again he retched, until only a small trickle of fluid dripped from him. Blearily he wondered if anyone had placed a basin; otherwise he was vomiting all over his bedroom floor. The notion made him whimper weakly as a soft cloth wiped his mouth.
“So, what?”
Sherlock ducked his head, color back in his cheeks. “It’s nothing.”
“Just come and see for yourself, Lestrade, I haven’t all night to hang about and gossip with you on the phone,” he snarked as he hung up. “They should be along presently.” A grimace passed across his face at that moment, and he pressed a hand to his side.
“Me too, love. Me too.”
John stole noiselessly into the kitchen. Someone had cleared half the table by picking up the clutter of tea cups, Petrie dishes, beakers and toast crusts and dumping them in the sink. A sheet of paper in the space showed a lifelike pencil drawing of an ear, the model for which was arranged on a saucer to catch the best light from the window. John didn't think it was one of the ears from the head in the fridge, but couldn't be sure. The ear drawing had been modified into a letter B on the sheet, followed by carefully shaded and detailed letters O, R, I, N and G. Most of the rest of the space on the page had been filled in with Sherlock's precise writing, one word: "bored." The page had been pinned to the table with all seven of the knives from the butcher block, even the bread slicer which was blunt on the end. John wondered how Sherlock had managed that. He shook his head. This did not bode well. Sherlock had been on edge this week; living on nervous energy, tea, and nicotine patches, sleeping little if at all. The door opened at the end of the hall and Sherlock strode out, buttoning his cuff and running his fingers through damp curls. Purple shirt today, John noticed. He must really be buzzing.
This must be the email John had mentioned weeks ago, from his cousin-relative-woman. While the text certainly didn’t indicate much grief on the part of the widow, Sherlock couldn’t see anything that would explain John’s reluctance to hear from her. And while he had managed to answer his Aunt within a day or two of her email, he clearly had not answered this one yet. Why not? Perhaps John was uncomfortable with how unaffected Marjorie seemed by her widowhood, when John himself had struggled to come to grips with his own bereavement. Of course, there is quite a difference between losing a spouse to an illness, and the horrendous events John had endured. Perhaps it was difficult for him to be reminded of it like this.
“Well, then, I guess I’ll have to answer,” Sherlock replied dryly. “But just this once. You know I prefer to text.”
Sherlock gasped, as if this hadn’t occurred to him. “Is that likely?” he ventured, “I could speak to someone on your behalf, if you think it would…”
John forestalled him with a ‘talk to the hand’ gesture. “Look, I am not going to discuss this anymore, until I’ve had a chance to think it through - thoroughly, and with the assistance of my therapist. That’s what he’s for, yeah? Let him earn his pay.” He crossed his arms over his chest and set his face implacably.
Sherlock didn’t demand he come to Baker Street all the time, instead stopping by John’s flat when the whim struck. When John did visit, Sherlock made him tea and had his favorite biscuits in the cupboard. Sherlock would watch John over the rim of his own cup with every sign of contentment to have John there, despite his dropping crumbs on the floor.
John’s face reflected his confusion. “Of course,” he cleared his throat. “’Course it is. Why wouldn’t it be?”
“No, you git - when I was twenty-three and right pissed, alright? Besides, I never meant it, she was crying at the time!” John swung round to face him, fists clenched. Anger streaked his features, and something else Sherlock had rarely seen on John, and so it took him a moment to recognize it. Embarrassment. John was mortified by whatever situation he found himself in, and thought Sherlock would scorn him for it.
“It’s just a shopping ba- hang on, wasn’t the last kid carrying that? It looks like the same shiny fabric, at least.” John squinted at the bag over the woman’s shoulder. It seemed full of something angularly lumpy, and hung awkwardly against her back. It was definitely the same bag, or at least one of the same brand, John decided.
“You said to think about what to live for; that’s easy. I’ve got a daughter, just about a year old now. Her mother is dead, and there’s so much to tell, to unpack about that, you’ll be sick of it soon enough. God knows I am.” He dropped his head and scratched fingers through sweat-damp hair, making it stick up in odd spikes.
Again, Sherlock looked away, his body seeming to draw in on itself, and he looked at the floor. “When Amina came to stay, you gave me a key in case you needed me to come in and relieve her when you were delayed at the surgery and she had classes to teach. Don’t you remember?”
When Sherlock nodded, John began to move. Slowly, smoothly, eyes fixed on his lover’s face for any sign of discomfort, he pulled back until he was at risk of popping free, then pressed in again, slowly, inexorably filling the place he had made for himself inside Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s gaze stayed riveted to the man above him, his nerves alight with the sensation of John on him, in him, all around him. On the next pass, John skimmed over his prostate and he gasped as sparks shot up his spine.
The air was very dry, and redolent with the odor of the cedar benches and paneling. It was deserted.
John watched all this with amusement coupled with dismay. When it seemed like Sherlock would get out the door without another word to John, he blurted, “Sherlock -”
“Sleep, John,” Sherlock said. “Things will be better in the morning.”
John dropped his head into his hands for a moment, then with a deep breath looked up again to answer. “Because there are some things it’s easier to talk about with a stranger.”
John’s mouth worked soundlessly for a moment, then he dropped his head into his hands. “Yes,” he said. The word emerged small and defeated from behind his palms.
“John,” Sherlock said, “I –“ he closed his eyes; too much input, too much fulfillment of too many hopes at once crashing in on him. He turned his head into the crook of John’s smooth neck, trembling slightly. His arms, which until now had been clutching the bedclothes, slid up along John’s sides to grab at his shoulder blades, clinging tightly. He breathed raggedly; he wasn’t sure what was happening. This wasn’t climax, but he was utterly overwhelmed.
he thought.
“This is - yeah.” John scrubbed a hand across the back of his neck. “This is really nice, Sherlock. Thank you.” He caught himself just as he began to move; he very much wanted to hug his friend in that moment, both in gratitude for the gesture, and because the faint blush and uncertain expression on his friend’s face was so appealing.
John’s phone beeped, and his brow wrinkled. “What’s that, then?” He reluctantly stepped over to the nightstand to look at it. “Christ, look at the time! Aunt Brigid will kill us if we’re late.”
John didn’t speak, just reached down and undid the fastening, and started the zip. Sherlock hastened to assist, not wanting to miss anything about this part of John as it was revealed. He slipped the trousers over John’s hips as he raised them off the bed, and down his legs; stripping off socks at the same time. John had interesting feet, Sherlock decided, with a high arch and unexpectedly smooth skin; he would make a further study another time. For now, his attention traveled up muscular legs, noting scars, especially on the knees – rugby, yes – and an interesting one on John’s thigh - not a bullet, not a knife; shrapnel? He filed it away to ask later.
John’s brow knitted in denial and he rolled his head against the lean pectorals under his face. “No - no. You aren’t responsible for any of this,” he stated. “Don’t go taking this on yourself. You did everything you could to help. I’m grateful.” He looked up, into Sherlock’s startled eyes looking down on him. “And I want you to know - it won’t happen again. You and Rosie, I won’t do this to you ever again. Okay?” He hid his face back in his friend’s chest and tightened his arms again.
“Here’s the CCTV, John.” The door opened with a squeak and a clunk, and Sherlock entered, brandishing a USB stick between finger and thumb. He crossed the tiny space to tap his own Morse code of impatience on the keyboard of an ancient desktop machine next to the over-sized monitor, which groaned to life with a whir of the hard drive as he inserted the stick and peered at the screen. With a flip of this coattails, he settled on a tall chair in front of the set-up. When the dark, grainy footage appeared, John stepped up behind his friend and set down a second cup of tea with a nudge against Sherlock’s elbow.
“I know you do, Sherlock. Just, not this time.”
Sherlock assumed his most dispassionate mien as Duck pumped the hand he had instinctively held out in return. Duck used both hands, his earnestness radiating from every pore. “John’s an exceptional person, and I’m glad to have gotten the chance to know him, despite the circumstances. He speaks highly of you, too. I hope we get a chance to talk sometime.”
When John finished, he turned and stood, facing Sherlock with flat feet and fresh skin, still in his glamorous sparkling gown. He tilted his head inquiringly as Sherlock stared silently at him. “What?” he asked.
John shook his head. “Not with you,” he said absently, “I can talk with Duck about it tomorrow.” John’s gaze snapped to movement in the bright reflection of the room in the window, as clear as a mirror against the darkness outside. He saw the hand barely raised, the hopeful openness blooming on plush lips and tilted eyes, the short step taken toward him. And he saw his own closed, hunched posture; saw the reaction his words produced (puzzlement, disappointment, wistfulness?) pass over his friend’s face before it too, closed off and resumed its impassive mien. His stomach roiled uncomfortably.
John hedged, “I expect you’ll meet someone more wonderful than me. At least I hope so.” He decided not to address the promise he had made, hoping if he dropped the subject, she would let it go. “I’m being deployed next month,” he said instead, “Afghanistan.”
They lived with their Aunt Brigid, and gradually settled in. Aunt Brigid was kind and strict, but never tried to replace their mother. She was their friend as much as their guardian. Time passed. Harry applied to school for law, and when she was eighteen, moved out to attend. John went out for rugby and discovered the thrill of the scrum and the joy of hard-won victory, which left him grinning, panting and filthy. He had a talent for the game, a head for strategy and a visceral appreciation for a solid tackle; he soon made Captain of the team.
John frowned in thought. “I guess you’ve got it all figured out, then,” he groused, “don’t you?”
"It's all right, loads of people have trouble quieting their minds." John said. Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It's a perfectly ordinary -"
Returning to bed, John settled on his back, palms cupping his skull firmly, eyes closed. He did his best to think about Bag of Hammers and his probable mafia-connected murder. After a while, it seemed to work, and he pondered a hitman
“Not much more than an hour; I wandered the garden a little after I ran out of steam, then chucked it all and came back inside.”
she stepped down and was intercepted by the fellow from the first verse, who moved her around the stage in an even more salacious tango than before. Sherlock’s breath was coming in short gasps now, his eyes riveted to the shining queen in deadly shoes as she demonstrated her mastery of her craft.
Major Sholto had found him there, had gathered him tight in strong arms and poured shots of rotgut whisky into him until he stopped trembling. They had talked for a few hours until it seemed like he could, just possibly, get to sleep that night. There had been a twanging, humming tension rising between the two men as they talked and drank, that put John on edge even as it relieved the pressure on his nerves. Just before he left, the Major gazed at John in silence for a few long minutes, an unspoken question in his eyes that John didn’t understand. When no answer was forthcoming, Sholto had smiled his thin smile, nodded to John and left.
Instead, John straightened and pulled back slightly, breaking his friend’s grasp to rub at the back of his neck. “Yeah, um. Yeah. Just, y’know. First time back and all…”
"What? No." Sherlock dismissed the thought with an impatient wave.
Sherlock had stood stock still while John worked his way through his statement, a frown and his stomach dropping more with each sentence. “Do you want to back out?” he asked sharply. “I do think this ruse is the best way to convince that step-woman-whatever that you’re not ever going to be available to her.”
“John, stop!” Sherlock’s weak cry penetrated the fog of fear and rage that John was spewing, and he realized he had taken his (
Sifting through the image results and curling a derisive lip at the conspiracy-survivalist flavor of many of the posts, John saw that modern slingshots addressed the problem of weak wrists with braces that laid across the forearm and kept the slingshot rigid, and that some tips suggested further bracing the entire arm or the slingshot with a stake set in the ground.
“Did you make them bring these underpants? I didn’t want them!” John said, striding into the room, brandishing a glossy package. He stopped, seeing his friend stood tall and rigid in the center of the room, then advanced more cautiously, sensing a difference of mood but not yet sure if it would be dangerous. John was, after all, a soldier at heart. “Well?” he demanded sternly.
The dancer took Grey’s wrist and lifted the scarlet-nailed hand to his lips; he and Lady Grey began to revolve around each other while the music vamped; stepping out to arm’s length and then tightening the distance between them until they were pressed together in a tight clinch. Abruptly the dancer dropped to one knee on the stage, umbrella cradled in the crook of his elbow, pleading as Lady Grey continued with the verse:
Sherlock nodded with satisfaction. “They stood here, then, Lestrade. This mud is fresher than that - not more than yesterday.” He squatted down to take a few pictures of it with his phone. “And there’s marks here, like the ones on the tree in the park - a pair of gouges on the steel at about the same height as those, and another here by the mud.” He indicated what had looked liked a dark patch in the dirty area, but when he brought the light from his phone closer, was revealed as a divot in the steel that had partially filled in later with mud.
“I thought so, too.”
Most of the guests had filtered into the room by now, and the wedding party milled in the foyer waiting to be announced. The bar was doing brisk business. Sherlock looked around and indicated the situation to John. “Into battle,” he said for John’s ears only. John nodded in understanding and squeezed his hand briefly.
He snatched his hand back, his palm chilling rapidly in the cool air, and backed out of the room to shut the door on the sight of his daughter. “Best get to bed,” he said under his breath, heading for his own room.
“John!” Sherlock hissed. “We have to take him down!”
Sherlock said nothing, gaze still fixed on the window, or possibly John’s reflection in the window.
“John -”
“I’ve Shhhh… Sherl… love of m’ life.” He said from the ground. “Ev’n if ‘e nev… wanted more… I’d stay wiff ‘im. Sherlock. ‘S brilliant.” He seemed to be close to passing out, and lay limply, breathing hard. Behind his car, a stunned Sherlock blinked rapidly.
He waited for Sherlock’s response, and it was not long in coming.
“You tell me,” Sherlock challenged. Behind them, Jack made a tiny sound of fear. John glanced at him, turning sideways to the other two in the room to be able to look from one to the other. Jack had gone bone-white, looking at Sherlock like he was mad.
The nurses came in to bustle about, taking blood pressure and oxygen levels and checking catheters and IV lines. Someone showed Sherlock how the lights worked; which he declared ‘incredibly stupid,’ but then spent several minutes fiddling with to find just the right combination of upward-facing wall sconces and dimmed ceiling light, until John could open his eyes without discomfort.
Tonight, as they started in on their ravioli Alfredo and green salads, John stammered out some of the gratitude he’d been feeling since he’d arrived home. “Amina, I wanted to thank you, for all you’ve done while I was…” He cleared his throat and took a sip of wine to moisten his unexpectedly dry mouth. “Well. Rosie and I would have been in real trouble if you hadn’t come along.”
“Haha, a long time, years, really,” he replied stepping back quickly; he was nervous, though no one except Sherlock would probably notice. “Have you met Sherlock?” He took his friend by the elbow and brought him up to his side. “Sherlock, this is Uncle Tim’s daughter, and Stephen’s big sister Marjorie. We’ve known each other since we were teenagers.”
~~oOo~~
“Ha, and there’s the rub, what if I had killed you? I’d have to live with that for the rest of my life. Which wouldn’t be a long time, I don’t expect. Probably for the best...” John trailed off, the ire draining out of him like water.
As John spoke, things were coming clear to him, that he should have recognized ages before this. God, he was so dense! He had said Sherlock needed him, and that was true. But more importantly, Sherlock
John sat on his bed and regarded his friend. “You didn’t answer my question, though. Why are you here so early? I didn’t expect you until after lunch. And what about Rosie?”
the track said, as he danced her over to where the platform had rotated the bar away and revealed an honest-to-god chrome monster of a motorcycle,
Images from his dream the night before popped into his mind. Flat, muscular chest, strong arms, lean, hard body. A male body. Sherlock’s body. His groin throbbed insistently and he craned his head up from the pillow to look at it.
His heart thumped with a little dread, but he breathed deep and firmed his upper lip, dropping a tight nod to punctuate the thought with determination.
“Ah ha!” Sherlock said, slowing the video to regular speed. Onscreen, the group of young people emerged from the copse and headed on toward the far exit of the park, merging into a smattering of other people who had kept to the path. Sherlock accelerated the rate and Hammers performed his swan song, passing across the screen in just a few seconds. Once he was down, Sherlock slowed the feed and avidly watched the film play out. John realized he was not scrutinizing the place where Hammers fell, as one would expect, but was watching the copse of trees where they believed the killer had hidden to fire the shot.
~~oOo~~
He tore his eyes away and stood again, looking off to one side. “I, um...”
John’s transfer from the A&E observation unit to the rehab facility was as tedious and uneventful as he expected: paperwork, getting dressed, rolling out in a wheelchair - god how he hated that part. It made him feel decrepit.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, “hang on there. I’m not upset, so don’t get all in a bunch here. We just… we hadn’t exactly discussed anything like this.”
Tedious. He’d have to collect more data.
The woman transferred her glare from the window to Sherlock, before looking down at her tablet again. “Well, that’s actually...” She frowned. “Correct.” She narrowed her eyes at Sherlock again, and tipped the tablet up so he couldn’t see the screen. “Your appointment with Dr Evans is tomorrow at nine-thirty. Dr Watson, during your stay you are approved to walk the grounds, use the exercise room, the hot tub and the sauna, and you may have a laptop or tablet to work on, but no phones and no Internet. Contact with the outside will be monitored.”
“Yes, oh god yes!” John’s hips snapped doubletime, suddenly pistoning into Sherlock powerfully. His face screwed up into a grimace as he chased his own peak, then sagged in relief as he came in several lusty pulses, gasping Sherlock’s name and collapsing down onto his lover, still careful to list enough to one side that he didn’t compress Sherlock’s chest too heavily. He smeared kisses along any patch of skin that was closest, murmuring endearments in a worshipful stream. “...you beautiful thing... love you so much... missed you. Missed this... brilliant... love you. Only you... no one ever like you...”
And now… now his father was long dead. John had been places; seen and done and lived through things that would have made that bastard shit himself with fear. What right did a person long dead have to dictate John’s life now? How dare he, that piss-poor excuse for a father - for a man - still be messing with John’s mind after all these years? Anger rose in John’s throat and he pushed down the urge to yell obscenities or punch something. Such demonstrations wouldn’t help him now, in the middle of the night with the nursing staff just around the corner; they’d only get him held here in the facility until the staff felt he was more stable.
“Good morning, John.” Sherlock replied, attention captured by the half-lidded eyes, the relaxed smile. John was lovely just then. He wasn’t sure what to do next; what was the protocol when your pretend boyfriend became your real (more than) friend? He settled for touching John’s jaw with gentle fingertips. “How are you feeling?”
“Mm... Email. From my Aunt.” John said, still clearly preoccupied.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock - you’re letting all the heat out!” John’s skin was pebbled with goosebumps and he mourned the loss of his tranquil relaxation.
Sherlock said nothing, but positioned John’s hands appropriately and guided him smoothly into the dancers with an easy waltz, since it was the only one John knew. He couldn’t look away from blue eyes as they stepped and turned, relaxing into this unusual way of moving together with only a few trodden toes on John’s part as he remembered how it went. This moment, here and now – this would be jewel of his mind palace, Sherlock determined. This was the pinnacle of sentiment for him, holding his dearest person in the world and dancing as if there was nothing else but they two.
After returning Clara to his tipsy sister, he went over and asked Marjorie to dance. She accepted with a blush on her cheeks and a slightly giddy smile. He swung her out onto the dance floor with a gentle tug on her hand. “You’ve been staring at me all night,” he said reproachfully.
“And you have the whole femur intact? But removed the fibula and tibia? Or are there portions of them remaining?”
“Er, yeah, okay. I’m rubbish with these things, always have been.”
John gazed a moment longer, caught by the beauty of the understated expression on his friend’s face. A particularly loud bang of spoon against tray snapped him out of it, and he turned to gather his child out of the chair. “Yes, it’s me, lovey. Have you been good for Amina and Sherlock while I was away?” He picked her up and clasped her close, uncaring of the bits of food stuck to her clothes. Rosie grinned widely and made a grab for John’s nose, as she always did when he picked her up. He laughed and peppered loud smacking kisses on her pink cheeks.
“That’s okay. Not that hungry, I guess.” John replied.
“What the hell happened to you?” Amina asked forthrightly, though also careful not to wake a supposedly sleeping John, “Did you get on the wrong side of a criminal?”
A moment passed, and then the mattress at his side dipped; Sherlock perching there with Rosie in one arm, the other coming around to pull him against Sherlock’s warm chest, slipping up his spine to curl around the nape of his neck. Rosie chirped and snuggled in close, her colorful plastic keys clacking.
“Sherlock,” John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose in two fingers and rubbing, “How about you settle down a bit?”
“She had an arranged day with Mrs. Hudson that I didn’t know about. I’m to collect her after teatime,” Sherlock said. “I had hoped we could spend the afternoon here, but Mrs. Hudson has ‘plans,’ apparently.” his aggrieved tone was mostly put on, but John could tell he was a little anxious.
“Second or third tier, on the corner closest to the body,” John replied easily. “Second, for preference; less total distance, and less to climb.” While his rather limited sniper experience was several years out of date, the skills remained and the wide open shot corridor was as plain as day to him. He shared a grin with Sherlock over his glib answer. They arrived at the structure, where iron girders were bolted to massive concrete columns in regular ranks. Overhead, crossbeams loomed, throwing geometric shadows on the ground at their feet. “So, how do we get up there?” he asked gamely.
“I had it under control! Christ, I could have killed you!”
John rather enjoyed the cooking, and hated doing the washing up, so it all worked out.
Sherlock let out a breath he had been holding for far too long. He sucked in air as all around him the room erupted with whistles, cheers, and thunderous applause; the crowd had gone utterly wild for Lady Grey tonight. The lights came back up, and the performers for the first act of the show came out to take their bows. Lady Grey, striding effortlessly in her towering heels, acknowledged the standing ovation and shouts of approbation with her usual flair, waving into the crowd and puckering smooches at her especial favorites. After a moment, while she stepped forward with a murmured word to accept a bouquet from a stage hand by the footlights, she looked over at Sherlock to send him a lascivious wink and a blown, deep maroon-colored kiss. Sherlock mimed catching it and returned his own, entirely unselfconscious in this moment of connection with his lover, his amazement and admiration written plainly on his face. Dear god, how he adored John!
That was the night, that was the
Sherlock dropped the atomizer in his pocket and knelt down to John, helping him to sit up, leaning him against Sherlock’s wiry strength. He looked groggily at Marjorie on the ground before him. “Sherlock,” he said, brow furrowed with concentration, “Didjoo just punch a girl?”
John bristled defensively. “What? No, no, of course not. What people do together is none of my business, as long as it doesn’t land them in my surgery.” He was disconcerted by the very direct tone of the question.
“Irene, my dear one, my honey pie, my little cabbage,” Lady Grey replied with an innocent smile, “how can I resist these sweets,” and she shot Sherlock a smoldering pout, “after weeks without? Now, you must admit that new song went well, even with the costume changes and the heels of death you insisted I try to stab Marco with by standing on him.” Grey’s mellow voice, so like and unlike John’s, made the words sound like music to Sherlock’s ears, and the hint of exasperation underneath the statement let him know that John was as anxious to move on to the reunion part of the evening as Sherlock himself was.
“Sherlock!” John threw the paper down on the floor. “Why don't you take a walk, or a bath, or do something! Relax! I'm getting tense just sitting in the same room with you."
“It’s fine. Haven’t felt a twinge since yesterday, and Amina gave me some Arnica cream to put on the bruises.”
One night as John was emptying out his pockets after a shift at the surgery, he noticed the little bowl where he stowed the bits and bobs of a doctor’s day that might be risky for little hands to get hold of was rather full. He dumped it out on the bed, surprised to realize he had all sorts of things in there: the odd button, spare plasters, more than one loose bullet for his gun, a few cough lozenges in battered wrappers. Also there were half-used packets of anti-nausea tablets and free trial packs of painkillers the big pharma companies would give to clinics to encourage later prescriptions.
John shied away from examining that idea further; a habit that had been with him for years, now. Looking too closely at what lay between him and Sherlock was not something he ever did, ever even wondered about. It just wouldn’t do to pay attention to that, it made his insides feel... weird. It always had.
John’s door swung shut and left a ringing silence in its wake. John and Sherlock regarded each other without speaking; Sherlock scanning his friend with his customary laser-like gaze, John doing his best to remain placid and blank in an effort to hide the churning thoughts and emotions that had driven him to run off his panic in the darkened garden.
As a boy, he had played with a slingshot, made from rubber bands and a forked stick he’d found somewhere, after reading about one in an issue of Boy’s Life or some such rubbish an elderly aunt had given him. His interest had lasted about a week, as it became clear that shooting accurately with the thing was almost impossible. Not only couldn’t he hit the cans he’d lined up on an old concrete barrier in a disused lot near his family’s flat, he couldn’t even hit the barrier. The pebbles he shot went off to god knows where.
At that moment the door to the back room opened and Gary-aka-Spike entered again. Davies called over his shoulder “Gary, did you hear? Someone’s killed that slag of yours, Amanda.”
“Well and good; there’s a little path up here on the left, just take that and we’ll walk back.” Duck continued his jog right up to the indicated path.
“As I’ll ever be,” John said through a long sigh. “Gotta get back on the horse, right?”
Lithe arms unwrapped from around John’s torso as Sherlock lifted his head and leaned back to peer down. “John? Are you all right?” Crinkles of concern furrowed his brow and he scanned over John’s face. “You have become increasingly tense in the last few minutes.”
John shivered as the cool of the room seeped into his front where Sherlock had warmed him. He peered up and met Sherlock’s eyes in one of those shared moments where it seemed neither could look away. The silence stretched between them.
John blinked a few times. “Has that happened to you before?”
He sent a text to John – ‘Awake. Come if convenient.’ – and finished doing up the buttons on his deep teal dress shirt before slipping on a black suit jacket. After taking one last look in the mirror, he unbuttoned one more at his neck, exposing a vee of pale skin. That should do it. The hotel room featured a little sitting area next to the enormous bed, so Sherlock chose a seat with a view of the door to wait for his (pretend) boyfriend, fingers steepled against his lips.
She leaned back against the console of the motorcycle, languidly draping her arms along the handlebars as the dancer leaned in to mouth at her collarbones and the platform rotated them away. Sherlock resettled in his chair once more, and vowed to erase any and all traces of the silver-haired Lothario who dared put his lips on - even near - his lover’s skin, when he next had John in his bed. Which would need to be soon, or he might do himself an injury.
“I have two requirements if I am to pose as your partner at this wedding,” he said imperiously.
“John, I think you should seriously consider an antidepressant regime, while you’re in care, certainly, and also afterward when you go home.”
John had been in hospital for less than two days and most of that asleep, and he was already getting a little stir-crazy.
The next few days passed in a fugue of sensation, elation, and despondency for Sherlock. Elation that John seemed willing to ‘practice’ as much as Sherlock wished; his initial hesitancy growing less as they became accustomed to casual touches during their usual routine. A pat on the hip as they moved around each other, or stroking fingers as tea or a plate of toast was passed one to the other, or ushering one through a door with a hand to the small of the back. Sherlock fervently catalogued all the instances in his mind palace, marking a few themes as he went.
Sherlock hopped back to his chair with alacrity, color high on his cheeks. He fussed over Rosie, making faces to distract her, and started gathering up the inevitable litter of a small child: toys, a stray sock, thick-paged brightly colored books. “Yes, well, it’s fine, John, not to worry. I’ll just get her back to Amina.”
“Fine,” Sherlock replied, giving John his usual top-to-toe survey. His gaze snagged on John’s chest, and his brow furrowed, followed by a short series of confused blinks. “John,” he continued after a moment, “why don’t you shave for me?”
- And enough to wake him up. His shoulder screamed at him, cramped and throbbing, and he stifled a shout by clenching his jaw until his teeth creaked. Then be began the ritual breathing of deep inhales through his nose, followed by long, steady exhales through his mouth, trying to blow out the leaden terror in his belly.
Sherlock reached over and grasped John’s forearm where it lay on the mattress. “You’d do the same, in my place, I have no doubt.” His brief, genuine smile showed again for an instant, and John felt a warm clench in his chest, followed by inevitable guilt.
Sherlock fumbled for his glass as he sank back into his chair, and downed the last of the scotch. How had John contrived to slip the note to the stagehand without him noticing? The paper was faintly damp and when he sniffed it, he smelled the Lady’s perfume - but also John’s own sweat. His lover had carried this note, somehow, some
John knew he really had been not gay, never felt a hint of interest in anyone other than women in his entire life. Until his fascination with Sherlock, which he had assumed was just the strongest friendship he had ever had, revealed this unexpected wrinkle. Only Sherlock, in four-plus decades of living with three decades of that spent actively exercising his sexuality toward women and not ever allowing a hint of interest in men to enter his head. Only Sherlock. And he’d buried it; tamped it down; convinced himself it wasn’t how he felt, for whatever reasons he could pile up against it in his mind. Until he’d been brought as low as he’d ever been and couldn’t have any more walls up to hide it from himself.
Sherlock finished his own dressing: smoothing his product-tamed curls behind his ears one more time, straightening the collar of his aubergine dress shirt, settling his suit jacket and doing up the one button. Ties were for tuxedoes or other people; he wouldn’t be wearing one that day. He glanced at John in the mirror again, and saw him gazing into space while he fiddled with the lovely sapphire tie that so enhanced his eyes.
John straightened as if slapped, as Sherlock had intended. He began to protest that he was not having a crisis, thank you very much, when the rest of the actual words penetrated. “She’s – they’re here? Oh, okay,” he looked around the room while running a hand through his hair, tousling it rakishly (probably not what he intended) and tugged the hem of his jumper down. “Right. Well then, we’ll let them get in and then we’ll… make the introductions.” He took Sherlock’s hand and guided him very gently from behind their inadequate screening. “Would you like a drink?” he asked carefully, avoiding Sherlock’s gaze.
John looked out over the site, revolving on his toes to see the whole surrounding area. The hulking ironwork caught his eye as the clearest line of sight, but it seemed terribly exposed. He said as much to Sherlock, who strode purposefully in that direction before he had finished speaking. John hurried to catch up to him, cursing his shorter stride. “Oi! Wait up, there!”
~~END~~
“Not a thing.” John said, eyeing his friend keenly, a smile spreading over his face.
Sherlock nodded soberly. “John - I do, too. I’ve wanted this for ages, I think.”
John’s mouth pulled away only to move along his jawline, tasting and latching, then down to the thin skin below his ear, where he settled to sweep gentle lips across the sensitive stretch with the ghost of a moan, barely audible even so close. Sherlock sucked in air, rediscovering the need for oxygen. John’s compact body stepped into him a bit more, insinuating a sturdy thigh between his long legs. Sherlock was overwhelmed with awareness of every point where John’s body touched him, especially the firm pressure on his groin and at his throat. His senses were reaching overload, and started to blur when John laved a wet area by his Adam’s apple and nipped with the faintest hint of teeth; Sherlock’s head tipped back and he whispered “John…
He silently shook his head again.
~~oOo~~
His opponent bucked like a wild horse, trying to shake John off and keep fighting. John managed to take Spike with a vicious uppercut to the chin, slamming his head back and cracking it audibly against the unforgiving floor. Spike went limp, dazed by the thumps to his skull. John rolled him over and knelt on his back to keep him down while he looked frantically around for Sherlock.
Sherlock Holmes was counting his blessings. He lay on the sofa in his warm, comfortable flat on Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson had finally chattered her way back downstairs after dropping off his midmorning tea, and despite not finding a single case worth his time this entire week, Sherlock was not yet bored today. With a small half smile, he acknowledged how entirely unlike him that was.
“Well,” Sherlock said affably after a bit, patting John’s hand then letting go, “shall we head back to your room? I assume you’ll want to forego dessert since the scintillating choices you have are mass-produced jam roly-poly, or green jelly with fruit in. Mmmm!” His dramatically wide-eyed, lip-smacking tummy-rubbing made John smirk despite himself.
"You stopped. Why did you stop? Are we done? Did it work?" John blinked and shook his head, breathing raggedly. He met Sherlock's piercing gaze briefly, looked away.
John didn’t know where it came from, but he turned, stepped forward, and wrapped his arms around his friend’s rangy body, pressing his cheek to a knobby collarbone. “I’m sorry,” he said, somewhat muffled by his mashed position, “I’m sorry I did this to you. Made you have to go through this, feel all this. It’s not fair to you, and you’ve been so...” the words ran out, so he squeezed his arms tighter around the man he was - yes, he was hugging Sherlock Holmes.
Duck snorted his agreement. “John, I don’t think you should be worried about having been ‘repressed your whole life,’” his air quotes used all five fingers, like goofy claws, “sexuality can be fluid. Yes, it’s possible that you had been avoiding this realization; people do successfully repress things for remarkably long times sometimes. But it’s also possible that you’re almost entirely oriented toward women and there’s just one or two men out there who you might ever be attracted to, and it’s taken this long to meet them or to recognize that potential. So, what do you want to do about it?”
John dropped his face into his free hand for a moment, then looked up with a half-smile Sherlock found utterly adorable (though he would never say so out loud.) “You’re mad, you know that?” And, dropping the package of underpants in his chair, he stepped forward to embrace his friend.
Sherlock opened for him inelegantly, awash in competing sensations of the hand in his hair, the supple friction of kissing, the growing hardness pressed against his hip. John’s tongue slipped in and stroked his tongue lightly, teasingly, encouraging Sherlock to reciprocate. John’s leg drew forward to press the bed between Sherlock’s legs, pressing their bodies more fully together. Sherlock could feel John’s erection against his hip and his own pressing into John’s thigh. His abdominals tensed, pressing him harder against John’s solid muscle, and he breathed out a faint moan. Dear God, that felt… he did it again. Oh…
John blew out an irritated breath. “Well, I guess we can call that a result.” He scrubbed a hand through his hair. “I didn’t expect the homophobia, though. She was always fine with my sister, after all.”
he thought, hearing her chattering to Rosie and the coos and shrieks from the baby.
John stepped gingerly toward him, brows drawing down as he tried to figure out how to do as he was asked. “Where, then?”
“Oh, thanks a lot. Like I said, I was young. I wouldn’t be a doctor for another few months, hadn’t been in the Army at all. I learned better.” John’s one-fingered salute lacked conviction, but he made the effort. “Anyhow, it seemed to calm her down, and I didn’t think much of it. I didn’t see her again for at least a year while I trained up, not until Harry’s wedding. She seemed a little fixated on me there, so I asked her to dance to see what was up. She remembered my stupid drunk promise and seemed to just be waiting until she turned forty. I talked her out of it, and she went on her way. We lost touch after I was deployed, I didn’t even try to get leave to go to her wedding when it happened during my second tour. Had hardly heard from her until lately, with Stephen’s wedding coming up and her husband passing. Now she’s emailing a few times a week, asking all about my life, gushing about the blog. Wanting to catch up, and she keeps mentioning her birthday – her fortieth. It seemed a bit odd, that, so…” John trailed off, obviously ill at ease with this part of the story. Silence fell while John’s face flushed a deep red, and he began to speak only to stop, then repeat the whole business again.
“Where is your sister?” He demanded, grabbing Stephen by the arm and shaking him. “It’s important that I find her right now. Where did she go?”
He left the room chuckling, and hurried to catch up his friend.
Lady Grey reclaimed her hand long enough to tuck it into Sherlock’s elbow and they took a moment to lean together and breathe. In the tall heels she was wearing, she was much closer to his height. It was novel. “Hello,” she murmured in his ear. “You utter bastard, you look good enough to eat in that outfit.”
Sherlock had not stopped his monologue disparaging their victim. “Just look at him, the man is built like a side of beef, all craggy eyebrows and tree-trunk legs and grapefruit biceps. It’s a wonder he can turn his head at all, his neck is so thick.” He was watching John out of the corner of his eye now, a sly curve to the line of his lips. John felt his composure slipping, his restrained chuckles threatening to break out into full on laughter. “No signs of keen intelligence, though. He probably has a nickname like ‘Brick’ or ‘Concrete Romano’ or ‘Bag of Hammers Luca’ and thinks it’s a compliment.”
Sherlock looked up from his screen, the bluish light tingeing his skin with an ethereal glow, and pursed his lips again while considering his answer. “I’m looking at my email, John,” he said, as though he wondered if John had sustained a previously unrecognized head injury, given that John had missed something so obvious.
The Alpha hugs Sherlock to him, kissing him. “I’m so sorry, I never smelled it, I couldn’t tell. If I’d have known I would have done this differently.” He apologizes.
John looks up at the detective. “Didn’t he?” The Alpha’s whole theory has fallen apart and Sherlock always knew that wasn’t it. Too many steps ahead, while John is lagging behind. So much for giving little courting gifts of interesting theories.
“I don’t think I could go another round but I do like this feeling. Though it looks like I’ve gotten you all messy.” John removes his knot a final time and shifts down on the bed. He bends down and licks over one of Sherlock’s cheeks where he’s smeared some of his own cum. His habit of tasting himself back.
over, too. We’ve heard nothing from the bomber.” John is hopeful, yet it hasn’t really been that long. The bomber has to know they’re running on very little sleep at this point.
“Only if he agrees.” John says, but Sherlock has already drifted off. Like father like son, John thinks.
“Yeah. I know you will. I love you dad.” Iris smiles and Sherlock can’t help but smile back. His pup has always been incredibly smart and calm in almost any situation, minus the few attempts on his life. He should have known Iris would be just as calm in this moment, even when he knows he won’t be mentally there for the experience.
Jim laughs in delight, causing Sherlock’s eyes to widen as the strange and unexpected behavior. “Good!
.” Sherlock says it so quietly that had he been moving he wouldn’t have heard it. The needy whine to his voice is like music to John ears, letting him know he has the Omega’s full attention. Sherlock might not want the break but the Alpha knows when he needs to be fast and when to be slow, the highs and lows will keep Sherlock on edge and make it even better than if he were to simply fuck him all at once.
Iris sits back in John’s chair, getting back to the gossip website.  He feels really happy with his decision to switch careers. He will still always love engineering and it could even come in handy one day for a case. Who knows?
“Please…
-----
“Why did you lie to her?” John questions as they duck under the police tape.
“Six.” John turns back around and comes to the group.
“I know you will. You’re our good Alpha.” Sherlock smiles and John chuckles a bit, the mood lightened until Iris whimpers as his body trembles.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone.
“No, he coated it onto the paws of her cat. It’s a new pet – bound to be a bit jumpy around her. A scratch is almost inevitable. She wouldn’t have ...”
The Alpha seems surprised, yet pleased to see them with a small smile, or at least as pleased as John’s ever seen him, which considering the Alpha’s generally neutral expression, isn’t saying much. Lestrade goes on about the case, as John sits drinking it in and Sherlock paces about the office.
“In his late thirties, I’d say. Not in the best condition.” Iris is now looking down listening intently at what John has to say.
With the King and first-born gone to war, power over the Kingdom has fallen to John’s hands as well as the young second born son, Sherlock who sits silently at his side in John’s normal position beside the King. Despite being an Omega, who would normally never be let into a war room, the teenager is intelligent and has picked up on all topics he will need for when he becomes Chief minister to his older brother. The King was determined that Sherlock would stay in his lands, not allowing his son to be bartered off as a mate for land or political reasons. John had been overseeing the young one’s training, bringing him to every meeting, teaching him everything he could for a few years now.
Jim walks silently toward them, positioning himself to stand directly over the bomb. “Sorry. Wrong day to die.”
“I could do this for the rest of my life.” John says, pushing his knot into Sherlock and grinding before pulling out again with a little pop. He pushes Sherlock’s butt cheeks together to tighten the pressure and he groans as he slides his knot back in.
“Hmm.” Sherlock says never taking his eyes off the screen.
touch him here. The thought makes him rumble in his chest as he lets out a fresh way of musky Alpha scent.
“Well good news, you don’t have to court me anymore, you already succeeded. You gave me food, protected me from bad guys, and did all the things I asked of you.” The detective lays everything out, like this was a case. “I never thought I would say this before I met you, but I accept your courting, I want to be
“Perhaps.” Sherlock smiles as he says it.
“Yeah. Yeah. I’m fine.” John says. His adrenaline was high and now that it’s coming down it’s like he’s slowed down to a crawl, barely giving an answer and unable to help as Sherlock grabs at the coat. “Sherlock.” The detective ignores him, breathing rapidly as he pulls on the jacket for the last time, ripping the bomb off of the Alpha and sliding it across the floor away from them. “Sherlock!”
“I know you like playing with your pup. Don’t you wish you could fuck him like I just did? Bet you’ll like watching me knot your pup just for you.” He says, not stopping his hips for a single moment, driving himself deep into Sherlock with each thrust. “Maybe next time I can watch
going back there even if he desperately needed more, no chance. His thoughts wonder into darker avenues as he realizes he could always take his gun to himself like he originally thought. ‘Sherlock would find that too boring though, should at least make it interesting.’ He tells himself as he scrambles the eggs. He could try to make it look like a staged suicide so Sherlock would have to figure out that it was just John all along. Probably find that boring too. Need to find something good that would keep the detective occupied for a while. Maybe rent a hot air balloon and hang himself from it before crashing it into Buckingham Palace, make it seem like a political statement about military veterans.
good for me. Going to be good to you.” Sherlock’s body gushes out more delicious slick when John pulls out and the slide is just that much easier, letting the Alpha know his Omega is indeed fully ready for him. John sets a brutal pace then, no longer holding his Alpha back as he growls. “
John sets his jaw tight. Sherlock is calling him out for his behavior, strangely at a time when he should be thinking of the case, not that there are any clues yet for him to analyze. He takes a few calming breaths and thinks before answers. “You are correct.
“Eight.” The little boy's voice calls.
“Ten.” A young boy's voice rings out through the empty room. Sherlock spins around going back to the painting. But the two Alpha’s freeze for a moment.
a sight he is. With everything gone he is all pale skin and lithe figure, beautiful like an ancient marble statue all laid out just for him. John tries not to stare too long, aware that Sherlock’s heat will begin hurting if he takes too long, but he can’t help himself, he’s been desperate to see this for so long.
Please enjoy the second chapter.
“I don’t know which it you want to talk about. The case or
Alpha.”  Sherlock says breathlessly, his breathing already picking up at John’s words. Anticipating the next mating.
John chucks his tea cup onto the table, tea spilling out across the messy surface. “There are lives at stake, Sherlock – actual
“Hmm.”
“You seem more pleased than I thought you would be.” John comments, then thinks himself stupid for it. He shouldn’t bring up Sherlock’s previous jealously issues after fucking his son.
Everything seems slow and relaxed now, Iris’s body temperature goes down and the teen can be heard lightly snoring. The mated pair share a look and a giggle at Iris’s expense. The poor teen is clearly exhausted from everything that’s happened and they both lay still so as not to disturb him.
As his knot continues to inflate John can’t thrust as deep into the Prince. He can feel the teen clenching down, his body trying to stimulate the Alpha further, trying to draw him into knotting them together, locking them in that sweet embrace.
“I suppose.” John says, leaning over the body to see the cut on her hand.
“Wait, it’s over already, am I not a virgin anymore?” Iris isn’t sure if he should be hopeful it’s over or disappointed that he doesn’t remember it. He tries to concentrate on his lower half, but he doesn’t feel any pain like his dad has described that a knotting should bring.
“Good Samaritan.” Sherlock says over his shoulder, just turning enough to acknowledge that Lestrade is close to him. Then tries to walk forward again. Up close he can smell Lestrade’s annoyed smell, the natural leather smelling burnt almost. He’s never been tempted by the Alpha’s scent, the man is merely a colleague, but the annoyed smell does get to him sometimes, making him want to run away, still skittish around Alphas after all these years. Even this one that he really does trust with his life.
John tisks above him, rumbling out his next words. “I thought you were going to be a good little Prince for me. Good little princes don’t grab their Alphas, now
cock. He keeps himself in the air and let’s Sherlock do it again, the Omega letting himself fall down onto the pillow before he tightens his abs and lifts himself back up, once again getting filled and stretched. John doesn’t let him go back down, instead gripping the Omega in one arm, which easily wraps around his thin hips, suspending him in the air keeping him plugged full.
Before John can even sit down, the pink phone is ringing and the detective scoops it up. He gets back and Sherlock gives him a worried look as he sits back down.
“Lick me clean.” John demands, letting his Alpha dominance bleed into his words.
hole, I want to see if it’s worthy of my cock.” The Prince hesitates to try to think before shyly taking his hands off the table and cupping both of his soft perfect round ass cheeks and lightly spreading them. He can hear John rumble a small pleased noise and it spurs the Omega inside him, wanting to please the Alpha, he bends a little more over the table, and gets onto his tiptoes to present himself higher. He can feel slick sliding down his thighs and dripping off his balls, his cock hanging between his legs, dribbling precum down onto the floor. It must be an erotic scene because the Alpha groans and the next second there is a strong body pressed up against him, pushing his prominent hip bones into the wood of the table.
now. Iris said you helped him — helped him when he woke up under the spell of the false heat. You treated him respectfully as you could and took care of him after, when he was confused.” John nods. He could have never left Iris there alone to clean himself up but he cares too much about the pup to leave him like that.
The detective sits down, settling the pink phone beside him on the chair before rummaging around for the remote. The sitting room is still torn apart, boards over the windows but at least all the glass has been picked up by Iris. The kettle decides to finally start simmering as John hears the television click on and Sherlock scrolls through a few of the different news channels but he must not find anything because he picks one and stares instead at the wall. His one foot slowly moves up and down, showing his restlessness. He’s anxious for the bomber to give them their next task.
“No, no, no,
Taking the Prince’s hips in his hands he lifts him just a bit further up and onto the table, bending him fully and not letting his feet touch the floor. Sherlock flails his legs, trying to find the floor but he can’t feel anything even with his feet flexed as far as they will go. It’s the final bit of control John can take away from the boy, putting the Omega fully at his mercy.
As John continues rubbing over Sherlock’s body, he moves his way down and finds the bump of his cum, which he can feel through the Omega’s stomach. He rubs over it repeatedly, humming out pleased noises as he releases more scent into the air, which smells different even to himself now that he’s mated. It’s a completely territorial response, laying claim over his mate so that no one would dare question that
“You’ll be so pretty sitting there, imagine yourself pregnant with my pups, sitting stuffed full of my knot, the
The door opens just a bit and Moriarty’s voice can be heard, sing song once again: “No you won’t!” before it closes a final time.
John has never heard Sherlock beg for anything, but after losing the last hostage he can understand that it might be what’s needed to save this one, even if he’s still unsure if the pleading is because he cares about the captive or if he just wants to solve the case. They don’t even know if a hostage is part of this challenge, as the bomber hasn’t called with a new voice, switching up his tactics. Trying to throw them off the trail.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice is deep as he addresses the Alpha.
he’s not the boy’s father!” Iris giggles from the side, clearly being entertained more by his own father’s antics than the show itself.
“You are. Queen and country.” Sherlock says it in the bored tone but John knows he’s mocking him.
!” Lestrade says horrified looking toward John.
“Alright Baby, it’s okay. We’re going to have you feeling all better.” John focuses back to the task at hand. Normally, he would have killed to have both the Omegas, but with the pup in such a bad state and without his full permission it feels a little off. But if he knows Iris, the Omega will be perfectly okay with what’s about to happen because he knows they did it to take care of him.
John gives him a few more kisses, peppering his face with light little pecks. He soothes his hands up and down the Omega’s sides, letting him relax as he tries to process everything that just happened. It’s completely normal for Omegas to loose themselves to heat, it’s up to the Alpha to take care of them and while Sherlock is in this vulnerable state of post heat and bond, his senses are on full alert. But all seems quiet in the flat as they lay together, basking in the glow of their bonding.
“Sorry what?” John finally manages to say.
“Turn around.” He growls, baring his teeth, Alpha pheromones pouring out of him.
John finishes making his tea and sits down in his chair, patting his union jack pillow before settling in. A few sips later and the news on the television goes to a live report about a ‘gas explosion’. The three of them watch on as the video of a building partially blown apart comes across the screen, images of rubble like what was outside their own flat only a few days ago shows that their bomber is serious.
John can tell he slipped up thinking about what happened at the clinic because Iris comes over to him concerned. The young Omega had been in the kitchen reviewing information right beside Sherlock and John had smiled as he watched them and left them to their devices earlier. The Alpha is sure now that the two have at least talked, that Sherlock followed what he said and is now only angry with him, having forgave Iris. Not that he should be forgiving anyone for anything.
Together they float in the void as their scents begin to change, their bodies adjusting to the new normal that is their bond. Alpha and Omega together in a bond only they can share, one that will change them both are more levels than they realize.
Adding a third finger into the pure heat of the detective’s body, John lowers himself eye to shaft with Sherlock’s erection. It’s smaller than his own but long like the Omega, pale and smooth with a pretty pink head. He wastes only a moment before he flattens his tongue against the base and licks a broad stripe right up the front. He quickly has to use his free hand to hold down Sherlock’s hips as they buck up, desperate to get more.
Sherlock nods his head in agreement and takes a deep breath before turning around and walking back up the stairs. John follows slowly, making sure as he smells the scent heavier in the air that his Alpha isn’t reacting. When they step into the room, Sherlock makes his way quickly to the bed but John hesitates in the doorway. The room is full of virgin Omega scent, Iris’s new flowery smell heavy in the air. He takes a moment to breathe it in as Sherlock gets onto the bed and begins petting Iris’s head, making soft cooing noises at his pup. The smell is surprisingly delicate for how much it fills the room. It reminds him of spring. Whereas Sherlock’s meadow grass scent is the warmth in contrast to the cool of his own pine scent, Iris is the perfect balance between the two. The scent is like that of the little white flowers scattered in fields of long grass, the kind that when you try to smell them they have no scent, but when the warm breeze picks up your nose is delightfully filled with only their essence.
“Must be a root canal.” Sherlock says and Iris beside him smiles knowingly.
“Ready, Love?” John growls out, kissing the detective’s cheek and down his jawline.
John sits there, watching as the Prince leaks the Alpha’s cum, a pool of it gathering on the floor as the Omega kneels, his small cock soft and pretty between his legs. John’s knot may have gone down enough to unlock them, but his erection still stands proud and hard in front of Sherlock’s face.
“Yeah.” John nods. Knows this is the moment he needs to pay attention to because Sherlock is guiding him toward the answer.
like what you said, what
Underneath him, Sherlock is a mess. A light sheen of sweat covers his limbs and he wishes his covers we’re softer, the fabric sticking to him uncomfortably. He’s panting heavily and he can’t remember a time he’s felt this kind of pleasure, his whole body ready for even more as this wonderful Alpha takes care of him. The scent in the room has become a full mixture of his own light meadow grass and John’s dark pine, it’s musky and earthy and he wants to forever be drenched in it.
“Fine. Just worried about the women. Feeling a little useless at the moment.” He hasn’t ever lied to Iris, not until this moment, not until he felt that everything he did at the clinic this morning needed to be hidden. It isn’t something that the Omegas need to know about, it just needs to fall to the past now, needs to die. John will take in all the hurt his Alpha causes, won’t let them see that he’s weak.
(See the end of the chapter for
The detective bites his bottom lip when he sees how John is looking at him, eyes becoming dark and hooded, a promise of pleasure written all over his face. He’s never felt more sure about something than he is at this very moment, that this decision with be one of the biggest he makes in his life.
Heyo everyone. I want to start off by thanking everyone for their patience for the chapter taking so long. I don't want to get into too many details but holidays are a big sore spot for me. So most of December and the beginning of January kind of slid by as I tried my best to smile and laugh at all the family gatherings and my work only gives Christmas day off, so I had to work new years day. Plus my car broke down, fun fun all around. But that doesn't mean I haven't been working on the story, I refuse give up ever, I have too many other stories that need to be written and I'm not allowed to start them until this one is complete!
be a connection.” Sherlock paces back and forth in front of the data map they made, while Iris sits reading a Connie Prince fan website, trying to get all the gossip he can. Lestrade is putting out a calming Alpha scent without realizing it, hoping it will help the frantic detective, though all it does is end up annoying them both. Iris can tell even at this distance that it’s actually doing more harm than good because it’s masking John’s pine forest scent, almost bordering on erasing it. It doesn’t matter that the courting process between the two has stalled, this is also John’s territory and another Alpha putting his scent here even unintentionally is making the Omegas a little anxious.
“A-Allll-PHA!” He yells, then hiccups as tears of pleasure start to fall from his eyes. Sherlock kisses the side of his face and whispers to him, but John isn’t paying attention, too focused on pounding into the virgin’s hole, taking everything he can, hitting that spot over and over, pulling moan after strangled moan from Iris’s lips. The little teen tries to talk but the words are too garbled together, not making any sense as he blabbers. Even if he could have said something the Alpha wouldn’t have heard him, too entranced by the feeling of Iris’s rim starting to stretch around his knot. He’s as big as he’ll get outside of an Omega and he can not longer give the long strokes like he had been doing.
“Eight, ten days, maybe.”
“JOHN! JOOOHNN” Sherlock shrieks, his voice scared like John’s never heard before. The Alpha’s blood runs cold as he takes off running to his room, Alpha instincts driving him to protect his distressed mate. He doesn’t know what he’ll find but it doesn’t matter, he needs to be there.
Sherlock is good at ignoring scents which comes in handy as he keeps his face schooled, even as the scent assaults his senses. “Will caring about them help save them?”
“I didn’t want to.” John stares at him, hurt in his eyes. It had killed him inside to touch other Omegas the way he wanted to do with Sherlock. He had only gone so far, barely touched them beyond what was required and he still felt guilty even for that much.
Sherlock moans loudly, the sound vibrating off the stone walls of the war chamber, likely the first time these walls will have been witness to a mating. Once they are finished the room will smell of their coupling for days, the Alphas will come back in the morning and know exactly what they had missed out on.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, I’m not stopping.” John says, his voice low and teasing before he sucks on the gland again.
John stands stunned for several moments, the kiss completely unexpected and confusing to the say the least. He finally closes the door when reality sets back in as a shiver runs up his spine. It’s bloody cold but now he has his comforter and it smells like Sherlock and Iris. It’s probably the best thing he’s ever been given and instead of laying it on top of the sheet he just immediately rolls himself into a burrito, wrapping the entire thing around him in one swift motion. The smell of it washes away all the pain and hurt of Jeremy and lets him focus back on the two Omegas he has a real connection with, the ones he wants to be with.
“Raoul, the houseboy. He came into the Prince’s lives a few years ago. Didn’t you find it strange that the Prince’s were both unmarried and living together in the same home?” John stops in his tracks and Sherlock stops in front of him, turning around as John looks hard at the ground.
‘Congratulations to Ian Monkford on his relocation to Columbia.’ Sherlock types into the computer. They’d been all around over the last few hours. To the company Janus Cars who rented the car to ‘victim’, then Sherlock to the lab to do some testing, while John went to a local cafe for a quick meal which he inhaled, before giving the final findings to Lestrade at the station. Now finally back at home and the mystery solved, they sit around the table, telling Iris what’s been happening. The little Omega soaking it all in, his attention never wavering.
The whole room smells like Lestrade and it’s pissing him off more than it should because it’s bringing back everything that happened at the Clinic. He thought he could try to get over it quickly, but it pops back into his head every time he smells the leather. He twists off the top of the bottle and has a long swig, the cool liquid adding to the ice in his heart.
“Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket ...” The man says, head down as he walks along the side of the pool. “Or are you just pleased to see me?”  The euphemism doesn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock but he doesn’t let the disgust show on his face.
Sherlock goes up to the painting, not quite touching it, but points to a star in the sky. “The Van Buren Supernova, so-called. Exploding star, only appeared in the sky in eighteen fifty-eight.” He holds his phone up for the curator lady to see, then walks away.
John waits a moment, he knows he could catch the detective if he wanted to normally, but right now he’s fully erect, bulge tight against the front of his trousers and that is going to make it a little more difficult to run. He takes some calming breathes and rearranges himself so he doesn’t chaff off his dick in the next few minutes. He sniffs the air, picking up on the smell of Sherlock’s scent and takes off after the detective, on the hunt for his soon to be mate.
“Then I’ll continue not to make that mistake.” Sherlock stares the Alpha down, not afraid of John, knowing that he won’t actually hurt them.
“Mated Alphas are not as heavily affected by the scents of other Omegas even if the Omega is in a full heat.” Sherlock’s voice is steady. John can feel his mate wipe the tears off his face and onto his shoulder. “The Alpha’s body no longer produces the chemical that makes them susceptible to an Omega’s heat unless it’s their own mate because they are no longer searching for a bond.” John smiles into Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezes him in the hug.
John wakes up early to shower off Iris’s scent and dress properly for the day. He has a funny feeling that the day is going to be eventful, maybe because of the scenting and Sherlock potentially being really upset but definitely because of the bomber. A cream colored sweater is the first thing he sees in his closet and he instantly puts it on, loving the comfort and warmth his sweater brings him. When he gets down stairs he discovers Iris sitting in his pajamas, wrapped in a blanket and eating cereal in the spot they had scented last night. Iris still smells heavily of him and John can’t help but smile. He puts his hand on top of Iris’s curls and ruffles them around playfully, leaving several fluffy bits standing straight up. Iris giggles and bats his hand away.
“It’s okay Baby, I’m right here.” John says lightly making Sherlock’s heart melt at the pet name John calls his pup. The Omega likes that John calls them different things. The way that he called him Love had comforted him and he’s sure Iris will feel the same.
“You can’t just ignore it.” John states.
That is until later that evening when John receives a call. He recognizes the number as the breeding clinic. He considers not answering it, but then decides against it as he hadn’t given them an official no to his future services and he could get it out of the way now, or schedule a time to come down and fill out the paperwork.
“We should ah… have that talk you know. The one you…the one you, um wanted to have. It would be…ah….good.” Sherlock’s brain had been running on the high of the chase and he had thought everything would turn out fine in the end. They had had their recent scare with the Chinese gang, they couldn’t possibly be in that much danger so quickly again, right? But they had been and this showed him just how much the Alpha cared for him and what he was willing to do for them. They need to patch this thing they had going back up and he has a bad but oh so good idea forming in his head.
“Hmmm. Did someone get excited watching their pup get knotted for the first time?” John taunts Sherlock.
Moriarty's serum induces something similar to a false heat and the Omega's body doesn't have time to release an egg like they normally would in preheat. It's like a more intense version of the heat run that Sherlock willfully induced on himself.
“But we must assume that some poor bugger’s primed to explode, yeah?” Lestrade says, letting Iris go. John turns toward the body, his instincts had been a little concerned with another Alpha touching the teen, but Lestrade was acting normal as there’s nothing strange about giving someone you know a little hug. John likes the other Alpha, his own Alpha hums a little, content to know that his Omega’s are protected by another. Well, not his, but the Omega’s are cared for, if he has to leave.
Sherlock mouths back ‘No, it’s fine.’ but internally he’s trying to find a perfect moment of potential escape.
“Can’t be as simple as it seems, otherwise the bomber wouldn’t be directing us towards it. Something’s wrong.” John and Iris have started circling the body like a couple of vultures, only they’re looking for clues instead of a meal. Sherlock looks up and down the body as they do this, all of them focusing intently on the dead women. After a minute he gets out his magnifier and starts looking more intently at the wound on her hand, claw marks on her arms and little pin pricks on her face.
would have asked me for, if I had had the answer back then.” Now the detective is really confused, he’s never wanted a crime to be committed for himself.
by accident and I haven’t been cross with you, you just haven’t been paying enough attention.
“I — I didn’t want them. I just kept thinking of you. But I knew I had to do it — because if I didn’t I could accidentally hurt you or Iris.” John closes his eyes and nuzzles into Sherlock’s hand.
“You think she murdered her husband?”
“Sherlock. You’ve been cross with me for days, we’re just affected by the run. We’ve almost triggered a mating run by accident.” Sherlock this time is the one to smirk and John looks on confused.
“EXPLAIN! EXPLAIN! WHAT IS THERE TO EXPLAIN!? HE’S TOO YOUNG!” Lestrade is peeling Sherlock off him as Iris now does the same thing, latching onto him to prevent the inspector from going after John.
John follows wearily, instincts on high alert as he goes into a dangerous situation. As usual he feels oddly calm, his senses heightened and heart beat steady. They pass by dozens of homeless people, sleeping along the sides in cardboard boxes and ratty blankets. The smell is overwhelming and the Alpha has to cover his nose to block it out. It doesn’t really work well, so when they reach the end of a tunnel, he pulls at Sherlock’s coat to get him to stop.
“The cut on her hand: it’s deep; would have bled a lot, right?” Sherlock questions.
-----
sometimes.” John growls, smirking as he squeezes the detective in his arms. Happy to be finally be accepted, even if the circumstances are a little unorthodox. They can always talk it over later, when they’re safe at home instead of in a random alleyway.
They finish up with her and leave, bumping into a Beta on the way out who has a bike. Lucy introduces him as her brother Joe and he gets a little aggressive, telling John that he needs to tell the police to get off their asses, clearly unsatisfied with how the case is going. John assures them they’re working on it.
“What did he say?” John says, his mind spinning at the notion of a young pup being strapped to explosives. All he sees in his head is Iris strapped to the chair, tears streaming down his face. How this pup isn’t crying is a mystery.
The bomb now away from the two of them, the detective stares at John a moment as the Alpha gulps down fresh lungfuls of air. Once determining that John is out of danger, Sherlock grabs the pistol and goes to the door the mad man disappeared through, analyzing their new situation. When he gets back John is leaning against the metal of a changing room, still breathing hard.
John opens the coat and that’s when the whole situation flips upside down. Strapped to John is a vest with multiple explosive components, just like the hostages from all the bomber’s tests. Additionally, he can see an Omega’s leather mating collar which is clasped around his neck, which is confusing as that hadn’t been part of the other tests. Sherlock feels both relief and the worst fear of his life as he deduces that John isn’t Moriarty but he
“Doing so well baby boy.” Sherlock barely registers the words but feels them in the rumble of the chest that’s pinning him down against the table. He whines in response and tilts his hips up, letting the Alpha slide just that bit more, thick cock dragging against his walls and causing arousal to sizzle down his spine.  “Yessss…present to
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock answers it on speakerphone, letting everyone in the room hear as he holds it out. “The painting is a fake.” He pauses for a moment. “It’s a fake. That’s why Woodbridge and Cairns were killed.” The line stays almost silent, a small amount of breathing can be heard. It makes everyone in the room shift on their feet, uncomfortable. “Oh, come on. Proving it’s just a detail. The painting is a fake. I’ve solved it. I’ve figured it out. It’s a fake! That’s the answer. That’s why they were killed.” When no answer continues to come, the detective takes a deep calming breath. “Okay, I’ll prove it. Give me time. Will you give me time?” He pleads into the phone.
As the door closes and the final Alpha has left, John can relax his muscles, tension bleeding out of him as he knows the Prince is safe. He lifts his hand off a hip and runs it through the young one’s luscious curls, causing him to tip his head back against John’s shoulder and purr in bliss. The small silver crown the teen wears falls off his head and lands somewhere to the side, forgotten. “You were so good my little Prince.” He runs his tongue over Sherlock’s neck, swiping it over the Omega’s scent gland and throwing his arm over his hips gripping him tighter when the teenager starts to squirm at the sensation. “I’m so proud of you for sitting still for so long, they didn’t even notice you moved. Must be so hard for you right now, but you were being such a perfect Omega.” He nips at the displayed neck, leaving small red marks from his shirt collar all the way to behind his ears, the dark brown locks tickling John’s nose. The Alpha can feel that the Omega’s slick has seeped through his trousers and is now drenching the front of his own as well.
“What?”
The Alpha’s knot plunges in with one last powerful thrust and Iris’s rim bears down on the base to keep him in tight, the teen’s body determined to complete the mating. John howls out as his knot begins to inflate. He locks eyes once again with Sherlock and shallowly thrusts, rubbing his flesh across Iris’s prostate. The little Omega whines, his walls milking the Alpha, attempting to get as much seed as possible. John can feel the exact moment when Iris comes, his walls baring down in one final attempt and the Alpha takes it, gripping the teen’s tiny hips and digging as deep into him as he can, feeling his swollen and sensitive tip make contact with the entrance to the young Omega’s womb. John let’s himself go finally, closing his eyes and moaning low as he releases warm cum into the deflowered Omega’s belly. John gushes with wave after wave of seed, his body giving it all he can as they stay seal together, his knot locking them in place.
Sherlock looks onto the second deck of the pool, but sees no one else around. “Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present.” He sticks his hand into the air with the thumb drive, showing it off to the cameras he knows must be hidden. “Oh, that’s what it’s all been for, hasn’t it? All your little puzzles; making me dance – all to distract me from
“There’s something else that we haven’t thought of.” Lestrade says as Sherlock starts to leave passing behind him, Iris still taking one last look at the body.
“No. I want to see more of why Uncle wants this case done so badly and why dad is ignoring it.” The teen looks serious, his light blue eyes narrowed in thought.
John’s hands roam down Sherlock’s chest to his stomach, pulling his fancy dress shirt out of his trousers to find the heated skin below. He rubs over the smooth skin of his soon to be Omega’s abdomen, feelings how flat it is before he fills him. He knows there will be no pup from a mating run bond, but his Alpha still goes crazy with the idea that Sherlock
. When Sherlock gets a little aggressive, nipping at John’s ear the Alpha easily swings the lithe detective around, pinning him to a wall.
“After she was dead?” Lestrade says, stepping back into the conversation.
“It’s okay. Thank you.” Their eyes stay locked and emotions swirl for both of them.
Sherlock kisses his pup’s face, placing little pecks on his forehead and over his high cheek bones. Iris is gripping onto him hard, mewling as he shakes and shudders in both their steady hands. He didn’t mean to, but at some point Sherlock had grown hard as he stroked his little one’s cock. The combination of pleasuring his son and his mate’s heavy scent in the air too much for his body. He aches to touch himself but knows he doesn’t need it, he’s had his fun for the night. All his focus needs to stay on Iris.
“In the planetarium! You heard it too. Oh, that is brilliant! That is gorgeous!” Sherlock goes away from the painting, shoving the pink phone to John who fumbles with it for a moment. Meanwhile the detective pulls out his own phone and begins typing.
John batted at Sherlock’s arm to get the phone away from his face, then caught him by the wrist and spun around, trapping the arm under his bicep against his rib cage and pinning his friend behind his back unless Sherlock wanted to sprain himself escaping. He positioned the phone, still held in Sherlock’s hand, at a more comfortable distance so he could look at the photo the phone displayed. “Just hold it still for a minute, Christ!”
“I’m realizing the wisdom of your suggestion that we do this,” John said as he approached Duck on the little path. “I’d let myself go, rather more than I’d noticed.”
The moment seemed to stretch, each clinging to the other, remembering their respective pain. Slowly, Sherlock’s breathing returned to a more stable rhythm, and John relaxed his hold just a bit in case his friend would need some space. He didn’t let go, though. These last few days, he’d been so focused on not giving anything away to the world’s most observant man that he hadn’t noticed how much he’d been missing the wiry strength and warmth of a hug from Sherlock. He shut his eyes and breathed deeply, relishing this opportunity.
“Mary could have enemies who would come for us.”
about him. Even loved him? In whatever way a self-professed sociopath could do, John guessed that was how it was for Sherlock. How rare was that for his friend? As far as anyone he’d ever talked to - including Sherlock’s parents - had said, how Sherlock behaved toward John was unlike anything they had ever seen in the aloof genius. Warm. Protective. Thoughtful. All for him, only John.
John looked him in the eye for a full minute, judging his sincerity; then he smiled that lopsided smile that wrung Sherlock’s heart, and stood up briskly. “All right then. Shall we?” He indicated the door.
What was different this time? He and John were versatile, giving and receiving as the whim took them, or skipping penetration altogether in favor of other pleasures. There had certainly been other times when he lay utterly spent, wrung out with pleasure and the contentment of John’s presence beside him, but something about this moment felt different. Significant. He didn’t entirely understand it, but before he could drop back into his mind to analyse, the words John were saying registered. John frequently told Sherlock he loved him, used the endearment ‘love’ with fair regularity, made wry comments referring to ‘his love’ in conversation with others. It seemed to roll off his tongue so easily.
“All right! I started to think maybe she was remembering that whole thing with the marrying at forty as a way to cope with losing her husband, so I…” He heaved out a breath, dropped his face into his hands and said, muffled by his palms, “Imighthavetoldheryou’remyboyfriend.”
There was a beeping by his head. Was his alarm going off? The sound was intensely irritating, but John couldn’t seem to muster the strength to reach out and turn it off.
Arriving at the large car park in the gathering dusk, Sherlock grabbed the closest valet and asked if he had seen a dark-haired woman helping a short man in a grey suit out to the car? The valet turned out to be that rarest of witnesses: giving him what he needed without faffing about, he directed Sherlock to ‘the lady whose date got right pissed. She was ever so angry, and they went off that way.’ Sherlock yelled his thanks as he sprinted away in the direction indicated.
He heaved a shuddering breath.
“Yeah, he…” John scratched his eyebrow with a fingernail, then proceeded to tell Duck about Sherlock’s histrionics at not finding John in his room after sending several texts. John dropped his face into his hands and groaned as the words popped out. “Oh, bollocks - I wasn’t supposed to tell you I had my phone. Just forget you heard that part.”
He’d be entirely grey-haired by then, he was sure. The scene played out in his mind: she, in trainers and jeans, fair hair in pigtails, cartoon-character backpack over her shoulders, tightly holding his hand as they approached the building. A close hug, then letting her climb the stairs and head to her classroom on her own - she’d insist after the first day, no doubt.
John stood, returning Sherlock's hand to the crook of his other arm. He gazed down at the still, relaxed form with the satisfied air of a man who has finished a difficult job and done good work. He went to look for a blanket.
Over the next 24 hours or so, John woke sporadically: to a nurse taking his pulse, to someone changing the IV fluids, to the routine checks of a hospital patient. John remembered this part of the process from his shoulder wound; hospitals kept body and soul together until it was stable enough to go somewhere else and heal. While actually in hospital, there were constant interruptions of sleep, temperatures that were too hot or too cold, and desert-dry, filtered, conditioned air keeping mucus membranes parched and sore and making one constantly thirsty. While he professionally appreciated the work hospital staff did, it was never enjoyable to be a patient. God, how he hated hospitals from this side of the bed.
The picture stapled to the front of the file was that of an older man, a few days’ grizzled stubble peppering olive-tone skin on a lean face with unexpectedly full lips, now pale in death. He had a shock of scarlet blood down the side of his jaw and neck, starting from over his ear.
John spun away, spine locked with the need to be unreadable to the most perceptive man he’d ever known. He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Because I was thinking, and it wasn’t getting me anywhere, and I went for a run to see if it would shake something loose, like Duck said it might.”
John snorted and grinned. “Yeah, all right.”
Lady Grey was incomparable, as ever. She looked out into the crowd with a sure confidence then pursed lips painted full (ah, the maroon lipstick!) as she eyed the male dancer approaching her wearing a lovely blue suit. Westwood, maybe? Sherlock couldn’t be sure. He had dark hair and pale skin, and Sherlock was surprised to see he was the same height, or possibly even shorter than John. Sherlock realized this must be deliberate; in her platform heels, Lady Grey would stand a good five inches taller than the fellow. The dancer arrived at the table and grabbed a tumbler from it, pretending to throw back a drink in one go; then he strode forward and took Lady Grey’s hand to raise her from her seat as she began her performance.
“Relax Love, it’s okay, I don’t need to leave. The trap won’t work anymore.” John smiles, once again he knows something that Sherlock doesn’t about Alphas. He pets Sherlock’s hair as the Omega looks at him, eyebrows drawn together, confused.
It takes a good hour for Sherlock and Iris to calm down the Alpha, meanwhile John gets Iris a sheet from the nest and then disappears into his room since every time the other Alpha looks at him his eyes flash in anger and his scent spikes. By the time John is allowed to enter the room, Lestrade has flipped his attitude completely, the explanation given of what Moriarty did and how they had all resolved it, making him apologize to John for doubting his intentions.
When the call comes through from Lestrade that a body has been found around the area that Sherlock asked about, they head out there. By now, Iris had dressed in a pair of jeans and a jacket. John isn’t as surprised this time when he’s in the middle of the taxi cab with the two Holmes’s, as this is likely to become a regular occurrence now that Iris has decided to quit this semester of University.
“Me? Yeah, I’m fine, I’m fine. Fine.” Sherlock says while scratching his head with John’s weapon, something he would have chastised him for on a normal day but couldn’t be bothered with at this moment.
When he’s satisfied, John finally removes himself giving a final lick to the pale neck before speaking. “Hmmm…and what
“Fishing!” The Beta yells. “Try fishing.”
“Definitely not. That’s not a mistake a murderer would make.”
“If this professor called to let Alex know that something about the painting was fake, then her life is in danger from the Golem. We’ll be going in hot.” Sherlock says as they near the building.
certainly gets about.” John sighs, sad about how so many had to die. He takes a few sips of tea, attempting to calm himself.
fake, then.” Sherlock snarls then whips around to face the curator. “You
John is looking at the bedside table. “Has anyone else been round asking about Alex?” Iris looks at her, observing her face.
Once they get back to the flat, Sherlock becomes a flurry of movement as he lays out new information, gathers old data and sequesters himself away in the kitchen, closing off the stained glass doors which separate the sitting room. John paces a little but eventually has to sit and rest. He fears for the women on the phone but the only sleep he’s gotten since he woke up in the middle of the night to Iris crying, was the nap after breeding at the clinic. A virgin knotting takes considerable time to release and he’d been able to catch a strange sort of relaxed not quiet sleep as he snuggled up against Jeremy. Of course what happened right after probably negated all those good feelings. Hands separating him from Jeremy, John’s fist on fire after colliding with someone’s face. The screams of the Omega begging for his Alpha, ringing loudly in his ears.
