Hot humiliation rushed over him, burning his cheeks, stinging in his chest. John had never turned him down before, and having it happen like this, when all he wanted was to reach out to John and make everything better again and show him that he was sorry, really was, so very sorry for all of his shortcomings, for his failure to behave like the normal person that John deserved-
Since that day at the museum, it was like they had reached a new level of intimacy. Not only because of what had happened that night, although that certainly had been amazing, but because Sherlock seemed to have found a way to accept Anna's presence in John's life.
There had also been the constant battle with the grass, that in the blink of an eye had grown so tall that the lawn mower couldn't do the job. It'd had to be dealt with the old fashion way, with a scythe. John had laughed until tears were streaming down his face when she'd told the story of how she'd convinced a random guy from the local pub to do it for free.
“I doubt you'd pass a polygraph test with that statement,” he said, trying to keep a straight face but it just wasn't doable. He knew he was smiling.
This frustrates John even more, because if there’s one thing he’s pretty damn sure of, it’s that he knows how to deal with Sherlock. But the pressure to be a good guest weighs over, this time. He sits down again, impatiently glancing towards the door opening.
Some long seconds later, John attempts to move. With the slightest flexing of his hips, he withdraws a tiny bit, then pushes in again, the slide tight but slick.
Suddenly, John is wide awake. His entire body goes stiff. A second later, shame is washing over him like a bucket of cold water.
Despite all he’s said before, it feels like a confession. Sherlock keeps his eyes fixed steadily on the glass, holds it with both hands in his lap.
John took a small, and perhaps ever so slightly sadistic, pleasure in watching as the expression on Gabriel's face changed from close-bitten to shocked when he noticed John.
The words simply escaped Sherlock, completely unplanned. He was a little bit stunned that he’d said it, but John did not give him any time to fret about it.
Actually, he felt furious. What did he ever do to deserve Sherlock standing there and not even dignifying John with a word. Sherlock had been completely shutting him out of his life, avoiding him at all costs, lying about where he was just to get out of seeing John for a few hours - hours that John knew very well he would waste in front of his laptop daily, googling mutations of mold or whatever.
Second worse scenario: They see each other twice a year, at best, for stiff dinners where one’s supposed to engage in so called
When John is in there, Sherlock tries to come up with a game plan. He knows he really needs to keep the momentum going now. John cannot be allowed to start
”Do you think it’s EASY being Sherlock Holmes, huh, John! Don’t you think he deserves a break from himself just once in a bloody while! And
It was getting difficult to remain in his own skin. Familiar feeling. A familiar solution to this particular state. Tempting.
”And Merry Christmas.” He grins big, teeth showing. John widens his eyes, just for a millisecond but Sherlock still sees it. The grin maybe a bit much? Tries to turn it down a notch.
Sherlock’s knees nearly give way. His hands are in John’s hair, gripping randomly, fists opening and closing. The whimpering sound coming from his mouth sounds pained.
He dreaded it the way he always did when he had to be the bearer of bad news, and even more so when it was a young person, like this.
The pain and guilt and emptiness he had felt after Sherlock’s death had been worse than anything he had ever experienced. Worse than the war, worse than coming back to civilian life after the war. Worse than when his mother had died.
His face was tightly controlled and his eyes unyielding. Sherlock had always thought of it as John’s military expression.
"Still, though," she says. "That’s no excuse for him to fuck you up like this. He must have known how you’d react. Pisses me off, to be honest.”
”Then why don’t you go over there to provide some loving comfort, John? You seem to be quite the expert at that, from what I gather,” Gabe said bitterly.
John raised his eyebrows. ”You don’t think I could! That’s ridiculous, sweetheart. We both know I’d take you down if I ever needed to.”
Chris raised his eyebrows, a curious expression on his face, and John hurried to continue before the guy could say anything more.
John noticed his fists tightening, tried to relax them, breathe out the surge of anger like he’d learned in therapy.
”Oh, I’m so terribly sorry last week was stressful for you. Because, you know, I just had the time of my life, socializing undercover with those lovely mafia bosses.” He scoffed.
John lets his head fall back into the pillow, closes his eyes to let the unreal sensations flood him - Sherlock’s body, covering him; gingerly grinding into him- John frees a hand to bring them together.
”Let me just find Sherlock, I want to let him know that I’m, eh, that we’re leaving,” said John. ”Wait here for me honey, have a seat, you must be tired from all that dancing.”
“Okay then,” Sherlock said, and reached down to grab the murderous dog's collar. “I'd better go find the owner of this one.”
Sherlock held up a white paper bag, smiling. The bag was scrunched up and speckled wet from the rain that was still coming down hard outside.
’Us’ but not as in Sherlock and John, wow, that two letter word hit John right in the gut, even though he knew it was just how things currently were. He sat down on the edge of the bed, deliberately releasing his shoulders, silently exhaling, trying his best to reach across to Sherlock.
That night, John was consumed by a fitful dream in which Sherlock had been kidnapped by some golden-haired man in a suit, it was Moriarty only it was not, and he was going to take Sherlock away to Eastern Europe in a private jet plane. Sherlock was texting John to come to his aid.
With a strong rum drink in one hand, and some wine spritzer thing in his other for Sherlock, he made his way back to their spot. His steps felt lighter and easier, until he realized he still had one more thing to get through. Does it never end, he thought. How on earth did this get so bloody complicated?
”The night before I was leaving, an unpleasant, rough-looking man showed up in the garden, someone from way back in Mr Trevors past. They went away to talk, and when Mr Trevor didn’t return, Victor and I went to look for him. Found him, passed out drunk, in the kitchen. And for some reason that neither of us could comprehend at the time, it turned out Mr Trevor had given him a job at the estate, as gardener.”
”So that’s it?” John asked. ”You’re simply going to give up, just like that? Lay down flat right before the finish line? Goddamn it, I’m telling you - I would give anything to be in your shoes! Okay, so he made some mistakes, but like I said, that was, unfortunately, to a large extent triggered by me. And who the hell is perfect, right. If Sherlock means so much to you, then why give up now? Where’s your bloody fighting spirit?”
”John,” Caroline says. Sherlock’s leaning against the wall, his knees feel weak. ”Listen. You really need to have a chat with Sherlock. Tell him to his face. You know, for all his brilliance… he’s just not very good at reading between the lines.”
”Then why did you always use to get them?” Sherlock had a puzzled and slightly annoyed expression in his eyes.
They’re making their way toward Baker Street through empty streets. It’s a quarter to two, hardly any cars or people out at this hour. John’s hotel is on the way, so he’s in the car, too. Sherlock is sitting leaned against a door in the backseat, oddly quiet, far from the post-case energy John remembers from times past.
Rings again. Knocks. He looks up, hoping to see the curtains move, but they don’t. Feels his heart sink to the ground. He’s not there.
It was beginning to get better, though, and of course in a way, he liked this place too. What with the porters in the lobby bringing up his shirts from the dry cleaner, and that oversized bathtub he could easily stretch out in, and the built in coffee machine in the kitchen.
Sherlock gasped, startled by the wording just as much as by the fact that John had finally put this question so bluntly on the table.
Sherlock looked up sharply and John silently congratulated his brother-in-law. Mycroft really was brilliant, in a devious sort of way.
That sounded like his father talking. No one had a right to take advantage or harm anyone else simply because that person was more vulnerable, no matter the cause of said vulnerability. A drunk might be an easy mark for a pickpocket, but it didn’t make it right for a pickpocket to target one.
Sherlock remained on his hands and knees for several moments while John waited. He blew out long, audible breaths, then lowered himself until he was seated on the floor, scooting back to rest against the wall beside John.
“I’ve already mapped out an escape route. Shall I post it on the wall by the door?” He sounded just condescending enough to raise John’s hackles.
He’d hated not having a purpose. He’d detested that room with its narrow bed and neutral walls and carpet on the floor and tea kettle with its frayed cord and his too-clean and polished boots arranged heel to heel against the bare wall beside the door.
He let the statement go without comment, and Sherlock settled into the wheelchair, covered his telltale curls with the old man’s hat, and pulled the coverlet up over his legs, letting his shoulders hunch forward.
“Right - you’d best get back then,” he said, peeking into the room over her shoulder and talking himself out of the childish resentment he was feeling for being mostly left out of this new game - despite his lack of qualifications for the job. This room, unlike the other, was brightly illuminated, but there was no natural light and very little in the way of creature comforts, only an assortment of tables, chairs and bookshelves. John, looking at the setup with the experienced eyes of someone who’d long cared for an epileptic, saw the entire room as a hazard of sharp corners and hard surfaces.
“Everyone’s story is interesting,” Sherlock insisted, scooting his queen two squares closer to his king. “Tell me about your father.”
“Er….” Al looked helplessly from Rosie to John, but neither rose to his rescue as they were both giving Sherlock the stink eye.
Waited through an engagement, a wedding, a bullet in his heart. It should have bled from him then, all of it, but he found, when he awoke on the other side, that nothing would kill it, that he would suffer the weight of it forever.
Sherlock doesn’t answer John’s question because the truth is buried so deep within himself he can’t find it without picking the locks on a dozen doors in his mind palace and decoding the pirate’s treasure map he’s placed within.
He didn’t kiss him - not just yet. They stood, breathing hard, while John voiced the words, the warning, he needed to say. “We shouldn’t do this. It won’t end well. It never has.”
“I have an idea,” he said a moment later, standing in the kitchen doorway and smiling pleasantly at Mycroft. “Let’s go out for tea.”
He was wound up so tightly inside, angry, just barely suppressing the incredulity of it all, that his words were sharp-edged, his voice clipped.
It was easy, ultimately, to justify his participation in the grand tunnel search by telling himself that the existence of a tunnel would make this location more secure, with easier access to the garden and a better chance of helping Sherlock recover and rebuild. He leaned over the table beside Sherlock, studying the drawing - a schematic showing the entire property and the exact placement of its buildings, walls, walkways and drives.
Rosethorne – he’d raised an eyebrow at the name when he’d first read his orders. It wasn’t exactly a welcoming name in an area that boasted the kind of raw, natural beauty that made a person believe in a nameless, faceless God.
“But you can work,” insisted Sholto. “You have traditional means.” He looked at Sherlock earnestly, and John wondered, not for the first time, just what Sherlock was decoding. “We realise it will be more slowly than before, but progress is progress.”
“It’s just a phrase – an idiom,” John explains as they walk together toward the shed to examine the door that’s lost a hinge. It’s the sort of repair neither of them has ever done, but one of them at least will learn to do, he imagines. One of them named John, he thinks.
Sherlock considered, apparently running several scenarios through his head. “Right. The boyfriend. Did he mention he has one?”
“That hand is weak, John, not crippled,” Sherlock said, his voice a very gentle scold, as if reminding him that in the grand scheme of things, he had very little to complain about. “And besides, you have two hands. Surely you could toss a stone with your right?”
John obliged, quite willing to prove to himself at least that Sherlock’s interest in their perfectly ordinary new neighbor had drifted from “interest” to “obsession.”
It was still locked, of course. The padlock securing the heavy iron clasp to the ring inset into the stone wall was securely fastened. There was evidence, which Sherlock of course found at once, that someone had opened and shut the gate recently. The lightly worn path leading back through the grass, past the derelict swing, spoke of recent comings and goings, but likely by a single person at regular but infrequent intervals. The sunlight through the canopy of leaves from the old garden trees dappled the ground, bringing out touches of vibrant green and gold amid the shadows.
Suits – in grey, navy and black –all in the more simple, less adorned wartime style. No vest, pocket flaps or trouser cuffs. Plain white shirts – six of them. Ties in solids and stripes. Black shoes and socks.
John got to his feet, stood straight, near attention, and nodded at Holmes, though he felt that he should be saluting. It was an odd sort of dismissal – he felt like a soldier, as if Holmes was his commanding officer, though he most decidedly wasn’t, and the nod in place of a salute or even a handshake was awkward at best.
“Yet.” Mycroft’s voice was soft, but not kind. “You may go, Dr. Watson. Thank you for your statement.”
John forced himself to remain silent, trying to school his features as well as Sherlock had. His mind was racing as pieces of the puzzle he’d long been pursuing began to fall into place.
But love is not a pull, but a balm. Love came to Sherlock in the face of a mad cabbie, in the glint of a revolver, when the wind was in his sails and there was nothing but air beneath his feet.
He isn’t sold, not even three hours later when they’re still at it in the sitting room, but wakes up too early on Saturday morning to jarring sirens in the street and decides that a trip to Sussex might be acceptable – just to take a look.  And it’s a good thing he’s come to that conclusion, because Sherlock has already made the arrangements to see some of the properties the next day, and some on Monday, before they return to London so John can cover his shift on Tuesdsay.
“Irene?” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, then shook his head slowly. “Not my type, John. Nor am I hers. But she had the most marvelous toys – a gorgeous combination of hard and soft – leather and fur, polished wood and feathers. The most intricate leather and whalebone corset. A brassiere made of nothing but metal rings and velvet straps….”
“Please tell me you don’t plan to send your children to … ” John frowned – this really was ridiculous. He was at a magical house with magical people watching a magical sport and he
John shook his head, feigning exasperation. “I don’t expect he was lingering on and on in your room,” he said pointedly, “flicking the lights on and off or leaving crumbs in your bed.”
Sherlock Holmes – are being honoured with a lifetime achievement award.” John could look much, much taller and seriously imposing when he was acting as judge and jury. “You’re going,” he stated. “
“Yes – right. Exactly.” He glanced quickly over at Sherlock, but found him attentive, leaning forward slightly, watching him. “I always loved to practice with her, even when I was eleven or twelve, and I’d only spend a half hour with her after school before running out to play with the other boys.”
“And I’ve already explained to you that your Mummy had a family emergency and can’t be with you for a few days. So I’ve brought you here instead, because your Mummy and Daddy chose them as their emergency back-ups. You’ll be staying here until your Mummy comes back. Sherlock and John will take good care of you.”
“So when you study these – these transmissions, what you’re supposed to be doing is archiving the code itself. Figuring out why it works and what its strengths and weaknesses are. Right? Something like that?”
His hand was trembling – he’d done more than he should have, but far, far less than he wanted to do.
John hummed. He dropped back down beside Sherlock, on his side, cradling the pillow under his head. “You haven’t told me how it happened,” he said. “How did Mycroft get abducted, anyway? I wouldn’t think he’d be the target they were looking for. I can’t think of a more difficult prisoner.”
Major Sholto waited for John to finish. He looked at Mycroft, received a nod in response, then directed his attention to John. He had a handsome face, though weathered and tired, and he ran his hand through thinning hair and scratched the base of his neck.
“Bravo?” John suggested, earning a quick glare from Sherlock. He didn’t recall Sherlock treating him to such an outlandish performance when he’d first explained his mind palace. Why the hell had he just flounced about like a one-man circus when he and Sherlock had had a regular conversation -  more or less – on the heels of one of Sherlock’s seizures.
“It was the anniversary of her child’s death, of her accident,” Sherlock said when the silence between them lengthened.
“What don’t I already have?” snapped Sherlock “Only London. A working brain. A body that’s got going to fail me without warning.” He adjusted his jacket sleeves, his eyes sweeping the bare wall behind him. “And a tunnel,” he added, spinning around and appearing to pull this most expected word out of a cubby hole in his mind.  “Hopefully, still intact,” he continued, back to scrutinising the rear wall of the room and continuing matter-of-factly “It’s probably been here since the manor was built. It will lead to Hawthorne Cottage - it’s a guest cottage on the property – it’s practically in ruins now, but my great-grandfather kept his mistress there, and he’d have to have had a discreet way of reaching her. Quite a few of the old manors had them - especially out in the wilds - they provided safe, warm and dry routes of travel between the manor house and outbuildings. It won’t take me long to find it once I set my mind to the task. I doubt we’ll need the tunnel for protection, but it will come in handy if we do, and give us easier access to the garden without having to walk out one of the main doors and pass in front of the house. I won’t need that ridiculous disguise.”
Sherlock smiled. “You have a curious habit of repeating what I say. I’m assuming it’s your manner of dealing with the abruptness of my statements. I don’t like to waste words, but if a preface statement is required to introduce my thought, please say so.”
“Yeah, I know,” John said. “He says to knock if we need him and to slip a note under the door if he doesn’t answer.”
John came back from time to time, drawn inexorably by the forlorn scene, but the gate was always closed and locked.
“So what did she tell you about your grandmother, then?” asked John. As always, he was keeping a sharp eye out for movement of any kind around them, and he spoke softly into the settling evening.
“Spell. They’ll spell me back up here. But only if they notice, Sherlock. In case you hadn’t noticed, they’re all about to jump out of this plane too!” He glanced to his left where Severus Snape sat calmly reading a journal that looked like it was printed on the same printing press as the first edition of the Gutenberg Bible.
Oddly, John wasn’t outraged. Or even angry. He was, instead, intrigued. Intrigued with this odd manor, its locked doors and gates, its mute groundskeeper, its quirky inhabitants and now, its secret resident.
Mycroft had rolled onto his belly and was scrabbling away from him. He sat up when he was far enough away to evade John’s assistance, and fixed John with a death glare. “I already
Yet, he didn’t engage with Lestrade and his maze as Al had. Instead, he stayed at Molly’s side, approaching John’s work area with her, where John was reworking Molly’s bench into something more suitable for the garden. It was slow work without Sherlock to steady the boards while he cut them, but he’d managed better than expected, slowly lifting his weak left hand to brace each board in place while he lined up the saw with his right. He was less clumsy than he had been, but was by no means a master of straight lines and precise angles.
“He needed my help,” she said, running the fingers of her other hand lightly over Sherlock’s face as he groaned softly. She looked up at John, and seemed to take pity on him.
"They're settling him in now, John. His injuries were not life-threatening." He held up a hand as John jerked, standing up straighter. "I wanted to tell you first. What - what a good man he is. What a good man you've found. You - " He struggled with the words, staring at his hands splayed on the table. "You deserve each other - and Rosethorne."
He won’t recall any of this when he wakes again, though he’ll be left with a vague, unsettling quiet.
“You tell me,” John challenged. He clicked his glass against Sherlock’s and tipped it back, then stared at him, waiting.
Rosie, still holding Al’s hand as she had been for most of the flight, turned to look out the door with only a small amount of trepidation. “Well, I’m first,” she said, standing up as their instructor began a last check of her gear. She leaned in to give Al a quick kiss, then gave John a double thumbs up.
had happened. He refused to pity the man even though Mycroft, he realised, didn’t need or want his pity, only his forgiveness.
John, who’d expected to find Sherlock in the throes of a seizure, stared at Sherlock, irritated, then dropped into a chair and glared some more.
“She’s wickedly fast,” Al answered, obviously proud of this fact. “A real athlete – She wanted me to go pro too but I’m really not that good – and I really wanted to go to uni.”
He had his personal turn with what he would later consider a most insidious form of the Spanish Inquisition not long after Molly left him for her next round of physical therapy sessions with the two remaining convalescents. One of Mrs. Hudson’s girls brought him a summons in a sealed envelope, and he thanked her as he broke the formal wax seal, thinking how different the fine parchment was from something he might have been handed in his wartime battlefield days. It was hand-written in a fine, schooled hand instead of typed on a utilitarian typewriter, and smelled faintly of tea.
John really didn’t know, and was ridiculously put out that she’d seen Sherlock before he had. He smiled non-committedly and moved past her toward the room Al had used.
In the later days, in the garden, when the sun shone and life began to curl up again beneath his feet, worming its way into his consciousness, into his pain-dulled heart, no one intruded in their magical garden outside of time. If an emergency arose, Mrs. Hudson rang a bell. It was intrusive enough, but it didn’t pierce the secrecy of their sanctuary.
“Quite a bit, actually.” Sherlock waited while John made a hasty and less-than-strategic move, then folded his hands, appearing as if he was studying the board.
“I thought that Sherlock bloke was still stuck up in the tree!” exclaimed Scorpius. “And honestly, Professor – that dress! We just couldn’t wait!”
“Look – you’re going to have to help me,” John said, keeping his voice low and speaking as calmly as possible. He needed to keep Lestrade close. “I’ll tell you what’s going on, but you have to promise to help me get him back inside without anyone noticing.”
It felt like a success, even though his fingers were clumsy and felt twice as big as they actually were. Even though his shoulder ached, and his arm felt leaden, and it wasn’t even a
“Can we please not talk about decomposition on my wedding day?” Rosie asked. She was watching out the window as the second jump instructor helped her future mother-in-law into her parachute gear.
“Back – sorry it took so long. I couldn’t find the rhubarb biscuits,” Sherlock called out as he carried the shopping bags into the kitchen.
Sherlock managed to get one good question in during each visit. Rosie would stop him after one, accusing him of prying, and thus he spent a great deal of effort planning each question to make it appear as casual and innocent as possible.
THANK YOU to the commentor who pointed out that the chapter ended in mid-stream. An italics tag left open somehow prevented the rest of the story from pasting in. How anti-climatic. It made absolutely no sense and my apologies go out to the 100 or so of you who must have been left puzzled (and mostly likely won't even know I screwed up and the chapter didn't end at a ridiculous place.
The sound echoed through the quiet corridors as they lay there, tangled together, heartbeats out of sync.
Ten seconds of utter terror with an adrenaline high to match anything he’d ever done with Sherlock on the streets of London. He was catching up with Al and Rosie, whose chutes had deployed, when his own chute opened and jerked him upward.
His voice carried down the corridor. He was no longer whispering, no longer able to contain the exuberance of his discovery.
He got to his feet then, pulling John up with him, and one would never have known from the gleam in his eyes that he’d had virtually no sleep at all, or that his carefully-guarded and sensibly-structured world was about to be re-ordered around something as tenuous as colour, as shaky as sentiment, as mundane as music.
By the time he sorted himself, groaning and realising his ankle was definitely positively absolutely broken, Harry was bending down over him and the other bloke was examining his foot.
“Well, you’ve managed to miss two eventful mornings – or nights. Though I don’t imagine you’ve had seen or heard anything if you’d been here. I didn’t hear a thing and my rooms are closer to Miss Adler’s than yours.” She yawned. “I suppose they haven’t had you in yet, then? You look far too comfortable to have just sat through a meeting with Mr. Holmes.”
He spoke as if he disliked disguises in general, though John had first-hand evidence that they were one of his specialties, and he very much doubted Sherlock found it as reprehensible as he made it sound.
“His doctors tire of him quickly,” Holmes cut in. “They don’t have the patience – or the time – to deal with someone like him. I assumed you would read between the lines, Dr. Watson, and understand that we have tried – and exhausted – all orthodox methods and are looking for something quite different from you.”
They don’t speak of her often, though there is no conscious decision not to. Once the dust has finally settled and the cobwebs and skeletons have been cleared from the closets and some even from Sherlock’s mind, they unconsciously adopt a go-forward attitude and rebuild their lives around the rebuilt 221B.
Sherlock looked suspiciously at Al. “I wasn’t told we’d be wearing robes.” He turned his head and looked even more suspiciously at John. “Was I, John?”
It had seemed – still seemed – an impossibility to even dream of being a surgeon again. Too much was at risk – too many lives. One missed stroke, one fumble with an instrument, and he’d lose much more than his dignity, suffer much more than mere frustration and embarrassment.
“It’s easy to forget here,” John said. His fingers were intermingled with Sherlock’s now as they watched the sun begin to sink away.  “What they’re all going through – in Africa – on the continent.”
, and can lead perfectly normal lives on the surface, and have all types of dalliances just below. Men, faced with death at every door, love
him, John thought. Seeing parts of him he’d rather keep under wraps. He picked up his scotch and downed the remainder with a practiced swallow, then set the glass back on the sideboard and stared out the window again. “I hand-picked you, after all.”
Molly had acted like she expected him, and as she hurried out, Sherlock, who was sitting at a table sorting through the contents of a folio, lifted his head and looked up at John.
“You smell like singed hair and dragon dung,” Sherlock said a few minutes later as they passed the Hogwarts gates.
“Liar. You spent eons in the garden. You made benches. You planted tulips. You practiced the piano. You were too tired at night to do anything but close your eyes and fall asleep.”
Holmes’ face remained impassive and disinterested, and if he betrayed himself at all, it was with the time he took to answer.
“Downstairs with our new neighbor,” Sherlock said as he hung up his coat and dropped his keys onto the table.
Still, John was surprised when the entire back of the wardrobe swung silently out away from them with a long, slow creak. He could immediately smell the cool, dank air beyond. Impossible. There was absolutely no way they had gone from guessing that there might be a tunnel to standing at its open entrance in less than fifteen minutes.
Well – perhaps not an entire week of Sundays, but at least five or six. He calls in for the rest of the week and changes the train tickets to Friday.
“Honeydukes, Honeydukes, hon-hon-honey-Honeydukes,” sang the child, halting in front of them and looking up at Sherlock rather smugly. “Professor McGonagall says you are to take me directly to Honeydukes and buy me whatever I want and I want it all.”
John grinned. “Sherlock. He’s only oblivious and confused when it comes to magic. When it comes to cheating spouses and love triangles, he can always see right through you.”
John gives up his bedsit and moves into 221B the day after he and Sherlock meet on opposite sides of the door.  He slips the Browning into the drawer of his bedside table and it feels like the home he’s never had.
There was a path, worn into the rug, where he paced with Rosie in those early days and late hours. Where one dreary night Sherlock appeared in his bedroom door, wrapped in a sheet, then shrugged into his dressing gown and held out his arms for the child. The sheet pooled on the floor behind him as he took up John’s path, the ghost of the man he was, the shadow of the father he soon would be.
John is sitting in his chair, looking so at home, more at peace than he’s seen him in weeks and weeks. He’s got a vague sort of smile on his face, and he nods at Sherlock when their eyes meet. Sherlock draws the bow down across the strings and 221B is suddenly their home again, despite the changes, despite the uncertain future.
“Perhaps - but I’m afraid there’s no artist inside me. I’d be happy if I can learn to write with my right hand, much less draw or paint.”
Invalids don’t walk, he reminded himself as Simon closed the door behind him.  Invalids don’t wander the corridors and leave sheet music behind.
His hand felt leaden as he lowered it, and he stopped playing altogether as he watched his finger descend, falling on C too hard, taking B along with it.
John still had Sherlock’s cock in his hand, felt it so hot and so hard. He stroked it up and down, a little faster now, and then let his thumb glide over the head, catching the pre-cum and then spreading it around his shaft. The noises it drew from Sherlock sent sharp spikes through John’s arousal, and he repeated the move, relished more of the same sounds from Sherlock.
His tongue. Back in Sherlock’s mouth. But now, pointed, and he was beginning to slip it in and out between Sherlock’s lips, mimicking the pace of their sliding together in Sherlock’s hand. It was just like fucking-
John tightened his grip through the trousers, pulled up and down as best as the barrier would allow, worked up a slow rhythm.
When he thought about John, he could also feel the scent of him, just as if he were there right next to him.
”I am so sorry,” he whispered. ”I am so very, very sorry, Sherlock.” Sherlock was still and silent. John kept touching over his back, examining the white and red marks.
”You could say that, I guess. I mean I did replace the tub, so I don’t understand what the problem was, but I guess, some people are just intransigent.”
“I'm sorry I'm such a mess,” she said. “I would have loved to stay and chat for a while-” Sherlock was very glad to hear that was not going to happen “-but my dog just ran away! Took after a rabbit. It's so terrible, Mr. Holmes, I've got to find her! My husband has said that if it ever happens again, he will have her put down!” She looked like she was about to burst out in tears.
The darkest period of all, without doubt, had been after Sherlock's fall from the rooftop. John still tried hard to keep those two years firmly out of his mind. His therapist had suggested they should revisit it, work it through, but he had refused. No, keeping it out of mind worked just fine – usually.
John relaxes, Sherlock feels the hand on his arm move up to his neck, where it curls beneath his hairline. John's other arm snakes around Sherlock, palm flat against his back. Same gentle rubbing; up, down, up. Fingers brushing through his hair in the back of his neck.
Just as he had decided to start going around to the nearby hospitals, his phone chimed with a text alert. Mycroft!
”Janine wanted to get rid of the cottage. You know, it was too much work for her, and she was never there anyway. And we both love to be there. So I thought… Your name is on the contract for fifty percent of the ownership. I hope you don’t mind. I know maybe I should have asked you, but I wanted it to be a surprise…”
”Ha. Nobody said anything, but I saw them looking at my trousers.” John looks down at the brown-black mud marks on his knees. ”No but I think it went well, actually. It’s, yeah. Pretty exciting.”
Sherlock watched as Gabe walked his fingertips lightly across his swollen cheek, checking the damage. It wasn’t right.
”It was really great to see you, Sherlock,” John said. And then he thought, damn it! Just damn it all. ”I’ve missed you, you know. More than I can say.”
John startles at Sherlock’s voice and the hint of anger there. When he turns his head to look at Sherlock, he sees something that looks like… tired defiance.
He’d kissed Sherlock, that day when they were moving. Had just left Mary, fuming, with Rosie and the movers and all the still not packed boxes, and jumped in a taxi to Baker Street. Actually, Sherlock had kissed him. Which had been a detail he’d desperately tried to wrap his head around all this time, not succeeding.
”She hasn’t been up here for some time now. Not since she had her hip replacement, I think, last year. Difficult with the stairs.”
John strongly doubted that he would like anything that had to do with that bloke's love life, but he guessed it was a good thing if he was attached, and not out there somewhere pining for Sherlock.
His voice trailed off as Lestrade pulled away, straightening up and stepping back. He stared through the gate, toward where John knew the fantastical maze was hidden, then back at Sherlock.
Sinful, but he was damned to hell already. Sinfully good, sinfully perfect, and he strained not to thrust into the exquisite feel of heat and suction.
“He won’t give it to you or he won’t give it to anyone?” John asked. He couldn’t count the times Sherlock had pored over footage he had no business having.
“And steals candy from children.” The two men exchanged an amused glance. “Go on. How does it all end?”
“Mr. Holmes mentioned it,” she said. She raised her eyebrow. “He seems to know quite a bit about you.”
The weight of the key in his pocket was comforting as John made his way back to the manor. Far above, the crow watched him. He should have remembered that crows were intelligent birds, and problem solvers, with long memories and a fondness for shiny trinkets.
He stood at the bottom of the tree and looked up to see what had once most certainly been an elaborate tree house. It was higher up in the tree than John thought he’d have allowed a child to climb, though probably no higher than a first-floor window. John imagined it closer to the ground in days gone by, when the oak hadn’t been quite so mighty. Though the tree itself had grown around the house, he could make out a rail, and something that glinted in the speckled sunlight, and what might have been a castle turret had it not been perched in an old oak tree.
“You treat me as a superior officer, not as a patient.” Holmes crossed his leg to examine his newly bandaged toe. John had done more than a reasonable job wrapping it, and it didn’t look entirely amateurish. “Dr. Watson, you are in my employ, not under my command. You are allowed to ask questions.”
“Look, Sherlock – I’m not sure where you’re going with all of this. And I’m not at all sure why we keep talking about my injury, and my abilities, when you’re the one who needs to get better to get out of here. Why don’t you tell me what you’re looking for – why the hell you brought me here.”
Sherlock had pushed a pile of newspapers onto the floor from a second chair, and was positioning it now to face John’s. He dropped into it with a bounce, and quickly folded his lanky legs up against himself, then leaned forward, peering at John with obvious interest.
He took a final fortifying breath and blew it out slowly, then pushed off the stair post and walked into the infirmary.
Irene Adler told her story without embarrassment, though John and Molly blushed like virgins. The general had come to her room at four o’clock in the morning, had knelt beside the bed and had proceeded to tell her that he’d been a very bad boy indeed, and needed a paddling. Cognizant of his condition, she decided to mete out his punishment in a way that might benefit both of them.
Al turned an untouched row of overgrown hedge into a galloping stallion, tail and mane flaring, and there seemed nothing he couldn’t do, one-handed and driven, and Greg, oddly, seemed to be at peace with letting him run with it, going where his heart took him, while he brought John cuttings and lost the key to the garden gate to a raven’s hoard.
“Try not to think about it,” she said. “I can’t begin to understand it myself and I’ve been listening to him for weeks. But John – trust me on this. I really do think he’s solved it. Once he let go of all the work he’d lost with his injury, he saw a new way through to the end.”
“I want to do my part,” Sherlock answered at last. “I want this war to end, and end well for us. But putting the fate of the nation, or of the world, in the hands of a single being is ill-conceived. Others can do the job, perhaps working in tandem. But my brother can’t control their efforts. I was his trump card, and he’s lost prestige.”
“Mycroft sees what is in front of him and interprets it well with a classically trained mind. He read your file after I selected you, and agreed you were an excellent choice. I, however, see what is missing as well as what is there in front of me. I read between the lines, and underneath them, beyond them. For every story, every situation, there is a who, a what, a where, a why and a how. But beyond those, there is the
“Because you didn’t notice. And don’t even suggest that the floors have dried already.  If they had, there’s have been traces of mud – at least one partial footprint but more likely dozens. And what do you do with your brolly before going inside? You shake it off. Yet not a single drop of water or splatter mark anywhere.”
John folded the pillow, using his left forearm as support, then worked it under the convulsing man’s head, checking his watch. Drool immediately stained the pillow cover. He’d probably soaked the carpet already, but John didn’t care a whit about that. The man was breathing – there were no apparent obstructions. They’d just have to wait it out. He bit back the soothing noises that rose in his throat, threatening to escape into the room, rested his hand firmly on his own thigh, for it wanted to run down the crest of the man’s hip, soothe the muscles of his back as the tremors died.
fly without magic, we’re going to up the stakes a bit so we’re ready for the big day next weekend. We’re going higher, and you’re going to have a full minute of free-fall. Well, under natural conditions, at least.”
“No, I don’t know where he works, but I assume in the medical field. No idea how tall he is – taller than me and taller than Harry but I didn’t get out a tape measure, Sherlock. How old? 60? Maybe? I didn’t ask to see his driving license, for Christ’s sake. Accent? I’m not the accent expert, you berk. British. London. I don’t know. Why does it matter?”
“Good. Now, please tell me why you are so adamant that your father not know about your sordid little love triangle. He’s no angel himself, Scorpius. It might be a father-son binding moment.”
Perhaps this was born from his years in the service, from the home-grown need to triage and treat with no time for extensive analysis and certainly no room for second guessing. He certainly wasn’t one to waste time and energy in sorting through possible scenarios when a potential solution was already obvious. He was a man of action, not a thinker, or a schemer. These characteristics gave him exceedingly quick response time, and a very deliberate trigger finger.
John smiled. He doubted that Sherlock had ever dated anyone, his current husband included. “Why don’t you drop in on him one day this week?” he asked. “You just need to see how he’s arranged the flat – what personal possessions he’s put about – maybe the pieces will fall together then and you’ll know what he’s really all about.”
“Right here.” John glanced at Lestrade, gave him an encouraging smile. He held his hand out so Sherlock could see the damage. “I was stung – right about the same time you had the seizure. I must have shouted – Lestrade heard and came to investigate.”
It was done in the same fabric and the same colour as Sherlock’s, but without the overabundance of buttons. However, the shiny midnight blue buttons on his robe did appear to have some sort of embellishment – an embellishment he certainly hadn’t requested.  It was the Caduceus emblem, the twisted snakes used as the symbol of the medical profession. A very thin, very small gold outline. He bent closer to look and swore he saw a tiny tongue dart out from one of the snakes’ mouths. He bit his bottom lip, wondering if Rosie had played a part in jazzing up his robes just a tiny bit.
He quickly shook his head. “I just wanted to distract Sherlock from the head games – it’s not good for him. He was having too many seizures, not getting enough sleep either. He told me he spent time here as a boy, and never got the treehouse he and Mycroft planned to build.”
He rubbed the heel of his left hand with his right, holding both hands in his lap, finished for now – for quite a while, if the pain running from his thumb down into his arm was any indication – but already in possession of a grim determination he hadn’t had before.
John had taken his leave then, occupying himself with a new task - two of the patients were being transferred out, deemed fit enough to return to their families, and he had paperwork to compile and case files to complete. He understood, of course, that Mycroft was taking pains to free up his time so he could spend more time with Sherlock and the
“Ah. Well, then.” John cleared his throat as Sherlock continued his examination. “A treehouse - twelve or fourteen feet up - looks like there are  - were – eight – nine - ten stepping boards. Quite old - the tree has nearly swallowed most of the boards. They’re sturdy.” He tugged on one of the steps, and it didn’t so much as wiggle. “Don’t you think it odd to find a treehouse at a guest cottage?” he asked.
Perhaps he doesn’t know why he forgave her. Perhaps he never really did. Perhaps he admired her for her clever lies, her subterfuge. Perhaps he hated her for it. But in the end, he’d given John what he wanted. What he thought he wanted.
John glanced around the room, at the wrapped presents under the tree, the shredded wrapping paper, the opened gifts his friends had brought his daughter, the empty wine glasses.
It really wasn’t the end of the world. Molly was in there, after all, and she could monitor Sherlock and insist on a break. And it was the first day - there was surely quite a bit of material to cover before he’d be able to dive back into the project.
“I understand. Spreading out those eggs so they’re not all in the same basket. If Sherlock implodes, you’ll still have your more traditional team, hard at work.”
“Seventh?” Sherlock frowns and considers, taking the phrase more literally than it was intended. “Third,” he corrects with a smile, but he doesn’t offer any explanation.
John reddened. “I’m sorry - I... I just assumed. You don’t - didn’t ever - speak about her. She’s not come to visit, has she?” He realised the question was more of an accusation, and looked away with a shrug.
“He seems content here,” John mused. “Perhaps he just needs time to recover – to find his voice again.”
Sherlock smiles – the first genuine smile he’s smiled in years, and the other man walks toward him and without pause, passes through the doorway, flesh and blood and bone and not a specter, into Mycroft’s building.
“Could you do anything about that colour?” asked Sherlock after a peaceful moment soaring over the South Downs.
“Ginny Potter is sleeping with Scorpius Malfoy,” Sherlock informed John as their train left the Littlehampton station. John glanced up at Rosie and Al, but they were several rows ahead of them and couldn’t possibly hear the conversation.
”Oh for fuck’s sake, Sherlock!” John whispered to him, then pushed two fingers against the pulse point on his neck. ”Fuck Sherlock, your heart is racing! What did you take?!”
”Because John, to be honest here. I’ve waited years for you to come around. But when you got married, I decided that I had to let go. Okay? So forgive me for finding it a bit ironic, this little change of heart of yours.”
He thought he had been prepared, but when his eyes landed on Sherlock’s name, John thought he was going to be sick to his stomach.
“Oh, Sherlock, god, yes-” he panted, and then in a moment of clarity, forced himself to add, “Are you really sure about this?”
Sherlock was absolutely motionless. Was he even breathing anymore? Unsure. He felt unable to form a single thought.
”You’re shivering.” He squinted his eyes to see better in the dusky flat. ”And your lips are blue. God, Sherlock, you need to get out of those wet clothes right now.”
”This is amazing. We’re going to have so much fun there, you and I,” Sherlock kept on, and now it was John’s turn to choke up a little.
He can’t form coherent thoughts anymore. Nothing exists now, nothing but arousal and need and an odd ache in his chest that he can’t put his finger on.
. Doesn’t dare to look up to meet John’s eyes, waits for a reply but when one second has passed without John saying anything, he panics. ”Obviously, I completely understand if you can’t and, ha! Just a silly thought really, never mi-”
John struggles to hide the thousand questions that pop into his head, wishes he could leave the room, get some time for himself to just sort out the myriad of different emotions running through him.
He had thought that all was lost, back then, but here he was now, given yet another chance. This time, he knew intuitively that nothing would go wrong. Things had been sorted; sorted properly. It had all been so complicated, back then, so difficult and uncertain. But not anymore. He smiled.
Sherlock looked disgusted, but made a slight, humming sound that John took as confirmation that even Sherlock, somewhere deep down, knew that this was true.
touching. His voice was the only sound, the only sensation in the absolute blackness. “Tell me I’m not wrong.”
He squared his shoulders and continued on his way, the clothes Mrs. Hudson had turned up arranged in a neat pile in the wheelchair he was pushing, leaning against it with his stomach to compensate for the weak left hand. They smelled a bit of pipe smoke, and belonged to another day altogether. Turn of the century, he thought. Even the colour was off – he couldn’t decide if the suit was brown or purple.
“It doesn’t like you, John,” Sherlock said. He’d stopped midway through his bored circuit around the perimeter of the garden to watch the crow’s posturing. He was clearly amused.
“Any special requests, Mr. Holmes?” Madam Malkin asked as she snapped her fingers and the tape measure wiggled up through his pants then out through his fly, which he hadn’t realised was open.
“I can at dinnertime on a Thursday,” John insisted. “And we have to hurry. I’ll explain as we go. I’ll get the dark glasses and hat for the next time – for now we’ll have to do with the shawl. Put it around your shoulders and over your head. Try to look old and feeble. I’ve told Molly that I’ll be taking the old man out and warned her that he doesn’t want to see anyone. With his reputation, they’ll all be staying as far away as they can.”
What John never did consider, however, was that Sherlock Holmes wasn’t the only one who needed to heal.
The door to the loo, no less, or what he hopes is the loo in this tangle of stuffy corridors and lavishly appointed offices in his brother’s office building. The sign indicating that this door does indeed lead to the loo is a brass plate with the letters WC engraved on it and the whole thing is not much larger than a postage stamp. He turns the knob and pushes the door open but before his foot crosses the threshold, he stops abruptly.  Something is off – the smell, the lighting, the amount of space opening up before him.
Gateman was another generous statement. The man was dressed like a gardener, far too old to serve, and had a weathered look about him, as if he’d spent more time in the sun than indoors. John had the feeling that he watched the car until it was out of sight down the drive, and the feeling of being watched did little to calm his increasingly jumpy nerves.
Because it was abundantly evident that Sherlock, or Mycroft, had chosen each person on staff here for a specific reason that went far beyond their ability to perform their primary role. Mrs. Hudson was much more than a housekeeper, Billy more than an aide, John more than a medical doctor. And Molly….
No – not nervous. He was practically bristling with anticipation, and what he was feeling wasn’t really nerves at all. An honest examination of his motivation and his emotional state would reveal that he was nearly itching for the anticipated fight.
As he resumed the exercises, forging forward uncomfortably, Molly stood, squeezed him on his injured shoulder, and walked out of the room, closing the door gently behind her.
“A game he can’t win,” Sherlock said, gripping John’s hand. “He has his fingers on the players, but he doesn’t understand the variables.”
John, not a dim-witted man by any means, but one who was, on principle, opposed to the kind of subterfuge he thought he understood was happening here, especially when it involved himself, avoided looking at Mrs. Hudson, choosing instead to study the young man stretched out beside him. He vaguely resembled his brother, but was decidedly younger, with a full head of short, messy curls and high, sharp cheekbones that stood out in a too-thin face. What role in the war could this man possibly have had that elicited such lavishly ridiculous secrecy? Swapping him out for his dead grandfather? Had the old man not even had a proper funeral?
“And for that reason, he is back in his room, having lunch with Miss Hooper and resting.” It was Major Sholto who spoke, and John turned obediently to face him, Anderson forgotten. John didn’t interrupt to remind him that Mycroft had said they were setting up the work room as well. “A telephone is being installed in your office today, Captain Watson. The purpose of this line if to communicate directly with you, as you will be the sole point of contact between Sherlock and Miss Hooper and your contact at Bletchley Park. You will be notified in advance of the arrival of a courier. The courier will deliver a package directly into your hands. These deliveries will be frequent but with no regular pattern. The package may be disguised as pharmaceuticals, medical supplies or reports, and the courier, and his vehicle, will not always be the same. Don’t accept a delivery if you haven’t been called ahead and told to expect one. All calls of this matter will be placed between seven o’clock and eight o’clock in the morning.”
He’d not seen Charlie Weasley in years. True – he’d contacted him to retrieve his wand once he’d moved back in with Sherlock, but Charlie had sent it back to him via Muggle post, as requested. He climbed the remaining stairs, hand outstretched and wide smile on his face, but Charlie grabbed his hand and pulled him into a hug.
A balding man in a bespoke suit walks by the door and pauses to straighten the brass number placard until 221B is perfectly horizontal. He smiles in satisfaction, tips his hat to the landlady in the window, and walks unhurriedly away.
“Where are you?” the man asks. His voice is rough with disuse and tinged with disbelief. “No – strike that. What did you think you’d find behind this door?”
“Of course. Apparently, he needs remedial broom lessons. I expect I’ll be a natural at it, so a fast broom will do.”
Another face joined Al and Rosie. This one was framed with sleek black hair pulled back from his face and sported a prominent nose. Severus Snape stared up at him.
Sherlock caught his eye. “Only that you loved her. You were devoted to her. I guessed a bit more. Would you rather tell me about her than about your father?”
“It’s all a game, John Watson,” he said at last. He picked out a quick tune on the keys. “So let’s change the rules a bit. I’ll tell you a bit about the Major, and in turn, you tell me a bit about your wife.”
Sherlock forms the words carefully, both reluctant and relieved to admit it. “For some time now. In my flat.”
221B greets them.  It’s silent as a tomb, the furniture enshrined in dust-covered sheets. They stumble through and John drags them both to Sherlock’s bedroom.  They fall together onto the stripped-down bed and cling to each other in relief, holding tight to solid belief beneath their fingertips.
They went through it once, with fumbles and foibles, learning the rhythm together, two separate hands and souls awkwardly keeping pace with each other.
Mrs. Hudson knew, and she wished she had someone in her life to love her like Sherlock loved John, or like John loved Sherlock. Someone special to bring her tea when she was under the weather, to share her pillow, to make her laugh when she was feeling particularly low. Mrs. Hudson truly didn’t care who loved whom, and she thought both Sherlock and John well-deserving boys who’d paid their dues and had won the right to be left alone.
“Is there an emergency?” John asked, standing and excusing himself with a promise to return to finish the game. Privately, he thought that it didn’t take much to get Annie to cry, but he kept that thought to himself.
She gave Sherlock a final, fond, look, then moved past John to the door. “I don’t want to miss my ride – Mycroft’s cars are so much more comfortable than the train.”
When dinner is done, and Rosie is tucked in bed with her beloved bee, John settles in his chair, feet on the ottoman in the warm oatmeal-coloured socks with blue heels and green toes Molly gifted him, and is surprised when Sherlock drapes the scarf around his neck from behind, then wraps it until even the ends are tucked up against his chin.
John’s hand trembled. He looked up to find both Mrs. Hudson and Billy still staring at him expectantly.
John left the door ajar as he worked at the piano, an hour a day, every day. He wasn’t expecting to see or hear Sherlock, not after the first day or two when he’d pause with every creak of floorboards or rattle of windowpanes as the wind tried to push through the old house. On the fourth day after Miss Adler’s disappearance, he finally succeeded in a slow and stilted two handed C Major scale. It wasn’t pretty, or nuanced, but it was music.
“Come,” he said. He was pushing his own limits, John knew, with the invitation, with the few words he forced himself to utter. John had a very good idea that if Sherlock hadn’t been there, Lestrade would have remained mute.
“Since the roof fell in on him – oh – you wouldn’t know about that, would you?” John looked back and found her staring at the man, concern – and something more – affection, perhaps? – evident in her eyes. “That was before Christmas, and Mycroft – Mr. Holmes – had him brought here from London in February, just after….” She trailed off, apparently unsure how much she should divulge.
They’d not grown up here – Sherlock had talked of visiting, hadn’t he? But the garden behind the gate was clearly set up for children, or had been once. Of course, their father – or mother, perhaps – had grown up here. But why lock up a garden? A play yard?
“My project. The work. Right.” Sherlock steepled those long fingers in front of his mouth and looked extremely thoughtful for several moments. Molly seemed vaguely uncomfortable. She’d just looked away from John, back toward Sherlock, when he suddenly lowered his hands.
. He mentally sounded out the name, finding it just as unusual as Mycroft, but decidedly more pleasant, less sharp, less self-indulgent.
John still felt taken over by an extremely strong sense of detachment. Then he remembered the phone in his hand, pressed it to make the screen light up.
”Do you know which particular skill makes me so good at this, John?” Sherlock asked, while looking up at him through those long lashes.
”First of all, you know I don’t even like children. Secondly, I don’t want to be tied down. And thirdly, if I were able to conceive, that would surely have happened by now, don’t you think?”
”It’s upstairs, in your old room,” Sherlock said and grabbed John by the hand, impatiently dragging him up the stairs to the floor above.
”Then what’s the harm in risking hearing it again? They won’t discharge you for another two hours. Do you have something more important to do perhaps? Watch some more of that stimulating daytime television in your comfy observation room?”
He was sitting next to Sherlock in the backseat of the police car, as it slowly moved through the London streets. They’d given their respective addresses to the policeman driving the car.
Sheila was one of the five mothers in Mary's neighborhood baby group. John had met her and her husband on a few occasions, and thought they had been sleep-inducingly boring.
”It can be difficult,” she says after a while. ”It took me quite a while to get over my ex-husband, even though I was the one who ended it.” A pause. ”…maybe you still have some feelings for your ex?”
Maybe he was imagining half of it, but John really thought he could see all sorts of reactions cross Chris’ face, although it only lasted for a few seconds. John saw utter surprise, then confusion, and then, unfortunately if he was right, disgust.
"I will make sure this man feels the full force of the law. Cruelty to animals is not something we take lightly,” he said and just for the fun of it, shot John a stern look. John looked happy. Happy and very attractive.
“Well, alright. You've traveled far, and I wouldn't want to ruin your visit to our fine city. I'll take your word for it, and we'll just forget about this incident, for this time.”
It could have been awkward, leaving the sofa and walking upstairs together, but it’s not. It is, however, not so easy to get his feet to cooperate - a wee bit difficult to walk quietly. Or straight.
”Mr. Holmes, dealing with emotions and relationships with other people, you know. Those are things that can be learned. Practiced. We don’t all come into this world knowing intuitively what to do. In fact, most people don’t. This is the type of thing I work with. I help people learn new skills.”
John’s grip had been broken by Sherlock’s movement. They were just standing in front of each other, so close but not touching, and John was faintly aware that he was staring with his mouth open.
It was only John, now. Only John that existed for Sherlock. He heard himself whimper, and he heard John respond with a groan.
“Your word,” he scoffed. “You say things last night were beyond your control, John. So pray tell, what makes you think they’ll always be controllable in the future?”
”John, John,” Sherlock whimpered. John reached over him with his free arm to grab a pillow, pushed it in under Sherlocks belly.
Sherlock smiled back, big grin, then leaned forward and kissed him back. Not a chaste little peck, this; no, this was a wet, sloppy, tongue against tongue sort of kiss, John knew one when he saw one.
For a long moment, Sherlock just kept looking down at his drink. In a swift motion, he then finished it off in one big gulp, although the glass had been almost half full.
He takes it out from his pocket, sighs. ”My daughter got a mobile from Father Christmas. Unfortunately.” He scrolls through the texts, smiles at the images. ”I thought we had an agreement about this, but my ex-wife seems to do a bit as she pleases. I mean, Rosie’s five, for God’s sake!”
”Must have been hard,” John says, keeping his voice down so that the officers in the front won’t hear.
Sherlock tried to swallow but his throat was still too dry. He felt detached from reality, as if this was all happening in slow motion.
“Something like that,” John said, not acknowledging how close Sherlock’s guess was. “And something about needing some emergency medical supplies down here, and better chairs, and a bed or at least a sofa so you can rest if you do have one. And something to eat - snacks or fruit or even those shortbread biscuits you….”
“No?” She laughed, and her laugh was as dangerous as her voice, as her beautiful and cold appearance. “I disagree, Dr. Watson. Mycroft Holmes owes his life to his brother. He is indebted to Sherlock. Sherlock could ask anything of him, and he’d comply.”
“No buts,” Rosie declared. “Concentrate on those pond water slides, Sherlock dear.” She stood then leaned down and mussed his hair. “We’re off then – thanks for watching the baby.”
mental construct. Archived memories and knowledge, organised with a system of my own creation to facilitate immediate retrieval and conceptual analysis.” He paused, studying John’s face. He looked – surprised? John closed his mouth with an effort.
“You have a story, John Watson. Something more than in your military records, I’m sure. Something even more than Mycroft learned of you with
“Those are real buttons,” John said, watching as Sherlock worked to fasten them. “With button-holes. Not just decoration.”
“I think I’d like to do things to you I haven’t yet done,” Sherlock said. He was rather breathless now, after John had wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s hips, bucking up against him as they kissed.
“The problem is that he’s a prick.” Sherlock scowled and pulled his knees up against his chest. John was forever incredulous that Sherlock, now almost 68, was still able to get into that position. And that he referred to his 75-year old brother as a prick.
Lestrade spoke more often, sitting beside Molly for tea, and there was something there, nascent and tentative, but deepening as the days grew shorter and their slow walks around the garden grew longer.
Tuesday was one of those rare days when Sherlock, tasked with an odious case involving a minor royal who’d fallen into the expected sort of trouble minor royals so often do, found himself awake, showered, dressed and out the door before John and Rosie even stirred.
Sherlock leaned over John to address Rosie and Lily. “Would he like to drive a train in the London Underground?” he asked. “I’m owed a favour and could bring him along.”
Sherlock glances at the violin. He hasn’t played since that night, but John has asked him to play, and he can’t refuse him.
