Honestly, it was hard to say how he had felt right after Sherlock’s return. He was happy, of course, but by that point, he had so much sorrow inside it was hard to let it go, and sometimes Sherlock’s face just reminded him of the pain he had to go through when he saw him jump from the roof and which he felt every day since.
None of these things could top the one gift John received that he never considered throwing out, or selling, or destroying in the following months. One day Sherlock just returned to the flat and called John to show him a bulldog pup he was holding. John was at a loss seeing the small creature wag his tail at him.
If you're bored you can hit me up on tumblr: https://pomidorfriend.tumblr.com/   . I kind of made a (terrible) moodboard of all the things John's getting.
John hasn’t cried much since Sherlock’s funeral, only at night, when he woke up from nightmares. This nightmare has finally ended and he could, at last, let the tears flow.
“Oh, John, me and Sherlock will never work out. I have no interest in sabotaging anything, in fact, I’m hoping to move things forward.”
But when he looked into Sherlock’s eyes he saw a shadow of his own feelings and it made him draw a sharp breath. Fine, he could let Sherlock have this.
He didn’t hurry, even though taking the ready meal and pouring the wine wasn’t a demanding task. Sherlock stared at him half in amusement and half in disbelief as he put the things on the bedside table and sat back on his lap.
He busied himself with ordering sushi and cooling the wine, among other preparations, until he heard the unmistakable sounds of Sherlock approaching.
Sherlock’s reaction was even worse. He stomped in John’s direction with such madness in his eyes, John was honestly prepared for being hit. However, Sherlock just caught his arm and dragged him out of the bar.
He loved the sensation of Sherlock entering him, holding onto him tightly and feeling closer than ever. His cock was a familiar shape and size, it belonged to John and it would belong to him forever, as would the rest of Sherlock. While Sherlock pushed into him, John thought with amusement that, even though they will be wedded shortly, no official could make them more connected than they were at this moment.
It had already been three days since the funeral and John still jumped up with desperate hope anytime someone came to visit him.
He realized he called Sherlock out on his weird kink in front of a group of people, some of them well acquainted with them. Somehow, he had a feeling he also didn’t help his whole ‘not being gay’ argument.
When John shoved the box in his direction, Sherlock completely ignored it and just opened his mouth expectantly. John sighed and complied, picking a black macaroon and pushing it through Sherlock’s mouth. It was not the first time he fed the childish detective. Occasionally, when Sherlock was immersed in a case for too long and John, anxious his friend would faint at some point, grew tired of asking him to just eat a little, he force-fed him. While Sherlock was usually compliant, he never looked at John in those moments, not like he did now. His gaze was known to be piercing and John found himself wondering if Sherlock was checking for some clues, if he was in the middle of some bizarre experiment conducted on John.
Sherlock left before John had the chance to see him again. He wrote him a message that he was abroad working, no doubt another ridiculously well paid demand of his brother’s. John was a bit pissed at him, because he wasn’t at the clinic for the next three days and could accompany Sherlock if the other just asked, so he ignored the text. Maybe it was for the better that his stupid flatmate went away after that fight, but John was now undecided what to do with his time.
“Once you’re mine I will make sure to give it to you whenever you want,” Sherlock started, his voice coaxing.
And John was afraid of thinking about it. He was frightened of imagining it, because every time an image passed his mind it was one of his submission, of Sherlock taking him, using him, pleasuring him in a way that John had no control over.
A week later he gave John a new detective story that John wanted to read, because he apparently ‘found it by accident on a street market, and thought maybe John would like it’. John doubted that a book that was just published two months ago was already on street markets, but he let it go.
Nonetheless, John was still shocked to see their hotel. It was a structure of luxury wooden tree-houses connected by bridges. It must have cost a fortune and the hotel was full of guests for the ceremony. John was very glad it wasn’t Sherlock paying for all this for once, he was fairly sure that would need another of his international security jobs to ever afford.
Back home only Lestrade and Mycroft knew about their relationship, John didn’t want to explain himself to people when he didn’t know if they were really dating. Here, he allowed Sherlock to call him his ‘partner’. It was true either way.
He guessed that was what Sherlock meant when he said he would make John see himself as he saw him. John felt ashamed to be excited by the sight of his own body. He was so hard and he only wanted more, he wanted Sherlock to put more than his fingers inside and he wanted to see himself in the moment Sherlock entered him. He wanted to see the pain and the pleasure.
John’s coming out wasn’t much of one, really. It was a coming out of the bedroom, if you will, Sherlock’s bedroom at that, in Sherlock’s shirt and red briefs on his otherwise naked body, with visible love marks all along his thighs, into a room full of police officers and Mrs Hudson.
The vibrator is actually smaller than a cock, at least his cock, and Sherlock’s as well, as far as John could tell from the feel of it against him a couple of times. It was still quite long and most people used a smaller, finger-shaped one as their first anal toys.
The towel helped a little, but it was too late. Everyone saw this. Which was the point, but it didn’t make it any easier.
And then he just stopped. John was already panting, but he was too proud to ask for anything just yet. He wasn’t going to beg Sherlock just because of a fucking ice lolly, no matter how weirdly erotic that felt.
“Do you,” Sherlock started, his eyes closed to focus, “John Hamish Watson, take this man as your lawfully wedded husband?”
Sherlock made a low sound in his throat and moved his hands to John’s waist. He tried to push John down on the couch but John caught his wrist and straightened his body.
John didn’t expect Sherlock to have a will written, but he supposed the detective was prepared for the possibility of his death. He did commit suicide after all.
And reach Sherlock did. He kept his movements slow, touching the side of John’s face first, watching John as if he was something fascinating. His hand tipped John’s face a little higher while he moved on the pillow, close enough to kiss John again. He kept the kisses languid, but there was a sensuality underneath, and it made John’s heart leap in disagreement with his still foggy head.
John did indeed know, but he didn’t want him to stop. He was ashamed and slightly alarmed, but he was also very curious about what Sherlock would do. Scratch that, he was hopeful about what he might do.
Sherlock busied himself with adding more lube on his fingers unhurriedly, irritating John further. But when John felt not two but three fingers enter him slowly he whimpered loudly and Sherlock drew back. Really, if he wanted to make John feel like he was completely in his control, he should have been less afraid of hurting him.
Sherlock looked at him in a tortured manner and John could see the case was calling out to him, but he also really didn’t want to move. He leaned up and gave Sherlock a peck on the lips, only to push him off a moment later.
When they were back in their room, the first thing John did was to go out on the balcony that had a jacuzzi and run the tap. Sherlock looked at him imploringly, visibly worried.
“What, are you playing some snogging sugar daddy? Well, newsflash, you are not rich enough to play the role and I am older than you!”
He almost spit it straight at Sherlock when a woman with nothing but ropes on passed next to their table and disappeared somewhere behind a red door.
He managed to not talk to Sherlock at all, up to the moment they were leaving the hotel. He suspected Sherlock made himself easy to avoid.
It suddenly becomes very clear to him why he wanted to get fucked by Sherlock so much. He understands it, but he tries not to imagine Sherlock driving into him, concentrating instead on the feel of the toy inside him, of moving it in and out, on increasing the setting to four, then to five.
As soon as the case was solved, things changed. Well, nothing was actually different, except for the fact that now John had all the time in the world to overthink it. He tried not texting Irene for a while, maybe her distorted ideas about relationships wouldn’t seep into his head that way. Not that it worked. Sherlock was his usual, bored-between-cases self, but sometimes he looked at John in a way that was entirely too intimate for John not to notice it. Maybe he always looked at him like that, John wouldn’t know, he wasn’t a genius detective who spotted every little detail.
By march, John had a wholly functional kitchen, with gas pipes in their places and other extravagancies such as heating and electricity. John didn’t help much in the process, but it took him a lot of motorcycle trips to Eastbourne. He wanted to use a clean, renewable energy source, and a mix of solar and wind energy had been advised to him, with the region being both one of the sunniest in Britain and hit by strong ocean gales. John didn’t fully understand how it all worked, but he paid a considerable amount for it. Clean energy wasn’t for poor people, but since Sherlock left him a truly ridiculous inheritance, he hoped in the future it would turn out to be a more economic and self-reliant option. In the meantime, he took up simple woodwork, constructing shutters, a table with two chairs, and a few shelves. They weren’t perfect, but he was proud of his efforts and it gave the house a quaint air.
Sherlock’s newfound fame was indeed a problem, and it seemed to get Sherlock into the strangest of moods, that turned into anxious excitement upon Moriarty’s return. John was more than ever confused by Sherlock’s changing attitudes: there were days Sherlock was sweet and driven to please John, only to change into him being a total dick a day later. There seemed to be no pattern, no logic to this, but John felt Sherlock carried a weight of something that he didn’t care to share with John.
Sherlock was moving, still unhurried but no longer languid, and John found himself on his back with Sherlock leaning on top of him. His kisses travelled from John’s lips to his neck, and John felt the unmistakable stirrings of arousal. He put his hands on Sherlock’s chest and pushed him back a little, and Sherlock raised without any protest.
John swore those insects were the biggest threat when it came to Sherlock’s attention. He could imagine Mrs Pot irritation when Sherlock returned asking tons of questions about them.
“Because I didn’t know what it meant! I thought you were just being nice! Return the things and don’t buy me anything more.”
He was going to ask Sherlock if he was in love with him. What was he thinking? He was not prepared for the answer, whatever it may have been.
“I made –“ John drew his breath in forcibly “You’re right, Sherlock, I am sorry, but I don’t see how one things connects to another.”
Sherlock bit him. John couldn’t believe, Sherlock actually fucking bit his neck and he wasn’t letting go either.
He wondered, after, what would have happened if he had told Sherlock he loved him. He wanted to, every day, and especially at the end when Sherlock’s soul seemed tortured with shadowy terrors. By that time it wasn’t even his pride holding him back from saying it, it wasn’t his stubbornness, it was just hard to do it with all the chaos around them. After all, Sherlock must have known John felt it, there was no way he didn’t see it. John liked to think that way because the idea his refusal to admit it might have been one of the things that pushed Sherlock was too much to bear.
There was no hesitation, no squeamishness in Sherlock’s movements. There was some urgency in this, but John did tell him to hurry up.
“Yes. He is the man that saw the murderer here on Friday. He is unaware of it, and we could question him normally but I predict he won’t be very cooperative. That’s why you will have to do it covertly.”
John was focused on kissing him but he moved other parts of his body as well, almost completely on instinct. His hands roamed Sherlock’s chest and his hips changed position on the detective’s lap. He himself was a little surprised when their cocks touched through Sherlock’s pants and John’s boxers. Sherlock exhaled a heavy breath into his mouth, his chest rising and falling heavily against John’s hands. John moved his lips to Sherlock’s neck, shifting his hips subtly. The need to rut against Sherlock was overwhelming, but he focused on leaving little bites on Sherlock’s collarbone instead.
Sherlock became distracted with looking around the restaurant. John let him, it was true that they had a case, and he trusted Sherlock really had a lead that made them come here.
John thought his life was crazy enough, what with helping a genius consulting detective solve crimes and whatnot. Apparently not, because if your flatmate happened to be Sherlock Holmes you were in it for the full experience.
“You clearly do, John. You don’t have to worry about your reactions, John, it’s simply physical. And we have little to no chance to run back into the people who were there, except for the murderer.”
John realized that denying anything was futile with Sherlock’s hand still posed possessively on his lower back.
For a while now Sherlock’s gaze was becoming more and more intense. John wasn’t much surprised when he heard his next dare.
His traitorous mind reminded him that it wasn’t like this before. John tried to squash this thought, there was no way anything would happen. They were just sleeping. Well, Sherlock was sleeping, John was resting rigidly, overthinking.
Sometimes, when you live with a crazy person long enough, you forget they are, in fact, not right in the head. If John could get used to body parts in the fridge than he could get used to anything Sherlock might come up with.
First, he had to make sure. He felt that he would know what to do, once he was sure of the nature of the things Sherlock did. The detective would be hard to crack, of course, but surely, even he knew he had to show John his cards at some point. It was just a matter of being delicate about it, because John wouldn’t survive the mortification of assuming something wrongly.
What could John want from Switzerland? In his mind arrived only banal associations to the country. Swiss are known for chocolate, watches and what else? Cheese? His mind revolved around the idea of cheese for a while.
They stayed like this, swaying to the melody Sherlock started humming for them. John wouldn’t be able to shake the feeling of dancing even when he laid down to sleep next to Sherlock’s warm body.
“Since Sherlock met you we all noticed that he treated you differently than anybody else. John, people don’t just automatically assume that two men standing next to each other are together, and how many times did that happen to you? There is a reason for that.”
“Nice try, daddy,” he leaned in further to clamp his teeth on Sherlock’s throat, but the sudden change of angle inside him made him bite harder than he wanted, though Sherlock’s sound wasn’t one of protest.
John glanced at the half-eaten box of chocolate-covered strawberries on the table. Sherlock looked at him hungrily while John ate them and John imagined that he just couldn’t wait and that’s why he pushed John against the wall licking the chocolate out of his mouth.
John was aware of the tears that were streaming down his face. His eyes were closed, so he didn’t see Sherlock’s hand moving to hold his own. He opened his eyes, but it was too dark to correctly guess Sherlock’s expression. He squeezed the offered hand and imagined other things Sherlock could do at this moment. He imagined him leaning down to kiss John’s tears, to follow them down to his lips, to make John feel their salty taste on his tongue. He could almost feel Sherlock comforting him with soft pecks, placating him with hands on his face, distracting him with deeper kisses.
He stood still as a statue when Sherlock encircled him in his arms, his hand caressing John’s back soothingly. John blinked against the material of his shirt as Sherlock kissed his temple as if he was a child in need of assurance.
Sherlock met his eyes and something in them must have made him less concerned. He approached John again, one hand low on John’s stomach holding him in place, the other slowly breaching his hole. The stretch was a lot and John closed his eyes, glad Sherlock allowed it this time.
Therefore he was surprised that he got to spend his days in the pool, doing absolutely no work, or being taken to lovely restaurants with Sherlock, who discussed the case with him only half of the time. They roamed the Amalfi coast in Sherlock’s rented cabriolet, and Sherlock didn’t complain that it was drawing him away from his work.
John had no time to react before a paper was shoved in front of his face. He took it from Sherlock’s moving hand to read it properly.
John felt weird with his arse and cock exposed in an elevator. The mirror was big, he could see almost all of himself in it and he looked depraved. He could also see Sherlock taking out a small bottle from his coat, spilling the contents onto his fingers.
John realized then what Adler said about training her subs. He allowed this, Sherlock couldn’t really force him to do anything. He could have backed down, he could still back down, escape before his hardening cock became visible, before he lost all chance of lying his way out of this unhealthy attraction to Sherlock.
John thought, between being irritated and very turned on by that comment. He moved his hand to hold Sherlock’s chin painfully up.
He was also becoming quite aware that the people inside the bar could see them. That made his blush so hard it seemed to break Sherlock’s focus a little.
He noticed the end was different. It was still sad, but there was something hopeful about it. When Sherlock finished, he looked at him through a daze and John was trying very hard not to show the things he felt that echoed to the sound of Sherlock’s melody.
Sherlock’s whole atmosphere changed in a moment. John could feel his body become less relaxed, his hold more constricting. Whatever Sherlock was to say, he expected John to try to detach himself.
The detective’s eyes widened at the sentence. He looked into John’s eyes, looking for a trace of a joke, but John’s face remained serious. In a sudden move he embraced John. His kisses over John’s body were full of affection, his exploring hands more tender than ever.
“Of course you would. You happen to like people looking down at you, that’s why you prefer your women to ride you.” He did not add ‘pathetic’ to the sentence, but John could read it from his expression.
“Why does a mouse go into a trap, John? I told you once before that the one who dominates is not necessarily the one who holds more power. Find the right contrast between supplication and disobedience and work from there. Use your imagination.”
The murderous look Sherlock threw him was nothing compared to the satisfaction of seeing his provoked astonishment when John started lowering himself slowly on the fake cock. He had to stop and balance himself holding onto Sherlock’s arms.
John reached down to tip Sherlock’s chin upward and gave him a kiss. He had no chance to stop his own desire when he felt Sherlock’s hardness against him, so moving it along faster was a better idea if they wanted to make it in time for the ceremony.
If Sherlock felt something for him, he didn’t want to hurt him by giving him hope. If Sherlock felt nothing, John didn’t want to hurt himself.
“You’re right. Sorry about being so inquisitive, I’m just really curious about the whole situation. My friend is something of a mystery to me.”
John could survive hard kisses and travelling hands, but Sherlock didn’t allow him any distance. No space to protect his mind and body. No time to protect his dignity.
“But you know this part well, don’t you?” he asks running his finger over his tip, “Nothing interesting here.”
“John, please,” Sherlock had his hands raised in a placating manner, “I never wanted to leave. I had to protect the man I love and my friends, this was the only way.”
Sherlock groaned and John was pleased and amused by his frustration. He forgot about a tiny detail though. Sherlock had an extremely sexy trembling baritone. In fact, it was one of the things John noticed about him right away, long before he thought he might be attracted to him.
He sat in his chair for over an hour overthinking everything and yet still not coming to any conclusion. Only when he heard Mrs Hudson steps on the stairs he raised up.
“Your earnings you spend on things you need. I want you to spend what I gave you on things you want.”
John took his fingers out just to add another one, leaning down to coax Sherlock’s tongue out and suck on it, and he hoped Sherlock felt regret over forbidding him from sucking another part. He showed him how good that could be, Sherlock’s body straining to free itself. He went as far as he could when John started leaving his lap, his arms pulled to their limits.
Oh damn, if Sherlock wanted to play, John would play. Sherlock could go bankrupt if he so wished, it would serve him right.
John told him to take off his trousers before he went to bed and got in himself, turning his back to Sherlock. He felt the bed dip beneath the weight when the other joined him, but it was a big bed, and Sherlock stayed resolutely on the other end as if he wasn’t even there.
“Sherlock, fuck,” the hand on his cock was proving to be a real problem, “You want me to ask for permission to masturbate?”
“John,” Sherlock was smiling at him and John guessed he had to stand up from the couch, even though he was feeling lazy.
“I want you, John.” He replied simply, and John guessed the answer was good enough, so he dragged Sherlock back to his lips by his collar. Sherlock went down enthusiastically.
Unexpectedly harder than resisting Sherlock when he pushed him down and made him beg, was not breaking down when Sherlock surprised him. For instance, John expected to be punished right away when Sherlock returned, had backed away from him right against the counter. He watched Sherlock’s approach with careful eyes, ready to put up a fight if need be, though he was sure he would give in to Sherlock’s touches. He just didn’t want to do it easily. But Sherlock didn’t look at him in the hot, merciless way he did when he wanted to overpower John. He ran his hand through John’s hair tenderly and John blinked.
Of course, there were people who already knew about them. Except for Adler, Mycroft and Lestrade were the two that knew for a long time, though between them, John was sure Mycroft had a much better idea of what their relationship status was. He was pretty certain Sarah knew, from all the times she commented he started dressing better and asked him where he got something and he just answered honestly it was from Sherlock, and because of his general obsession with the detective that made a lot of people think he was gay in the first place.
“Fantastic! Ask for my number from any Holmes, if Sherlock won’t give it. Now you two must excuse me, my friends are waiting.”
His whole body was shaking uncontrollably and Sherlock was patting his hair and shushing his sobs and John was so far outside of his normal state he could do nothing but cling to him. The blindfold was off, his wrists were free, but he still felt bound. Only when Sherlock kissed his teary face all over, he calmed down a little.
So the first time, nothing really happened. The second time, however, he might have gone slightly overboard. And by ‘slightly’ he means that he completely fucked up.
John felt with horror that there were tears in his eyes, seeping into the material of he blindfold. He couldn’t even speak when Sherlock started biting along his back, on his tights, his shoulders. It hurt, more than anything Sherlock ever did to him and John wanted to beg him to bite him harder, but he was so close to bursting he was fairly sure he would die if Sherlock didn’t remove that wretched thing from his cock.
“John” funny how one word could convey so much “When I kiss you, I want you to enjoy every second of it.”
John was so damn happy Sherlock was out on a case right now and he could enjoy a long, calming shower after thirty-four hours of work with very little sleep in between. A virus had caught most doctors, so he was filling in for others constantly this week. Sherlock was very unamused that he had to run the streets of London on his own, and John would very much like to help him with what was turning out to be a very interesting case, but work was work. So they barely saw each other this week and John felt that seeing Sherlock right now, with how tense he was would end in a fight or … some other way.
“This is a punishment, John. I would have spanked you, if I wasn’t sure you would have enjoyed it too much.”
John stood up from his crouching position and raised Gladstone to Sherlock’s face, making the detective run away.
John thought the alcohol would make it easier to explain the situation, but it was tricky either way. He tried to gloss over the fact that he was Sherlock’s kind-of-sort-of accidental sugar baby and focus on their trip to Italy and the kiss they shared, the days after it, the situation at home since the concert. It was clear to him their relationship changed, and now Sherlock didn’t simply ignore it. He touched John in increasingly familiar ways, never enough to call them sexual or romantic, but in ways that he didn’t do before. His fingers lingered on John’s when he handed him a cup, traveled to John’s waist when he was moving him out of the way, landed sometimes on his arm or on his knee when John said something Sherlock considered clever. John wasn’t sure if he was being seduced or tested.
John wouldn’t mind using his mouth on other parts of Sherlock, even if he had no experience of this kind. He wouldn’t mind if Sherlock decided to turn him around and –
John hushed him softly against his lips. It was hypnotizing, closing the handcuffs over one wrist. Sherlock almost escaped with his other hand, but John only waited, holding to the hand gently and Sherlock went back, let John close it around his other wrist. The handcuffs he used were ones Sherlock stole from the police, to break out of them Sherlock would have to dislocate his thumb, which wasn’t worth doing if he was not in danger. How much danger he considered John, of that he couldn’t be sure.
“I did it exactly so you would not be tempted to use it alone. I had miscalculated,” Sherlock admits, with the undertone of amusement, “You should have waited for me, John. I would have stretched you so well, you would be begging for me to use it on you.”
When he left for the pool he didn’t bother covering his bruises. That would probably just draw more attention to it, and he was receiving a fair deal. Couldn’t people just mind their own business?
Of course, it took quite a bit of time to get used to the feeling. He purposely didn’t choose a small one. But once he got used to it, he increased his tempo, Sherlock’s gaze spurring him on.
He reached up with both of his hands to garb Sherlock’s hand, making it slide down to John’s neck and squeezing it around his throat. He didn’t think Sherlock would comply with the silent request, not with the tremor that ran through his arm, loosening his hold. He was surprised when it tightened again with a steadiness that made John’s instinct kick in, his hands clawing at Sherlock’s arm, his mouth opening wide to catch the breath he was suddenly deprived of. But Sherlock didn’t let go, only making his fingers inside John move faster, harder, and John couldn’t even sob like this. His body trashed and Sherlock tightened the hold around his neck, forcing John back against him and up, lifting John up by his neck to a point he had to stand on his toes, cutting his breath flow completely off. It was only a moment but John felt like he was drowning in sensation, his body panicking from the lack of breath, crazed by the feeling of being penetrated with quick and deep thrusts. It was completely dark before his eyes when his orgasm hit, uncontrollable and painful. He would have shouted if he could. Sherlock did loosen the hold around his neck first, letting John catch desperate breaths while he was still coming, the fingers in him still moving.
When they parted, both of them were breathing heavily. John knew that if he wanted them to stop, this was the best moment to do so. When he still had some self-control left.
Sherlock’s face changed so quickly from shock to furious embarrassment and mortification John was not even sure he managed to read all of that correctly before Sherlock angrily left the kitchen.
Sherlock’s eyes bore into him. The hand on the back of John’s seat moved to touch lightly behind his ear, but it wasn’t pushing him, or holding him in place. It just rested there.
It made him start awake. What was he supposed to do? He already used Sherlock’s money, allowing him to think he was a willing participant of this game. But he had no idea of what to ask for. He even considered contacting Irene for what would definitely be some embarrassing advice.
He had no chance against the wet heat and pressure against his nerve endings, coupled with Sherlock’s hand stroking his dick. He wasn’t even embarrassed he came so fast.
His mind did not give him rest, it kept replaying Sherlock jumping off the building over and over. The image of Sherlock’s bloody body on the pavement was seared into his brain, appeared like a phantom when he closed his eyes.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but the way he kissed seemed pensive. His hands skimmed over the places where John’s legs met his hips and it tingled a bit making John jump up. Then, Sherlock opened John’s legs wider and this made John feel very vulnerable and very empty. One of Sherlock’s hand made its way to his perineum and then over the rim of his hole, tracing a circle around it.
The morning made everything seem blurry and dreamlike, but he knew it was real. He kissed Sherlock on his own, unprompted. Even now, Sherlock was not doing much, he kissed timidly back, letting John just caress his lips softly.
John still couldn’t believe what happened. He sat on the impossibly comfortable hotel couch with no clue how this was his life now.
He approached the bar and sat on a high stool, nodding to Sherlock in acknowledgment. He was dripping water everywhere, but it didn’t bother him, the weather was warm enough. Maybe the slight breeze would manage to calm him down a bit if anything went sideways.
John knew Sherlock was fascinated with bees, but he still didn’t quite understand why Sherlock was telling him this. Nonetheless, he followed Sherlock inside the shack, when the other started making way towards it.
John barely managed to read the last line through his angry tears. He was mad at Sherlock for writing it, for playing him, for dying.
Right as John thought this wasn’t so bad, Sherlock retrieved the trousers he left on John’s bed and kneeled before him. John couldn’t really stop the gasp of surprise. Sherlock continued on as if he haven’t heard, asking (demanding) John to lift his leg. Sherlock touched his ankle then, but only to stabilize him while he was putting on the trouser. When he finished he immediately switched to the other leg, in the same kind of weird, calm trance. John was not prepared for the moment when Sherlock started raising up with the trousers, moving along his body, yet never directly touching. When he started buttoning and zipping them up John closed his eyes.
That made John come back to reality, a thing Sherlock was quickly trying to undo by starting to move his hand.
He reached into the shopping bag once again and fished out dark grey gloves. John could put these on by himself, but Sherlock seemed to have a different idea. The moment John took his hand out of his pocket Sherlock grabbed it, not hard, but purposefully, and proceeded to put on the glove. When he passed to John’s other hand John noticed the police were staring at them. Only then he realized that there was something inexplicably intimate in dressing someone, even if those were only winter clothes.
The tall, lanky figure entered the kitchen looking unimpressed upon noticing John’s exasperated face.
Because only his wrists were bound, John could catch Sherlock’s hand in his and raise it to his face.
John really thought that was it, Sherlock’s control finally broke and he won. But when he felt Sherlock rubbing against him desperately, still in clothes, he reared up with anger, though Sherlock pushed him down again.
As if on cue the waiter returned with a bottle of scotch and two glasses, pouring the liquid into them and leaving again with a pleasant smile directed at John. Which was bad planning, as everyone could predict John was not the one paying.
John wanted to fight him, but the finger in his ass was moving and making him weak with both shame and pleasure. He blinked when a second finger joined it without any warning, but managed not to close his eyes. Sherlock was kissing along the side of his face but his eyes went frequently to look at his in the mirror and the sharp gaze made John breathless.
Besides, Sherlock had really nice mouth. Beautiful and skillful. His hands were also lovely: big, sure, unhesitant. Sherlock really wasn’t kidding when he decided to take care of John’s needs. If Sherlock enjoyed this, who was John to expect anything more?
John was getting a bit reddish. He hoped Sherlock would deduce it was from the hot water, but there wasn’t much chance of that.
Sherlock’s cold lubed fingers rested right above his ass and John jumped at the feeling, Sherlock’s other arm moving to catch him tightly around his waist.
“Sure. And you had to buy everything I’m wearing right now, because I obviously don’t own a suit. Or shoes. Or a tie.”
“Is it good? Let me try.” Sherlock said it like an order, and John automatically tried to reach for his already empty glass, but before he could as much as turn his stool around again, Sherlock put a hand on the side of his face, his thumb posed on John’s lower lip, opening his mouth.
Sherlock sighed, irritated, and leaned closer. Thinking that he was to be kissed, John automatically closed his eyes, but Sherlock just started talking softly straight into his ear.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed and he rested his forehead against John’s temple. Free from his gaze, John could observe himself and it was the strangest sort of autoeroticism to see himself like this, corrupted by Sherlock’s presence, no clothes covering his most intimate parts, his body bowed slightly to arch itself more into Sherlock’s touch, his whole countenance desperate for it.
Before John could answer, Sherlock started sucking his neck. It took all of his self-control not to make any more embarrassing sounds, but he couldn’t quite stop his body from shivering when he felt Sherlock’s hand moving up his tight.
John washed up with cold water and went out in a bathrobe. Sherlock had manic energy about him, and John soon saw what made him so.
It was almost a spasm when his knee went up quickly to make contact with Sherlock’s stomach with a force that threw Sherlock to his knees, clutching his stomach, his grunt shocked and accusatory.
But Sherlock stopped. John was already at the point of forgetting the game and allowing him anything, but his words reminded him of what they were doing.
“You should come up with a word that tells me you want to stop,” Sherlock talks from the other side of the room.
It was the most surreal feeling to be suddenly asked by the bride if she could steal his ‘boyfriend’ for a dance. Of course, John had nothing against it. His feet already hurt from how much Sherlock made him dance, so it was a nice break really.
Sherlock took it to heart to embarrass them both by acting overly proud of having John by his side at the wedding. John could see that everybody who knew Sherlock was surprised that someone could bear to date him. Sherlock was showing him off to prove them all wrong.
“John, you must meet with me someday, so I can tell you all the embarrassing stories from his youth.”
John hoped it meant Sherlock changed his game plan. Alas, the world was not so kind to him, as he saw Sherlock motioning him over. It was show time.
He knew full well how it would affect Sherlock and he wasn’t surprised when Sherlock took his foot and raised it to kiss his ankle, but when he pulled on John’s leg to make him lie underneath him, he did it fast enough John hadn’t stopped him.
John’s body seemed boneless. He wanted to go to sleep but managed to remember that he shouldn’t be a selfish prick.
John couldn’t stop looking at himself in the mirror. Around his neck, on his shoulders, there were kiss and bite marks everywhere. It did look like a collar. John wasn’t so sure he didn’t prefer to just wear a normal one. At least then, last night could have been avoided.
The truth of John’s life was that he had little control over the situation when Sherlock was involved. He wasn’t entirely sure how things happened, they just did. Currently, he had little to no idea why exactly he was in Sherlock’s bed, next to the unconscious detective, praying for sleep to come and get him.
Sherlock liked to be torturously slow but he could work with a time limit and John was barely able to catch his breath with the rapid tempo he imposed. He couldn’t stop his gasps and calling out Sherlock’s name in an amazed tone, the whole of his mind and body electrified with every contact.
John sighed heavily. He was dangerously close to murdering Sherlock, and he didn’t think anyone would blame him. But a different approach came to mind, and maybe it was spiteful, and sure, a little embarrassing, but it was so very worth it.
“Every day that I have you so close but can’t do the things I want feels like a punishment,” Sherlock said, his voice deep and beseeching.
“Good,” Sherlock praises and John ignores how that makes him feel, “start from the lowest vibrations.”
Sherlock was minimizing skin to skin contact as much as he could. John could see this, as normally there was no way to avoid touching someone if you were putting their shirt on them. When Sherlock put it on, he stood before him and started buttoning it, not even looking at John. Somehow his whole focus remained on the buttons. His breath was calm, regular. John tried to keep his breath the same way. Sherlock would notice the smallest change.
“Daddy always takes such good care of me,” John said with amusement, softening his voice “can’t I take care of you for once?”
If Sherlock thought he was going to comply with his perversions, he was … he was completely right. Especially when he curled his fingers inside John, making John’s jaw drop and repeated the command in a low voice.
But he did, and he blamed himself for it. It was unfair of him. If Sherlock didn’t want to go any further than this, couldn’t John just be satisfied with that?
The damn bastard returned to his microscope, completely ignoring the fuming John. The doctor decided he didn’t want to be in his proximity any longer and stormed to his room. He started furiously throwing everything he got from Sherlock in the past month on his bed. He was going to throw it away if that’s what Sherlock wanted!
Normally, John would just let it go. It was not in his nature to point out other’s strange preferences, but Sherlock has been a dick about it for the whole night. What’s more, he found it so funny and unexpected that Sherlock, who he considered completely asexual before the Women, and later straight and maybe slightly masochistic, would have such an embarrassing and harmless kink as that.
“I know you would have bought it if I asked but where would be the surprise in that? I thought that I should try it out with you, as you’ve been moody when I played by myself last time.”
He regretted it terribly, even if it wouldn’t have changed a thing. John didn’t manage to say it when people were accusing Sherlock of being a fraud. He didn’t do it when he was talking with Sherlock on the phone, looking at his figure on the roof of St Bart’s right before he jumped, too shocked by the sight.
He left his hands on Sherlock arms for balance. Sherlock wasn’t nearly as proper and left one hand on his back, slightly above his ass, and to make matters worse the hand was now somehow below his shirt. The other hand he moved to the back of John’s neck, below the collar, and pulled him uncomfortably close.
“Oh, were you? Because, it seems to me, Sherlock, that a self-proclaimed genius would be able to come up with a million different ways to get information out of that man. And yet you chose this one. You know what I think? I think you’re trying to confuse me with your mind games, though I cannot for the life of me guess why. And you know what? I’m not just going to sit quietly and do whatever you want me to do. You have weaknesses and I’m going to use them against you if you’re so set on making a fool out of me.”
John had not played this since college but it was the only thing that came to mind. This was a game that could easily be turned into something sensual and he was quite needy lately because Sherlock didn’t care for such things while on a case, but he still kept John up to the promise of not feeling good himself.
But he was angrier with himself. How could he realize, just now, so late, that he should have promised Sherlock anything? How could he know now, without doubt, that he would have been with him forever? Why did he have to realize it?
John started taking off his clothes, to Sherlock’s surprise. When he was completely naked against the humid Thailand air he approached Sherlock.
“Here’s to new experiences then,” John commented, posing the wine glass at Sherlock’s lips and licking off the drip that escaped onto his chin.
Sherlock apparently predicted something like this could happen. He covered John’s lap with a thick towel. Before moving back he leaned once again to whisper into John’s ear, but his voice had its normal deepness back “Are you alright? Can you walk back to our room?”
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice was satisfied but John could see in his expression the torture was far from over.
Sherlock’s hand was getting lower, disappearing beneath the water, the sponge travelling John’s spine. Suddenly, Sherlock pressed it a bit harder and John straightened up, as if he was electrified, with a gasp.
John reacted by slowing down the progress. When he took down his trousers he looked back at Sherlock.
He could have continued, could have made Sherlock lose control or come in his pants, but he kind of admired the restraint it took not to move when he very visibly wanted to. It also seemed unfair, when Sherlock had spared him on his last dare.
Even though Sherlock personally selected and purchased his clothes, John still felt plain in the midst of the people in the Royal Opera House. He should be used to it by now, what with having Sherlock by his side most of the time, but here the lights and the people made everything seem that much more elegant.
The next morning he woke up to find a box on his nightstand. Inside was a cell phone. A freaking cell phone!
He coats the vibrator in lube. This is bigger than his fingers, longer and it makes him slightly anxious so he occupies himself with talking to Sherlock.
https://www.bluebananas.co.uk/products/2017-brand-beanies-knit-mens-winter-hat-caps-skullies-bonnet-winter-hats-for-men-women-beanie-fur-warm-baggy-wool-knitted-hat
He wasn’t naïve enough to think Sherlock wouldn’t control the payments from the card. He wanted Sherlock to know. That was rather the point, or what he understood to be the point Mrs Adler tried to make.
It was strange to feel at once peaceful and excited, but John experienced the strange sleepy restlessness while looking at Sherlock’s lips. He had a feeling he had to move, either to leave or close the distance. When he moved a bit forward Sherlock didn’t react in any other way than to watch him with interest, so John used his hand as leverage to lean over and stopped a couple of centimeters away from Sherlock’s face. The other still just watched, though John could swear he saw the corners of his mouth lift a bit in a little smile. John closed his eyes and moved a bit forward until he could feel Sherlock’s breath mingling with his. Sherlock made no move to close the distance, so John leaned in further, connected their lips, and it was at once a familiar and a strange feeling.
His conversation with Irene went on repeat in his head. ‘Have fun’ she said. How was he supposed to have fun? Why would he even listen to her?
After Mrs Hudson assented, delightfully surprised, he went to grab his jacket and stared at the card holder from Sherlock. It seemed to him as if he grabbed it, he could never go back. At last he snapped out of the silly feeling and took it into his pocket.
When he saw them together instant regret hit him. Sherlock was such a graceful dancer, but with John, he could never look as well as he did with that beautiful woman. Together they appeared as if taken out from a movie, turning the heads of the pairs around them.
Sherlock stopped John by taking Gladstone out of John’s hands and setting him carefully on the floor.
When John stood up it was an early brisk morning and he washed perfunctorily with freezing water by a small outside tap. One thing he had done before coming here for good was having his water and septic tank connection checked. It was still too early for his contractors to arrive, so John decided to walk to Friston. It was only about thirty minutes on foot and the road lead straight to it. He found the Inn Mrs Hudson was staying at and they ate their breakfast there. It was too early for the shop to be open, so he walked back along the forest line to his house, not wanting to miss the arrival of the construction manager. Mrs Hudson would take care of the shopping before she returned to London.
John looked at the man above him and was overtaken with lust at the sight of Sherlock’s face contorted in pleasure. He closed his legs more securely around Sherlock’s waist and forced him deeper, both of them gasping.
When he got lonely, he went to Friston to eat a bigger meal and charge his phone, calling Mrs Hudson, Lestrade, even Harry, at times. From her, he mostly heard he was mad for doing what he did, but even then, it was nice to hear her voice and know she was pulling through, somewhat. On one such occasion, while he was returning, he found a dog waiting on the porch, but it was not Gladstone. Rather, this creature was dirty and looked something of a mix between a spaniel and a lurcher, brown in colour and lop-eared. He approached it cautiously, but the dog seemed friendly enough and reacted enthusiastically when John petted its head. He made it wait before letting it inside, shutting Gladstone in another room in case it turned out to be aggressive or diseased. He prepared a bath in his washbasin, heating the water with his kettle on the gas stove, the same way he did for himself, and washed the dog thoroughly, uncovering some white among the brown in his fur. The next morning, he went to Bernard to ask him to take him to Eastbourne to a vet, and he found out the dog was named Toby and his owner was dead. They had thought the dog was dead as well, but it must have been vagabonding. After it was certain the dog was healthy, Toby became part of John’s household, very happy to have such a companion as Gladstone, though the bulldog was somehow less impressed with his new energetic friend.
By Sherlock’s expression, John could guess he was going to lose and really end up tired at his wedding. Sherlock lost all the obedience he showed one and a half year ago when he came back from the dead. And though John was thankful they managed to come to this point, sometimes he looked wistfully back at that time when he had more control over Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes became instantly focused on him, running down his whole body and raising to meet his eyes. John smirked at the hunger in those eyes. He let Sherlock take off his coat and approach him slowly, cautiously, as if John might escape any moment. John waited patiently, forcing his body to be relaxed, staring at Sherlock’s lips when he leaned down, but the moment they made contact he started stepping back, unhurriedly making Sherlock follow him, keeping eye-contact as a promise it would be worth for Sherlock to go along. His heart was thundering in his chest at seeing Sherlock, the force and eagerness contained but visible in the tightening of his muscles, in the way he swallowed heavily.
He slept the whole three-hour car ride to the Downs. Mrs Hudson was hesitant to leave him there alone, and asked him, repeatedly, to go spend the night in an Inn in Friston, instead of the tent, but he declined and she gave up, promising to bring him breakfast in the morning, as well as buying a few necessities they didn’t bring with them. The weather was warm, so sleeping in a tent wasn’t a problem and he spent the night holding onto Gladstone, though he couldn’t sleep most of it. The only thing that could make him sleep for a sensible time these past few weeks was Sherlock’s elixir, though it had its side-effects and John was also running low on it.
He had to drag his very-soon-to-be husband to the bathroom, but any tardiness was worth it, even if they were scolded by Mrs Hudson for ‘making her take care of everything,’ Mrs Pot agreeing with her enthusiastically and Lestrade between amused and done with their antics.
This was definitely the real Sherlock. Only the original could be this impudent. John tore the ring off his finger and threw it at Sherlock’s chest. It bounced off and seeped into the snow.
Suddenly, Sherlock was no longer occupying the space before his face. He sunk down to his knees, looking very much as if he was going to start praying. John could hardly look at him there.
John smiled to himself and stretched with contentment. One win over Sherlock a night was quite enough.
Sherlock started roughly massaging him and John couldn’t do much more than grunt. This was torture and it hurt in a way that was very exciting. He felt his muscles give under Sherlock’s expert touch. Sherlock moved them over his shoulders and moved his lips to John’s neck.
Whether it was the moment when he agreed to not masturbate on his own or when he started spending every night in Sherlock bed, or if it was even earlier, when he discovered Sherlock was into some rather surprising kinks, John should have realized that he was not mentally prepared to deal with him.
However, to the first point, the day when he was dressed by Sherlock he definitely felt something. He wasn’t sure what it was, but even the memory of this made his heartbeat quicken. And to the second point, Sherlock was far outside of the scope of normality, and did not remind him of anyone else.
Sherlock had his full deduction face on and the sharpness in his eyes made John hesitate before answering his accusation.
Form the very beginning of their liaison Sherlock could play his body like a fiddle. John was sure it had a lot to do with his extraordinary capacity to observe. By now he was practically a master in drawing reactions out of John.
He took Mrs Hudson to dinner in a Greek place ‘Vasis’, which was not anything outrageously expensive, but he greatly enjoyed the cozy atmosphere and his sea bass main dish.
Sherlock leaned down to kiss him again and John felt grateful to have him near at that moment, to have someone he could share a pet with.
There were things that John disliked about Sherlock but they could never outbalance those that he liked. Sherlock was too singular not to appreciate.
Sherlock didn’t answer him. John opened his eyes to see him leaving towels on the shelf and going out without another word.
Don't look at me, I did warn you guys I don't do healthy relationships. Also, sorry for mistakes, I'm terribly sleepy.
John had been blindfolded before. He also had his hands tied before. The blindfold is a velvety, long piece of fabric, probably bought for this very purpose. His hands are tied behind his back, but it would be possible to free himself if he so wished. He’s not planning to, there isn’t much he wouldn’t let Sherlock do to him in the first place and he did promise to take the punishment. For now, it doesn’t even feel much like a punishment: he’s naked, blindfolded and tied on Sherlock’s bed. It sounds more like fun actually.
“Your words are-“ Sherlock started, but the look on his face suddenly changed. He looked like he was considering it.
“Here is a good place,” he told Sherlock with breathless amusement, moving to his balls, “here is nice too.”
It was still pretty dark outside, and Sherlock wasn’t any closer than when he fell asleep, but John’s heart still jumped. The detective was observing him in his usual attentive manner, as if John was a clue. He was silent, and John didn’t know what to say either, so they remained like this, watching each other while the room became brighter.
Though by this point Sherlock was shamelessly tugging on John’s pajamas and John shoved him away harshly with a foot on his chest. Sherlock had a look of a predator on his face and it never failed to make John’s blood sing in answer, unfortunately.
“Yes. A business man, I believe? Likes to eat well but doesn’t have anyone to take with him. He’s not bad looking. Is he gay? But not out?”
John didn’t wait for him to process the situation, he caught Sherlock’s chin and made him look up, in a forceful, restraining way Sherlock sometimes used with him when he wanted to be dominating.
Sherlock used his fingers to prove the point, taking them out of John. The emptiness made John feel raw inside. He wanted them back so bad, he wanted Sherlock inside and it just made him more ashamed of it all. When had he become so weak, so needy? Sherlock was spoiling him, ruining him for anyone else. There would be nobody else who could make him feel like this.
The notebook did provide John with a lot of feelings, good and bad, but reading Sherlock’s words, hearing Sherlock’s voice in his mind, made John feel as if a part of Sherlock was alive, imprisoned between the pages, living inside John. He decoded the words enthusiastically, finding out about all the ways Sherlock imagined to kill his classmates, how lonely he felt sometimes, his strange philosophical thoughts. He could observe how Sherlock’s deducing talent unfolded with age, how his interest in chemistry grew. He could read about many worrying and strange experiments. But mostly, he could just feel Sherlock, and he wondered how anyone, ever, could have thought Sherlock was similar to a machine when there were so many emotions in him. Sherlock did not get infected with John’s humanity, as some people thought, he just showed it more with John. It made John smile and it made John work even harder to stop thinking about the life they could have had together.
The question was said with superficial disinterest but the gaze betrayed curiosity and John smirked.
John wasn’t stupid. Sherlock could deduce very well what John was doing there, he probably knew all of John’s masturbatory routines. But John saw no sense in asking about it.
Sherlock didn’t tell him why they were going to South Dawns, so John assumed there was a client there. He was still in the dark when they arrived on a visibly abandoned patch of farmland, with a half-ruined house in the middle. He looked at Sherlock, waiting for an explanation of what exactly they were doing here.
Mycroft was apparently waiting for him to finish reading. He gave John his cup, maybe hoping sipping tea would soothe him. John threw the mug on the floor, shattering it into small pieces.
It was him. He stood there in his stupid black coat, with his stupid upturned collar, with a stupid uncertain smile.
Sherlock went behind him to embrace him, putting his head on John’s shoulder and smelling his hair like an oversized puppy.
“What?” Before John could even process the command, Sherlock leaned down and bit his nipple through his own dress shirt. John managed to remain quiet only by biting his hand.
He didn’t have much of Sherlock to touch so he kept his hands in his hair. He tightened his grip when Sherlock skimmed over his balls and opened his eyes wide when he felt Sherlock’s tongue against his perineum.
“Can I ask you something? The shirt was for my benefit. Wasn’t what followed supposed to be for yours?”
John took his ankle into his lap, uncovering the skin to give it a kiss. He skimmed his mouth lightly over the clothed leg, reaching Sherlock’s thigh. When he was almost at Sherlock’s crotch, Sherlock stirred.
Professor Chalamet did tell him that she had a crush on Sherlock once. John could see them together, a perfect couple, even though she probably wouldn’t solve crimes alongside him, even though she just got happily married to another man. But the logic of his mind couldn’t reach his painfully gripped heart when he saw Sherlock like this, flawless, far away from John.
There was no other way. He could not break Sherlock’s resolve without losing himself, without giving himself up in this small parts. He was too weak to deprive Sherlock of the things he wanted, he could only focus on refusing to promise him his life. Everything else had to go. Sherlock would not allow him disobedience, neither would he let John keep his shame.
“The truth is, I still don’t know what his accent is. You see, I’m terrible at this sort of thing and he loves to lie to me about it.”
Now, two days later John was looking at the Rolex on his hand. It must have been quite expensive. Could this even be called a ‘little gift’? John felt queasy. Something was wrong. Something was definitely, horribly wrong and he started suspecting what it was.
The man clearly had no common sense. Sherlock, as well as John, could kill him with their bare hands.
The detective woke up when he heard the door opening. He took one look at John and raised his covers making space for him. John laid down. He was fuming inside, but he was also tired and he got used to sleeping in Sherlock’s bed.
He liked to think it was because he was drunk at the time. It was an unusual situation anyway. They went to drink with the new recruits placed under Lestrade’s wing. John was initially surprised that Sherlock wanted to take part in something like this, but then Sherlock leaned down and whispered he suspected one of them of triple homicide and had to collect more data.
Mycroft must have realized talking with John in this state would result in nothing, so he started gathering his things.
Sherlock didn’t seem much disturbed by this. He passed John a full glass of wine and sat down on a stool, next to John’s chest, looking at him.
“We’re supposed to be in an Sadomasochistic relationship. Ideally, you would wear your collar, but here might not be the best place for it.”
“I desire you so desperately, John. I want to be inside you, come inside you. Make you scream. Make you come just from stimulating your prostate. I would do it again and again, all night. I would drive you entirely mad.”
He opens his eyes to see Sherlock is gone and smiles with a bitter-sweet satisfaction. Sherlock is most probably in the bathroom, dealing with himself. It’s a victory then, one he will certainly have to pay up for, but victory nonetheless.
Before he could say another word John pointed his gun at him. Sherlock pressed his lips together, his smile gone.
When John suddenly felt Sherlock’s hand caressing his spine he couldn’t stop his back from straightening and Sherlock’s smirk only grew. Shit, it was now impossible to hide how much it all affected John.
John almost dropped the phone. That was impossible. She was dead. The woman was dead, how could she call him?
John wasn’t exactly drowning in close friends. The closest person to him was Sherlock, and John felt like asking him about what was going on was both pointless and like admitting defeat. His sister wouldn’t be much help, Mrs Hudson already thought they were together, and he wasn’t in regular contact with any of his university or army pals. Greg seemed like the most available option.
“You bastard, you’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” John hissed under his breath. Sherlock smirked against his skin.
Sherlock was applying pressure to his back, massaging him, and god, was he good at knowing where exactly to press. John felt himself melting a bit. This was strange, unsettling, but in some inexplicable way, it also felt very nice.
John met the man before when they were planning the renovation of the building two weeks ago, but the three builders he took with him were new, and John did his best to seem amicable. He knew they thought he was weird for wanting to take part in the construction process and more so for camping out here when he clearly had enough money to find another place to stay. Either way, John was determined to work with them and he stood up at six every morning before their arrival and did whatever they told him to do, bugged them into explaining to him how certain things were done. Pretty soon they started treating him, not like one of their own, but close enough. With every passing day, his body started losing the softness he gained in the city, his muscles toughening with all the heavy lifting. He worked with feverish zeal, and when his body gave out under him, he sat down and observed the green around him and it filled him with new energy. The builders were confused by his persistence in staying in the tent even with heavy rainfall, and even more by his haste to finish before winter. When they went home for the day, John continued simple tasks in the light of a lamp powered by a small diesel generator. He continued until he ran out of strength and ate his dinner, heating it on a portable gas stove, falling asleep in seconds, wrapped securely in his sleeping bag.
“Ah, you must be John Watson” the man took his hand into both of his with a friendly expression, “My niece told me about your blog. I’m not much for technology, but she said your writing was very entertaining. Ah, but she still can’t forgive you for stealing Sherlock away!”
Sherlock was plunging his tongue in, moving his hand over John’s leg, and he was right the night before, there was no tenderness in this.
“I was counting on some more detail,” Sherlock’s hands were playing with the skin on his stomach and chest.
“Don’t stop looking,” Sherlock growled into his ear, tightening the grip in John’s hair in threat before loosening it.
“I don’t know, John. You know, I’ve never been into men, but I can’t say with a hundred percent certainty that I never will. I don’t think you can be too old for that.”
On the other hand, maybe he should find out what Sherlock’s plans with this little experiment were. He wasn’t sure the embarrassment was worth it, but he wasn’t a coward.
“No, that happened a year later when my girlfriend taught me how to properly go down on her,” John replied sarcastically.
After a moment they went to a Vietnamese restaurant, so he supposed all was well and forgiven. It wasn’t that big of a deal anyway.
“Where’s the fun in dominating someone who is naturally submissive? You have a strong character, you’re a leader. A perfect challenge.”
His throat was sore from making all kinds of noise and his body was thrashing with every new bite or suck he received. He really regretted not being gagged. Sherlock was relentless in making him feel the most painful kind of pleasure and John was only thankful he couldn’t see him, so he didn’t have to remember the image. He knew it would haunt him. He never wanted to come so badly in his life. He was quite sure a moment longer and he will lose consciousness.
So they could have some fun. John was quite bored anyway, he could use the distraction of having Sherlock’s attention on himself.
John wanted to go see Naples, and Sherlock agreed without much coercing. To John’s surprise they had a lovely evening of leisure strolls, seeing tourist attractions and eating what was probably the best pizza in the world. John managed to completely ignore the fact Sherlock was paying for everything. Of course, they just had to go by a clothes store. John just had to notice a shirt that said ‘keep cool and listen to daddy’. God, the fates hated him.
Sherlock moved closer to him, adamant on receiving his kiss, but John put his hand on Sherlock’s mouth.
John was often unaware of what caused Sherlock to act the way he did and this time he maybe could have realized sooner, he admits, but how was he supposed to know? Who could ever understand what went on in that brain? Anyway, John feels he should not be blamed for not realizing some things sooner.
John opened the envelope. He instantly recognized Sherlock’s handwriting and fought with the wave of nausea that would make him unable to read it.
“So, do you want to go back to how things were before? Because it rarely works like that. What’s done is done, now you have to decide if you want to move forward or not.”
Sherlock didn’t stop dragging him closer while they talked, so now John put his hands on his chest to put some distance between them.
John was laying on his bed, unable to sleep when suddenly he heard a phone. It was a generic ringtone, and it took him a moment to realize it was the phone he found next to his bed before. He didn’t have time to ask Sherlock about it in the end. He wasn’t sure he should pick it up, but in the end curiosity won.
“In the showers of the rugby club.” That wasn’t actually the only time, but Sherlock didn’t need to know that. Though John supposed he didn’t need to know any of that.
“John,” Sherlock leans down more into his space. John kind of forgot how the word makes him react. “You promised.”
He could feel Sherlock’s hands touch his face lovingly, but a moment later he was gone, and John heard his footsteps leave the room. He wasn’t sure what would have been worse: if Sherlock left him here, caged, for hours, or if he came back to torment him. It wasn’t worth thinking about, Sherlock did return, just as John predicted. Sherlock could deny himself many things, but a show was not one of them.
Sherlock got closer to him and for a moment John wanted to not let him, but he realized he was only taking off the collar. He didn’t even touch John’s skin.
He thought he might finally be getting the upper hand when Sherlock moved back a little, changing the place where their tongues played from John’s mouth to the space between them, letting everyone see. At the same time, the hand on John’s hand moved down to the inside of his thigh. Sherlock’s tongue was delineating John’s upper lip when he started dragging John forward by the hand on his ass, simultaneously opening his legs up with his other hand. John broke the kiss and pushed him slightly back, closing his legs.
His hands moved down and opened Sherlock’s shirt, button by button, at a torturous pace. Once Sherlock’s chest was free, John looked down. God, he loved that milky white skin. He ran his fingernail down from Sherlock’s ear and neck to that chest, wanting to see the skin redden under the touch. When his fingernail teased Sherlock’s nipple, John could see him biting his lip, so he leaned down to give Sherlock more skin to bite.
When they returned to their rooms, he passed Sherlock and closed himself in his bathroom with a bang.
“Raise your arms.” He said softly, but his deep voice made it sound like an order anyway. John asked himself why he obeyed so easily.
Sherlock finished, and John was very relieved that it was over. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could sit still. But Sherlock didn’t let go of his foot. He held it, focused on it, didn’t move.
John didn’t even think to question that command. He sat on it and Sherlock once again kneeled before him. He took John’s ankle, and John felt the warmth of it, even through the trousers. He proceeded to put a sock on his foot and John couldn’t bring himself to look away. It had its own tempo, this dress-up session, an the only word he could find for it was languid.
Throughout summer and fall he found plenty of activities that filled his days, whether in his house or garden, or helping Bernard with crops. He knew all the directions the little road running from his house could take him, the forest paths, where you could eat well in Eastbourne. He was getting better at cooking, he gained more skill in planting vegetables and fruits. Whenever someone asked him about the ring on his finger he answered he was a widower, and he got used to the sympathy on people’s faces. John didn’t allow himself to fall into the static depressive state he lived in after leaving the army and before meeting Sherlock, and he managed to be almost content, but he felt anxious about the coming of winter, though he never would have suspected what the cold winds would bring.
When Sherlock went out, wearing the shirt, he didn’t even look at John. He just asked him where he wanted to go next, and John tried to find as many places as he could before they returned to the hotel.
When the word fell again Sherlock clenched his eyes shut. He opened them only when John reached to stop the video. Sherlock looked at him, with a silent question.
This time it was Mycroft. John didn’t expect to see him after the last time they talked, but the man claimed he was here on official business.
“In a minute I will leave you and you will go to the bar to order something. The man will talk to you. You will tell him about your friend that told you about him that he met last Friday. Try to coax as much information about the killer as you can. Flirt, but not too much. You have a master already, it would be suspicious if you were too willing.”
John wanted to fire just to prove Sherlock wrong, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to. Even if this was just a dream, even if it was some strange ghost invented by his sick imagination, he still couldn’t kill him. Sherlock had the same certainty in his eyes and it pissed John off.
“That’s not what I meant.” Sherlock turned to him and the determined look in his eyes shut John up. “I didn’t want it this way.”
He felt the bed dip under Sherlock’s weight. He expected something drastic to happen but Sherlock just started kissing him. He kept his body away from John’s, only connecting their lips, though he certainly didn’t kiss innocently. John was annoyed by the bonds on his wrists, he itched to bring Sherlock’s body closer.
On the third day of Sherlock’s case John received a package. Inside was a jumper and a note with Sherlock’s handwriting. It said ‘Truce? I think it will suit you. SH’
John felt weird in just his Gucci underwear (a present from Sherlock understandably) and the slightly oversized blue shirt. He felt especially unsettled by Sherlock’s unwavering gaze on him. He knew he had to get back to making Sherlock feel bothered.
John was observing the waves reflecting the lights form the party. Their sound made him a bit calmer.
Four days ago Sherlock completely obliterated John’s laptop with one of his experiments. And now, a completely new one was sitting on the counter. John went closer to inspect it.
“I wouldn’t say you’ve been losing, John. Sherlock must be holding onto the last of his patience by now. He likes pleasing you, use it to distract him.”
Then he moved his hand slightly up, taking two of Sherlock’s fingers inside his mouth, sucking for a moment. He looked straight into Sherlock’s eyes while he did it and smirked at his full body shiver.
The oscillation was the thing that was slowly breaking John’s resolve. Sherlock was everything to him: gentle, caring, rough, dominating, obsessive, disinterested, unreasonable, thoughtful, horrible, amazing. John knew so many versions of him, he got to know the changes in his voice, his expressions, the different aspects of his touch. Sherlock was too much, his body could not contain the grandness of his mind. The changes in him were sometimes too abrupt for John to understand, much less predict, and that was probably why Sherlock was always one step ahead in this game of theirs.
Somehow, the imaginary John landed on imaginary’s Sherlock lap, while the other was moving his hand up and down in the same rhythm that John’s real hand was. Sherlock whispered filthy things straight into his ear. His other hand went to John’s face, pushing two of his fingers into John’s mouth and ordering him to suck. And John did, he did it gladly, riding his cock into Sherlock’s hand and taking his fingers as deep as he could, moaning like a whore, wanting more.
He could feel Sherlock’s amusement, but, at least, Mrs Hudson had enough presence of mind to pass him a bathrobe, Sherlock’s bathrobe, unfortunately, but at least he could go to the bathroom with some dignity. What was left of it anyway.
Sherlock often bought him stuff that was highly suggestive in nature but this time he has really outdone himself. Previously, John just received things like massage oils, lubricants, underwear. Not a literal sex toy like this dick shaped black vibrator. It wasn’t even really about the present, a vibrator was a pretty acceptable thing to give in a relationship, it was about the card that was in the gift box John received by mail this morning. The card was a standard pretty paper that went along with Valentine day gifts (though it was long past valentine’s) but instead of normal wishes, there was one sentence: ‘if you need something inside so much – SH’
Sherlock ordered him some kind of colorful drink and John latched onto the occasion to do anything than think about what was supposed to happen. He shouldn’t be so paranoid about a kiss. He kissed tons of people. Granted, they were mostly girls, but it wasn’t like that made much of a difference.
They didn’t ride a taxi, but a slick black car. Sherlock explained that the club was rather high-class, so they had to arrive like rich people. This once John was happy for Sherlock’s horrible spending habits, if only for the black glass separating them from the driver. The less people saw him the better.
John did take a shower, but he wasn’t allowed to do even that in peace, with Sherlock’s hands wandering all over him. Not that he didn’t like being taken care off, but Sherlock apparently had a plan to kill him with over-exertion when he pushed him onto the bed and showed him the tongue was another part of his body he could use to destroy John from the inside.
At the very beginning, Sherlock, while physically close to him, refrained from having sex with John, hesitant in his approach. John knew he was apologetic for the way he played him before and he was waiting for the moment John would allow him intimacy again. It didn’t take long, John had yearned for his touch far too much to play additional games. The moment he touched Sherlock and opened himself for him, Sherlock became unhinged, letting John feel how much he wanted John all this time, how much he missed him. This time, Sherlock just gave and gave and asked for nothing in return.
John was pliable enough in his hands already. Sherlock held him securely, and John would never admit it, but he really liked the fact Sherlock was taller. He liked how they fit together. He liked Sherlock’s body, although there was nothing feminine about it. He liked his big hands, his long fingers. His smell, his touch, his voice, his mind.
“You fucker,” He was barely beneath shouting, “So that is why you didn’t let me touch you? But you touching me is fine?”
And being pleased by Sherlock was an otherworldly experience. It normally was amazing, but here, Sherlock used even more of his mindfulness to make John feel good. He rolled them around in satin sheets, aching for John but never giving in, focusing that much more on putting John’s body on fire with his touch. John fell asleep every night spent and satisfied, cuddled against Sherlock’s side. He woke up late and Sherlock was adamant about helping him dress, using it as an excuse to tease John with fabrics and to kiss along his body. Along with that, the food they ate, the alcohol they tasted, the breeze from the sea they breathed, the birds singing among exotic trees, made John live in a world full of flavour.
He moved his hand to swipe the wild curls off Sherlock’s sweaty forehead, the movements inside him stuttering. Sherlock orgasmed with John’s name on his lips, his eyes closed and his arms trembling, keeping himself above John. He fell into John’s welcoming arms and John ran his hands through his hair, down his back, while he was regaining his composure.
The second part of the concert was just as good as the first one and John was mesmerized the whole ride back in the cab. He was going to go right to sleep but Sherlock stopped him. He made John sit on the couch and took out his violin.
John came, ashamed with himself. What the fuck was he thinking about? He didn’t have much time to consider it, unfortunately, as at the moment he heard the real Sherlock’s voice calling him. Fuck, why did he have to come back right now?
Sherlock had him in a trance, so John somehow didn’t stumble or stop dancing when Sherlock separated their bodies, putting his hand under John’s chin tenderly to keep his head from looking down. He smiled at John reassuringly and John somehow understood that he was supposed to just keep dancing, so he didn’t react when Sherlock let him go completely, spinning around and generally being a show-off, making John’s heart skip a beat when he seamlessly invaded John’s space again, planting his hand in its initial positions on John’s waist and grabbing John’s hand in his, giving the dance completely new energy.
John shivered. Sherlock was still speaking into his ear and it seemed as if he was making his voice even lower.
John didn’t want to open his eyes. He didn’t want to look around himself and see the faces of the people who just saw John being ravished in public, but mostly, he didn’t want to see Sherlock’s face. He opened his eyes, but looked straight down. Which wasn’t really a very good idea. Now, he could see the outline of his hard cock that rested against Sherlock’s body.
Leaning down to kiss Sherlock, he threw the jacket on the ground without a care. He could feel how much Sherlock wanted to reach with his arms to hold him, stopped by the handcuffs, while John kissed him deeper. His whole body moved to be near to John as he invaded Sherlock’s mouth, holding his hair to bring him even closer. He massaged Sherlock’s scalp with decided movements while he sucked on Sherlock’s lip.
“A sign of ownership. It would be nice if you had one, while I’m kissing you. Make more of an impact.”
The long time it took to talk Mrs Hudson into agreeing to be treated by him and his initial doubts all faded away with the tension languidly leaving his body. He never expected it to feel this good, he received medical massages before, he was able to give them, but this was quite different. The exquisite pleasure of touch and aroma made him forget about his current problems and his mood held up throughout the evening, even when he tried to desperately hide Sherlock’s initials on the card holder when he was paying.
Maybe it was necessary, maybe it wasn’t, but after that John felt the balance of their relationship straightening out. Sherlock used to be in control before his fall, but after, he acted as if he was John’s prisoner, as if he owned him everything. But once John went too far, Sherlock seemed to free the dominating part of his personality he had been keeping in check and it made it easier for him to stop John whenever he was overcome with desperation, and restrain him, sometimes physically, from causing himself harm, though John quickly realized where lied the limits of what both of them could and liked to do. Sherlock’s preferred method of torture was relentless teasing, but John’s was exhausting all of Sherlock’s energy, and there were days they spent never leaving their bed.
Sherlock raised John’s foot, kissing it with reverence. When he looked back at John, his irises were almost completely black. John shivered and covered his mouth. Whatever Sherlock wanted to do, he doubted he would be able to hold back any noises.
He devoted little time to his cock, reaching for the lube he placed on the table, under Sherlock’s critical but aroused stare. He run the finger slowly over his chest before dipping it into the trousers. The gasp he emitted when he put two fingers in was more theatrical than anything, he already prepared himself in the bath before, this was just to tantalize Sherlock further. He didn’t try to hide how turned on he was, instead letting Sherlock read all of it from his face and body.
He was seriously beyond being able to take more of it for long. Whatever Sherlock wanted him to do, he better make it quick.
John drove himself back, harder against Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock threw him off, violently, pushing him onto his elbows and knees. He held John down by his hair, leaning over him. John could fight him off, even blindfolded and bound, but he certainly didn’t want to. He wanted Sherlock to push his face into the mattress harder and just take.
“If you didn’t play your games,” John says, but he had to stop when he touches that spot inside himself again, “you could have had me already. My patience is running out, Sherlock.”
“What Sherlock doesn’t seem to realize is that the one who dominates isn’t necessarily the one who’s in control. Think about it, John. Think what you’re playing for. But most importantly have fun. I’ll call again sometime.”
Sherlock talked excitedly about the music and John let the sound of his voice and the wine relax him. He returned to the auditorium calmly and reacted in no way whatsoever when Sherlock entwined their fingers, except to close his fingers on Sherlock’s hand in return. So what if Sherlock wanted to hold hands as if they were two twelve-year-olds in the cinema? John didn’t lose anything by it.
“You must be tired,” John started, forcing his voice to remain steady and playful, “let me help you relax.”
That much John suspected, he only wanted to make sure. He really underestimated how much money Sherlock got from his brother.
John was already losing his mind, just from Sherlock’s words, just from the cadence of his voice. The begging quality of it, like Sherlock wouldn’t be able to live without getting to know the taste of John.
Before John could say anything more, there were lips kissing the back of his neck. John tried not to move, but every time Sherlock bit him, he jumped a little further, which caused Sherlock to put his hand on his throat to stop him. Which caused John to want to die. His mantra became ‘don’t get hard’ and even the cold water wasn’t helping him much.
He was abruptly awakened by lights and applause. Sherlock pulled him up by his hand, and then let go to clap himself, and John feebly joined. He felt exhausted and so he let Sherlock guide him out with a hand on his waist, while he was lapping at the tears with a tissue.
Sherlock’s voice didn’t allow for a protest, and John was too tired to try to fight him. If Sherlock didn’t want to accept his good intentions, that was his problem.”
John forced Sherlock’s legs wide to uncover the place for the dildo and went right about fixing it to the surface of the chair.
After that, John didn’t try to do anything that might upset Sherlock, he just accepted whatever Sherlock decided to give him, be it gifts, kisses or blowjobs. It seemed to make Sherlock happy and John couldn’t complain while he was being pampered either, so he got used to the arrangement.
“This place,” Sherlock pressed on with his finger and John almost sobbed, “no one ever used it, is that right?”
Sherlock’s words were poisonous, it made his heart diseased, it was beating so fast. John wasn’t sure he would survive this.
“The fuck was that, Sherlock? Why did you tell him that?” He turned around to see Sherlock’s angry face. What the hell, he was angry too.
He tried not to overthink this. Despite what he felt, people were probably not staring at them. They must appear completely normal, but John still felt like he was being shown off by Sherlock.
If John’s father knew of any of this he would get a heart attack, both from having his other child in a homosexual relationship and from the frivolity with which John allowed Sherlock to spend his money on him. Especially here, Sherlock demanded to treat him to anything he wanted. John didn’t even have to say anything, it was enough if he looked at a thing a little longer, but he did sometimes ask Sherlock for something in a seductive voice, just to make Sherlock a little crazy. In comparison to England, Sherlock was much more frivolous in his spending on vacation. John figured it was because back home Sherlock had cases to focus on, but here he could only concentrate his over-active brain by finding ways to please John.
He approached the bed, stopping before John, extending his hand. John realized then, that Irene was right. He didn’t have to take it. Nothing was keeping him here.
Observing himself in the mirror he was glad to see he reached the level of suggestiveness he was aiming for. Theoretically, it was just a nice suit, but because of the lack of a shirt that left a lot of his cleavage unobstructed and the added collar, his intentions were unmistakable.
Who was he kidding, he missed him. He always missed him. He supposed half of the reason Sherlock even went to his government missions, besides acquiring money, was making John miss him so that John would be more compliant with some new mischief he had in mind.
John realized with sudden clarity that it was not a deduction. Sherlock knew that the cameras weren’t working because he had turned them off. John was now very aware of the danger he found himself in.
John may have lost this time, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to make Sherlock regret this. The detective thought he could tease John into agreeing to anything without being affected? Fine, they would see whose control breaks first.
“Your pupils are blown so wide, John,” he continued in the same tone he read in, “do you want to forget the game and move to the bedroom?”
It was true. London rarely got this freezing. Even though the snow looked marvellous John was definitely not prepared for it. He wanted to stay in the flat the whole day, but, of course, someone had to be found mutilated in the waste bin. Sherlock wouldn’t even be interested in it if the victim wasn’t left with a mysterious note.
Sherlock stood up and rotated John’s stool, so that he was facing Sherlock instead of the bar. John did everything to not contract all of his muscles.
“Because I will do anything to get you. I wanted to wait a little longer, but when you provoked me, I couldn’t stop myself. I want to take care of you forever, John. Now I know you will choose me, you are already on the way. You just don’t see what I see yet,” there was no uncertainty in Sherlock’s voice.
John recognized the song right away. It was the number he cried on - ‘Anime connesse.’ It sounded different with just one violin, sadder, but Sherlock improvised here and there, added his own fragments.
I'm sorry, this probably has even more mistakes than usual. I've been hesitant to write in English lately (that's why there was such a long break) because I currently read and write in my third language almost all the time, and I completely lost my confidence, as I'm not a native speaker of English either. Anyway, I'm sorry for the break, and hope you enjoy!
Sherlock’s eyes widened when he moved their hands further, ghosting Sherlock’s fingers against his hole underneath the boxers - “here would be fine as well.”
He would have ignored that instance, but a day later Sherlock took him out for mulled wine and refused to let John pay.
This situation wasn’t normal for John. Firstly, because Sherlock was a man, and whatever people assumed, John was not gay. Secondly, this did not resemble any of John’s previous relationships, or courtships, or anything that John went through, really.
For a month after Sherlock returned from Switzerland with John’s fondue set, he didn’t buy John anything more. He thought that was it, Sherlock got bored. Irene was harassing him through texts to test that theory by actively asking Sherlock for something, but John just couldn’t bring himself to utter such a sentence, so he ignored her.
Sherlock wasted no time in taking off John’s boxers, while furiously kissing him. John could note he was very worked up, he usually used more technique when he sucked John’s cock. Not that John minded, they had been at this game for hours and he was seriously able to explode if a gust of wind hit him right.
That instance, there is definitely very little pain, the muscles inside him crave the silicone warmness, relaxing and closing around it. By the sixth setting John forgets why he started it, forgets he isn’t completely alone, moves his hips, and reaches a point too close to coming to even open his eyes and look at Sherlock. He feels very focused on himself, on his body, and the only thing interrupting him is Sherlock’s sudden voice.
“Well, if I was in his place.” Said Thomas, putting his hand on John’s leg. “I would never leave a beauty like you alone for fear someone would snatch you.”
John approached him with a sushi piece and Sherlock opened his mouth obediently, though his face was still conveying the sense of incredulity.
Sherlock followed him, not looking away from his eyes. John smirked. Even hesitant, Sherlock still had a hunger in him.
Sherlock let him go, and John stopped against a glass right before the girl in ropes they saw earlier. She was being spanked by another woman, surprisingly dressed quite normally. The spanked girl made eye contact with him and smiled. He could see how much she liked it.
John was pissed off. He could somehow survive the mortification of getting hard because of Sherlock, if the other was sharing it with him. But he was the only idiot here.
“John,” the voice barely crossed the fog of his mind, “John, are you all right?” Sherlock sounded worried now.
And just like this, he lifted John, who quickly tightened the hold around his arms. He knew Sherlock was capable of carrying him such a short distance, but the position was embarrassing. Then again, this was a man who just sucked him off. Maybe John shouldn’t be bothered about the wrong things.
In the privacy of his mind, he could allow the imaginary Sherlock to put his hand on John’s thigh in a taxi. He could allow this Sherlock to ignore John’s weak protests when Sherlock’s hand started travelling higher and under his waistband. He could shiver when Sherlock leaned in to order him to open his legs wider.
This, this was just simply being mean. And John could be mean too. He stood up from the chair and caught Sherlock’s jacket.
“If you don’t feel like going, I’ll take Mrs Hudson. I know you’re not exactly an enthusiast of the violin.”
“Oh, it’s not that interesting of a story, John. I’m much more interested in what happens in your life. From what I heard Sherlock is giving you quite a headache?”
“Shouldn’t you offer them later? I can still say ‘no’,” he stated, looking down at Sherlock, who started unbuttoning his shirt.
John moved to recapture those ridiculously good looking lips. It was a close mouthed kiss, but it felt more intimate than before. He leaned in Sherlock’s direction, feeling Sherlock stabilizing them by hands on the back of John’s head. John himself was holding onto the other’s shirt, and he felt that this contact was his lifeline. There was a rhythm that was neither fast not slow. Their kisses were little connected windows of time, repeated crescendos that stopped to begin again form a slightly different angle. The only places John believed to be real were the places their bodies met; only the lips, the hands, the back of his head. The rest of him was unimportant. Their noses sometimes, when they bumped into each other, and kissed in a position that wasn’t horizontal enough. Sherlock didn’t rush anything, neither did John. It was almost like communication, the way their lips moved against each other. The messages they sent were making John light-headed.
John couldn’t believe she was his main advisor but he didn’t have another one, so he pondered her words.
He was still a little bit dazed when they heard a man calling out Sherlock’s name. It was an older gentleman in round glasses, with a very pleasant smile. By his looks John could guess he was a teacher, unmarried, violinist, knew Sherlock as a child, possibly his music teacher.
: So nothing actually keeps you there, besides words. You don’t have to do anything, John. Do you think Sherlock will be able to enforce this promise in any way? He won’t force you. And yet, you still go along with it
He tried to push Sherlock back a little, but not with real intent. He had seen quite a bit of porn that happened in an elevator, and he could dream a little, before stopping this.
The camera in his new laptop is really good. He can see Sherlock clearly and he’s sure it’s the same on the other side. He got drunk for this, but he still feels a slight nervousness. He’s had phone sex before, but never video-chat sex. Not that Sherlock is going to actually have sex with him, he’s pretty sure no matter what he does, it won’t be enough to break Sherlock’s resolve, not when he was not physically there and Sherlock could always just end the call if it became too much.
John wasn’t afraid of other people stealing Sherlock from him. There was no one who could keep the detective’s attention for that long. Not even him.
Sherlock followed him without question and made him come a second time beneath the water, predictably not letting John return that favor again, only furthering his irritation.
The suite had two bedrooms, each with its own bathroom and changing room. John took a shower to freshen himself after the journey. Even the temperature of the water was perfect.
He never expected that Sherlock would ask about this, though given Sherlock’s nature, he should have. John was surprised to see him too because he wasn’t supposed to be back so early, so he was at a disadvantage.
It didn’t explain anything. Not the fact that when they got out of the plane a red cabriolet was waiting for them on the parking lot with a guy giving Sherlock the keys. Certainly not the long ride, with breathtaking views of the sea and rocks that took them somewhere on the Amalfi coast in front of a very fancy looking hotel hidden by the cliffs. Definitely not the suite they got, that John was too overwhelmed to see whole for the moment.
It was definitely a bad way to answer, because Sherlock turned to him and pinned him with his sharp eyes.
That was probably what hurt Sherlock the most about this, because John didn’t choose a guy he could have had one night of fun with, but someone who he would have to get to know, who he would like to get to know. This was a guy that, if John had realized his preferences earlier, he might have dated. Of course, having Sherlock, he had no intention to, but there was that possibility John knew would tick Sherlock off.
John was never docile, never submissive, but he felt compelled to allow Sherlock to do whatever he wanted. And the conclusion was simple: Sherlock had fucked up his mind.
Sherlock’s cheap tricks would not make him give in. If he wanted to lie to himself this was more than a new method of passing time, fine, but John would not be left as the one who opened himself. His body and his pleasure, that he could give to Sherlock. His heart would be left shielded from his eyes.
He awaited the answer with apprehension. What in the world possessed him to ask for something so inconsequential as that?
“Well, let’s just say that if you quit your job I am certain that you wouldn’t go hungry for over a year.”
John eased the pressure holding his legs and ass in place, and Sherlock didn’t wait, he pulled him flush against his body, legs opened wide to accommodate Sherlock’s hips in-between. John could feel how the water from his body seeped into Sherlock’s shirt and trousers. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind, he left no space between them. He dragged his tongue from John’s ear back into his mouth, and these time John barely tried to fight him for dominance. It was clear he wasn’t supposed to.
John was speaking some nonsense about Sherlock’s beauty and the detective rewarded him by playing with his balls. This was really getting to be too much for John to take. He gave Sherlock a warning and then he was coming. Sherlock managed to retract his lips from him in time, and so most of John’s come landed on his shirt.
John smirks and circles his finger around his hole. He loosened it a bit before in the shower while cleaning, so one finger gets in easily. Drunk or not, John knows anatomy and he knows his own body, though that particular part of it was not explored before.
When Sherlock returned from his case and handed John a colourful box, John was surprised. When he opened the box and saw five rows of French macarons he was speechless. He never even tried those before.
“John!” Sherlock did not look particularly embarrassed or even surprised. “You’re awake. That’s splendid, I could use a second opinion. Come join me.”
Of course, Sherlock had it all planned out. A moment later John heard the echo of violin music coming from a restaurant on land. It was quiet but enough to give them a rhythm.
The blood went to John’s head, making his ears fill with noise. He knew Sherlock didn’t really need him, but he didn’t want to hear him say it.
: Enjoy yourself? Really, John, you’re the only person to whine about an all-expenses paid vacation in Italy.
Sherlock pinned him to the bed, swallowing his protest and John didn’t bite him only because he didn’t want his groom’s lips bleeding at the wedding. But when the phone rang, he used Sherlock’s distraction to wrestle him off, pinning the hand that tried to stop him to the bed with his leg, making Sherlock hiss.
Sherlock didn’t even try to choose anything in particular, he started reading the random page he opened on; “People dance too close. She was there. I’d only gone because I hoped she would be. I took a long walk around the block taking a few extra lefts and rights …”
He very confusedly asked the barmaid for a Long Island Iced Tea but remembered why they were here when the man he was supposed to investigate said to her “On me” and sat down next to him.
He kissed Sherlock while ridding the toy faster and faster. At some point he just couldn’t stand it anymore and used his hand to bring himself to orgasm, shouting into Sherlock’s mouth.
John pushed his hands away. He really wanted to hit Sherlock’s stupid face but overcame the need with exceptional strength of will.
Once Sherlock recovered John fell on top of him, all the strength evaporating. He could feel the wetness of Sherlock’s pants, his own sticky mess between their stomachs, his hole cold from the chilling lube. It was clammy and uncomfortable but the last thing he wanted was to move from his spot, too occupied with cursing Sherlock in his mind.
“You’re over-exerting yourself, Sherlock. I told you Indian was fine.” He told between the bites of his delicious mysterious food that he allowed Sherlock to order for him.
Sherlock looked at him the way he always did when John deduced something correctly, with barely hidden pride and fascination.
This part was tricky. He couldn’t surprise Sherlock with it, even with the distraction of their tongues meeting, nor would he be able to force Sherlock with strength alone, or, at least, it would be very difficult to do it from this position if he started struggling. Sherlock had to allow it, had to be desperate enough to give up some of his control, but John believed Irene’s words enough to think Sherlock must be frustrated by their games at this point.
There was one person he straight up told he was dating Sherlock, even if it was not entirely true, and it was Molly. He liked to think it was because he pitied her for her hopeless crush on the detective, that he wanted to help her get over it, but there was an itching sometimes when he saw them together. And while Sherlock was abrasive towards her and often ignored her presence, John could tell she was one of the people Sherlock trusted. And sometimes, when he observed the way she looked at Sherlock, he saw himself, and he thought they both had to be mad to fall in love with someone so alien.
Sherlock must have reserved a loge for them. John didn’t really care, as long as he could sit down and hide. It was in front of the bar, and some people sat there, but John assumed that if he sat more inside, Sherlock would cover him. That plan didn’t really work.
“John,” the voice was softer this time, the words pronounced right against his ear, “are you all right?”
John felt his breath stop. Of course. This was stupid. The stinging in his chest was stupid. Sherlock was never affected. Of course he didn’t want John.
There were definitely changes in Sherlock: he looked gaunter, more ragged, older. A vagabond, returning home after a long absence.
John knew that the euphoria he felt was the same response the brain had when there was a crescendo in a song. His heart was fluttering wildly and there was nothing else than this movement, their bodies swirling around, Sherlock’s eyes looking into his.
He blames Sherlock for this, and Adler in part, because otherwise, he might have never gotten the idea. He never tried to pick up a guy before, he never particularly wanted to, and the only reason he did was because he was, he admits, a bit jealous.
John thought there surely couldn’t be a more beautiful person on earth than Sherlock was at that moment. There couldn’t be a more charming laugh than the one Sherlock emitted when John stepped on his foot, or a more musical heartbeat.
He fell asleep, exhausted. He woke up what felt like days later in Sherlock’s arms and freed himself from them to go drink some tea and find something edible for breakfast.
John turned around and was hesitant between checking up on Sherlock and punching him in the face, but the hands on his hips stopped him. Sherlock looked up at him with false supplication, but John was just a weak man, if he had someone, especially this person, down on his knees before him, what was he supposed to do? He could do absolutely nothing when Sherlock’s head moved forward to mouth at the outline of his cock through his trousers. The only thing left for John was to put his hand in Sherlock’s hair and sigh.
He got only a small margin of advantage from this. Sherlock came, but he didn’t lose his control completely, he didn’t give John what he wanted. This was still not victory and it made John sigh heavily.
“Then think about it like a Japanese onsen. In their culture bathing with other people is quite commonplace.”
“John,” his voice carried amusement, “why are you so jumpy? You didn’t seem to mind my touches last night.”
“I think I was about fourteen, maybe fifteen. She was my cousin’s friend. She looked at me in a way that made me hot all over. One night she snuck into my room. That’s it.”
John didn’t think about disobeying, though he could torture Sherlock further. There was something in that voice that made him unable to defy him.
“She’s in a stable condition,” Sherlock threw back bitterly, “And the bullet just grazed me. The murderer was stopped, that’s what’s important.”
“I came because Sherlock wanted me to be the person to execute his will,” Mycroft stated without needless chatter.
“John, if you break my arm, we might really have to call off the wedding,” Sherlock said, painfully amused, and John freed the hand, sitting on Sherlock’s hips instead.
His hands roamed that lovely chest while his mouth disconnected from Sherlock’s reddened lips to contour his sharp cheekbones and moved down to his neck, sucking a bruise there. Sherlock’s muscles were tightening with force, opposing the binds. John’s fingers traveled under Sherlock’s shirt to the low of his back, while he ran his mouth down to Sherlock’s nipple.
“This is our late grandfather’s wedding band. Sherlock stipulated that, in the case of his death, all of his possessions will pass onto his fiancé.”
He allowed Sherlock to put his hand under his knee and lift his leg and body over, so that John was now effectively sitting astride his lap. This situation was almost funnily embarrassing.
“You get lonely, right? When I go abroad for my brother’s dreadful cases? That way you’ll have Gladstone here to keep you company when I’m away,” Sherlock answered, his voice light, but his smile a bit forced.
John sighed. He was debating how to deflect Irene’s accusations, but in this moment, Sherlock came into the room. He was, thankfully, still fully dressed. He still had the ridiculous shirt on.
It was calm in the room but John’s heartbeat was getting faster. He separated them and laid down on Sherlock’s pillow, close within reach.
Sherlock’s eyes were intense on him. Admitting that he wanted Sherlock would be like acknowledging John lost.
“There’s no point in looking at me like that. Unless you want to substitute yourself with the toy? Because that could work.”
He welcomed Sherlock’s hand on his cock bringing him to fullness. He didn’t expect to be suddenly bound, caged by a silicone structure around his balls and dick.
When Sherlock deemed his leg sufficiently bruised he invoked the same torture on the other thigh. By this point, John wasn’t even able to look at him. His legs were splayed wide by Sherlock’s hand, the bathrobe opening itself on its own, leaving John’s hard cock uncovered, just waiting to be taken care of.
There was also the fact that Sherlock never made evident what he wanted from John. He kissed him, yes, treated him with affection, but he didn’t exactly show any signs of wanting to sleep with John. John wasn’t even sure of Sherlock’s sexuality.
Not that he had anything on him. The only money he took was Sherlock’s card. He didn’t really have to pay for anything here: the flight, the hotel and the hotel food were prepaid by their hosts. That Sherlock wanted to throw away money on extracurricular activities was his choice. At least, that was how John was explaining not taking any of his money to himself.
Sherlock didn’t distance himself but started moving slowly. His leg was right against John’s, so John was forced to move with him. It was very off-rhythm at first, but after a moment it started to resemble the movement of the waltz. John didn’t look down, his whole body was controlled by Sherlock anyway, so he didn’t have to. He also wasn’t sure he was able to stop looking at Sherlock, whose eyes were smiling, crinkling in the corners.
John was forced forward with a full-body shiver. An image of Sherlock spanking him while John was tied up, blindfolded, made him almost come. He would have if Sherlock didn’t predict it and held him in a way that prevented it.
“You said you wanted to take care of me,” he addressed Sherlock, entering the bathtub, “so take care of me.”
“Why, Daddy?” he gets another finger in right away and he feels a slight sting, but nothing too worrying, “can’t I have a little fun? You’re so unfair.”
Sherlock didn’t seem bothered. He wasn’t unusually pink or breathing harder or any of the things that were characteristic of John’s state. Only his pupils were dilated.
Instead of answering John moaned, the combination of prostate stimulation and Sherlock’s voice too much for him.
“You should be careful, John.” He said with a silky voice, yet it still sounded like a threat, “There are things about you, you aren’t even aware of.”
John knew he should say no. The look in Sherlock eyes, his all knowing smirk, told him Sherlock didn’t expect him to say anything else. It was probably this that pushed him to do, probably the stupidest thing he could have done.
“You said,” John opens the bathrobe to free his hardening nipples, “You want to know things about me,” he licks the tips of his fingers, looking straight into the camera, “let me show you,” he brings the hand down slowly, exploring his chest, “how I want to be touched.”
Sherlock raised suddenly. He left his half-full glass on the shelf, then put aside John’s empty one. He took a sponge and John understood sitting in the bath wasn’t all Sherlock planned for him.
John was starting to get very flustered. His body was slowly reacting to Sherlock’s ministrations, against all sense. The fact that he usually associated bathing and washing with his little alone time, didn’t really help matters. When Sherlock moved to wash his armpits, John pushed him away.
When John heard the dogs barking he took his gun and came to the door cautiously. He rarely had guests, and definitely not at such a late hour. There was a knock at the door and he opened it to have the cold wind and snow envelope him and make him close his eyes.
“It’s nothing,” John answered with an exhausted smile. His face had that strange twist that it did when he wanted to cry.
He left the gun behind, there was no point in taking it. His dogs roused when he opened the door, running outside to sniff at the black-clad figure sitting on his stairs. He saw a white hand lift to pat at their heads. Sherlock didn’t turn around to look at him and John could discern the tension in his back, the puffs of air when he breathed. His hair and arms were covered with snowflakes, reflecting the light on his porch.
Fine, John is not completely blameless and he knows exactly what Sherlock is referring to, but it does not give Sherlock a right to aggravate him like this. Even if he was particularly mean and he does regret it.
John wanted to answer somehow, to laugh with derision, but when he opened his mouth only an ugly sob got out. He clenched his mouth shut, covering it with his hand to stop the noises that wanted to escape. He could no longer hold in the tears that had been gathering in his eyes from the moment Sherlock touched him. His whole body tensed with the effort of keeping from trembling but one kiss on the back of his head from Sherlock ruined it, made John turn around, hold onto Sherlock tightly and sob loudly into his chest, soaking his shirt with tears and snot. Sherlock caressed his hair with his hand and held onto him just as tight.
In contrast to the man, he made no rash or sudden movements, which took more of his self-control than he thought he possessed. He moved Sherlock lightly to rest against the couch and straddled his lap. Sherlock watched him with calm fascination, though his pupils were very wide and John could feel he was hard against his thigh. John started just by running his hands up and down Sherlock’s naked chest, not to tease him, just because he really wanted to. It was already completely dark outside, the only light was from the candles, of which half had gone out. They were enveloped in this semi-darkness and it helped get John in the right mood, not be too hasty, try to be sensual. He begun kissing Sherlock’s lips lightly, giving little pecks to his upper lip, then to the lower one, later using his tongue to lick the same trail. By the time he used the slight gap left open to put just the tip of his tongue inside, Sherlock’s lips were swollen.
He bit Sherlock’s lip a little, accidentally, when Sherlock’s hands moved under his shirt, exploring his stomach, his ribs, his chest. Sherlock moved his leg between John's own, ghosted over his nipples, did a thing with his tongue that made John raise his back a bit. John became very aware that they were in Sherlock’s bed and Sherlock was taking off John’s shirt, moving his mouth down towards John’s throat, using his other hand to toy with John’s waistband. He was also aware he kept a tight grip on Sherlock’s shirt, holding him in place - not that it looked like he wanted to move anywhere.
John didn’t try to hurry while he fed them both, Sherlock eating and drinking when John made him. Strangely, he felt like the one in control, but not completely. Sherlock’s body had relaxed but his eyes were still sharp, not like a trapped animal at all.
John never really felt physically threated by Sherlock, he was fairly certain he could take him on with high chances of winning. At that moment, however, the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze reached a new level and John felt as if he was being killed in a thousand of ways, stripped of organs and bones. He was rooted to the spot, almost shivering under those furious eyes.
The longer he looked at the things the more he realized the horrible truth. He didn’t want to throw them away. He liked them. Sherlock gave them to him and even though he had ulterior motives he still felt it belonged to him now. That throwing it away would be a waste.
In the spring, John started a little vegetable garden, using another one of Sherlock’s gifts and Felicia’s advice. Some seeds he bought, some he received, planting vegetables that were easy to look after like carrots, tomatoes, courgettes, lettuce, and onions. Inside the house he installed a bathtub, so he didn’t have to use a washbasin any longer, and constructed a bedframe from pine-wood, moving to an upstairs room, his dogs moving their sleeping place there as well.
“You know, I’m a little worried that you know my size better than I do. Without any measurements. This suit feels as if it was made for me.”
John was too tired right now to stop the thoughts about Sherlock from filling his mind. He was in the shower and the tension in his body needed to be dealt with if he wanted to withstand meeting the man in reality.
Sherlock wasn’t the only one who knew how to drive someone mad with kissing alone. John didn’t even try to be seductive, he transmitted all his passion, all his desperation through rough movements, circling Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue to delve again into the waiting heat, Sherlock adapting to his tempo. He played with the delicate skin behind Sherlock’s ear, squeezed the shell, swallowing Sherlock’s sounds.
John was certain Sherlock was not a fraud. Some could say he was blindsided by his love for him, but John knew him too intimately to believe for a second Sherlock could be a fake. His love did not blind him, it gave him insight.
John scoffed into the phone. He would never admit how much Irene helped him through his confusion in dealing with his impossible lover.
“Now you’re worried? I’m fine, Sherlock. I could take more,” he said with a wicked smile, opening his eyes to see Sherlock’s disapproving glare.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice and breath against his ear made his insides clench, “reach into the pocket of my coat.”
Honestly, he only used it twice. The first time was because he had a really bad day and Sherlock emptied their whole kitchen of anything eatable. Well, not Sherlock exactly, in reality his homeless informants ate everything, but it was the detective that told them to ‘take anything they wanted’.
John was trying to breathe like a normal human again when Sherlock raised to once again rest against his forehead. He had a wide smile on and looked at John in a satisfied manner, that made John reciprocate his smile.
He tried to keep his voice snarky and unembarrassed but talking about it felt very intimate for some reason. Especially talking about it while blindfolded, bound and unable to come. Plus, it was unfair to ask him about this. It made it clear to Sherlock that what John wanted, what he really enjoyed, was making his partner feel good, and Sherlock already used that as emotional leverage against him enough.
When they both returned to their flats and Mrs Hudson thanked him for a wonderful evening, joking about John being a delightful date, he took out his phone and wrote to Sherlock.
In his defense, he thought Sherlock would never agree to it. The shirt was in bad taste, and was in no way anything Sherlock would normally wear, even without that blasted sentence. Besides, Sherlock hated when John uttered the word, wearing would prove even more embarrassing.
John could hear the devilish smirk in that asshole’s voice. He barely managed to react when Sherlock’s hands tried to untie his bathrobe, and he was completely naked underneath. He pushed himself away, turning in Sherlock’s direction. He tried to do three things at once: chastise Sherlock, put some distance between them and fix his bathrobe, and it caused him to lose his balance. In a flurry of movement, Sherlock caught him and pushed him back to sit on the counter, next to the laptop, immediately getting all up in his space. It was so expertly done that John was seriously impressed.
“Until you admit you belong to me, John, you can always find somebody else. As long as you don’t promise me this, you may try with other people, though I wouldn’t want you to.”
“I brought you dinner because I want you to eat well. But yes, you might say my objectives were a little more than that.”
When he finished coming down from his high and started breathing semi-normally, he looked at Sherlock. The detective was clearly on the very edge and John asked him, really just to be nice;
John kept his eyes closed, so he only felt Sherlock moving away from him. At some point, he must have caught Sherlock’s head, as his fingers were gripping his hair. He let go quickly, opening his eyes.
John thanked his foresight for making himself come in the shower, he was already yearning for Sherlock’s touch, of which he had deprived himself the past weeks. Between them, he was the one with way less control, he wouldn’t have been able to survive it without letting off some steam.
Sherlock’s powerful movements made John come without any other stimulation, exclaiming into Sherlock’s open mouth.
“Because you will punish me? Let’s see what you will come up with this time,” his confidence is mostly alcohol talking.
A talk he recently had drifted to his mind. John spent too much time thinking about his and Sherlock’s unclear relationship and his only advisor was Irene Adler, who had quite an original approach to all things sexual, and so John decided to ask for an opinion of someone slightly more down to the earth.
“Not here. I know what I need to know to go further in the case. But I’m afraid you’re not going to like the next step very much.”
“Professor, please restrain yourself from revealing too much. I prefer my past to be something of an enigma.” Sherlock complained which made the man laugh more.
John had to take deep breaths to calm down. Sherlock was planning their future together? Up to and following their retirement? They weren’t even properly going out, why did Sherlock think it was the time to show John this? For how long had he been planning it? The flood of sudden questions and doubts made John too confused to be able to utter any of them.
John had never thought about Sherlock and a destination wedding at the same time before. The concepts seemed to be so mutually exclusive as to never be able to meet in his mind. He would have thought it possible if they ended up on a destination wedding because of some weird case, but no, Sherlock was invited to a wedding in Thailand because there actually were people who wanted him on their wedding for some unknown reason. The strangest thing, however, was that Sherlock actually agreed to attend and took John as his plus one.
He reached up to cup Sherlock’s face and was meaning to kiss him, but it felt wrong to do that at this moment, somehow. He ended up putting his head against Sherlock’s arm, hugging him lightly and that felt right; warm and comforting.
He wasn’t prepared for Sherlock’s fingers to touch the same place, massaging lightly, the sponge abandoned. He didn’t jump up this time, but his whole body stiffened. Sherlock’s hand was rubbing circles on his lower back, his other hand posed on the bathtub, his head close behind John’s. He must have been half kneeling.
When he separated their lips, he could see that Sherlock was as frantically excited as him. It was time to go a bit further, at least for John. If Sherlock begged him to do something, he would, but not before that.
Sherlock deposited him on his bed carefully, disappearing instantly. John managed to fall asleep while he was away, waking up only to feel Sherlock dress him up in his pajamas and arranging himself behind John. What followed was just blissful sleep surrounded by Sherlock’s heat.
Taking care of all his plants and animals and improving the building had taken him a long time and he didn’t even realize when fall came. Lestrade came to visit him when it was still warm and he was impressed with all the work John put into the house. They spent a few evenings drinking beer and grilling, and once again, John loathed to watch another one of his friends go, but he got used to this self-imposed isolation, returning to his duties and his frequent walks to the cliffs and along forest paths.
“You sure it’s not just because you’re a pervert?” he asked with a smugness that he should be incapable of in his current predicament.
He went to stand behind Sherlock, putting his hands on his neck and massaging lightly. He could hear Sherlock’s sharp breath when he pressed harder, using his hands to unknot the tense points. He kept doing that until he felt Sherlock’s posture relax.
John had to escape. He had to stop obsessively watching that dance the way he would observe a car crash. Sherlock noticed his disappearance quickly enough, following him to the beach where he took refuge, sitting down next to John.
John still couldn’t believe it happened. All this time, no matter how bad it got, no matter how much Moriarty seemed to get an upper hand, he never once thought that Sherlock could lose. That Sherlock could die.
“I will let you see the will in a moment, but first, there is something else I must give you,” he said passing John an envelope. “I’ll go make us some tea in the meantime.”
John was getting a bit anxious about the sound of water pouring he heard from behind the closed door so he texted Irene.
And the reality was that he was living with Sherlock, was also sort of working with him, was his best friend for some reason, and really, losing Sherlock over confusing holiday emotions was not an option. The revelation that John was not as straight as he thought he was, did not mean he should experiment on it with the one person who was actually compatible enough to live with him long term. He didn’t care how many times Irene called him ‘denial boy’ because of it.
“Sherlock” John’s voice was quiet, but still loud in the room occupied previously only by the sounds of their breathing and the covers moving, “I don’t know what you want from me.”
“Did you like that, Daddy?” John whispered over Sherlock’s mouth, remembering Irene’s advice to be daring.
What Sherlock mostly did was giving John what he needed. Not in the way he did before, by buying him presents and making him go crazy with lust, but by anticipating John’s needs. It just so happened that what John mostly needed was Sherlock’s company and he received that in abundance.
Sherlock is somewhere between furious and interested, but he leaves it without comment, so John just smiles lazily. He can see himself in the small window on the bottom of the screen and he feels like a porn star with how he’s resting against the headboard, messing with his own nipple. This is mostly for show, but he doesn’t plan on making this particularly enjoyable for Sherlock. He just wants Sherlock to feel like he shouldn’t have left John here, alone. John can take care of his needs without him.
And if John had tears in the corners of his eyes, they were just a physical manifestation of pleasure.
“John,” Sherlock said, taking away the hand on John’s back and suddenly spinning John around and making him lose his balance completely, colliding with Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock caught him and held him against his body tightly. John could only look up inquisitively at him. “It’s not the point for you to be perfect at it. The point is that I have you close to me.”
Though Mrs Hudson was certainly against the idea, and while their cases increased and life became even more complicated, she was often the one the playful pup stayed with.
John blinked with the sudden change of his tone, but he complied, raising to Sherlock’s lips with a smile. Sherlock kissed back sweetly, almost innocently. When John drew back Sherlock had a smile on his face but his bright eyes seemed sad, somewhat.
“Oh, so Sherlock didn’t tell you? Well, well. He likes to keep his fair share of secrets, doesn’t he?”
Obviously, John did actually masturbate when Sherlock was away on his government-related jobs. Firstly, Sherlock was not the boss of him, and secondly, he would never know about it. Or so John thought. He sometimes forgot that half of the time, Sherlock was able to tell if John was lying.
When Sherlock finally let go of him and went into the shop, John realized he made a terrible mistake. It was too late now. He agreed to do
And Sherlock did eventually reach it, but only to give it a little kiss, before raising to give John another kiss on the mouth, holding his cock in his hand in a manner that was teasing but not enough to make John come.
Now, it was unlike Sherlock to ever apologize for anything. Maybe it was a trap. Still, it was a very nice jumper, woollen, with dark horizontal stripes, and between the stripes the colour changing from dark grey to white, with a yellow stripe at the bottom.
John bit his lip and kept himself from pressing Sherlock’s fingers stronger against him, meaning to move them further down his leg but Sherlock tore his hand out from John’s.
Which was why he was talking, quite animatedly, with a young woman, while John drank with Lestrade. Greg was capable of getting John drunk fairly quickly.
With that he freed John and they proceeded to go home. The whole way they were silent, Sherlock fuming and John too embarrassed to talk.
A brilliant idea crossed his overheated brain. He took Sherlock’s right hand and put it on his cheek, holding it with his own.
“You wanted me to promise you my life?” John spat out with disdain, “you’re not responsible enough to have it.”
When Irene called him he was still in that perturbed state, he didn’t even get irritated when she asked him ‘how the taming of the shrew was going’, even though he wasn’t sure which one of them she meant. He explained to her some of what happened, a couple of his doubts, but instead of telling him how to act, she asked him what he planned to do about it.
“He always lies about these sort of things. I guess he’s afraid I would babble, but I won’t, you know? I’m just curious.”
“You may lie to yourself, John, but you can’t tell me that you didn’t feel good when you received them.”
A moment later there was movement, cautious, slow. He could feel the frigidity of Sherlock’s hand through the material of his pajamas on his stomach, but the rest of him against his back provided warmth. He covered the hand with his own and Sherlock raised it a bit, and put the cold ring back to its place on John’s finger.
“Mr. Charlton won’t be happy about this.” John said, not being able to say master naturally enough, but still trying to maintain some form of submissiveness.
At the time, he didn’t think that the folder on his laptop with the recordings of Sherlock playing his violin was a present, but later on, he realized it must have been, though he was able to listen to it only once, and it was lost once he smashed his laptop in a fit of desperate rage. Another thing he couldn’t make out was a leather notebook filled to the brim with Sherlock’s handwriting, but everything in it was written in code, and John did not understand its importance right away.
Sherlock didn’t let his hands linger on his member, taking them off and putting them on the mirror. His fingers picked up tempo and John couldn’t quite contain his whimpers with the harsh and intoxicating pressure against his prostate, his body moving to hasten the return of Sherlock’s fingers against it. He didn’t notice he closed his eyes until Sherlock once again grabbed his chin, lifting it up, forcing John to look through the tears that had started escaping his eyes. John’s vision was blurred but he could see that the expression on his face was pitiful: begging and wrecked.
“Hm?” John wasn’t quite sure what Sherlock meant, but he was ready to do whatever he wanted if it meant Sherlock’s perfect lips would finally encircle his dick.
It was a heavenly feeling to be under this man, his heaviness hot and damp and grounding. There was nothing John wouldn’t do to protect him from harm, no one he would let destroy their happiness. He would hold Sherlock safe or die trying.
Sherlock was very fast and relied a lot on surprising his opponents. He managed to catch the underside of John’s thigh and the back of his head instantaneously, pulling John down to lay on the couch, the hand on his head saving John from a painful impact with the armrest.
Sorry for the drastic oscillation between 'fuck you like an animal' and 'try a little tenderness'- blame spotify.
John hardly registered the words. Sherlock could pitch his voice so low that anything he said sounded like an invitation. John could feel himself being enveloped by this velvety sound to the point he couldn’t even react when Sherlock finished reading and approached John again, taking his chin in his hand.
Sherlock carried him the three steps to his bed to throw him on it unceremoniously, turning John forcefully onto his stomach and pinning him down.
“If you carried me to your bed,” John answered jokingly, but the moment he felt Sherlock’s hands settle beneath his thighs he knew he miscalculated.
“There’s no need for that.” Sherlock’s sudden voice made them both jump. How did he arrive here unnoticed?
“Do you like him?” Sherlock asked excitedly and John didn’t have the heart to tell him having a dog wasn’t the best idea with their lifestyle.
He realized he was wrong from the first number. The sudden burst of energy that was the first piece, left his heart beating frantically to the rhythm and the people around him seemed to disappear, all his other thoughts were unimportant, the only important thing was the mesmerizing performance of these two people who seemed to make impossible things with music.
“Suit yourself!” John called after his rapidly retreating form before Sherlock managed to close the bathroom door.
John didn’t even think to object. If massaging his back was pleasurable, the head massage Sherlock gave him was heaven. John managed to forget where they were and everything else for a while.
One of the biggest wastes of money that John had ever experienced was when Sherlock actually rented a yacht for them to enjoy the night sky. It wasn’t a huge yacht but still, that must have cost more than John even had on him.
After a few innocent requests such as making Sherlock bring them wine, or asking if John ever stole anything, there came a time for a change of pace.
“You bought a cock cage to make me look pretty?” John answered teasingly, “Oh, Sherlock, you shouldn’t have.”
He didn’t remember ever being washed like this by someone. Maybe his mum did wash him as a kid, but he didn’t remember it. He had bathed with his girlfriends before, but this was different. Here, he was the only one naked, the only one being touched. He didn’t know if this was sexual for Sherlock, but it seemed like something kinky to him, even though Sherlock wasn’t even touching his skin directly, most of the time.
John did it with pleasure, the feel of his fingers on his cock almost too much to bear. At least that meant he would be allowed to come, possibly quite soon.
His finger circled John’s hole and for a moment John was afraid he would do it for hours until John begged for it, but his finger finally breached John. Sherlock was being tender at first, but a sudden harder move made John rest his head heavily against the mirror.
“You didn’t deserve it,” Sherlock’s voice is dark and John almost feels as if it was said against his ear, “good boys get rewards. Bad ones get punishments, John, and I promise, you will get one for disobeying me.”
But none of those situations could top the mortification that little moment of absent-mindedness awarded him. He was bleary, and honestly, he thought Sherlock was the one making all that noise, because, well, he was Sherlock. He didn’t know how tired he must have been to go all the way up to Sherlock before opening his eyes fully and seeing that there were six other people there. John immediately hid behind Sherlock’s back and saw Lestrade facepalming in their direction. He cursed Sherlock in his mind for keeping him up all night, but outwardly he tried to keep the appearance of relative calm.
Sherlock turned him on his back and for one wonderful moment, John thought his prayers were answered. Then Sherlock closed his mouth around John’s nipple and his hand around his member. The other went to press the skin around his hole, massaging his prostate externally.
Sherlock had some lovely nipples, pink in color, and very nice to nibble on. Generally, all parts of him were attractive, and John enjoyed the freedom to touch most of it without being interrupted. Sherlock opened his mouth obediently when he returned to kissing it, and John used the moment to take off his vest, leaving the top part of his body in nothing but the collar and the bracelet.
Sherlock continued his attack, his hand reaching under the waistband of John’s pajama bottoms. John jumped up, backing up against the headboard.
John looked at him with disbelief. How could Sherlock ask such questions when John had spent every night without him unable to sleep well? How did he dare to want John to admit it was getting progressively harder to imagine a life without him?
This time Sherlock started backing out slowly, not taking his eyes off John. When he was out the door, John took the gun down.
Another thing John occupied himself with was decoding the leather notebook Sherlock gifted him before his death. He did it half-heartedly at first, unable to figure out the symbols and too busy with building the house, but on his frequent trips to Eastbourne at the beginning of spring, he started visiting the library and reading up on codes and methods and other things Sherlock could have based this on, and finally, he realized the code was based on music and he scoffed when he read the first page:
He stopped, however, when it came to the Rolex still on his hand. He looked at it and then at the other things. Fine, so the Rolex was expensive, but it’s not like the other things were. He can throw them out and sell the watch on eBay. That sounded sensible.
Was he really called a chicken by Irene Adler? It’s not like he never thought of asking that, just … he wasn’t really sure what to expect. Sherlock didn’t act like this thing they had was sexual in nature, he never appreciated when John called him that cursed word that seemed to be his kink. Irene, however, disagreed on that point. John would hate to prove her right.
Sherlock smiled and leaned down to give him another sweet kiss followed by many others. John expected to see his more domineering qualities when they moved to the bed, but Sherlock was nothing if not loving and tender to him that day.
Sherlock was not doing anything telling in particular, but it took Tom one look at him to ask John, with a subtle rise of the corner of his lip: “Boyfriend?”
Sherlock looked up, confused, as if he woke up form a dream. His pupils were blown wide. John could do little more than stare at him, pinned to this position, to this moment, by nothing more than a look in those eyes.
“Turnabout? How is this a way to make fun of me? You’re just wasting your money and time without any reason!”
As for the other thing, well, he wasn’t sure. It felt nice, fantastic even, that time they kissed in the cabriolet, and he simultaneously thought about it a lot and was already forgetting that it was a real thing that actually happened. He didn’t really have urges to suddenly kiss Sherlock, especially when Sherlock was sitting at John’s laptop with tea spilling out of his mouth, or chewing loudly some food that John had to put right in front of his mouth for him to notice. He didn’t jump away when Sherlock leaned over him to look at John’s notes, he didn’t feel anxious when Sherlock pulled him to run after him from people who were throwing knives at them. This was their normal, ordinary life, and John was too used to Sherlock’s constant closeness to really mind it.
Thank you all for managing to read to this point, for leaving comments and kudos. This story is messy and it's hard for me to go back to the beginning and see all the mistakes I've made, but I'm proud I managed to finish something, even if it's taken me three years ha. Comment and let me know how you liked it!
This feels completely different from his fingers. The head of it is bigger than the base, so when he pushes that part in, the stretch of his rim is easier than the one from three of his fingers together, the shape is better fitted. He read the instruction that came in the box, but even just from looking at it he could say it was different than the vibrators he had used on his girlfriends, designed especially for prostate stimulation. It is in fact very, very easy to find his prostate with it and he howls. It’s painful, more than pleasurable, at the moment.
He didn’t know how long they would stay like this, but suddenly Sherlock let go of his foot, stood up and offered John a hand.
Sherlock surely noticed the chair moved into his room, but he was completely dedicated to John when he gave him a kiss, letting John back him into the chair and push him into it. The chair was the ideal size for John to sit astride Sherlock’s lap.
Sherlock’s hands, making circles on John’s hips, stopped abruptly. John didn’t wait for the question.
John was interrupted by sudden teeth clamping down on his shoulder. Sherlock definitely wasn’t wasting time. Or force.
He felt like this before, when Sherlock kissed him in Italy, when Sherlock played the violin after the concert, and he couldn’t quite explain it. He knew it was adrenaline, but it was a different kind than the sexual one. He yearned for Sherlock, but not in any concrete way, he just wanted him.
John’s mind was just noise at that point and he bucked wildly to free himself from Sherlock’s hold. It was an uncoordinated and half-hearted attempt and Sherlock managed to hold onto him firmly.
“A foretaste? What is wrong with you! You let me think you didn’t desire me in this way! You let me feel guilty about wanting to -“
He turned his head and saw in Sherlock’s expression that he was ready to stop. John should have wanted that.
John couldn’t help but wonder where exactly did his life get so off course. How did he manage to fall so hard into the grasp of a man that was unable to follow any rules of propriety or sensible thinking?
Outside, he was tossed unceremoniously against the grating that covered the bar’s windows. He tried to push away, but was quickly surrounded by Sherlock’s arms, placed near his head. He was so close, way too close to John’s face.
John knew making light of this situation wasn’t really helpful. The silicone was holding him in places that were well calculated to make his erection last long but constricted the blood enough to make it very hard to come. Add to that the sensory overload he was sure to experience without seeing anything and you get what Sherlock wanted: agony.
Sherlock had a look in his eyes that made John shiver. He wasn’t sure what made Sherlock look so wild, but the force of his gaze made John put his arms around his shoulders and open his mouth instantly to accommodate Sherlock’s tongue.
John could hear Sherlock’s footsteps and he turned around so that Sherlock would face his back when he came into the room. It was already quite late, but he had a lot of time to prepare. They just came back from London yesterday, the case springing on them last second and its conclusion reached just because Sherlock’s mind apparently really worked better when there was an incentive.
John took it with a sigh. They were alone here, so the only one he could embarrass himself before was Sherlock, who knew him better than most people anyway.
The guy turned to him without smiling. He had grey eyes, inquisitive and observant, and he blinked when John raised the corner of his mouth in a half-friendly half-flirtatious manner.
“John,” Sherlock started, passing the threshold and entering the house making John step back slightly.
John continued to read his book dispassionately. To make everything worse there was a power shortage. He had to light actual candles, it was already so dark outside, despite it being only four p.m.
John had never seduced a guy before but it doesn’t mean he couldn’t do it. There was a clear line between a friendly chat and flirting and John had crossed that line, used eye-contact and body language to communicate his interest. Tom seemed amused by John’s flirting, repaying it cautiously. There was always one thing that was more exciting than sex, and that was the suggestion of it, coupled with the uncertainty of receiving it. John hadn’t looked in Sherlock’s direction once but he was sure Sherlock would be able to read the situation in seconds.
Sherlock was in the game now and the game was the only chance for John to keep him as long as he could.
“I know it looks terrible but we will turn it into a nice house. It has no water or electricity for now, but that can be dealt with. The bathroom, the kitchen, and the dinning room would be downstairs, and the bedroom and study upstairs. I know it’s not very big, but it’s still more space then Baker Street.”
When Mrs Hudson visited, bringing a lot of John’s clothes and possessions from Baker Street, from the flat he was still renting, though he doubted she would be able to let it to anyone, she was horrified by all the empty space and the grim walls. They spent two whole days in Eastbourne ordering couches and wardrobes and other furnishings that John didn’t manage to make himself. Thanks to her company John managed to also buy smaller things he wouldn’t have thought about, like mirrors, soft towels, tablecloths, plates, and many other everyday items John managed to live without. Before all of it arrived, John took to painting the walls, and Mrs Hudson spent the week walking along the tourist trails to Beachy Head and taking in some of the fresh ocean air. Her presence and the addition of furniture and household items made the house suddenly much warmer and more lived in, but that meant John felt worse after she left.
He prayed for someone to get murdered, so they could return to directing all their energies to solving it. He thought that was it when Sherlock entered excitedly into the apartment, making a beeline for John, disturbing his nap on the couch.
“I know,” Sherlock said, putting his hand on John’s cheek. “I wanted you to be aware of it, but I don’t expect you to decide now. Once you’ve chosen to stand by side, I will never let you go.”
For instance, it seemed only a little bizarre when they were walking up next to each other and suddenly he felt a gloved hand touching his ear.
It was bad enough that John couldn’t see him do it, which made his skin tense with anticipation before every little touch. Did he really need to cage his cock in fucking silicone, too? How much of a sadist was Sherlock, really?
“He also stipulated that the moment you put on this ring you lawfully become his fiancé. And he asked me, personally, to give the ring to you, if he did not manage to do it before his death.”
John allowed him to open his trousers and force it down to above his knees, along with underwear. It was just a blowjob. Of course, the place wasn’t ideal, but it was also … not bad. Fuck, he was turned on by the place. Damn Sherlock.
Sherlock bit harder. By this point, John wasn’t sure what was made to tease him and what to punish. He wasn’t sure there was a difference.
When he took the fingers out, he moved Sherlock’s hand to rest on his throat, made him close his palm around it a bit. Sherlock gasped.
Sherlock’s look of utter disgust meant it was indeed for Mycroft. Interesting. Usually, when Mycroft asked Sherlock to do something he had to annoy him (and John, for that matter) for a month, before Sherlock agreed.
John lost all hope on that when Sherlock emerged with white trousers and an ocean blue shirt on his arm and gave John what looked like perfectly normal Calvin Klein light boxers. John quickly put it on under his bathrobe, and removed the white cloth with minimal hesitation. It was probably the weird stress that made him move so mechanically, he did act best when in danger. He wasn’t sure if this was dangerous. It was definitely new. He felt the anticipation running in his veins, while Sherlock slowly approached him with the shirt.
He shouldn’t have been so taken aback. Sherlock had seen him naked before in more embarrassing situations.
“You don’t need to be so on the edge, John. I’m sure you took showers right next to other man in the army and at school.”
John had been pretty excited before. Now, ignoring the hardness was impossible and he mewled when Sherlock bit his earlobe.
“Oh, do you mean me? It’s true that Sherlock and I have similar taste, and you are no passive sheep either. But that’s the point, John.”
Things turned even worse when Sherlock stood up to move from his place behind John, and leaned over the bathtub, sucking on the side of his neck. When he moved to a place just beneath his Adam’s apple, John knew he couldn’t win. There was no way he kept his cock down and unexcited. The best he could do was try not to make any sounds.
“Oh, don’t be so sour, John. Sherlock only answered me, because I kept messaging him incessantly. Also, he values my opinion and experience. Besides, I would never have pieced it together if not for a certain friend who saw you in a certain club and decided to inform me.”
Mycroft reached to his pocket to retrieve a simple purple jewellery box. John wasted no time in opening it up, hoping he was wrong about what it was. Inside, there was a simple gold wedding ring.
They really had very little food while on cases. John was short of ideas when he noticed a bowl with whipped cream made yesterday by Mrs Hudson and only left here because Sherlock apparently liked it very much, though John had never seen him eat it. He had no other choice really, so he took a chance, taking a bit into his mouth. He wasted no time in getting back to Sherlock and holding his head, passing the sweet substance onto Sherlock’s tongue. Sherlock didn’t let him get away, playing with his tongue, licking all of the cream off. By the end, they were both panting.
When they passed a nice looking store with ‘Balance Massage & Wellness’ written on the glass, Mrs Hudson sighed loudly. “I always pass this place, wishing to go in, but I never have the courage.”
“You’re having too much fun with this,” John commented when he was comfortably positioned against Sherlock’s chest.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice got softer as he approached him, “John, I’m alright. I have survived this job before I had someone watching my back all the time.”
He tried not to imagine them in more intimate positions, but he couldn’t help himself when Sherlock pinned him against the wall to kiss the life out of him.
The winters were the worst, as he had less to do and couldn’t walk as much. He finally decided to have the Internet installed and buy a laptop. The first thing he did was buy online lessons on beekeeping and learning everything on the subject before he started looking for trustable vendors to buy the hive, the tools and the bees. He installed everything in the spring, anxiously waiting when he let the bees inside, fearing for the queen while the bees ate through the candy to free her from her cage. Fortunately, the bees seemed to adjust well to their new home and so, aside from two dogs and a dozen chickens, he had ten thousand small creatures under his care.
So when he heard the girl say something along the lines of ‘so, what do you think about children, Mr Holmes’ he couldn’t quite stop himself.
John stopped him before he reached his lips, but he didn’t quite expect for Sherlock to forcefully turn him around and push John’s front against the mirror, holding his hand behind his back in a way that was downright painful. That was not a playful attack and the adrenaline in John’s veins made him answer in kind, kicking Sherlock’s leg, making the detective fall down to his knees with a painful sound, freeing John.
He wasn’t sure if it was better to leave it or discuss it. He wasn’t sure he wanted it to go away or go further. If he could only return to the state of obliviousness he lived in before, or at least to their weird power play, that would be the dream.
Honestly, he expected to be whipped for this, tied up, and left to lick Sherlock’s shoes begging for forgiveness, anything depraved his mind could come up with. He did not expect Sherlock to leave for another overseas mission the next morning and he thought the silent treatment was his unsatisfying punishment for making Sherlock jealous until he got his newest gift.
John’s fingers began to shake. Seeing this, Mycroft took the box from his hands and put it on the coffee table.
He was … intrigued. Was Sherlock just playing a game, or was he attracted to him? He did say that one time that he was married to his work but, well, a lot of people assumed things about them. A lot of people who knew Sherlock longer than John did. What if they had some reason to suspect it was more than John believed?
John’s grief was a weight he had to live with every day and he did everything to survive, he occupied himself in whatever way possible, he build this house for a family he would not have, and he hoped he could just keep working and occupying himself with this useless effort until he finally died.
For a moment, John was certain that he had finally gone mad, that he was seeing things, but then he realized this,
“I find that the combination of focus and good muscle control around the corporal smooth muscle that I’ve learned practicing Baritsu can be of great help. The body is controlled by the brain and the brain must be trained.”
John didn’t quite expect it when the lift stopped moving but he was not too worried when Sherlock took hold of his body and kissed him. Even when he was backed into the mirrored wall, he didn’t think much about it. Making out in an elevator was hardly anything unwanted, and they were just returning from dealing with a case, so they were not in any hurry.
John wasn’t going to lie, he felt warmer. Sherlock was caring for him, somehow, and this was a man who couldn’t even care for himself half of the time. It did make John feel a bit special.
John exhaled furiously. It wasn’t really unprecedented, nor was it strange, for Sherlock to run off into danger on his own, but John had hoped they passed that phase already. He had hoped Sherlock would think twice about what would have happened if the bullet didn’t just graze him. Even if it was selfish to imagine Sherlock would suddenly start looking after himself because John was in his life, that didn’t mean John couldn’t be angry about it.
John didn’t know the bride but her father was the music professor that they met in the opera house. He suspected he was the one that made his daughter invite them. Sherlock told him that they were wealthy and the groom was even more so, though Sherlock hadn’t met him before.
John resumed the movement of his hands down his chest, sliding one hand to cover Sherlock’s on his stomach and entwine their fingers. Sherlock seemed momentarily taken aback and John turned his head to bump his nose against Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock drew back to look into his eyes. John was weak against the desire he could see there, he was weak against Sherlock’s inhuman focus.
Sherlock was, thankfully, only unconscious. The man drugged him, of which Sherlock informed John himself, regaining consciousness for a while. His resistance to drugs was higher and so he drifted in and out of consciousness on their way home in the taxi. John dragged him to the bed, to let him sleep it off, but Sherlock stopped him before he could leave the bedroom. He asked him to stay.
“Not just any violin concert, John! Elizabeth Yu and Yu Quing Pei are to my knowledge the most creative, the most technically distinguished violinists alive. The tickets to London’s concert were long gone before I even got to know about it, but my father’s friend was hospitalized, so he cannot use them! Therefore, I wanted to ask if you’re free this Saturday?”
John didn’t think it necessary. What they did was hardly sadomasochistic. At least, he thought so, he didn’t really know what Sherlock planned.
The one song he would always remember was played right before the break. He couldn’t rightly describe what it felt like, but he sensed it was the truest sounding melody he ever heard. The musicians were turned to each other, and John could see they weren’t playing it for the audience. They were playing it to each other, and he was suddenly overtaken by the intimacy it carried. It was as if they hid no feeling from the other: their devotion, their hope, their lust, but there were such things as anger, as shame, as jealousy. And the ending part suddenly turned to sounds so full of deep sadness his heart clenched with it. It sounded as if the violins were imploring death itself to never part them, to disobey the rules of time and nature just so these two could live together forever. They seemed to beg that if death befell them it could be in the same moment so that neither had to live in a world without the other.
