Pulling away from his one-armed hug, the woman shifted her gaze over to Tony and flashed an inviting smile. “And who is this? A friend of yours?”
“Steve Rogers.”
On a whim, Steve turned on his camera and held his phone at arms length, angling the screen to make sure that his still glistening chest and abs were justly gratified in the shot before snapping the picture. He gave the photo a quick once over to double-check that everything looked good and that it wasn’t blurry, then quickly pressed send, damning his half-naked selfie into the ether of the internet.
“Miss Potts.” He acknowledged, instinctively moving the towel to cover himself. She probably saw more nude men on a daily basis than a doctor, but porn actor or not Steve was still a modest guy.
of people in his time, and that kiss had meant something.
“So, do you have any questions for me before you begin your screening with Mr. Stark?”
It wasn’t necessarily a bad thing that Tony had finally made nice with America’s golden boy, and would probably do wonders for the self proclaimed playboy's public image if they were seen being friendly with one another. At the very least it saved her a whole world of headaches.
“You’re sure?” He asked, remembering what Steve had told him before about waiting for the right partner. He liked to think no one could beat him in the sack, but Tony wasn’t completely vain, he knew that this carried more weight for Steve.
Mr. Stark gives him a questioning look but reaches over and grabs the whiskey along with a second tumbler and hands it to Steve.
“You’re not.” She said simply, and Steve raised a quizzical eyebrow at the cryptic response, which urged the assassin to continue. “To him, Captain America is just a flashy costume. Stark doesn’t respect the suit, he respects the person inside of the suit.” She went on, and Steve’s eyes snapped back to look at her.
Tony knows that it’s probably not the brightest idea to stay on a collapsing airship that’s suspended in air with an angry Hulk on the loose. Not if he wants to get out of here with all his bones intact, or alive for that matter, but it’s not like he's got a whole lot of options here.
“Its my new job, I get a lot of bonuses.” He said between bites of tuna mayo, knowing Bucky wouldn’t buy it.
“Kidding! Well, sort of. I did go to jail, but Rhodey bailed me out before sunrise.” He explained, as if that made his arrest negligible. “It’s just spiced rum. Promise.”
Steve grins widely and reaches over to grab one of the pillows, tossing it at Tony. The brunet ducks behind the door with a laugh just before the pillow makes contact with his face.
Either way, he was working on a way to fix this little oversight.
For a second he thought he misread the atmosphere when he felt Tony tense up under his touch. What the hell was he thinking? This man was his
“I…I didn’t mean to do that, it just sort of…instinct.” Steve rambled in a panicked haste, tripping over his words. “Shit, I’m an idiot…” He muttered, trying to roll off of the genius, but before Steve could fully retreat, Tony grabbed onto the leather strapped across his uniform and tugged at it to hold the soldier in place.
“Drive.”
“Relax Pep.” Tony sighed, finishing off his cocktail and pushed his barely eaten lunch to the side. “I’m not gonna put the moves on America's sweetheart, no matter how good his ass looks in spandex.” He smirked as he rose from his chair and threw a couple hundred dollar bills on the table like they were a dirty napkin.
Peggy smiled sadly, but her eyes were still soft and bright despite the cataracts that now clouded over them. “As am I.”
For a second Rumlow looked like he might be gearing up for a fight, but instead he just scoffed, casting Steve one last death glare before storming out of the room.
“Geez J, whose side are you on? Fine, let him in.” Tony muttered, making a waving gesture towards the ceiling because he knew that neither Steve nor Jarvis would leave him be long enough to get any actual work done.
He brushed one hand through his sweaty hair, the other going down to gently nestle atop Tony’s head, small little hums of pleasure slipping through his barely parted lips as he watched Tony’s jaw working him open.
Tony felt the ground shutter under him, knocking the genius off his feet and skittering across the floor as the ship tilted off its axis. He just barely managed to catch himself on a fixed beam, hanging off of it as the ship sways.
“Okay, fair, but how am I supposed to find a replacement before the end of the week?” He exasperates.
The dramatic eyeroll Steve offered him at that remark was a given, though Tony was caught off guard when he felt the hands on his waist dip lower to cup his ass through his jeans.
Steve smiled, leaning in until his lips were a hair’s length away from Tony’s. “Only if you promise to let me take you out sometime.”
With Tony’s deadline approaching in just a couple weeks he figures an early start was probably a good idea, and it doesn’t hurt to get to know the people he’s working with before he fucks them.
“Good. Great, actually. I think it’ll turn out to be a pretty good video.”
Tony shrugged. “Guess I just got to know him and realized that he wasn’t the self-righteous bastard I always built him up to be.”
Nope. No way. Absolutely not.
“I’m really sorry about this. If it wasn’t something important there’s no way in hell I’d be choosing work over—" He leaned against the doorframe, gesturing at him with a wave of his hand and a longing sigh. “Anyway, if I’m not at the studio in 20 minutes there’s a good chance that Pepper will castrate me so….”
Steve chokes, voice sounding pained as blood seeps through his fingers where he's putting pressure on the wound.
“I’m glad I didn’t.”
Tony would have never expected in a million years that Captain righteous and almighty would ever accept him ignoring command and just going ahead with his gut instinct, so the fact that he’d acknowledged that at all was a shock in itself. On top of that to ask him to lunch? That was definitely new.
Maybe he’s not so confident that this was a good idea after all.
“Uh, any reason why my kitchen looks like something straight out of Cupcake wars?” The billionaire asked as he reached over the mess to make a grab for the pot of coffee and pour himself a cup. He eyed a spot of spilled batter on the counter top where it looked like Steve had set down his mixing spoon at some point.
Steve lifted his head up, trying his best to not glare daggers at the director as he yelled at him for what seemed like the fifth time today.
“So?”
Besides, getting out of the city might paint a smaller target on their backs. Steve had never minded danger before, he welcomed it with open arms, but it wasn’t just about him anymore. Tony and him were married now with a kid, he couldn’t afford any dangerous anymore. Peter was almost two now and they needed a safe space for him to run around now that he could walk all by himself, so they were moving into a house just a few miles outside from the new compound.
He dressed himself in something proper, but casual – just a white button up with a charcoal vest thrown over top, accented by a single gold chain dangling from his left pocket.
“Enjoy yourself?”
“Don’t worry about your finances, you’ll find that the severance package is quite generous.” He said bitterly, refusing to look at him as he fiddled with stacks of paper on his desk. “You’ll get your cheque by the end of the week and you’ll continue to get your royalties until the end of the month, then I'll wipe every video of you off of our site.”
Hala ignored him, spitting something at one of the soldiers in a language that Tony did not recognize. A moment later the guard returned, holding a strange, metal object that looked like some sort of strange chalice and shoved it into his hands.
“Oh. Well, I’m sorry to hear that.” Tony defaulted, offering his condolences.
“What does Steve have to do with this?” He asked, finally taking Stane’s bait.
“Steve? Jesus, are you okay?”
Steve never came off as the bigoted sort, but he supposed not everyone was perfect. Considering the time he grew up in – where bible thumpers preached about how the sanctity of marriage was between a man and a woman and all that crap, he wouldn’t be surprised if Steve was a little off put by the sight.
“Yeah, you are.” The billionaire agreed, yanking the super soldier down against him for a much steamier kiss, not letting Steve chicken out of it this time.
Steve could feel his face heating up at that, and he almost choked on his next sip of rum. “Tony!”
Hala looks him over, as if assessing his threat level before she pulls her spear away. “Very well.” She huffs, and with a snap of her fingers two Kree guards come up and grab him by the arms, escorting him towards to airship.
Tony didn’t reply for what felt like minutes. Steve couldn’t tell if he was intentionally taking his sweet time texting back or if time just seemed to drag on forever.
Steve's eyes flick up at the microwave, catching the time. “I have to head out.” He said, shoving the rest of the sandwich in his mouth before grabbing his coat off the back of one of the chairs. Tuna mayo may not have been the best choice of food to eat before filming, but luckily, he still had that pack of mints in his pocket. “See you tonight.” He said, heading out the door.
Steve's hand keeps stroking himself through his climax until his dick is sore from overstimulation, thighs trembling as he drops his feet back onto the floor. Tony gives him a few moments of grace to steady his breathing. A few moments pass in silence between them. For a second, Steve thought Tony might have hung up on him.
Steve just turns his head to glance back at him with a mischievous grin before leaving the office.
“You’re early.” The tardy robotics engineer countered with an almost playful smirk, falling into step beside the blond soldier.
Natasha prompted.
“I still can’t find a way to stabilize the tissue once it’s extracted from the synthesizer.” He muttered mostly to himself, flicking the fleshy goop off of his hands. “Maybe if I increase the amount of keratin in the synthetic tissue and decrease the elastin, it will strengthen the fibrous structure of the epithelium…”
At his command, his scale-mail popped open like a piñata, letting him suck in a breath of dusty air as rubble rolled off of the useless, dented, smoking Iron Man suit.
I got this chapter out a lot faster than expected. It's all thanks to your wonderful comments and kudos. Knowing people like my fic really motivates me to write more, so keep it up because the real porn begins in the next chapter....
“I'm not saying you wouldn't be a good fit, but you're still new, and this role is not for amateurs.” He says, then stops himself when he sees the offended look cross over Steve's face. “I don't mean it like that -- You're great, really. I mean, the ratings prove what an asset you’ve been to the company, but this is some next level stuff and you're not exactly a seasoned pro. I just don't want you doing anything you might be uncomfortable with.”
Steve returned the smile, holding her small hand to his cheek. She was old and haggard now, but her eyes were still as fierce and strong as the woman he’d fallen in love with. “Even at 93 years old, I still think you’re beautiful.” He murmured.
The machine whirred as it accelerated, its piston jack hammering into his ass at a brutal speed, hitting his prostate dead on like it was target practice, each time sending jolts of electric pleasure coursing through every muscle fiber in his body.
“I see you’re just finishing up, how was the shoot?” She asked, eyes very briefly jumping up and down to take in his physique, making him fight the urge to blush.
Steve let his eyes slide close, relaxing against the shower room wall. He rubbed around his nipple, swiping the pad of his thumb over the little nub. The shock of just how good it felt surprised him a bit. Steve gasped, trying to stifle a moan, a spurt of precum drooling out of his cock at the rush of endorphins. He heard Tony let out an almost predatory growl over the phone.
The machine was…strange to say the least. Its metal pole made the silicone feel sort of stiff and foreign inside of him, and the diameter of the was a bit thicker than what he was used to but not too much so where it actually hurt, it was just uncomfortable. The thing felt more like what he imagined getting abducted by aliens would feel like, except somehow less arousing.
Any semblance of the shy, boy-next-door persona he seems to give off is promptly tossed out the window as he launches a full-on attack to Tony's mouth, vicious and bruising and just what they both need. Steve’s been riled up all day, and clearly so has Tony.  His hands move to squeeze his boss’s ass while his tongue presses into Tony’s eager mouth.
ten minutes!” He shouted.
Steve was out of his seat in an instance, rushing out of the diner and out towards the chaos as he usually did. Tony, not quite so brash, rolled back his sleeve to reveal his StarkWatch. He pressed a sequence of buttons on the device, twisting the face of the watch and rolled it over his fist, encasing his hand in a thin layer of vibranium glove with a repulsor on his palm. Once armed, he sprinted off after the Captain.
Tony leaned against an iron fence, licking a few drips of ice cream off of his hand as Steve sucked on his tricoloured frozen treat.
Steve let out a half hearted moan, trying to act ‘sexy’ while tilting his head back to look up at ceiling with a blank expression. Apparently his efforts came of as bored instead of alluring.
Just when things are getting good, Steve is startled by a sudden loud buzzing and the beginning chords of AC/DC’s  ‘Back in Black’. He glances over to the side table where the sound is coming from, seeing Tony’s phone going off.
All Steve could do was close his eyes and bare it, counting down the minutes until the Scene would end. Rumlow’s pace was brutal, and as the seconds ticked by Steve was starting to realize that breathing was starting to become an issue. His airway was too tight. He couldn’t get enough air in through his nose, and his lungs were starting to burn from the lack of oxygen.
“You know the long distance fees are going to be insane, right?” He chuckled.
“You like this don’t you? Being treated like the dirty whore you are.” Rumlow said, seeming fully invested in his role as the dominating sadist.
Tony smiled faintly at the teddy bear, reaching a hand up and gently placed it on the toddler’s back. “You know, I almost threw this thing in the trash when I grew up.” He said, nodding down at the teddy. “I wasn’t the nostalgic type, and I figured I’d never have a kid to hand it down to anyway.”
Tony grinned and nodded. “Sure, we’ll be back at six.”
They both don’t say anything for a few seconds and then Tony speaks up.
“How about you go with Tony whilst I pay for this stuff? You can go and think about what clothes shops you might want to go to.” Steve smiled kindly, and Peter just nodded, chest too tight to speak, and headed for the door of the shop.
“He tried to burn down the fucking kitchen making toast,” Tony muttered, pursing his lips before taking another sip of his drink.
Peter beat him three twice, and to finish it off on the last game lapped him too. He smirked as Sam let out another squawk of surprise when Peter’s bike zipped past him on the screen.
Eyes flitting around his room, he tried to come up with something to do or say when confronted because he probably only had limited time until someone came to get him, but his chest felt too tight and his breaths were coming short.
“You might be onto something there, kid, I’ll look into it.”
“Why can’t you have something now?”
Although he stayed comfortably silent throughout the journey back to the compound, he was practically vibrating with excitement and he didn’t even care when Steve started asking him incessant questions about what textbooks and school supplies he would need. The prospect of another shopping trip didn’t even phase him.
“I believe it is a nightmare.”
The look makes the boy squirm, face flushing red and he picks at his sleeves with eyes cast down. He should be more fucking hungry, and he had food, right here in front of him; yet he couldn’t eat more than a few bites.
“Well, you were great anyway.” Steve pressed a kiss to the top of Tony’s head, making the latter hum contentedly.
Subsequently, the next morning he slept for a few more hours but woke at around noon when his stomach simply wouldn’t let him get away with not eating anymore. Whilst there was food in his sock drawer, he was saving that for emergencies and refused to use any more of it when he could still go outside and get something to eat.
“Because it’s too much.” Peter hissed, face bright red and he then sighed and took a deep breath, tangling both hands behind his neck and dropping his head so he was staring at the table.
“Could we sit down in the living room maybe? So everyone is comfortable?” Steve asked again, and Peter pursed his lips but nodded and followed the two men into the living room before squashing himself as far back into the sofa as humanly possible whilst Tony and Steve took to armchairs opposite him.
“What’re you reading, kiddo?” Tony asked, coming out from the elevator and wiping a rag across his hands to get oil off it.
Peter followed Tony out, shutting his bedroom door behind him and stopping in the living room where Steve was eating a protein bar and reading something on his phone.
He then nodded at Stephen, who smiled and requested he move forward so he can look at his back, which Peter did with minimal hesitation.
“Watch your language, Tony,” Steve reprimanded, frowning. “But, uh, yes. Clint had an incident with the toaster.”
"Yes."
He reached into the drawer from the metal end table next to his bed and with pinched eyebrows pressed the power button experimentally.
He catches the coke with one hand as she throws it to him, and with the other begins to unzip his backpack.
Steve and Thor collect themselves quickly after the reminder, but Tony turned around and lifted an incredulous eyebrow towards her.
The cart Steve was pushing had something jammed in one of its wheels, which made it annoying for him to push. He had to keep most of his weight on one side of the handle bar to get it to move straight, which was tricky since he had to stop completely just to look at the grocery list.
"Bet this'll get Fury to cough up something extra, ayy Nat" He says excitedly.
"Err, onions, leeks, pop tarts, rice,
"Bit late for that, Clint" Steve muttered.
She abandoned the thought, and continued to check carefully through every nook and cranny with a practised eye.
She does feel bad though, he had been trying to get a coffee machine for a very long time with no avail. He refused to build one, claiming it wouldn't be the same since he didn't know
Tony"
"Murder?" Bruce asked, perturbed.
Nat gives him a regretful look, but knows she need not make any argument to convince Tony; he already knew she had won.
"Well, when we were looking to leave Brooklyn, we met this guy at the bus stop; Bruce. He had a few bruises on 'im, and he looked a little lost. Nat seemed to take a shine, and invited him to run off with us"
And once again Steve blushed, sheepishly he looked down at himself and shrugged.
"If we're not worried about looking suspicious walking out anymore, then I'm taking this baby with me" He tells her, and together they scale down the building.
Steve laughed hearily.
"No thanks, I needed to head back anyway"
"Guess it wasn't all great, if he ran off to live with you lot"
There was no response, and Nat knew he was too busy talking to the others to have heard her comment. The thing about their radios was that they could only connect to the one central receiver, which was Clint's radio back in the van. This meant that in order to communicate, they had to have one person on the outskirts playing the middle man. It was hardly ideal, but Tony always got mad when they complained about it.
With a resigned sigh, Steve began making his way down the road, already forming a plan in his head of what he was going to do when he got home.
"Shit! They're still around?"
"Bucky and I were just catching up" Steve says, good natured, and turns to look at Bucky warmly. Tony follows the movement, and the smile goes stiff at the corners a little
"No, we're not" Steve said with finality, and grabbed the coffee machine out of Tony's hand.
"Oh? Are you alright?" She asked
"Why you little-! Come here and have a taste of my foot; no one insults my tech!"
"So have
"Err, you know, I just tripped or- yeah" He cleared his throat and finally looked her in the eye, "I'm Steve, by the way"
"After that, we met this guy, Thor, at a market. He's Norwegian, speaks a bit funny, and was trying to convince this lady at her stand to trade his krona for food. Guess we sort of picked him up somehow"
Steve looks at Bucky, heartbroken, but doesn't say anything to stop him leaving.
"How do you two know each other?"
"Clint's already here" replied Natasha, leaning across the railing to peer down the street, "And so is Thor"
he was glad to have put on so much muscle so quickly, if only because it made it easier to carry groceries, and throw coffee machines at thugs.
"Yeah, we ran off together after you
At that, Tony looks up with emotion, throwing his hands up in horror.
"I'll walk you home, punk" Bucky says
you beautiful beast you!" And with that he sped across the corridor in frantic search.
"No, actually; I've been sharing with a couple of people. It's semi-permanent, you know" Steve smiles gently, "They're good people"
"Sure thing, jerk; I'm not about to disappear on you again"
"You'll get there one day" Said the cashier, a thin face old woman, who offered him a kind glance. Steve, for the second time that day, blushed furiously. Perhaps he'd been a little too obvious.
Steve watches him go, excited to have seen him after so long, and sad again to see him go.
backpack.
"Nice weather for early March, isn't it Kate?" Tony asks easily.
Tony turns his attention to the camera just above the doorway, angled down; it's more than likely just for show, but it's always better to be safe, he's always warned.
"Now we just have to wait for Thor" Steve said, adjusting the straps on his backpack to sit more tightly against him, "And then we can get Clint to bring the van around"
Just as he did so, a beeping sound began to sound. It was a shrill sound, that grated at Natasha's nerves, and she looked down at the open flooring.
"He nice?"
Steve nodded his head agreeably, and looked Bucky up and down with a careful smile.
Bucky gave him a small shrug, hopping off the wall and letting out a little laugh as they hugged as old friends.
"Yeah, I've been working out" He jokes, but he knew it too must have been a shock.
On the end of the bed perched a cream throw and resting on top of that was a dark blue fluffy dressing gown and a pair of slippers in the same colour. On either side of the bed sat two bedside tables, each with a lampshade on it and above his bed was a shelf which had a few books along it. On the other side of the room was a small dressing table with a mirror perched on the top of it and a row of draws on the left-hand side, but that was empty (presumably for any hygiene products he may use). Parallel to his bed was a tv, and Peter didn’t even want to think about how much that cost.
So it's only a little after a week since last time, which I think is progress?
Peter faltered, then answered: “Yes.”
“This coming Monday if possible.”
“And also, to say that Mexican place was amazing.” Tony adds again, grinning. “I’m favourable to the tacos.”
It wasn’t like himself and the two men across from him were like family, but they had some sort of dynamic where they cared for him and that made him antsy in the worst way possible.
The eyes blinked open, a soft groan escaping chapped lips as he tried to take in the room.
So, he slipped on a pair of sweats and a hoodie before going out into the living room.
“Okay, well we’ll talk tomorrow morning anyway. Goodnight, Peter.” Stephen smiles at him quickly before turning to the door and heading out, lab coat breezing behind him.
And the only notice he gave them that he was angry, was that he slammed his bedroom door so forcefully the drawers in the chest of drawers rattled.
And then someone was next too him, talking slowly.
“Hey!” Ned greeted excitedly after he opened the window and Peter began lifting himself through. “I haven’t seen you in ages, dude. Where have you been?”
“What is actually going to happen?” Peter asked hesitantly, unsure that he wants to know the answer.
Sam whistled before taking a sip out of a glass of orange juice, “Damn kid, you gotta be smart. My nephew tried to get a scholarship for Midtown – didn’t get it.”
Peter’s head snapped to Bruce then, mouth pursed. For a moment, Peter could tell the others thought he was about to shout at Bruce and state that he didn’t need to be looked at like he had multiple times yesterday on the way down to the medical wing from the meeting rooms.
The blond began moving towards the bed but then faltered with the next words that came out of the boy’s mouth.
“I’m prescribing you two weeks of the fast-metabolism antibiotics. You will also need to eat as much as possible over the next few weeks, to regain your strength, I would suggest things high in fats and carbs. Drinks like orange juice and milk would also be appreciated.”
Although when they reached the administration’s office, a lady he didn’t recognise was sat behind the desk in a white blouse. She looked up when Tony opened the door and then smiled when she realised who it was.
“What’s wrong? Do you not like the food because we can go somewhere else-“
“You okay?” Tony asked softly after a few minutes of silence where Peter regained his breath and became more familiar with his surroundings.
The others had been informed twenty minutes prior by Jarvis that Peter had just woken up from a much needed nine-hour sleep but by the way Peter felt, he could have slept double that.
“Which is why we’re gonna set a curfew, so everyone is clear about when you need to be home, no matter where you are, and if you miss that you understand that you have messed up.”
I know I said I'd have this up on the 11th but I'm the worst person ever and decided to completely ignore that and spend ages on rewriting it...
“Cool. Jarvis?”
The first thing that Peter noticed when he was in the med-bay of Stark Tower is that the Avengers were communicating without speaking, like a well-oiled machine.
Steve.” Tony huffs irritably, rolling his eyes. “It’s like I’ve taught you nothing I swear.”
“Well, we thought we’d let you settle for two or three weeks and then go and speak to your headmaster to see about enrolling you again. Sound good?”
There was a moment of silence where no one said anything and all that was heard was the sizzling of the pan that was on the stove.
“His blood sugar levels are low, extremely so. And judging by how skinny he is he seems to not have had a decent meal in a while. Even as a growing teenager, he needs a lot to eat, but also with his enhancements he probably needs more food than Steve on a good day.”
The room was so silent that you could hear a pin drop, and Steve swallowed thickly.
Peter narrowed his eyes, face still flushing, and pursed his lips before looking away from her eyesight and shuffled his feet whilst answering shortly.
“No,” Steve responds this time, gentle. “We won’t be your parents. More like caregivers or just someone who makes sure you go to school and eats your vegetables and stuff.”
“…conference on Tuesday…”
“This is Garett Clifton. As of ten weeks ago, he was the foster parent taking care of Peter when his last living relative died. Three weeks ago, he was sentenced to ten years in prison for child neglect and child abuse to one Mary Gibson and there is still an ongoing court case about child abuse towards Peter.”
They weren’t exactly announcing their newfound comradery to the world, but they weren’t keeping it a secret either.
Tony was currently out to lunch with Pepper, idly observing the bustling on-goers of Manhattan from his spot on a classic bistro's rooftop terrace as they discussed SI investment plans and future projects.
There was still a teeny bit of bickering, which was inevitable with two strong personalities living under one roof, but it wasn’t nearly as catastrophic as their previous fights had been. Mostly it was just arguments over who got to choose the film for movie night, or Tony criticizing Steve’s inability to adapt to modern day tech.
“Any time.”
Steve gets the not so subtle hint, a smirk tugging at his lips. If Tony wants to bone, he’s not going to put up a fuss. Besides, the man’s logic is sound, so how can he argue with that?
“What, not done reprimanding me for what a disgrace I am to the team? Or did I do something else that Mr. Goody-Two-Shows Captain America disapproves of?” He spat in his usual snarky tone of voice.
“Yeah, but you’re hot now.” Tony interjected without any filter, as if that was supposed to make Steve feel better, which it sort of did coming from a man who’s dated just about every good looking guy and gal around.
Steve furiously shook his head and leaned forward just the slightest, feeling sick to his stomach. “She remembered me, but then it’s like…it’s like she reset.” He explained, and caught the guilty look that crossed Tony’s face.
Steve could understand why Tony was concerned, he's only been in the industry for a couple months, it made sense for him to worry about his subordinate’s well being. Steve thought the stuff he was doing now was pretty intense, and if that was what Tony considered novice level then this other stuff was probably way above his of expertise.
“You need to get it re-assessed? I can set up an appointment--"
Steve lets out a frustrated groan.
Steve lunged forward in his eagerness for another kiss but Tony stopped him by pressing a finger to his lips, much to the soldier’s confusion.
“Yes, yes, fuck…harder.” He shouts as Tony plows him, mouth hung open as he continues to voice his pleasure. He hopes Tony sound proofs his rooms because if not then he’s pretty sure people can hear them three floors down.
Before Steve could utter a reply the line cuff off and there was a distinct clicking noise as the door unlocked and slid open to let him into the studio.
“Already taken care of. Metal doesn’t really hold up when we’ve got a Hulk on our side.” Steve said with a small grin. There was no question that the Hulk’s destructive tendencies and irrepressible urge to smash anything in its sights was a double-edged sword, but he definitely came in handy.
Realizing he was the only one in the damp, tiled room, Steve felt a surge of naughty excitement rush through him.
He could hear the slick sounds of Tony pleasuring himself too coming through from his end and let out a small whine. He could picture the billionaire on his back, pants shoved down his hips with his hand shoved into his boxers. The mental image alone brings him dangerously close to the edge.
Hey, this is uh…its Steve. From the emails?” Wow, way to go Roger’s. You sound very eloquent there.
Tony…Tony was firing him? No. He wouldn’t.
He hadn’t told Bucky about his new job. He’d always been overprotective, ever since they were kids, and he had a feeling if the other knew what he was doing to make cash he wouldn’t be too pleased.
Tony didn’t really think much of his newfound respect and devotion to their leader, but the others were clearly picking up on just how friendly the two were becoming.
That’s not a complete lie. Thor’s hot, it’s hard to complain when you’ve gone 240 lbs of pure Adonis pumping into you and Steve did enjoy the sex even if big, bulky brutes weren’t typically his type.
Steve immediately feels heat wash over his face. “No, not really. Not like this.” He admits, looking anywhere but in front of him. He hears Mr. Stark mutter something about ‘damn rookies' under his breath.
“This load washed?” He asked, rifling through mountains of balled up socks.
“Oh yeah?” Bucky cut him off before he could rattle off any excuses. “The same way you were gonna tell me about your little Cam boy business?”
“Don’t sweat it Cap. Adrenaline is a complicated thing. Happens to the best of us, it’s not a big deal.” He said dully.
“Hey.” Steve returned the half smile, rubbing his palm over his knuckles.
Just like that, the tension mostly ceased, although the two men continued hovering in each other’s faces, staring each other down like it was a death match. Tony was the first to break the silence.
“I'm not an idiot Stevie, I know there's not that kind of money in fucking
“Do I have something on my face?”
Tony continued watching the screen with fervor, eyes following the diamond tipped edge of the leather whip as it trailed up the length of Steve’s creamy inner thighs, moving its way up and caressing every dip and curve of rock hard abdomen. Tony focused on the muscles jumping under the touch of cool leather, completely captivated by the Adonis-like figure.
Steve could have very easily gotten away if he really wanted to -- it’s not like Tony could overpower the soldier’s super human strength, but Steve stopped fleeing at the resistance, turning his head back to look at his captor with curious baby blues.
At that remark, Steve reached out to take the flask from Tony, realizing that if the more he drank, the less Tony would. While the super serum made his body impervious to the effects of alcohol, his eyes still watered at the burning sensation on his tongue, and he almost choked as the liquor scorched his throat.
The two Kree soldiers that were stationed at the base of the throne straighten up and began to advance at their queen's command, weapons pointed at him.  Tony looked at them both, eyes darting between the two as he rattled his brain, wondering how the hell he was going to talk himself out of this one.
Tony smiled, scooting up to lay next to Steve, dragging the duvet over both of them. “It’s fine, you’re tired.”
“I think this time you might reconsider.” He said, reaching into the front of his suit.
Steve was standing less than a foot away from him now, close enough that if Tony reached out he could touch him.
The elevator doors opened and Tony was quick to shove Obediah inside, reaching past the sliding doors to press the ground floor for him. He wanted this man out of his office. Just as the doors were about to close, Stane reached out to grab at the edge, his expression shifting from amusement to seriousness as he focused on Tony.
It was true, how could they kid themselves? The child was sleeping in the air vents, wrapped up in a sleeping bag. He wasn’t doing that as a choice, it was a necessity of not being frozen to death in the cold nights of what was proving to be a horrid November.
“Okay.” He whispered.
“We’ll get food as soon as we get to the mall, don’t worry kiddo.”
“I’m fine.” He responded, pulling his sleeves past his hands, and picking at the rips in his jeans.
When the trio had returned home after what was an amazing meal, they split up to head to respective beds. After Steve and Tony had watched the new episode of ‘the great British bake off’, they’d retired to turning off the main light and getting changed into pyjamas.
“Why were you sleeping in the vents of the tower?” Asked Clint, voice kind and soft, no hint of interrogation at all.
“Uh, yes, it was good.” Tony smiled, and Peter didn’t say anything, too interested in the artwork on the walls.
Tony and Steve both had the decency to leave Peter alone whilst they chose some food and let him gather himself, so when the waitress came over, they asked for all the food, choosing a few sides and starters as well as the three mains. They had decided that Peter would have Ramen Soup, which sounded pretty nice, and when the waitress left his shoulders sagged with relief.
“Do you know what classes you’ll be in yet?”
“I’m, uh, also coming back to school.” Peter smiled shyly at him, and then laughed softly when Ned's face lit up.
"Every Thursday afternoon?"
On top of the plush cream carpet sat a grey fluffy rug that moved nicely under his feet and made the room feel smaller, which he appreciated. And then on either side of the tv were two doors, and his eyes scanned them in thought.
Happy had been in the lobby, when Peggy showed up. He tackled the guy dropping her off, not wanting him to get away. The rest of the family showed up seconds later.
All of a sudden, all the lightbulbs went off in Steve’s brain, “Holy shit. He thinks I’m gonna leave him. He thinks I’m in love with you. Oh god, Bucky.” Steve got up and started pacing, “How do I fix this? How do I convince him?” He turned to look at Bucky on the couch, “How do I do this? I fucked everything up. How do I fix this?”
Tony cut him off after that,”Just a panic attack, I think. No big deal, I’ve dealt with them before. Brushed them off, no muss, no fuss.” And there were the smart remarks Steve was expecting.
When the homing beacon went off, the team was loaded in the QuinJet in under two minutes. There were looks of grim determination on all of their faces. Peter had somehow managed to activate the beacon, but at what cost? They knew HYDRA wasn’t opposed to torturing Peter. And if Peter had somehow made contact with JARVIS, there would be hell to pay. Nobody talked, but they were all thinking the same thing, would he be alive?
It sounded like papa.
Tony perked his head up, “Sure, just leave Peggy with me if you can. Bruce wants you down in his lab. He has some questions about Bucky.”
“W-who are you? What do you want?”
“Peggy, papa and daddy love us very much. They’re gonna come with Uncle Clint and Aunt Tasha and Uncle Thor and Uncle Bruce and Aunt Sharon and Aunt Maria and everyone else real soon. They promised they’d never leave us alone.”
Peter’s eyes lit up with excitement, as did Peggy’s once they realized what Steve had said. They almost never got to pick movies. In fact, it was rare that Steve and Tony let them watch TV at all. Getting to choose what they wanted to watch was a special treat.
“Already programmed in Sir.”
“Tasha! We need to move now! Can you hear me?”
Steve was already moving.
Rhodey looked up, “Could you do that in time, Tones? I know you’re a genius man, but can you build a phony Iron Man suit in,” he looked at his watch, “three hours?”
Peggy was starting to wake up, Steve rubbed her back and she calmed down, “Tony, I just want to help her. How can we do that if we don’t know what we’re supposed to do?”
Panic was slowly spreading through her once again. “How bad is it?”
“So you guys know how I’ve been going through fertility treatments for the last few years, right?”
Sharon rubbed her face, “We’re really not sure. You guys left and she started sobbing. A few minutes later, she was calling for you guys, begging you not to leave, promising she’d be good. I really don’t know what was going on Tony, I’ve never seen her like that before.”
He’d never forget when that alarm went off. It went off at exactly 12:06 in the afternoon. JARVIS’s voice came through the speakers immediately after.
They waited until after dinner, when the kids were in bed and the Russian Sweethearts (as Tony had so affectionately named them) had left.
Peggy whimpered, but managed to talk, “You’re a liar.”
“I was a bitch before, I’m not going to deny that. I ran and locked you out and away from me. I had no consideration for anyone else but myself. I realize that now. But before? I wasn’t thinking and I- I just need to talk to you Steve. Really sit down and talk. Because I can’t do this without you. These last few months? There were days I wondered why I even bothered. Because you wouldn’t want me anymore after what I’d done and there really wasn’t anyone else to be living for, so why should I bother?
Tony chuckled, “Well, speak for yourself Steve, I have plenty of work to keep me busy. Although, I’m sure I could find something to keep you busy too.”
This chapter's also a little bit choppier than the last ones, but I think it works for the most part. If any of you know of a beta that would be willing to help me, let me know in the comments.
“But she got me thinking. I know we initially ruled out a therapist because Peggy wouldn’t talk, but I think now that she’s talking more and more, reconsidering might be a good idea. We’re kind of out of other options here, Steve.”
His husband was quick on his heels, “Give me one fucking reason you pulled me away from my kids for this? One good fucking reason I shouldn’t walk back out the door right now?”
There were tears in Toni’s eyes and she had massive bags under her eyes, “So is there hope that he’ll wake up? Any at all?”
Steve was already moving before he thought the ask, “JARVIS, where is Tony?”
“What happened? Where did we go wrong Steve? What could I have done better? They can’t be gone Steve, they just can’t !”
“Daddy!”
Tony ran his hands down his face, “According to Fury, he passed the psych evals. I don’t doubt that he did either. That man can keep everything bottled up like nobody I’ve ever known. He probably just wanted to get back into the action ASAP. I hate to say this, but maybe he thought he’d die there and not have to worry about living.”
“Okay Toni, with the next contraction can you give me another big push?” Dr. Evans was trying not to laugh at Toni’s outbursts.
Pietro was in a completely different boat. He was loving living at the tower. After Clint had electrocuted Wanda, Pietro had initially hated the archer. After the third or fourth escape attempt though, they formed some weird kind of father-son bond. But not really because nobody in their right mind would think of Clint as fatherly.
The shower seemed to help a bit, but the coffee enabled him to get down to the shop. And the shop let him get back to work. Getting back to work felt normal, human, something that would never change. Tony thought that maybe going up to bed had been a bad idea. He hardly ever had night terrors when he fell asleep in the shop, but had them almost every time he went to sleep in his bed.
Peter raised a small, hesitant smile before cracking the bones in his knuckles in nervousness because he had nothing to do with his hands.
“I think you should be ready to get out of the med bay tomorrow.” Stephen smiles at him. “Provided you eat your daily number of calories and you don’t do any heavy exercise for the next week.”
“The big deal is you didn’t tell anyone! What if you got hurt? We didn’t know where you were!” Steve replied all in one, tone irritated.
A sudden whirring noise made him jump, and he followed the noise to be the cupboard doors opening and a flat screen folding out already on and ready to go. He clutched the remote with sweaty hands, and hastily set it to the side before gently speaking again:
“Okay.” He said again.
Slowly, his senses regained to him at a normal level. Where his eyes were clear but tired, and he could hear everything like normal with no ringing in the background, and his head wasn’t fuzzy with lack of oxygen.
It must have been difficult for him to wake up in a whole different century and also have a bunch of money that he didn’t know what to do with.
“You always want to go to that Italian place for date night.” Steve complained. “Let’s go somewhere else?”
“Stark Tower.”
It was, though, in some ways nice to relax from the walls he put around himself or worry about where he was going or who he was with or what he was going to eat the next day. Only in some ways though.
“Okay Peter, do you think we could start by taking a listen to your chest?”
“Yes, we know that. But-“
“We’ll go shopping for more things for your room and some clothes when you get off the ward.” Steve said, smiling.
“It’s big,” Peter stated, voice croaky, throat tight.
“So, who is gonna be his legal caregivers while he’s here?” Natasha asked, eyes skating over everyone in the room.
“Uh, around three.” Steve checks his watch. “You were asleep for about an hour and half, maybe two? We’re watching some story about toys now.”
He was tempted to state that he was ‘all better now, let’s get the fuck out of here’, but Annie had been really nice to him and was now looking at him with kind eyes and a warm smile that reminded him too much of May for him to say anything other than: “It was okay.”
“So, a new family again huh? These ones any good?” He smiled a little sadly but Peter just sat down on his bed and plopped Neds stuffed R2D2 on his lap.
“Yeah?” She questioned, “And how are you getting along with Steve and Tony?”
“How did you like Annie?” Tony asked him when they were in the elevator up to the common room, briefly glancing at him and then looking forward again.
Bruce smiled, warm. “Do you like science, Peter?”
. It’s okay. You can choose whatever you’d like.” He spoke gently, eyes warm.
“But do you want it?” She asked.
Peter swallowed dryly, looking back down at the prices before slowly closing the menu.
There were a few more seconds of silence, and then Steve spoke again.
“Why should I trust you?”
Peter could feel his temper rising, hands clutching at his sides, eyes squinting at the over confident doctor.
“Look, I didn’t hear anything. You can just let me go and I won’t talk to anyone – I know better than to mess with you guys.” He then paused, gazing around at the rubble from his fall. “If you want me to work to make up for the damage, I can do that too.”
"Clint, shut up." Steve quickly said, mind flashing with
“Don’t sweat it, kid.” Steve smiled again. “Just help me pick out some sheets, yeah?”
“What’s too much?” Tony asked calmly after Peter had taken a few more breaths.
“Now, although we are going to talk about the importance of why you need to tell us where you are going when you go somewhere and the necessity of having a phone, we wanted to ask you why you didn’t tell us where you were going?” Peter could see out of the corner of his eye Tony was trying to make eye contact but didn’t lift his head.
“It’s fine. I’m just not hungry.” Peter said sharply towards Tony who had been speaking, face flushing red as he avoided eye contact.
“One is mine and Stevie’s room. One is the main bathroom. One is Steve’s art studio and this one here is your room.”
Enjoy :)
“God, I know I have it every time but I’m going to have to have the Pad Thai, it’s just too good.” Tony groaned, making Steve grin at him as he closed his menu and made his choice.
Peter didn’t quite know how he got to the point where he was eating breakfast with the entirety of the avenger’s team on a random Thursday in November; yet here he was, staring at the mountains of scrambled eggs, platters of crispy bacon and stacks of fluffy pancakes that Steve had made that morning and the earth’s mightiest heroes delve into it like they hadn’t eaten in months.
“Okay.” He agreed, sitting down and accepting the controller. “But just remember it’s going to be ten times more painful losing knowing that I haven’t played in a few months.”
Peter nods slightly, feeling his body tense slightly.
“Some people just whisked off with our bags, to take them to the car.”
Peter tilts his head to gaze at him, observing him quietly, blinking a few times. Then, almost imperceptibly, he nodded.
They both smile kindly, and Tony takes Steve’s hand.
No one said anything after that as the doors opened and they all walked to Peter’s room to drop off bags, setting them down in various parts of the room.
Steve smiled at him warmly, and Peter didn’t even acknowledge them, looking to the other wall where there were posters about mental health posted up.
“Stay here.” Steve found himself saying. “Just for a couple of hours while we contact your family, okay? We won’t hurt you; I promise.”
“Jarvis, does this guy have weapons on him or anything that could harm us in any way?”
He felt pretty refreshed as he walked out the door and onto the sidewalk alone for the first time in a while; he even had a little spring in his step.
“Oh, thank god I can’t take much more of MJ. I’m gonna kill her I swear.”
“If you want, Pete, we could start testing your limits?” Tony asked, pouring himself another mug of coffee.
“If you need anything, you can always talk to us, okay?”
“Why don’t you come with us and we’ll go and get some pain relief for you, maybe some food, I’m starving.”
Peter wants to be glad, wants to shout ‘thank fuck for that’ and get to sleep without a nurse prodding him awake every two hours to hear his breathing. But he just raises a forced smile and settles down under his blanket heap again.
So, he’d not been wearing a lot of his new clothes, save for a top every now and then. Taking a deep breath, he reached out for a pair of new jeans that were black and skinny, with rips in the knees (intentional). He also grabbed a red sweater that was slightly baggy and some underwear and socks.
chair. His day had just gotten worse.
“Wait, seriously? You’re not going to give some huge, anti-gay propaganda speech?”
“You got a better idea then, Cap? Because I’d love to hear it.”
He was strung up again, wrapped up in an intricate, black leather harness that had straps that went across his chest to accentuate his bust. Two metal clips were clamped over his nipples, creating a constant, uncomfortable pinching feeling. His hands were bound tight behind his back. His ankles were tied too, making him have to struggle to keep his balance every time Rumlow brought the whip down on him.
“Hey, just because I said that hanging out with you doesn’t make me want to drown myself in booze, it doesn’t make us friends.” He stated firmly.
Tony furrowed his brows and knelt, sitting with his legs crossed and propped Peter up on his knee. He took the toy, his confused expression quickly fading into nostalgia.
“I’m gonna jump.”
Steve opened his mouth to say something but quickly shut it because what on earth could he say to
So much for him giving up the Grandpa chic look.
Hooking a finger around Steve’s belt, Tony gave a small tug to which the soldier immediately acquiesced, closing the distance between them by a few more inches.
Howard had always gone on about what a great man Captain America was.
“What do you want?” Tony cut him off, not wanting to hear another word.
The fact that Mr. Stark was his boss only hit him as an afterthought.
large weapon less than an hour ago. Are you sure you’re fit to pull off a rescue mission?”
Had his voice always been that husky?
Steve let out a small groan, arching his chest into Tony’s touch. For such a sensitive part of his body they often went neglected so even the light brush of Tony’s thumb swiping over them sent electric pleasure straight to his dick.
Tony seems to notice the look on his face because he smiles softly and brushes a stray strand of hair from Steve’s face. “Hey, don’t worry. I still plan on collecting my debts.” He reassures, bringing Steve’s face in for a much slower, more tender kiss.
He ignores that part.
“What makes you think I know how to some ancient, alien artifact?” Tony asked, dumbfounded.
Pepper laughed. “Oh yeah? Which one are you then, the old cat or the mouse?”
“Calm down, I'm not gonna press charges on your little guard dog.” Tony muttered, gently pulling Steve’s hands away from his face. He dabbed at his swollen lip with the ice pack, then winced at the sharp sting and dropped it again. “He's not the first person to punch me in the face and he probably won't be the last.”
Tony dramatically groaned and rolled his eyes, finally looking up at Steve. “If I eat something will you stop mothering me?”
Tony smirked, stretching himself along the roof of the car, possibly a little drunk. “Oh, don’t be like that. I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.”
“Steve?”
Steve woke with a jolt, jerking forwards and immediately regretting that decision when there was a sharp stab of pain in his left side. He let out a hiss through his teeth, hand instinctively raising up to touch the tender area, feeling a thick barrier of gauze under his palm.
Bucky shifted his gaze from Steve to Tony, eyes hard and narrowed.
Aside from the jar of dick shaped lollipops that were on the front desk, it kind of looked like a fancy hotel.
“Right, Steve! Hot, blond sex god with the gorgeous pecs – well actually, we already have a guy here who calls himself a sex god, his name's Thor, but you're like, the classic boy next door type. Anyway, don’t listen to me, I'm rambling. Have a seat. Can I get you anything? Coffee, water, whiskey on the rocks?”
“Actually you two should go ahead. I’ll stay here.” The doctor interrupted, eyes shifting between the two team leaders as he took off his coat.
As lacking as that statement was in kindness, it definitely took Tony by surprise.
“If there’s ever something I’m uncomfortable with you’ll be the first to know.” He says mischievously, winking back at Tony before heading out.
The machine spurred to life once more, pumping in and out of his body at a steady pace. Steve grunted around the gag in his mouth, trying not to think about the rubber flesh dragging against his insides. It’s not that he didn’t enjoy anal, he did, but it was difficult to focus on the pleasure when he just wasn’t feeling it.
Hopefully the distance from the main city might deter the crazy super villains from showing up at their doorstep. And if it didn’t, well the new facility was equipped with lasers so maybe that might keep them away.
“Did I ever mention how much I hate reptiles?” She said in disgust as she climbed up its neck, shooting at its beady yellow eyes with her widows’ bite while Iron Man flew up to the opposing flank and shot a barrage of repulsor beams into its side, but the creature was barely affected by the stings. Instead, their attacks just seemed to be pissing him off.
That caught him a bit off guard. He expected Tony would be too busy when he got back, or that he might want to unwind and relax after his business trip. Then again, he probably wanted just wanted to fuck.
Peter didn’t seem to hear him or care. Just like his father that one. He sighed heavily and snapped his fingers to get his attention.
Steve grins, resting his hip atop his desk. “You make that sound like I didn’t enjoy it.”
The last few weeks had certainly been a learning experience, and while Steve doubted that he would win an Oscar with his acting skills he could definitely put on a show worth watching.
That was just how Tony worked. Locked away in his laboratory, listening to hard rock and heavy metal -- basically any music that was loud and obnoxious, and just lost himself in his work.
“Well, you can’t go into battle like that.” He said, tossing Steve his shield.
The rest of the night was a conglomeration of eating, drinking and lots of X-rated party games that only a group of people who spent a lot of time naked in each other’s presence would feel comfortable playing. Eventually everyone went their separate ways, but Tony offered to give him a ride home, showing off one of his (apparently of many) designer sports cars.
He was very aware that he was an amateur, but film director Nick Fury did not seem to give two shits that he was inexperienced in the art of adult filmography and would not hesitate to berate him for every little mistake.
Dammit, every time he upgrades his tech something still manages to take him out.
“I was probably 18. Shocking, I know, but I wasn’t always this dashingly handsome.” Tony flaunted, which earned a dramatic eye roll from Steve.
The second guy cums not long after the first. His aim is a little lower, so he shoots across Steve’s tongue, hitting his chin and splattering on his heaving chest. Steve’s never felt so thoroughly coated before, and it’s not necessarily a bad feeling.
Steve stared at the barren chat history, silently debating if he should just grow a backbone and send a message himself but what would he even say?
“Oh fuck! Fuck. Please. Please fuck me, I need it so bad. Pleeeease.” He whines, tears pricking at the corners of his eyes. He doesn’t care that he’s begging, he’s far too desperate to get railed to worry about his humility.
Steve rested hip against the bar table, crossing his arms as he leaned into it. “You know, you shouldn’t be drinking on your meds.” He scolded, eying Tony suspiciously as he sipped his whiskey.
the toaster!"
Finally, after a few minutes of painstaking search, Natasha saw a seam in the floorboard that looked wider than the others, as though it had been pulled up often. She kneels over to check, and pulls a screwdriver from her pocket to try and weasel it through.
"Yeah; looks like it must've been set off when it got exposed to the lights"
A quick knock on the garden doors and two extra heads pop into sight before shuffling their way hurriedly inside.
Both Thor and Steve had the upper body strength to pull themselves up over the fence despite having no foot rest, and Natasha was light and agile enough to leap onto a ledge that faced into the pathway.
"Luckily, nothing too bad happened in the end" Steve replied meaningfully
Bucky sways slightly on his toes and bumps into Steve playfully.
"Two years isn't such a bad run, though"
Tony is next, and is more clumsy, but he makes it out with a good amount of ease considering he has the coffee maker under his arm.
"Well, Bruce's home life wasn't the best, from what he's said. I guess, when you see an opening like that, it's hard to say no" Steve tilted his head, melancholy, "It sucks, but I'm glad he's with us; he's a good calm amongst the rest of us-
"That's alright" She said, "Only, you're blocking the hand sanitiser with your trolley"
someone who judged him at face value. It was a testament to how fake and plastic his upbringing was, filled with businessmen and nannies who almost always had ulterior motives. Steve just hoped Tony would behave.
"Meh, don't know about that; I doubt it'll last long enough"
"Thank you, ma'am" He said hurriedly, before picking up all his bags.
As they slid in, the doors closed on their side, but the doors on the other side stayed open for Thor, who was running towards them quickly.
Steve nods, and they exchange numbers before Bucky hands over his armful of groceries to Tony.
"And this guy, Thor, he got trouble at home too?"
"Only problem is" Natasha begins, "There's way more here than we thought"
"I- I
She had a crisp English accent, something Steve had never heard outside of television and he chuckled nervously, "Yeah, sorry, bad habit; helps me think"
"Well, when we were still driving between states, sleeping here and there, we found him smoking a cigar outside a Mcdonalds; Him and Bruce hit it off, and he just invited himself along"
"Well, you're supposed to warn us when someone's breaking into the house we're raiding. Over."
He'd just gotten himself into an acceptable rhythm, murmuring to himself quietly, when something stopped him just a few blocks from the apartment.
"Yes" Thor agrees, "Perhaps it is here he will find that which he has been searching for; this so called,
"Let's get out of here" Steve said softly, just as he lifted the 11th- and last- brick from under the floorboard.
sO, my first draft of this Tony came across as suuuuuuch an asshole; twas not my intention, please no hate. He's kind of my favourite, but he's rough around the edges.
"Pish posh, Nat; we have all the time in the world. It's not often we get sent to scavenge houses, let along absolute
"And he just said yes?"
, jerk" He returns
"Well, err, he comes from a rich background; his dad owns Stark Industries"
"Nothin' to leave behind?"
"Bye, punk" And off he went.
Comes Clint's voice from over the speaker,
Steve nodded as they reached the few steps up to the apartment complex.
"I'm Bucky, you must be Tony"
"I would've rather one of you got stabbed by the man's machete"  The brunette grumbled.
Tony leaned over too and squinted, "And so is Thor's new friend"
And its true; the score was huge, and there were almost a dozen neatly wrapped pounds of the drug hidden neatly under the floorboard.
"Anyone else to tell me about?"
Steve winces in horror.
"Not one for reading in your head?" Came a friendly voice, and Steve looked up quickly. A brown haired girl had her cart just beside hi, she grinned at him with a set of teeth, that seemed very white in contrast next to her bright red lipstick "My mum's the same"
coffee, he only knew drinking it. Either way, they couldn't risk being seen leaving with anything they hadn't entered with, and this find was too valuable to sacrifice.
Just as Natasha was about to radio in once again and ask Clint whether the others had said where they were, she spots Steve sprinting expertly across the street towards her. She moved out from where she was hidden behind a railing, and flagged him over.
here, Buck?"
"Oh, of course; if not a little arrogant at times, but he always means well, and is the most honest person I've ever met"
"I just got back from a tour of Afghanistan" Bucky says, serious, not smiling at all, "Just wanted to say hi"
The man was knocked backwards off his feet, and the blonde reached the van alone, closing it behind him as Clint pressed his foot to the break and with that they hightailed it out of there.
Tony can tell Steve is upset at the man's departure, and opens his mouth to say something.
"Hey losers" He said, though it came out more like a wheeze.
"He's talking about the espresso machine Steve used to give Mr Thug a 3 year concussion" Clint grinned from his place on top of the fridge.
Natasha frowned tensely, "You know as well as I do the less time we spend here the better" She reminds him, but she doesn't wait for him to come around, and instead begins making her way upstairs.
Without needing to be told, Steve comes over dutifully and unzips his backpack so Tony can place his treasure inside.
"Because, we're gonna have to use both backpacks"
"And it's attached to a transmitter, which I'm guessing alerts someone higher up that we're here" Tony says, and grins, "Brilliant"
"I caught word that you lived round here; didn't think you'd get rid of me
In the bedroom, the covers Natasha saw on the bed- so tastefully silky, and a lovely mauve- were so pretty, she was almost tempted to snag them and bring them over to their apartment to sleep with, but she knew they'd look entirely out of place in their living room, where the lighting was jaundiced and with all the furniture was mismatched and  covered in all sorts of random tech scraps.
"After you, m'lady" He gestures towards the door, and they walk inside without looking behind them.
The upstairs is just as normal, if not expensive looking, as the downstairs, with smooth wooden floorboards, and bright ornate lamps.
("I could build you all something better, but I don't have the tools nor the resources! You wouldn't give Van Gogh a crayon and expect him to paint a masterpiece, stop doubting my genius and live with what you've got!")
"That's ...3.50- maybe if I went back and changed-no.." he continued to grumble under his breath.
"They're always so paranoid" He says gesturing to them playfully, and Natasha gives him a look as if it say,
Natasha was satisfied to see that the man had blood dripping down his nose, and was cradling his arm, but she could see that Thor had a slight limp, which was making it easier for the other man to keep up.
Bucky steps forward towards Tony. He doesn't offer his hand to shake.
She motions towards the overturned floorboard, and bends over to pick up a large, wrapped up, pound of cocaine.
He spins a pair of keys around his pointer finger, whistling a cheerful tune. Nat yawns tiredly behind him with a false casualness and an almost comic contrast to his act.
Bucky looked shock for a moment, and turned to look at Steve with a small amount of incredulity.
She smiled at him knowingly, and gave him a little joking bow, "Nice to meet you Steve" she said, "I'm Peggy"
Bucky looks at him for a bit, before reaching over and grabbing one of the bag handles.
"Do you know where the others are?" He asks
"Hey, Buck, I told you I didn't mind" Steve smiled, though it was sad, "You were going through stuff too, and you can't just put your life on hold. Besides, I had Clint and Nat"
All four land with solid footing, and begin to leg it down the narrow passage. Faintly they could hear larger, heavier footsteps lurking behind them, but none turned to look.
"I noticed all the lights turned on automatically when you walk into the room" Natasha said with realisation, "That must've been to make sure this got triggered if someone were to get into the stash, like we are now"
"So, are you going to invite Curt Connors inside?"
And, yes, so it seemed, there was one of the thugs that had come to the house following closely behind Thor.
"But, you were drafted! You had a minimum
"Oh sure, if you call
It's Steven's turn to bump Bucky back, and they turn a corner together.
"But he has a
"Bingo!" He exclaimed, holding up a hairdryer and looking to fit the part of a mad scientist completely, "What a gorgeous little lady!"
Just there, sitting on someone's garden wall, was James Buchanan Barnes with the same charming grin he's always had. His eyes were a little duller, hair a
They're not far from the apartment now, but Steve wasn't paying all that much attention, drunk on how easy it was to fall back into conversation with Buck.
"If you
She is frozen and assesses the room with a revised level of scrutiny, looking for and finding things he can't even begin to understand. Finally, she nods, and he smiles cheekily, excitedly.
"How about you, slick? You live alone?"
"If anyone would've gotten stabbed when that man attacked us, it would've been
had always been charming to anyone he met. What had changed that he was so quick to shut new people out?
"He's too close to the thug chasing him" Clint said worriedly, "When he gets here, we're gonna have to fight the guy off"
"Boys" She calls back, "I think I've found something"
"The kitchen!
He thinks better of it though, and instead turns back around to bring the groceries upstairs and into the apartment.
Bucky nods.
"What impressive aim you have there" laughed Thor heartily, as Bruce back at the apartment prodded at his leg carefully.
"Window" Natasha hisses, and they bolt, only to find it locked. Steve charges forwards after going backwards a few feet, and jumps up to kick his boot through the glass. It shatters easily, and Natasha glides out, first because she need not shoulder on a backpack.
"Come on Steve, it doesn't even take up that much space! And I'm already carrying the internet router
"Split up" Steve yelled, as they saw two large thugs at the mouth of the alley in front of them, both holding knives and with mean looks on their faces.
"Buck..."
"Don't look a gift horse in the mouth, Steve; you're jinxing our good fortune" Tony gets down on his knees next to Nat, and picks up 2 more bags, weighing them in his hands. He looks back up and grins at her with blinding teeth.
The back door of the van slams shut, and Tony, along with Natasha, makes his way idly through towards the door with a practised ease.
Outside, Steve quickly adjusts his grip on the bag handles before beginning to trudge his way back to the apartment.
"Ahh yes!" Thor roars with his chest, "Our glorious conquest has grown triumphant"
"Let's hope this one goes easy" She mutters as she moves to put them into the lock.
"Wh- What are you
Natasha nudges his foot, warning him to hurry up so they don't look suspicious. He hums at her in response, and to anyone else it might've looked as though he hadn't heard and was being dismissive, but she knows him and all his quirks and relaxes, satisfied that he'd heard.
"Just wait 'till he gets into the kitchen" The blonde says playfully
Just as she said that, they heard terribly laboured breath coming from the opposite side of the apartment's side road. They turned to see Tony, who was struggling a little with all the cardio.
he's wicked smart."
After that, they delivered the backpacks to Fury, who was very glad with the find, claiming that he had only expected no more than 3 bricks to be stashed in the house that day. True to his word, he payed them a healthy amount for their work, but the money was sure not to last for very long, they knew, and they would soon be back asking for more errands.
Tony gives a delighted smile, "Ahh, I see my reputation precedes me" He gives a little bow.
"Yup; I hope it stays like this, I'd really love to get an early tan before the Spring" She replies airily.
"Yeah, yeah; sorry, just grazed my ankle the other day" This much was true; Steve had scraped it against the side of the wall he'd climbed last week trying to get away from those thugs.
Natasha goes first to test the footing, since she is least likely to fall, and they go round so that they can escape through to an alleyway.
"You all need to be more careful" Bruce said softly, looking up at them with an earnest and worried look, "Someone could've gotten seriously hurt"
Where Bucky had been a normal weight to begin with before he beefed up, Steve had been downright
Here they were safe, she sighed.
"I'm just saying, if Tony's tech was a bit more improved, I probably would've noticed them on the monitors quicker!"
"Oh, how awful; how did you do that?" She was really pretty, and Steve found himself blushing furiously despite himself.
us to go be a good Samaritan" Steve lets his joking tone betray that he's not serious.
"He's my oldest friend; we shared a childhood"
"Ahh, it seems friend Tony has found a house most worthy of his excitement" Thor said warmly, watching as Tony grinned madly and distractedly, looking through drawers with a childish excitement.
He was always so quick to be the bad guy first; almost never not cold to someone he just met,
"Hey, I'm heading over to the apartment complex just south of Geister Street, can you send the others over? Over." She says over her radio, almost there already as she spoke.
"No, Tony; you know the rules. One backpack is for what we loot, the other is for the job"
Tony looks up with a look as though he'd just had an epiphany.
"Yeah? Tell me about them"
exceptions"
"Come on" She said, as Clint parked himself just in front of the apartment complex. All three of them climbed down, with varying levels of ease, and run into the van, whose doors were open and waiting for them to come piling in.
nothing bad" Tony chimed in grumpily; he was sitting on their green armchair -the one that had a rip down the side that had made the price go down by half (Natasha had been the one to put the rip there when the clerk wasn't looking)- and was tinkering grumpily with a CD player they had looted a few months ago.
Luckily, he seemed to have lost anyone who might've been following him, and hoists himself up easily to her.
"Yeah, I know" Steve laughed, "A bit sheltered; you should've seen him the first time he rode on a public bus, he went crazy"
Bucky doesn't say anything about the cripple joke though, and looks almost unbothered.
"I got discharged from medical; honourably, but... you can't exactly have a cripple in the army"
"Welcome, Avengers" Came the friendly disembodied voice of J.A.R.V.I.S, "Might I interest any of you in some music?"
"Yeah, one more; it's this guy, Tony" Steve offered Buck a wry grin, "He's a bit much sometimes; never really knows how to turn himself off, but he'll calm down if you have a headache. He's also a tested and proven genius, according to him."
There's a distrustful set to Bucky's shoulders, one that Steve knew Tony would notice. The boy never did know when to back down from a challenge though, and Steve knew that it was a matter of time before Tony said something cutting and ruined any chance of the two being friends.
"An LDR?" Steve said, frowning.
He looks at her with wide eyes for a few more seconds, before rolling his eyes with an enthusiasm only an ex-rich boy could conjure.
Tony said incredulously
"If you two are done squabbling" Natasha deadpans, "Take a look at this"
"Odd that they kept so much of it in one place" Steve frowned, "Especially somewhere so unguarded"
scored us a coffee machine! It's a state of the art beauty! She even has cup holders, Nat!
Bucky was walking with a slight limp, and looking down Steve could see that his knuckles were bruised, as though he'd been punching someone. He frowns down at it, but says nothing.
"Guess not"
He wishes he was more like Thor, Clint and Tony, who had never been shy when introducing themselves to new dames they thought were good looking. It was both impressive and embarrassing to watch them display themselves like peacocks to any willing viewer. Bruce and Natasha, at least, had tact. Well. Not so much Bruce.
She tilts it and applies pressure; the floorboard pops up and Natasha looks under, only to grin softly in triumph.
like this, now stop your yapping and help me look for the coffee machine"
"And I would've been better for it,
It's annoying that he couldn't bring the van, but Natasha and Bruce were using it to move some product for Fury downtown.
The blue woman sneers at him, a wild rage in her eyes. “My business is none of yours.” She shouts at him, flicking her hand.
Tony was quick to get on his feet, standing firmly between Steve and the angry man. He was shorter than Rumlow by a good few inches, and smaller in size, but he radiated a powerful energy that screamed
Pepper eyed Tony curiously, dark charcoal lined eyes narrowing on him, making him feel like he was under some sort of interrogatory spotlight.
“Steven, hi, my name is Pepper. How are you today?” She asked, very friendly as she held out her hand. He shook it, still a little dumbstruck by the whole situation.
, and very
“That’s a wrap, everyone take five.” The director calls, giving them a thumbs up to say that the footage was good.
want him.
Tony's in his chair, back slightly turned so he doesn’t notice Steve right away.
He reached into the envelope and pulled out a stack of thick paper. They were photos, which wasn't surprising,  but the person in the photos wasn't what he was expecting to see at all. They were pictures of Steve.
Before Bucky could get another word out Steve burst in, holding his hand defensively between his friend and the front desk.
Except not really because he had absentee parents who had never actually parented him.
The sight of Steve licking his own cum was the last thing he could handle as Tony found himself coming just a few seconds later, the fingers on his other hand digging into the meat of his thigh as he bit his bottom lip to keep quiet.
“They serve drinks here? Or is that too rich for your blood too.” He muttered, folding the menu to look through the list of beverages.
The woman's lavender eyes narrow at them. “I am Hala the Accuser, commanding general of the Kree Empire. You will bring me the one they call Tony Stark.”
The young girl wished them a good day before returning to her post and Steve tried not to notice how her tiny skirt just barely covered her behind.
“What do you think I’ve been trying to do all these months?” Steve rebutted, his tone a mix of frustration, teetering on the edge of desperation.
Tony let out an unenthusiastic huff, arms crossed over his chest as he tipped his head back in the chair he was sitting in. “Yeah, sorry Brucie-bear. I’m a genius robotics engineer, not a biologist so I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He muttered, feeling the tendrils of impending boredom start to take over his mind.
Thank you genetically enhanced speed and endurance.
“Maybe I will have a drink.” He decides.
head on in hand to hand combat. He didn’t even have a butter knife to defend himself.
Tony takes another swig of coffee before cutting the silence. “You didn’t really come all this way just to suck my dick, right?”
“I could go for Thai.” Bruce offered.
“Uh, just reading emails.” He said quickly, shutting the laptop and set it aside as Bucky walks by him.
“Yup. Bruce and I were just about to go grab some coff—“
“Then why the change of heart? You two got along like baking soda and vinegar, what made you change your mind about him?”
Tony sort of figured that was the case.
He doesn’t acknowledge with an answer and instead steps forward, hands already going to work on Tony’s belt, unbuckling the metal and tugging the leather tongue out of the loop.
“Don't give me any of that bullshit, I know he works here.”
Tony caves, huffing dramatically. “Ugh, god damn it. Fine! I’m coming in.” He hung up the phone and flopped back with a heavy sigh, pushing his hand through his hair.
Steve folded the paper into his wallet and tucked it into his back pocket, double checking that his pants were zipped up before he left the office.
“Charity Barbeque for the church I used to go to when I lived in Brooklyn. I got put in charge of dessert.” Steve didn’t look up from his task, pouring the contents of the mixing bowl into a paper lined foil tray and spread it out into an even layer.
Steve cut him off by leaning over the gap between their seats, planting his hand on the back of Tony’s neck to draw him in for a kiss.
“You’re late.” Steve said, his tone dry but not offended, like he already knew Tony wouldn’t bother to show up on time.
After a brief hint of tongue Steve pulled away, much to the genius’ disappointment. Tony would protest if his brain could reboot fast enough to handle a thought, let alone an entire string of coherent words.
Steve doesn’t even flinch at the woman's words, holding his ground. “Well I’m afraid he’s not available right now so you should get back in you ship and leave.”
Thankfully, Steve must have been aware of Tony’s unfathomable public image, and seemingly made an effort to dress like someone from this century.
Steve studies him from his side of the bed, propped up on his elbow and feeling a bit awkward after witnessing the losing battle of that argument.
“So not just waiting for marriage?” Tony teased with a quirk of his brow, which stole a smile from his companion.
“Hey, Steve. It’s me.”
“So sensitive.” Tony cooed, and Steve could feel his lips quirking up into a smile against his skin.
Steve barely had a chance to nod before the doors closed and the elevator shot him up to the top floor. He used the few seconds of solitude he had to calm himself down, taking in steadying breaths.
Tony’s about to reach for the lube on his bedside table when his phone goes off again.
“See? Look at that. Told you the kid had it in him.” Tony said rather smugly, patting the director on the shoulder.
“No cameras.” Tony growled, and without warning he thrust and twisted his hips, catching Steve off guard enough to flip him over onto his back. “Tonight, you’re all mine.”
I know its been over a year since the last update. I hear you. I gotchu.
Steve let out a laugh and rolled his eyes. “No, nothing like that. I’m doing…” He paused, racking his brain for an alibi. “Stock photos.”
The look in his eyes and the stiffness prodding at his thigh definitely say otherwise.
“I don’t know, maybe?”
“I like spending time with you Tony.” Steve says, sincerely, and Tony feels like the arc reactor might explode in his chest.
He was a terrible liar, but this wasn’t
“Pepper, I’m
This wasn’t the first time he’s stood at the feet of a delusional, power crazed dictator who wanted to use his brain as a weapon. Even knowing how it turned out the last time, the answer was simple.
Tony thought on the proposition for a moment and then let out a huff. “Yeah, alright fine. Clean slate.”
Tony was ready to argue, but Pepper just gave him a look and that shut him right up.
“Oh.” Tony muttered, sounding as disheartened as Steve felt.
“Would you be able to get hard taking orders from Mr. Eye patch over there?” Steve rebutted.
Steve pushes Tony out of the way, blocking the javelin with his forearm just under the blade.
That everything that had happened between them over the past months meant something, but all that left his mouth was devastated silence.
Steve walked with him back up to the communal floor, hovering at his side like a golden retriever. Steve was a lot of things that Tony didn’t necessarily approve of, but he couldn’t deny that he was a loyal. Always there for his injured teammates.
