“If I get anymore lip, you’ll have a red bottom to complement that lovely thermometer,” John warned, and Sherlock’s head flopped back down on the bed in defeat. John rocked the thermometer in and out a few more times, angling for Sherlock's prostate and adoring the younger man's frustrated wriggling until the thermometer beeped again and John quickly removed it.
John got up from his chair with a wince, his back protesting the movement. He was not as young as he once was, and so much had happened since he moved into Baker Street all those years ago, with his psychosomatic limp and his dwindling energy for life.
Cupping her breasts, Sherlock noted that they seemed sensitive to her touch and her face felt positively flushed. Perhaps it was the bath.
“You’ve saved me too John, I owe you so much,” Sherlock promised, feeling somehow more exposed and glad for it, leaning forward to suck on a sensitive spot on John’s neck, just below his ear, and heard a choked off groan.
“Come with me” John stood up, gesturing for Sherlock to follow, and up they went, up the spiral staircase to John’s destroyed chambers and to the balcony and the rose. Sherlock noticed the chambers were much the same, if a bit cleaner, and his eyes were caught again by the shredded picture of the man, wishing to know what happened to John to make him turn into a beast. And what was the significance of the glowing rose?
“We have dinner together every night,” he reminded the beast, and John frowned, thinking of a clearer way to state his intentions.
“J-John?” Sherlock called out hesitantly, wandering forward slowly and increasingly aware of his naked form as a breeze rustled by, his self-consciousness growing despite the warming heat from the sun.
“And in regards to me being a woman, well,” John smiled, “I’m sure you know something about the difficulty of succeeding in a man’s world. That said, I can and will protect you above my own life if it comes to it, your highness. I am more than up to the task.” With this, John knelt down on one knee and placed her fist over her heart to pledge fealty to Sherlock.
Sherlock's body racked with another wave of pleasure and he came uncontrollably, his body flustered from embarrassment and arousal, dripping cum along his chest as John watched, deeply amused at Sherlock’s predicable reaction to his words.
“There, are we feeling better now?” John asked in a low rumble, and Sherlock nodded, tilting his face to hide in John’s oatmeal jumper covered chest. John chuckled and kissed the top of his head, “I love you Sherlock, and there will never be anyone else. This is where we belong, the two of us here at Baker Street.”
John was pushing lightly against the tender muscle, until the small hole finally gave way and he was able to push the bristly cloth slightly inside, reveling in Sherlock's pleasured gasp "
John watched as Sherlock’s enduring orgasm finally subsided, and decided to give him a moment to catch his breath and recoup, walking to get a washcloth and depositing the anal beads in the sink of the bathroom to be washed, trying to ignore his aching prick.
As the two men entered the dining room, hand in hand and smiling at one another, they looked up at a childlike cry.
John replied by pulling out almost completely and pushing slowly back in, making sure to graze Sherlock’s sweet spot the entire time and reveling in his moans and attempts to squirm away.
Sherlock threw himself on his freshly made bed with a decidedly unmanly squeal of excitement: Tonight he had a date with John. His first ever.
John thrust up once, quickly, in punishment, and Sherlock’s thighs were positively shaking from overstimulation, his entire body glistening with sweat, and John’s smirked at the sight of Sherlock being claimed as
Before Sherlock could panic any further, John reentered the room, carrying- wait, was that a book of poetry?
John drizzled the lubricant over his wide, calloused fingers, and glanced up to see Sherlock watching him with hunger in his eyes, as well as a flickering of fear.
When he penetrated him. Laid him bare. Exposed him for what he truly was, at him most vulnerable. A man in love. And now, Sherlock would give that to John.
, Sherlock’s unhelpful mind supplied, and Sherlock was struck by an image of Captain Watson bossing him around, pushing Sherlock to his knees and unzipping his trousers, pulling Sherlock’s open and willing mouth forward….
John and Sherlock stood dressed in their finery, John is his military dress with his badges of honor shining on his jacket and Sherlock with his curls slightly tamed for the occasion, his riding boots shining. Around them, their few family and friends were sitting in chairs and watching with smiles abounding as the two men made their promises to one another, their vows.
John turned around first, and seeing the tenseness is Sherlock’s back, crawled over to him and began pressing kisses on the side of his neck.
But Sherlock and Mycroft both knew that, if the situation had been even slightly different, they would be completely alone.
“Do I look like a man to you?” John asked bitterly, gesturing to his monstrous form, but Sherlock only grinned slightly and pointed to his eyes.
Sherlock’s father peered at him, assessing for a moment. Finally he said, “I want to hear the whole story,” picking up Sherlock’s pack and leading him back inside the house with an arm around his shoulders.
After a moment, Sherlock's tired body went completely pliant, allowing John to situate his body so he was lying between John’s legs, his head buried in John’s chest as tears soaked through John's work button down. Sherlock distantly wished John was wearing one of his ugly, soft jumpers, but relished the feeling of John’s strong chest, John’s warmth,
With a startling realization, Sherlock’s eyes widened. He knew what John needed, his vulnerability and need to be taken care of clear in the tentativeness of his usual dominating personality.
Sherlock squirmed on John’s cock, his eager arse trying to clench and swallow more of the impressive length down, but John held his hips fast, allowing only about half of his cock to be sheathed in that tight, wet warmth that caught his blood on fire.
“You’re alright, John,” Lestrade consoled where he sat propped up nearby, sharpening his sword in the dim firelight where he sat on watch. His eyes looked sadly at John, and she realized she had most likely been calling out in her sleep as well.
“I wondered if you might join me for breakfast,” John asked evenly, watching Sherlock for signs of reluctance, but the young man’s face lit up.
- the panties acting as a tease, just hiding the furled entrance just behind the scrap of silk. Settling his body down along Sherlock back, John began to kiss at his nape while the bulge in his pants ground down against Sherlock’s mostly bare arse.
“Come John, Lestrade has a new case for us. The game is on!” The curly haired man cried in excitement, and John watched from his reclined position on the bed as Sherlock scampered around the room like a puppy, throwing on his clothes rapidly until he was completely dressed, only missing his Belstaff.
He gave Sherlock a roguish grin, a 5 o’clock shadow resting upon his cheek as a peered up at the panting detective.
“Lovely,” John whispered, stroking over the rosy cheeks, dipping just inside the crevice and finding Sherlock’s rosebud.
John heard Sherlock's words echo in his head, and he winced, looking out into the forest and wondering where Sherlock would go.
After a moment more, John spoke, “Alright Sherlock, I need to know what you want out of a relationship. Obviously neither of us will change in our day to day lives, you will still put body parts unmarked in the fridge and I will still put up a fuss about it-“ John said, and Sherlock huffed out a small chuckle at that, “-but if you want intimacy, romantic or otherwise, then we need to talk about what we want out of a relationship. So tell me, Sherlock, what do you want from me?”
In another part of the castle, John watched on his magic mirror as Sherlock claimed that he "didn't want anything to do with him." John's eyes tightened at that, and he watched Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade comfort the young man who was facing a life of imprisonment.
“Can you blame me, love? Your arse is endlessly lovely, I could worship it for hours, “ John drawled, pulling Sherlock back into the curve of his arms and holding the lean man tightly, trailing a calloused hand down to grasp lightly at Sherlock’s arse (that, for once, was not stained pink or red) and gave it a small slap, ignoring Sherlock’s indignant “humph.”
how to sooth the itch," said John, and Sherlock could hear the teasing mirth in his voice, his expression wrinkling in confusion. What could John mean by that?
smiling at Sherlock’s renewed writhing to escape, causing his arse to appear even more inviting to the disciplinary doctor.
They both chuckled at the awkwardness of the situation, both relaxing at the realization that they were not alone. The beast looked very fine, Sherlock noted, with his long, usually unruly hair tied back in a deep blue ribbon, complementing his eyes and the deep blue of the jacket he wore. His pants were new and in no way ripped, and his undershirt had ruffles with a low-V that made his chest appear even wider.
His posture, his uniform, the air around him screaming danger and complete control… And then he smirked, and Sherlock’s legs began to tremble.
John grinned at the kind young man sitting across from him, “thank you, Michael, but I am quite happy here. I work as a GP now and occasionally help New Scotland Yard solve cases with my flatmate.”
Siger simply shook his head with smile tugging at the corners of his mouth as he watched Sherlock run back into the house with his stormy eyes gleaming and long curls bouncing in the winter wind.
Sherlock’s arousal was pulsing, and he tried to rub against the mattress beneath him to relieve the ache reaching from his tongue plundered arse to his cock, but John held him still.
Sherlock breathed in John’s scent: gun-powder, musk and jam, so contradictory an yet, so John, and Sherlock felt his arousal fully hardening once again.
The beast opened the doors and, glancing back to make sure Sherlock’s eyes were still closed, grabbed his hands once more and led him in.
“John” Sherlock braved his name, and the beast turned his head in shock, “you and I, in this moment, we are allowed to just be human”
Once she neared the throne, she observed the presence of a stranger. A female stranger, dressed as a solider with armor, riding pants and boots on her full figure. Hmm. Odd.
"No! John, not quite. Well perhaps a bit. You are my partner." Sherlock began the flush as he quickly rambled, "I mean, I too have feelings of a romantic nature towards you, despite my intellectual realization that such sentiments are a chemical defect, I discover with you John that they are” Sherlock took a gulping breath, “not entirely unwelcome.”
John’s eyes are wild and he just nods and jumps to his feet, pushing Sherlock over to the all and turning him. Sherlock knows it will burn especially since they don’t have anything like lube but John surprises him by pulling out a tube of Vaseline from his pants pocket. “For dry lips” he explains, and Sherlock moans as he squeezes out a generous glop and rubs it over his fingers. John puts two fingers into Sherlock’s ass at once and Sherlock gasps and spreads his legs wider. “God yes,” he moans and John starts pumping nice and fast. He hears a zipper coming down and pictures John pulling his dick out.
After he cums John lies back in the chair his whole body sags like he’s got no energy left at all. “Best fucking stag party ever,” he slurs and Sherlock can’t wait, he opens his pants and kneels up on the chair. “Suck me John please,” he begs holding his dick in front of John’s mouth.
Sherlock gives him that “don’t be stupid’ look but John’s brain isn’t functioning at 100% at the moment so he can’t think of who it could be. Then Sherlock wraps his legs around shoulders and the ability to think is entirely gone. John starts to move and his dick is red and leaking from the tip already. John reaches down and wraps his hand around it, pumping in time to his thrusts. He can feel the hard glands that will form Sherlock’s knot when he fucks him again; they’ll swell up and lock them together again and that thought nearly makes him cum as he relives the past few days. “Fuck me harder John,” Sherlock orders and John obeys like a good Omega. Sherlock praises him for that and pulls him down for a hot, demanding kiss that’s all teeth and tongue as he writhes beneath John’s body. Even though they’ve switched positions for the moment John is still in heat and can feel the sweat pouring off his body as his temperature skyrockets. “Fuck,” he swears, “I need your knot Sherlock, please.”
He doesn’t say anything when Sherlock does the same and he doesn’t look at him, just rinses his hands off in the pool before telling Sherlock, in a rough voice, to call Lestrade and get the fucking bomb vest taken care of.
Sherlock will though; he'll give it to him damn good but first he has to suck him off. He takes him deeper, licking hard with his tongue and scraping his teeth over the hood when he moves his mouth back. John is panting hard now and his dick is so thick and delicious Sherlock wants to just take him all the way in to his throat, but if he does it will be over and he's going to make this last. He doesn't want this to be quick and dirty. Well dirty yes but not quick. So he settled into a steady rhythm not fast enough to make John cum yet but a little harder each time. He puts one hand underneath john's balls and cups them, rubbing his fingers over the heavy sac, and John moans again and gasps out Sherlock's name and says "Oh fuck yes". Then Sherlock goes to work for real, making sure to get every gorgeous inch of Johns heavy dick slick with saliva and working it with his hand at the same time. Johns hand is still in his hair and he's staring down at where Sherlock's mouth is on his dick, watching it move in and out of Sherlock's mouth and his panting is getting faster. he tugs hard at Sherlock's hair and Sherlock moans deep in his throat. John moans right back at him. His hips are twitching and Sherlock knows he wants to fuck into his mouth so he decides to let him. He takes john's dick deep, deep inside, and John started to swear and really buck his hips. "Oh fuck yes that's brilliant keep doing that," he says, well moans actually. He keeps swearing and tells Sherlock how fucking amazing he is, and Sherlock, whose been hard this whole time, feels like he might cum just from hearing John say those things. He wanted to hear those things for so long now, to hear John tell him during sex how good he is and now his dream is coming true.
Then Shezza puts his mouth back on John’s dick and sucks it deep into his throat and John’s eyes snap shut and he can feel the tingling in his balls that means he’s about to cum. “Fuck” he gasps digging his fingers into Shezza’s curls and twisting hard. His hips buck and Shezza’s mouth works him harder and suddenly the kid pulls his mouth away. John’s cum squirts all over his face on his lips and cheeks and the kid is grinning like he just won a prize.
“Yes, um, Miss Hooper” John said eagerly. He wasn’t used to any of this BDSM shit but if Sherlock liked it he guessed he could try it. And it was fun to pretend that Molly was such a tough little cunt. She must love being able to boss Sherlock around like she was. And since she’s moaning and crooning and telling him what a good boy he is John guesses Sherlock is good at eating pussy. He walked up to them, eyes glued on Sherlock’s head as he buried his tongue deep inside Molly’s juicy cunt. John wanted to taste her so bad But Molly had different ideas. “Come here John,” she ordered and he stood next to her.
"Fuck yes," John gasps and Sherlock pulls him closer, curling his fingers around John's hips and opening his mouth wide before pulling the head of John's dick into his mouth.
When he sees Sherlock in that crack house he knows this is his chance. He pretends to be all outraged about the drugs and he kind of is but if he wants to fuck Sherlock this is probably the only way he’ll get him. He makes sure to “accidentally” rub a hand over Sherlock's crotch when he shoves him into the backseat of the car and secretly grins when he feels the way Sherlock’s dick starts to harden and hears his small gasp of breath. But he just gets in the car while Mary drives them to St. Barts. When they get there he watches Molly slap the crap out of Sherlock. He deserves it for going back on drugs even if its for a case like he says. Watching her slap him makes John hard. Mary would never do anything that violent during sex, she just likes it plain and most of the time that’s fine but now John is wondering what Molly is like in bed too.
"Your girls seem quite keen on the idea too." Viktor chuckled just as John returned with the blankets and put them down on the sofa. "Thank you, John" Viktor said and used the oldest one to make a bed for Scout. "We're to busy to do what?" John asked after sitting back down again.
"Hm, well that's not much better." Mrs. Hudson said and began making some tea now that she was already in the kitchen. "And how's your John?"
"I can read too..." Rosie lied and chewed on her lip, she didn't like to lie, but she felt a little embarrassed that she couldn't read. Every time she had asked Rachel or Greg they had told her that she would learn it soon enough when she'd go to school. When Rosie was growing uncharacteristically quiet - at least it was uncharacteristically around John and him, Sherlock frowned a bit, noticing something was bothering her, "Rosie, you know what, we could quickly go up to your room and get two of the bees we made and give them to Amy and Ally." he said and Rosie frowned, but then nodded, "Okay." she said and Sherlock looked at John, "Can you take them all to the beehive? We'll be there in a moment, okay?" he asked, wanting to talk to Rosie alone for a moment.
"Hm, hope there's enough space for you in coffin." Sherlock said and bit his lip to stop himself from grinning and spoil his joke.
"Yeah, I guess I'm still in denial about that." John said and huffed a laugh, before taking Sherlock's hand to walk outside. "It looked cosy on the picture." Charlie commented with a smile.
"That's really clever!" Rosie said and pointed her flash light at the lock so Charlie could see it better. "And what do we say when they ask why we're in Mrs Hope's office?" she asked curiously.
Viktor stroked Scout's back once he'd settled and laid out a blanket for himself on the sofa after John had stood up to lie in an armchair. It was surprisingly comfortable, even though he would've preferred to stay awake next to Sherlock, it would've probably been a bit suspicious neither of them needed a lot of sleep.
"That's sweet of her." Greg said with a smile, though he really thought it was a good idea for John and Sherlock to have full custody of them; especially because technically they could still be adopted by literally anyone who walked in here and who Dorothy deemed suited. "I'm sure I could put in a good word for you two and make sure some of our colleagues don't get the chance to in the meantime." He offered, though Mycroft jumped in there. "Oh, that's not necessary." Mycroft replied smoothly. "I can get you custody for them by the end of the week; my work brings about some advantages." He said and Greg looked quite surprised. "This week is over in less than two days. What exactly is it that you do again?" He asked and Mycroft smirked slightly "I employ a minor position in the British government."
"Can't you.. take her somewhere? I mean.. as her kind of grandmother you do have a valid reason to be interested in getting to know her. Maybe you could take her to the cottage... I do know she's a fan of Jane, so she'd probably be thrilled to go through your old wardrobe. Maybe have a bit of a fashion show.. you don't even have to talk to her about the situation.. just.. see how she acts. If you start to think it affects her too much, I'll keep her completely out of the case." Sherlock said and shrugged, "I just don't want this to scar her too badly."
"And David." Sherlock added and chuckled a little, "Honestly, please tell him, I mean he knows you're considering it anyway and if you don't tell him, I really doubt that'd be any good for his and my relationship to each other." he said and shrugged, "After all he told me that he appreciates my honesty.. You could tell them on your fishing trip, actually."
John watched the two of them with raised eyebrows, as he slowly understood what was going on. So Vanessa was a vampire which was why she'd changed her name from Violet over time... Jesus. He cleared his throat and momentarily forgot about everything else. "So you're Violet, I take it?"
Charlie blushed crimson and nodded. "Mmh, thanks." She replied quietly, avoiding to look at him. He already knew something was up, didn't he?
Sherlock hummed into the kiss, blindly setting his glass down on the counter and moving his arms loosely around John's neck, thinking for a moment after they broke the kiss, "We could.. you know.. tell them.. at some point." he mumbled and cleared his throat, "About.. me, I mean.. if you decide to become like me.. we could let them know and give them that option as well.." he said and shrugged, "I don't really see the problem with that, just that I lost my family doesn't mean you have to."
John shook his head at that. "I know what you meant and it's no problem at all. I'm the last person that doesn't want you to drink after hours of nothing. Just make sure you don't spill it on my food." He said, following Sherlock into the house. It was a little unnerving to be frank, but he'd have to get used to it eventually; and keeping Sherlock from drinking around him wasn't exactly a long term option.
"Hello Scout, very nice to meet you." John chuckled as Scout had gone from sniffing his hand to holding his forehead against John's open palm so he would start stroking his head already. Obviously John picked up on this and was quick to oblige. "Am I doing it right?" He asked their little dog whisperer with a smile.
"Not this!" Amy pointed out and Ally nodded again, "Yeah it's someone else's home!" she explained and chuckled, "Is it your girlfriend's? Aunt Beth said you had a girlfriend!" she babbled and Amy snickered too.
"Oh! Speaking of learning to read," Sherlock said and lifted the coat he was still holding, reaching into it's inside pocket and getting out a small notebook along with a pencil that had with a wobbling bee on top, a yellow sharper and a bee shaped eraser and a yellow ruler, all held together with a ribbon, holding it out for Rosie to take. "I figured you'd need proper equipment for your lessons." he said and chuckled as Rosie gaped, reaching out to take the package and inspecting it.
"Now that's impressive." Charlie said, looking in fact very impressed. In her mind Sherlock was already ancient, so Mrs. Hudson was completely off her scale. "I'd love to sit down and have a cup of tea with her. She must have a lot of stories to tell." Charlie said with a smile.
Sherlock hummed fondly into the kiss, slipping his hands under John's shirt, caressing his stomach for a short while before he started to unbutton John's shirt.
Charlie grinned to herself when she saw a reluctant smile spread on John's face. "Well, it's a very cute bee. Anyway, I'm back downstairs. Text or call me if you need anything." John told them, before leaving again.
Sherlock smiled at his mum, "Thanks." he said and chuckled, "And again, I can't help noticing how convenient it is to be surrounded by doctors. I mean.. I've got the flu and have two doctors at my service.." he smirked, looking at his mum, "Of which one is trained for physical and psychological problems."
"Oh, yeah, okay you have a point there, although for me that was all included in consent," Sherlock said and sighed, "I mean in the end your consent there is never valid, if it's forced as payment or one of you lied about being healthy."
John smiled back at his brand-new fiancé. "Please, do." He said and gave Sherlock his hand, which felt a little strange if he was being honest. Definitely not in a bad way though.
John dug into the rest of his steak and nodded. 'Yeah that might be a good idea... and at the very least he already respects her. I doubt anything has changed about that."
"And that's only because you're so young." Charlie interrupted her quickly before she could go on any further. "The older you get, the slower your bones and everything heal. And there are some injuries that never heal, like a broken back, so you should really listen to Paps."
Charlie began to chuckle at that, having already seen a picture of his band before. "Yeah; thanks a lot. By the way though, can I ask you something?"
"I told you before we even started that I'm not going to go anywhere while we're doing this." Sherlock said and nipped at his own glass, sighing a little, "You know.. it was pretty awful to see you like that.. pale and losing so much blood.. made me think about how Paul and my mum must have felt when they did the same thing with Amy."
Charlie sobered relatively quickly at the mention of that. "Well, she was disappointed, but she'll come around. I've told her it's like a really long sleepover even over Christmas and New Year's and I think that thought cheered her up. I didn't really know how to properly explain to her your reasons without scaring her, so you might want to sit her down too yourself sometime. But she knows it's for safety and that it's not her fault." Charlie summarised.
"Maybe because I've had some time to think about it this time. Or well, I'm trying not to think too much about it to be more precise." John said with a chuckle, because really, the thought still was unnerving, but that didn't mean he didn't want this.
John let out a sigh and stared at the spot his fiancé had occupied a few moments ago until he remembered he wanted to take a shower. Meanwhile, he still had this dream replaying in his mind. // "Morning!" Charlie chirped, already making some hot chocolate with blood; she felt like this was a good morning to try out weird things.
Amy grinned as she tried to climb onto one of the two smaller cars eats. She frowned slightly when she saw the other one and glanced at the others. Mummy didn't need one anymore and Lock was the most tallest brother ever. "But /Lock/, John is already a big boy!"
Sherlock chuckled, "Ah, same thing actually.. another reason why it's fortunate to study biology and chemistry over and over again." he chuckled, shaking his head.
"But I- I know I held her hand when we walked through that room..." Charlie muttered and before she could say another word, John crouched down in front of her, ignoring Sherlock for the moment, and put a hand on her shoulder. "Hey, as far as we know, she could really be with Mrs. Hudson and eating biscuits. Charlie, neither of us knows what's going on, but don't you blame yourself. If anything happens, that's on Sherlock and me, and we will take care of it, okay?" He wiped a tear off her cheek with his thumb and she gave a little nod. "Yeah, okay." She said and swallowed, before looking back up at Sherlock, expecting he had a plan.
"Well, you can definitely come over again, if you'd like to." John said and poured them all some water (mostly out of habit than anything else). "Even if we can't go to the zoo every time."
A few hours later they're sitting in a cab again on their way back home, a couple of big shopping bags placed around them and next to their feet. John didn't even really know how they'd managed to buy that much. Towards the end he'd just trotted along and helped carry the bags until Sherlock had been pleased with what they'd got. Looking over what they'd bought once more, John couldn't help finding that Sherlock had gone a little overboard on their shopping trip. "So... have fun?"
"Well I generally avoid tickets." Harry said and chuckled a little, "Partly because I really do need my licence and second because I just suck at flirting." he said and laughed at Sherlock's expression at that, "No really, ask Clara, my first attempts of flirting with her could be the script to a disaster movie." she said with a laugh.
John opened the door in a hurry and almost walked into the two people standing in front of it. His heart skipped a beat when he saw Rosie standing unharmed in front of him. Within a second he dropped to his knees to pull her into his arms. "Oh thank /god/" He muttered under his breath and held her close. "Are you alright?"
"I hate this uncertainty too." John said. "But maybe we'll be lucky; we can't keep giving her opportunities over that bug. I want that thing out of our house as soon as possible."
"Alright, well, yes, I am sexually attracted to man, no I haven't been in a relationship with a woman, I have kissed a man, I have had sexual intercourse with a man, my mother did not abandon me, neither did my father, I haven't been sexually abused and last but not least, I do not plan on changing anything." William said and gave a small shrug.
And with that John pulled Sherlock down and ripped the rest of the buttons off Sherlock’s shirt as their mouths tangled together.
He doesn’t know what else to say, this is by far, the strangest day he has ever had; the strangest part being how much he has liked his time with Sherlock.  He had started prostituting because he needed the money and it would be a new adventure every day.  Eventually, it got boring but being with Sherlock sparked his curiosity and his adrenaline.  Sherlock walks quickly to a door at the end of the hall and unlocks it.  John hurries in after him but stops short.  The hotel room is more like an apartment.  They walk into a sitting room and John has to walk around a corner to find the king size, luxurious looking bed.
Sherlock stopped short at that because of course John was right.  He folded his arms and turned to stone.  John felt his whole body slump at the look on Sherlock’s face, “Why are you still here?  I have given you enough money to last all day but all I requested was that you leave.”
Sherlock pushes off the wall and settles next to John, touching his leg like it’s nothing, “I had to go under cover in a massage parlor for a case, picked up a few things.”
John nods and enters quickly, shutting it behind him but then thinking better of it.  He cracks the door open and Sherlock is nowhere to be seen, “Sherlock, did you want to shower with me?”
“Greg Lestrade, I’m the chief, and I’m sorry for the inconvenience but I’ll need to know your credentials before I can let you near the body.  Your name?”
“Of course.  I chose the flat because I want the second room to be a lab of sorts so I needed someone to share an apartment with me and be okay sleeping in the same bed though I doubt I will sleep often.  You said you like violin once…”
Sherlock growls and suddenly John has been picked up and they are walking to the bedroom, “Sherlock!”  John yells though he isn’t upset at all.
Mycroft’s face morphed into disgust, “No, not like that, John, I meant the cases he takes you on and such.”
John stood behind, bracing himself against the back of it, “I’d rather not obey the instructions of someone who just kidnapped me thanks.”
“Sherlock would probably label me his archenemy, he is childish like that, but I am merely a concerned man.  I have brought you here to offer you money in exchange for keeping me updated on his activities.”
And John did.  He slid his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth and bit his lower lip the way he knew Sherlock loved.  Sherlock moaned and his grip tightened in John’s hair, “What have you done to me Watson?  I don’t think I could live without you.  I thought I had lost you before I could even tell you.”
John wiped a hand over his eyes and looked over at Sherlock, “I don’t want to be sleeping with any number of clients when I have someone at home waiting for me.”
Sherlock snorts but stares at John for a moment and John can see him thinking of what John has and hasn’t done.  “You’re late, I have to check out a crime scene, don’t worry, I haven’t even seen the crime scene but I’ve narrowed it down to three possibilities, we won’t be there long.  Then we will go back to the hotel but you already had a cab and I’m not paying you to sit in a room and wait for me.”
The woman typed again and her eyes went wide, “Why yes, of course, I am so sorry for the confusion Mr. Watson, please follow me to the private elevator.”  The woman hurried over to the corner of the large front room and scanned a keycard into an elevator reader.  When it opened, John stepped in and the woman followed, holding the door open.
John rolled his eyes and sat back.  He was taken to an empty ware-house where a man sat with an umbrella over his lap.
The woman typed the name into the computer and looked up skeptically, “I’m sorry sir, are you sure you have the right hotel?”
She presses a button and scans her card again, “The door at the end of the hallway is that of Mycroft Holmes.  Have a nice visit sir.”  She stepped out and the doors closed.
“Do not make a mistake, John, Sherlock does not do love.” He began to walk away and swung his umbrella dismissively at John, “Trust if anyone would know, it would be me.”
John shook his head and ran a hand through his hair, how had they gotten so off track; “Since when do you care about reviews Sherlock?”
John moaned into Sherlock’s neck, “I could barely make it into the elevator, I was so afraid you’d say I was just your prostitute.”
With that John turned and marched towards the car.  He stopped when he heard a chuckle come from behind him, “Oh, my dear, I’m afraid my assistant was right.”
Sherlock fishes out a wad of cash and tosses it to John.  He catches it and stares, “This is enough for all night!”
He pulls the rubber band off slowly and unfolds the cash to count it but when he does something falls out of the middle into his lap.  He sets the money aside and picks up the object.  It is two keys that John holds close to inspect as they both have inscriptions.  The first, the larger key reads 221.  And the second key reads B.
He banged on the door loudly until Sherlock swung it open; ready to yell at whomever it was only to stop short. “John? What happened?”
John set the keys on the table and began to crawl towards Sherlock, “You will be in bed every single night, sleeping or not.”  By the end John’s lips are only inches away from Sherlock’s but he pauses, “but before you really offer this to me Sherlock, you have to know something.”
Sherlock sets him on the bed and begins to unbutton his shirt, “I am going to prove to you that you are not and have never been just my prostitute.”
John looks at Sherlock, skeptical but examines the body as much as he can from a distance.  Eventually he shrugs, “It looks like he jumped off the roof, suicide.”
“I’m in love with you, Sherlock Holmes.”  Sherlock’s eyes snap open, “And if I move in with you it will be as your boyfriend and nothing else.”
John rolls his eyes and closes the door again.  He leans against the door and huffs; it’s been a long day.  The loo was huge with a glass shower and a large tub.  John sighs and turns the water as hot as it goes and starts pulling off his clothes.  He’s about to pull off his pants when the door opens.  John gasps and covers himself as he turns.
“Not yet but Sherlock I’m sitting here in my pants, despite the fact that you have been a complete arse, and have just given back the money you have given me for sex.  What do you think those variables mean?”
He presses on John’s leg a few times and John gasps in pain but when he is finished John can stand and walk fine again.
“So John Watson, does your brother know you’re a prostitute or have you successfully hidden it by always focusing on his alcoholism and his relationship with his wife?”  Sherlock raises an eyebrow as they climb into a cab, “Questions?”
The blond woman smiled kindly at him, “I’m so sorry sir; we have no one under that name registered here.”
“You’re the only client I have left!”  John screeched, hoping maybe this would give the genius a clue.
Sherlock snorts, “Of course not, don’t be ridiculous but I like men John, men, not men who smell and taste like women.”
He raised an eyebrow at her and she smiled, “Your presence has been requested Dr. Watson.”  She looked John up and down and John had the modesty to blush.  Sherlock liked his doctor’s outfit.
Sherlock tilts his head, he’s holding a towel, “You know you’re a prostitute, right John?”  He waits but John doesn’t speak, giving in to rolling his eyes at the man, “and yet you are still modest?  The illusion of innocence disappeared when I called the hotline.”  He throws the towel at John, “I used all the others for an experiment this morning.”
Sherlock watches John for a moment but doesn’t answer and instead busies himself with telling the cab driver the superior way to get to the hotel.  John wonders what he said to make this man ignore him again but decides he doesn’t care. This man is paying him.  Which reminds him—
"Can't wait to fuck you," he pants as he licks John's ear, then bites down on the lobe. "God John I can't wait to put my dick in that sweet tight ass of yours. Please tell me you'll let me, won't you? And you'll fuck me too please. Please John," he's begging and Irene Adler couldn't even get him to do that but she's not John. John is groaning and reaching around to grab Sherlock's ass. "Fuck yes" he moans. "Whatever you want Sherlock." Then he puts his hand over Sherlock's and squeezes and he cums super hard, the white jizz coating their hands and bellies as it squirts out in a hot gush.
He starts to pull out but Sherlock’s thighs tighten on either side of his head. “Not until you come inside me” he insists and John is shaking and sweating but he does what his Alpha demands and starts moving his hips even faster, setting a brutal pace that Sherlock easily matches. “Mmm, that’s it, baby, fuck me harder,” he croons and John snaps his hips faster and faster until suddenly he’s there, falling over the edge, his cum spurting into Sherlock’s ass. As soon as he’s shot his wad Sherlock lowers his legs and pulls himself away. John’s spent dick makes an obscene popping sound as it pulls free of Sherlock’s ass but Sherlock doesn’t care; his gaze is dark and feral and possessive and it makes John shiver with want. “Fuck me,” he begs and Sherlock laughs. “On your knees my sweet little Omega. Daddy’s got just what you want.”
“Fuck me as hard as you like John, I’m not made of glass. I thought you were a soldier, I know you can pound into me harder than this,” Sherlock growls and John slaps his ass for being such a douche. That just makes Sherlock moan and buck his hips backwards so that John’s dick slips fully inside his ass. He bends over Sherlock’s back and bites him on the neck, sucking hard to leave the same sort of mark Sherlock made on him as he pounds into the other man. Sherlock is whining and pleading for John to fuck him harder and soon John is pistoning like a machine, sweat pouring off his body as he does what Sherlock asks.
John swallows again, then suddenly he's kissing Sherlock, forgetting all about Sarah and anything else except how much he wants the other man. He has plans to beat Mycroft within an inch of his life the next time he sees him but he doesn't tell Sherlock that. He probably already deduced it but that's something for later. Right now all he can think about is Sherlock and how much he wants him, how much he loves him even if he hasn't said the words and isn't sure he ever will. "Tell me you'll let me," Sherlock moans as John starts tugging his clothes off.
When they get back to London he’s pretty sure he’s already pregnant, and a lab test performed by Molly Hooper quickly confirms it. She’s up the duff herself, he realizes when he breathes in her scent, and his eyes widen as he realizes its Sherlock’s baby she’s carrying. He should feel betrayed, or maybe guilty at fucking her Alpha, but he realizes she’s Sherlock’s other Omega. She gives him a look that tells him she knows who his baby’s father is too but he doesn’t smell any hostility or jealousy from her and knows she’ll be happy to be just one of Sherlock’s Omegas. She’s always done anything Sherlock wanted her to do so it makes sense, and John is OK with it. He’s happy the other Omega is a woman and not another guy and idly wonders if Molly will let him fuck her when he’s in the mood for pussy – if Sherlock says its OK of course.
Sherlock couldn't go on but John just held him closer. "Did he make you suck his dick?" he asks very quietly, feeling his rage at Sherlock's brother growing with every word. Even if it was when he was high and a teenager it doesn't matter, he still did something terrible to his baby brother. Even when Harriet is super drunk she would never even think of molesting John or anyone else, no matter how nasty her temper gets when she's drinking.
“Mmm yes you are, cum for me now, John,” he says reaching down to cup his balls. His index finger strays back until its pressing against John’s ass hole and he gives a strangled moan and shoots his wad into Sherlock’s eagerly sucking mouth. He swallows it all down and makes contented smacking noises like a baby sucking on a tit and john comes even harder, so hard he almost blacks out.
Shezza stares at him quizzically. “Why would it bother me? Because of this thing we’re dong? Cos that’s just business, you give me what I want and I give you what you want. Mmm, but I get the best part of the deal,” he adds in a low voice as he swaggers over to John and grabs him by the back of the neck lowering his head so that his lips are hovering over John’s. “I get what I need for my fix and I also get a great fuck.” Then he kisses John, sucking his tongue into his mouth lazily and making John’s knees go a bit weak, its so base and carnal and fucking sexy as hell. Shezza ends the kiss and steps back, giving John a wink and a grin as he saunters out the door, pulling it shut behind him.
She reached over and tugged at his hair. Her eyes were almost all black with lust and she was panting, her tongue hanging out of her mouth and John knew what she wanted from him. He slipped an arm around her shoulders and cupped her face with his hand as he kissed her, making sure to slip her the tongue and keeping their mouths open enough that Sherlock could see them.
He quickly realizes Molly’s got other plans to torture him. As soon as he sits in his chair she makes Sherlock sit in his, then bends over and gives John a nice long look at her ass. His fingers twitch a bit and he really wants to grab it and pull her down onto his face but she looks over her shoulder and gives him a stern look, like a teacher he used to fantasize about when he was 13, so he just sits and watches. He hears some obscene sucking noises and touches himself when he realizes she’s sucking Sherlock’s dick. Sherlock’s hands are clenched on the arms of his chair and his legs are moving a little like he’s forcing himself to keep from grabbing Molly and throwing her onto the floor and pounding into her, which is what John really wants to do too, but Molly is calling the shots for now so he just watches, mouth open and panting as he imagines her lips sliding over the slick top of Sherlock’s dick, the precum juicing her lips and tongue.
“John never could keep it in his pants. I didn’t think being married would make a difference” Sherlock smirks, then he leans his head down and licks Molly’s throat and nips at her shoulder. “I think I’d like to have him lick your sweet little pussy while I’m fucking you Molly and I think you’d like that too, wouldn’t you.”
“I’ll come back next week, same time” Shezza says and he winks as he wipes the cum off his face with the bottom of his hoodie. “I’ll even let you fuck me then.”
“I thought you were married to your work,” John shoots back then bites his lip and groans as Sherlock sucks the head of his dick into his mouth.
“She's pissed at you, she won’t come over,” John gasps and Sherlock laughs. “Oh yes she will, all I have to do is call her and she’ll be here.”
Sherlock pouts and says "But I'm ready John. I want this. I know why I told you I was married to my work now even though I really wanted you even that first night." He strokes a hand down John's cheek and John swallows hard at the way it feels. His stomach tightens and his dick reacts even though he tries to will his hardon away. "I know you want me to John, don't lie and say you don't. You know I don't even have to feel this" he puts his hand on John's dick and strokes it through his pajama pants "to know that."
When he gets to Baker street Molly Hooper is already there and he’s excited to see her rather than jealous. When they both have their babies and can go back into heats it might change but for now he knows it’ll work. Sherlock is kneeling down licking at her cunt while she moans and writhes on the sofa, pulling on her tits and teasing the nipples with her nails. John drops his bags on the floor, shuts the door and takes off his clothes. If Sherlock thinks he’s just going to sit around and wait for him to be done with his fellow Omega he’s in for a surprise. But of course he’s not surprised at all when John worms his way behind Molly so that she’s sat on his lap, his dick sticking out from between their joined legs so that Sherlock can pay equal attention to the two of them. However once Sherlock has him slicked up with saliva he tells Molly to kneel up. “Fuck her ass John,” he says with a wicked smile. "I want to feel your dick inside her when I knot her, and Molly’s all stretched out and ready for you.”
“You two can be with each other but no one else but me,” Sherlock growls as John rolls down his sleeve from the blood test. Of course Sherlock must of known what he was thinking, and Molly just nods and looks at him adoringly the way she always does. Then she smiles sweetly at John and he thinks this could just work out. All he has to do is deal with Mary.
“You feel fucking amazing,” John growls. “I can’t believe how fucking good you feel, your ass around my dick. You like it too don’t you, you like being fucked by me, Mr. My-Body-Is-Just-Transport, admit it. Say you like it,” he demands, thrusting in hard and hitting Sherlock’s prostrate again.
Sherlock shocks him by looking him square in the eye and saying, "I guess it started when I started fantasizing about you John. I've been imagining what it would be like to suck your dick, to let you fuck me and I guess it scared me, made the memories come back." Then he smiles and John is amazed to see him blushing. "But now that they're out in the open I think I can finally get past them. And all because of you John Watson. You keep me right." He leans forward and kisses him and John shocks himself by kissing him back. It's not a passionate frenzy or anything, but their tongues are in each others mouths and they're holding each other close, so close John can feel Sherlock's dick getting harder. "This isn't the right time," he gasped as he pulls away. "You just had a kind of breakthrough Sherlock, we shouldn't start anything yet."
“You can write me a prescription for some oxy” Shezza says and John nods, licking his lips. This is so fucking wrong for so many reasons but something about the young junkie just sets his blood on fire. “Alright,” he says. “I’ll write the script before you leave.”
John is dozing but the sound of Sherlock’s mobile playing “She Blinded Me With Science” jolts him awake. He blinks and watches Sherlock as he bounds out of bed, not bothering with anything like clothes or even a sheet, just hurries out of the room butt naked. He hears Sherlock shouting something out the window that sounds like “heres the key” then hears the door being opened. A few seconds later he hears footsteps and the door slams shut and he hears Molly Hooper’s angry voice. “Sherlock Holmes, you know I don’t like it when you get high! Your brain is too valuable for you to waste on drugs!” and then suddenly she stops talking and John’s curiosity is too much for him so he gets up and looks out the bedroom door (but he grabs Sherocks robe and throws it on first).
“Fucking amazing,” Sherlock moans. John watches as he squeezes Molly’s tits then pinches her nipples so she begs him to do it harder.
John’s about to go out of his fucking mind; he can’t stand it any more, he needs to be doing something, touching something - maybe himself and maybe Molly but he stays put until Sherlock says “God Molly your cunt is so hot, so wet and juicy just like it tastes. I’ll bet it tastes even more amazing with my dick inside you.” Then he looks at John and Molly does too and says, “Yeah I’ll bet it does. What do you think, Sherlock, have we punished John enough for being a filthy cheater?”
John feels weak, hot and flushed and ashamed of himself for agreeing with everything Sherlock is saying. But the thought of his body swollen with Sherlock’s baby growing inside him, his milk glands forming and his chest and nipples temporarily becoming breasts is like a drug. He feels high and turns his head desperately so he can plant a sloppy kiss on Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock’s tongue is in his mouth again and his hands are stroking his dick still slippery with cum. Then Sherlock pulls away and lifts his fingers to his mouth sucking greedily at the milky fluid and John has a vision of him sucking at his nipples and getting milk from them and just like that he’s having another ass orgasm, milking more cum out of Sherlock’s dick and tearing a guttural growl from his throat.
He blames Mycroft; his brother should have told him about John and Molly meeting Tom and Mary. He likes Mary, she’s smart and she’s on his side but she wouldn’t be if she knew how he felt about John, and how John probably would have let Sherlock fuck him even if he keeps yelling how he’s not gay. John needs to remember that sometimes people can be bi like Sherlock is and maybe if he thought about it, John would realize he was too.
Sherlock shuddered and turned away but John reached out and wrapped his arms around him again. "You seem like you feel safe with me," he whispers. "I'm your friend Sherlock, please tell me."
He lets John fuck him a few times, using John’s bodily fluids to slick down Sherlock’s ass when john’s aching ass needs some relief from being knotted. Sherlock is tight and slick and his ass feels nothing like a pussy, much smoother and silkier and he loves it although he knows he’ll never stop wanting pussy as well. And not just because he’s still technically married. Sherlock’s right – they belong together and he’s willing to share him with whatever other Omega he has on the side. “Who is it?” he gasps out as he slides his dick deep into Sherlock’s ass. “Whose the other Omega?”
John doesn’t even hesitate, he just takes Sherlock into his mouth and starts sucking. He puts his hands on Sherlock’s ass and squeezes at the same time. One finger slips into Sherlock’s ass hole and he groans and moves a little, but not too hard because he knows John doesn’t do this sort of thing, at least not now. There was someone in the army; Sherlock deduced it but he doesn’t know who and doesn’t care either. John sucked him in deeper and now he put two fingers in Sherlock’s ass, pushing hard until suddenly he hits the sweet spot and Sherlock sees stars. “Fuuck John do that again,” he groans and John does, again and again until suddenly Sherlock’s cumming. Not in his mouth because John pulls him away, but over his hand as he pumps Sherlock through his orgasm.
“Yes and you're married to Mary but here we both are. I guess we’re both cheating tonight,” Sherlock says, then he lowers his head and sucks John’s dick into his mouth rubbing his lube-slicked hand over John’s smooth balls and letting one finger move down to his ass. It slips in easier this time because John is looser and because of the lube. Then he puts a second finger inside and then a third and John moans and grabs Sherlock’s hair again as his mouth bobs on his dick. Sherlock practically swallows it down, letting it into his throat, and John shouts in surprise and lust at the feeling. “I’m gonna cum if you don’t stop,” he gasps and Sherlock kneels up, still slicking his fingers in and out of John’s ass. “But John, I can’t help myself you're so smooth and delicious,” he purrs.
Inside the flat he waits impatiently and when John gets inside he grabs him and snogs him again while the clothes fall to the floor. “My bed's bigger,” he whispers and drags John into his bedroom and throws him on the bed. “Ever been fucked by another man John?” he asks and isn’t surprised when John says no. “Then its about time isn’t it?” Sherlock says and John’s face is red but he nods and opens his legs. Sherlock dives down for another taste, licking up one side and down the other of John’s dick while he presses his fingers against his ass hole, slipping just the tip of one inside. John gasps and bucks his hips and Sherlock gropes with his other hand for the condoms and lube he keeps under his pillow. His body might just be transport but all transport needs regular maintenance and he knows a good wank now and then keeps him from needing more.
After a minute Molly stands back up and tosses her hair over her shoulder. “Put your legs together Sherlock,” she says and he obeys immediately while she caresses his knees and thighs with the riding crop. She turns and straddles him so she’s facing John, whose still fingering his dick in anticipation of the show he’s about to get. Molly frowns and flicks the crop at him, just brushing his fingers. “No touching John, that’s your punishment. You have to just watch and want until I say you can cum, got it?”
John grabs the bodywash and squirts it on the washcloth and starts rubbing on Sherlock's shoulders. He makes a quiet little humming sound to let John know how much he likes it. John stops for a second, then starts back up, but now its like he maybe knows what Sherlock's doing because he's moving the washcloth real slowly up and down his back now. "How does that feel?" he asks and Sherlock tilts his head back and moans a little. "Feels good John," he says and moves his elbow out a bit. John is leaning over him with one hand on the edge of the tub and Sherlock sees his fingers clench when he makes another happy moan. He calculates the exact amount of force he'll need to "accidentally" rub his elbow against John's groin, which is almost close enough. He shifts his body and asks John to go a little lower on the right side. John sighs but leans over more and thats when Sherlock makes his move. He slips his elbow farther off the edge of the tub and lets it rub up against John's dick which immediately starts to get hard, and Sherlock smiles to himself.
And so is Sherlock because he just puts his hand on John’s head and lets him reach up and tear open his pants and tug them down. He groans a bit when John takes his dick in his mouth and starts sucking like crazy, like a starving man at a feast, and Sherlock shuts his eyes and lets himself enjoy the moment even though not too long ago he told John he was married to his work and basically that he wasn’t interested. He was lying of course; he knew the minute he met John that he wanted something like this to happen but he was too stubborn to change his mind from the years of pushing sex into a closet in his Mind Palace. Mycroft thought he was still a virgin but Sherlock wasn’t a virgin since high school and even though he only fucked girls back then, he always knew he liked guys too.
“God yes,” John moans reaching down with one hand to cover Sherlock’s on his dick. He squeezes and Sherlock pumps him in time with his thrusting hips and suddenly John shouts “FUCK!” and arches his back and his cum is squirting out and coating their joined hands. That sets Sherlock off; he shoots his load. He’s never cum so hard and it’s fucking amazing and he just shudders and rests his head on John’s shoulder while his body finishes up, and his mind is a blank haze of pure pleasure.
"I'm here because you had another fucking nightmare Sherlock and I couldn't wake you up. Now what's going on and don't tell me you don't remember. You said 'too big' again and you sounded like you were in pain and you were yelling for help."
“That’s my sweet little slut,” Sherlock croons and slips his knob past the tight ring of muscles. He kneads John’s ass and waits for him to relax then slides his dick in a little deeper. John whines and clenches then forces himself to relax, and Sherlock eases himself in and out, each time going a little deeper until suddenly he’s fully seated and John is panting with his hands clenched tight on the bed covers. “Fuck” he says forcefully and Sherlock chuckles. “Yup” he agrees popping the p. “Ready or not hear I come” and he chuckles again at his own joke. John’s eyes are wild and sweat is pouring from his body and Sherlock leans down, angling his dick so that he’s sure to hit the other mans’ sweet spot over and over again. Then he begins thrusting in earnest, moving slow and smooth until John starts to beg him to fuck him harder. “Please for Christ’s sake Sherlock please!” he begs and Sherlock is happy to oblige.
John sighs and tugs at his white lab coat. One last patient and then he can get the fuck out of here. The pretty nurse at reception gives him a sympathetic smile and he smiles back. She’s new and has big blue eyes and blonde hair and he might ask her out for coffee sometime he thinks, as he grabs the patient file and trudges back to the examining room.
They spend the rest of the day and the night just sucking each other because John wants to get a butt plug before he lets Sherlock fuck him and plenty of lube. Since he manages to get Sherlock off with his mouth three more times that night Sherlock doesn't complain. And he gets John off four more times and feels a lot of triumph when John admits no ones ever done that for him before.
As if that’s the signal Sherlock was waiting for he grunts and his thrusts get shallower and shallower until John realizes with a flood of excitement its because of his knot. He’s never been knotted since he’s only fucked female Alphas in the past, and he thinks now he should of tried it sooner because it feels like what he was born for. With a great shout Sherlock punches his knot into John’s tight ass and John has another ass orgasm, spurting his Omega fluids so hard they leak out over his and Sherlock’s tightly joined bodies. Sherlock’s knot is stretching him and it feels glorious and his cum is hot inside John’s body even against the fever heat of his temperature. He loves it, glories in it and knows it’ll happen again soon because his heats usually last a few days.
“Fuck” Shezza says sounding surprised. John sucks him for a bit longer then reluctantly pulls away stumbling back to lock the door. The shades are already drawn on the window and he starts pulling his lab coat off, but Shezza shakes his head and tells him to just open up his pants. He holds up a tube of the medical lube meant to be used for things like prostate exams, then hops down from the table and turns around so his back is to John. “Use this” he says and tosses the tube and a condom to John who catches them. Shezza is leaning against the examination table, legs wide and ass on display the paper gown wadded up and on the floor. John steps over it and sets the lube and condom on the table. He leans over the young man and kisses his neck.
He wants to fuck John, god he wants to. He's wanted to do that since they first met but he forced himself to not think about and bury it deep in his mind palace but never delete it. His body is transport that’s what he always tells himself and John isn’t Sebastian Moran, he won't come home to the flat one day and find his lover, if he ever gets the courage to make John his lover, balls deep in another man.
He watches when Sherlock takes his sticky hand and licks it clean. Then he flips John back onto the couch and does what he said he would: he puts his mouth on John’s ass and licks that part clean as well, eagerly lapping up his own cum. John is panting and his heart has barely got back to normal when he feels himself getting hard again. Usually it takes him hours but not this time. Not with Sherlock. Its like he’s 20 again and ready to go all night.
John watched as Molly brought the riding crop in between them and used it to shove Sherlock away from her. He stumbled back and she scowled up at him. When she suddenly smacked him on the shoulder with the crop John’s dick twitched. He nearly came just from the sight of the red welt she raised on his pale skin. “Take the rest of my clothes off she ordered and Sherlock dropped to his knees, pulling at her trousers and carefully taking off her shoes and socks. She didn’t move until he had taken off her bra and knickers, then all she did was lift one leg and drop it over his shoulder, the one with the welt. Her pussy is shaved like Sherlock said she did and John loves how it looks. “Lick my pussy you naughty boy. And tell John to join us, he’s being bad too isn’t he.” She grins and looks right at John, whose hand was now fisted around his dick. He was so turned on right now he thought he might pass out. “You're cheating on your wife John, that’s not good. You need to be punished too, don’t you.”
“Never had this happen before, have you John?” Sherlock asks and John shakes his head, too spent to talk. “That’s because you’ve never been knotted by a proper Alpha. Oh being banded is fine I suppose but its been a long time since you even did that since you were mostly fucking Betas so you could pretend to be a Beta yourself. Now you’ve had me I think this proves to us both where you really belong. So from now on you’ll be sharing heats with me at least, hm, once a month, yes? No more suppressants and Mary can just fucking take a hike. She’s already had your baby, now I want you to have mine.”
Molly’s one hand was fisted in Sherlock’s curls, tugging hard as she moaned, and her other hand slid down John’s waist until she settled it firmly on his ass, squeezing and caressing and gliding her fingers near his ass hole. She pulled her head away and pressed her wet lips to his earlobe whispering “You let him fuck you, didn’t you John. And you shaved for him. He must of loved that didn’t he.”
The next day Sherlock holds his breath till John finally comes downstairs. He’s limping and cursing a bit and complaining about getting some bad Thai while he drinks the tea Mrs. Hudson made. He winces when he sits down but other than that he’s perfectly normal and Sherlock knows he got away with it.
As the three of them fuck there on the floor of the sitting room John decides that this is exactly what he wants. Mary was what he needed while Sherlock was pretending to be dead but Sherlock is what he’s always needed. Their children will grow up together, his and Mary’s and Molly’s and Sherlock will be there like always. Just what John’s always wanted. Then Molly clenches her ass tight around John’s dick and he moans and bites down on her shoulder; Sherlock pulls his head over for a possessive kiss and John feels his knot forming in Molly’s cunt and he puts thoughts of the future out of his head in exchange for the glorious present.
John has his hands on Sherlock’s head and he’s moaning and swearing as Sherlock swallows him down as deep as he can take him, which is pretty deep. He’s got a long throat and taught himself how to take a dick all the way down when he was still at uni. Well Sebastian taught him but he doesn’t want to think about his old lover, he just wants to concentrate on John, and that’s easy to do with John’s dick in his mouth. He sucks hard and hallows his cheeks as he rubs John’s balls, squeezing them gently and liking the way John bucks up his hips when he does. The stupid piece of paper on his forehead falls off and John takes the one on his own forehead off and drops it to the floor while Sherlock pulls his mouth away, then runs the flat of his tongue over the widest part of John’s dick. “Fuck, Sherlock you said you were married to your work, when did you learn to suck dick like this?”
Sherlock smiled lightly and nodded, "Yeah, I guess so.." he said and bit his lip, "John.. I don't.. please don't let this affect your decision.. you shouldn't feel pressured to do anything you don't really want just because I'm a terrified mess.." he said and gave a small shrug.
"You know, it would be nice if this network would at least take the Saturdays off." John commented . It was a bit ironic how they could only have this Friday for themselves exactly because the planning had been this spontaneous.
"Oh that she is." Sherlock said with a laugh, "She's already nagging about school bag shopping since Charlie showed her some on the internet." he said and smiled, "Actually if Charlie starts overselling John and my parental abilities the next few weeks, that's because we've actually decided to adopt the two once we legally can." he said and chuckled, "And she wants to make sure Dorothy will back us on that."
"I know, don't worry about it." David said and shortly glanced at once of the shelves. "Is that everything you wanted to talk about?"
"Is that supposed to be a joke? Obviously I do." Charlie said with a chuckle. "My point was life at the orphanage isn't bleak, but that sure as- doesn't mean I'd say no to a whole birthday cake or decorations. I just mean, I have had proper birthday parties, but that doesn't mean they couldn't get better."
"I do." John whispered and ran his hand through Sherlock's curls. "Christmas came early this year." He commented with a smirk, bridging the gap between their lips before he had a chance to reply.
"You know, I couldn't really wrap my head around the 243 in the beginning but I'm not even trying with 1.5k." John said and huffed a laugh, beginning to stroke Sherlock's hair again. "And what else did you talk about?"
Sherlock sighed, "Well.. there is an easy way to solve this." he said and shrugged, standing up, "I'll just go out and ask him what he's up to." he said, emptying his glass.
Sherlock smiled, "In fact.. some extra therapy session right now would really light up my day." he said and turned around in John's arms to kiss him deeply, moving backwards and stepping blindly into the tub.
Sherlock smiled again, "Don't worry.. It's fine.. it's just.. strange." he said and shrugged, "So.. why didn't your dad join if he would have liked to do so?" he asked, finding some story about how he'd himself would like to serve, but didn't get to for a similar reason would be something they could bond with. But at the same time he was kind of hoping John's dad hadn't served because his wife would have been too worried about him. That would actually be a good argument for John not joining.
"I don't think that the shop is alright with waiting that long." Charlie said, glancing back at Scout and the man. Getting him a sandwich was the least they could do... she felt bad about not even thinking twice when walking past him. "But I've got you covered. I'll just be inside."
"No, probably not." John said and doffed the rest of his clothes. "I know you're enjoying yourself right now, but mum's card is over there. Make sure to sign it before we leave yeah? I'll say the present is from the three of us."
"Smores are two crackers with chocolate and a roasted marshmallow inbetween, so more a dessert." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "The things you learn when you have children." he added with a grin.
"Well.. mummy's tea's the best.." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "However, I've just told mum about .. uhm.. the situation with your dad.. but I guess you can describe his situation better."
As soon as John read the text, he got up from the kitchen at which he'd been studying up until then. He quickly threw on his jacket and grabbed his keys and wallet, before walking down the stairs and out on the street. "Need a hand with that?"
Once the two girls had gone to bed, Viktor remembered the little bug in his coat pocket. Right, now was probably the best time to tell them anyway. "But on a different note" he began after a moment and John looked at him curiously. "Some girl on the street approached me the other day and wanted to pay me to leave a microphone in your flat."
"Probably staying here and waking you every few hours to give you some blood." Sherlock said and leant over to kiss John's cheek.
"Well I'll definitely come to your next birthday party." Ron said and chewed on his lips, he'd really like to kiss her, but he didn't know if she would like that, so maybe he shouldn't? Why was this stuff so complicated?
"Five pounds for you two darlings, because I'm feeling generous today. And because I know that /that/ is always broke nowadays." Harry said with a bit of a laugh. Meanwhile John rolled his eyes a bit at all of the wild gesticulations from the two.
"Okay!" Rosie said and smiled at Sherlock, "I have to do this now, because the computers are really important, but when I'm done, I'll wait in the play room for you!" she said and dashed off for her important task, making Sherlock chuckle again, "Honestly, I really, /really/ don't see how people can consider her introverted.." he said and shook his head.
John nodded, before knocking on the door. "Yeah, I agree, but that's a good thing in their case." He said, before ringing the doorbell. "Excited to meet them?"
John smirked at that and laid his hand on Sherlock's. "Well, good thing then that I really like a good midnight shag. Did you end up sleeping at all, Sher?"
John smiled at him and unbuckled his seat belt, before getting out of the car. "Speaking of which, I haven't eaten anything at all yet; have you got something edible in your fridge?" He asked; As far as he could tell Sherlock's kitchen only contained mouldy fingers, blood and wine.
"Yeah.." John said with a sigh and took the last bite of his steak. "It would be great if your mum could talk to him some time in the near future."
"Right, we can't thank you enough for bringing her back." John said, having forgotten about Mr. Miller there. But before he could stand up, Charlie had already taken that cake from him with a smile. "Let's go upstairs." John told Rosie with a smile and lifted her up onto his hip, since her school bag was just small enough. "Have you already said thank you for the cake?"
Charlie bit her lip a little when Rosie spilled the beans, but she couldn't really have expected a four year old not to. Especially since he was genuinely nice to her. // Back in the teachers' room you could hear Rosie's welcoming calls loud and clear; espevially on an otherwise quiet Tuesday morning. To greet his new co-worker, Greg stepped onto the corridor and walked up to the two. "Morning Sherlock. And good morning little one." He said and gave them both a warm smile; which should've earned him a medal really, given that he was running on coffee only, after spending a night sitting with a girl in the sickbay. "How are you doing?"
"Cool." Rosie said as she started to walk back over to the stairs, "What are you giving Sherlock and John for Christmas?" she asked curiously.
"Some of them, mainly the ones in higher positions were just evil. They were cruel and sick bastards who got the chance to act properly on it because of their majorly sick leader and others.. well I think most of them just feared if they don't obey, they'd be facing the same evils.." Sherlock said and sighed once again, "Fear can make people do horrible things. And that's not even a character flaw, many of those people had families they wanted to protect by playing along. Of course if everyone who wasn't okay with it would have stood up against it, they could have changed things, but that was prevented by never knowing who's on your side. That Hitler bastard had his spies everywhere one wrong word to the wrong person and you would have been in major trouble."
"Okay!" Rosie said before she closed the door behind herself and made her way back upstairs, "What are the chances she'll come back downstairs in a moment?" Sherlock asked, turning to John.
"Not interested? You haven't even talked to her properly." He said and huffed. "I won't put up with this, you're only refusing to get into an argument with me. It's your turn to show you're grateful to even sleep under my bloody roof."
"Well... yes. But I think she still appreciated that you were there. That's more important than being an expert. That's what those sales people are for usually anyway." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Plus a non expert opinion is almost more important since she probably wants to know what normal people think given that this isn't a runway show in front of designers and models. It's a birthday party with friends."
John smirked at him and nodded. "Well, that much is true. And I can already promise you that; Scouts honour."
"Shouldn't this place be guarded or something?" John asked, looking over his shoulder, before spotting Sherlock's keys. "Are you insane, Sher?"
"I don't know.. I mean.. do you really want to hear about your own funeral?" Sherlock asked and closed his eyes as he listened to John's heart, which was more than soothing. "Well.. if you want to know, your dream family didn't invite Beth.. Gareth and Mark were there though."
"Yeah, she really is." Sherlock said and smiled, "Anyway, I guess Mrs Hope is expecting us already.." he said and gave Molly one of his most charming smiles, "It was very nice to meet you."
"Yeah, he's my boyfriend." John said with a nod and cringed inwardly at how that had sounded. "Most people knock when they want to talk to the residents of a house."
"Yeah, sure." Charlie nodded and began to walk with Sherlock out of the cafeteria. "I was already expecting you to adopt Rosie, but I'd never have thought that's why you talked about family with me two days ago and I know that nicknames are used for bonding and... I can't believe I'll have a home and a sister next week..." She rattled off excitedly once Rosie was out of earshot (they couldn't both be hopping).
"Why do you say that? It's the dead and mouldy stuff I don't like. I'm fine with living things in the flat. So, as a soon to be doctor, I decides that every chance at resuscitation will be taken in here." John retorted and returned the smirk.
Sherlock laughed, "Not only that, but we were all dressed up in bee costumes either and she was the bee queen." he said with a smile, looking at Harry and Clara, "Even David and Mycroft went along with it." he said with a snicker, "And by some... erm.. mistake when ordering the costumes Mycroft got a bumblebee one. I have no idea how that might have happened." he said with a grin.
"Yours skin's already healed." John noted surprised, before chuckling at Sherlock's expression. "Yeah, it is. And it's nice I'm able to do that now. But I really didn't expect biting to feel so... gratifying."
"That's probably true." John chuckled. "Still, I think she should get an opportunity to be herself among girls her own age and not only her foster parents' one, you know?"
"Oh of course." Emma said and gave them a smile, "David's actually cooking for us." she said and chuckled, "Maybe you want to help him with that, Charlie? He's actually trying to make that pesto for you, but I think he's a little lost." she chuckled.
"You think they'll let us do that more often? I mean.. taking her out for everyday things. Doing the shopping, trips to the play yard, that kind of thing. I think if she gets some more attention that will help a good deal as well." Sherlock said and frowned, hating to think of how lonely she was in that orphanage.
“Hm.. I think you might be right" Charlie said, looking at herself in the mirror. "What do you think, dad?" Yeah, purple looks very pretty on you." John smiled and pulled out his phone to take a picture. "Now smile for Rosie" He said and took the picture when she grinned into the camera.
"Well considering how much we claim we love tomato juice, we should probably build up our tomato tolerance in case we're ever challenged to drink or eat a lot of tomato stuff, so.." Sherlock said and chuckled, shrugging a little. "Yeah that doesn't really make it better." Harry complained and chuckled, "Do we even have actual ketchup at home?" she asked, looking at Clara.
"Can you walk or do I need to call a nurse?" Dr Moran asked him with a raised eyebrow as he stood up himself.
"Yep." Sherlock said and chuckled as he got out of the car, pulling his keys out of his pocket as he walked towards the door, "Do you want the tour through the flat now, or after dinner?" he asked, looking over at Charlie.
"Well.. I suppose I can't force you to believe what I'm saying, guess you'll have to wait and see and..
"Can't help it, I'm head over heels for him. But I've already noticed that the Holmes' and Honeyfield's are extremely drawn to the Watsons." Sherlock said and chuckled lightly.
Sherlock chuckled a little, "Well if you like, I mean, I was also serious about the cake and tea with family routine, you have to go through before the party with friends, but in general, yeah, you could do that. Obviously, John and I will be close by but out of sight, like perhaps spending the evening with Mrs Hudson, but I'm definitely serious about it." he said with a smile.
"And I love you three." Charlie smiled after a moment and joined them, quite pleased with her pun. John chuckled at that and lifted Rosie up so that they could all hug properly on the same level. "I love you three too."
"Well it's what friends do, isn't it?" Ron said and paused on the stairs to adjust his grip on the pot - perhaps a smaller one would have done as well, but then he'd have had to agree with his mum that it was too much and .. no.
"I think it might feel less like a rejection from you if I tell her." Charlie said and stood up, even though she really wasn't looking forward to that conversation.
"As ready as I'll get." Sherlock said and started to walk towards the house, lacing his fingers with John's. It was ridiculous that he was the one needing support, honestly. He wasn't event he one that would get in trouble, but still he felt some sort of pressure about making a good impression on John's dad despite the fact that he was 'the boyfriend'.
"You think that knowing more boys than Scott, Ryan and Jacob is a reasonable concern?" Charlie asked with a raised eyebrow, before shrugging, figuring this wasn't the right time to talk about that either way. Plus, she knew, Sherlock was extremely lenient in pretty much every way, so she wasn't going to argue with him; at least not today and here.
"Oh there you are again, are you feeling better, dear?" Emma said, looking worriedly at Sherlock, "I can make you a cup of tea." she said and Sherlock smiled, shaking his head, "I'm fine, the fresh air did the trick."
Sherlock smiled lightly as his mum walked into the room, having been awake for a few minutes already. "Hey..." he said, sounding much better as he moved to sit up a bit.
"Hm?" He looked up at his boyfriend. "Oh, I'm good, but thanks. Inorganic chemistry just isn't my favourite. And about the psychology thing, I just thought it could come in handy some time."
"Thanks, mum. I appreciate it. And we two will stick around." John told his mother with a nod, taking Sherlock's hand instinctively (though he was careful not to use it as a stress toy this time). "See you soon."
John chuckled and gave his boyfriend a look that said 'yup, they're two. Don't ask me.'. He then said. "Now, I know who's who and I can tell Sherlock that Amy just told him the truth."
"Me neither.." Sherlock said and chuckled, "But I think she'll be happy your parents are slowly coming around.." he said and smiled as he saw the cab appear at the corner of the street, knowing it was Harry's because he had memorised the licence plate.
"You bet I won't." John said with a chuckle, knowing she'd probably put that to the test. That girl definitely close to putting his own adventurousness in the shade; which really was an impressive thing to do. "Bedroom it is then." He smirked, waiting for Sherlock to follow him.
"I still think that one evening of disbelief is appropriate for someone who isn't very gullible." John commented. "But that's true, I'm still grateful your mum had that talk with my parents."
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head, "I suppose we stuck with doing it ourselves after all.." he mumbled and rolled his eyes, "We could still buy new dishes though... just.. think about it." he laughed.
"I just practice so I can read better when we read it together." Rosie said and chuckled a little, which made Ron smile, who had obviously picked up on Rosie's thoughts as well, "You know, I happen to know quite a lot about those books." he said, giving her an a little exaggerated wink, "So if you have any questions about Hogwarts, you can ask me." he said and Rosie nodded happily.
"Yeah.." Sherlock said and smiled, "Also quite useful that I'll be teaching Rosie's class next year." he said and cleared his throat, "So.. you were in the Navy then?" he asked, quite curious how he ended up on the street.
"Definitely, Scottie." John said with a sigh. "Oh, you like Star Trek?" Charlie asked curiously, wondering where that had come from.
"Yeah, maybe. The way I know her she'd definitely follow them, if she stumbled upon them, so you've effectively saved her from the possibility of getting lost in there." John said and brushed a thumb over his back, not saying much more than that since that was still better than saying the wrong things or something meaningless.
“Do you think he's going to be okay?" Sherlock asked after a few moments of silence between him and Emma. "He seemed quite.. out of it." he said and sighed, watching Emma shrug, "I really don't know.." she said, sighing herself. "I think he'll need some time before he can be happy about it, but eventually, he will." she said quietly, "He wouldn't admit it, but he's missed him badly." she mumbled and Sherlock just nodded, "Will he be.. mad at me?" he asked, still not quite sure if David's words before had meant out of the house rather than out of the room. "I don't think so... You didn't make him leave after all.." she said, but sounded more like he wanted to soothe Sherlock, than really believing what she said.
"You seem to be quite the expert in this field." John said with a chuckle. "But yeah, I've heard so too. Anyway, now that my lasagna is history anyway, how about we move this to the couch till Richard arrives?" He didn't even want to make out, but be closer to his boyfriend. Sherlock was a calming presence and John frankly still a little nervous about this all.
Sherlock chuckled, "It's not because of Star Trek. Although I'm still convinced that John has a crush on the bad guy of Star Trek Into Darkness." he said with a grin, "Anyway, it's because Scott is my middle name. And actually, we're joking here, just for the record." he said with a laugh, "We had that discussion a while ago and decided that after listing all the worst nicknames we could think of for each other, that we'll just stick to our names or things like 'love'." he chuckled.
John bit back another sigh and just pecked Sherlock's temple instead. They'd all get through this somehow, he knew they would.
"Of course they did." John said and gave him a bit of a look before chuckling. "It was great, really." He said after looking back at his mother. "We went on some sightseeing, had amazing food." He said and bit back a comment on how they'd spent the last two days of the trip in bed. Though, he didn't want to tell his mother before his dad so he didn't comment on that. "All in all it was probably my favourite surprise." He said and gave Sherlock a smile.
"Yeah.. that'd be useful." Sherlock said and chuckled, shaking his head, "Why don't you put an ad into the papers, mixed vampire human couple looks for similar pairing to talk about experience and share tips." he said and snickered, "Just imagine all the lunatics that'd attract." he added and Sherlock laughed, "I could so imagine Mark to answer an ad like that, I don't know why." he said with a laugh.
"No, I'm good." Sherlock said and smiled, "It's really gotten better.. I'm a lot less .. paranoid." he said, taking another bite of his sandwich, "Although I'm not sure if that's because except for uni John and I are doing practically everything together."
The officer was quiet during the rest of the ride and focused on driving. Not thirty minutes later, they arrived and the officer walked him towards the building. Inside, a male nurse took William from then on, while the officer talked to someone from the administration about the technicalities. "Can you tell me your name?" The nurse asked as he led William down the corridors to his room.
"Awesome" Charlie grinned and ran to the car a few meters away. It want her birthday yet, but she already knew that it was going to be the best birthday ever.
"Now I'm disappointed." He chuckled. "By the way, how much time do we have until the next guard change?" John asked him with a smile, taking his hand again, before going up the stairs.
"I took two sandwiches, one tuna and one with eggs. I don't have enough money but I'll pay the rest on monday when I get my next pocket money, I promise. They are for the hungry man outside. He can't wait that long. - Rosie." She placed the note on the counter along with all the coins she had, before she took the sandwiches and walked out of the shop.
"I want to lie on my bed and look at my kinder egg bees!" Rosie said and smiled, "I've missed them, next time I'll take them with me when we're not at home." she stated and Sherlock chuckled, pulling up in front of the house.
Sherlock smirked, "Well I do have ways to unseal your lips." he said and chuckled as he leant in to kiss John properly, pulling him closer against himself.
"Oh.. that's cool though if all your friends are there and stuff. But if you want to change schools, our school is really nice and I don't only say that because it'd mean I'd see you much more often." Ron said and chuckled, "Not only because of that anyway."
''You kept those old things?" She asked and came next to him to start to help him. ''We need to go there together in the near future... I never went out to look for it again, you know. Thought the new owners would've changed it to an unrecognisable degree by now if it still existed." She said and shook her head, folding a blanket and putting it on Sherlock's chair for now. "This is truly one of the best days in my life."
"Well, I've always plumed myself on the fact that my children had great potential.'' She said with a smile and wrapped an arm around her son's waist, easily going back to their old slang. "Say, is he riveted?" She never thought Mycroft would be up for marriage, but people could change.
"You know" John interrupted him with a snort. "I was actually talking about the bloody tank over there if you can believe it."
Richard chuckled a little, "Yeah, I know Sherlock is a little.. he's different, although, that's not the right word, extraordinary might be a better fit. He's a bit of a nutter, but he's very loyal and protective." he said and smiled, "And I think they're a nice couple. I've got the impression that they complete each other, they balance each other out."
"If it was a granny fetish, you'd hardly be his type." Sherlock said and chuckled, shaking his head, "It's the history nerd. He already had a fit when I told him how old I am." he chuckled.
"Nice. Having parents is still rad." Charlie said with a tired grin. "You know, I've been thinking.."
"He'd better." John said and kissed him back. "And don't forget who was willing to catch pneumonia to kill him on the spot for showing er his guitar." He smirked just a little, even though he'd most likely have followed him.
"Well.. what are the options if you scratch earn money with?" Sherlock asked and even if adopting her was a bit much right now, he could still make sure she was well off when she left the orphanage eventually.
"Yeah, my mum's mum." John said, before frowning. "Oh, you haven't met my other grandmother yet, have you?" He asked as he followed Vanessa into the kitchen.
"Aw, that's sweet. Actually, there's nothing about that story that doesn't make me proud." John said with a smile. "Except for the running off bit; and we've got to talk to her about stranger danger." He said and shook his head with a sigh. "You know, I don't doubt for a second that she would've gone back there on Monday."
John recognised that smile for what it was (even if it wasn't his '2017 John smile') and chuckled a little. "You're welcome. And thanks, I've got a feeling my fiancé will like it." He said, before turning around for good to get back to the shed.
Sherlock chuckled, "Aren't you a romantic.." he said and rolled his eyes in mock annoyance as he closed the mouthwash bottle, before turning around and wrapping his arms around his boyfriend.
Sherlock sighed as he locked the door and stuffed the key into his pocket, "Are you really sure you're alright?" he asked quietly as they walked out of the flat, "I can't believe she bit you."
"Let's just hope for the best." John said with a soft sigh. "But just for the record. My opinion of you or our relationship isn't going to change, no matter what they'll say or do. Truth be told I've Been quite nervous since we agreed to go there tomorrow, but yeah, I'm hoping for the best."
"Right. I almost forgot with everything else going on." Once David wasn't talking to Mark anymore, John addressed his parents. "Mum, Dad I've actually seen Harry today. She's sobered up and looking better than in years. Clara even helped her to get a job as a cab driver, so that's why she isn't here."
"Really? He sounds very special." Charlie said with a smile, unsure whether Rosie was fibbing a little to impress her. "And I agree, Sally's an outright homophobe. You don't like her either, I take it?" She asked and indicated Rosie to come sit next to her on her bed.
"Just my mum." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I needed a bit of female advice on the matter. And I to be honest, John figured it out, you had me with convinced that you had thrown up on your pyjama."
"Pretty sure she'd love that." Sherlock said and frowned as he thought of something. "By the way.. is there any chance you can talk to David? We told him about Richard and well... his reaction was... concerning."
"Wanna try out your teeth, though?" Sherlock asked and hitched up his sleeve, before holding his wrist out to John, "Not that I want to know what that stuff in my saliva actually does to people.." he said and chuckled a little.
Sherlock took a deep breath when John's teeth broke through his skin, feeling a sharp sting for just a split second before he felt something that could only be described as bliss, he just felt really, /really/ good. "Oh wow..." he said, still feeling pleasantly dizzy. "I .. I expected it to be nice but.. god, it really is like being high.."
"You two haven't changed too much, have you?" Clara snorted and Janine began to laugh at seeing the text. "Have you got that from one of the children?"
John chuckled at that and relaxed into Sherlock's touch, grateful for the comfort. "I think you're voice might be a bit of a giveaway. Not that I'm complaining about that though."
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah.. I need to grab the tags too, just in case I really can speak openly." he said and walked into the bedroom to grab his jacket and the tags from the bedside drawer, before returning to John. "Okay let's go then." he said, taking his keys and wallet from the coffee table.
"Hey.." Sherlock said and instinctively leant back into him, "How's your dad?" he asked curiously, even though his relationship to David wasn't exactly the best and far from being a stable one, but he was still part of his family now. "Is he feeling better about the whole thing?"
"Yeah.. well, I actually have a spare bedroom.. I mean.. I could make that a room for Amy and Ally.. I was going to suggest to help with their education anyway since they seemed very smart.." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Like.. Mycroft and me.." he said and smirked at knowing now that they were much more like Mycroft and him than he initially thought. "But I'd still like that.." he said and chuckled, "I mean.. after all I'm a 56 times graduated chemist with some other degrees as well.."
"I'll leave those decisions completely to you." John said with a chuckle. Interior design really wasn't his strong suit. "Have you already drunk something since lunch?"
Rosie nodded happily, grabbing the mug and nipping at it quietly for a while, before she looked at Sherlock, "Are you sure there aren't spiders that big?" Rosie asked and Sherlock nodded, "Absolutely." he said and smiled at her, "Okay.. then I think Bee and I can go back upstairs." she said, handing John the empty cup and starting to climb off the bed, "Are you sure, honeybee?" he asked and Rosie nodded, "Uh huh." she said with a nod and Sherlock frowned a little, "You know you can come back downstairs if you change your mind, yeah?" he asked and Rosie nodded, "But if they aren't real then I don't have to be afraid of them, right?" she asked and Sherlock nodded, "Right.." he said and watched her trod off.
"Good, because on my own, I'd probably spoil them rotten." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I mean literally, I don't think I've said 'no' the whole time we were out. Well except when Rosie asked if we can get a unicorn, but that doesn't really count." he said with a chuckle.
"Yeah, but not here. I don't think anyone here is in on whatever is going on, but just to be safe, we're officially taking you two in because we're better suited to take care of your special educational needs." Sherlock said and smiled, "And of course we will, but I'd say we do that Friday night? When Rosie is in bed?" he asked and smiled, "Oh and, I was serious about your room. Money doesn't matter, so you can design your room however you want it, including floor and wallpaper." he said with a smile, "Living more than 200 years does have financial benefits." he said with a chuckle, "Oh and we'll get you a more modern phone as well, after all a good detective needs proper tools."
David chuckled at that. "That answer I hadn't expected. He doesn't seriously think I'd do that though, does he?" He asked, opening the door.
"I wasn't rude. I asked a question." Rosie said with a sweet smile, "If you're not a hombophob then I wasn't rude to you at all. I've only been a bit rude if you think you are a hombophob." she said and still smiled at Sally. "And I wasn't talking to Charlie, I just heard her say that."
Charlie couldn't help grinning a bit at that. "And what else happened that evening?" She asked sheepishly, though in her head she was already screaming... She was so gonna phone- or tell.. Mrs. Hudson. Yeah, that was safe.
"Don't worry, dear. You'll be fine." Jane said and smiled, "Also no one would really take offence if you make a mistake or something like that with your age everyone will figure that it's your first real ball." she said and held her arm out to link it with Charlie's again.
"Yeah, I'd call that destiny." John said with a smirk and drank some water, before looking at the clock on their wall; they still had a bit over ten minutes before Rosie had to go back to the orphanage.
Charlie smiled back and downed the rest of her blood. John took the sandwich from Sherlock and ate some of it hungrily. "Yeah, and that's why it's so nutritious too." Charlie added, figuring that'd answer Rosie's question on tomato juice for the next couple of months. (Or well, until she realised what her own blood tasted like)
"I wasn't go.." Sherlock began, being cut off by a snort he just couldn't suppress, before he cleared his throat, biting his lip hard, "I wasn't going to say.. anything."
John pecked his lips and nodded. "Yeah, I don't feel like testing him today either." Taking his hand he pulled away. "Let's go downstairs, love."
"Been a while.." Sherlock said as he unbuckled his seatbelt, "Meaning this as an actual question rather than a side blow, when have you been here the last time?" he asked, looking at his brother.
"Mmh, yes Charlotte is definitely a smart girl." She said with a nod, remembering her from a few therapy sessions. "Well, I'll have some work to do next week then." She chuckled, since there where about 55 students whose test she could correct. Meanwhile Amy tugged a bit on Rosie's hand. "Rosie? Do you like bees and tigers?"
"What being a vampire makes me a heathen?" Sherlock asked with a laugh, "Well to be honest, there's no proof for or against the existence of a higher power." he said and shrugged, "I am in fact still a member of the church though."
"Yeah, I've thought about that before. Imagine every new vampire would turn just one person very close to them... I mean not even that's sustainable." John said with a frown. "But maybe some of the victims actually work for the person who started this." John said and ran a hand through his hair. That'd mean even more victims...
"Probably giving Ron a list of stuff he is and isn't allowed to do in your marriage." Sherlock said with a laugh.
"I just want to make sure." Sherlock said and stood up, pulling John up along with him who had still been crouching in front of him. "But really though.. you need to learn to take your keys with you." he said and laughed, "If that literally happens forever that might drive both of us insane."
John smiled back and rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "Actually, I think pyjama bottoms are overrated anyway." He said with a chuckle. "And it might be an extra motivation."
"You know most people would've picked a glade or something for that." John chuckled. "No, but Sherlock Holmes decided to have a candle-lit picnic behind the face of Big Ben and carried a heater up here. You don't seem to realise how sweet and romantic this is."
"Even if, I don't think she knows it's quite that obvious." John said and scratched his head. "I mean, I feel like we should do something about it, but apart from reassuring her I can't think of anything."
Richard sighed, "No.." he said and frowned, "But.. he's right about being mad at me. I did leave him when he needed me.." he said and Sherlock sighed, "You don't really had a a good and a bad option back then, Rich. It was a decision between giving him a normal childhood without having to move around every few years when people get suspicious about you looking that young, or leaving him to have a stable life and home with long time friends and everything he couldn't normally have keeping a secret like that."
Once the door was closed, David looked after Sherlock for a few seconds, before sitting down on the bed. He rested his hands on his knees and slumped down, breathing more heavily and looking down on the floor beneath him. No. This couldn't be... He glanced up at one particular family picture on the commode in front of him, before shutting his eyes hard. After all this time...
"Definitely." John nodded and trailed his fingertips lightly over Sherlock's back. "How about we make the wedding invitations sometime in November?'
"That sounds like a positive." Janine said with a smile. "But I think it's good for all of us that we're living in more liberate times. God, can you remember the 19th century?" She said with a chuckle and shook her head. "This whole obsession with sex and the sexes back then was almost comical looking back at it."
"Of course. Always for you." John said with a grin and put his empty plate into the sink, before leaning into Sherlock once he'd washed his mouth to kiss him on the mouth.
Sherlock sighed, "It's fine, you didn't know, we didn't know..." he said and cleared his throat, "And.. you were a better mother than anyone else got to have back then. You accepted me even though, I really didn't fit in back then, I mean hell, you and father let me go off with Victor and live with him, not caring if it might come out and taint the family's reputation.." he said and smiled, "Did I ever really thank you for that?" he asked quietly.
Sherlock smiled at her, "Thanks." he said, getting out plates, before he started to fill them. "Can you get cutlery and glasses?"
Sherlock chuckled, trying to catch his breath (which didn't help), "Well, that.. was.. ridiculous." he said and giggled, looking at John, giving his hand a tug and pulling him into his arms.
Sherlock smiled at the kiss, shuffling a bit down on the mattress so they were face to face, "Guess what.. another night without nightmares.." he said and chuckled a little, "Perhaps it's got something to do with half of my family resurfacing all of a sudden..." he said and chuckled, "Never thought I'd be the kind of person to marry his cousin.." he joked quietly.
"Yeah, I'll try not to punch him at the first snarky remark." John teased, before turning to put his coat on and walk outside. And when he opened the door that stranger was actually still standing there. Without much of a preamble, he walked up to him to talk. "Hi there. I couldn't help but notice your interest for our house."
"It's Viktor." Sherlock said and wondered briefly if that was what was making him want to help the guy, but no, he'd keep his girls away from him if he'd seen anything that was off about the man. "Reminds me that I didn't actually introduce myself. Hope he doesn't think my first name is Papa." he chuckled.
Vanessa was quiet for a while and David was definitely not the next person to say something. "What I can tell you after decades of experience is that no one ever 'just' leaves. No one." Vanessa's tone was gentler now though made sure not to sound pitying or even properly comforting. And that was good because David would've likely lost it if she had; He wasn't anywhere close to acknowledging his emotions. "Why then?" He didn't look up at her. His mind couldn't come up with a single valid reason that didn't hurt to his core. "There's only one person that can really tell you that."
"No, I don't think so either. And don't worry, I'll tell you when I do think it is." John murmured, before kissing Sherlock's lips once more, though still still not too deeply since the girls were around.
"Right, yeah." Charlie nodded because that did make sense. Though, really taking that advice to heart was probably harder than just remembering it. "But anyway, we're not even in a relationship yet. I'll hang on to that though." Charlie said with a smile, before getting up. "I'll go and practice a bit on my guitar. I might want to show off soon."
"What took you so long." Sherlock murmured with a nasal tone, glancing up at John and lazily reaching for the blood John was holding, nipping at it. "Why do you look like you're enjoying this?" he asked, sounding slightly offended.
"Mmh, it's a bit of a shame that I'll be asleep for most of it." John said with a sigh. "But at the same time I don't want to keep putting it off. And, it's not the main reason, but I can tell that it's nerve-racking for you." He said and ran his thumb over Sherlock's hand. "How about we do it tomorrow night? We'd still have a day and a night together and by Sunday I should be able to get on a plane again."
"Oh Sally's gonna like that." Sherlock said as he got out of the car, chuckling to himself as he walked around it and opened the girls for the kids, "Okay, Rosie, you know what I said about holding my hand? When you and Amy and Ally get out of the car, I want you to hold their hands until we're in the house, okay? But you have to stay very close to us." he said and figured a bit of responsibility would be good for her and it was relatively safe since the street was rather quiet today. And with three adults there wasn't much that could go wrong with that. "Okay!" Rosie said and got out of the car, waiting outside for Amy and Ally, "But you have to keep holding my hand, okay?" she asked, looking at the younger girls. "That's important, because the street is dangerous."
"No, I don't think they will. I also doubt they'll check under our bed for something suspicious." John replied with a chuckle. "And if they should actually do so, we'll say we need them because of uni. I mean, I'm studying medicine after all." He said with a bit of a shrug. "Do you need me to do something else by the way? I feel a little useless right now."
Sherlock smiled, simply activating recording the whole scene as a video, rather than a photo, they could still take stills of it and that way he wouldn't miss the right moment. Following John outside, he kept the camera focused on Rosie's reaction, who looked once again overly excited as she spotted the cake. "Whoa! That is a big cake!" she said and ran up to John, looking up at it. "Is it all for me?" she asked and Sherlock chuckled, "Technically yes," he said and smiled, still filming her, "But it'd very nice if you'd share it with the rest of your bees." he said and Rosie nodded, "Okay!" she said and grinned#.
Sherlock turned his head away, pretty sure the pain he felt about John's answer would reflect on his face as he sat up, "Alright." he mumbled and cleared his throat, standing up, "I should go extinguish the fire in the fireplace downstairs, I'll .. I'll be right back." he said and walked out of the room, needing a moment to gather himself together again and figuring he could just as well go do what he had just told John he'd do.
"Hm, I guess it's fine.." Harry said and smiled lightly, "I couldn't blame her if she'd fall for you though.." she smirked leaning over to kiss Clara and Sherlock smiled at the two of them, genuinely happy for his cousin. "And they say we're the Disney film.." he mumbled with a chuckle.
..Couldn't the world just let her be miserable? "Yeah?" Charlie asked and pushed herself up into a sitting position with a groan.
"Yeah.. I'll let my mum know." Ron admitted with a chuckle, blushing a little as Rosie thought. "Erm.. is it the couch?" she asked after a moment.
"I love you too." Sherlock said and smiled at his hand, "And .. I'm sorry.. I know what you were willing to do for me.. it just scared the hell out of me to think I might never even meet you.." he said and chewed on his lips. "But what I said is true, I guess.. with Victor.. I think we started to like each other, because no one else would in the first place. And eventually that crush turned into love. But it was nothing like us." he said and smiled a little, "So don't you ever think again I'd want to exchange you for Victor."
"Me too." Ron said and chuckled a little, "Though maybe we should be more careful when we go out.. I mean.. we could tell my parents eventually.. like maybe after Sherlock and John met them and think it's okay? Mum and her colleagues get around a lot so they could help find that girl and dad could keep an eye out if he sees her around the neighbourhood." he said and smiled, "I won't tell them anything unless you're okay with it though, I promise."
"Yeah you won't get any complaints about a higher neckline from John or me, that's for sure." Sherlock said and chuckled a bit.
Sherlock chuckled a little at the hug, "Well, I'll give your thanks to Santa.." he said and subtly nodded with his head towards Rosie, since she did still believe some of the presents were from Santa.
Charlie sighed, really relieved. She hadn't expected his reaction to be like this. "So you're, I mean, erm not murdering any of us tonight?" She asked, still unsure what to think of this change in mood.
"Well for a start I found out today how old Janine is." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Wanna take a guess?"
"Yeah, sounds good." Charlie smiled at that and let go of them, before John set Rosie carefully down. "Alright, so who wants hot chocolate with tomato juice?"
"This and that. Currently I'm a cabbie." Harry said and chuckled, "Didn't live long enough to pile up wagon loads of money yet." she said and gave both Clara and Sherlock a look who just sat down next to Janine, "Oh don't tell me that she's just as stubborn about making her own money as John is? He keeps babbling on about not wanting to live of mine.." he said and chuckled.
"Well, I think that depends on- you know, you can just give that here." John said and took the pot from him with relative ease before anything could spill or fall.. It was quite a lot of soup, so he'd rather avoid that. "I'll find a nice place for it in the kitchen." He said and continued to walk up the stairs behind Ron.
"Now, I'm going to make you some tea." Sherlock said and shrugged a little, "If you prefer you can watch me make it to make sure I'm not going to drug you, if you are worried about eating or drinking something here."
Janine sighed, still a bit nervous about the whole thing... "Yeah, I hope you're right with that." She said and looked over at Sherlock as the elevator arrived.
John began to chuckle as well, because even though he himself looked quite ridiculous, for Sherlock the size difference was almost comical. "Yeah, I have to agree with Rosie there. Maybe I can't reach the top drawer in our kitchen, but I fit in perfectly here." He said as if he was boasting, though he was clearly joking.
"Hm.. perhaps we find a flower girl dress similar to the dress you'll pick.." Sherlock said and chuckled, "To console our pouting bee a little." he said and chuckled, "Also.. it'll make great photos of the two of you."
"Hm.. how about February 21st." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Valentine's day would be too clichéd, I think and well.. at least the number will be a steady reminder of our first mutual home."
Hadn't Sherlock already talked about wanting to have kids? John thought with a smile. At least this would make the afternoon more relaxed with the both of them getting along with them.
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah, you're right.. I don't even have evidence to start with." he said and smiled up at John, "How was your day?" he asked, yawning a little.
"Okay.." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "Well, she sounds great." he said and smiled, "Does she know about the whole tomato juice thing?" he asked, using their codeword still, just in case one of the spies was around.
Charlie smirked at that. "Thanks" Once they were on the other side of the road Charlie took Rosie's hand and walked with her towards the building and lifted her up to be able to read the names on the bell. "Can you figure out where we have to ring?"
"Of course, who wouldn't want to get married in that beautiful a language. No, but seriously. It's the first country to legalise it - jesus, that sounds like this is about drugs - since I've come out, so yeah, feels a bit different. And it's a sign for other countries too."
"I love you too." Sherlock said and smiled against John's lips, "Even if we both spectacularly fail as trainee parents." he said and chuckled a little.
"Yeah, but wouldn't dream-you say the same thing? And I'd rather I could wake up and not have this headache anymore." She commented and closed her eyes again while John took her temperature. "40°C, just like your sister." John said and stroked her hair with his thumb, returning Sherlock's look. "I'll get you something against that headache and the fever, love, okay?" He asked and Charlie hummed in agreement, before chuckling a bit.
"Oh we wouldn't dare, would we, Rosie?" Sherlock asked with a small smirk, looking down at the girl that still looked somewhat sad and only gave a small shrug, "Hm.. you know what always cheered me up when I was your age?" he asked and Rosie shook her head lightly as much as she could with it resting on his shoulder, "Well, how about we grab a few sheets of paper, crayons and some string and then we go outside, look for bees and draw them. And when we're ready, we can cut them out and put on a string and you can hang them up in your room." he suggested and that perked Rosie's interest a bit, "Can we give them names?" she asked, letting it sound like a possible deal breaker, but Sherlock chuckled, "Sure we can." he said with a smile and set the girl down again, "Come on, show us the crayons and paper and then we'll go to the beehive?" he suggested and Rosie finally smiled again - while Sherlock noticed there was an addition to the things he couldn't bear and that was seeing Rosie sad. "Okay." she said and took Sherlock's hand again, holding her other out, obviously waiting for John to take it.
The deep frown on Rosie's face at hearing her daddy being called a 'lady' made Sherlock laugh a bit, "Oh, well I'm sure they are.. but.. my fiance's name is John actually.." he said with a little smirk, "Yeah he's a boy! I hope you're not a hombophob, because I think you're really nice! But if you're a hombophob, I don't want to be your friend anymore." Rosie said with a fierce expression and stared him down and honestly, Sherlock couldn't be more proud of her.
"I still don't like this." John mumbled and went where he thought he'd last seen the girls, gripping Sherlock's hand more tightly the longer they went on.
"Well if it makes you feel better, if they weren't in danger, I wouldn't have agreed either." Sherlock said with a smile, "Look at us, we already sound like parents, talking about what they can and can't have." he chuckled.
"But isn't that dangerous?" Rosie asked as she climbed into the car and sat down in her car seat, "Because I once asked if I can sit there where you put your feet in the car and daddy said no because it's dangerous if we have an accident or he has to stop suddenly."
Hey, Jim. My boyfriend met a nice bloke working at a the registrar's office (and before you ask, no we haven't been there together). Didn't you say, you were still looking for a someone? I know you don't usually do that sort of stuff, but you know, it might be worth a shot. Anyway, this is his number; his name's Dennis. Cheers, mate. -John W.
"Exactly and also tomato juice and ketchup both have some salt in it too, to give it more flavour." Sherlock said and smiled at Charlie, she really did a good job with Rosie. "Oh, that makes sense!" Rosie said, satisfied with that answer as she nipped at her tomato juice again.
"Just a bottle, I've got water and coke too." Sherlock said and smirked, reaching for his coat and pulling a little bottle out of one of the pockets, "And I brought this too." he said, handing John the small lube bottle, "You know how embarrassing it is when your mother and your basically like a mother landlady both remind you not to forget the lube..." he said with a roll of his eyes, "I'm really grateful to have a progressive and insightful family, but.. ugh.." he said and shuddered playfully.
Charlie took the cap and downed it in one gulp, making a face at the taste. "Thanks, t-paps." Charlie mumbled once again afterwards. "Are you gonna call Mrs. Hope?" She asked after a moment; wondering if she'd punish her.
"Er.. yeah, I was a little.. well truth is, I was panicking because Rosie hadn't come back downstairs and thought.. well I told you about the situation with them.. I just thought something was wrong, but she just got delayed jumping on the bed.." Sherlock said and frowned a little, "Can I ask you something?" he asked after a moment of thought, "Does that ever go away again? I mean.. all that worrying.. constantly.. is that.. normal?" he asked, David would know, wouldn't he? He was a father after all.
"Maybe what?" Sherlock asked and frowned at John, before looking into the bag, "Well, I was actually going with self made fried noodles.. but I'm sure I can throw together a quick Bologna.. you know, it's more child-friendly." he said and chuckled as he started to unpack the groceries.
"Yes, he is. Good character, hard worker, even managed to get into medical school a year ago." David said with a hint of pride in his voice, as always unable not to brag a little about his son. "Though, I couldn't quite believe my eyes when he first introduced us to his partner."
"Sure, here, that's me." Charlie said and got out a picture of herself to show it to Rosie. After some shuffling she placed it on her knee so they could both look.
"Of course, darling. I don't see a good reason to keep it from them." She said with a smile, having almost forgotten about her youngest two. ''They'll be excited to have a big brother.''
John kissed him back and smiled a bit, before parting his lips and bringing a hand up into Sherlock's hair. The cabbie's disruptive presence was quickly forgotten by John's mind.
"Yeah, hopefully." He stifled a sigh and put on the underwear. "If that's another reason for you to squirm on a seat very close to mine then I'm a happy man." John chuckled, not wanting to dwell on the subject. "By the way
John almost yawned into the kiss but held hims- nope, he ended up yawning against Sherlock's lips. Good thing his heavy eyelids blocked Sherlock's expression. As a gesture of good will, he ran a hand up Sherlock's back.
"That's a nice change." John said, looking up from his notes. "Any news from the orphanage?" He asked, closing his notebook for now.
"This is seriously such an awesome day" Charlie said through the curtain as she worked herself out of the dress.
Sherlock gave a half-smile as he pulled his hand back, "Is there anything else you wanted to talk about or should we just go back downstairs?" he asked, biting his lip to contain a chuckle that wanted to bubble out of him as he thought about John's mental state right now.
David didn't say anything for a long while and just looked at him, thinking about what he'd just heard. Sherlock looked like he had meant what he'd said and he already knew what Emma would say in response to him. "You came here and stood your ground in front of me today. That's something I respect. I want to ask you one last question and then I'll tell you what I think."
"Yeah we did it all together!" Rosie said excitedly, pointing at the star on top of the tree, "I put the star on it, look!" she said and looked up at Charlie, "You know, Sherlock likes tomato juice just as much as I do! But John doesn't."
"That's probably for the better." John nodded and put on his jacket while he waited for Sherlock. It was a strange thought he'd be drinking blood too by the end of tomorrow.
"Uh huh." Rosie said with a nod, "He'd show you if he wouldn't like it." she said and smiled, "I know that because I asked Viktor if I was doing it right and he told me that he would nudge me away or pull his head away if I was doing something he doesn't like."
"Charlie made her favourite pesto, all the credit goes to her, I just helped." Sherlock said and smiled at Charlie, before walking into the kitchen to take care of the spaghetti.
"Yes, I got the impression John's important that him." David said with a nod - his son could've really been doing much worse - though he was surprised his father was that open-minded. "That combined with your approval of him were the main reasons I thought well of him that day."
“You just said you're a watermelon with bad grammar." Sherlock said and laughed, "You're more of a hedgehog though." he said and smiled, kissing John's cheek.
"Arse." John muttered grumpily and reached for a kitchen towel to wrap around the cut. "After that it better tastes good." He said with a bit of a huff (mostly though, because he was quite embarrassed).
"Bye Sally." Rosie said, not even looking back at her as she walked with Sherlock to the car. Opening the door for the little girl, he lifted her up so she could stand at the edge of the car, holding her, "Amy, Ally, this is Rosie." he said and looked down at the little blonde girl, "Rosie, this are Amy and Ally." he said and Rosie smiled, "Hi Ally, hi Amy!" she said and Amy smiled, "Hi Rosie!" she said happily, "Lock has a car seat for you! Look!" she said and pointed at the seat.
"You're awfully cheery." Sherlock said and couldn't help but chuckle a little as he watched her, shaking his head, "But no thanks, I think I'll stick to coffee and glass of blood." he said and looked at her cup. "Are you sure that's gonna taste good?" he asked, not having made many good experiences with blood in the microwave.
"To be honest, he seemed relieved that we told him and took that off of him." Sherlock said and shuffled forward to wrap his arms around John's neck, "Which reminds me, I'm really glad I never have to do that to you. No matter what happens."
Charlie's eyes went wide at the sound of that voice and she withdrew from Lowell quickly, still having his guitar awkwardly on her lap. Oh, come on!... She thought, though she was equally disappointed as she was terrified Jane might tell her father.
"Hm, right." John said over the papers. "But we can start by taking Rosie and Charlie in. Can you break it to them? I'm not going to be at the orphanage the next couple of days. But anyway, we could try to talk to Mrs. Hope; she seemed like a reasonable woman."
"You're welcome, William." The nurse said and took some notes on a a clipboard before collecting William's clothes and leaving again, locking the door behind himself.
On the following weekend Charlie was helping John with the laundry. Not that he'd asked her to - he'd just been ironing along in their bedroom - but it was nice to spend one on one time with him. Plus, he needed to practice ironing stuff properly anyway and it just felt like a really nice and domestic thing to do. "Dad?" She asked him after a while, folding a pair of Rosie's trousers. "What's it?" "What's the weirdest thing you've found in our flat so far?" John snorted a bit. "Why are you asking?" "I just found an ancient looking button in one of Sherlock's trousers and Rosie seems to have forgotten this in hers." She said with a chuckle and showed him a green painted key with yellow speckles. "Hmm... might be something they could've done at preschool." He suggested with a shrug. "Yeah, but like, what kind of stuff did you find around here before we moved in? Sherlock still doesn't want me to go up to the attic." She said with a sigh. "With good reason." John couldn't help adding. "Well... what kind of stuff has been lying around then? I'm just curious, you know I can't help it." She said sheepishly. "Fine... I found a small bowl of chicken eyeballs once. That was properly weird. But don't tell Rosie, please, would you?" Charlie nodded seriously, before frowning. "Why eyeballs though?" John gave her a shrug. "No idea, ask your father. I really just threw them away." He said, before looking up at the sound of the door to find Charlie'd just left. "Paps?" Charlie asked as she walked into the living room. Rosie should still be with Mrs. Hudson because of some old detective soap opera they were watching.. "Can I ask you something?"
"There aren't too many people. There should be maybe twenty of them at the most; and usually not everyone invited shows even up." He said, rimging the doorbell and keeping himself from becoming nervous again.
Sherlock smiled innocently at his brother, "Oh, I'm sure you'll manage." he said and could barely hold back the laughter that wanted to burst out of him at his brother's reaction, "Should we go find her then?" he asked, still smiling.
"I love you too." Sherlock said and turned back to the counter as John walked out the door, starting to make some much needed coffee, before he poured himself a glass of blood.
"Okay, I'm listening." John said after drinking some blood, looking at Sherlock expectantly. "You know, it would be nice if you could discuss those things with me first before getting the children all excited about them."
"Well technically that's my name. William Sherlock.. Scott, actually." Sherlock said and laughed once again. "Christ, I really didn't expect that." he said and shook his head, "What happened to Olivia?" he asked after a moment of silence, "Please tell me she managed to get a divorce and have a baby." he said, despite everything really wishing things had turned out well for his foster mother.
Sherlock smiled, "I do sleep, actually. It just takes a while longer for me to be so exhausted that I actually need a full nights sleep, mostly I get by with a few hours." he said and smiled at John, "And.. neither do I.. so if you're ready to separate from the lasagne..." he said, trailing off as he pointed with his head towards his bedroom.
Sherlock was still reading when he heard a loud thump from upstairs, looking over at John with a frown, before he shot out of bed and made his way upstairs, not wanting to take a risk. That thump had been really quite loud. Walking into Charlie's room, he rushed over to her when he spotted her lying on the floor, "Is everything alright?" he asked, crouching down next to his daughter and gently lifting her up from the floor to put her back into the bed.
John smiled back at Sherlock and kissed his cheek. "Very tempting." He chuckled and stayed in the crook of his neck while he continued. "But I think I'm a bit too hungry to let you do all of the work by yourself." He chuckled and slowly untangled himself from his boyfriend to get himself a cutting board and gather the rest of the tomatoes. "You're way too comfortable, you know that?"                       "You mean in your arms?" Sherlock turned John's comment around with a smirk, "Yeah.. Yeah, I know that. /Way/ too comfortable." he said as he got a pan out and put in some butter, before taking to his glass again while he waited for the butter to heat up.
"You can make a mistletoe poster too! I can paint your feet then!" Rosie said, quite proud of her idea, "Then they have two!"
"You okay?" Sherlock asked, genuinely worried about her now, "Let me take a look at your head there." he said and slowly, like trying not to scare a wild animal, reached up to tilt her head a little, "Got a bit of a bump there.." he said and looked back at John, waving him over, since that really was his area, he really just wanted him to make sure she wasn't having a concussion.
"Oh yeah, hadn't thought about it that way." John nodded and took the fork to eat some more of the eggs. "I'll think I'll go back to sleep after this and probably stay there for rest of the day. Do you already know what you'll be doing today?"
"Nah, that's alright, it won't be too long. You've already seen the suitcases in my room, haven't you?" Charlie asked, figuring Sherlock had first checked their rooms before coming out here. "I'll meet you at the front door, okay?"
John laughed a little at that. "I doubt that too. Speaking of which, what would you think of having children? I mean, later on, obviously."
"Yeah, we did, actually. You know, you might be interested in this too, it's a vampire orphanage, with kids that have been turned, I don't know if you know about this, when you turn kids, they age until they're fully grown and only then the ageing stops. Although it takes some time to get used to toddlers drinking blood from a sippy cup, trust me on that." Sherlock said with a smile, "But if you ever toy with the idea of adopting, you might want to look there first."
"It kind of sounds like she's having her probably first period." John said and scratched his head. "They must be ridiculously painful from all I can tell. Could you just check if there's blood on her pyjamas?"
Sherlock sighed, hoping he was interpreting John's expression correctly as he poured both of them a glass of blood and one with water for John. "So.. about John's behaviour before, he's told me what was going on and.. we think you deserve to know as well." he said and looked at John, figuring that'd be better coming from John himself.
Some time later the adults were sitting in the living room and drinking some coffee after the girls had already had some cake and had gone back upstairs to play there. John eventually brought himself to clear his throat to tell his parents some the news... "So, Mum, Dad, you wanted us to keep you updated on everything and, well, I've decided to-" John broke off when he realised he hadn't talked to his parents since the 24th. That was something he should probably tell them first. "Well, I asked Sherlock to marry me and he said yes. And we're both wearing rings." He added and glanced at his hand, before giving Sherlock a short smile.
"Ah.. well, no, we haven't, just about a month, actually." Sherlock said with a laugh, "It's a bit of a long story, actually. So you're not allergic to tomato juice then?" he asked curiously, wondering how much he could tell her about this.
"I'm afraid, that's not exactly how we handle things here. You'll understand that we require all of our teachers to have basic qualifications in pedagogy." Mrs. Hope explained. "If you want to acquire those, through for example a university course, we could certainly find a compromise for the meantime, since your other qualifications are quite outstanding."
"Hm..." Rosie said and looked down (or rather straight ahead) at Scout. "Papa said you can shower at our place if you want... can we bathe Scout too? I bet it's a whole lot of fun!" she said with a broad grin.
"I don't mind. I'm actually kinda proud of that.. if that makes sense?" Sherlock said and chuckled lightly, "And well.. for those two, it's really a stroke of luck that half of their family are vampires. Especially for Amy. And it'll take a weight off of your parent's shoulders. If it really comes that far and they need a guardian, pretty sure we, or Harry and Clara would be the better guardians for them. Or at least have an easier time with all of it."
Rosie watched Charlie and Papa unload the shopping cart for a moment, before it became rather boring, so she turned and walked over to Viktor (it
"No, I really don't think that. I mean I know that that's a major part of your life, so I get that you want to talk about him. Besides I think he's an alright guy, so I wouldn't mind having him over every every now and then."
John chuckled at that and shook his head a little at the how unlikely the two of them meeting like that was. "That he sure is. And you'll have to ask that Sherlock, not me. What are you doing here by the way?"
"Erm, he said that he's still figuring things out, but he didn't hang up when I mentioned it, so there's that, I guess." John said, smiling wryly. "He's not willing to call him, but two of us are still welcome to visit them. And he, erm... was, well he said some... nice things to me." John said with a slight smile.
"You better hang on to what Sherlock is saying. He's got some experience." "Yeah, I'll make sure I will." John said after a moment; though, of course he was going to talk to Sherlock about this more.
Rosie nodded, "Yeah! He said that we're both coming home with him and John! Well he didn't say John, but John is living with him, so I think he will be there too!" she said happily.
"I'm glad to hear that. Especially that you two don't get on each other's nerves. I mean, I love Paul, but we do need breaks from each other here and there." Violet said with a chuckle. "I think with every other person that'd be the case for me too." John commented, a smile flickering across his face.
"I suppose..." Sherlock said and shrugged lightly, "I guess we'll see how he's going to act around me the next time we'll visit." he mumbled and sighed again, he had admittedly secretly felt a little smug that he was able to make John's father overlook the fact that he was his son's boyfriend and see him an otherwise somewhat likeable person (which was more of an achievement than it sounded like), but now he felt like that he had just ruined that.
Charlie frowned, even though she was kinda curious to see what Sherlock was like in his actual teens. "By the way, just out of interest" She began as she followed her foster Dads outside "How old would Lowell be these days?"
"You're welcome." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "Can you still do me the favour of talking to my mum? I'll tell her about this anyway and I'd really rather you have someone to talk about this, you know.. having a vampire therapist is incredibly useful, really. And well, smart or not, whatever we learn it is probably going to be traumatising, so.. just give it a shot." he said, hoping Charlie actually would, he did really trust her, but he did want to have his mother on board to help Charlie to deal with this.
"You're right, my logic was flawed there." Charlie chuckled, before greeting John too. "Hey John" She smiled, before looking back to Rosie. “Normally I'd ask if you got everything, but by the looks of it asking if the shops have got anything left would be more appropriate." He murmured into Sherlock's ear as he sat down next to him.
Charlie shrugged, though she'd clung onto the photograph. "I was two, there isn't all that much to forget. They lived in the suburbs, so I figure that that's where they're lying. ...But if I don't gave relatives though, who'd be paying for a grave in the first place?"
"So.. how do you want to do it?" Sherlock asked and smiled at John, "Cotton bud or should I just .. well.. lick your finger.. that sounds naughtier than it is.." he said and laughed softly as he sat down next to John and carefully removed the plaster from John's finger. "Ah, it doesn't bleed any more.. I actually don't think you'll feel much of a high at this point.. it'll heal faster than it's got time to spread.." he said and gave a shrug, "I don't think you'll feel anything, actually. Perhaps a small itch.. like the normal itch you sometimes have when something heals."
"Well.. he told me to leave.." Sherlock said and shrugged lightly, "I wasn't sure if he meant the house or the room, but.. well, we know how that ended..."
Sherlock smiled, "Well, don't let them talk you into keeping the picture at the station. I really do want it at home.. although.. we should tell her to go with A4 next time. I'm not sure how many A3 drawings will fit on our fridge." he chuckled.
Viktor's eyes widened a little at that, though he tried to keep the utter shock from his face. 'he has way too much he could even spend in his life'...? "You know, Rosie, something tells me your father would rather you didn't talk to people about money. Adults just usually don't really like that."
"We're married too and you're my cousin so don't worry about that." Clara said with a chuckle. "In that case I'm in too" Janine said and watched Clara putting the empty bottle onto the table and spinning it. A few seconds later it landed on her wife. "What a start; Truth or dare, darling?" She asked with a chuckle.
"The difference being that we think is dressed up today, was the equivalent of jeans and T-Shirt back then." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "There are always things you can't appreciate until they change."
"I've been re-watching a few of my parents' tapes." Charlie said with a smile and glanced to the paused TV screen, before sitting up. "That one's my favourite actually. went out on a trip to Regent's park. In two minutes a pigeon is gonna steal a cracker right out of my father's hand." She said with a chuckle, before hesitating for a moment. "Would you like to see?"
Emma snickered, "Maybe he doesn't like ballet too much, but he's having fun when he can make kids happy.." she said and looked back at her husband, "That's the man I fell in love with, you know.. not the grumpy stubborn git he turned into the last years after Harry came out.. I've actually had my doubts about our marriage lately, but since you're with Sherlock and especially since he's seen Richard again.. he's more relaxed and.. happier.. I really didn't think you being with a man would be what it takes but.." she chuckled, giving a small shrug.
"Right, and uncle Paul plays the piano." John said with a chuckle. "Granted, that seems like a great gift for them. But I won't have them practicing upstairs during my exams."
"Yeah, looks like her. But no, I don't know her at all." Charlie said and glanced away, beginning to feel a bit guilty about the whole thing. Should she have told him beforehand?
Sherlock sighed, "Fine.." he murmured and wiggled a bit under the blanket, still feeling too warm. "Guess why I'm sweating though.. can I at least have a fan or something?" he croaked
Sherlock smiled at that, "I love you too.." he said and snuggled closer up to John, closing his eyes again, "And by the way.." he said with tired chuckle, "You do taste terribly good.."
"Oh, okay. That should be no problem. I'll talk to Paul and text you in the morning, alright?" She replied and got to her feet.
"No.. you're right." Sherlock said and gave a small shrug, emptying his glass before he grabbed the kettle to start on Charlie's tea.
John nodded, the smile slipping from his face a little. "From your perspective certainly. For me this is like walking through a museum to be honest." He said with a bit of a chuckle, before slipping his phone back into his back pocket and swallowed. "Tell me, when you've decided by the way. Anyway, shall we go to your camp now?"
Sherlock wakes up to find himself curled in John's arms, feeling safe and warm and loved even though he knows John doesn't want him that way. At least that's what he thinks until he realizes that John has a nice big hardon pressing against his ass. He wiggles a bit and John moans but that's a mistake because then John wakes up and scoots away looking all embarassed when Sherlock turns to face him. "It's all good," he reminds his friend but John frowns.
“Married doesn’t mean I can't cheat once and a while,” Sherlock mumbles. John’s hands drift to his hair, he’s tugging on those thick dark curls and grinding his crotch up to meet Sherlock’s downward strokes of his mouth. He rakes his tongue over John’s dick and then slides back up to suck hard on his knob, and John’s hips buck up and he knows he won’t last much longer. “Gonna cum,” he gasps and Sherlock hums.
"Oh I know John I can tell" Sherlock purrs, rubbing his hand harder against the bulge in John's underwear. "Let me take it out and look at it, please John?" He gives him the puppy dog eyes and John's breathing gets harder and so does his dick when Sherlock squeezes it a little.
"Forever," Sherlock tells him then kisses him again before slipping back down and taking John's dick back into his mouth. He sucks hard this time, squeezing John's balls again and hallowing his cheeks and making little smacking contented noises like a baby on a tit. Johns hands are digging into his shoulders and his head is back with his eyes shut tight and Sherlock can tell he's about to cum. He makes a humming noise again and sucks harder still, and suddenly John's shouting and swearing and his hot delicious cum is filling Sherlock's mouth. He swallows it all down, every drop, and licks John's dick head when he's finished. "Do you want to watch me get off?" he asked as he stroked his dick. John nodded and sat back on his heels his face flushed and eyes heavy. He watches while Sherlock starts to stroke himself, skimming his hands over his balls and making sure to rub the hood over his dick head. He's been leaking precum and he smears some on one finger then puts it up to his lips and licks it, smacking his lips again. "Not as good as yours but it'll do," he says Then he smears more on his lips and darts out his tongue and John accepts the invitation. He kneels back up and kisses him, holding him close enough that their naked chests are rubbing together. Sherlock's nipples get hard and he knows he won't last long but that's fine because he just wants to smear his cum all over John's belly and lick it off again. Then he wants to drag John to his bedroom and show him what it mans to be properly fucked.
John knows it’s always been risky, hiding his true status, but he’d rather be mistaken for a Beta than pitied for being an Omega. He’s always assumed Sherlock deduced the truth long ago but kept shut about it for whatever reason.
Shezza huffs and turns his head to grin, their faces so close it would take only the smallest movement for their lips to touch. “Fuck me Doc” he says hoarsely and John kisses him hard, tongue forcing its way past his lips and into his mouth where its met by Shezza’s eager tongue. The kiss is sloppy and urgent and John knows they don’t have time for this but he opens the lube while their kissing and snaps on a rubber glove. Then his finger is deep inside Shezza’s ass, probing and thrusting and soon he has two fingers in there and Shezza is moaning and wiggling his hips and John is so hard he thinks he might explode. So he opens his pants and tugs his dick free and rubs it against Shezza’s ass. He reaches around and rubs his dick as well, and then he slicks up his asshole because he really can’t wait any more.
Right now John's staying at Baker street because he’s too mad to look at Mary at all or talk to her because she shot Sherlock. But now hes all better and back home and pretending hes still to weak and needs John to help him get into the bath and that’s when he makes his move. He gets John all wet and John swears and Sherlock tells him to just get naked, its not like they're children. John gives him a funny look but Sherlock can do innocent and he does it now. "I'm in the tub John and I need your help with my back and I want to get clan before the water's cold so just take off your clothes and help me, please."
He does more than scent it of course; he sucks a dark mark into the overheated flesh and John groans as his hands fumble at Sherlock’s clothes. He manages to work his shirt off and runs his hands up and down the coolness of his torso. Sherlock has very little body hair and John is even more turned on than he would of thought possible as he caresses his nipples. Then Sherlock nips, hard, and John moans again.
“I’ll give you what you want if you give me some of the morphine,” the kid says pressing hot lips to John’s neck. He moans and nods knowing its wrong but his brain has gone on vacation and his dick has taken over the thinking. The kid lets go of John’s arm but is still grinding his dick against John’s ass, rubbing harder now and John’s dick is leaking with precum and he’s moaning as he fumbles open his pants and tugs them down to his ankles.
Sherlock holds up his mobile and grins. “Already did John.” Then he brushes his hand down John’s abdomen and against the head of his dick. “Any ideas how to pass the time till she gets here?
John is almost high, full of adrenaline, and his heart is pounding. The cabby is dead, good fucking riddance to that sick bastard, and Sherlock is safe. He saved him and now the two of them are heading back to Baker Street. They’re in a cab which you’d think would make him nervous but he doesn’t fucking care, he knows that only some of London’s cab drivers are evil fuckwads. So he’s got no problem climbing into the back seat with Sherlock sprawled out next to him. He tries not too look at him because every time he does they both start giggling again like fucking schoolgirls but of course he can feel Sherlock looking at him and so he turns his head and sucks in a breath because Sherlock doesn’t look like he wants to giggle. No, his face is right there next to John’s, his lips are parted and his eyes are wild, the pupils dilated and making his aquamarine eyes look black in the dimness.
Molly gasped out John’s name and then says Sherlock’s and starts rocking herself between the two of them. Sherlock kisses he hard and then starts sucking on her neck and John is doing it too only now he and Sherlock are kissing each other and licking her at the same time. She cums quick and John knows he won’t be long because its too good, too intense and he groans as he pumps hard into her and then shudders and rocks while he cums. Sherlock comes after that and Molly is dripping with their cum as she rolls over to one side of Sherlock’s bed.
After looking at the bathroom door like he's afraid someones gonna walk in on them, John finally drops the washcloth in the tub and pulls his underwear down to his knees. Sherlock kneels up and leans over so his mouth is just over the head of John's dick. "Mmm, look at that, just as nice as I thought it would be," he purrs, then leans down and just barely touches the red tip with his tongue. John moans and his hips give a little thrust like he didn't mean to but can't help himself, and Sherlock knows he has him. "I just wanna put my mouth on the nice dick John, can I do that? Will you let me?"
Sure enough when he gets home Mary can smell what happened and goes into a rage. He reminds her that she’s fucked him over in the past, she screams at him that he said he’d forgiven her and they both say some nasty things to one another. It ends with him packing his things and leaving for Baker Street that very night. “I’ll still go to your scans and appointments,” he tells Mary as he heads for the door. “We’ll work out custody after the divorce.” Then he leaves and although it hurts a bit – he hates to fail at anything – knowing he has Sherlock and maybe even Molly makes it easier.
Later when their lying in Sherlock’s bed together John grins. “So when are you gonna call Molly, Shezza?”
His hands slide down Sherlock’s body and stop at the waistband of his jogging pants. He hesitates for a second then drops his hands into Sherlock’s pants and cups his dick, so hard and heavy and already the glands at the base are bulging and ready to form his knot. John moans and cups Sherlock’s balls and Sherlock growls again and wrenches John’s own pants off, tearing them with a surge of lust fueled strength. He drops to his knees and John gets dizzy at the sight of an Alpha kneeling between his legs but when Sherlock’s mouth lands on his dick he stops thinking and wraps his hands around Sherlock’s head, and grabs his curls as he jerks his hips in order to get his dick deeper into Sherlock’s mouth.
Its too bad Shezza can’t be who Sherlock is all the time John thinks when he’s getting dressed and ready to head for home and Mary. But Molly’s right; he shouldn’t be wasting his valuable brain on drugs. Maybe one day he’ll find a way to be Sherlock and Shezza without the drugs, at least he hopes he can.
God he’s had fantasies about that mouth even if he never expected them to be anything but that, and Sherlock doesn’t disappoint. He runs his tongue along John’s dick and reaches around to slip his fingers along John’s ass which is weeping with moisture, slick and ready and just aching to be knotted. “Sherlock please," he begs but Sherlock pulls his mouth away and glares up at him. “Call me Shezza,” he growls and John isn’t sure if it’s because he wants them to still be undercover or if its because being Shezza makes this easier somehow. But it doesn’t matter in the end so all he does is nod and gasp out “Shezza” and Sherlock rewards him by putting his mouth back on his dick and nearly swallowing it to the base.
“Are you sure you don’t want this?” And suddenly Sherlock’s dick is gone but its replaced by his mouth and his tongue, circling John’s ass, thrusting inside suddenly and causing John to shout and buck but Sherlock has a tight hold of him and is thrusting his tongue in and out rhythmically like hes fucking him, and John is moaning at the sensation. It feels bloody fantastic but its not enough, he needs more and he begs Sherlock again for his dick, for his knot and the stupid stubborn Alpha shakes his head no. “Not yet John,” he says. “You’re gonna cum for me this way first. Then I’ll knot your properly, get you up the duff before your heat’s over, make you mine the way you should of been all along but I was too stubborn to realize.”
“I go by Shezza,” he says cockily and with a grin he sinks to his knees. His hair is a mess of dark curls revealed when the shoves down his hood and his eyes are still gorgeous even though John can see they’re redrimmed and a tiny bit bloodshot but he doesn’t care. He cares even less when the kid, Shezza, puts that gorgeous mouth on John’s dick and starts sucking hard, hollowing his cheeks while his hands are on John’s ass. John moans and digs his fingers into Shezzas hair twisting the curls around and tugging. Shezza makes a sound deep in his throat like he likes it so John does it again and nearly cums when Shezza makes a humming sound. “Christ!” he gasps thrusting his hips forward feeling his dick hit the back of Shezza’s throat. The kid just laughs a bit, pulling his mouth away and grinning up at John like he knows his darkest secrets. And he does because if this isn’t a dark secret, letting a junkie suck him off in exchange for drugs, John doesn’t know what is.
