Magnus laughed, shaking his head, "No, but Dean speaks very highly of you. And I finally found someone who's been alive much longer than I have."
When they got back, Dean and Castiel went separate ways immediately. Cas went to talk with Jody and Donna about their plans. They didn't have spare beds for their incoming guests so everyone was asked to bring blankets, pillows or sleeping bags. Food and security were provided by the camp. Jody and Donna were excited to see Sam again. They trusted Cas's input and instincts but they knew they could do better with Sam there too. The more the merrier, right?
"And this is... safe?" Lucifer asked with his arms crossed. He didn't like this plan any more than any of them did but he was still intrigued. Humans were so much more interesting than any of the shit he had seen in hell, or even up in heaven.
Dean and Lucifer made eye contact for a split second before Lucifer continued, "Dean was just explaining the final season of Game of Thrones."
"We'll figure it out Cas, we always do. Anyways what's the rush? It's pretty nice over here. No apocalypse hanging over our heads," Dean sighed.
"I'll try not to. Although I won't make any promises," Cas smiled. Dean buried his head into Cas, taking in every small scent and detail as he possibly could.
"Yes, that. I can do that and extract a small piece of the human soul that we will require for the spell." Cas said nodding.
Cas yanked his hand away, eyes wide, "Dean, Dean, it's through here. I'm sure of it. Come on." Dean sighed but grabbed the other angel blade in his hands just in case, following Cas into the never-ending crowd of trees. Cas led the way, trekking over broken branches from the previous night's thunderstorm. Dean followed him, groaning as he got bitten by some mosquitoes, or when he almost tripped and fell over.
Dean bit his lips. Cas realised Dean did this a lot when he was worried or unsure. He placed a thumb across Dean's lips, cupping his face.
"Sorry I made you wait. I'm a bit dumb like that," Dean laughed lightly.
Jody spoke with Cas, trying to figure out Dean but Cas didn't say much on the matter. When she tried to approach Dean on the matter, he made a lame excuse about being exhausted and brushed it off.
Maggie bent over Rosaline's dead body, bawling her eyes out. Cas quickly looked at Dean, who was watching Maggie.
Ella's eyes sparkled with excitement, "oh I'm so glad you asked."
Catch by TJ Stafford
"Why is that?" Jack asked, standing a bit away from them. Cas remained quiet refusing to answer. There was still so much Sam and Dean didn't know.
-nethmi
"Dean,
"What are those markings?" Dean asked, pointing to the deflect rune on Alec's neck.
Sam narrowed his eyes confused, "Sure?"
"Do you ever stop flirting?" Cas asked.
. There's a difference."
"Why do people love sex so much? There's so much sex on this show," Castiel muttered to no one in particular.
Cas bent his head a little to place a gentle kiss on Dean's lips. His hands were tight around Dean's waist. Sometimes Dean wanted to kick himself in the head because he could have had this with Cas a long ass time ago if he hadn't been so blind.
"If you leave now, don't you EVER come back!" Dean yelled, his anger taking over him again. Cas didn't look back as he pulled himself away from Dean's grasp, walked away and just continued walking. Dean stood there, unable to comprehend what just happened. Cas left him. His angel left him. And Cas was never coming back. Not this time.
"Dean and I have been good friends for a while now," Cas said.
pleased to see you," Magnus laughed, wrapping his hands around Alec's waist, "And you two?"
Once Magnus was certain, he used his magic to rip Dean out of the shackles. There was a huge clatter as the chains broke free. Dean's eyes opened as he felt the magic pulling him. Once Dean was free, Magnus pulled Dean from the ground. He hovered in the air for a split second before Magnus sent Dean directly into Castiel's arms. Dean collapsed into Cas's body, even Alec was a little surprised. The ruckus caused Hecate to turn around, eyes flaring with so much rage as she realised her prisoner was free, and that Magnus Bane was standing before her.
Hobo Rocket- Barns Courtney
"Nothing, I'm just- anxious. About tomorrow, the spell, and everything," Dean said, suddenly starting to panic. What if the spell didn't work? What if they couldn't get the piece of the soul? What if the rift didn't reopen? What if they got stuck here? Would anyone notice they were gone? Claire? Donna? Jody? His mind was spiralling, and it was getting really hard to breathe. His heart palpitations increased, and everything just felt
"I know Cas, I see the way he looks at you, the way he acts around you. You know when I was a child, Cas possessed me, and I felt it then too. He was always fond of you. So, none of this makes any sense," Claire said, staring at Dean.
When Sam realised Dean wasn't going to speak, he did. He explained their world to the newcomers, about how their demons could not shapeshift and more about Heaven and Hell. This left even Magnus in shambles.
"Are you hurt?" He immediately asked. Jack shook his head. Cas untied him quickly and checked up on the boy.
“Dean, it’s better if you didn’t know…” Sam said, fiddling with his thumbs, which was not helpful at all. If anything, this infuriated Dean even more.
to be polite, right?
Cas paused, watching Dean carefully.
"Of course not!" Cas replied raising his voice to match Dean's, "I never wanted this for you! I never want you to risk your life for this fight! We will find another way, Dean,
"Let's go back home, Dean," Sam said, without asking for an explanation.
Cas looked at him, "Shoot."
"Actually I can," David said, smirking lightly.
Remember to stay inside and wash your god damn hands people.
Sam smirked, "A little bit, yeah. But nobody here blames you. Maggie was just hurt and upset, you get it. Dean, I was there... That day… This almost broke Cas, so I can't imagine the shit you went through."
"Dean, it's me. You have to wake up," Cas said. He was so focused on Dean that he didn't see Jack and Sam hurriedly stumbling into the room.
"I think he felt it. He felt you," Sam said.
pathetic
"I'm sorry, Castiel. I just wanted to give you an idea," Inias said, "You've been good to us here, but David's started threatening to kick people out who don't side with him."
"Heya, little brother," Dean grinned. He met Cas's eyes and mouthed a small "thank you" to Cas.
lives at risk instead? Come on, Cas, we both know what this is about."
"I can't go back there."
Dean gazed back down at his hands, his fingers fiddling together as if he didn't know what else to do with them.
Cas silently nodded following Dean back to his room. Cas spotted David on the other end of the hallway watching them both like a fucking hawk, but Cas just avoided his eye altogether. He wasn't in the mood for another argument.
"Dean? Dean," Cas went over to Dean.
Dean hugged Cas tighter and watched the sun rise above the horizon, painting the sky with pale exuberant morning colours. Cas was right, as he always was. He was going to be okay.
Dean just nodded, and Cas withdrew his hand quickly, feet moving hastily through the unstable ground below them. Cas kept close to Dean this time around, a little worried but Dean could stand his ground well.
Lay by me- Ruben
Night drew in faster than they could anticipate. Dean said he wasn't hungry, which he wasn't, so there was no need to open the packaged food today. Cas found them an old abandoned building so Dean could get a few hours rest. It was pitch black, and the night was so quiet you could hear a simple crunch of leaves under Dean's boots.
"So this boy Jack, he's your
"I know. Cas- I know," Dean looked very comfortable, and dare he say it, a little bit afraid, "you mean a lot to me, Cas. You're family. And I- I should have done better."
Cas stared down at his hands on his lap, "I was responsible for it."
"We have a vague idea of the area, so tomorrow we'll split up and search the forest. Can't be too far," Sam said.
"I'm sorry, WHAT?" Dean yelled, bouncing up from his seat. Cas held him back with one hand. David smirked a little, watching them like a prey about to devour his next meal.
"Oh, for fuck's sake, not this again," Dean sighed, exasperatedly, "what a
can you help?”
"Dean, uh,
Dean stared at the message and sighed, turning off his phone. He'll be with Cas soon enough.
“You won’t. I forgave you, but now you need to forgive yourself. I miss you, Dean,” Cas said. Dean closed his eyes letting his heavy headrest on Cas.
"Wait a sec," Dean said as he rushed up to Cas and whispered in his ear, "Call me if you find anything okay? And I'll do the same."
"Bullshit," Dean grunted.
"Here," Sam said snapping him out of his trance. He was holding a sausage roll offering it to Dean, wine in his other hand. Dean accepted and smuggled the whole thing down, very un-prince like. It was 11 pm and there was no sign of their Cinderella. There was soft music, couples slow dancing and people conversing in groups.
"What?" Cas asked, confused.
"Hey, feathers," Dean grunted, "can you turn the damn AC down? I'm freezing my balls off over here."
Dean gulped, staring at his red knuckles, "Being in purgatory again, talking to Rowena, seeing Sam with Eileen, it was all just too much. I should have stopped you, I should have fought harder for you. Cas, I don't know what to do. I don't know how to fix this, I don't know what I can say to make things right again. I broke you, you were
-------------------
It wasn't the answer any of them had expected. John's eyes went wide, Cas didn't move his hand from Dean's knee, and Sam was trying his damn best not to crack a smile.
"Jesus Christ, Dean," Cas muttered as he hooked an arm under Dean's legs, the other one supporting Dean's back and carried him out of the warehouse following Clary and Sam.
"I know dude. Anyways so, we're princes and we're meant to be the hosts of some ball the castle is holding tonight. They're bringing in princesses from all over the area and a lot of other guests. Better get ready, I think they're trying to find you a wife," Sam smirked.
Sam Dean, Castiel, and Jack entered the precinct. Sam and Jack had tracked down the detective's car to this building specifically. They found the same blonde-haired woman sitting at her desk buried knee-deep in stacks of paperwork.
The battle inside raged on. Alec and Jace fought side by side, avoiding all of the demon's attacks. Isabelle was ruthless, she managed to use her whip to knock the demon to the ground which pissed her off even more so that she sent Izzy flying to the other end of the warehouse. Alec got distracted for a millisecond, as he watched his sister get knocked unconscious, which almost cost him his life. Lucky for him, Jace pulled him back at the last moment to stop the demon from slicing him up into half. Hecate was powerful, she was able to fight Jace and Alec while also keeping Magnus at bay. But when Alec got furiously knocked down after another attack, Magnus screamed, unleashing his power out onto her.
"Well, look what we have here," Sam said, pretending to observe the paper. The step-mom frowned and her daughters complained about how there was no way Cas could have been at the ball.
When the Cas returned, Dean was pacing up and down the balcony.
Dean now looked up at Cas's striking blue eyes, "Pretty good for someone who just had some of their soul ripped away from them and travelled across to a different reality." His sarcasm earned a soft smile from the angel.
The man shook his head furiously, "No, I doubt it. We've never met." He stuffed his wallet back into his pocket.
"No." Dean sighed, packed the bag into the trunk of the impala, got into the driver's seat and slammed the door behind him. He started the ignition and drove away without a second thought.
"You betcha!" Donna squealed excitedly. Dean grinned in return, following the three women down the hallway, ignoring the suspicious eyes of strangers. Dean turned to quickly look at Cas who looked visibly much more relaxed, possibly the most relaxed he'd been since they were kicked out. Dean slowed his pace a little, enough to entangle his fingers into Cas's right hand.
Jace's mouth hung open as he watched Dean talk about Castiel.
"That's doable. Text me where to meet you," Sam said.
beat her.
Cas put his phone down as Dean sank into the bedsheets.
"How exactly did you and Dean meet? You're both very different people, but somehow... you work well together," Lucifer said, thoughtfully.
Cas grumbled something inaudible.
"Morning. You're having burnt pancakes today?" Cas asked meekly.
"We should get some rest. Sammy will be back soon," he said as Castiel nodded in agreement before the lights flickered and the wings disappeared.
"Woah Cas take it easy. You're hurt," Dean swallowed not knowing what to do. I mean how do you fix your best friend's broken angel wings? Dean had faced all kinds of problems, but this was completely new. Cas closed his eyes as though he was in incredible pain. Lights in the room flashed on and off and when they turned back on, Castiel's wings were gone.
"Are you crazy? I'm not leaving you," Cas hissed back.
Cas tilted his head, walking forward, "I have given you
I hope everyone has a great day/night :)
That's when Dean truly realised how whipped he was for this stupid angel and his stupid smile.
"So, you feel the same as before?" Cas asked, eyeing Dean up and down.
"Jesus Christ. That's it, I'm leaving," Sam said, throwing his hands in the air. Dean's smirk grew.
"I will reach into Dean and pull out a small piece of his soul," Cas said.
"You want some?" Dean asked.
Cas swung his legs over his bed and stood up, stretching.
Dean's shook his head, lips curving upwards into a small smile, that pushed away all of Cas's fears and worries in a heartbeat, "well, you found me, feathers."
"That's good. Cas is good for you. Actually, you're both good for each other-" Sam stopped abruptly.
"That seems fair," David muttered.
Cas's attention was only on Dean, silently praying he would wake up.
"I didn't know the devil wore Prada," Dean muttered under his breath but Lucifer caught his snarky comment and smiled charmingly in return.
Dean pulled out his phone and called Cas immediately.
Dean tries to settle down in his new home, but it proves to be more difficult than he had initially thought.
The room quietened down, "That's very brave of you, my dear Clary. And trust me, I appreciate you all. I love every single one of you. But this is something Dean and I have to do by ourselves. Sam will take good care of you, trust me, okay?" Cas said gently. He bent down a little to go to eye level with the girl. The whole room fell silent.
fucked up this time. So you know about how we got kicked out, right?" Claire nodded. "Well, while we were on the streets trying to make our way here, Cas and I got close. And I mean, like, really close. Days were fucking long, nights were too cold, and Cas kept me company. I've been on my own in those streets before, and it nearly drove me out of my god damn mind, Claire. But having Cas changed everything. He made sure I always had food, he made sure I was always warm. And then I went and wanted more and ruined everything."
Castiel pulled out his angel blade, Sam collected pretty much everything he could find, and fit into his jackets and little hidden places including a demon knife, angel blade, a gun and even a sachet of holy water. The Shadowhunters whipped out their seraph blades that glowed majestically in the twilight. Isabelle had her whip, Alec had his arrows and quiver, Clary had her two kindjals that looked like delicate mini swords if you will. Delicate but lethal. Jace's weapon of choice was the seraph blade.
"Okay yes. It's just- I-," Cas stuttered, "I admire you, Dean. I always have. That's why I didn't want you to go through this pain back then and now. I was always drawn to you."
"What kind of scenarios, Cas?" Dean asked, unsure if this was a safe question or not.
Clarissa nodded as Cas stood up. He met eyes with Dean and saw that Dean was tearing up.
ebore flowers, oh, that was no coincidence. He reached out and pulled the flowers from the roots. There were a few buds and a few full-grown flowers. He handed them to Dean, who frowned.
"I brought you food," Cas said. Dean thanked him and began stuffing his face. Dean was halfway into his breakfast when Sam barged in, panting heavily.
"So, what's the plan?" Dean asked, clasping his hands together.
"Give me 5 minutes to explain myself. That's all I ask," Dean said quickly. Cas narrowed his eyes but obliged and reopened the door.
Lucifer turned around to face them and clapped his hands together.
Cas lead the way, heading down the hill and towards the stream in the near distance. Cas went down to the stream and paused. He looked around, thinking, and Dean knew exactly what was running through Cas's mind. This was the same place that Dean had found Cas in purgatory YEARS ago. The same place they hugged and Dean found out why Cas had left him. The same place Dean had said "I need you" and Cas agreed to go with them. It was the same place Cas felt Dean's longing, so strong and powerful. When Dean complimented his beard and said "hey, nice peach fuzz" and softly brushed his fingers against his face, Cas had almost lost it. He spent a whole year, listening to Dean's prayers, distancing himself from Dean to keep the hunter safe. He wanted nothing more than to hold Dean in his arms and tell him that they'll make it out. But the monsters would never stop hunting them. And Cas would rather have the monster on his ass, than on Dean's. All the memories, feelings, and emotions just spiralled in Dean and Castiel's minds. Cas turned to face Dean.
Unexpectedly, he pulled Castiel in for a hug and whispered in his ear, "I know about your little feelings for Dean, angel. He's a good man- don't let him slip out of your hands." Lucifer pulled back and Cas sputtered out a little 'thanks' and looked down abashed.
"Yes, we do." Dean saw the stress and worry behind Sam's eyes.
"We're not from your world," the girl with the fire hair, Clary, spoke, "we accidentally opened a portal to your world and some demons got through. We're here to kill those demons and return. We mean no harm, honestly."
"Hey, it's okay. We can stop." Dean carefully moved his hands away.
"I'm honestly not sure, Cas. I just feel
They didn't have long until the rift would close. Cas followed Dean, as they made their way back retracing their steps. Cas was extremely quiet, and Dean sensed that something was wrong.
"I'm doing it."
"Cas?" Jack asked very confusedly.
. Dean was speechless as he realized than Castiel had saved him.
Castiel ignored his comment and continued, "it will hurt a lot, probably even more pain than what you felt, Sam. And it will take some time to heal but it is possible."
Cas breathed out trying to stay calm, "You know he is. Dean is Michael's vessel. He might be the key to stopping Michael once and for all."
"I'm Jack. My dad and I are working with Lucifer for a few days," he said enthusiastically shaking Ella's hand.
"What?" Cas asked, "She had to be stopped."
"Well, look at you, commander," Dean teased. He looked cleaned up now, no blood dripping down his head.
"You're fucking awesome, Cas. I've missed you so much," Dean said, pulling Cas into another hug, the one place Dean felt fully safe and loved.
"Yes, Dean." The trees swayed with the wind as if to say they agree. After a few quiet moments of hiking in the marsh, they came across a stream with stones protruding out of the water. Cas elegantly skipped on the stones, to the other side of the stream.
"Dean, are you okay? You seemed a bit preoccupied," Cas said.
"No."
"Dean, you need to breathe. Look at me," Cas said, maintaining steady eye contact, "Hey,
The next chapter will be a little fun sequel/extra scene :)
Cas finally looked up, "No, Dean.
and this- this is what makes you squirm?"
Jack arrived and plonked himself down next to Dean, "so what are we talking about?"
Cas shuddered when Dean's cheek brushed against his as Dean pushed up onto his elbows and their eyes met. Dean pretended like Cas's hands weren't on his waist so that he could function properly again.
Dean tried his best to ignore him and tried to march past him but David spoke up, "I'm surprised Castiel stuck around you for this long."
It was almost too good to be true.
"About damn time! Sam said we'd see you guys around," She said.
, I've seen you having meals at 4 am, Dean," Cas laughed. Dean stuffed his hands in his pockets shyly because it was true. He would wake up early sometimes, sneak into the kitchen in his robe and slippers, and reheat pasta or pizza or grab a box of cereal. He didn't think anyone knew about that though.
"Oh my god," Dean said.
It was
Thank you for reading my story!!
Dean shook his head, "I know you can. You're strong and more than capable. But we need to play our cards right here. My soul has gone through less shit than yours, I'll be fine," Dean said.
"Sam's gone?" To which Cas nodded.
Cas looked up, his expression softening as he looked at Dean, "no, come on in." Dean entered. Cas's room was nice, there was a small section of guns and weapons, a huge table with little figurines, that Dean assumed were his battle plans. Cas stood up from his desk.
Lucifer was leaning against his grand piano murmuring, "are they always this self-destructive?" to Jack who nodded in return.
Dean took his jacket off and threw it to the ground. He was so
"Cas!" Dean screamed through all of nature's natural forces encircling them. Cas didn't look up. The only thing that made sure Dean knew Cas was even alive was the unbearable screaming.
"What do you mean
Lucifer laughed, "I can see why the angel is so attached to you- you're a joy to be around."
"No, really. You're a good bunch of people, and that kid, he's an interesting one. But this isn't your home," Lucifer said with a sigh. Dean and Cas remained silent.
"I just wanted to make sure you were okay," Cas said, quietly. Dean bit his lips and started pacing up and down his room, soundlessly. Cas watched him for a bit, picking up on Dean's tense and erratic behaviour and body language. When Dean didn't say much, Cas could always read his body language.
Lucifer nodded in awe, remembering how he nearly took a bullet for Chloe or rather when Chloe put a bullet in HIM.
"Sometimes I forget you're this all powerful angel. I forget that you actually have wings since you just pop in and out everywhere. They're pretty cool. Can I see them?" Dean slowly, careful not to piss him off.
try anything! I have you surrounded," and she was right. Out of the shadows, men stepped forward with shotguns in their hands. Dean wanted to laugh. This was
They stared at each other for a bit, before Dean replied with a grin, "You're awesome, you know that? I've never had anyone accept and love me the way you do."
Dean rolled his eyes, practically ignoring everything Lucifer just said, "Listen, Cas is an acquired taste, but we hit it off pretty fast." Dean joked, and placed his arm on Cas's shoulders, easily.
"What's this about?" Dean asked, genuinely confused.
me right now?" Dean huffed looking from Sam to Cas and back.
"I'll talk to him. Thank you for telling me all this, Inias," Cas said with a sad smile.
"Yes, demons. They can shapeshift and possess humans. We're Shadowhunters, part angel, part human, and we hunt those demons," said Isabelle, the really attractive woman wearing extensive heels. Sam looked at her heels and her outfit, rather impressed that she was comfortable fighting in them.
"IT WORKED-" Sam stopped, eyes darting between Cas and Dean.
"Yeah, why not? The more the merrier right?" Lucifer replied. The detective sighed fully knowing there was no way out of this. She explained the case to Lucifer and Dean but Jack got distracted and started wondering around the precinct like a lost child. He opened the door to a different room filled with science equipment including microscopes, test tubes, flasks, and even Petri dishes. There was a young girl with dark black hair and a graphic tee flipping through the paperwork. She looked up and smiled.
Claire's frown deepened, "That doesn't sound like Cas…"
Dean's mind wandered to the other world Lucifer, a charming and still powerful celestial being who loved to joke and mess around but was still true at heart. Lucifer and Chloe worked well together in the same way Dean and Cas did. Dean couldn't believe he just became good friends with an alternate world Lucifer in such a short period. But their job was crazy and their lives were weird, there was no doubt about that. But this- this little adventure sure was one to remember.
"What?! NO!" Sam protested.
"Just a backpack and a duffle bag with our weapons," Dean said, knowing damn well Cas didn't pack anything.
Cas's gentle smile grew, "I told you already Dean. I forgave you. I just needed time and I got that. And you seem to be doing better too."
Dean grumbled but agreed. Maybe Sam was right. If they just kept their heads down and played their parts maybe they can figure this out and go home again. Sam and Dean arrived at the dining table to find Jack serving breakfast. Dean was grateful that Jack was still alongside them. They talked to find Jack has no idea what was happening either but he agreed to go along with Sam's plan. Now they just had to find Cas.
When they were finished Lucifer paid for their meals and escorted Dean out the restaurant.
"You like that?" Dean asked, observing Cas.
Dean arrived at the address he found by tracking Sam's phone. It was a massive house, well more like a whole ass mansion with an enormous decorative garden. Dean entered the house thinking
"Do you wanna talk about it? Maybe it'll help," Cas said carefully.
The Night King (GoT)- Ramin Djawadi
"Come on! It'll be fun!" Lucifer chirped.
Cas also stood up trying to calm Dean. He placed his hands out, "Dean, please. We are not putting your life at risk either. With both armies combined, we stand a chance."
The third Friday, Eileen wanted them to see Me Before You.
"Are you really that thick? This is about your angel, Castiel," Lucifer said, almost snarling.
Lucifer's eyes sparkled as he gasped over-dramatically, "Finally someone who's got
Dean went to place his gun down on the table and the drawer was open. Inside he saw a picture, of him and Cas laughing. It was taken the day he and Cas wanted to summon Raphael, and Dean took Cas to a brothel. Those were simpler times. Dean remembered saying
"Damn straight I do," Dean laughed.
friend, and the way he sees it, you're
Dean followed and halted when he saw the dead body. There was a crowd surrounding them.
"Sorry, Dad," Dean apologised on behalf of Cas, "you should leave, Cas."
"I do. But it's- complicated," Lucifer grunted, "she has come to terms with the fact that I'm the devil and
Sam looked at him with a small shrug, "Absolutely not. But let's just hear what they have to say." Alec and Jace stared at Sam as if someone slapped them across the face.
"You're a wonderful girl, Clarissa. You're smart, you're feisty and you have a lot of heart. You know who you remind me of?" Cas smiled, looking at Dean, "You're like Dean. You fight for the people you love. I want you to never stop fighting. You and your friends. Thank you for showing me what it's like to enjoy the smaller things in life, my dear." Clarissa broke down crying, so Cas wrapped her in a warm hug. Dean gazed at Cas, still moved by the little ones. Cas pulled away, placing a small kiss on her cheek.
"Cas, did you... did you get it?" Dean muttered ushering the words out. Cas nodded and Dean smiled in relief.
"I don't-" Dean started, not even knowing where he was going but was interrupted.
"So you're mortal here?" Dean asked, watching Cas.
"You thought what, Dean?"
"Like a bitch," Cas said, sitting directly across from Dean on a plastic chair.
"FUCK," he hissed, tugging his hand back. He examined the cut, it wasn't large, but it was deep.
"I hate it. I know this Lucifer is different but after everything we've been through, it's all too much. I'm tired, Sam. I just want to go home," Cas said with sad eyes to which Sam nodded in agreement. His phone on the table rang unexpectedly and Sam picked it up on the 2nd ring thinking it was Dean.
"Are you okay?" Cas asked.
"You have no idea how much that means to me," Sam said, smiling in return and straightening his back.
Dean looked up asking Cas to pass his drink over to him, "yeah she's hot. I mean, she's not like our demon bunch- she's cool." Cas rolled his eyes pushing the glass towards his friend. Cas got a bit of rest and decided to head out for a bit, leaving Dean and Jack to research anything rift-related.
And then Castiel coughed and his eyes fluttered open. Sam immediately scooped the angel in his arms tightly and pulled him to his feet.
"Castiel?" Magnus called out. Cas turned to look up at the warlock.
Lucifer watched intrigued by their complicated relationship.
Cas peaked at Dean, who stayed frozen at first but then relaxed.
Dean pulled away awkwardly, not knowing what else to say or do. Sam helped the others pull out the bodies and lay them on the ground. Dean didn't want to let go of Cas, but Cas was already walking towards the bodies. He knelt, touching two fingers to their foreheads and shaking his head. Jody left to call their deceased's friends and families and prepare a quick funeral, but Donna stayed behind. The very injured and bruised hunters left to their doctor to patch themselves back up but Cas remained. Cas stood back up, eyes fixated on Sam.
"I got your flowers," Cas said. Dean dropped the spatula on the pan with a loud cling. Dean didn’t lookup.
The screaming died down a little- but only a little. Dean, whether he knew it or not, squeezed Castiel's hand back almost cutting the blood circulation.
It's all pretty much just deancas tbh, enjoy :)
Dean frowned, "I'm not leaving without you."
"Claire? How are you…?" Cas whispered, pulling Claire into a massive bear hug. Claire held on to Cas before letting go and throwing herself onto Dean.
Cas turned to leave, but Dean spoke causing the angel to turn, "Thank you, Cas. For- for everything. I finally feel like I can breathe." And Dean, at last, got to exhale.
"I'm Castiel. And I have Dean Winchester here with me. We mean no harm, we just need your help."
Jace shrugged, "well, yeah, that's another name, I guess."
"Lay down," Cas instructed. Dean didn't complain. Staying upright was painful enough, so he very slowly laid down horizontally on Cas's left side, and watched as Cas placed a steady hand on Dean's chest. Dean felt that familiar rush of cool course through his body. But he also felt an intense heat, the same heat he felt every time Cas touched him whether that was on the shoulder, his chest, his forehead. Dean knew this wasn't from Castiel's grace.
" Sam, the health freak (as Dean would call him), complained. Jack stopped eating and looked at Sam with puppy dog eyes. Sam rolled his eyes and muttered a small "okay, just this once".
Cas squeezed Dean one final time and pulled away. When he withdrew himself, he very quickly placed a kiss on Dean's cheek. It was so fast that Dean was scared he imagined it. But Cas had that sneaky annoying sparkle in his eyes that said otherwise. Sam was smirking and smiling in the background while helping Rowena clean up the mess, and pretending like he didn't see his older brother turn a new shade of pink.
"Okay, alright, we'll figure this out. Either way, I'm glad Dean has you. I'm glad Dean has someone willing to fight for him. He's never really had that, you know? When we were kids, Dean was more of a father to me that our dad was. He gave up everything to raise me right. And it's about time someone looked after
Dean thought.
Dean had been hoping for a different answer but he kept his mouth shut.
Cas crossed his arms, "Bet you enjoyed finding your
Sam elbowed Dean furiously so Dean corrected himself, "I mean, your daughters are also allowed to try if they want but…" He could HEAR Sam's voice in his head screaming
Dean asked suddenly.
"Well, we-" Sam began but stopped when Lucifer held his hand up. His eyes were studying the angel. Castiel shifted uncomfortably.
"I think the worst one was on your birthday. You were so happy, Dean," Cas glanced up, meeting Dean's eyes, "You had this incredible bright smile on your face when Sam brought out the cake I made for you." Cas's eyes shifted as he looked back down again.
"Please, make it
Cas talked with Sam, giving him his plans, maps, tips, and just about everything. Sam knew he could always call Cas if shit went south. They were about to leave when Clarissa sprinted up to Cas. Dean looked at her fond and lovingly. Cas bent to meet her at eye level.
Dean opened his eyes again, now staring at Cas, "I'm sorry." He grumbled out.
look, the look that said
Dean's heart stopped when he saw his little brother storm up to him, wrapping his massive muscular arms around the hunter almost suffocating him. Dean let go of Cas, so he could hug Sam back.
Dean gripped the machete firmly in his hands, while Cas pulled out his machete. Michael told them that the flower they were looking for, the Leviathan Blossom, usually grew near the stream. Dean knew purgatory inside out; the stream was a few hours away. They had landed in the middle of a forest. Dean glanced around, realising they had to walk downstream for a few hours to find the body of water. Dean took the lead, swinging the machete in his hands ready to use it if necessary.
"Shit, let him go," Dean ordered. Cas held his gaze, almost daring John to make another move.
Sam sighed, "Listen, Dean. I don't know what you're going through. But just take it slow, okay? Get some rest and some proper food in you for a change."
"What? And leave you to get into trouble again? I think not."
"We're a mess, aren't we?" Dean laughed.
When Dean woke up, he turned slowly and crashed into another warm body. The alarms in his head went off until he felt a tough layer of clothing clutching between his fingers and realised it was a trenchcoat. Dean slowly opened his eyes, it was pitch black even though his watch said 8 am. He could make the faint outline of Cas's body. Dean turned on his bedside lamp, annoyed that he didn't have natural lighting in his room. He finally got a closer look at the angel sleeping next to him. Cas looked peaceful like he was in a really deep sleep. Dean realised his legs were tangled into Cas's, and his head was resting on Cas's left arm instead of his puffy pillow. Something about this made his heart turn a few times in his chest. Dean also realised he was fully healed. No cuts, bruises or broken ribs. He felt incredible.
Castiel's wings were as black as the night sky with a hint of a rainbow that you could only see if the light rays hit the feathers at the right angle. It was truly remarkable.
After his phone call, Sam sprinted down the arid hallways of the bunker and halted at Dean's door.
"There's really no need for this," the evil step-mom said. Cas stopped nervously, not sure if he should continue or stop.
"I'll be fine," Dean said, replying to Lucifer but his gaze was on Cas. There were little butterflies that erupted in Castiel's stomach. Cas rolled up his sleeves, prepping.
"There's something else I need to tell you," Cas said. Dean could feel nervous energy radiating off the angel.
One by one, the kids and teenagers stood up, cheering on Cas. Dean was so star-struck he didn't have it in him to be pissed anymore. Cas was touched. These are the kids he spoke to every day. He laughed with them, he looked after them like they were his own. Sam was beaming, his eyes quickly making contact with Cas.
"Yes. But Jack was most fond of Sam first, I think," Cas forced a smile. Sam smiled back, thankful for his kind words.
His brother held him close, "Let's find a motel and crash there for tonight, okay?" Dean looked at his brother, and suddenly he felt small. He was the one who was supposed to be looking after Sam. But at that moment, he nodded, letting Sam look after
, jackass. Not king until you find your queen."
Dean smiled, "Cas, can we talk?"
“Dean, forget about it,” Cas tried.
"No, Sam. I'm sorry. I don't have that kind of power anymore. But…" Cas trailed off. He knelt on the other side of Dean's bed, opposite Sam. He took Dean's free hand in his.
Dean quickly shut up when the movie started. Cas joined him, moving closer and closer to Dean. They were 10 minutes into the movie and Dean had to admit, it wasn't as bad as he thought it was. Sam gave Dean another one of those looks and Dean made a mental note to kick his brother's ass later. Nevertheless, Dean yawned and cautiously placed his arm around the back of the couch. Cas yawned next, and moved closer to Dean, his eyes flickering in between sleep and wakefulness. Angels didn't need to sleep but because Cas was weaker than normal, he slept to recharge. Dean moved a bit closer, an invitation for Cas to lay his head on Dean's chest.
"Oh… of course, I mean typically," Dean replied unfazed. Maze stared at him like she was trying to send silent daggers with her bare eyes.
"You look
"Dad, this is Castiel. He's- uh- he's an angel," Dean said, cautiously, "and Cas, this is our dad, John."
"You know what Dean means to me. He's family, and I can't- I
"How do we fix this? How do we wake him up?" Jack asked, but the angel didn't have an answer.
The broken angel pulled away, watching Dean earnestly.
a shock to you?"
Cas looked up, "look after Jack and don't get into trouble. I say that for both of you. If anything happens to Jack, that's on you," Dean nodded firmly. Dean fucked around a lot and enjoyed having fun but when it came to their son or anything serious, he straight up just shut his mouth and did his work. He might seem unbothered half the time, but he was a father and he had a responsibility to look after Jack.
Cas rolled his eyes a little, "Anyways, did you pack your things?"
Dean waited until the door shut behind Cas, and exhaled. He couldn't move, he couldn't breathe.
"Oh hey! How did you get my number?" Sam asked walking around the table to get his muscles working again.
"Yeah. This is okay with you?" Dean asked nervously.
"Who is he, Sam? Cas? That's his name right? I met him today and got caught in a fucking storm that came out of nowhere. He told me to ask you. So start talking or I'll take your god damn kneecaps," Dean grumbled. He grabbed a clean shirt and put it over his chest, along with a clean pair of trousers, and sat down opposite Sam. Sam looked shell shocked and nervous.
Cas nodded, and went to his tent to find one of his men glaring back at him.
"Damnit Cas, I said
All the best,
Cas stopped walking, and faced Dean, "No. You know what? We need to talk. I keep thinking about what Rowena said, about losing time. We need to
Cas nodded furiously, "Nature is incredible and should be appreciated more. Are you tired? Would you like to stay with me and get some rest?"
He danced perfectly, spinning on his heels and went back into Dean.
Cas felt Dean freeze beside him, his breathing gradually increasing.
I will be putting song suggestions for each chapter (did this before in one of my other stories and thought it was fun). All songs are from my Dean playlist: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5ZyL568OCIJiZifMDdYS9a?si=U15m3K2xR-aXZ6Zl8SWYfg
"Most of it was on hunts. We would be on different hunts, just us, but some of them were really pleasant too. Thanksgiving dinner, Christmas, New Year's Eve, your birthday…" Cas droned on. Dean's eyes went wide in shock. He had no idea Cas had been tortured to this extent and his blood boiled at the mere thought of it.
The night drew in very slowly, and soon enough it was pitch black.
Times they are changing...
"Where's Castiel?" Michael asked. Dean stared at him speechless. He just left Cas in Purgatory… again.
"Jesus," Cas moaned, placing his hands on Dean's waist desperately trying to get him off but with little success.
"Take a wild guess," Cas said, bitterly. Dean looked up at Cas who had the sourest look on his face.
The coming Friday, Sam said he wanted to take Eileen to the play showing at their local theatre. So, Dean and Cas continued movie night without Sam and Eileen. But now without the other pair, the tension became intolerable. Dean couldn't focus on the movie one bit.
"What the fuck-?" Dean asked, closing the door behind him so the poodle wouldn't escape.
They would go on hunts as much as they could: a vampire here, a ghost there and a werewolf in between. Sam and Eileen wanted to have a movie on Fridays after the long week was over. Dean was hesitant towards the idea at first, but after seeing how excited his little brother, Cas and Eileen were, he agreed to join and give it a shot. They decided to pick movies in rotation so Sam was the first and picked a movie he and Dean enjoyed since they were kids. The first night was pleasant but a little awkward, or at least that's what Dean felt like. Sam and Eileen cuddled up together under a velvet soft blanket, placing gentle loving kisses between scenes. Sam laid down across the couch with Eileen's small figure was pressed up against him, as they watched the movie. Dean and Cas stayed on the other couch, a few inches apart. The distance was agonising and almost unbearable. Cas was too transfixed by the movie but Dean's eyes were on the angel, admiring the way Cas squinted his eyes when he didn't understand what was going on, or how he fiddled with his thumbs when he got bored. Sam caught Dean staring at Cas a few times, and eyed him as if to say "make your move, dumbass" but Dean never did.
"The first time he saw me, his eyes went wide, almost like he recognised me. It was really weird, Sam."
Clary ran up to Magnus the moment she saw him appear out of the warehouse. She tried to explain everything, but then ran out of breath soon enough.
Dean bit his lips, the tears about to snake out, "Shit, I can't lose you. I lost mom, I lost Jack, we lost Rowena, I can't lose you too."
"You gonna tell Cas?" Sam asked.
By the time Magnus was finished, the other Shadowhunters came up to them.
," Dean cried out again and squeezed Sam's hand. Sam held his brother close, trying to ease the pain. Cas remained frozen to the floor. His eyes were shut. He remembered Dean in hell, begging, to make it all stop. It was like he was re-reading it all from a script.
"That's not for you to decide, Sammy."
“I can’t do this, anymore. Every time I look at you, I just- I end up puking my guts out,” Dean said quietly.
"What happened to you? No matter how many times you got beaten down, you always picked yourself back up."
, and what? Now you just expect me to let you walk into the fire? Into your death?"
Dean gulped, afraid to speak because he knew Cas could snap him in half if he wanted, "I just don't know what to believe." was all Dean could manage to squeak out.
Clary drew her new tracking rune to check for more demons just in case. "All clear. This world is rid of our demons." She announced.
"He's- he's remembering," Cas muttered.
"And you were king of hell," Jack smirked at him, trying to lighten the mood. Lucifer patted Jack's back lightly snickering and went over to the other couch.
Dean frowned, "Sounds good, but have you considered your other option?"
Dean sighed, putting his head in his hands hoping to just wake up in the bunker the next day.
Cas opened his mouth to say something but then stopped because he realised there were no words that could fix this mess. Dean pulled the door open and got in, sliding the keys in to start the car. Castiel didn't say a word either but he entered the passenger's seat and they drove back in complete silence. The silence was probably so much worse than Dean's hateful words.
Dean kept wondering, thinking about all the times Cas had risked his life for him. How Cas had done everything in his power to keep him safe. Running away from monsters in Purgatory. Fighting Naomi's mind control. Betraying his own brothers and sisters. Killing angels and breaking Heaven. All of it had been for Dean.
Cas stayed with Dean who was still asleep.
Sam's phone rang a second later.
The sixth night, Dean almost tripped as he left a white chrysanthemum by the table. Truth and a loyal love.
"I won't tell a soul."
"We're ready, let's start," Sam said. Dean and Cas didn't take their eyes off each other.
Dean nodded watching his brother guide the scared woman away. Cas cleaned the angel blade and stuffed it back into his jacket. It was weird seeing Cas like this without his trenchcoat and suit. Cas was wearing normal clothes with a black jacket over his shirt. He looked so… human.
"No, not Cas. I wouldn’t do that to him.”
"Alright, alright."
Claire's eyes widened, "Not to be invasive or anything, but what's going on with you two? You've always been close friends but now…"
“I hurt you. I hurt you, and I can never take that back,” Dean said, the weird uneasy feeling coming back from his stomach up to his throat. Dean groaned as he threw up again.
-long chapter!
Dean had some more trouble sleeping but it didn't take long for him to doze off.
Dean put his hands up defensively, "Woah, hey, not our fault. Not this time anyway. Sammy and I were working case here and we couldn't figure it out. And then these guys showed up out of nowhere!"
"I- Cas, I love you. I can't help it. I've tried to make it stop, but I just can't help it. I need you to know that- that I love you," Dean exhaled.
Dean felt the room spin when he asked, "And Cas?"
Dean and Castiel stepped through the rift Michael had created, and into the place Dean swore he would never return to: Purgatory.
"Dean, I'm not going back," Cas said slowly. Dean stopped in his steps and stared at Cas.
It was 3 weeks later when he met Castiel again. Cas didn't have time to hurry away because Dean caught up and pulled him into the busted and dirty alleyway.
Dean entered to find the motel room messy. Tissues were laying on the table, bottles of beer on the floor that he didn't comment on.
," Cas said. Dean smiled swaying with Cas. Cas just sighed and put his head on Dean's chest. Perhaps the only thing that wasn't completely bonkers in this mad fairytale was the fact that he was slow dancing with Cas.
"Dean, I understand your desire to jump into danger, but we can't put your life at risk," Cas said calmly.
Dean smiled, "Thanks for the offer, Cas. But I- um- don't want your guys thinking I'm sleeping with the commander. Or that you have a favourite. You have a reputation to keep. I see the way they look at us, anyway, I'm not a
Castiel was resting and was stirred awake by a shrilling scream that echoed into his room. He immediately recognized it as Dean's voice. His heart froze in place but he managed to scramble out of bed, sprinting down the hall.
"It's alright, I've seen it before," Dean replied.
"Thanks," Cas grumbled. Halfway through the movie, Cas fell into a deep sleep on Dean's shoulder. Cas cuddled into Dean's chest, and Dean made sure he was comfortable. Even in his sleep, Cas subconsciously reached out for the hunter. He took Cas's hand without a second thought.
Dean scowled and muttered, "well I'm driving this crappy car, so you tell me."
to him." David's taunts were like an itch you couldn't quite scratch.
"You know damn well I will never leave Dean. Not again. If they're going to kick him out, I'll go with him. I can keep him safe, keep him warm and fed and make sure he doesn't die on the streets. But that means I'll need someone to run things here…"
The dream shifted.
"Cas, so you searched for Dean for a whole year? How come he never bumped into us?" Claire asked curiously, determined to change the topic.
Cas entered his tent with a plate of food and a cup of coffee early in the morning. He saw Dean quickly pull down his shirt as he entered.
Dean covered his face with the palms of his hands.
"Fucking hell," Dean muttered into the darkness. He laid awake, staring into the void, thinking everything over in his head. Cas was suffering. Even at this moment, Dean, himself, was fine. He was okay. Nightmares were now a part of him, he didn't let them get to him. But Cas was in agony- constantly fighting, never letting his guard down, unable to see his friends, his family, spending months and months alone. Dean couldn't bare it.
"Well… I think Dean is right this time. Sam, your soul has already been through so much torment from when it was in the cage. I wouldn't advise you to go through with this…" Cas said and after a pause, he continued, "But I wouldn't advise Dean either."
And with that Castiel left the room leaving Dean baffled. Dean's mind was still in tangles. His angel had saved his life (as he had done a thousand times before) but this time it was different. Castiel hadn't hesitated for a second when he had pulled Dean away from the bullets. He hadn't hesitated when he used his own wings to protect Dean. Even when he was bleeding and hurt, his first concern was to make sure Dean was okay. Dean remembered how Castiel had held him as if he was the most important thing in the world. How Castiel has squeezed him tighter to keep him safe. How he had pushed away all that pain to make sure the hunters didn't worry about him because their enemies were still running free. All these thoughts scrambled through Dean's mind. His final thought was,
"Where the hell am I?" Dean muttered. He got up, a little nervous and unsure where he was. He took another glance at the room and then opened the large gold plated door. It crooned as it swung open and Dean slowly walked outside. He passed by another room, knocked and peeked in to find Sam in his bed surrounded by books.
"I know."
"What else aren't you telling me?" Cas asked, picking up on Dean's anxiety and got right to the point.
"We hunt this fucker down in broad daylight when it's resting, rescue the hostages and light it's ass on fire," Dean said, fake smiling.
"Just friends," Both Dean and Cas answered simultaneously, and maybe a little too quickly. Magnus snickered, and Alec quickly nudged him to stop.
"When you love, you love fiercely, Dean Winchester. I've always admired that," Cas pulled back. He traced Dean's jawline very carefully.
Dean thought.
Cas smiled, "Thank you. And yours are very green."
"He's been poisoned again," Clary said observing Dean, "there, on his neck, there's a wound that's different from the rest. It's deeper and looks infected. Dean was poisoned and then he was…"
Dean looked at Sam with the 'are-you-shitting-me-right-now?" look.
"Cas, I'll be fine, you know me," Dean said casually knowing full well Lucifer was watching the whole scene unwind.
"So," Dean started, not knowing what to say
Castiel's smile when he said,
"Um excuse me hello. Are you Lucifer?" Sam asked very hesitantly.
"Thanks, angel," he said, quietly. Cas shrugged it off. He returned Dean's hand to him and offered to clean up the mess. Dean did what he could, careful not to cut his hand open again, and let Cas clean up the rest. Dean stared at the floor, suddenly his world began to cave in. Something triggered in his mind and quickly, Dean's vision began to blur in and out with his heart racing faster than usual.
"Thank you, I appreciate them. All of them. The tulips especially." Cas was watching Dean. Dean did not
"Don't be worried. It's my wings," Cas said watching Dean gasp audibly, "I'm wrapping my wings around you."
Cas stopped eating, he felt sick.
"I was only training Dean to become the best hunter I always knew he could be," John said, defensively. He stepped forward, but Cas didn't flinch. Dean, however, did.
"Cas hey-" Dean started softly but stopped when Cas held up a hand indicating him to shut up so he did just that.
"Dean, it's okay," Cas said gently.
"Cas, why don't you go see if there's anything left over to eat?" Dean asked, almost begging him to leave, but Cas didn't stir.
That's when the heat became too much. Cas looked so broken and drained, and the rain outside definitely wasn't helping. Dean did the only thing his mind could come up with. He cupped Cas's face delicately, and kissed him. This wasn't the first time they've done this. The first time Dean kissed Cas was in Purgatory; it had been quick and sudden and they both pretended like it never happened. The second time that happened was on a random vampire hunt somewhat 2 years ago when Dean had been so exhausted and beaten that Cas had yelled at him for being careless, so Dean kissed him to shut him up. Both those kisses had been different, the first had been quick, the second a little hungry, but this one at this moment was filled with love. Dean's lips moulded into Cas's, his body shifting closer so that they were one. Cas kissed back with equal desire and love that Dean had never felt before, and it was overwhelming, to say the least. Dean's brain short-circuited, like a wave of electricity smacking his brain back to reality, and he slowly pulled away, hands trailing down to Cas's coat.
After a while, Dean straightened his back, wiping the tears off, "what the fuck just happened?"
"You're gonna be okay, Dean."
and I don't know how to deal with this!"
Cas remained silent, he looked down and saw a group of black flowers that looked very similar to black Hellebore flowers. Cas pursed his lips grimly recognising the flowers,
"So, Cas has been filling us in about all the nitty-gritty details about your little trip. I'm sorry you went through that," Jody said empathetically.
Cas raced over to Dean. He seized the hunter in his arms, pulling him up onto his feet, but Dean was completely unconscious. Dean's knees gave in and he collapsed. Cas couldn't carry Dean away on his own unless he was to carry him bridal-style. Cas considered this for a second and then thought,
Dean felt his whole body turn into ice. He looked at Sam, panicking. Sam signalled for Dean to grab Cas, and get the hell out of there- to leave before his dad sent a punch and before things got physically violent. So, Dean did just that.
"Oh hey! Ella, this is my dad, Dean. Dean this is their forensic scientist, Ella," Jack introduced him with a smile.
Dean was playing a game that Cas wasn't willing to play this time around.
"Dean, really, I'm okay with us being just friends-"
Sam's head spun around at the sound of a very familiar name and his body froze. Lucifer?
"Cas," Dean pushed.
Dean opened his eyes and was instantly hit by a ray of sunshine burning into his face. He was so disorientated, and more so when he rolled over in his bed, expecting to view his messy room but he was struck into silence when he saw a beautifully decorated room in silver and gold. The bed itself was fucking huge. There were way too many pillows and blankets covering him and 4 long pillars to hold the "roof" of the bed almost as if it were out of a fairytale. Dean looked around the room, gazing at the rich paintings on his wall, the curtains made out of expensive linen, and his room was ridiculously extensive.
Dean asked still keeping his eyes closed. The angel held Dean closer but now he was screaming. Dean closed his eyes tighter trying to block out the sound of his friend yelling in pain. Dean could still hear bullets raging at them and his mind was wondering how he was still alive. How Cas was still alive? Was his brother even still alive? Questions raced through his mind.
"Why did you wanna have dinner with me anyways? Thought you would go for the angel," Dean said light-heartedly but he was genuinely curious and scared out of his fucking pants.
"No, I'm not as tired. You?" Cas's eyes fixed on Sam's.
Dean grinned, "Cas is the same. You two will get along great. Although, I think Cas might be older. He was alive when humanity began and all that."
"Oh, you're good. Let him go," Lucifer said fixing his suit. Dean let go and handed the man to Lucifer who said a couple of nasty words to make sure he wasn't trailed and attacked again. Both men completely shrivelled, sprinted away fearfully. Lucifer finally ordered that cab back to Lux while Dean scrubbed off some blood on his face.
"About the fact that Cas is Miss Cinderella, and about how he is your love interest and about how you're going to have to end up marrying him," Sam asked, a little smirk playing on his lips.
"Guys," he said, giving them the
"Magnus, you ready?" Alec asked.
Dean found them a vampire case a few towns over and they decided it was better to get out while they waited. The vampire case was nothing big, just your ordinary bloodsucker, breaking rules and killing people that Sam and Dean had no problem putting down. They grabbed a few beers and burgers at the diner at the end of the day.
"Tell me we change this around. Tell me I wasn't going crazy and making shit up in my head when I was with you," Dean said, his voice almost a whisper. There were so much desperation and longing that Cas could feel from a mile away.
Dean didn't know what to do. Does he wake Cas back up? Does he let Cas sleep in his bed? I mean, he was probably exhausted after yesterday but still.
"No, it's on Castiel," Jace continued but quickly shut up when Alec glared at him.
"Alright, I'm just checking. So about tomorrow-" Sam started but Dean, almost immediately, cut him off.
Dean shook his head, “I don’t deserve that.” Cas told him to shut up and Dean, for the first time, did as he was told. Cas closed his eyes, letting his grace heal Dean, and make him feel whole again.
"Sam, you were in the cage with Lucifer - our Lucifer- and Michael for YEARS. That's not something you can recover from easily. I don't like this any more than you do, trust me. But you
Cas shook his head, "That's not true. That's only your fear speaking. You're stronger than that."
"Well alright then detective, ever the buzzkill," the man laughed.
"We're so sorry, Maggie," Cas said.
"I'll wait and tell him once she knows how to reverse the spell. I don't want to get his hopes up for nothing, if this doesn't pan out," Dean said, closing his book shut.
"DEAN?" Sam yelled from somewhere in the room. Dean opened his eyes and saw the light slowly enter and the room come into vision. It was only now that Dean realized that the light in the room was covered by Castiel's dark feathered wings. Dean pulled away. Castiel let him. They were both sprawling on the floor. Their enemies were nowhere in sight but somehow Sam had broken free. He stood a few feet away from them, mouth hanging open and he was staring at something, Dean noticed. Dean stood up, still slightly disorientated from everything. Then he saw it. Castiel on his knees, his wings were bleeding (not that you could see much of it because his wings were coal black). Feathers laying on the floor, another few making its way down to the ground. His wings were broken, bruised and
"Lucifer, man I gotta say, that Corvette of yours is a real beauty," Dean grinned geeking out.
Song for the chapter:
"Dean, it's me, Sam, you need to wake up," Sam tried again but it was useless, "Cas, what do we do?"
Cas nodded, mouth opening agape.
Dean, subconsciously, grabbed his brother's hand, "
"They didn't make it, Dean," Jody replied quietly.
"Dean, you were under a spell. Cas forgave you, but I think- I think it still pains to see you. I gave in and called Rowena, but Cas never gave up hope that you would come back to him. That you would fight the spell. But you didn't, hell, you
Dean and Cas had been together for a week now. They were taking it slow because Dean did not want to fuck this up- not with Cas. Dean finally found the balls to tell Sam and Jack who were thrilled and elated, especially Sam, who had put up with the two of them pining for each other for nearly 10 years.
"Alright well how about we brainstorm? You don't have any world-ending issues to deal with back there right?" Lucifer asked to which Dean shrugged, "great! So you guys can stay here for a while. You guys can crash at mine... for a price." Lucifer teased wiggling his eyebrows. The detective stopped and sighed knowing Lucifer's childish ways.
Castiel made eye contact with the man as he strode right past them, sending a prickly shiver down Castiel's spine. The man frowned as though he was trying to figure out a puzzle, but quickly pulled his eyes and attention away.
The waitress arrived with Cas's glass of water, apologised again and departed, leaving Dean oddly satisfied.
Cas took a breath and just let his right hand enter Dean's body to reach this soul within him. There was an excruciating bright light where Cas's hand met Dean's body. Dean screamed in excruciating pain. Cas noticed Dean was starting to move about, subconsciously trying to get rid of the pain, so Sam and Jack helped hold him down onto the couch. Dean was still crying out, so to ease his pain a little, Cas took Dean's hand in his. He very gently drew small circles on the back of Dean's hand. Cas read online that it was a way to calm the other person, to reassure them.
," Dean huffed. Cas moved to make space for Dean.
"We've been through a lot lately, I wanted to treat you all," Cas said plainly.
"Cas, what's going on?" Sam asked, standing by the door.
"As long as you don't make me watch your cowboy movies again," Cas laughed. He covered the waffles in case Sam or Jack wanted any food.
Cas's eyes flared, "Don't forget I'm the one in charge here, Inias. Dean and I have been friends for over 10 years. And you know nothing about our relationship, so don't you dare talk back to me again."
Dean looked at his brother, "She was right. Rosaline and so many others are dead because of me. Because Cas spent a whole fucking year looking for me. Why didn't you stop him?"
"For you and me both, sister. But Cas, thank you," Dean felt that thank you was
"Goddamnit. Does anything ever go right for us?"
Dean and Sam talked some more with the Shadowhunters and the warlock who was getting on way too well with Dean until Cas knocked on the door. Dean went to answer it and almost started laughing at how Cas was holding paper bags filled with burgers, fries and drinks.
When Dean returned to the motel, Sam was even more confused.
"I'm so tired," Cas grumbled into Dean's shoulder.
"And you're okay with me, being, you know..." Dean couldn't get the words out.
"Dude, look at this shit," Dean said, lifting the leftover skin of a dead rabbit. It was fresh, and it reeked.
"Pizza for breakfast?
"Alright! So I was thinking maybe you guys can join the detective and myself today. Solve a mystery and perhaps find the answer to your mystery as well. What do you say?" Lucifer asked smiling widely.
Cas brought his wings closer, "Of course." Dean was still too awestruck by Cas's massive wings to do anything. He just brought the wings closer and placed a soft kiss in the middle of the bush of feathers. Cas's feathers suddenly livened and puffed up.
"Yes, I do. But you're human after all. I had sworn I would never touch your soul after I put it back together when you were in hell. But I guess circumstances change," Cas said equally tired.
believe your anger is justified? You're telling me you had no idea Jack would turn out like this after he lost his soul? Aren't you the one who wanted to put a bullet in his head when you first met him?" Dean stared at Cas, stunned, "Yeah I know about that, Sam told me. I left because I didn’t belong here anymore. I don't have a family to turn to. I don't have ANYONE, anymore. You have driven me up the fucking wall so many fucking times, Dean. I put up with you, because yes, despite all of this, despite you pushing me away, saying I'm dead to you, I still fucking care about you. I care a lot. Even when I know, I damn well SHOULDN'T."
"I'll tell you about the time Naomi forced me to kill thousand fake versions of you, back when she was mind-controlling me. I never told you any of this because I didn't want to cause you more pain, but you deserve to know," Cas said.
Dean sighed, "we did and we may have gotten into a fight. But for a change, this one wasn’t my fault."
Cas growled, "you do NOT get to talk back to me like that- not in that fucking annoying condescending tone. I am so TIRED of your shit, Dean. I'm tired of you treating me like I'm a tool. Like I'm just another person to fuck with, use and then forget about when I'm no longer useful. I am TIRED of you using me, over and over again. I am TIRED of you shoving your anger and fury onto me when all I ever try to do is
