he went without touching anyone.
“Well, he’s not staying in the same room as me as much either. I’m just worried.”
Cas’ knees dig into Dean’s hips, and Dean rests now on one knee, his back arched toward Cas. His lips are open, and one hand is still supporting Cas’, but the other is on Cas’ shoulder now.
It’s taking time, they’re still progressing, but it’s getting better.
“Yeah.”
“Do you need anything else? I have fresh clothes that would probably fit you, maybe,” he gives Dean another once over, “maybe they’d be a little small, but I can certainly find something.” He does have people of all shapes and sizes a short walk away. Granted, he’s not going down to The Sanctuary in Dean’s presence, but the point stands.
It’s times like these he can see exactly why.
they spit at him.
Jack does indeed love it, just like Cas knew he would. Dean, however, is still a skeptic.
“We can watch a movie.” Dean offers, alongside a smile.
It’s them. It’s theirs. And in this moment, no one can take this from him.
He reaches his destination, room 983, and he glances around, eyes scanning the hall, before he knocks. Three sharp raps on the wooden door.
“I’m perfectly fine just hanging out. But, I’m gonna go make some more coffee, kay?” Charlie stands up, holding a hand out.
“And speaking to you, it’s a prayer. I used to receive prayers. Angels used to complain about prayers, you know that? Michael always said it was an honor, sure, but one of the most tiresome things he dealt with.
Benny looks Dean up and down, skeptical, before nodding. He turns on his heel, making his way towards the various rooms. They have to wait for an interview to end, and for… for the Captain to finish whatever he was doing, but finally, Dean is standing in front of a large room, filled to the brim with cops.
Cas breathes in one long, choking gasp, breathing heavily.
Cas convinced him to do this. It was Sam’s idea, but Cas convinced him. Spray paint his hair in blue, purple, and pink. Wear the blue, pink, and white flag that usually hung over their bed on his shoulders.
But Dean takes it in stride, like he always does when Cas has his nightmares. Dean runs his fingers through Cas’ hair and cups his cheek, and Cas feels like maybe, just maybe, everything’ll be okay.
Nary a handshake, nevertheless a kiss, god forbid something
So when those eyes meet again, it’s like it hasn’t been more than a day.
He steps inside, glancing around.
Cas flushes very lightly, his mind grazing over its own thoughts for the last twenty minutes. “Uh, well… long day. Too tired to really… move. And I don’t know, I’m thinking.”
The wings are still the same size, just not as bright. No, these ones fit the nighttime more anyways.
“But that’s okay.
It warms him down to his very core.
“Fate, huh? That you designed the animal that inspired my car?” Dean huffs out a breath in laughter and Cas smiles, nodding.
But he can’t think about it.
Jack’s grin just brightens, but they shake their head. “No, I like my pronouns, or any other ones, and my name. My mom gave them to me. But I think some new clothes would be cool! Could we go shopping?” And with that, Sam goes over to Jack, clearly noticing the way Claire’s head snapped up, their eyes wide. Sam takes Jack away, discussing all the things a 3 year old nonbinary nephilim should be discussing with their Auntie.
“Yeah. Thirty minutes, right? Thought I’d, ya know. People watch.”
Problem with that is that the twelve month mark is edging a little too close. And this idea Dean has had is actually not working out near as well as he had wanted it to.
When Cas took her in, gave her his name, raised her, she became his daughter.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, and he watches Dean’s lips twitch until his mouth lay open, the room still void of sound.
Charlie sighs, shaking her head. “Okay, what’s the plan?”
“You don’t gotta thank me, man.”
He was supposed to live.
“Charlie.” Castiel says as he finally reaches her.
“Dean, it’s fine. Don’t worry about me.” Cas plasters on a smile, tilting his head up and kissing Dean lightly. This one is empty, out of it, but Dean accepts it.
“Yeah, exactly what I’m saying. The thoughts one keeps in their head often mirrors the actions they take.” Cas smiles. “You need more water?”
“I’m sorry, but this is how it has to be. I wasn’t aware that… that times were changing. I didn’t acknowledge that new rules would need to be made. Please, if you have any grievances, you can come to me at any time.”
“Telepath. I know, I know.” She offers a slight ashamed smile, that places all of her apologies in her eyes and the curl of her lips.
in his veins. He’s kind, and he cares so intensely about the people who live in The Sanctuary. He’ll go as far as he needs to to keep them all safe. And he spends time with them, too. You’d never think that the king would spend time with the peasants, right?” Dean laughs, eyes set on the ground. “But he’s not the king. He doesn’t see himself as that. He sees himself as a servant. As though it’s his whole meaning in life, like it’s just to care for these people. It’s broken him. And I’m sure it’s what will fix him too, because these people will do anything for him. And you know what? He could kill any of you with nothing more than a touch. A handshake, a brush of the hand, a bump of the shoulders, and if he wanted to, he could kill you. Hell, I’m sure he could do it without touching you if he tried. And he never would.”
Dean catches himself nearly grinning, wistful as he glances around. His eyes catch on something orange, taped to the inside of the fountain and lightly splattered with water from it.
Their evening ends below the stars. Jack is in the backseat of Baby, asleep under Cas’ coat, and Dean and Cas are sprawled out on the hood, wrapped up in each other’s arms.
Cas walks over slowly, and Jack and Sam join him too.
Five weeks, three days, and twenty-two hours.
They sit like that for a while. Maybe full minutes, maybe a half hour. Maybe five hours, maybe ten. Cas loses time again, like he’s apt to do whenever Dean’s around.
“Uh, yeah, sure Cas. Come in.” Dean stands back, holding the door open for Cas, and Cas smiles, stepping through.
He wants to cradle his soul within his grace. He wants to grasp Dean with his very being. He wants to bare his whole self to Dean, and he wants the same in return.
But he knows he doesn’t need to do that. Dean will take it for himself anyways. Cas will simply help in any way he can. Cas will lay himself bare for the needs of Dean Winchester. Until, of course, the day he dies for him.
“Can I have your attention?” He calls, although he knows full well all eyes are on him.
it is. Jack is wearing his own clothes, which certainly completes his childlike getup.
Cas nods, transfixed on the… pure intimacy of this moment. He doesn’t think it’s just him, either. Dean’s less than an inch away, smiling down at Cas(only down due to Cas’ exhausted slump) his eyes locked on Cas’.
“Dean, I’m
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says, and he’s smiling. A real, genuine smile that, now that Dean’s thinking about it, he hasn’t really seen before.
But he sees Cas’ eyes, ablaze and brimmed with tears. His fists are clenched at his sides, dripping with blood from where his fingernails dig into his palms. The second he opens his hands, though, they heal, glowing a light blue.
wings?”
Or, god, even worse.
“They’re beautiful.” He whispers, and Cas leans his head back, letting it rest against Dean’s shoulder. His upper set of wings curves upward, as high as they can go, the tops touching and forming a malformed halo around their heads.
Fuck.
, he really touches. He cups Dean’s cheek in one hand, wiping away a tear. He wraps his spare arm around Dean, running a hand up and down the small of his back.
So Dean works silently. He cleans Cas’ wound (which leads to the momentary intrusive thought of Dean using his tongue instead) and puts gauze over it, taping the gauze down with old scotch tape.
But still, it’s familiar.
The utter mammoth of his brother had stopped dead in his tracks.
“Okay, well, that’s over now,” Dean says, “so everyone out.”
He, of course, hadn’t listened. The only thing that he wanted, then, was Dean. Of course. That was the only constant in that time.
“Crowley being a little bitch is indeed, not new.” He laughs softly. “Alright, then. What do you want to do?”
“Dean, it’s called pride for a reason,” Cas had said, kissing the spot on his tummy that had recently begun to grow soft. “I want you to show your pride. Dean, I want you to be proud of yourself. Nevertheless, it’ll be fun. You never get to see the nocturnal animals during the day. Jack’ll love it.”
” Dean clears his throat, and he watches his father’s face turn purple with pure, unadulterated rage. Among the crowd, though, it seems like… maybe he’s touched some hands. Maybe someone’s agreeing with him.
Ever since he met Cas, he’s been humanizing him. Every time he calls him Cas, the Angel inside falls away to just this… this person. Human. Like a best friend he grew up with, a man he’d see at the movies or chat with in a coffee shop.
“Down… Yeah, okay.” Dean says, and he seems to steel himself.
When he starts to feel blood drip from his fingers, his hands flinch away and shift to his luggage, rubbing back and forth until his palms rub raw as well.
“Sam’s been everywhere you have, hasn’t he?”
You know, usually Life comes before Death. Castiel always did think that was weird. Charlie suggested maybe it’s nature’s way of saying magical people really are fucked even before they’re born. Cas just thinks it’s a coincidence, since killing people is effortless, while the healing takes time, practice, and concentration.
“Well, yeah, I know.
But now Dean has to ask, make sure it’s okay, that he’s not pushing any boundaries.
That, and Cas’ slow breaths.
Cas walks over and places his hand gently on Dean’s bicep.
Cas simply wants Dean.
Dean explores while he does his own, probably shitty, version of wing grooming or something. He watches the way the feathers react to him, feels the way they push back into his hands for closer contact.
about sex! He says,
Of course, Cas isn’t very good at that. But he tries. He tries to show Dean it all. By the way he tugged Dean up by his hair, by the way his fingernails dig into Dean’s flesh now. But also through the juxtaposition of their soft, tender kiss. Through the way their chapped lips brush against each other in a way they truly never have before.
Sam doesn’t take much in. His eyes are bleary and his head hurts.
It’s Cas.
Dean paces around his bed, smirking as the cool screen of his phone presses into his cheek. His expression comes out in his tone and he sits on his bed.
, of all people, reported Dean for anything, that might make him the world’s biggest hypocrite. Incredibly selfish, too. So he shakes his head, before continuing his gentle look, allowing and encouraging Dean to continue.
The bottom pair are long, and thinner than the other two, at the base of Cas’ back. These are about 7 feet long each, and the “flame feathers” are spread wider.
His heart’s stopped, his fingers, hands, and arms numb.
He’s neither of those things.
“No. I… I was scared.”
Dean furrows his eyebrows, leaning in close to Cas’ ear and whispering, “what does he mean?” Because, well. He can’t help it. Generally, he’s used to the kid’s randomness, but this one seems to make sense to Cas, so…
“Sam, I know you understand why I’m doing this. This is for the safety of you and everyone surrounding you. I’m going to need
He wants to pet one.
“Yeah.” Charlie smiles. “Epically.”
“Being able to look you in the eyes, it’s like staring into divine light from freshly human eyes. My eyes threaten to burn, but I can’t look away. Your beauty, it’s eternal, everlasting, yes. But that’s not it.
He watches Dean’s face shift and twist into shock and what Cas would usually file under terror. He’s fairly used to people being scared of him. There are people in The Sanctuary who genuinely run away from him. Usually newcomers.
He’s wearing a teal woman’s shirt that goes down to the middle of his chest, baggy jeans that he got from Dean, a flannel tied around his neck like a cape, a blue tie that matches the exact shade of Cas’, and the absolute weirdest part: a bright pink, sparkly tutu.
Dean smiles, but he doesn’t lean in for a kiss, as much as he wants one.
“Quite.” Dean teases, and Cas ignores him, nodding as though Dean had been serious.
Now it’s not just his wings he can’t feel. It’s not just his grace that’s stopped flowing through him.
Donna grabs John’s wrist, and Jody places a hand on his chest.
Dean hasn’t been in long term relationships often, (well, ever) don’t get him wrong, but that is usually the absolute
Cas still doesn’t understand the “Buddy” thing. It should be engraved on their wedding rings.
Dean ended up calling them a dick, in a loud faux whisper, before taking the tickets.
He’s known Cas for two years. It was a chance meeting, at a fucking coffee shop no less (this has always been to Charlie’s great amusement), and, well, what followed was much less chance.
“No.”
“Charlie, there’s no question about it. I need you to watch him.”
Cas used to be that one, the one who always wanted to be around and with Dean.
The excitement is stupid, he knows, but nevertheless.
Cas should bring him down.
Claire’s crying, shaking in their spot and curling in on themself.
“You’re very open to helping me. If you don’t mind my asking, do you..?”
He kisses Cas to keep him from responding, knowing how hard it’d been for him to keep up the conversation minutes earlier.
He wakes up late now, with Dean. Kevin or Kaia or Linda or whoever else keeps a plate for him and Dean warm. And sometimes Charlie even brings it to them. So he sleeps in with Dean now. Dean is almost always awake before him, claiming that he grew up with little to no sleep; he’s just used to it. Nevertheless, Cas does make him sleep for a good amount of time. So while Dean sleeps an average time now (which
“Shut up, Winchester.”
“Dean, it’s okay,” Cas whispers, and finally,
Cold, hard.
Cas tilts his head and furrows his brow, to which he earns a laugh.
“I haven’t seen lions since the garden,” Cas whispers to Dean, and Dean laughs.
He also promises Dean he’ll spare himself two hours, and he promises himself that he’ll spare Dean one of them, at least. They still have nighttime of course, but being able to hang out during the day is so nice.
Oh, yeah, something else?
“Yeah, because that’s normal.” Dean retorts, wiggling his eyebrows. “I wasn’t aware we were coming here to continue what we started.”
Dean greets people as they pass, his ‘pretty boy’ smile that always seems to work plastered across his face.
“Good. If you have any questions, if you think for even one second I wouldn’t approve of something, ask me.” Cas turns, ready to leave and get Sam’s face, his resigned, cold expression, out of his head.
It started off good, it did! He was waking up late and going to bed early, allowing others to do his work.
He even gets a, “Cas, shut the fuck up,” from Balthazar.
The air leaves Dean’s chest for the… he’s lost count, that’s how many times.
“They’re not, Dean. They’re odd and broken, I can’t even fly with all three anymore, nevertheless my flight set.”
now.” He says, eyebrows raised.
Dean, personally, prefers to be alone. But he hadn’t been saying anything aloud, so there was no use in turning someone he was supposed to love away. “Not in the least, Cas.” Dean opens up an arm, and Cas tucks up underneath it, his eyes following Dean’s as they sit in silence.
Dean is everywhere, and he is everything.
and he
“Lucifer and Michael?”
“Hiya Cassie. Yes, indeed I am. Eight and a half feet.” Gabriel tucks his wings in, putting his hands on his hips. “Pretty impressive, if I do say so myself.”
He finds solidarity in it, at least a little, and he reaches over, touching Claire’s knee.
Cas looks at him for another second, before his lips curve up just a little. He places his hands on Dean’s thighs for leverage, before pushing himself up and kissing him. “How was your day, Dean?” He asks, after pulling away from the chaste kiss.
and he
Dean assumes it tickles Cas’ nose, but Cas doesn’t say anything.
“That’s Officer Winchester to you, Officer Lafitte.”
“So you prayed to me. And immediately it felt wrong. I felt unworthy. Unholy, in your presence. Not because I was taken down, no. Not because you tore me down yourself. But because you were naturally above me.
“It’s
It feels like an eternity, before he nods, smiling at Dean.
And he remembers a conversation he and Cas had.
Jack’s whole face brightens as he looks at the penny, before he steps forward, pulling Sam into a tight hug. His tutu flattens at his stomach, so it flares out in the back. Dean can’t help but let out a laugh, but it melts into a fond smile as he watches his family.
Slowly, Benny raises his hand. A smile rests on the man’s face, before he says, “I’m with you, Dean.”
Cas can’t even bring himself to be more hurt by this.
His lifeline.
“No.” Cas is certain about this one, sure that the dream would continue if he tried.
He told Cas, who waved it off with nothing but a smile, as they walked into the Zoo.
And he needs to do that now. He needs to breathe. Because he’s human.
She takes the mugs into the kitchen, and he hears the coffee machine start up, and he smiles. It’s the little things that make him smile. The times when he can close his eyes and pretend everything’s normal. That he can imagine there isn’t a deep, concrete bunker underneath his feet. That Charlie is just his best, childhood friend who’s over for a visit. But he keeps his eyes open. Because honestly? Even when he’s stressed, worried, lonely, or sad, he’s helping people. And he wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Cas, I’m
Castiel and Dean spend more and more time together, and Cas begins to notice Dean seems... just as drawn to Cas as Cas is to Dean. It's comforting, and warm, but what will it lead to?
“Uh, Dad, that’s not wha-“ Jack starts, but the rest of his sentence comes out in a muffled mumble.
“I helped design those.” Cas says as he leans over the ropes of the flamingo habitat.
Early chapter! Because I’m bored and y’all deserve it after that last one. Enjoy!
He knocks in the door, murmuring a, “Can I come in?”
It strikes Dean how human Cas looks. His heart thuds a bit in his chest and he smiles as Cas responds with an absent, “Yeah?” as he sets down his phone at his bedside.
“They’re all so kind, so caring. I’ve witnessed more vulnerabilities from them in these few months than I have from most of you in, god,
But his hand doesn’t twitch for the prescription bottle that fits so perfectly there. That sits just feet away inside his nightstand. No, it shifts to Dean’s hair, his fingers threading through the light strands.
Castiel goes door to door. Family to family, person to person, room to room. For most, it’s a simple, “Meeting at one in the common room.”
he thinks, an invisible box checking itself off in his head.
It’s probably the best experience of Dean’s entire life.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas knows, this is when he’ll leave.
, Cas thinks.
Dean’s breath, however, does escape him.
Cas has been overworking himself.
At the parade, Dean had left gasping for air and ripping everything off of himself.
As we begin to explore Dean's point of view, some new perspectives and ideas come to light during the beginning of his and Cas' relationship.
Freak family, Dean’d assumed.
he wants to scream at Dean,
The footsteps falter again, before starting up again, growing louder, then louder, then they finally stop, and he hears in a voice that should
But as the feathers move, Dean can see iridescence. He associates it with gas at the gas station, carelessly spilled on the asphalt. The feathers shine under the moonlight, purples and blues and greens and a whole rainbow of other colors dancing along the wings.
Their lips press together, and Cas already knows they’ll both be bruised by morning. Their mouths open and their teeth clash and it’s painful and loud and it’s
he thinks, breathing normally again.
Dean, looking.
) feathers.
Dean smiles.
“Ironic, that the place called
Jack and Claire are in the middle, the bigger adults wrapped around them, and they’re all smiling.
They stand there for what feels like centuries, breathing each other in. Dean feels a reverence through it all, running his fingers through the feathers in the middle set of wings at their base where his hands rest.
Dean clawed at the walls of his enclosure, but there had been no heart in it, for he believed there was nothing better that he deserved.
He vaguely recognizes tears streaming from his vessel’s- from
Dean takes Cas’ hand, and they walk into the zoo with their son.
“Dean, you realize we’re marri-“
When he gets taken off room-arrest, he makes his rounds, slowly this time, to apologize to people around The Sanctuary. His behavior was unacceptable, he tells them. He even refuses to let Dean come along. Dean doesn’t need to see this, Cas believes, he feels guilty enough.
“Shit-,” he hears Dean whisper as he shifts up, sitting beside Cas and wiping the blood away with that same makeshift cloth. “I’m-,” Dean starts, but he doesn’t finish. He doesn’t finish, Cas knows, because the last time he tried to say it he’d been shushed.
They separate from the kiss but remain wrapped up in each other, embracing.
“What’s up?” Dean asks, mouth full as he looks back up at Cas.
Yeah.
“I was planning on it soon.” Gabriel turns around, looking at Cas again. “Enough about me, though. What about you? I know your little workaholic ways, and I see right through them. What’s up?” Gabriel slings an arm over Cas’ shoulders, his wing hovering over the same spot, almost protectively.
“It’s okay,” he says, and he hopes Dean will take it to heart. He hopes it serves as the umbrella he wants.
“Well, kid, you got somethin’ you want me to call you?” That’s all he says, but he’s smiling at both Jack and Claire like they all share a secret.
Cas moves his arm, settling it above his head and looking at Dean. “What are you doing up at this hour, Dean?”
, Cas thinks absently,
“I know you guys have some… some
He says, “Well Buddy, here you go.”
, his grace screams at him in the depths of the night.
It reminds him of his mom. She used to play it, and sing along, and he would dance with her in the kitchen. It’s been so long since he’s heard it, but he can still hear the tune echoing in the narrow caverns of his ears.
Her eyes were burnt out.
Dean underlines number nine twice. It was the very first song he played for Cas, and where this mixtape came from originally. How had he forgotten?
Well that was fun, wasn't it? Talk to me here or @angelfamilydrama on tumblr! I'd love to hear from you, and I hope you enjoyed <3
“I’m just going to keep it on me in case they pull theirs first. Self defense.”
He hears Cas let out a sharp chuckle, and he can practically hear the other man shaking his head.
in you, right? Some of you were just raised in it, and I was too, but you have to understand. If you could meet them, you would… you’d understand. There’s a telepath boy who just likes to cook and read. His name’s Kevin, and while he’s a little bitch, he’s really very kind. And honest to a fault. There’s a man with the power of deception, and he’s an
No, the sound wasn’t anything on the view. Cas’ eyes are on Dean’s, but Dean’s eyes are everywhere.
. Pulls back, pulls down. Pulls Dean away from him.
It feels like a date, and Dean wishes he’d brought a picnic.
“And… this guy. He runs the place, actually. He’s one of the most amazing people I’ve ever met. He has- He has
Until they realized,
“But one thing I’d felt, since the beginning of my existence, is devotion. And, of course, faith.
Surprise, Bitches! Starting now, updates can be expected on Mondays and Thursdays. So, I'll see you then, and I hope you enjoy. <3
They’re starting with something like Dean’s, and Dean still glows with the same fatherly pride he had walked in the front door with.
“AM?” Cas’ eyes widen farther and he begins to get up, but Dean presses into the middle of Cas’ back, keeping him there for a moment.
“So I prayed to you. I laid before you, bloodied and bruised, and I spoke my prayer to you, begging that you would hear me, that you would understand me.
. But Cas doesn’t do anything. Doesn’t want to make a move other than, well…
Cas eats it up like an animal starved.
At first, Sam had been upset that Eileen couldn’t make it, but he knew Eileen liked her independence. So Sammy made his way to the car in a sulk, resolved to teach Jack in his practice: Third Wheeling. All of that is forgotten now, it seems, because he’s looking at the zoo with bright eyes that Dean hasn’t seen in years.
Dean’s scared.
“Okay.” He mumbles. “I’m… I’m sorry for worrying you, Dean.”
Castiel thanks all things holy for the distraction, but it’s certainly not the one he wanted.
It might not be forever.
“If you want to leave, you need supervision.”
“Thanks, Charlie. Do you have any more updates?”
Because nothing will ever be as addicting to him as the feeling of Dean Winchester surrounding him. Taking in his very essence. Letting in the thing that is now as close to his soul as it can be.
This is when Dean will stand up, throw a glare and a slur or two his way and stomp out toward his cabin. This is when it’ll happen.
Cas steps forward, he can’t help it. He reaches up, and gently pushes Dean’s chin up until his jaw lay comfortably closed. Cas smiles, and he nods.
“Cas, you’re too late, he- he’s-” Sam chokes out, and he steps back.
wanna do?”
Dean knows Cas loves making the rounds. He wants to help people. It’s his biggest flaw, and one of the reasons he’s utterly perfect.
Dean laughs, falling back fully on the bed. He flips to his stomach, playing with the corner of a pillow. “Please don’t speak that into reality.”
This isn’t him.
“Thank you. They’re unique to me, actually, although they used to be much more brilliant.”
Dean closes his eyes, and takes in a deep breath.
“No. Meg’s got a leak in her bathroom, nothing she can’t fix, Crowley’s still a little bitch, um… Gabriel’s annoying. Nothing new.”
Cas doesn’t even make it to the movie. He won’t remember even going out to the main room in the morning. What he will remember, though, is falling asleep for the second time, safe and warm and tucked in the arms of his lover, and staying that way for the rest of the night.
He still needs eight.
Dean stiffens again, closing his eyes.
Instead, he got Cas’ wing immediately pushing up into Dean’s hand, the feather’s ruffling. Cas glares at his offending limb, and Dean realizes the wings have a… mind of their own at times.
“I still can’t believe you assigned the man a nickname within ten minutes.”
Boy had he underestimated them. They’d done everything short of a full lobotomy on Cas, who was apparently the rebellious child. Who would have known, stick in the mud that he is. Well, was. Dean’d mostly fixed that.
“Yes.” His smile grows and he nods. “So, as you… well know, magic is, quite illegal.”
He shouldn’t be able to feel it.
“Something simple. Light a match. Set a stick on fire. But I need proof.”
Cas’ dreams of freckled shoulders and sleepy green eyes. Dean’s dreams too subside to electrifying blue eyes and messy black hair.
“... forgot. Who is that?” Cas turns to Charlie, a frown tugging on the corners of his lips.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Dean asks.
So, no, Cas is not overworking himself.
“Tell you what, I’ll put a movie on that giant TV over there. You can watch, or you can talk, or you can sleep. Although my personal preference would be the latter, it’s up to you.”
“Okay, okay,” Dean interrupts them finally, hands up, “I called you here for a reason, I promise. You gonna listen to me, or do I have to clap like a kindergarten teacher?”
Sam takes two stumbling steps back, his eyes set on Dean. He sees Cas move with the speed and intensity of a man transfixed and enraged, and he can’t watch anymore.
“He’s getting sent to lockup tomorrow.”
Cas rolls his eyes at both the nickname and the entire sentiment, crouching down and touching the floor. “Gabriel, you already have the largest, and most able wings in The Sanctuary. Must you rub it in?”
He watches Dean’s expression war between emotions, yet Cas never catches just one. He’s far too tired. Too…
Dean lets out a small huff of laughter, nodding. “That’s good. That you’re taking a break, I mean. ‘S well deserved.”
“In the morning.” Cas murmurs, and he tilts his head, kissing Dean’s palm.
Sloth was their favorite to accuse him of. After he had taken on Sam Winchester’s trauma, he was accused of Sloth daily.
“I wish it were under better circumstances, but yes. And I you, Dean.”
Cas is happy.
So. Welcome to my absolute favorite chapter in this whole fic. It's the longest one, too, at 4,002 words! Enjoy!
He can still feel it all.
“I guess we’ll find out.” She smiles lightly, before adding, “Can I drive?”
to use it alone. Technology will be supervised but, of course, respected. I’m going to be doing power and mutation check-ins once monthly, at least.” Castiel looks out on the crowd, his expression devoid of any emotion.
It screams at him as his fists clench while his eyes are set on Dean’s lips meeting another’s.
“I know what you’re all going to say. I’m
“And what did we get into this job for? I don’t know about any of you, but I was forced into this job. ‘The Family Business,’ ya know? ‘Dean, you’re going to grow up to be just like your ol’ man.’ ‘Dean, so young and already so talented with that gun of yours.’ ‘Dean, so smart, so sharp. You’ll be amazing at hunting those monsters.’” Dean scoffs. “I was forced to be here, but I don’t do it to hunt…
Dean follows.
“Yeah, I just-”
Cas looks at Gabriel, then runs off, answering the phone and shooting out a quick, “One second, let me get to the house, better service there.”
So he goes to Cas.
Dean can’t help but grin, but it’s wiped away when the Captain speaks up.
“A dude,” Dean says, and he drops his shirt. “Like I said, I get it. I’ve got old binders if you want some, but they might not fit. Lots of clothes. You can just go through my closet if you really want to. When Sam transitioned, which was well before me, she took all my old clothes and I got hers. It was a pretty sweet deal, actually. But I get you don’t have that, so. Ya know.”
“Ew, Dean, I do
“There are a lot of telepaths around and it’s scary.”
No, he didn’t take it. Dean never takes.
“Ah.” Gabriel nods knowingly, his voice wise and cool toned, before he broke the ruse, pulling Cas into a headlock and rubbing the top of his head with his knuckles. “So you like Deano!” he laughs, and Cas struggles, pushing against Gabriel and groaning.
His feet hang over the armrest and his head rests on his arms, and he knows for a fact that he will be in pain in the morning. He just cannot and will not move.
Charlie rolls her eyes and they both laugh a little, before Cas shrugs. “It’s fine, I’m not having problems with it. I’m not having my nightmares anymore, and that’s helping. Well, as much.”
But they both have kids.
“Yeah.” Dean rubs Cas’ shoulder. “And you? How was your day?” Dean doesn’t…
“Huh. Okay.” Dean says. He can’t pull his eyes off of the animals for a bit longer, maybe five minutes, before he finally concedes to Jack and Sam and turns away.
“You have a day, you can work with Eileen on it. In fact, if she vouches for you having powers, I won’t question it.”
He kind of wants Dean to take that too. To drink the blood from his veins and feel them dry up under his tongue. He wants Dean to keep wanting him. He
“Charlie.” Cas says, eyes wide and body leaning forward.
Jack, who had been practicing with Cas (although Dean didn’t know this at the time), raised his hand and said, “H-Hi… Dean.” Before grinning wide and jumping in his spot a little, tilting his head back at Cas as though to request approval.
prefer you not call me Cas.”
He’s well aware things get overwhelming for Cas, so he waits for the other man to make his first move.
Cas can’t even compare it to the feeling of taking a hit. Of popping a pill.
The confrontation at the police station continues, but the stakes only rise as Charlie and Dean finally leave.
Feel free to send your hate mail here or in my inbox @angelfamilydrama on tumblr!
But it’s here now, and Cas loves it.
“Text Cas for me, let ‘im know we’re leaving. Now, where do you like to shop?”
Direction change.
“I, um, I designed those too.” Cas says, smiling over at Dean.
His soul, his grace aches, and tears stream out of his eyes.
It makes Cas painfully aware of the other hand. The right hand. The hand that, all those years ago, had (sort of) burnt a print into Dean’s left shoulder. That hand now digs into Dean’s back, only easing up when Dean pulls away from his other hand.
And suddenly he feels like he should’ve been there for his kids, but he’s so so proud of them. Well, at least, he’s fairly certain it’s pride.
Cas listens closely as his tired brain ebbs in and out of consciousness, focusing as hard as it can on such low possible brain power.
Who is he to deny his most basic instincts? The most human yet?
. They do that sometimes. He’s not moving anymore, stock still.
He stares at Cas in utter awe, nothing but reverence and adoration in his eyes.
He doesn’t remember the tears ever ceasing. He doesn’t remember moving. One moment, his tears are soaking into Dean’s shirt and Dean’s are soaking into his. One moment, they’re sitting side by side and clutching into each other desperately.
“Oh?” Dean asks, laughter threatening to bubble up in his throat.
“It’s a date… Winchester.”
They open it, and they smile.
“How are you, Charlie?”
“I can do what I want. And what’s the report on the rest of the inhabitants?”
They stare for the longest time, before looking at Dean. Then Cas. Then Sam, and Jack.
Maybe if Dean doesn’t speak, maybe it won’t happen again. Maybe Dean won’t leave him again. Maybe Dean won’t be overcome with such shame again that he refuses to get what he needs.
It must be.
“Yep, Cap thinks we’ll have them down in a month or two.”
Sam nods. “Yeah, of course. You’re helping me.”
“If you’d like, Dean. It sounds nice.”
“Yes!” Dean says, and he looks excited, leaning forward in his seat, until his eyes widen and he backs off. “I mean, um, yeah. I’d love that. Thank you, Cas.”
, he thinks, “I want to talk to someone about this.”
He feels his heartbeat slow, and he smiles.
a nod.
He says, “Let me see him.”
He drags the tip of the blade along Cas’ palm. He watches light glow from the cut, and he licks the blood dripping down from it as he brings his mouth to the center.
for some reason, so they wanted me to explain.
No one’s letting him apologize because, well, they say he did nothing wrong.
At some point, Dean reaches over, very carefully, and wraps his arm around Cas.
“Dean, I’ll be fine,” Cas says, throat scratchy and dry. “They’ll just be…”
Dean puts his fingers on his chin in faux thought, before pointing at her. “Absolutely
Eventually, Cas looks up at Dean from his slumped position, and of course Dean returns the gaze. “Yeah?” He asks, mostly uninterested, assuming Cas is just gonna ask him a question.
Sam lets out a disbelieving huff of breath, furrowing his brow. “Uh, yeah, sure. What’s up?”
He’s worried, so he asks Sam and receives a,
Dean and Charlie prepare and steel themselves for the worst at the police station.
, he thinks.
Dean’s trembling too.
, Cas thinks.
Cas simply smiles back at him, walking over and taking his hands.
Cas’s head bows, the top and bottom sets of wings covering his eyes and feet respectively. His wings are spread at either side, and Dean notices the moon behind Cas’ head.
“I know. And um, how’s everything with…” she makes a face, sticking her hands out and waving them slightly.
“Nah, I’m good.” Dean wipes his mouth as he finishes off his sandwich. He seems to finally look at Cas, and the room is dead silent for a moment as their eyes meet.
Dean clears his throat, and bites his cheek, nodding. “So, I want to cancel the raid. I want to end this mission. Dump the files, delete the calls. I don’t want help, even. All I want is permission. And honestly, you know what’ll happen if you don’t cancel it? I’ll be waiting for you, at that door, with a gun in hand. And I love every single one of you, but if you hurt my people, I’m going to be awfully tempted to put a bullet between your eyes.”
It’s salvation.
Cas is quiet, before he nods, smiling lightly.
Cas feels Dean’s fingertips graze just under his cheekbone. Not tugging, not pulling, just… gently pressing.
He should check in with Kevin, he wants to know how the kid’s doing.
Dean might need a place to stay, at least for a little bit.
“Castiel, what are you doing here? I mean, come in, I just…” he steps back, opening the door further for Castiel.
He’s a light sleeper, too. So he hears the door open, he hears it slam. The men and women on his floor seem to hear it too, and two of them even say the source’s name.
“They’ll heal,” he says instead, his eyes growing large and sad as he stares down at Dean on his knees. Dean, who stares right back.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” They ask, and
Dean nods. “Yeah, I’ve got them. I shouldn’t have too many issues.”
Cas tips his head to the side and sighs. His grace is so fleeting now, so little, he can feel every little bit of it leaving his body. It twinges with pain. Pain he can’t heal. No, instead he feels blood dripping down his palm, down his chest, with nothing he can do to stop it.
Sam, of course, never took any real offense and leans back in her seat. “So?” She asks.
Cas goes frigid, suddenly sobered out of his sleepy daze, before he relaxes, sinking into the spot next to Dean. He feels safe in Dean’s arms. Both protected, shielded from the world, and also as though he could go and take it over himself.
“No. Protocol. We can’t, um… we can’t bring him back. If he’s lucky, they haven’t caught onto the fact that he’s helping The Sanctuary, and he’ll get sent to a specialized prison. There, he…” Cas almost choked on his breath, closing his eyes at the horrendous image in his head, “he might not be treated well, but he’ll be treated better.”
“It was alright,” Cas says, “I enjoyed it at the time. Although, I’m very comfortable with this body now, I’m not sure if I’d still like it today.”
It’s funny, Cas thinks. Or, almost funny.
Sam opens the door to his bedroom, bleary eyed and confused. His eyes are tinted red and his face is still a bit pale, but of course, he’s not the only one.
Cas and Dean connected two rooms together, so when Jack has bad dreams or needs something, he can knock and be let right on through.
But, of course, Dean doesn’t say a word. He seems to lose himself in the moment, and he sits there, up on one knee and staring at Cas with those green, green eyes.
That doesn’t
First, I want to thank my beta, Mads. Yeah yeah, I'll keep this one quick, I promise. But Mads helped with every last aspect of this fic. It wouldn't be what is is without them. So, while it was my idea, and I wrote it, if you're thanking me, you should thank them too. And I have to do it myself, of course, so, thank you, Mads! For everything.
“Welcome back, Dean!”
Cas shakes his head, smiling. He knows she knows better. He’s been working on eradicating the casual names that, well, that
I hope you liked this chapter! It is a short, more succinct one, so it can be of limited taste. Now, these next chapters can be a little heavy (in my opinion), so if at any point you feel stressed or upset while reading them, just let me know! I'll be happy to summarize them for you. Beside that, though, let me know what you thought! Either here, or tumblr is much appreciated. <3
Cas allows Dean to tilt his head to the right, and their eyes meet. Neither of them break the eye contact, one of Dean’s hands resting on Cas’ thigh, the other on his face.
“Yes, you’d definitely be right there.” He nods. “Anyways, you? Have you been getting your meditation in? How’s the new room doing for you?”
Cas moves closer to Dean, handing him the remote. “You choose.”
He wants to, he does, but it’s hard for him to feel anything right now.
“I have to…” Cas whispers, looking over his shoulder at his highest set of wings.
As Castiel trudges down the stairs after the phone call. The cell is held limply in his hands and his arms are slack at his sides. His feet move on their own, and eventually, he finds himself at Dean’s bedroom.
“Dean, don’t cut them,” Cas says, standing over Dean’s shoulder as Dean holds hair clippers, buzzing, over Claire’s head. Sam and Jack are in the doorway, being a lot less invasive of the moment, but Cas couldn’t care less.
Cas was the most powerful child in The Sanctuary when he manifested at nine years old. He’s a historically powerful person, but this baby killed his mother when he was born.
In front of him, Jack whispers something to Sam, and Sam barks out a laugh, glancing over his shoulder. Dean furrows his brow, but doesn’t question it more, taking Cas’ hand and grinning at him.
The both of them hop in Baby, and they’re gone.
He was sobbing so hard that he didn’t realize that all these things were the sign of something Sam was very, very familiar with.
, Cas thinks.
“Like, in the Bible?” Dean, in this moment, is so very glad Sam made him read the Bible. Not that he read as much as he was supposed to, or committed what he did read to memory.
Cas sits up, cross legged on the bed next to Dean, and Dean does the same, sitting in front of Cas.
“Yeah. There’s probably 2,000 people here, and all but maybe 10 have magic. I don’t suggest a raid unless it’s very sudden.”
“You were- You- What?” Dean asks, brows furrowed together.
Sam nods again, stepping closer.
“Oh my-“ Dean begins, but he cuts himself off, sprinting toward an open grass exhibit.
, his siblings would cry from their knees.
He’s glaring at it.
“However, we can make your concerns disappear, if you’d like.” He says with a grin.
They look…
It’s a side effect having a genuine fire inside your soul, he supposes.
“Professionalism, Cas.” He mutters under his breath, shaking his head. And he begins thinking like a
Well, here we go, starting a bit (and only a bit, mind you,) of the plot! I hope you guys enjoyed, let me know what you thought! (Also, you can find me on tumblr @angelfamilydrama, if you’re interested!)
“How should I know?” Charlie shrugs, eyes slightly wide. “You gonna get it?”
He lets out a grunt, turning off the faucet and dumping out some of the water, drying his hands on a dishtowel. He’s definitely glad he left some stuff up here. Cups, bowls, towels and such. Having to explain away not having any of that stuff in your home would probably get difficult fast.
“Charlie, what did I say?” Castiel snaps.
“Shut up. Look, man! They’re like, the cheapest little souvenirs and… you know, I don’t know when we’re coming back.”
Cas says in his memory, and Dean remembers being terrified of the fact that he wasn’t terrified of that.
Claire’s still looking at Dean and Cas, their eyes wide and their brows furrowed deep into each other.
“A shooting star.” Dean corrects, pressing his finger to Cas’ nose. “Make a wish.”
“I’m going to need you to prove you have powers.”
I'd love to hear from you! (Especially on this one, hm?) Comment here, or talk to me @angelfamilydrama on tumblr!
Maybe one day.
Dean Winchester.
discount for them, though.”
Nothing with warmth, or emotion, just simple, plain facts and nods.
Or worse.
This one’s a bit early for today, simply because I love y’all <3 (Also I’ve been excitedly waiting to post this all week, but shhhh.)
“You’re…
Well, time always seems to fly when he’s with Charlie. He supposes that’s a side effect of having a best friend. They make time pass easier.
He checks on Claire and they talk a bit, and Claire seems extra prickly. Cas doesn’t prod, though, just gives her a gentle smile and leads her into pleasant conversation.
Dean’s a few feet away.
Dean has fought things some people will never know about, he’s
There it is.
He speeds up just a little bit, but not by much, and pretty soon he’s turning into the Kansas City Zoo. It’d been a bit of a drive, but nothing like the ones he’s taken before, so it’s no issue of his.
Except, he can’t, because he looks up at Dean with red, puffy eyes and a smile that can only be described as broken.
Cas kisses him.
“Oh.” Cas says, quiet as his eyes return to Dean’s. “Yeah, sure. Thank you, Dean.”
When met with nods, he continues, “Yeah, okay, well, this place, it’s called The Sanctuary. It’s this place, thousands and thousands of people probably. They all have magic.” He hears a couple groans or light sounds of disgust, but he continues. “Well, maybe except for ten or so people. And I’ve been talking to all of them. Interacting with them for almost a year now.”
he thinks,
Cas nods, and he scoots in closer to Dean, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist.
Claire expected Dean to be…
Like a dam, holding back an entire ocean.
“Pretty sure. I’ll go out and meditate on that.” Charlie’s lips quirk up in a smile, and Cas’, despite himself, do too.
It’s one of the reasons Dean loves him.
Cas rolls his eyes, and Jack doesn’t get it.
“Hey, Cas! It’s good to see you out!”
He cannot.
Cas doesn’t really know how to feel about that.
“Jack, we said you can pick one.”
the last inch of his grace whispers, and who is he to say no?
Jack doesn’t get to say much else, having to grab onto a handle when Dean swerves.
Cas pulls Dean’s shoes and socks off. First the right shoe, followed by the right sock, then repeated on the other side. Cas runs his hands up and down Dean’s calves, before standing up fully, smiling at Dean and kissing him gently as he tosses the shoes aside along with his.
Dean looks up into the rear view mirror, catching a glance of Jack in the back seat. Dean can’t help but smile, watching Jack with his arms wrapped around a child’s backpack(absolutely dwarfing him inside) and grinning. The backpack is Paw Patrol themed, because of
(See the end of the chapter for
But seriously, how selfish can he be, even factoring that in?
Cas gets the message, handing her his mug and offering a grateful smile.
“You’re dating the leader of the organization we’re tearing down. I’m actually required by law to fuck with you about it.”
Dean shakes his head. “Thanks, kid. I guess…” he glances at Cas.
He opens the envelope, expecting to find a soaked and ruined paper.
Dean had shifted at one point in the night, and now the both of them are on the couch, laying down, Cas on top of him.
He’ll forget.
There’s not much spirit in the end. They have to take it where they can. They have to take it from each other.
“Hey, kiddo.” Dean said gently, leaning in slightly.
I must add, though: Give Mads, my beta, all the credit for this one! They plotted the entire chapter, and it was titled as such: The Mads Chapter. So, give @supernatural-gay-undertones all the love over on tumblr, or here!
Well, he hadn’t.
Cas turns around, and starts walking.
He reaches up and runs a hand through Dean’s hair. It’s longer than it was when they met, but familiar nevertheless. He runs his hand through the gritty strands, very gently tugging on occasion.
God, that’s weird as fuck.
“Sorry, shoulda warned you. You okay?”
He’ll do anything in his power to stop seeing those looks on their faces.
Well then. Some internal Dean for you there. How fun. Anyways, talk to me!! Here, or @angelfamilydrama on tumblr! (Yup I’m gonna say it every time)
This world, it threw them in the worst of situations. It gave them utter shit.
“Holy shit,” Dean blinks, placing his hands on Cas’ shoulders for balance for a second, before righting himself.
wings of fire.
Charlie says it was the same before Dean arrived; Hell, it was worse. And when Dean left? That was its peak. Charlie says this is just… his normal.
, his mind supplies, before he realizes, there’s really no such thing.
These should come rushing out of him, right?
No, Dean stays. He stays, and then he leans in, hugging Cas as tightly as he can. It threatens to suffocate Cas, but it’s not really a threat.
“It’s fine, Dean. I’m okay.” Cas murmurs, turning his head and kissing the palm of Dean’s hand.
How is he supposed to be human without Dean?
“Cas! Cas, hey, Baby, hey…” Dean says, his eyes wide.
Sam goes more pale. Pale to the point that Cas thinks the man in front of him is going to pass out, any second now.
It’s just for a moment though, this time, and immediately afterwards it looks like they burn away, disappearing into thin air.
Cas’ body language immediately shifts, his shoulders and eyes falling. After a moment, his hands move, running up and down Dean’s forearms and he speaks. “Yes. I was eight.”
Nevertheless, a sin of desire.
As Cas walks, he starts to think. Dean seems like a good man, he seems sincere. And he seems so…
“I understand.” Cas smiles. “Not very many people have the urge to stick around after I tell them.”
Cas never stops touching Dean. Whether it’s a brush of knuckles or pressing his entire body down on Dean’s, he can’t stop.
But nevertheless, he sits up, and he wraps his arms around Dean’s chest, burying his head into his neck and just breathing him in. It’s grounding, and as he breathes with Dean, his mind begins to slow and his tears stop falling.
Because he’d give anything to Dean. He’d give anything for him. Just to see him live another day. Just to catch a glimpse of the man who’d lasted decades in hell without even considering picking up a blade. The man who’d taken an angel to a brothel to get him successfully deflowered. The man who’d taken the job up for himself after a fit of laughter in an alleyway.
A loving smile, where the lines of his eyes hardly crinkle and no teeth show.
No, he’s more shocked when Dean climbs back onto their bed, and puts his hand on Cas’ arm.
, he is beautiful. He’s perfect, every last inch of him.
Cas nods. “Yes, but… this isn’t my face, Dean. You know that, right?”
” Cas asks, and he can’t help it, he smiles.
Cas doesn’t know about Dean, but he’s nearly asleep. He’s never been good at sleeping, but the urge almost overtakes him. It comes over Cas in waves, but he resists it as long as he can. He resists it in hopes that Dean will say something now. Anything.
“Sam, were you aware your brother is a police officer?”
Nevertheless, he sits mostly still, a leg bouncing up and down as he watches Cas. Eventually he relaxes a bit, his leg still jumping as he looks out the window.
“I never received prayer though. Nothing but a low-level Angel of Thursday. A couple of true religious people would call upon me to bless their day. A couple rituals mentioned my name. But it was rare. Rare until you.
But these are people. They need a home. You can’t send them to a facility, you can’t just kill them, you can’t squeeze them in a little box and forget about them. They deserve to be treated well, and again, they deserve a home. I’m not asking you for much; In fact, I’m not asking you to do anything. I’m asking you to not go through with the raid.
“Nothing new to report, really. Castiel… Cas, the plan with him is working. I should have gone into acting, I’m fantastic at improv.”
He boils Cas’ blood in the best of ways.
He knows what it really means, okay? He’s just choosing to interpret it differently.
Jack, meanwhile, is hopping up and down and talking to Sam beside him about whatever he had just found.
“Anything else?” Benny asks, and Dean nods, before making a face, clearly realizing that no, Benny cannot see him.
“You mind my joining you?”
Then, later,
Dean huffs out a quiet laugh, but he doesn’t close his eyes, willing the tears within them to stay tucked inside.
As he does this, Cas’ eyes wander. His brain rushes, neurotic in the way it tends to be.
“What can I say? I like looking at you.”
“Is there a reason you came here? I’m perfectly happy to help you, no matter what, but why did you come
, Cas thinks, as his grace fades and Dean comes back into his vision, repeated, perfect, good as new, and still lifeless.
Of all things,
Okay.
“Um, my name’s Dean. I heard you can help me?”
Dean steps forward, taking hold of the top set of wings and prying them away from Cas’ face. It doesn’t take much work at all, and Cas meets Dean with no resistance.
Of course, it doesn’t last long, and both Sam and Cas laugh as Dean and Claire both shove away with cheeky grins, flushed.
Dad would murder him specifically for even suggesting the plan if he had been in the room.
In fact, it most likely won’t be.
“I like seeing your face.” Dean whispers, cupping Cas’ cheek and lifting his face gently so he can see.
Cas does everything he had intended to in record time and thoroughness. But eventually he’s done with a visit, and he stands outside the door, staring at a wall in front of him.
Above and below that set are two more sets. One at the base of his neck, maybe four feet in length each. The flames stick close to the wings, not running high. They flow out, too, allowing the illusion of feathers.
. Guys, I’m here to
He threads his fingers through feathers where he can, and he pulls out feathers that look painful or uncomfortable. The first time he did that he was worried, glancing at Cas in concern.
“They’re fine. Always fighting, per usual, but Lucifer’s getting better at putting that stubborn ass chin of his up and letting it go. The same for Michael.”
Jack’s phone lights up in their lap (they don’t like the sound of the beep or the vibrations) and they have a text from Claire.
Cas is quiet, and Dean amends with, “If… if that’s something you’re cool with, ‘course.”
Dean, who takes Cas’ hand in his, stares at it for a moment, then opens the box. Dean starts simple, though. He takes off Cas’ jewelry (and only receives a minor grumble in return), and presses a kiss, soft and gentle, to each section of newly exposed skin.
“I am. How’re you, though?”
As the flames fall away, new feathers shift, ruffle, and ripple in their absence.
In, 2, 3, 4, that’s it, okay, hold for a sec, yeah, out, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.” Dean smiles shakily, his lips trembling, similar to Cas’ entire body.
In the little grassy area, impalas graze.
“I used to worship a distant, hating god. He left us, watched us through cruel, manipulative glasses. I was an Angel of The Lord, and I didn’t realize my suffering.
This time is simply… well, simple.
“You mean the ones really creepily named after angels?”
“I’m worried that you don’t want to have sex with me anymore.” Dean whines stubbornly, his arms crossed over his chest. “We hardly sleep in the same room anymore, and we haven’t
“So, um, congrats, both your kids are trans.” Claire says, and the words are brash, they should be said with a smile, but she sounds terrified, her eyes down.
Eventually Cas shakes his head, shrugging. “It’s Dean. That’s all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s then, as Cas opens his eyes, that his ears begin hearing something other than his own wheezing sobs.
Dean chooses some western movie that Cas has never seen, and he happily speaks about it, fun facts spilling out of his mouth here and there.
they tell him, phantom fingers tracing down the side of his face.
“Yes it is. You’ve said it before, you know. How this body is yours. And it’s aging with you. It’s yours. It’s a part of you now, Cas. And I love your wings, too. And those are yours, right?”
“I find my god in your eyes.
Cas’ brain has, essentially, gone blank. There is nothing running his body. Well, nothing other than that godforsaken urge to kiss Dean. And, well, since that’s the only thing running it, of course it wins out.
, is all that runs through his head.
Cas pulls off his shirt, and he feels the air around him go cold as his skin flushes. Cas loves seeing Dean’s chest, so he allows it. (Of course he allows it. Cas hasn’t done anything he wasn’t comfortable with yet, why would he start?)
Sam stumbles back inside, but he can’t stay inside for long.
they had told him,
Dean didn’t understand it. But then again, there were a select few items of women’s clothing he could ever look at without scoffing and then running in the other direction.
“Cas, I, um, I know we’ve only known each other for a month or so, but I really enjoy… getting to spend time with you and stuff, and I was wondering, well… God, I sound like some stupid teennager, but, I like you. Like, a lot, and… If you’re not into guys, or whatever, that’s cool, but-”
“PM?” Cas asks, eyes wide. Three hours? He’d completely missed dinner, he still had to go check in on Michael and Lucifer, he-
Let’s kill John Winchester <3
Dean shoots a glare over his shoulder. His leg is up, his foot on the bed as he straps his thigh holster on. “I don’t know if I’ll need it.”
Cas turns away as the flames start to disappear.
Dean realized, though, after a couple long, tough nights with Cas, that it was really just because he couldn’t form a bond with Jack. So one day, when Jack was calm, well rested, and happy, Dean was able to go into his room and say hi. He sat across from Jack, who was playing with blocks in Cas’ lap.
He’s gotta figure out what’s up with Gabriel and Balthazar and the toilet paper, apparently.
Dean laughs softly. “Alright, sleepyhead. You wanna talk for a bit? Maybe I can help you sleep.” The tone is so tender, Cas is sure he visibly melts.
Cas decided to take the kid in. Dean wasn’t allowed to touch him for years. When Jack was two years old, though, Dean was finally allowed to pick up his son.
Dean tilts his head, still holding his questioning expression as he awaits consent. He doesn’t move away from the wing, either, though.
“I figured you knew. Most people know.
“Deano, this isn’t enough.”
He hands the owl to Dean. “This one’s my favorite… but I got a dolphin. So you get this one! The wings are just like Cas’... I thought you’d like it.”
“Nothing I can think of.”
Cas takes his hand, and starts tugging him through the forest.
He should be moving.
“Who, me?” Charlie laughs, shrugging, and he watches as her bright smile overtakes her whole face while she continues. “I’m good, actually. A little tired. But we don’t have many newcomers, so… not a lot of work to do, you know?”
He looks like
The last song… it needs to be perfect.
“Ah, things. I have duties to fulfil for tomorrow, people to check in on. You’re one of them.”
“Could I do that someday?” Jack asks. It’s not that Jack necessarily wanted to be a girl, but the option wouldn’t hurt.
Jack is a full juxtaposition, looking up at all three of them with a huge grin, shrugging.
“Dean, it was mine all along. It’s not my fault Charlie decided to give it away.”
“Maybe, maybe, by some miracle, he gains my forgiveness. Then what? What proof will he have? Who’s safe? I’ll have to relocate this whole place. I’ll have to kick people out or separate them. Sam, Dean has started a long chain of events, that cannot be undone. All I can hope to do is recon. I…” Cas swallows his next words, not allowing them to process in his mind. “I do hope you’ll follow my rules. I’m holding a meeting at one. Be there.” And with that, Castiel shakes his head, sighing, before turning and leaving Sam alone.
That night, all those weeks ago, changed something. It changed the air. Dean’s guilt is so palpable, but it never once gets spoken. He makes up for it with those things he’d denied Cas so long.
Lips, pink and soft, that curl up into a half smile, half smirk. That move so quickly and happily when talking about something he enjoys.
Taking what made him
“I’m glad it’s not happening as much.  Also I can’t imagine it’s all that easy to sleep when you’ve got bright light coming out of your body.” Charlie offers a light smile, and Cas shrugs again.
What does she see him as otherwise?
So when they pull away, Dean has to gasp for breath. As the other man pants, Cas hopes he got the message.
He promptly begins beating himself up for the thought.
There are small words on the edges, crossed out beginnings of titles.
Occasionally he trades a word or two with the inhabitants of the room, but it’s nothing profound.
Cas doesn’t ever want to let go.
His lower lip is bitten to the point of being nearly purple in the dark, and his teeth still dig into it.
“Thanks kid,” Dean says, and he ruffles their hair. “So, what do you want to be called? Sammy’s a bit invasive but it is a good question.”
And Cas, he trudged his way through it, having decided this was simply the best he could get.
“What time is it?” Cas asks, eyes set on Charlie and very pointedly not Dean.
Dean breaks it first, shrugging and looking off to his left, toward the doorway. “It’s just my opinion.”
He scrambles to stand up, looking around the room. People generally ignore him, excepting a few waves and ‘good morning’s.
See how people are doing with the recent room reassignments; moving can be hard, he knows.
Oh. Yeah.
“Still.” Sam pulls a penny out of the dispense box, holding it up to show Dean with a childlike grin. “I just think they’re neat.”
“Yeah, you do that. We’ll see how that works out for you. Finding a place where you can’t feel anyone? Good luck.”
“She had you, Cas, and that was enough for a bit, but,” Charlie shrugs, and Cas nods, knowing full well what she was going to say.
So Dean still helps his baby brother through nightmares, until Eileen takes over. Not only because she’s already in the room, but because she understands far more than anyone else involved could.
Eventually they come to a clearing, and Cas pulls his shoes off immediately, followed by his shirt. He throws them to the side, before turning around and walking up to Dean.
Cas shoots Gabriel a look, and he puts his hands up. “I know, I know. I groomed ‘em this morning, though, so it was a good time. See?” Gabriel turns around, spreading his wings slightly.
Cas lets out a long sigh and he closes his eyes, hugging Dean back with the same vigor.
At that, Cas gives Dean the biggest, most adoring smile he can muster.
There’s more of them, too.
An hour later, Dean walks out of his room, heading for the common room. Generally he goes there before dinner, watches people, gets a feel for his surroundings. He has no doubt Castiel will find him, since technically they’re… dating?
They seem to be adding up.
his siblings called him, sounding of some sort of angelic slur,
There would have been, Dean thinks, if the Earth still registered Cas as an Angel. But Cas only has so much grace. His wings aren’t symbolic of his angelhood, they’re just a part of him.
We're updating on Saturdays now! So, Mondays, Thursdays, and Saturdays.
The one Dean had spoken about more akin to a commanding officer than a father.
Cas smiles and nods. “I’m going to need you to trust me, though. The way there isn’t exactly… ideal. But the house, it hides and protects The Sanctuary.”
Cas understands, he does. But he has a feeling that Dean and Sam have been through a lot together. He has a feeling their bond much surpasses his with his brothers.
He could cut it down?
“There’s a girl, too. Her name’s Charlie, and she is a hell of a bitch. I love her, I really do, but she can be terrible sometimes.” Dean laughs. “She’s an empath. She feels everyone’s feelings. Everything you feel, she feels. It all hits her times one thousand, and she can still hold her head up and grin. She plays DND and she can hack into any system with fancy abbreviations out there. She’s wicked smart, in a way that I’ll never be. Probably in a way none of you will ever be, and I mean that with love, but she really is smart.
Dean doesn’t move away. He sucks on the area and kisses it until it’s bruised and swollen, grace gone and hiding from his desperate cling.
Claire Novak is staring down
“What do you wanna know? They were hurting me, they were useless, and they were small and ugly. No point.”
“Cas,
they had said, the first time they watched him admire Dean Winchester, deep in the depths of hell, long before he knew what that meant - what it would mean.
Dean flips to his back, letting out a sigh. Benny doesn’t bother questioning it, though. Dean is glad, because he doesn’t want to examine his own actions all that closely either. “Yeah, I guess.”
The smile he smiles when he messes with Cas, one corner higher than the other and his eyes glinting.
Jack grins and yells, “come on!” before grabbing Sam by the forearm and tugging him forward.
“Please, I… I know I don’t have any more, just… stay.” Cas whispers, his eyebrows drawn up.
Cas chuckles lightly, taking Dean’s water from his hand and heading toward the kitchen.
He can’t stop now.
Dean leans backwards, hands on his lower back. His spine pops pleasantly and he sighs, closing his eyes. “Babe?” He asks, turning around from the mirror to look at Cas, who sits on their bed cross legged with black sweatpants on.
They both deserve better.
The both of them sit down, settling into Dean’s bed, Dean on Cas’ left.
“Are you waiting for dinner?” Cas asks, and he goes quiet for a bit, before tentatively moving closer to Dean, their shoulders touching.
“It’s quiet up there. I have a room here, but I’ve got my own stuff up there, so, if you’d like to come up, I think I’m going to clean a bit. You know, if you’d like to keep me company.”
When Cas saw the advertisement for late-night zoo pride, he knew Dean would be a skeptic, but this is better than the parade.
He finds he doesn’t care.
Cas nods, fairly unfazed by this question. He gets it a lot, after all. “Yeah. It was hard at first, but it was going to be hard no matter when I took over. Anyways, I was wondering if you were interested in staying at The Sanctuary. That’s what we call it. I was wondering if you wanted to stay there, even if it’s just for a little while. It would mean a lot to me to know you’re safe. And, I can probably help you with learning to control your power.  If you’re interested, that is.”
Alright! That is the last ~2,000 word chapter! The next two are over 3,000, so come prepared! Thanks for reading, and I’d love to hear your thoughts!
Dean looks Cas up and down, before shrugging. “Same to you, I guess.” He says, the tone slightly teasing.
Dean laughs as he’s pulled through the trees, weaving through them at Cas’ will. Cas knows where he’s going, or so it becomes apparent after a few minutes. He’s going in a very specific pattern, and he knows exactly what he’s looking for.
This isn’t human, and it really does hit him as he’s running his hands through his husband’s (his
Dean finally pulls away, only to spread his arms as far as they’ll get, pressing his chest against Cas’s back as best as he can.
Cas has stared into those same dead, empty eyes far too many times in his life.
Dean’s face goes stoic and he stiffens a bit, as though he were a soldier preparing for battle. “I confirmed, Michael and Lucifer are the brothers from Paradise Works, the higher-ups I mentioned. They’re the main money source for The Sanctuary. I suggest taking them out before anyone else.”
, they had screamed at him as he marveled in his own work.
Dean watches Cas set up Jack’s stroller under the rainbow colored lights and the stars while he sits in the front seat of the car. Cas looks at him, his hair shining under the pretty red, orange, and yellow light that hits it. The rest of him is lit up by the moon, which rests heavy and full in the black sky. Dean’s beautiful husband smiles, before turning away to gesture for Jack to get in the car seat.
I hope you guys enjoyed the first quarter of My Sanctuary. Please, let me know what you thought! Either here or @angelfamilydrama on tumblr, I would love to hear from you!
He didn’t care.
Dean understands.
again.
He’s not sure how large the grin is, but he’s positive his pure adoration shines through.
Castiel and Dean talk, and Cas gets to know more of Dean and his power. A question lingers in Cas’ head, though. Should he let Dean into The Sanctuary?
But he has to. Dean pulls away, his palms to Cas’ chest. He doesn’t say a word, standing and watching Cas, eyebrows upturned on the inside.
For probably the first time in all his years with Dean, he can’t meet the man’s eyes.
After a long day of running around, Cas is tired. Simple as that. The place is finally asleep, everyone is in their room, and Cas is finally, blissfully, finished with the day’s work.
, Cas corrects himself,
Cas doesn’t know that he’s seen Dean cry in… multiple years, that’s for sure.
new people, so…” Cas shrugs. “I’m glad you’re doing well.”
But if Dean needs a place, and he needs a grasp on his powers, and he needs to be a part of the community they have, well.
From Dean to Cas, about Dean and Cas, it needs to be the perfect way to end on a high note.
Dean smiles, and his chest puffs out a little bit, his chin rising.
“Yeah, I know. But, Dea-“
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean, still silent. He kneels down, then, and picks up one of Dean’s feet.
He looks down and yeah, Cas’ sprawled cursive writing covers the whole page, and the back side. So he starts reading.
He hears a distinctive giggle and a light chuckle. He’d know those sounds anywhere.
“Screw that.” Dean says, sitting up fully (which jostles Cas into doing the same), “Yeah, screw that. I think they’re gonna be great. C’mon Cas, let’s go somewhere where you can show me your wings.”
Well, new normal. The old normal? Yeah no, Dean’ll have to take a hard pass on that one.
The barn doors burst open and Sam’s fingers tighten on his brother’s slowly cooling body.
“There’s a sweet, sweet man. He’s a dentist, actually. He’s skinny as a twig and loves hugs, and he deserves to feel the sun on his face, but,” Dean taps his front teeth, “he has fangs. He’d get taken to a reservation so fast your head would spin. His name’s Garth, and his smile can brighten up a room. I’ve seen it make people’s whole day better.
But, as he walks through the forest, weaving through tall, thick trees, he’s sure this won’t be the last they see of it.
Dean gets it, suddenly.
“No problem. ‘S my pleasure.” Dean smiles lightly.
“Cas, just because you’re hurting, you can’t-“
He’d noticed this look in Claire’s eyes before Dean.
Dean struggles with newly uncovered feelings, and the weight of the world really begins to put the tension on his shoulders.
After that day, Dean begins to win on that particular subject. Two hours a day are set aside for Cas and Dean to do the hard jobs together, and then Cas does rounds three times a week.
“It’s a sin, really. How much I love you. Blasphemy. Sacrilege. Idolism.
“A meteor,” Cas supplies, looking at Dean instead.
Dean is struck with the immediate feeling that he’d been given the world.
Enjoy!
Castiel is at the end of his rope, hopelessly gripping at frayed knots.
Children don’t manifest in the womb.
The words, the titles, and… even the reasons came flooding into his mind, too quickly for Dean to even acknowledge them. He simply filed them away until he got there.
Dean, after a minute (or ten) of circling, parks Baby in a decent spot. He gets out, followed by Cas, who meets his eyes with a smile when his head pops over the hood, then Jack, who jumps out and practically skips to Cas’ side, then Sam, who is apparently the only one capable of acting normal, save for the huge grin plastered on his face.
Oh noooo
“Um, they and them ‘n stuff is good. I don’t really care. She/her’s fine too I guess. Claire’s good, I like it, but I’ll tell you if not.”
“I’m,” Cas pauses, thinking for a moment, “I’m glad they’re getting past their differences, I suppose.”
He steps back, and Dean’s body moves, tilts, and crumbles to the ground like some kind of sick ragdoll. Lifeless.
“Dean, can I ask a question?”
At one o’clock, Castiel steps out of his room in The Sanctuary. He walks down the hallway, his steps thudding against the concrete. He reaches the common room, and all of the mingling voices suddenly quiet. Nobody reaches out to him, not like last night, and god is he glad.
Dean makes it through this night happily, talking and having a good time. They get boba, but Cas has to give his too Dean. Too many squishy things in his drink. Dean ends up throwing them both away, despite saying it tasted good in the beginning.
. And your beauty is reflective of that of your soul, which is… radiant.. But you are… like I said; looking you in the eyes, and knowing that I can? That it’s something I’m allowed, that I won’t be punished for? It’s like looking into the face of all that is divine in this world and beyond.
wanna hear about that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Like the cat that got the fucking cream, he thought.
Cas smiles, pulling his mug to his lips and furrowing his eyebrows when nothing comes to them. When did he finish off his coffee?
It’s not like he needs a house, to be honest. Who wants that when they’ve got an underground bunker that rivals the size of the largest mansions in the world?
“And does Jody know?” Dean asks as he switches back to his spot, settling into the couch. This is gentle, and he hopes his sympathetic smile speaks for him. He’s never been all that good with words, but his actions have always worked for him.
(See the end of the chapter for
care, but hey. There’s no reason to not ask, and he’s rewarded(or so Cas thinks, he assumes) with Cas wrapping his arms around Dean’s middle, pressing a kiss into his collarbone. They look like a couple already. Hell, Cas seems to have no inhibitions. Which, is cool and all, for him, but it just means more time like this with Cas.
“I know Dean,” Claire says, staring out the window.
His head tilts and his lips flatten into a line, before he shakes his head. “Charlie, I manifested 20 years ago, you can at the very least say I have powers.” He laughs softly. “You do too!”
Dean was supposed to leave.
He’s rocking against Cas now, grinding up into him and running his hands through his hair. But he never moves any further. His hands don’t move to Cas’ clothing, his lips don’t ever trail. The movement simply serves as payment, Cas thinks. Friction and pleasure in return for sating Dean. Cas, of course, doesn’t need this, but he appreciates the way Dean’s heels dig into his back and his thighs press down on Cas’ nevertheless.
His eyes squeeze shut, and his whole body curls around that of his brother as his eyes open and he looks towards the entrance of the barn, where lights are shattering and wind is flowing through, knocking tools inside the barn down and blowing hay everywhere.
Okay, Dean gets it.
Cas keeps going until finally he sighs, closing his eyes. “Sorry, you said hang out. And I’m thinking about all the work I have to do.” He says, opening his eyes and sitting up out of the slouch he had entered at… some point.
“Neither have you.” Cas says, as though Dean isn’t perfectly aware.
Sam raises her eyebrow, and Claire throws her a light smile in playful apology.
He needs to give himself to Dean. He needs Dean to take what he can, because he needs Dean to take every bit of him that he will.
“Cas.” Dean breathes, stepping forward.
“Yeah, Jack, I got to be a girl.”
“I’ve been running missions since I was fifteen years old. I know what I’m doing.”
“Being in love with you, it was, it
Cas takes in a deep, choking gasp, his nails digging into the flesh beside his shins.
So Cas, may or may not, happen to be touch starved.
At the end of Chapter 15, you guys can hop into my inbox and, if you'd like, I will explain why these next few chapters are short. Unfortunately, that will require spoilers, so, end of Chapter 15, kay? Anything else, though, you can send here or, as always, @angelfamilydrama on tumblr!
After the first loud step, they falter, but then continue, and Cas lets out a soft groan, throwing his arm over his eyes. He most definitely should have gone up to his house. Or even to one of the rooms. He can’t help but feel like some sort of dramatic teenager, but he doesn’t care.
A couple seconds pass, but it feels like an eternity. Finally,
“Yes?”
Jack, Cas’ wonderful, bubbly son, looks down at the floor and bites his cheek.
“Gabriel, I
“I was all set to send them down to Earth, they were near perfection. Then Gabriel wanted to mess with me. And he, being an archangel, was more powerful and more capable. So he turned them the color of Lucifer’s wings and sent them down to Earth before I could repair them.”
Cas shrugs. “I did… a lot of work yesterday. There wasn’t much to do today. Which, wow, that’s the first time I’ve said something like that since I was fifteen years old.”
He couldn’t bear to feel one more person reach out to touch him, or hear their concerned tones, or see their sad faces.
Well, they’d expected Dean to be John Winchester.
Dean’s eyes bug out, and he splutters for a moment, before stepping forward and putting a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Cas… Cas, I’m sorry. How’d he get caught?”
And suddenly Dean realizes why Cas had left them alone.
A young woman walks with her frien- girlfriend(they’re holding hands, apparently). She has giant horns sprouting out the tops of her head, almost two feet tall, including curves.
He wakes up late, yes, but they’ve both been acting like he hasn’t been crashing into their bed at 1am.
Cas finally gets a hold on his breathing, but tears are still squeezing their way out of his eyes.
Now, envy he caught on his own.
The Righteous Man, remade in Castiel’s image. Remade as Cas saw him, as he wanted him. And he was beautiful. Truly, and fully, the man that Castiel saved that day, the man that he
“Where’s Sammy? Did he leave without us? I knew he’d help those kids first, the sap.”
“That’s an interesting take, Dean.” Cas says, and he scoots his chair in, folding his arms over the table and holding eye contact with the other man.
Gabriel pauses, seemingly concerned. “Did he do something? Something to you?” Cas looks over at him with wide eyes and Gabriel holds his gaze.
“Let’s head home, Cas.”
This is an Angel.
Dean smiles, taking the remote. “Thanks, Cas.”
Cas steps closer, pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips before he can continue.
Dean seems like this is a chore. He’s still soft with Cas, pressing his hands everywhere and exploring with his eyes. But his lips move tiredly. He wants more, yes, but he acts as though it’s not priority number one. Which is, again, new. New and terrifying.
It may or may not be due to the fact that Cas cas fallen hopelessly in love with this man in the matter of a month.
Hello, Loves! First off, the offer still stands; if something gets to heavy for you, let me know! I'll happily tell you what happened this chapter so you can move on.
“Cas-“ he finally says, but Cas kisses him.
They’re moving up, away from the wings, into the sky. As they do so, separating from the wings, they start to fizzle out, like they’ve lost their fuel.
“Dean, aren’t you supposed to be undercover?”
Nevertheless, Dean had to suck in all the breath his lungs will take and exhale three or four times before he opens up Baby’s door and steps out.
You might say he has a crack in his chassis.
“I, um…” Dean looks at the floor, shuffling his feet, and Cas immediately understands, his eyebrows rising. He can’t help but hold the door open, ushering the man in.
He does desire him, in all ways. It manifests in the physical, the most carnal, the most primal manners as well, but Castiel simply
“Babe, I know what I’m doing. I cut Jack’s hair when they need it, I even cut my hair a few times. I’d do it more if it wasn’t short. This’ll be fine. If you wanna helicopter, sit in the bathtub with Claire.” Dean says, smiling at Cas in a way that Cas has come to realize is sarcastic.
Years,
Cas kisses Dean Winchester, and he kisses him like it’s the last time. Like Dean may never let him again.
“I love you too, Dean.” Cas smiles lightly, kissing Dean. They sit there like that, languidly making out, filled with smiles and gentle affirmations. Cas eventually starts to explore (he always does) Dean’s torso as well, pressing two or three kisses to his chest, neck, or arms before returning to his lips. When Cas presses kisses to the two light scars under his nipples, he sighs, but he feels his face and neck turn red. When Cas doesn’t hear any arguments, he showers the spots with attention before returning to Dean’s lips.
Dean can’t help himself, he practically leans into the field, over the fence.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes?” Cas asks, pulling away from the kiss and running his hands up and down Dean’s sides. His smile, turned up and the corners and wrinkling crow’s feet into the sides of his eyes, makes Dean’s heart melt. Especially when that heart reminds him that that smile is all his. It’s just for him.
.” Cas says.
, whom he despises, he would kill you without a second thought.”
“Yeah.” Charlie says, and she goes quiet, looking up at the ceiling.
“No, no, I don’t want to. It was just surprising.” Dean says, and he very clearly forced himself to regain his composure. Cas is grateful, though. Dean recovers quickly. That’s admirable.
Dean lets out a huff of a laugh, and they enter the ticket booth line. Dean knows he’s adding to their wonderful little family portrait, but he can’t help himself anymore; he takes Cas’ hand, smiling over at him. Cas returns the smile, raising his eyebrows slightly.
“When I was five years old, a gun was shoved into my hand.” Dean’s eyes lift, and he meets eyes with the captain. His father. The other hands on that gun. “‘Dean,’ my father’s voice said, ‘one of those
So they sit there, quiet, as Cas looks for a place to park. Finally, trees start lining either side of the road, and Cas drives off the street.
Sammy looks down at Jack, his eyes wide. He has, virtually, the same expression as Jack.
He glances at Charlie, and she nods, but she stops walking. She steps back, resting her back against a pillar and kicking up her leg. “Good luck.”
He has to be.
Cas gets a chance to look Dean over as he eats the sandwich Cas gave him. He looks like a good weight, but he’s eating like he hasn’t done so in a week. He’s already downed one cup of water, and is halfway through the second one. He’s wearing dirty clothes, but he doesn’t smell at all. Speaking of…
The first time had been weird. Like, really weird, but he had overlooked it.
, they all whisper cruelly, their voices low and gravely, cold in the distance.
“Holy shit,” they say, looking up at Dean. “You’re-”
.” He laughs. “Well, I’ve been hearing that for years. Get in line. Guys, these people aren’t demons. They’re not monsters. They’re not evil. They’re
The ice freezes him solid.
“Yeah, I guess. And then your brothers are doing fine, getting a lot of the shopping done. Although there seems to be a shortage of toilet paper in the nearest store, so they want to head out and take some friends, see if they can find some somewhere else. Every time we take in someone new, though, I get more and more worried we’ll run out of supplies.”
slept together since I came back. That was, what, two months ago?”
Cas shakes his head immediately. In fact, the thought almost brings him to laughter. If
Sam can’t even open his eyes.
Hand after hand raises, and Dean’s chest swells. Even Jody and Donna, who aren’t in his department, raise their hands.
Sam gets introduced to the inhabitants of the Sanctuary, but Dean feels a sore, heavy weight on his chest as Sam learns more and more about the place Dean's been living in.
He asks Charlie, and gets,
Suddenly Dean’s heart pounds and his eyes even burn a little bit at the story.
Make sure Lucifer and Michael really are getting along well.
Dean,
Cas knows that feeling all too well, being scared of himself.
Okay, Dean Winchester’s interest is not only piqued, it’s also peaked. So he gets his keys out of his jacket, throwing on a t-shirt and standing up.
When Kaia joined the ranks, and started dating Claire, she became a daughter too. More like an in-law, sure, but she’s his daughter too.
And every time he does it, Cas lets out a soft laugh, biting Dean’s lower lip lightly, before returning to the kiss. It lasts a little longer than the last time they’d kissed, but it only stops when Dean has his hands up the back of Cas’ shirt. His fingers hit a dip in the skin, and Cas pulls away, eyes wide.
It’s different for him than it is for humans, because Castiel wants -
“Okay. Are you actually a pyrokinetic? Or was this part of Dean’s…” Castiel’s words catch in his throat, so he simply clears it and continues, “elaborate plan?”
“Cas, it’s good, I don’t mind. You’ve got a lot of stuff rattling around up there in your head. Lots o’ stuff to do. I don’t blame you.”
He cannot die.
“Cas, trust me, I get it. But you’ve gotta cut it down. I don’t know, if you can’t do it for yourself… think of it as doing me a favor. ‘Kay?”
Kelly is a single mom, about six months pregnant, and Cas takes care of her as though the child is his. (It’s not, but he has a couple sneaking suspicions.)
, but he comes from the street. He manages to flirt with me at any turn. He hardly uses his powers anymore, but he used to. His name’s Crowley. He’s the one actually named after a demon, and yet he’s still kind and true. Deep, deep, deep down, but it’s there.
“Oh.” Sam lets out another, softer breath, and Castiel very pointedly doesn’t look at him, his eyes fixed on a bedpost across the room. “Cas, I’m so-“
Dean hunts with Claire.
He watches a boy with a cat, openly holding a conversation. Dean’s eyebrows furrow at that, but they’re out of sight quickly.
His hands shake as he holds it in his lap, but he tries breathing again.
“Put down the holster.”
Well, they were right about one thing.
Ooooo the beginning of my favorite arc. Enjoy m'loves! <3
Cas had hoped that doing his work would be a decent distraction.
“Okay, okay, we get it, you’re a big boy. Put the thigh holster down, Dean.”
Dean meets a new girl in The Sanctuary, and discovers a new power he hadn't heard of before that forces him to confront some things he isn't so fond of.
But Dean stares at the blade he has in his hand after he takes it. He twists it and he admires it, like this is the first time he’s seen it.
Dean was supposed to move on. He was supposed to live until all that he could have was the mundane.
“Jack, um, told me about how sometimes they feel… confused about the ways that humans refer to gender. They told me that they didn’t want to ask
Cas looks over at him, eyebrows furrowed. “Yes. Although they were supposed to be white. They were quite beautiful,” Cas looks back to the birds, “before Gabriel messed them up.”
Now! I know I didn't address everything I possibly could have. I know some of you still have questions! I know (or at least hope) that you guys will be missing our lil dudes. So, I have an announcement! While this will be most likely the longest work, I am looking to add things to this series in the form of one shots or non compliant drabbles! There's even been talk or a prequel! Now, this fic has just been added to a series, so if you want to get notified when there's more, just subscribe! I am working on another project right now, so I can’t promise anything... tomorrow, but you will get one soon, I’m sure! I already miss this AU.
He loses himself in the fantasy, before being rudely awakened from his sleepy thoughts of Dean by footsteps that echo loudly in the large room. They’re trying to repress themselves, and failing vastly.
For a split second, all Dean can see is white light. Bright, blinding light.
“Give me your phone.” Castiel says, eyebrows raised and hand outstretched.
He watches as Dean climbs into the bathtub so he’s facing Claire, spiking up their hair with wax.
they can pull each other up, together.
Dean flinches slightly but his smile doesn’t move.
Cas’ eyes meet Dean’s with a flaming intensity, and he says, “There was no operation, Dean. Do you see a hospital anywhere down there? I was given way too much Advil for a child, I was held down, and a wire was wrapped around the base of my wings. I passed out, I woke up, they were gone.”
Dean’s and Cas’ Top 13 Zepp
“I’m glad. That’s good for her. She’s needed someone like that for a while now, I think.”
Ooooo get ready for one of my favorites! (Most of my favorites are in the second half.) Enjoy!
“Come on, it’s okay. I’ll get you some food and water, we can talk when you’re ready.”
Cas. He needs to pick for Cas.
a rainbow. His hair is purple, white, grey, and black, and his tie is the same colors.
“Well, okay. Jacko here,” Claire throws an arm around Jack, but smiles at him despite her tease, “started talking to me a while ago.
“Benny, I need to round up the whole magic department. We’ll meet in the Squad Room. Help me?” Dean replies. And he knows it’s simplistic, he knows it doesn’t answer any questions, but he can’t say it twice. It’s all bottled up, in a small jar, behind a wall in the back of his mind. If he takes down the wall, if he opens the jar, there’s no rebuilding the wall. There’s no closing the jar.
Dean notices too. He sits up straight, his mouth open in a pretty little o. His eyes are big and they’re sparkling. Not with tears, just
Charlie bursts in on a very... well, on a very Dean.
Jack walks up to Cas and Dean, his arms piled full with stuffed animals.
“What?”
“Just avoid them, Dean. The case.”
gone.
“You’re not… upset?” Claire asks.
“Of course, Cas. Um, actually, would you mind… staying? I have my laptop, we can play movies, listen to music?”
He had been wrong.
Claire crashes into him, wrapping their arms around him, and he understands.
But he comes back to himself with a gasp. The jolting feeling that’s vaguely familiar from millennia prior.
I'm going to cry. Enjoy.
“What do you suggest?”
people use for those with magic. Granted, some people in the magical community are okay with it. But he’s seen one too many people wince at the words that the rule was bound to be instilled.
He gets the kids, and he stumbles out of the barn without saying a word.
Cas glances over his shoulder towards Charlie, who nods, and the man- Dean’s eyebrows furrow further into his frown. “Help you with what?” Cas asks, his eyes returned to Dean.
Castiel cannot feel.
Dean’s legs do bow outward, so this position is even harder to be in than it normally would, but they make it work.
The world is silent.
Apparently Claire said that last bit aloud, and Dean offered a light smile.
A knock cuts him off. At first it’s three raps, urgent, then two soft knocks, as though the person had given up on being stubborn before the door had even been opened.
It’s not challenging, or teasing.
This goes on for a few minutes. It goes on for a few minutes, Dean’s eyes closed and his chest heaving. Cas’ fingers brushing through his hair.
“Cas, look!” Jack yells from in front of them, pointing toward a cage. Cas is smiling beside Dean knowingly, like he already knows what Jack is looking at.
things some people will never know about, and he’s thrown a punch at God.
Sam even let out a gasp, the second Dean hit him, like the impact had reminded him to breathe.
I hope you've enjoyed, because I've more than adored our journey together.  <3
Cas reaches up, very gently placing his hand on the side of Dean’s face.
Dean’s eyes immediately lift to Cas’, and they’re wide. Perhaps with understanding? Surprise? Cas isn’t quite sure. Dean continues, “It started a year ago. I thought they were just dreams at first… Ya know, vivid ones.”
The other, though, is a deep, dark black. A color Dean’s never even seen on an owl before. It’s beautiful.
“No, I guess not. Or at least if you were, I’d hope you’d tell me. I think I’d make a pretty good post-homicide therapist. Or I could at least help bury the body.”
After dinner, they walk back to the common room, before Cas offers to take Dean up to the small house atop the bunker.
Cas happily kisses back, in a way that easily gets his,
He awakes to whispered conversation, below and above him. He lets out a grumble of, “shut up,” nuzzling down further into the cool mass below him.
rings in Cas’ head as Dean wraps his lips around the cut he made.
Cas nods, squeezing Dean’s hand gently. A quiet encouragement.
“The… you… you designed the pink birds that stand on one leg?”
They’re black. Inky black, like the sky above them if it had no stars, no moon.
“Cas, I’m-I’m so sor-“ Dean starts, but Cas shakes his head. He shakes it as fast as he can, tries to cut Dean off before the end.
“Here,” Cas whispers, stepping to the side and grabbing his blade from its usual resting place.
“I don’t know. I’m scared, to be honest. I don’t know… when it’ll happen, I don’t know why it happens, it just does.” Dean goes quiet, and his eyes return to the table, but they look less sad than they had. He looks like he isn’t carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders. Cas counts that as a win.
He clenches his teeth together, and even as air fills his lungs, he can't breathe. It feels like he will never breathe again.
“Oh, um, I was getting some water. Why are you on the couch?” Dean asks, circling the couch itself. “And why aren’t you asleep?”
They drive in a comfortable silence. They always do, when Cas drives. Dean doesn’t understand the urge to have that kind of quiet, but hey. Dean made the rule himself. He never thought it’d come back and bite him in the ass, though.
Cas slowly eased into the same thing.
Cas, of course, latches onto his side. Dean lets out a sigh of relief at the human radiator.
He might be hyperventilating now, because Dean counts his breaths with him until they steady again.
“Oh, um, no. It went up in the… the fire.”
The righteous man will be saved.
No one lets him get through his apology.
For the rest of the day, Jack holds a fixation on the airborne and the waterborne animals, but the owls are a point of extra excitement.
It’s been eleven months and 20 days since Dean came back, having called off the mission and the raid on The Sanctuary. Closed the case. And it’s been eleven months and 20 days since the day they decided would be their anniversary.
When Cas pulls away, he takes Dean’s hand, and he starts tugging him through the forest once again.
“Sam, I need to ask you a few questions, a few favors, and then I’m going to tell you exactly what you’re going to do, and
“Um, yeah, it was, but now that you mention it… there is something else.”
“I’m going to start going around for devices tomorrow morning, the first room at 7am sharp. Everything should be running as normal, but we are going to have to be much more careful and safe. We can’t risk another infiltration. And, I’m going to have to ask something from you all.”
Dean speaks Zeppelin. He’s got it all down. The problem is that he can’t get it down to thirteen. And because of this, he can’t even start with one.
“How’re Kevin and Linda doing in the kitchen?”
! Now I am.” Dean says, before sighing. Cas watches the tension leave Dean’s shoulders as Cas steps forward, taking Dean’s hands.
be in his ears at 1am. Hell no. Bad idea.
, hey.” Dean replies gently. “You’re doing all their work.”
“Can you…” Dean starts, before leaning in and pressing a comforting kiss to the top of Cas’ head, in hopes of getting him to talk. “Can you tell me about them?”
“They’re very nice.” Dean says. “I like the… colors.”
He had
He calls over Sam, before handing him the lion. “You have the same hair.” He says, smiling brightly.
The moment Dean’s head hit Sam’s shoulder, Sam broke. He broke down in screams and sobs and he didn’t care who heard him. He was sure he’d blacked out. The world was static.
Dean watches the feathers ruffle and twist a bit as Cas says this, and Dean’s brow furrows.
“You have to understand, I-“
“Charlie.” Cas raises an eyebrow, to which Charlie concedes, putting her hands up.
“In your dreams, Lafitte.” With that, Dean laughs, adding, “Clearly I’m a taken man.” Before hanging up.
He finds himself sitting down on the bed behind him, looking up at Dean with confusion in his eyes.
Cas takes his hand back, but his smile also remains, soft and gentle. Understanding. “Don’t be nervous. You’ll be okay. I think they’ll like you. Although I should warn you, there are… many, many people down there.”
“I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Cas whispers as Dean sits down.
Dean may or may not be attempting to serenade his boyfriend with someone else’s voice.
Dean kicks Cas’ shin, shaking his head and laughing. “Bastard. You’re staring at me. Why?”
Manufactured to obey. Manufactured to be righteous. Manufactured, his kind is, to be holy.
Five.
He walks out of the kitchen and back to the table in the living room, sitting back down across from Dean. He slides Dean’s cup across the table, offering a light smile. “So, Dean, I’d like to tell you a story.”
Dean thinks. Each wing’s gotta be 20 feet long, and those flames run the highest, even though the wings are spread wide out to his sides.
He forces it to warm up, and he packs sympathy in his eyes.
He’s wearing his big overcoat along with his suit. It’s not something he generally wears around The Sanctuary, usually just wearing it outside.
“Shut up, Dean.” Cas mumbles happily, and Dean laughs, his grin growing and his grip on Cas tightening.
Well, he got their attention.
Dean requests a room beside Sam’s, and Cas allows it. Well, Cas allows it, because why wouldn’t he?
. I’m
If he thought about it, if he allowed himself for just a second, he’d think about Dean’s father. Sam’s father.
And, hell, if they didn’t both now know,
“No, I… I really am. Jessica, my girlfriend, is really dead, and it is really… really my fault.”
“Cas, Cas, hey, please,
They look so
Dean and Cas sit down at the same table, across from each other. Dean has two plates, and Cas has half of one. Dean eats quickly, while Cas eats at half his speed. Cas’ eyes, generally, are set on Dean.
Claire is warming up to Dean, thank god.
They sleep, and they sleep, much longer and much deeper than they had any night prior.
Charlie blinks, her lips flattening into a line. “What a wonderful plan.” She deadpans, sighing.
“Yeah. I’m just, um… I wanted to say I’m sorry. For everything that’s happened this past month or two, I’ve bee-”
“There’s so much to tell you, Cas.”
Jack, you know, the three year old.
He thinks on that as he waits.
“Wait, Cas, I… I wanted to tell you something.”
Claire’s eyes are closed the whole time, their body still. So finally, Dean stands up, and takes their hand, leading them to stand. The both of them step out of the bathtub, and Dean guides Claire to the mirror.
Cas stands up, kissing Dean’s forehead and following Sam and Jack.
“Charlie, just… please.” Cas lets out a sigh, and he swallows it all back down. He can practically feel his emotions as they go down with the bile, settling in the pit of his stomach.
“Seriously, I’m sorry. I’ve just… I’ve been doing this forever. Even before I took over, I was doing maybe half this workload at ten. So…” Cas shrugs.
He hops on top of it, before looking around. He can clearly see everyone right now, and god, it hurts.
The crowd nods, as though entranced.
“The top set,” Cas says, the wings in question coming around to cover Cas’ face, “were to keep eyes from setting upon the face of God.”
Charlie makes her way back into the living room in a similar fashion as Cas had earlier, her steps careful and her eyes focused on the mugs in her hands. Her lips press into each other, before she bites her lower lip with focus. Finally she reaches the couches, smiling and handing Cas his mug.
Just as his brain starts slipping away, his mind shifts to Dean. Just as it always does before sleep.
“That’s good. And, hm, what about Kaia?”
“But it’s not because I belong to you, I understand that now.
“Dean, I love you, I do, but I’d rather not talk about my best friend’s sex life.”
Dean decked Michael for talking to Daniel with a less than pleasant tone.
“Your brother’s a cop.”
Dean is getting easier to be around. At first- after the initial aftershock/afterglow of their getting back together- it was hard. It was scary, and tentative, and Cas could feel it from Dean too.
Dean opens his mouth, and he sucks in a breath, and Cas braces himself. His shoulders tense and he can feel his heart pick up in beat.
“I see salvation in the depths of your soul.
He wakes up at 10, sometimes 11, and in Dean’s arms. Or with Dean in his arms. Or, hell, back to back. He wakes up with Dean, and being in that moment is all that matters. Dean promises now, that he’s never going to leave before Cas wakes up.
killed your mother. You ever see one of those? You shoot it between the eyes without a moment’s thought.’” Dean mocks in a low voice, almost a growl. “My mom died when I was four year old. A pyrokinetic- a demon, a fire thrower, as you guys call them- set our house on fire. We still don’t know why, he wouldn’t talk when we caught him, but it doesn’t matter. He was executed within the month.” Dean sucks on the inside of his teeth. “We’re taught from babies, from children, that people who have abilities that edge on unnatural are monsters. We’re taught that they’re second class citizens- hell, we’re taught that they’re not citizens at all. That they deserve death for doing nothing but existing! Why? There’s no point, really, it makes no sense. We’re going backwards. We’re not on the right side of history, you know? And more important, we’re hurting
The end was always going to be their beginning.
“That’s… huh. Wow.” Sam blinks, and she turns around. Jack sees her smooth out her skirt at the knees, and they know she’s thinking.
The world goes silent.
“Eleven.” Charlie says, before checking her phone. “Thirty. Eleven thirty.”
It takes Dean’s breath away as Cas continues to explain.
He presses kisses to the bends of each wing, feeling them shiver beneath his touch. He kisses the tips of them too, and it sends sparks of electricity through his nervous system.
“Cas, please.” Dean says. “C’mon, let me help you, at least. You’ll get everything done in half time. So let’s make a list, at the beginning of the day. Ten things max in the beginning, and I’ll help you. And when you’re done, you can make rounds, or you can be done for the day, okay?”
It hits him, not like a train but more like a wave. It blows over him. This touch, this gentle touch, could kill Dean. In a second, with little to no effort. Hell, if he did so much as let go of his emotions too much, it would. But Dean leans into it, closing his eyes. Trusting.
Dean bites his tongue in an effort to keep from saying, “Cas what the fuck are you doing?” Because that, as much as he doesn’t want to, is all that comes to mind.
“Dean?” Claire asks, sitting up and smiling.
Cas opens his eyes and looks at Dean.
“Thanks, Charlie. And I’m glad you are too, of course.”
And that’s what Dean’s telling him now.
Dean did get offered a discount, though. He refused it, on the basis of the fact that the person had leaned in close to him and Sam, a hand blocking out Cas and Jack, and whispered, “I can get you a… you know…
Dean looks… heartbroken. When Cas looks up at him, he looks sad. It’s more raw, vulnerable, than Cas has ever seen him.
He clutches onto Cas at any given opportunity, wrapping his legs around Cas’ or holding both of his hands when it’s inconvenient.
“I know. I’ll get more. Call me next week, same time.”
Cas hesitates, before nodding. “Yes. My powers are… Life and Death, to be specific.”
This is what Dean wants. This is what Cas
Despite the intensity in his eyes, Cas regards Dean with a soft expression. He turns from Dean and walks away, around 4 feet separated from Dean when he turns back.
) full of pennies.
Many people look sad, like they do have questions, but Castiel hops down off of the couch.
“Well, I think they’re
There’s no evidence that they were ever there, sparing some ashes on the forest floor.
Girls!! My girls!!
It’s been forever, far too long, since he smiled like this. He couldn’t remember a single time in the past 20 years.
his siblings scream at him, and they’re right.
Why on Earth shouldn’t he let Dean in?
“Alright,” Dean clears his throat, before beginning, “I’m sure you all know where I’ve been these past months, yeah?”
“Sure. Yeah, of course, Dean,” Cas says, and he smiles that sweet little smile again, adding, “There’s nothing I don’t trust you with. Nothing I wouldn’t do for you. I just can’t remember a time in any recent history where a human saw a seraph’s wings. The most recent in my memory is Isaiah.”
Cas is not addicted to the way Dean looks from below. Not even a little bit.
Dean doesn’t even get a chance to hear him. John is making his way to Dean with a hand raised, but Jody and Donna are between him and Dean within moments.
“Well, no need to check in now. I mean, unless you so desperately wish to.” Dean smirks a little, letting the tease hang in the air for a moment before continuing. “It’s, what, one in the morning? Stop thinking about work for once. You’re obviously tired.”
“Hey, kid, wait,” Dean says, quickly shifting around to sit beside them. “Hey, are you okay? I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you, I-”
When Dean becomes enveloped in darkness that smells of thunderstorms and petrichor.
“It’s fine, Dean.” Cas says gently. “They’re just my scars.”
Crickets chirp around them, and owls call out. There’s the buzzing of little insects, and the scuffle of small animals running around. The snap of a branch that doesn’t even set Dean on edge anymore.
“Love, do me a favor and shut the fuck up.”
“I think I’d like that.” Cas murmurs, and the both of them get up. Cas is attached to Dean’s side, spare the moment they both pull on shirts and something to cover their feet. The second they come back together, though, Cas has his arms around Dean’s waist as they walk together, and Dean’s arm is wrapped around Cas’ shoulders.
“Well, not in here, no. Also, of all wings, you wouldn’t want to see mine, Dean. They’ve lost their flight feathers and much of the general plumage is missing as well. They’re not all that pretty.” Cas says, and his head is rested against Dean’s shoulder, as though in pain. No, not pain. Embarrassment.
“I’m glad you’re doing better, Charlie. I’m assuming it’s helping?” He asks, tilting his head slightly.
. That’s what I do. That’s what I want to do. Hell, that’s the only reason I’m still here. And there was a time I believed that the best way to save everyone was to get all people with magic off the street. And when they were out of my hands, well… they were out of my hands.” Dean sighs. “I’m going to regret all the people I sent off without a second thought for the rest of my life.”
And he watches Dean start on Claire’s hair.
His hands are hidden behind his back, and his eyes are digging into the floor. Cas follows his eyes, and he sees Dean’s feet shifting nervously.
“Oh?” Dean smirks a bit and leans forward again, raising an eyebrow.
Well, almost always.
“Yeah, I’ll try.”
That earns him a couple glares, a particularly cold one from the Captain, who says, “Get on with it, Dean.”
Cas wonders, does Dean feel the same thing? The pounding in his chest? The magnets in his very soul, drawing him?
he remembers telling himself.
“Um, yeah. As soon as you see them, though, head down to The Sanctuary. Let the others know someone’s here. And do
“Cas-Castiel? What happened?”
The next, they’re laying on his bed, curled under the sheets and still clutching into each other. Cas’ tears have gone dry and stale in lines down his cheeks, and Dean’s have done the same.
He squeezes his eyes shut, trying to force out the memories, the phantom pains and sensations.
“Yeah, I get it. Things are really slowing down, I think. The newest people we have are starting to settle in and be content, and we’re not getting any
“Dean, we can do-“
Well, there are some benefits to this situation, Dean supposes.
He collapses.
She hated him at first, for the same reason Charlie did. She’s an empath, like Charlie, so she just got bad feelings from him. But now that she’s getting the right kind from him, she smiles and interacts with him more. She takes him on her hunts, even. Kaia still doesn’t like him, so that makes Claire a little wary, but overall, they’re getting used to him, and even enjoying his being around.
Dean sits in that uncomfortable library chair, and his knuckles go white on his pencil.
it says on the handle, etched in with a knife and drawn over with graphite.
He wonders silently.
Once again, hate mail goes to @angelfamilydrama of tumblr, or right here!
Or is that only when he’s happy?
“Yes. It’s a very strong color, Dean. Bold.” Cas looks back to Dean, a very familiar squint set upon his face.
Secondly, I haven't gotten the chance to send individual replies, but please know, all your comments are greatly appreciated and I have read them and I am grateful for them all.
Cas practically lunges toward Dean, and within seconds their lips are jammed together, still and awkward at first. Dean’s cut off from whatever he was saying, but he’s still the first to move, his lips gleefully melding with Cas’.
“Seraphim were originally meant to guard the throne of god. They would purify any who attempted entrance with fire and coals. Because they were in front of God, the lower set of wings,” Cas stepped away from their embrace, facing Dean for demonstration, “was to cover one’s feet, too unclean for his eyes.”
Dean walks over, his footsteps falling in sync beside Cas’, and Sam does the same. Dean glances over and yep, sure enough, Jack is on the other side of Cas, looking inches away from grabbing his dad’s wrist and dragging him toward the Zoo’s entrance before them.
His chin is raised, and his eyes cold as his arms swing in a determined fashion at his side.
“Testing your wingspan again?” Cas asks, eyebrow raised.
“Thank you.” He croaks out eventually, and Dean nods. Very lightly, of course, because Cas is still tucked up underneath his chin.
“You know, Cas, if you just wanted some private time away from the kids-“
“I’m well aware that I’m tired, Dean.” Cas says, but he offers a smile. “And yes.” He flips over, laying on his stomach. “I do so ‘desperately wish’ to check in on you.” This one is a full tease, and he hopes he’s giving Dean even just an ounce of his own medicine. He sits up, and Dean moves into the spot where Cas’ head had once been.
Anyways! This is the last Cas chapter, guys! On that front, I hope you enjoy. <3
Cas says, and Dean can see his smile in the back of his mind,
“I’ve never found a single place like that in all my twenty-five years, but I’ll let you know when I do. We’ll have to move The Sanctuary there, but, like, just for telepaths and empaths and such.”
His fists clench again, and he speaks, in his same deep cadence, but it comes out broken, like a sob. Like Sam’s never heard it before.
Dean has never known stress like this.
And Cas curls around Dean. He lays his head in Dean’s lap and he wraps the remainder of his body around him.
“You know, I had a female vessel once,” he says thoughtfully, smiling.
“Do you wanna go out on the town with me?” He asks, wiggling his eyebrows.
He wants to scream. He wants to ask Dean,
I'm so sorry
The Gay Panic Support Squad comes to the rescue! Charlie and Kevin assist in recon after Cas' encounter with Dean, and Dean begins getting himself acquainted with The Sanctuary and its inhabitants.
Cas clutches Dean’s body to his chest, pulling every cell of Dean’s body together, healing them all.
Dean hasn’t spoken to him since that night.
“Suck?” Dean raises his eyebrows.
They’ll be scars, of course. Because he can’t heal them anymore.
Dean picks the movie, and Cas, he falls asleep, curled into Dean’s side and at peace for the first time since last night.
He takes some alcohol (actual rubbing alcohol!) from the box, pouring it onto an old rag that used to be flannel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay.” Sam says finally, resigned. He looks blocked off, lacking the vulnerability he’d had just last night.
It’s different, he believes, for humans.
before diving back in.
Or since the morning.
Cas does nothing but grin at him, before tilting his head, baring the front and side of his neck.
He reaches the common room, sitting back and looking around. Benny always did say he had the ‘cop look’. Far too observant, blocked off, seemingly uninterested. It was a skill, certainly, and Dean, well. He’d mastered it.
With that, his attention turns back to Dean’s work with a wince. (Pain’s still new to him, even after all these years of half-angelhood.) Dean’s applying old Super Glue to his wound, sealing it together. As he holds it, he looks up at Cas through his eyelashes, and Cas can’t help himself. His fingers grip into Dean’s hair and pull the man up, before shifting that same arm to rest behind Dean, pulling him close.
Cas takes his blade from the table and hands it to Dean, putting himself yet again at Dean’s mercy. Even as he feels the light inside him fade. Even as he feels the connection to his home- no, his old home- tug away. Even as his wings go numb, he holds eye contact with Dean, placing the blade in his hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
The pounding in his chest is rapid against his ribcage, so hard he can feel it with just a hand on top of the skin.
“Not particularly.” Cas answers, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist, shifting closer and resting his head on Dean’s chest.
“My name is Castiel, but yes, I’m James.”
“Thank you, Dean. Maybe I’ll start doing that more.”
Nothing but his pure, unadulterated adoration and servitude.
He loves
Jack is growing up steadily now. He’s a good, healthy kid. And sweet, too. He’d never do anything to hurt Dean, Cas, or anyone in The Sanctuary.
Freckles, lightly dusting cheekbones and the bridge of a nose.
Cas didn’t even meet his eyes, his head tipped back and his lungs letting out a soft echale of pleasure.
Dean simply nods, before looking forward, head raised and a gentle smile set on his face.
And Dean has joined that flow perfectly, with ease and excellence.
He’s shaking, and he realizes that he’s crying too. He realizes that he and Dean are sobbing into each other’s shoulders, each clutching the other’s back. It’s a painful hug, literally. But god, isn’t it fitting?
His whole body is being pulled deeper and deeper underwater. He has this rope, following him, but it only ever seems to brush his fingertips. No, Cas just keeps sinking, sinking, sinking…
“I’m fine.” He says quickly. “Charlie, I need you to keep an eye on Sam.”
“The color of Lucifer’s wings. They’re much more vibrant than these, though.” Cas gestures toward the birds before them. “They used to be the exact same color. But over time, Gabriel’s… dye wore off. And the vibrancy is lost in captivity too. These are probably the closest to my design that you can get.”
Dean insisted on getting Claire brand new binders. Dean’s, he’d decided, were already stolen or second hand and had been worn for years. They ordered some online too, the higher end stuff. Claire rolled their eyes and sweated at the price tag, but Dean still happily hit order. With a credit card number that is, highly likely, stolen.
Also he’s just tired.
“What?” She holds her hand up. “I could!”
“I’m going to appeal to their nonexistent better nature and hope that the ones that like me also want to side with me.”
Claire’s parents had given themselves over to religion wholly. Jimmy had gone so far to abandon them and allow an Angel (Dean usually prefers not to think about this fact) into his body. Then their grandmother. Then a group home.
name can’t cross Castiel’s mind.
“Kaia’s actually been here nine months as of today. She’s doing much better than when she first arrived, and Claire’s definitely been helping.” Charlie sits back in her seat, and Cas watches her, nodding. “She’s happy. They both are. Ever since she and Kaia got together, Claire’s been a lot happier. More content, less… prickly. Less angry for sure.”
Dean Winchester is not dead.
Dean tells Cas some surprising and shocking information, and Cas, well... Cas reacts.
Dean, Jack can see in the mirror, is flushed and staring ahead, having corrected his course. He doesn’t say a word, and Jack doesn’t understand what’s wrong, so he focuses on Sam and Dad. They’re easier for him to understand anyways.
Dean pauses, thinking through the words sticking on his tongue, on the roof of his mouth, chewy and thick, but impossible to swallow down.
And every time Claire greets him, he can’t help the grin that breaks his face.
“But it’s not. Because that’s not my faith anymore.
Cas lets out a soft chuckle, one corner of his lips curling into a smirk. “Yeah?”
“I love you.” Dean says, grinning as he turns around, tugging his shirt off and walking over to Cas. He puts his hands on Cas’ shoulders, and Cas immediately straightens his legs so Dean can straddle his waist. Dean, of course, complies, smiling.
Cas clears his throat, and though it’s a bit more gravel-ridden than usual, he gets back to his normal voice when he says thank you again.
When his vision clears up, he sees Cas.
Dean sighs, but he’s affectionate, his lips upturned in a smile.
Dean looks at Sam beside Jack, absorbed in his phone but also incapable of holding back a smile, just like Cas.
Dean’ll sit in Cas’ lap, or vice versa, and it’s nice. Dean loves it, being close to Cas. There’s nothing underneath it, no ulterior motive. It’s being close, being intimate, being the annoying couple who sit on the same side of the booth, and being those things just for the sake of it.
Dean also has no biological children.
“Cas, you know this isn’t good for you. Please? We can talk to Charlie, Gabe, whoever you need. Whatever you need to convince you this isn’t right. It’s not good for you.” Dean tugs Cas over to the bed, and Cas sits down with him.
Cas’ surprised, slightly stern face melts into a smile, and he lets his amusement bleed through for her to feel. “Oh, I know,” he leans back in his seat. “I’m just offended you don’t think I can bury a body on my own.”
Dean doesn’t say anything. He stares at Cas, lips now closed, though not firmly.
Shes against the wall, arms crossed, and Castiel is sure to shove it all, every little bit, back behind that wall. She doesn’t need to know how he’s feeling.
“You thought you were lucid dreaming.” Cas supplies, and Dean nods.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas thinks, brushing his fingers through Dean’s hair yet again,
Cas comes around Dean’s front again, and his eyes are glowing bright. They’re blue, but so shrouded in light that they almost look white. They flicker, between that and his usual color, but the inherent otherworldliness of it doesn’t escape Dean.
He hopes he upholds his strong image. He can do this.
He offers a tearful nod, another few wet streaks painting his face. Dean closes his eyes, allowing two more tears to fall as he nuzzles into Cas’ hand. The injured one. The left hand.
A thin crescent, forming half of a broken halo over Cas’ lowered head.
what he intended to say.
The Life Power really is quite nice. It makes him an excellent leader, being able to heal people whenever he may need. That’s not the problem. The problem is that it came after Death.
Cas isn’t working too hard.
“I know you all liked him, but… well, clearly it was ill of fate. I’m sorry. But this has led to some new rules. I’m cracking down on everything currently in place, and everything that needs a new rule will be enforced. We are on lockdown.” Castiel glances around, before spotting a couch with an empty spot.
Cas wakes up… however many hours later, and he’s now laying down fully, curled up around Dean. Dean’s awake, staring at the ceiling. When Cas stirs, looking at Dean with blinking, tired eyes, Dean smiles. It’s warm, his lips curling up and creating an expression that both sets Cas on ice and burns him from the inside out. “Morning, Sunshine.”
“You know, Sam’s never been to the zoo before.” Dean says, watching Sam excitedly chatter about animals that he and Jack passed, their pace much higher than that of Dean as Cas (though they are walking now).
Sam walks over to them with the coin purse, and he pulls a flattened, oval penny out. He hands it to Jack.
Dean and Cas reach Jack, who is pointing inside the cage at two owls. One is white, blindingly so. To the point that Dean thinks it’s reflecting the sun.
Hair that spikes up in the front.
Cas isn’t sure he’d be able to walk otherwise, and even now he’s on trembling legs.
“Well… yeah, I guess.” Dean looks back to Cas. “Isn’t that obvious? I mean, it shows whatever’s…” he hesitates, and Cas tilts his head, trying to beckon the words out of Dean’s mouth. “It shows what’s goin on in someone’s head.” He says, taking a sip of his water.
It was just a
The last.
Dean’s perfect. He is.
He looks at the ground, then meets Cas’ eyes again. He does this a few times, before turning completely and walking out the room.
Dean finally walks over, his footsteps pounding the floor in certainty. He kneels at Cas’ feet, setting a little box beside him on the floor.
Dean nods again. “Well, I guess you’re starting early. And quick.”
Cas is slowly getting better, slowly trusting Dean more and more.
Dean allows the smile on his own face to grow slightly, tapping his fingers lightly on the steering wheel.
In return for helping Cas get out of that mud, Cad had helped Dean too.
He doesn’t blame them.
eyes as he rocks back and forth. He focuses his grace on healing, on fixing.
He’s usually in bed even after breakfast. (Let’s just say, Dean’s previous concerns have been addressed and appeased.)
Cas is not a father, but he has children.
“Yes, Dean. Like in the Bible. If you really want to see my wings, though, we’re going to have to go somewhere open. Like a clearing. Preferably covered, because they’re fairly noticeable, but probably not inside any building. Well, not any building that we don’t want burning down.”
(See the end of the chapter for
There’s three sets, too. The middle one is
Dean’s inhales grow shaky, his exhales shakier.
Dean sees. He sees the show of fragile humanity in Cas, and he closes his mouth again. He takes Cas’ hand, only shifting slightly to reach it. He laces his fingers with Cas, his palm to the back of Cas’ hand.
Claire walks over to Sam and Jack, the farthest away, and tugs them into the bathroom. Jack looks confused, but Sam lets out a huff of a laugh. Claire tugs Cas in then, and then they pull all four of them into a big hug.
Hello! I’ve decided to put the mandatory thanks and long note in the end notes, so I’m going to let you jump right into this! I really do hope you enjoy just as much as I did.
Cas has been waiting for it all night; all up to this moment.
“Yeah,” Sam says, smiling and leaning forward. “Any new pronouns? You need new clothes?”
The morning when he hurled a slur and deflective insults as he ran out the door.
“I receive revelation from your lips.
“Be careful, your magical butt buddies might hear you, Dean.”
Dean makes Cas feel powerful.
Charlie pauses, before starting in a deep, mopey voice, “I don’t know, what do
“Sure, but… Sammy’s different. He’s different from me. Example C,” Dean gestures toward Sam and his wide, dorky grin.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s not supposed to be talking.
Just a light rustle.
, he thinks, and he completely and totally misses Dean’s answer.
It’d be too good to be true, of course. Once his grace is gone, once Dean takes the very last bit, Cas will be just like everything else. Nothing left to give Dean.
Hello, Most Beloveds! It is my pleasure to present to you, the very first sequel to My Sanctuary! It's a short little thing, three mini chapters, but I adore it nevertheless, and I hope y'all agree.
“Yep, that’s us. Claire, Kevin and I could all have a house party.” Charlie raises her eyebrows, setting her coffee onto the side table, looking at Cas where he sits across from her, in a loveseat that dons the same drab grey as the one she’s sitting in. The dullness of the house makes him smile sometimes, nearly laugh. He’s rarely up here anyways, and if someone came in, really took a look at it, and had half of a brain cell, they’d know that. Nearly every surface is covered in dust, except for the ones he and Charlie had occupied during their visit up to the house today. That really only makes up the small living room, and only its couches, as well as the coffee maker in the kitchen.
