John swung a leg over and slid out of the saddle, offering Sherlock a hand to help him down. It was a bizarrely chivalrous gesture that made Sherlock feel warm inside. As he dismounted he slid right into John's embrace and he cupped his face to kiss him.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, as if it were obvious. His face becomes sad then, “I doubt anyone would even have noticed if I had simply stopped turning up for dinner.”
He moves to get off the bench, but John holds out a hand as he steps forward; imploring Sherlock to stay where he is.
He wants to cry, to scream, to curse this vile man, but he can’t find his lips. Mycroft places a gentle hand against his cheek.
For all his reservations, Sherlock had opened up to John in a way he’d not been expecting. He had reached for John eagerly and without fear. John feels his chest warm at the memory.
” he trails off with a sheepish little chuckle, “love you and keep you all the days of my life. And to cherish you, and tell you each and every day how blessed I am to have found you.”
“Busy, hmm? So, how do you like the manor grounds?”
When there are finally walls around him the ambient noise is dampened considerably, its disorienting. Sherlock fights the urge to be sick by attempting to take in his new surroundings. It’s dark at first, the air is thick and musty, they must be underground. Perhaps a cellar or servant’s entrance?
“My name is John. I’m not going to hurt you, I only want to have a look at your injuries.”
Firstly, let me apologize for the absurd delay in this chapter. April turned out to be the month from hell and things still haven't quite calmed down. i feel like i've been on my feet constantly since moving back.
A loud knock sounds at the door, making them both jump. The door is swinging open before either of them can get a word out.
She directed his attention to a cupboard on the wall from which she produced a ledger and writing utensils. She tore free a sheet form the book and opened the ink well. Sherlock did his best to steady his hand so that his instruction would be legible.
“So, what’s your story?” Sherlock asks, hoping to distract himself from the pain in his arm.
A chalice is presented to them, shining silver inlayed with jewels and stamped with the Holmes family crest. Sherlock being the higher ranking between them takes the cup first and places the cool rim to his lips.
“I still do not understand.”
“Where’s Sherlock?”
“I want you,” Sherlock pants, and John closes his mouth over his throat and sucks hard, drawing from Sherlock the most beautiful sound John has ever heard.
Next time, John and Sherlock's simmering romance reaches its boiling point. After, we'll find out how Sherlock ended up in the South.
James Moriarty and his father fled the castle hidden in the mountains before John's troops could apprehend him. Fled like the cowards they are back to their homeland. If the soldiers in pursuit do not capture them before they cross the eastern border they will be permanently beyond John's reach; and he is more eager than he cares to admit to have them in his custody— to make them pay for the suffering they’ve inflicted.
“You mention
“She claims to be,” John says, an edge of disdain in his voice.
“Our guys are doing just fine, we don’t need
“One moment,” John calls, “Sherlock, I apologize. I did not mean—”
The door opens to reveal a tall man with dark blonde hair and a chiseled face, Sebastian Moran. Sherlock's hackles rise as Moran crosses the threshold wordlessly and steps aside to allow someone else to enter behind him.
The sun had just begun to emerge over the distant treetops and Sherlock stretches languidly against John who sighs as he stirs.
Sherlock looks up from the beads he’d been twisting around his hands to meet John’s eyes. Heat floods his body and yet his blood runs cold at their proximity. He wonders how this keeps happening without his notice. He wonders if his senses are beginning to fail him, shut up in this sheltered place.
“He’ll turn up,” Sherlock mutters, “somehow he always does. He’ll find a way to ruin our happiness again, or something else will.”
Suddenly, the music stops and the figure’s head jerks up to fix startled, silvery eyes on John, still standing helplessly in the doorway.
“I’ve been asked to ensure your comfort during your stay.”
“I am what?”
“I was enlisted when the war first began.”
“I won’t ask anymore of you tonight,” John whispers, breaking the peaceful silence, “not unless you want me to.”
John's mouth explores his body for long minutes, rendering Sherlock pliant and breathless as he leaks onto his own abdomen, fluid pooling in his naval. By the time John at last gets around to slicking his fingers, Sherlock is already panting.
No, this didn’t make sense, this couldn’t be right. He could not possibly have just heard those words from that lovely mouth. His passion-pliant body suddenly goes rigid and he straightens himself against the wall, shoving John back.
“That isn’t quite what I meant,” John says, shuffling closer, “yes, there is a pattern, but it’s all just empty words unless you pray them honestly.”
A hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock's breathing has gone rapid and shallow. He strides back and forth across the room for long minutes before John finally stands and steps into his path, halting his progress. He feels a sickening stab of pain in his gut when he sees the tears in Sherlock's eyes.
“Our guys are not doing fine, we’re on victim number five and we’ve got nothing.”
John’s lips purse as he tries to find the right words. “It’s a bit like flattery, I suppose. If you’re only saying the words in hopes of gaining favor. You have to open your heart.”
He can so vividly recall the feeling of John buried deep inside him, John's breath on his skin. He can almost hear the sweet thing’s John would whisper to him.
“It was different,” Sherlock mutters, “hearing it.”
John gets a bit lost in the cat for a moment, mesmerized by its purring before noticing that something— or rather, someone— was missing.
“Yes, my sweet?” his voice is so soft.
“Mike, Sarah,” John begins, his voice level but clearly unhappy, “I have made myself quite clear. I do not want to hear of this again. You are dismissed.”
A squeal of pain wrenches itself from him and he tries to pull away from the touch; only to feel another horrible pang. He’d forgotten about the damage to his arm in the storm of other discomforts.
Mycroft grabs him by the hair and yanks his head up. “Mind your tongue, I ought to do far worse.”
“It was after she left you.” Sherlock has to dig his nails into his palm to keep from snarling.
He identifies Mrs. Hudson by her footsteps before she speaks.
Sherlock feels his face grow hot as a lump expands in his chest.
“I’m sorry,” the stranger breathes, “try to lie still for me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, call me John, please.”
“Yes,” John affirms, “would you not prefer to be at home with your family, rather than in a strange land?”
“Farewell.”
Amir considers the fridge’s contents.
“Very well,” he says at last,” I suppose I can wait just one more night. Come along, Seb.”
I would like this fic to be about 6-7 chapters, hopefully, so we're nearly half way there!
“Yes.” When the word comes its soft and broken, a barely restrained sob. “He brings me before witnesses and hands down punishments at the slightest provocation. I can recall once he struck me so hard I literally could not remember my own name come morning… when I regained consciousness. He frequently locks me in my suite without food for days on end.”
When he cannot undo the buckle Sherlock abandons his attempts to undress John and grabs his face, forcing his head back and crushing their mouths together. John is at first surprised when Sherlock's tongue pushes roughly between his lips, but soon relaxes and permits Sherlock to do as he will with him.
Sherlock obeys.
“I understand,” she says, clearly forcing a smile, “I suppose there’s a certain someone in your life who keeps you rather busy at the moment, anyway.”
Sherlock's heart skipped, he felt oddly daring seeing these words written down.
There is only an inch between them now, Sherlock can feel the heat of John’s body and the racing of his own heart in his chest; he wonders for one wild moment if John can feel it, too.
He wheels around in time to see the vicious gleam in Jim’s black eyes before he is caught round and waist and pulled to the floor. He lands hard on his hip and is forced onto his front. There is a sharp pain in his arm and something dark spreads up his sleeve.
“Sherlock,” he whispers. No response. “You’re alright, breathe. You’re alright.” He keeps his voice soft and slow.
Mycroft steps around Sherlock as if to examine him.
John and Sherlock finally come to an understanding, and then Sherlock gives us a glimpse of what happened to him before John found him.
“I will require the extra force, to protect my dearest little brother.”
John takes both the prince’s hands and stands on his toes to press the lightest kiss to his lips, thumbs running over prominent knuckles.
Greetings my darling readers,
“Sorry, I thought you had a daughter.”
Enjoy, As always, comments are very appreciated!
“I always told father you were weak,” he says conversationally, “and you have proven me right at every opportunity.”
“Sherlock, please,” John says, trying to catch his eye. “You don’t have to hide it, or feel ashamed in any way. I recognize trauma when I see it, you can talk to me.”
There is a heat pooling in him such as he has never felt before, a yearning for this stranger who’s elegant hand he still cradles in his own. John can feel the ghost of Sherlock’s full lips on his, and it takes every last ounce of will he has not to take him then and there. But he fears that any rough handling may break this angel’s delicate frame. God, how he wants.
“Circumstances have changed.”
Quite a bit, he realizes slowly, though he hasn’t the slightest idea how to express any of it.
Sherlock flushes furiously. “i-If you must ph-phrase it that way.,” he stammers indigently, averting his eyes.
“And how many of those habits were formed simply to deal with the pain?” John asks bluntly, and Sherlock tenses. “Believe me, I am no stranger to self-destructive coping mechanisms.”
“Go to him now, I’ll arrange a carriage for first thing in the morning. I think it best to have this over with as quickly as is possible.”
“Hush, sweetheart,” John coos, peppering kisses up and down Sherlock's thighs, “it’s alright, I’ve got you, relax. I’ll make it good for you, I promise, but I need for you to relax.”
Sherlock can hear the smirk. The chamber door closes.
As always, comments are welcome and appreciated!
“Even though the body is fresh, it’s nearly impossible to get a reading on a corpse. I’ve gotten nothing from the last four.”
Sherlock’s eyes flit from John to the keys and back again, “Thank you.”
The journey back from the boarder was hell on John, he was in so much pain, we feared we’d lose him before we had even returned home. That night after he had rested for some hours, I finally told him of what had happened.”
Long hours spent straining his eyes in the harsh glow of dancing flames has left him with a vicious headache, and he feels his eyelids growing heavy. Without realizing, he drifts off.
“And they managed to…” Sherlock trails off not wishing to upset John by asking how only two dozen assassins had managed to kill and entire progress party. “How did they conquer you all so quickly, you had so many people with you.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open, something hot and searingly painful settled in his stomach, “He was meant to be
Sherlock had nearly lost his life in trying to remove the influence of his reckless days form his existence. Not always simply because the withdrawal had torn him to pieces in every way, but because Mycroft had beaten him to within an inch of his sorry life after a particularly trying night.
Jim turns toward the voice with a wicked smile plastered on his pale face.
We are past the halfway point now, at least. Like I said, this story is likely to be between 24-26 chapters. Kind of a short on e this time.
“Can’t be, the scent of blood is too fresh. She’s been dead less than two hours.”
“He won’t grant you asylum just because you’ve slept with him.”
Sherlock bites down hard on his lip.
“You’re going to be alright. Hold on.”
Hello dear readers,
“Yes, thank you,” Sherlock huffs, but quieted at the somber look on John's face. “Go on,” he says, rubbing a thumb across John's jawline.
Sherlock slurs a protest. He wished John would just lay back down beside him and be quiet.
He knows John can see the darkness hanging over him, and much though he wishes he could pretend to be as elated as he knows he should be, he just can’t. it makes him feel selfish and cruel. He got the thing he professed to want more than anything in this world, he and John are together again. But he cannot shake the dread settled deep in his bones.
My dear readers,
“It’s alright,” John’s slurred reply comes unbidden, “I don’t mind.”
“Come on then,” he says, “you aren’t planning to swim fully clothed, are you?”
The story begins to come together for Sherlock but he does not want to talk over John and take away his chance to tell his own tale.
Sherlock scoffs, “Parents may do as they like with their children.”
“I meant to tell you this yesterday when we got the news, but everything was so chaotic that I simply lost track of time.”
Sherlock feels the color drain from his face.
He feels as though he is under water, all he can hear is the pounding of his blood in his ears. He thinks he might be shaking, but he can’t tell… he is numb.
“Maybe not. With Mycroft gone we have a greater chance of swaying the nobles to our cause. If we have their support, we have the support of their armies. We
Sherlock felt a pang of guilt that made him feel heavy and cold inside. “How did they die,” he asked, voice barely more than a whisper, “John’s family?”
Their progress up the aisle is slow, deliberate, each step taken in time with music that Sherlock doesn’t hear. His eyes flit around the room, he recognizes many of the people who watch him so intently. Their faces are blank, and Sherlock realizes that not a single one of these people feels even a bit of affection for him. They will not weep with joy to see him wed, nor will they regret the long years Sherlock must spend bound to a man who has no love for him.
That was very likely, and it had been weighing on Sherlock. The idea of the soul-crushing boredom that awaited him was not a pleasant one, but if it meant escaping from this place— if only for a while— then he would take it. Maybe time spent away from the snake pit would help him to figure out how to escape it.
I am not what you think me to be.”
“Sherlock?” John murmurs, drawing closer, “I would very much like the chance to speak with you.”
They emerge from the trees onto the bank of the lake which is smooth as glass. Rather than stopping right there and dismounting, their horse continues plodding until they reached a small dock on the other side of the water.
The inside of his head feels thick and he can’t quite decide how is meant to react to that.
A pained silence falls between them. John can feel Sherlock’s sympathetic gaze boring into him.
Sherlock msut know John is here, but he does not turn around. John’s heart kicks again. Sherlock’s long arms are crossed and his head is bowed as he watches the yard below. John steps forward as quietly as he can so as not to startle the obviously tense man, and places himself just close enough that Sherlock will be able to feel the warmth of his body without needing to touch him.
“Your council has advised— no, begged— you every day since my arrival to evict me from not only this manor but the south, as soon as possible. It’s obvious you agree with them, but why? Though my arrival here was unexpected, I’ve not inconvenienced your household in any way, and I’ve done my very best to be respectful of your staff. Your guest wing is currently empty, so there is little chance of anyone discovering my presence here, and I am certainly not interested in being discovered.”
Who was this person who seemed to know him and yet still spoke so sweetly to him?
“I’m sorry,” she says as she wraps another wet cloth around the wound.
“Including you.”
Sherlock feels fingers in his hair and a thumb running over his cheek. The touch gives him something to focus on, something that doesn’t hurt, and centers his hazy awareness to focus entirely on the man beside him. He notices that they are alone now, and the room is quiet.
his brain supplies,
He dips into the ink one more time and scrawls an S above the seal, it was as blatant as he dared be about the identity of the enclosed letter’s author.
“Very well,” he says at last. He is pointedly avoiding John’s eyes.
“I hear you’ll be leaving us for a while,” Moriarty coos.
A hand alights gently on his shoulder and he jerks up, groaning as the sudden movement pulls at his chest. He is surprised to find himself staring into the angular face of Irene Adler.
He staggers to his feet, breath coming in shallow gasps. At last, he is upright. Tentatively, he tries to take a step.
When they break apart Sherlock has not yet opened his eyes when he hears John breathe, “Marry me.”
He hears a voice, a sweet voice, and a gentle touch.
There are three people in the image. The one in the center is obviously Mrs. Hudson. The figures on either side of her appear to be men younger than Sherlock. They obviously share her features. He feels a heaviness settle in his stomach. Mrs. Hudson had never made mention of any family, and she definitely seems the sort to go on and on about those she’s closest to.
Sherlock hastily checks that his clothes are smoothed and that his usually unruly curls are at least a little tidy. After all, it would not do to meet ones betrothed looking a mess.
The sound of shuffling and Sherlock pictures Mary crossing the room to stop John's pacing.
They walk in silence back to Sherlock's bedchamber.
A wave of good natured chuckles moves around the room.
The hall went very still for a moment as the large main doors slowly opened. The silence is broken only a moment later by the cheers that erupted through the room.
habits. Sherlock would often dream of his fiancé— with whom he grew more enamored each passing day— crashing through the heavy castle doors to rescue him from the hell that was his life.
An image of John staring down his nose at him the way Mycroft so often did sent a violent tremor through Sherlock before he could force it away.
When he glances up, John has looked away, his eyes trace the patterns on the carpet.
“Are you certain it’s worth the risk, your majesty?” she asks. Sherlock did not miss the use of the honorific.
“I said, have you spoken to him?”
“Sherlock!” Rosie babbles, and reaches for the cat again. She continues to mumble at it that way toddlers do.
“Save your protests, your highness, they’re unnecessary. I don’t care what you do.”
He begins to undo his own buttons slowly, watching John to see how far he will undress and planning to follow his lead. He is completely unprepared when John steps out of his last stitch of clothing, tossing the trousers playfully onto the dock, and makes nonchalantly for the water.
I have no excuses for how long this chapter took. Life got busy and then i had an annoyingly long depressive episode, that still hasn't really passed, that kept me from doing basically everything. I'm still going to finish this thing, so don't worry. i am still committed to this story!
Mrs. Hudson remained silent.
Sherlock’s throat tightens. Even when the weight of sadness has his shoulders curving, John’s fist thought is to reassure someone else. Sherlock hates himself a little for it. This wasn’t about him; why did he always have to take up all the air in the room? Why did he always have to be so selfish?
He looks back over his shoulder and see that she is holding up his coat for him, and he allows her to help him into it. she fastens a belt around his waist and loops a shining gold sash over his shoulder before attempting to arrange his curls into something presentable.
John laugh breathlessly into Sherlock's questing mouth and Sherlock laughs too. John slips his fingers into Sherlock's hair to hold him in place and runs a soothing hand along his curving spine.
The late October air is bitingly cold and Sherlock forgoes a cab, no sense wasting such a nice night. He watches the stars as he walks, mesmerized by the way they twinkle and glimmer against the velvet sky. There was a time, no so very long ago, when he would have dismissed such trivialities as the loveliness of stars— but that was before John Watson.
John steps away and sucks in a shaky breath.
“Swear that you will not surrender to Mycroft. That you will wed Mary Morstan and be happy. Please, John.”
This was not good.
There is such passion and certainty in his voice that John is momentarily taken aback. But then a rush of need floods his body and he feels himself truly come alive for the first time in so long.
When it becomes clear that Sherlock refuses to speak, Mycroft gives a knowing sniff.
“Did this not feel willing to you?” Sherlock means for the question to sound aloof and confident, but his voice betrays him and his words come out sounding small and ragged with breathlessness. “Or do you simply assume that I do not know my own desires?”
James remains silent, and Sherlock can feel something uneasy settle in his gut. Its more than the reminder of his brother’s strangle-hold on the south, but something in the Major’s countenance. Something…
Greetings,
Sherlock and John share a passionate moment where John confesses his desire.
Hello, dear readers. I apologize for the delay in this chapter, I had intended to have it up a few days ago but I just couldn't seem to get the words out. I hope you enjoy it nonetheless.
John sucks a hard kiss into the most sensitive part of Sherlock's inner thigh, making him sigh. He places the pad of his finger to Sherlock's entrance and begins to press, massaging to ease the muscle.
he wants to say,
The words drop off.
John is more than a little disappointed. They’d had such a lovely evening talking at the table but he’d hardly seen his flatmate since. It was embarrassing how much time john spent just trying to be near Sherlock. It was beginning to feel like the early days when he’d wanted to be near him all the time just to bask in that brilliant light that seemed to shine from some place deep inside Sherlock. That heartbreaking thing about it all is that Sherlock was utterly unaware of it.
As Sherlock comes down from the high, body still trembling, John reaches down to stroke himself.
John inhales deeply as he comes back to himself and rubs his eyes to clear them. In the quiet of the room he hears a sound that makes his heart leap.
Mycroft was not a stupid man by any means. Stubborn and cruel, but not stupid. He could see Sherlock's distaste for his betrothed from the moment it had taken root, and he delighted in it. he had no reason to care what became of his brother, so long as Lord Moriarty came through on his end of the bargain.
Sherlock opens his eyes and the rocky creek fades away. He realizes then that the roaring he’d heard in his sleepy memory had actually been the pounding of rain as the skies had opened.
Sherlock swallows hard and when he does he catches a scent and realizes he has arrived within feet of his destination. Across the street a man stands reclined against the grey brick wall of an alley. Sherlock's throat tightens and his lips pull back, tongue flicking over the point of his teeth. His breath scratches out in a low growl. He groans involuntarily as another cramp grips his insides— he needs to feed.
The dreams that swirl before him as he dies become strange then. He is very faintly aware of arms wrapping around him, being lifted off the cold ground, and settled against something warm. He is higher up now, and the movement beneath him is familiar. He is sitting astride a horse, leant forward against the rider, his cheek pressed into sun-heated skin...
“They were never mine— not that people can belong to anyone, king or otherwise,” the prince quickly amends, “But, you see, my brother has always made it very clear that I have no business meddling in the
John gave a patient sigh, “Because it’s bloody scorching and I need a swim, and I would very much like for you to accompany me.”
“Oh, I…” Sherlock feels his face flush. He had forgotten about the beads. He hadn’t wanted to put them away but they were becoming a nuisance wrapped around his hand, so he’d decided to wear them.
. With this in mind, he resolves to give it another go.
Rosie acquiesces and John places her on her feet, he feels his shoulders sag a little as soon as she’s out of ear shot.
Its chaste, really, as kisses go— but the thrill that moves through John at the tiny sounds escaping Sherlock’s milky throat is unlike anything he has felt before. Their breathing is shallow when they break apart, neither taking their hands from the other. Sherlock’s long lashes flutter against his flushed cheeks as he tries not to meet John’s gaze. He bumps his nose against John’s in what could only be described as a nuzzle— so light and gentle.
Sherlock does not attend dinner that night, choosing to remain sequestered in his room. After all these years, he is finally going to be married. It doesn’t feel real.
Moriarty moves to kick Sherlock again.
“Come in,” John calls, clicking his pen shut and pushing back from the file in front of him.
“What’s wrong?”
“I know you do.”
This pulls a strained laugh from Sherlock.
“Daddy!” she cries when she catches sight of John and demands to be put down. John's face breaks into a huge grin as she races to him and kneels down, opening his arms to her. He scoops the little girl up into his arms and kisses her hair.
That voice, that presence, is the only thing he knows now, the only thing tethering him to the Earth. What would happen if he were to be parted from it, would he drift away? He is then swept up onto the back of a new person, a bulky man who reeks of ash and sweat. The odor and sudden motion constrict his throat with another wave of sickness.
“Then why—?” Sherlock’s words drop off, and an indefinable pain crosses his features, “Oh, I see…” he mutters.
“My love.”
And there it was.
He slips into Mrs. Hudson’s chamber that same evening when she is at super so as not to disturb her. He goes straight to her little desk upon which sits the letter box she’d reclaimed from him. Sherlock settles himself on the rickety old stool and begins to write.
Sherlock did not answer for a long moment, his jaw working. “It was my father mostly, he was possessed of a rather violent and unpredictable temper. He greatly disliked me, as did most people I knew. Though, if I am honest, I could never understand why.”
John witnesses in Sherlock an obvious sign of past mistreatment. When he works up the nerve to ask the prince about his life, he is told of a not-so-distant-past much darker than he expected.
In truth, Sherlock felt his
“And where is it that you are riding out to?” Sherlock asked, arms crossed fussily over his chest.
“You’ve been speaking to Grep, I take it,” he huffs, but there is no bite to his words.
He had not bothered to ask where he would be taken, but after the first few hours it became obvious that he would not be taken to his brother’s court but to their ancestral home high in the mountains. For two days the peaks loomed ominously far in the distance, growing steadily closer with each passing hour.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” John says, turning to address her. “We’re glad you’ve finally returned to us, we are utterly lost without you. How is your sister fairing?”
“We were ambushed.”
Of course not, Sherlock has to remind himself, John would never do that, he wasn’t like Mycroft, or father, or…
An outcome that was seeming less and less likely to Sherlock as the hours crept by.
“Is it enough?”
Next time: John leaves on a progress, and he and Sherlock exchange letters while he is away. Afterward, Sherlock confesses all that's in his heart.
He does not take his eyes off his brother’s sunken face as he speaks.
Sheer panic, of a kind Sherlock liked to pretend he was not capable of feeling, drove him from the manor in the dark hours that night. He had shoved as much food as he could manage into the satchel he’d nicked from the cook, and fled the house out onto the marsh. He did not look back.
“Friends,” he begins, “we are gathered here on this most glorious morning to bear witness to the wedding of prince Sherlock, my dear brother, to James Moriarty.” His voice is falsely cheerful as it rings off the high grey walls of the chapel.
“A party was dispatched to locate them, to see if they’d simply become lost or delayed. They discovered caravan late last night badly damaged, it’s believed they were ambushed” she paused to swallow hard, “there were no survivors.”
John turns to go, walking out of the other side of the row, Sherlock’s eyes follow him as he makes his way to the tall doors. With one last look back, John takes his leave and Sherlock let’s go of a sharp breath that rings off the high walls.
Sherlock was bid to wait a moment while John relieved the horse of its heavy tack and turned it loose to graze. The water looked very inviting. The clear surface reflected the blue of the sky above, and anything that brought respite from this damned heat was more than welcome.
“I said I cannot give you an answer now. You may go.”
It was on mornings like this, when the entire world seemed to thrum with life all around him that John feels most at peace. The singing of the birds in the trees continually draws his eyes upward where he is met with the glittering of sunlight through the leaves, a sky made of diamonds.
“I can read your military career in your posture as clearly as I can read your concern for your people’s safety in your face.”
“Hey,” John’ gentle whisper comes again, breaking through Sherlock’s rapidly tangling thoughts. “Stay with me.”
Everything freezes then, the world slowing and shrinking down to that secluded place in the dark of the tunnels where there is nothing but the two of them. John has pulled his mouth away from Sherlock’s neck and now they stand pressed together, lips only an inch apart. Sherlock is shaking.
Sherlock is aware that he should be speaking, but he is so astounded that it takes a moment to find his voice. Tentatively, he begins.
The woman’s eyes clap onto him immediately, but the look that crossed her pixie face is one not of surprise but derision. John rises and approaches her. She takes his outstretched hands and accepts a kiss on the cheek; Sherlock bristles. What the hell was he doing?
John gets low as he ascends the ridge, tucking himself beneath the foliage. Then he hears it, a quiet rustling followed by a thud. Deer or not, John is interested. He crawls like a spider over the crest of the rise and finds himself at a thick line of shrubs that completely obstructs his view of the path beyond. He carefully pulls the rifle over his head and lays it down before doing the same with his body, flattening himself on the damp earth to peer under the growth.
“One of them has just spotted something up on the ridge,” he whispers.
He is braced against the basin, head hung low. He does his best to draw in a deep breath to calm the roiling in his stomach but his chest is too tight and the air only rattles feebly in and out of his lungs.
John clears his throat again, “Yes,” he says plainly, clasping his hands behind his back, “they feel it would be best if you were to return to your home in the north.”
“He’s lying,” Sherlock interrupts, not really thinking.
“Come,” says the stranger as she brushes past Sherlock to usher in into the apartment.
Someday soon he would have to leave the south and return to his home. Or perhaps it was more accurate to say he’d have to leave his home and return to the north. To his own personal hell, and face the man who was still his fiancé as far as he knew, much though the thought disgusted him.
This is actually the scene that inspired this story. It turned out very different then how I first pictured it.
“Alright,” John says, he can feel the thrumming of Sherlock’s heart where they are still pressed chest to chest.
And John knows life cannot continue as it has been for much longer. Rosie is growing so fast and soon there won’t be enough room in the upstairs bedroom for the both of them. He will have to leave Baker Street again, leave his home again.
~Meli
“Sherlock,” he begins quietly, voice barely a whisper, “can I tell you something?”
He doesn’t know if he is still alive, but though the pain in his body persists, a peace has settled in his mind; light and calming. Perhaps dying would not be so terrible an ordeal, after all.
“Mary is right, Sherlock. I must marry eventually,” he says reasonably.
“It’s not much,” John said, “but I packed what I could find.”
John's body heaves with a sob. “Yes, love, we’re going home right away.  But you must stay awake, do you hear me? Don’t leave me.”
Heavy footsteps are heard before a tall man steps over the threshold, and Sherlock’s mind goes immediately to work cataloging everything it can. There’s quite a bit to see, not as much or as interesting as the king, but enough to keep the his interest.
is the word often used. They don’t realize he only totes it around to use like a weapon, striking anyone he sees fit for any stupid reason.”
Sherlock’s has flushed a deep shade of red and he seems to fight with himself in order to keep his eyes on John’s. He tries to speak, but no words come. Sherlock sags, resistance leaves him as he seems to resign himself to an unhappy truth. He shakes his head as he attempts to pull away.
Sherlock opens his mouth as if to say something but stops, eyes narrowing as they focus on John. Of course he noticed, he’s Sherlock, he notices everything.
hope you enjoyed :)
Sherlock reaches over and ignites the lamp beside the bed and the room fills with flickering light. It only takes Sherlock seconds to read his brother’s demands. John watches, aching, as the color drains from his husband’s face.
“I suppose that’s one way of phrasing it,” John mutters, “And what did this letter contain?”
“I’ll see you in the morning, love.”
Moriarty crowds into Sherlock's space and takes his face firmly in smooth hands. “I’ll see you very soon, my dear.”
“I do.”
Greetings!
“Wait,” John calls. He places a quick kiss on Sherlock's lips and says, “You’d best go. Come to my apartment tonight, I’ll explain everything.”
“Alright,” Greg is saying, “then, how do you want to proceed?”
At least the retching has abated, for the moment.
But he does. He looms over Sherlock with a hand of the back of his chair and catches his eyes in the mirror.
John smirks and crooks his finger.
Early mornings spent in the boats in search of water fowl, and afternoons spent in the fields watching dogs tears across the grass to flush out their targets. Even with a rifle under his arm and surrounded by laughing men, Sherlock was all John could think of.
The blood in Sherlock's veins turns to ice and he feels his body flinch violently away from John.
A growl of frustration tore from his throat. There had to be other options but his mid was too spent to come up with anything useful.
The figure is tall and thin with a mess of dark hair. It looks like his Sherlock, but it can’t be. A hideous growl scratches out of this Sherlock's throat, coarse and beastly. His eyes flash dangerously, blood dripping from his lips.
“And who will sit on the northern throne if we should be successful?”
But of course he hadn’t.
Or at least as honest as its possible to be when two people have locked themselves away behind layers and layers of defenses in order to keep out the hurts of the world.
“Dress yourself,” he demands, “quickly.”
“Your Majesty,” Sherlock’s voice reaches him through the haze, nervous and a little unsure, “I apologize for intruding—”
Next time: Sherlock returns to his brother's court.
Lawful or no, he knew what was between himself and the man writhing beneath him was as true and right and predetermined as night turning into day. This was inevitable, Sherlock thought, that they should end up here.
Sherlock forces himself to nod in understanding, though he feels himself growing heavy with sadness.
He’s gone.
“Oh?” John raises and eyebrow, the corner of his mouth quirking. “What about?”
Sherlock couldn’t help but crack a smile at the playfulness in her voice and he made himself sit up to look at her.
“You said you want me.”
“You feel you can trust me?” Sherlock asked, sounding awestruck.
Sherlock lifts his knees and allows himself to float, suspended weightless in the water, eyes closed. He hears the light slashing as John returns to him. his hair is adorably mussed from where he’d run his hands through it upon surfacing.
Sherlock chews his lip as he considers this.
His words leave him as he takes in the stranger for the first time. Dark curls and icy cat’s eyes shining with health in the morning light. Sharp features and a long, elegant body covered in milky skin; he is breathtaking.
“It’s the truth.” John says fervently.
Surely once Mycroft has his new army he will set his sights on a bigger prize. It would be undignified to wage war on a realm which stood no chance of defending itself… wouldn’t it?
He will never admit it to himself, but he knows it to be the truth.
In the panic, Sherlock shoots to his feet, body bracing to move. Moriarty has already fled the altar as guards close in around him, blocking his view of the room.
“She is,” John begins and then hesitates, “she was my fiancé.”
Hearing it said so simply makes Sherlock ache, but he clamps down on the feeling.
“Why?” Confidence returning, John’s voice is soft and without tension.
Greg clears his throat and shuffles his feet, clasping his hands behind his back.
He pins Sherlock's right hand above his head and Sherlock holds onto John's wrist with his damaged hand. Bent over Sherlock so that their body came together John dips his fingers into the oil and takes them both in hand.
John presses again and again against the place inside Sherlock that makes him gasp and writhe. He could feel how close he was and he begged for more.
“That’s it, my darling.”
“Sherlock?” John sounds confused and a little hurt, but Sherlock wills himself not to hear it.
The king has gone on progress. Visiting townships and bases to offer what encourage he can to common people and soldiers across the territory. A necessary but spiteful tradition, yet one that John had seemed eager to perform.
“Oh,” he sighs, “I cannot wait until you’re my husband, Sherlock. Then I will be free to do as I please with you.”
Home stretch y'all. After this we begin the final arch of the story with only a few chapter to go.
Thanks as always for your continued support.
“Oh,” she said as though she were trying to understand, “you’ve received a letter?”
John's eye drift around the bed chamber for the first time.
As his eyes adjust to the low light, Sherlock spies what looks to be a person slumped against one of the front benches, face upturned. He hesitates in the door way, not knowing if he should just barge into the room if someone was already using it.
“And what of the king?” he asked through clenched teeth.
“Promise me that you’ll survive.”
“Bastard!” he barks.
Moriarty steps forward clapping his hands together. “I know it’s supposed to be bad luck and all, but I just had to see you.”
Two days passed with no reply.
“No, I don’t think so. She’s attractive, sure, and absolutely hilarious, but I don’t feel that way about her.”
John must find this endearing in some way because Sherlock can feel his smile though the kisses he places on his cheek.
Sherlock wonders if he would always feel the pain of it. Was it possible he could ever completely mend?
He resolves not to think about it. He wills the memory of John's strong hands on his skin to fade away, because Sherlock will never again feel kind hands on him, and he has accepted that.
“Better now,” he sighs and sits beside the pair.
Sherlock catches fire.
Liz’s head tilts in what looks like confusion.
your brother told me I might find you here.”
For a minute or so Sherlock listens to the housekeeper stack the neatly folded sheets into the cabinet. He hasn’t slept in his own bed once since the last time the linens were changed, there was really no need to wash them again.
He can’t be with Sherlock because Sherlock doesn’t love him.
She had gone very pale, and Sherlock thought he probably looked the same. Through the ringing in his ears he helped her to a chair and made her sit. Dropping heavily to his knees beside her. He fought to keep his mind from wandering too deep into the implication of what he’d just been told.
“She wanted to speak to you about your need to marry? Hardly seems like any of her business.”
They had lived together less than a month before John became aware of just how far outside his version of normal his feelings for Sherlock were.
Sherlock clears his throat.
“He called this place his ancestral home,” John murmurs, “this is no home— it’s a prison.”
It had not been Greg that had returned to his aid in that damp stairwell, but a woman with dark hair. She had introduced herself as Irene Adler and laid a gentle hand on Sherlock's cold cheek where he lay on the crumbling steps. A regret so deep had filled her eyes that John had been taken aback to learn she was in the employ of Lord Moriarty.
” John hushes, “it’s alright sweetheart, I’m right here, it’s alright.”
An ambushed caravan. It was a scenario so morbidly familiar that Sherlock almost laughed. Had John gone the same way as Sherlock's mother and father? He had not lost any sleep over the deaths of his parents, no matter how violent their end. If John did not return however, Sherlock didn’t think he would ever sleep again.
Sherlock is staring unblinkingly at the floor, his body jerks as his breath, fighting to free itself from his lungs, stutters in and out before finally breaking into long, pained gasps. John shifts and places his forehead against Sherlock’s temple, taking his hands.
There is a pang in his chest because he knows it cannot always be this way. Very soon Rosie will need her own room, and she and John will have to leave Baker Street again; leave Sherlock again. And after that Sherlock knows it can only be another few years at best before he will need to disappear from the Watson’s lives altogether.
A gentle breathing emanating from somewhere beside him. He bolts upright.
Now Sherlock often finds himself sitting in the rocking chair by the upstairs window with Rosie curled in his arms, telling her all about the stars as she falls asleep. His encyclopedic rambling which most find irritating, a lullaby to the little girl.
He closes his eyes and listens to the ticking of the time piece which filled the warm, wet air around him.
“There now,” John coos, “that’s it.”
“Of course,” Sherlock says, “I wanted to speak with you, as well.”
“Away. He had enlisted a couple years before, wanted to be just like his father, and his company moved out that very afternoon with no warning.”
Instead he waited, spine straight and jaw clenched as Mrs. Hudson quickly swiped at her eyes, probably hoping he hadn’t seen, and carefully closed the door behind her.
Sherlock feels something hot and desperate set his veins on fire and he whimpers helplessly into Johns mouth. John breaks their kiss with a brush of knuckles against Sherlock’s cheek, and that is when he becomes aware that his face is wet.
“John, is that you?” Mrs. Hudson calls from behind her door, he can hear her clattering about in the kitchen.
“Why are you here?”
There it was again, John observes, a flicker of apprehension across his austere face.
They continue on in silence for long, peaceful minutes, the forest alive with the sounds of summer. At one point Sherlock's attention is caught by the warbling of a song bird high in the trees. There were no song birds in the far north, only austere birds of prey.
“You miss him,” Mrs. Hudson says quietly. It is not a question.
“Do you play?”
Moriarty twists his wrist and Sherlock feels searing pain shoot up his arm. He screams and jerks back as a fresh wave of agony burns down to his fingertips.
Hello,
When he opens the door of the wash room steam wafts into his face, clinging to his curls. He undresses himself and slips quietly into the large copper bath. The hot water is a balm to his frigid skin, and he lets out a contented sigh as the tension begins to ease from his body.
John’s heart aches.
He knows it won’t take much, and he nudges John's hair with his nose.
“You were here when it happened,” Sherlock observed, and Greg’s posture straightened. He nodded grimly.
He could reason to himself that it had taken well over two hours to be brought his breakfast simply because there were not enough staff members to perform tasks with any sort of efficiency— the king kept an embarrassingly modest household. Each time that thought came to Sherlock, it would immediately be smothered by the fact that king John did not need a large staff, as he was the only surviving member of his family; and it didn’t seem that he received many visitors.
“Well,” John concedes after a long pause, during which Sherlock’s heart bangs painfully against his ribs, “we can at least wait until he’s back on his feet.”
Six years would pass before Sherlock would see James Moriarty again. The eastern lord’s son would send the occasional letter, but Sherlock never responded. Where there had once been excitement and hope at the idea of his imminent nuptials, there was now only rage.
“I promise. But you must also promise me, as well.”
WARNING:
For a moment, Sherlock experiences a feeling of unreality, as though he is floating weightless outside himself. When he regains his awareness he tries to speak, to answer John, but his throat has grown thick and words will not come.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stands a good way from the rest of his hunting party, putting distance between himself and the noise of the other men. The only other soul present with him is his horse, who stands behind his shoulder, patiently waiting. John lets his head fall back against the animal’s neck, feeling the warmth of it's fur contrasted with the bite of the spring air.
As his pleasure unwinds, dragging him beneath the surface with wave after wave, he is dimly aware of John speaking to him.
“Ah, I see. Well, why not start with your feelings,” Molly said simply.
“You believe him capable of murdering his own sister?”
“How can I contact whoever is leading the search for John and his men?” he said in a rush, not even stopping to catch his breath.
She works quickly and quietly. Sherlock almost wishes she would slow her pace just to put off the moment when he would have to leave this room.
He hates when Sherlock gets like this, acidic and underhanded with his deductions.
Sherlock gives a sardonic laugh, “There was never any fear of that. As I said, I’ve always been too preoccupied with myself and finding meaningless pleasure wherever I could to care much about affairs of state.”
We just kept moving until we happened upon a half collapsed barn. Apparently the land used to belong to a noble family before the war, don’t know how I forgot that. We stowed away in that shack until we were finally found. We didn’t know if it would be wise to venture out in case those rouges were nearby, so we laid low.
The guards that accompanied Sherlock to the chapel doors wordlessly place him beside his husband-to-be as they form up for their procession down the aisle. Moriarty places Sherlock's right hand in the crook of his elbow, and Sherlock pretends his skin doesn’t crawl.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft’s voice carries a warning that sends chills down Sherlock's spine. His fingers hold tight to John's shoulders. John should not have come here, if Mycroft should capture him now he will show no mercy.
Sherlock sits beside John and leans against him. they sit in silence for a time and drink from the same cup. Before long they are sprawled out on the carpet exploring each other with gentle hands and lazy kisses. Neither seems to feel the need to do more than just be with his love.
John tilts Sherlock's chin up to look into his eyes.
John looks up, probably just realizing Sherlock is there. “Hello,” he replies with a kind smile that makes Sherlock’s heart skip. He shifts over and pats the place beside himself, “Please, sit.”
“No, your assistance isn’t necessary. Someone this sloppy has to slip up sooner or later. Besides, you do need to actually turn up to your real job every so often.”
“You were concerned for your safety, there is no shame in that. fear is a natural reaction to a threat.”
It isn’t Sherlock's fault that he didn’t fall in love with John. Some people just aren’t wired that way. Or, it could just be that John isn’t Sherlock's type— he could easily believe that. But that doesn’t make it any less devastating for John to lie in bed at night trying desperately to ignore the fantasies of his best friend that swirl through his mind, knowing that to go down stairs and crawl into bed with him would be completely unacceptable.
“We’ve made a cake,” Mrs. Hudson says and John looks up at the work top to see it covered in flour and a crushed egg.
But he was tired, he had perhaps gotten what amounted to two or three decent nights of rest since John had gone on progress, and that was well over a fortnight ago.
“Oh dear!” she exclaims, making a good show of being shocked to have stumbled in on the scene before her, “I do apologize. Don’t let me interrupt.”
Jim expends a thin hand to Sherlock, who gives a little to cough to cover the squeak that catches in his throat. As Sherlock slides his hand onto Jim’s, his eyes flit over his form. He finds nothing that alarms him at first glance, and he allows himself to relax a bit.
Everything is a blur of teeth and tongues and fingers, and soon John is pushing into Sherlock. They’ve been intimate in this way before, but Sherlock still isn’t used to it. He bites down hard on his lip, trying and failing to will the tension from his body.
John feels a pang of sympathy. “You were promised to someone.”
Talking was perhaps not the most accurate way of phrasing it, it was more like flirting outrageously and unapologetically at every given opportunity.
Without turning back he says, “You are fool to believe he loved you, the brother of the man who slaughtered his family. He could never have loved you. No one could.”
“Here,” Mrs. Hudson said fretfully, “write it down and I’ll send it out right away.”
Suffering that John does not yet grasp the scope of.
Amir steps into the office and there is the sucking sound of a refrigerator door being pulled open and warm air spills into the room. Through the window into the office Sherlock can see Amir scratch his thick beard and make a face.
“Your features are eastern but your accent is northern. You’re from a well off family, perhaps the daughter of a lord. How did you end up in the employ of Jim Moriarty?”
Sherlock feels hateful tears prick his eyes at the thought of a life spent as the husband of James Moriarty and he fears he may be sick. To be beaten is something to which he is accustomed, but the man’s eyes had held promises of a worse fate.
“I’m here,” John whispers in his ear, “I’m here, my love.”
When John looks at him, Sherlock is unsurprised and yet floored when he finds no derision in his face. No scornful frown or mocking sneer at Sherlock’s bald display of affection.
But the last time he’d consented to something that had initially put him off John had made it wonderful, and if this was even half as incredible as that night had been…
Sherlock gives a resolute shake of his curly head and mutters, “You must do what is best for your people. I will love you regardless.”
He tries to force himself to stand but his limbs will not cooperate. Fever rages through his battered body making the world spin around him. He tries again to stand. This time he gets to his feet, but his body simply gives out before he can take a step. He doesn’t want to try again.
Sherlock clears his throat and shifts uncomfortably. “It isn’t as though I’ve never given his cause for the corrections. As I told you before, I have always been horribly self-involved and destructive in my habits.”
When he was done here he would stop in and get proper takeaway somewhere, real food would help with the cravings. He swayed slightly as he stood.
John wants to feel rage at his words, but he can no longer seem to feel anything.
“I’ve been wondering,” John began. “When you were listening in on my conversation with Major Sholto you brought it to my attention that he was exaggerating his report to encourage me to send more support out his way.”
Sherlock bites down hard on his lip to keep from making noise. His hand is moving faster now and he can feel his release fast approaching.
“I’m going to marry you, Sherlock Holmes.” John says, a pained smile on his lovely lips.
He stands before his brother, his king, and laces his fingers behind his back.
“Didn’t want his little brother getting too close to the throne, eh?”
Without another word or a glance back at John, Sherlock sweeps out of the room with what little grace he can muster, and disappears back into the safety of the servant’s tunnels.
“Oh, god!” John breaths and scrambles out of the dirt, gun forgotten. He crashes clumsily through the leaves, carelessly neglecting to check his surroundings before throwing himself onto the open path.
I'm bringing you the first part of this chapter early because you've been waiting a while. I hope to have the next part done within the coming week. Thank you again for your patience.
“I know.”
“For northern intelligence, yes. He rather enjoyed his work, as I understand it. His father is a powerful lord in east and my father—and Mycroft after him— have lusted after that family’s resources for as long as I can remember. I was promised to Jim by my father when I was little more than a child. He struck the deal just before he died.”
“Do you ever sleep?” John asks with a chuckle as Sherlock takes a seat beside him. Sherlock knows that John is aware of the careful distance he leaves between them.
John breathes out heavily and places a kiss on Sherlock's curls.
“Which reminds me,” John sighs, “we’ll need to contact his brother as soon as possible.”
“John,” a voice calls to him, clipped and curt.
In hindsight it was not a very good idea to have agreed to come to the crime scene. When he steps out of the cab the haze of feeding still hasn’t lifted and he nearly trips on the curb. This was why he tries to avoid eating on cases, he would be like this for at least another hour.
“Good,” roars one of the men, “let him die. It’s the least he deserves.”
He reclined his head back and stared up at the ceiling. Could he do something like that, just pour his heart out in a letter the way romantic idiots did? He supposed there was only one way to find out.
Sherlock stared at John's hand, a little confused. “What for?”
“Flatterer,” Sherlock chides, but there is no bite in it. Truthfully he loves the way John always has a kind word for him. It’s a novel concept, these pet names.
Sherlock is able to get all the way onto his back when, with a snarl Moriarty reels back, snatching Sherlock's wrist and bending it at an unnatural angle. Sherlock swallows the scream that curls in his throat and dips his head to sink his teeth into Jim’s hand as he reaches for his throat.
Sherlock’s eyes lost focus for a moment, the color draining from his face.
“What is it?” John asks apprehensively, braced for another blow.
“Yes, that’s right,” he says.
“Sherlock,” he says, voice hushed, “I enjoyed this,” he gestures at the table. “It was nice just to talk to you again.”
It wasn’t that Sherlock is a man, no there had been men in John's romantic life before— secretly. It was that John was falling in love with him, and falling in love was not something John Three Continents Watson did often or easily.
Coming up, John has an enchanting encounter.
Greetings!
Sherlock then does something wholly unexpected.
John steps to a cupboard on the far wall and pulls from it a crystal decanter. “I feel I should explain myself,” he says sheepishly.
There is movement beside him and a gentle pressure against his forehead. Touch, someone is touching him. Then there are other sounds, other voices, filtering through the roar of his blood in his ears. He tries to focus his mind through the haze, he wants to know if this is real or a dream as he dies. He feels a flare of irritation when nothing comes to him, then a flare of heat through his whole body; its excruciating.
Sarah interrupted Greg, “But instead of sending her payment by messenger he sent a letter detailing their dealings by post, knowing we’d intercept it and she’d be caught.”
Of course John knows that eventually he must marry, or produce an heir at the very least. But on nights like these, when everything feels so hopeless, he wonders if it’s even worth the effort. Why not just surrender the south to that fucker in the north and give in?
“True,” John moves to interject, “you have been kind to my staff, and I thank you for that.”
So, i sat down with my outline a few days ago and figured out what i want to do with the rest of this story. I already had an idea, but now i actually have a vague outline for the whole thing. We're looking at about 24-25 chapters!
“Oh, Sherlock.” John hopes his sympathy is clear in his tone. His already battered heart is breaking for this lovely man.
Sherlock settles back against the sofa, self-composure steadily returning to him. “You don’t like me.”
John watches, slightly horrified, as Sherlock's eyes glaze over for a moment.
John begins to walk them backward toward the bed and carefully pushes Sherlock down onto the mattress. They take their time undressing each other, methodically releasing every button and running hands over each other’s bodies. They are quiet as they attempt to commit each angle and plain of the other to memory.
“Yes, thank you for your input,” he hoped it sounded as genuine as he meant it.
“Leave us, please,” John says quietly to Mrs. Hudson, and the housekeeper exits without a sound, leaving the cart with its newly broken wheel behind.
Her overly formal tone did nothing to calm him. It was as though she were forcing herself to remain composed
“Because,” John swallows and clears his throat, “you’ve lit a fire in me as well, Sherlock. And I do believe I’ve fallen in love with you.”
. “My parent’s caravan was ambushed by a band of mercenaries who when questioned, apparently confessed to having been contracted by John’s father.”
“Yes,” Gorge Moriarty purrs, his eastern brogue is soft but distinct, “you’ll do nicely.”
John claims his mouth then, hot and insistent; and Sherlock goes limp, allowing the press of John’s body against his to keep him propped against the wall. Sherlock is overwhelmed by just how much his body of capable of feeling. He hadn’t ever considered that it might be possible to experience another person with the entirety of his being.
The little procession comes to a halt.
“That does not mean that you are not also haunted by terrible things.”
“John,” a voice snaps at him.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, shaking his head to clear it, “I am perfectly fine.”
“He worked as an inquirer for your brother, didn’t he?”
“You are,” John begins slowly, making sure Sherlock hears every word, “the greatest happiness I have ever known. Look at me. Yes, I know how that sounds, but I swear it’s the truth.” God, he was shit at this. “You, my sweet Sherlock, came crashing into my life and lit up my world like a thousand stars.”
“What’s happened?” Sherlock manages to say, and is pleased at how even his voice sounds.
“Come on now,” Mrs. Hudson chides gently, “let him give you a scratch.” As if to demonstrate she runs her hand down the cat’s long spine and it reflexively arches into the touch.
“I know you aren’t asleep,” Sherlock's voice rumbles from where his face is pressed to John's chest, “I can hear your mind whirring.”
John breathes a laugh. “People desire all manner of things in the moment. I don’t mean to infantilize you, Sherlock, of course you know what you desire. I only want you think on it a bit longer.”
Sherlock feels his hackles rise as he is enclosed by the cold stone walls. He is aware of the stranger in the white dress following behind him and Anthea, but they are otherwise alone. They trek deeper into the depths of the castle until they come upon a familiar pair of doors.
Water…
John had reached for his letter set several times, but each time he scrawled a heading he recalled the fear in Sherlock’s eyes at the mere suggestion of his brother. He couldn’t simply send the prince away having seen what he’d seen in those eyes, nor could he put off making his decision any longer. If something was to be done— and something must be done— it would need to happen soon. Sherlock had to go.
John's eyes are bright in the morning light, and Sherlock can’t help the smile that tugs at his lips.
He couldn’t fathom where this forcefulness was coming from. The first and only other time he had been with John he had been down right timid, at least to his own perception. He had been reserved and self-conscious. It had been wonderful, but he had been so unsure. Now he felt no reservation, only longing and the need to ease the fear that lingered in him.
Gently, he runs his fingers over the soft cream wedding suit. With he slightest touch the mannequin rocks on its uneven feet, making the gold cape glitter in the low light. The ensemble was attractive enough though he can’t seem to imagine himself in it. He wouldn’t have to imagine for much longer. He doesn’t want to think about it.
Sherlock finds himself searching John’s face, though for what, he doesn’t know. “I will,” his answer comes out on a breath, “I will.”
John feels a pang of apprehension, where should he begin? How could he phrase these questions in a way that would not frighten Sherlock away, or dig deeper than he had a right to? And what was he to do if he should stumble upon something truly horrible in the prince’s past, could John promise that he too would not begin to behave differently toward him?
Sherlock is ushered from the room.
Greg—it was Greg, wasn’t it?— cleared his throat and said, “Suppose it’s best if as few folks as possible know he’s here.”
“What’s this?” John asks running his fingers over the beads.
Rosie all but forgets the cat and fusses until Mrs. Hudson surrenders her into her father’s arms.
“There’s no telling what the northern king might do if he learns we’ve been harboring his brother, your majesty.”
“You’ll not get it,” Sherlock states flatly.
xx Meli
Sherlock is rougher than John has ever known him to be, scratching at his neck and pushing as close as he can get as though he is attempting to crawl inside John. But eventually he must pull away for air and John leans their foreheads together.
John smiles and leans his cheek into Sherlock's palm. He opens his mouth to speak when there is a knock at the door.
Sherlock knew of a particularly horrific practice used by northern inquisitors that involved the breaking of digits. He knew because he had once been threatened with it if he did not comply with his brother’s demands. And when he had drifted off that morning the memory of the sound of his own wrist breaking merged with the fantasy of John's gentle fingers being cracked and Sherlock had awakened with tears in his eyes. He decided that sleep with not worth the trouble until John returned.
The door slowly opens and Irene Adler tentatively peers around it. something like pity crosses her face when she sees him, but she quickly rearranges her features to something kinder as she enters. Irene places a thin hand against Sherlock's cheek and her eyes speak volumes.
Next time: Sherlock encounters someone from John's past, and he is not impressed.
Thank you again for your lovely comments, they're truly inspiring.
had been the most wonderful thing to happen to him in… as long as he could remember. What few frightening moments he could recall of wandering the southern countryside on his own seemed worth a thousand more just like them to have spent this one happy month here in the manor. He tries not to dwell on it because any thought of how content he felt now was ultimately spoiled by the reality that he would not be able to stay forever. Still, he thinks, a few happy days were better than none at all.
“Ok fine, what was it?” he asks, shoving his hands in his pockets.
At least he had been until John had gone away.
“I’ll go with you,” the words did not come easily as his throat felt a though it was caked with sand, “so long as you give me your word that you will allow these men who escorted me to return home unharmed.”
“You can come in,” the figure invites, and Sherlock’s heart kicks painfully against his ribs, “I know you’re there.”
A stray sound catches his ear, a voice— multiple voices. Each only barely distinguishable from the other as they float through the narrow passages. Curious, and eager for any distraction from the buzzing in his brain, he veers of the path back to his rooms in search of the voices.
“I have a pint of pig collected this morning. But that won’t be nearly enough.”
There was just something so inherently wrong about a soul as kind as John’s baring any sort of pain, much less a kind of pain that could twist his features so drastically. Sherlock’s fingers crawl hesitantly across the cushions to where John’s fist is clenched so tightly the skin pulled taught over his knuckles has gone white.
“What about your mother, did she hit you?
“Yes, you,” John replied with a little smile. “I’ve been corresponding with them for some months, and they’ve been reluctant to work with me thus far. They have resources we need now that Mycroft has cut off the last of our trade routes, but I need this to go smoothly. Will you help me?”
But so genuine was her remorse at learning what had happened to Sherlock that John was inclined to believe her sincere, despite his reservations.
John’s heart leaps into his throat. Whatever he had been expecting, it had not been to see the face of a man looking back at him.
John could still feel the force of Sherlock’s large hands on his chest shoving him away— rejecting him— as he went about his day. He could feel the softness of Sherlock’s mouth against his own as he sat with is councilors, running his fingers absently over his lips. He didn’t notice the way Greg was staring. What had he done wrong?
This chapter contains references suicidal thoughts and actions!
There are faint footsteps approaching his door. For a moment Sherlock assumes it must be Irene or a servant woman retuning with his food, but the steps are too quick and too heavy, the sound of boots not slippers.
“John was a gifted soldier, dedicated in a way one rarely sees, but he was trained as a medic, and he was only a boy. Our people were dropping like flies and leadership was needed, so he was awarded the rank of captain and charged with leading a small squad on what was meant to be a simple patrol. Northern forces found them and opened fire, John was hit in the shoulder, he nearly bled to death. We brought him back here as soon as we could, so he could be treated in safety and away from prying eyes.
The suggestion of a smile pulls at Sherlock’s lips where they press back insistently against John’s, “Goodnight.”
“I cannot know what the future holds for us, but I can promise that so long as you remain with me no harm shall come to you, my sweetheart.” The words pour forth from his lips unbidden. “And I promise I will do my best not to treat you with kid-gloves now you’ve trusted me with this.”
The Major nods as if conceding and take the seat John offers. He wastes no time, “My lord, I bring unhappy news from the east counties.”
he accuses while attempting to draw away.
They call out for each other as Sherlock races through the tunnels. John's voice grows louder and louder, and all Sherlock wants is to be near to his John again, all the rest can wait.
“Not at all,” John laughs, stroking a hand over Sherlock's face, “I have never felt more sane in my life.”
As he rises, Sherlock keeps his eyes firmly on the newly polished floor boards, hands clasped.
He hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but when he opens his eyes it’s to brilliant sunlight streaming in through the uncovered window. An unfamiliar sense of peace sweeps through him like a gentle breeze as he attempts to catch his breath, calming the embers of fear that still flicker in his stomach. Needing to shake off the remnants of sleep, and the dreams that always accompanied it, Sherlock swings his legs over the side of the lounge and pads out of the forgotten room, silk slippers snagging on the warping floor boards.
Sherlock pushes John back and climbs on top of him, kissing him fiercely. How could this be?
This is what he has to look forward to. To being raped on his wedding night likely to be followed by a honeymoon of nightly beatings. Very well, he could endure it. He would have to, he had no choice. He would endure this life of fear and degradation if it meant there was even the slightest chance that John's life would be spared.
The feeling of another person against him is strange to Sherlock. The sound of the mingled breath, the hand kneading his waist, the heat of John’s body. A kind of abandon Sherlock has never known is driving him to delve deeper into John’s mouth and hold tighter to him with fistfuls of his shirt; wanting more, more, more…
This does not surprise John; they were among his mother’s most treasured possessions, after all. He must remember to thank Mrs. Hudson.
But even if Sherlock did want him, that did not mean he had an desire to act upon his feelings.
John huffs a laugh.
“Get to the point.” Sherlock barked, nails digging into his palms.
He slips out of the manor on silent, slippered feet just as the sun beyond the trees is turning the night sky silvery with the morning. Gravel crunches under him, he can feel every pebble. His fingers reach out to brush along the foliage that lines the path, the grounds are practically humming with life now that spring has come.
“Enough!” a voice calls from somewhere.
“Did you simply change your mind, or did I do something wrong?”
Sherlock jerks back, moving quickly to stand and flee. John holds tightly to him, careful of his still painful wrist.
“Look, can we not do this tonight, mate?” he almost begs.
There is a mirror on the wall beside the coat pegs and Sherlock catches a glimpse of his reflection as he makes for the door. He looks almost wild. Hair in disarray from running his fingers through it in his impatience to leave, eyes dull with dark shadows blooming beneath, skin gone sickly pale, nearly translucent.
“Yeah,” he says, “he’s quite a handful.”
Sherlock's heart skips.
In a whisper so low even he can barely hear it Sherlock vows, “If there day should come that I ascend the northern throne, I will return to you, my dear John.”
“You should not have waited so long,” he chastises.
Sherlock forces John over and straddles him, claiming his mouth in a kiss so fierce it hurts. He kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him.
“Sherlock?” John's voice is tense, “Are you alright?”
“That sounds wonderful,” Sherlock murmurs, and John is surprised to see his features have settled into something wistful and a little sad. “Our mother insisted Mycroft and I learn to play. I excelled, of course. It was the only occasion she ever seemed to find to praise me. So I dedicated myself to music in hopes of winning her approval.”
Without warning Sherlock presses a hard, sucking bite against John's neck. John groans, his back arching into Sherlock's chest as he begins to pull at John’s waistband with shaking hands.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock mumbles.
“Oh, I see,” Sherlock drawls with mock imperiousness, “so you’ve had designs upon me all along.”
John looks back over his shoulder and nods to Lestrade who rushes passed them, sword drawn as John pulls Sherlock away, fleeing the chapel. Sherlock does not witness Greg Lestrade run his brother through, but he hears the screams of his wedding guests as they watch their king die.
“He’s gone, love,” John says, even though he is nearly whispering his voice echoes slightly in the air. “He’s gone and we’re still here.”
Sherlock's body burns at the thought of being husband to this man.
“Hey,” she says, not meeting his eyes.
John runs his fingertips over Sherlock's lashes and lips, his cheek bones and his throat. Nothing escapes Sherlock's notice for long, and he soon stiffens and his eyes fly open as he notices John's tension.
“John,” the word is little more than a croak as it passes Sherlock’s swelling lips. Another bruising press of mouths and John is tearing himself away, just far enough to look into Sherlock’s face. They are flushed and panting, and Sherlock is suddenly, horrifyingly aware of the ache in his groin where he has grown harder than he can remember being for some years. There is a similar hardness pressed into his thigh.
Just as Sherlock is preparing to flee the parlor, even knowing he’d face his father’s wrath, a voice speaks up from behind Lord Moriarty; high and sweet.
John gives a soft smile that makes warmth bloom in Sherlock’s chest. He crosses the few feet between them and crowds close to Sherlock.
Sherlock gives a kind of sardonic laugh, “Why stop now, we’ve finally arrived at what you truly want to know. Just how far into the recent past does this
“No, no,” he reassures, trying to keep his voice even, as if speaking to a skittish animal, “it’s alright. That was beautiful, truly beautiful.”
John rises from his chair and crosses to the sideboard.
“From the madman who abducted you, of course.”
They are slow. Lips on heated skin, hands in hair and cupping faces. They lie tangled together beneath the sheets, making love with their mouths and whispering to each other. When one of them is overcome the other kisses and soothes him until they are again lost in one another.
“It’s alright,” John breathes against his mouth, they aren’t exactly kissing simply sharing air, “I’m here, let go. I have you.”
Greg leads him under the police tape and into a block of flats that has clearly been vacant for some time. He explains that the body was found by a homeless man looking for a place to sleep. The building has been empty of tenants for nearly two years, it sustained serious damage after a pipe burst and has changed hands several times since then. The new owners have been getting it ready for renters for the past few weeks.
Even after all these years there was something about Sherlock that John could never quite grasp. He had seen a side of the man he was certain no one else knew. John had been as close to Sherlock as it was possible for a man to be with someone he could only call a friend, and yet he still felt as though he was being held at arms-length.
Sherlock quickly shrugs him off but then gives him an apologetic look when he remembers people generally find that rude.
Her words pique his interest. He would not be remaining here long term, this was useful information.
…” the man soothes, “easy, you’re alright.”
Sherlock feels a surge of daring overtake him and he clasps John's hand and places it on his growing erection.
“Just like the last one.”
“Thank you.’
are going to the lake.”
Sherlock has spent the past five nights in John's bed because it smells of him— ridiculous. Lying next to John at night, and having little else to occupy him during the day had made sleeping appealing for the first time in his life, and Sherlock finds he is more than willing to take advantage of it.
. But I could see it in his face, John did not want to live.”
Also, i feel i should mention that I'm imagining the Sherlock of series one (slightly younger) and the John of series four (the hair!), just so you understand where I'm coming from.
The title makes Sherlock's skin crawl.
“I’m sorry, Liz,” he scratches the back of his neck, “I’m, erm… I’m just not looking for anything right now.”
“What do you know of James Moriarty?”
A cat lying across the front step of 221.
He was beginning to wonder if John had simply forgotten their meeting when he heard the sound of hooves approaching. He glanced over to see John rounding the corner on his grey gelding,
But his heart, which he had assumed until recently was hard as stone, ached at the idea of just leaving without first knowing what had become of the man he loves.
“My dear Sherlock,” he murmurs in a voice meant only for the two of them, “in mere moment you will be all mine, eternally.”
“What is this?” Sherlock asks, eyes roaming the little nest.
I don't know exactly what's coming form here. I have to go back to my outline and flesh out the next few chapters as this is as far as I've gotten so far. But you can expect to see glimpses of Sherlock's past and maybe a little about the war that took John's family from him.
Sherlock would have expected derision or scorn from John, but the smaller man only gives him a weak smile, “Not overly involved in the affairs of your brother’s kingdom, then?”
John just nods and takes Sherlock’s hand, dropping the beads into his palm. The metal holds the warmth of his skin. Sherlock spreads the rope over his fingers and examines the pattern in which the beads are strung.
Sherlock brushes past them into the flat cordoned off with yellow tape. He and Sally share a petty glare as he passes and Sherlock spares a thought for the days when he would have jumped for joy at the mere mention of a serial killer.
Sherlock had not known just how long it had taken for Mycroft to write him off. The short time frame did not offend him, he is of no real use to his brother and he knows nothing of state secrets. So it would pose no threat should he have fallen into the hands of southern intelligence— he had nothing tell.
Sherlock watches as both men rise and shake hands, something solemn hangs between them.
John is thoroughly dumbstruck by the prince’s words, even more so by the thinly veiled desperation in his eyes. “You do not want Mycroft to learn that you still live.”
The stranger leads Sherlock through a heavy metal door marked Pearson Slaughterhouse.
But John's brow furrows as though he is considering something.
It’s then that the voices begin again and Sherlock’s attention is drawn to a intricately carved table in the center of the room, at which three people are seated. John, and two others Sherlock doesn't recognize.
“Hello, Jim.”
Feeling his confidence return by inches, John places a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back. He turns a little face John, his eyes clear but apprehensive.
Fear flares in Sherlock like fire and he clutches at John with his damaged wrist, completely unaware of the pain now as he cries, “No!”
John pauses before answering. Grown men don’t have crushes.
The Lord’s face is not at all like what Sherlock had been expecting. His skin is pale and smooth, with dark eyes set deep in their sockets. His eyes are frightening, cold and menacing. Lord Moriarty rolls his lip out between his teeth and Sherlock feels something icy settle in his gut.
“It astounds me still that he is the way he is,” Greg didn’t seem to be speaking to Sherlock anymore, it seemed he just needed to speak. “With everything he’s lost, all he’s endured, he ought to be as heartless as your brother.”
Sheets have been strung from every tree, enclosing the space within. The grassy path has been covered in a thick layer of blankets, some of which Sherlock recognizes from John's rooms.
A small, indignant noise squeaks out of Sherlock’s throat.
Next time,
When at last Mycroft speaks his voice is deadly calm.
“Come on inside, then. We’ll get you stocked up.”
Greg doesn’t respond, just lifts his brows in question.
Sherlock encounters someone from John's past, and he is not impressed.
“Do you doubt me?”
As his eyes had scanned the line of soldiers before him his eye fell upon a man he thought he recognized. He was tall, even atop his horse, with dark blonde hair and a chiseled face. Sherlock felt a cold stab of real fear as he realized that man tasked with bringing him home was Sebastian Moran.
“John,” he whines, voice shaky and desperate.
take the capitol, we will finally bring all this to an end; and it’s all thanks to him.”
In the last chapter i promised i'd have this one up in a week, obviously that didn't happen. Long story short, after the last part went up someone in the family got very sick and has been since. My part in taking care of them and my other responsibilities have left me extremely busy and fan fiction just couldn't be a priority. Things have calmed down a little now, but i will not make you any more promises about when chapters will go up, its just cruel.
He decides not to decide and simply allows his fingers to twitch out a parting line.
“Just for now,” he amends, bringing his hand up to stroke across the sharp plains of Sherlock’s face. “I meant what I said, I don’t want to ask for more than you are willing to give.”
“Oh!” he tries to laugh it off, “yes, Rosie, my daughter. Don’t know why I said ‘he’.”
“Because I was burdensome, and they disliked me,” Sherlock is surprised by the ease in his voice, though he can feel John’s pitying gaze burning a hole in him; it makes his jaw clench.
Dimly John recalls the meeting but he does not think his legs could support him even if he had the will to stand.
“Hush, boy,” the king orders, not bothering to look at his son.
“Thank you, thank you all,” says John's lovely voice, “but I think what my men and I need now is a good night’s rest.”
And suddenly, John found himself wanting so badly to be beneath those fingers. To be studied and observed, to be devoured by Sherlock’s keen eyes. Without really meaning to, he opened the glass door he hid behind and stepped across its threshold. He must speak to Sherlock— he must set this right. When Sherlock saw him enter the garden he froze. John barely had time to open his mouth before Sherlock turned on his heel and strode from the yard.
He pulls the prayer beads out of Sherlock's shirt.
I hope you enjoy.
“Real vicious one this time, yeah? Victims with their throats slashed.”
John's knuckles have turned white where he grips the arm of his chair, he makes a noise of confirmation.
he wants to scream to the man,
Mycroft stands at the head of the room and addresses the crowd.
Sherlock froze.
Moriarty makes a sound like a wounded cat and glances briefly over his shoulder. the hulking form of Moran sidles over, his face is unsettlingly blank. Without a word Moran kneels by Sherlock's head, taking hold of his wrists and securing them against the floor under his knee.
“Sherlock!” John's voice comes again, and Sherlock calls back.
After coming to John in the audience chamber, Sherlock had been led by the hand back to the king’s apartment where they had settled into armchairs in the sitting room. They drifted between easy conversations about nothing in particular and comfortable silence for hours, warmed by the little fire in the hearth and simply being near to each other. Neither had noticed the dawn approaching until pale light began peeking through the curtains.
Sherlock did not realize he had fallen asleep until he was jolting awake, the image of John being held by merciless northern inquisitors still flashing crimson before his eyes.
“She’s of average build but not particularly toned or muscular, so she probably didn’t regularly go to a gym, busy schedule. Callus on her left middle finger suggests she’s left handed. There’s a surgical scar on the inside of her right wrist that looks to be about a year old, check with hospitals to see if anyone remembers her. Surgery like that would require physical therapy. She has a cat and—”
When Greg had called Sherlock for help, neither of them had thought to let John know. Sherlock had claimed it was because this would be an easy one and that he only agreed to help because he had nothing else on. That didn’t mean it didn’t sting to be forgotten like that.
John returns her smile and asks, “Is he in?”
“There may be one in the cabinet,” John gestures to a large, wooden piece against the far wall. Sherlock stands and goes to the cabinet, struggling with the aged latch before it finally gives way.
So when James Moriarty enters the great hall with his lovely sister Janine on his arm, Sherlock is out of his seat at the head table, making sure that the feet of his chair scrape as loud as possible as he stands, and striding out of the hall before anyone can stop him.
He does not waste another second and drops heavily to his knees.
“Get help,” John says, and pulls Sherlock over to lie on his back on the stairs.
Hello,
The last piece clicks into place in Sherlock's mind.
“No, it’s alright,” John's seems, not defeated, but tired. “That was a long time ago.”
“Lip parted, eyes dilated and slightly unfocused, breath uneven,” Sherlock begins in a rapid whisper. “Factor in…” he gives a little cough, “other physical responses to my proximity. I’ve seen these things before.”
on the marble tile floor.
Sherlock is ready to pounce, but restrains himself at the expression that crosses John's face. There is something deeply sad and almost fearful behind his blue eyes, and Sherlock instinctively reaches out to cup his face.
Between ferocious kisses John pants, “Is that I yes, then?”
You're probably getting sick of me apologizing for the delays in chapters, huh? well i actually started this a little while ago but i put it aside because i recently started a new job thats had me more stressed than i thought it would. i'm actually posting this just before i have to leave for work.
So, i guess John has some things he really wants to say to Sherlock. Meanwhile, Sherlock has no idea how to process any of this. Poor lamb.
John doesn’t remember leaving the room. He only remembers the resolve that solidifies in him as he made his way back to his own apartment where he establishes himself in front of the fire to ignore his cup of tea.
Thank you for your support thus far, I look forward to your insightful feedback, dear readers.
So be it then.
John is unnerved by how even the Major’s voice is, always a sign of unpleasant things to come.
John’s heart leapt as he crosses into the adjoining room, hands clasped behind his back. The air in the room is warm and thick, the summer heat having come upon the land at last. Sherlock stands at the open window breathing in the breeze as it moves by, rustling his curls.
Sherlock huffs.
A darkness crept into Greg’s lined face and his eyes grew distant. “David and I served together before his own father died. We hatched such schemes together, he and I; said that when David sat on the throne we’d find a way to bring peace to this world. As if two boys could do something like that all on their own.”
The memory of pain is always sharper in sleep. Terror clings to him like vines, dragging him deeper. Dark eyes gleam with malicious intent as they flash across his mind’s eye— and then, Sherlock is jolting awake with a start.
“Why did you run away?” he asks.
“But he has not!” John barks. Sherlock’s body jerks at the shout and he gives a pitiful whimper, John’s hands absently find the matted curls and begin to pet them, “It does not matter, if Mycroft were ever to learn that his brother was here, or worse, that we let him die, he’d do away with us all for good.”
“Is that where you’re from?” John asks, turning to face Sherlock more directly.
“And I love you,” Sherlock affirms, calmer now.
The black cat is sitting on its haunches on the coffee table, patiently allowing Rosie to swat at its head in an awkward attempt at petting. Its rumbly purr fills the still air of the lounge.
However, this month is going to be incredibly busy for me as i have to finish out this term, get all my things packed, and return home all within the next three weeks. So if there aren't many updates in that time, I hope you'll forgive me. The good news is that most of the chapters will probably be up during the late spring and early summer when the story itself takes place, provided you live in the northern hemisphere.
“I know, my most recent case has been keeping my busy and I lost track of time. What do you have in?”
“Good evening,” he greeted them, but there was no sincerity in it. He took in their pitying expressions and heaved a sigh. They know.
His heart is pounding.
“You as well, Majesty.”
While on a morning walk, Sherlock stumbles upon the old chapel where he receives an invitation.
“The men are ready to start heading back. We should probably get on our way soon if you’re going to make that cabinet meeting.”
I’m not proud of that.”
“You don’t have to,” he insists.
The cat eyes John's out stretched hand for a moment before allowing him to scratch under its chin. John doesn’t miss the way the cat doesn’t move to meet him, instead making John do the work. After a moment the cat lifts its head to allow John better access and closes its eyes.
“That settles it then,” John says darkly, “they were involved. They did this.”
“You know how mother felt about religion,” he says this last word as though it left a sour taste in his mouth. “She would be ashamed.”
“Did you bring a thermos? I could heat this for you.”
The night wears on.
When he surfaces he sees John through unfocused eyes staring down at him with such profound affection that Sherlock is sure his heart would stop if it weren’t pounding like a drum.
He breaks their grasp as the form of John Watson emerges from the fray, Greg Lestrade following behind, sword drawn ready to defend his king.
There was nothing he could do for his people in this moment, and he could carry on hating himself for it in the morning, but Sherlock was one problem he could solve. John forces himself off the wall and makes for Sherlock’s apartment. If he’d been wrong, if Sherlock did not want him the way he’d thought, then at least he would know one way or the other.
Every last inch of his battered body protests with what little strength it has left, screaming at him to lie down and give in. How long has it been? He can no longer remember. He pushes himself onto his right forearm and slides a knee up to brace the lower half of his body. His chest is burning with the effort to keep breathing; his entire body is burning. The more he moves, the faster the world spins around him. He has to stand up, he needs to get to the water, he needs…
Greetings,
“We missed you at dinner, my dear,” he drawls. “Your brother was all set to announce our wedding, but you were absent.”
He curled in on himself. He wished dearly that he had not held back in that final letter. He wished he’d have written down everything he’d been too afraid to express in the moment. Then, if John were truly gone from him, perhaps he might have received the letter first and had a chance to know all that Sherlock now accepted was in his heart. Rather than some vague and selfish line about cinders and longing.
John does not move from Sherlock's side as morning turns to day and day to twilight. He waits with him like he did the day he found this rare and otherworldly man in his forest.
John gives a sheepish grin and ducks his head, “Just something I threw together.”
"Sherlock..."
Hands roam and clutch and mouths smear across sweat damp skin. They move and sigh and mend each other, and fall over the edge together, as one.
Sherlock forces his body to be still.
Through the haze of wine Sherlock realizes there is something he wanted to say. He reluctantly pulls his mouth away from nibbling on John's ear to look into his face.
They stand as if in sync and Sherlock offers his hand to take John's mug for washing. John thanks him with a sheepish smile and Sherlock is grateful his skin rarely colors anymore.
He spies Mrs. Hudson in the corner with a feather duster in hand. She gives him a knowing smile and bundles Molly away.
His vision is beginning to blur and he can’t seem to hold his head up.
“She is quite—” her words cut off when the cart’s age-warped wheel catches on the rolled edge of the rug and pitches forward, clattering to the floor with a jarring crash. “Oh dear…”
of his kingdom— as you put it.”
Sherlock's blood turns to ice in his veins, breath coming in shallow gasps, heart pounding as his mind races.
Sherlock made an impressed little noise, he had never expressly told Lestrade about that particular skill. He really should give the DI more credit.
John gives him a look full of suggestion and quirks a brow.
Sherlock wants to tell John how happy he is to see him, and how sorry he is that he left without saying goodbye. He wants to tell this beautiful man how much he loves him, and how happy he was with him and…
He couldn’t seem to find the words he wanted and huffed in annoyance. Sherlock pulled back a little and John can see his expression is sad.
I really like "You can be king again" by Lauren Aquilina as a theme of sorts for this story.
“You know my work schedule?” John asks, eyes softening.
Thank you so much for you patience with me on this work. I can't promise i will go back to uploading three chapters in a week, but I will do my best to get them out to you more than once i month, lol
John fists his hands in the sheets and bites down hard on his lip as a familiar hopelessness settles behind his breast plate.
“I, William Sherlock Scot Holmes, take you John Hamish Watson to be my husband, my partner, my love. I vow to love and keep you all the days of my life. And to cherish you, and tell you each and every day how happy I am to have found you.”
He feels Sherlock’s fingers tighten fractionally around his as the bed itself, with its massive carved headboard, comes into view. John stops at the corner of the mattress and pulls Sherlock around to face him. Their lips meet as if drawn together and Sherlock’s free hand, the one that hasn’t grabbed hold of John’s collar, grips the thick wooden bed post.
“And how much of the cake actually made it into the tin?”
“Somethings wrong,” John nearly shouts, hands scrabbling over Sherlock who can no longer feel his extremities, “he can’t stand.”
It takes a full five seconds for Sherlock to comprehend what John was referring to, and his eyes go very wide as it hits him.
“Sherlock?” the voice calls to him. It’s no longer hovering above him, but sounds to be coming from directly in front of him. It then becomes apparent that the voice is the warm thing he is pressed against— the body the voice inhabits, the man with the deep, blue eyes.
Sherlock wraps his arms securely around John's waist and rests his chin on his shoulder.
Well, not completely.
He leans down and ghosts a kiss over John's lips.
He does not sleep. But drifts on the edge of wakefulness where dreamy memories of tenderness float behind his eyes.
“Let’s hope so,” Greg gives him a cheeky smile, “you want to get this one?”
“You honestly don’t know?” Greg asked soundly a little incredulous. “Your brother’s greatest obstacle to claiming the south, and he never once gloated to you about how he did it.”
“Sherlock!”
As the library door clicked shut, Sherlock’s chest heaved with a deep sob as he fought to regain his composure. The air in the room felt cold and still despite the fire still crackling in the hearth. It felt as though a bottomless pit had opened in his stomach that would swallow him whole. How could John stand to be near him— to touch him— knowing who he is? No one could over look something like that.
“The doctor’s already been today,” she tells him as she leads him to an adjoining room, "our visitor is much recovered."
Greetings readers!
Greetings,
“A long time ago,” John says, voice sad and distant, “in another life.”
John bites his lip sheepishly and stretches up to retrieve the trousers he’d flung carelessly aside as he’d stripped. From the pocket he produces a vial of the same green-tinted oil they use in the bedroom.
He looks into John's beautiful eyes and he thinks he could lose himself in them. He knows that it will absolutely destroy him to be torn from this man. He chases that thought from his head before it can ruin his bliss.
Sherlock feels the flare of rage in his brother before he sees it and instinctively flinches back before Mycroft crosses the space between them and grabs hold of Sherlock by the collar.
Sherlock barely has a moment to brace himself as he sees Moriarty’s arm pull back before the blow connects with his chin. Dazed, he doesn’t at first feel buttons of his bloodied shirt being torn away. But as he comes back to himself, mouth tasting of copper, something within Sherlock screams at him to fight; kick, scream, do anything he must to free himself.
At night when their procession made camp, Sherlock refused any food offered to him and he didn’t sleep. Instead he lay in his cot watching the roof of his tent ripple in the wind. The light of the fires outside cast the shadows of his guards long and dark across the grass floor of his fabric cell.
The journey from the manor to the boarder had been a difficult one. With each turn of his coach’s wheels he was taken further and further from John. Guilt knotted his stomach at the thought of John waking to find himself alone; he was a coward to have left without a final goodbye.
“I rather like you like this. Addled, sweet, and pliant. I think I’ll keep you like this always once your mine.”
Sparks flash along Sherlock’s nerves and he moans wantonly as John’s tongue finds a particularly sensitive place beneath his jaw. Sherlock feels John’s laugh vibrate through his skin. He clutches at him, fingers digging into John’s back. John’s fingers twist into Sherlock’s shirt and begin pulling it free of the waistband of his trousers. Goose flesh breaks out across his skin as the cool air of the tunnel brushes against his middle.
As the days wore on, groups of soldiers had fractured away from the party until only a small company remained. Sebastian Moran still leading the way. Sherlock suspected this war criminal would receive some reward for bringing the wayward prince home.
Sherlock and Moriarty are separated when they reach the altar and Sherlock is ushered to the left to await the start of the ceremony.
Next time, the boys beat the heat.
“Is it good, love?” John asks, though it was only to hear Sherlock's voice again. It was plain to see that Sherlock was enjoying this.
“I know,” his voice is tight.
Without another thought, and absolutely no hesitation, Sherlock leans forward on his hands and catches John’s mouth with his own. A little sound of surprise escapes the king and he moves closer, shifting to sit thigh to thigh with Sherlock and wrap his arms around his waist. Sherlock’s hands cup John’s face, his fingers scratching in the short hairs behind his ears.
“I’m sorry,” his voice is a cracked whisper. Guilt twists his stomach, “I am so sorry. I can’t.”
“Jim is the youngest of seven siblings, and northern law prohibits a person from marrying before their older siblings have. This, inconveniently, does not apply to Mycroft. Eight months ago, James’ older sister, the last unmarried sibling besides himself, fell suddenly ill and died. I suppose he grew tired of waiting for his title.”
Sherlock’s shoulders then begin to feel the familiar pressure of his own burden, and the gnawing fear of being a burden himself— especially to someone as kind as John.
“I’m glad you’ve come,” John says, folding his book shut and placing it on the side table.
John's beautiful face has split into a blinding smile.
Sherlock crashes down on John with an intensity that surprises both of them, crushing his mouth to John’s with enough force to cause pain. John pulls him in and long fingers cup his head, holding him fast. Sherlock’s mouth opens for him and John’s grips tightens reflexively.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his features lifting, “music is one of the keenest pleasures I have ever known.”
Soon they come upon what looks like a sheet that’s been tied to the trees on either side of the path creating a sort of wall blocking their way.
“You’re going to be alright,” it whispers in his ear, “Hold on…”
Next time we'll find out what has become of John. Hopefully he's alright.
Sherlock feels guilt roil within him, he had no right to push John about this.
Sherlock huffs from his hiding place and hopes no one heard him. Was it common here for advisors to be so blatant— and persistent— in questioning their king’s orders?
John wished he could just be honest. But instead he bit his tongue and choked on his feelings like a coward, because Sherlock— brilliant and bright though he was— does not love John. Not in that way.
“Alright, alright,” John laughs against his mouth, “hold on.”
“I’ll admit I’m curious,” John replies, “but you don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to.”
A heavy kind of sadness settles in John, “You’ve never spoken of it.”
The sound of their panting fills the air around them as John begins to release the pearl buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. He sucks kisses along a prominent clavicle before running the flat of his tongue back up Sherlock’s throat to the place behind his ear.
“Please, Greg, please. That bastard Moriarty must know something, find him.” John is openly weeping now and Sherlock wants to reach out and comfort him.
He felt a bit less awkward speaking to her since learning about her life as nobility, he did not stop to ponder the implications of that. How to explain?
The oven beeps and Mrs. H rises to kiss him on the forehead before retrieving the cake tins.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, expression clear and wanting.
He draws in a breath and knocks.
Sherlock spends the better part of the dark hours shuffling aimlessly through the tunnels. Sometime around dawn he feels his eyelids growing heavy and ducks into an empty room to rest on a velvet lounge.
He decides not to say anything and instead joins John in pulling things from the basket and laying the items out of the blanket. Bread, cheese, fresh berries, and biscuits. He pretends he doesn’t see the little vial of oil, even as he feels his cheeks burn.
“You said she was once your fiancée?” he can hear the pettiness in his own voice.
“Well,” Liz give him a little smile and backs out of the office, “I’ll see you tomorrow. Or, whenever…”
Sherlock clutches at John as his panting breaths turn to quiet sobs.
“Who said I intend to marry
“Do what?”
Lapping…
And he is unsurprised to find that he believes it.
John is seated on a settee by the fire, a book cradled in his hands. He isn’t looking at the page, but staring into the flames, apparently mesmerized by their fliting and flickering.
“Sherlock,” John sighs, pain welling in his chest despite the little smile tugging at his lips, “how can you think so?”
John's shoulders seem to tense rather than relax at her teasing.
GREETINGS AT LAST!!
All around him candles flicker and cast their warm light upon the grey stone walls. He closes his eyes and lean his head back against the rim of the bath, which is big enough that he can float weightless in its depths. His mind driftsback to the last time he had been in water deep enough to submerge in; the lake.
“No,” Sherlock says through clenched teeth, “I cannot.”
“Yes well, that is not how my father brought me up. A king’s place is beside his people. But I ran because I was afraid. A coward then, a coward now.”
So we have only one more chapter to go before we come to the end of this little adventure!
“And now that bitch has come seeking your forgiveness?” he asks incredulously.
Beyond the main hall there is a gallery lined with family portraits dating back hundreds of years. At the far end of the long room there is a pair of enormous doors, before which stands Mycroft, flanked by Jim Moriarty and four knights in full regalia.
He traces John's jaw with tentative fingers. They cannot seem to look at each other without giggling like fools. Finally, Sherlock bites down on the absurd grin threatening to break free and looks deep into John's ocean eyes. He is utterly and completely at peace.
“I know but…” he shuts his eyes tight. “A few months ago I wouldn’t have even thought of saying yes to Liz, now I’m snogging my coworker in my office after hours.”
“God’s sake, John,” he says, wanting to sound demanding but instead sounding desperate, “please.”
he wants to say.
“He is the son of your country’s greatest ally and far better than you deserve, you ungrateful wretch. You will marry him at midsummer, and I’ll not hear another word on the matter.”
The air bites at his face as he climbs the steps from the station onto the street. He is tired and his body feels heavy as he trudges along Baker Street.
He knows this woman, short blonde hair, large eyes, small frame. He’s seen her many times at his brother’s court. A feeling of terror settles in his stomach, he’d been discovered.
“Funny.”
Despite Sherlock’s obvious beauty, without the immediate threat of death to stave off, John is forcibly reminded that the man sitting before him is a northerner; the
JIm tips Sherlock's head back, and he feels a spot of cool touch his lip before something trickles into his mouth.
“My brother made certain to align himself with our father at as early an age as possible. He did everything he could to remain in his good graces, that included thrashing me on his behalf. He must have learned to enjoy it, I think, because soon he would seek me out wherever I was. That’s how I became so adept at scaling the jagged terrain around our ancestral home— running for my life.”
“Did you ever receive the funds?”
“You will be married by midsummer,” Mycroft says as Sherlock rises from his bow. “There are a few minor details to be sorted, and then you and your beloved James will meet at the altar.”
“Hey,” he murmurs back.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John says, “I didn’t mean to worry you.”
“A far cry from the famed intemperance of his brother,” Mrs. Hudson had said warmly.
Sherlock realizes that he’s wandered further away from the guest wing than he initially thought when it takes less than a minute to come upon the origin of the voices, now much clearer with proximity. In another moment, he finds himself standing at one of the doors hidden in the wall panels, peering through the small window into a long, opulently decorated room. This was the grandest room Sherlock has seen in the manor, by far. The silk-covered walls are adorned with velvet hangings and paintings in ornate frames. One of which, a portrait hung beside a painting of a lush pasture, looks unnervingly like John. But the hair is a bit darker and the face bares deeper lines, and Sherlock decides the portrait must be of King David, John’s late father.
“The second company arrived this afternoon and the captain brought with him something that requires your attention.”
By the time the sun set tomorrow Sherlock will have held up his end of the bargain; on this he was resolved. And, war or no, he could only hope his brother would do the same.
If you'd like to see the art I've done for this fic, paste this into your search bar: http://melimiyoko.deviantart.com/art/The-Northern-Prince-Johnlock-664920903
Instantly he is on his guard. The footfalls grow louder until they come to a halt on the other side of the door. There is a brief murmuring of voices before the door opens without warning and Mycroft steps through. He curses himself for not realizing, if Anthea is here, of course Mycroft would be as well.
John reaches out to take Sherlock’s hand where it lay on the cushions.
Sherlock’s body rocks, arching instinctively in an effort to get closer. A deep and almost pained sound is pulled from both of them as their bodies align just so, and Sherlock can feel the rather insistent evidence of John’s arousal against his own.
He is nothing to them.
He feels tremendously awkward, but he wanted to be sure.
It’s horrible, he thinks, invasive and uncomfortable. He squirms and whimpers, fighting the urge to demand John stop.
John’s kisses are gentle, his mouth careful and his hands firm, caressing Sherlock without trapping him. Sherlock, freed from restraint by the security of John’s embrace, pressed in further. The angle of his hand on John’s face makes his wrist throb, so he slides his arm around John’s neck, long fingers splayed across the king’s left shoulder. The skin beneath the fine silk shirt feels wrong somehow, raised lines fan out like rays from a central point which dips beneath Sherlock’s finger tips. A scar?
“Here,” John says gently, “may I see it?”
Sherlock did not hear another word on the subject of John's marriage and he did not push the issue, though curiosity ate away at him constantly. If John was determined not to discuss it, then Sherlock was equally determined not to spoil his last few days with John by pestering him for details he did not actually want to hear.
Sherlock remains absolutely silent.
Sherlock closes his eyes, determined to wait this out; simply grit his teeth and bear it, knowing that fighting will only worsen things. But when Moriarty’s cold hand slips under the hem of his shirt Sherlock's body reacts reflexively, flinching away from the unwelcome contact.
“Yes,” the word is out of Sherlock's mouth even before John has finished his question.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, he only sits there in that high-backed chair, staring straight through John.
But still, something felt off.
Greetings,
Like i have said before, i am 100% committed to completing this story, and am excited to do so. Thank you so much for your continuing patience.
“You don’t have to explain,” John rushes to say.
John was the one assuring his safety, if he was gone Sherlock would have no choice but to leave too. To return to the north where Mycroft would find a way to learn where he had been and Sherlock hated to think of what his brother may do; not to him, but to John's kingdom for hiding him. Through John he had become rather fond of the southern people, though he had yet to meet them, and he found himself worrying for their safety as John did.
“Your Majesty, have mercy, please! He is a vile man, do not force me to marry him.”
But Sherlock had made it clear early on that relationships, and sex, were not something he did. He was married to his work, and John could live with that. he would ignore it and persist in finding the right woman, settle down, and keep on solving cases with his best friend. It would all be fine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tell me,” John murmurs, his voice gone so low and husky as to make Sherlock flush.
“But they were older. Hours had gone by before we found them.”
He flew from John's chambers and through the tunnels, colliding painfully with a wall more than once. He found Mrs. Hudson in the servant’s quarters rather than in her own room, she squeaked as he burst through the door.
Sherlock makes to pull away but is held in place by a firm hand that grasps his arm.
“What difference does it make to you?” Sherlock spits, extricating himself, “You have no faith.”
John kneels beside the still form and places his fingers against the stranger’s neck. His pulse is barely perceptible, only the suggestion of a beat beneath his snowy skin. John slips his hand under the man’s cheek and lifts his face to the light, sweeping the dark, matted fringe out of the way. John’s jaw falls open.
“What is it?” he sits up straighter and grasps John's shirt.
Something wasn’t right. This man couldn’t possibly be the sweet boy Sherlock had been presented to in the parlor. That boy’s face was kind and open, his eyes had sparkled. Through the fog that crept across his vision, Sherlock could see that this man’s eyes were empty and dark. This could not be his Jim.
“Right then,” John sighs, “as I said, she and I were engaged to be married.”
As they reach the second floor the scent of fresh blood reaches Sherlock and a low growl rumbles in his chest.
“I suppose,” he finally answers, “but we don’t have anything for it.”
Sherlock receives a reply two agonizingly dull days later in the form of an unassuming envelope slipped under his door. The letter is addressed anonymously to
There is a knock at the washroom door and Sherlock lifts his head slightly.
“Good morning, brother mine,” Mycroft drawls. His face is completely blank, no need for sarcasm or threats anymore, not when he is about to get exactly what he wants.
“There will come a day when I will have to return to the north, and then what? You are a king, John. Surely you must understand that truth is based in perception. And I must one day return to a place where the perception is that I deserve to feel that terrible cane crack against my body. What good will your truth do me then?”
“What is it?” his voice is thick and raspy.
“The blood,” Lestrade finishes.
A guard comes in then, apologizing for letting her through without informing the king. John just waves him off with a smile.
Halfway up the main stair case something draws John's attention momentarily to the door hidden in the wall. For a flash Sherlock meets John's gaze and quickly disappears behind the panel.
“Cabinet meeting,” Greg says simply, “we’ve been gathered for over an hour. Are you not joining us?”
He looks like a specter, a mere imprint of the man that had once been the great Sherlock Holmes. And god, didn’t it feel that way some days.
“Good evening,” Sherlock murmurs, careful not to break the stillness in the air.
Sherlock’s head lolled and John was caught staring, his brow quirked questioningly.
I want you to know that I am 100% committed to completing this fic, i have a full outline and am working on it whenever I can. I hope that you will stick with it until the end, i promise it'll be worth the wait.
“I sent my baby brother away for some much needed rest, and that evil man stole you away. He tried to blackmail me into withdrawing my troops.”
Three days, four days, and then five.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and huffs, but John can read the underlying discomfort in his face.
As John prepares to tuck in he glances up at Sherlock's face. There are dark shadows under his eyes and his skin seems to have taken on a sickly parlor in the last few days. He wishes the idiot would sleep more.
Then he’d met Sherlock and suddenly the pretty girl and the pretty house no longer appealed the way they once had. He had quickly realized that normal could never satisfy him, could never complete him the way his life with Sherlock did.
Sherlock's voice catches when he stops to really examine the woman’s throat. Gouged so deep her spine is visible, and she lay in a dark lake of her own blood. Sherlock was not easily unnerved, but the victims on this case had been subjected to a kind of violence the average person simply wasn’t capable of. Something animalistic; bloodlust.
“You room,” Anthea informs him cordially before slipping silently away into the darkness of the hallway beyond.
“You are, you know,” Sherlock whispers after a while.
Despite John's request, Sherlock found that words eluded him. He sat to write a reply but he just didn’t know what to say. He had never spoken to his own people before so he could not council John on that matter. Nor had he any idea how to respond to John saying that Sherlock kept him going. John had expressed similar sentiments before, but Sherlock got the impression that this meant more. This was a confession of sorts. John was trying to communicate how he needed Sherlock, and Sherlock was struck dumb.
Mrs. Hudson makes a soft, approving noise.
She does not try to engage him further and simply gestures for him to follow her inside.
“Oh, you wicked thing,” he moaned through a shudder.
Carefully he opens the latch and lifts the lid. He is a little startled by a small something that falls out of a panel hidden in the lid. Sherlock picks up the something which turns out to be a frame in which a portrait has been fixed.
Moriarty turns from where he had been scanning the books on the shelf to stare at Sherlock with eyes like a demon’s.
There is something, John can tell. Though just what, he doesn’t know.
John makes a sort of cooing noise and tugs on the beads to pull Sherlock down into another kiss. It’s different now, slower, sweeter. John wraps his arms securely around Sherlock, and Sherlock in return runs gentle hands over John's face, smoothing the lines from his brow and scratching in the hair behind his ears.
hope you enjoy
“Must I sign this now?” John asks, rolling the edge of Mary’s death warrant between his fingers.
“Early thirties, unmarried, no children. Her hair is professionally colored and her nails are kept neat but not manicured. So she’s employed somewhere professional but where she does a lot of work with her hands, didn’t see a point in spending the extra money. She didn’t make much, or if she did she didn’t spend it on her clothes. Business casual, not cheap but not in season, some of her pieces are high end— off season retailer— others are high street.”
Our daughter was born ill, and we did not have the means to seek the treatment she needed. We were desperate. I sought the aid of Lord Moriarty in hopes that he might provide me with the resources needed to take my family and I out west. When I met with him he informed me that my father owed him an outstanding debt at the time of his death and that if I wanted the money I would have to work for him. I never believed his claims, but as I said, I was desperate.”
“It’s not possible,” he splutters, “I’m dead, as far as the world is concerned. How would you explain my sudden reappearance, in your realm of all paces? And what of that Morstan woman?”
Irene offers Sherlock her thin hand and helps him carefully to his feet. His legs shake beneath him and she supports him around the waist as she guides him to the washroom.
He slits his finger in his eagerness to open it.
They’d filed out of the stables before the sun had even risen with the intention of bagging at least one stag, for god’s sake. It’s been nearly a month since they’ve caught anything at all, the herd’s numbers had diminished significantly over the winter. Not because the winter season had been particularly brutal, but those damn poachers just cannot seem to keep to their own woods of late.
“Look at me,” John orders, firm but patient, “look at me and tell me what you see. You see everything, you observe everything, deduce it for me.”
Sherlock feels his stomach drop into his shoes as Moriarty picks up his left wrist.
On the eighth night of this new ritual, Sherlock lay reclined on the sofa in John’s chambers, eyes tracing the carvings in the marble mantel piece without really seeing them. Either the lack of stimulation had finally softened his mind to the point where boredom no longer bothered him, or he was experiencing something like true contentedness for the first time in his life. That was how he had explained his unexpected peace of mind to John, who was now watching the pale prince from the other end of the sofa.
He looked out at the horizon, a brilliant summer sunset lit up the sky like wildfire. His eyes fell on a small structure just around the corner, partially hidden by the opposite wall across the garden. It looked like an old shed of some sort, and Sherlock felt his mind begin to work.
He recalls the last time someone held his throbbing wrist like this. John, that night at the piano in the abandoned conservatory. Irene’s hands are soft but her touch carries none of John's tenderness. No, he would never again feel gentle hands on him, or a kind touch. The thought makes him sick.
Sure he may trumpet about his intellect, but John knew that a bone-deep self-loathing existed within his best friend, hidden away where others couldn’t see it. John wished, had always wished, he could take it away, make the madman understand just how precious he was to so many people— how necessary his existence was to John's continued survival— but he could never seem to summon the words.
John watches, transfixed, for just a moment before easing himself onto the mattress to kneel across Sherlock's thighs. John splays his hands across Sherlock's chest and runs them up his long neck to cup his face gently. Sherlock's fingers which had been twitching idly at his sides, find John's hips and dig in.
What he will not admit he really wants to do is stride across the street and grab hold of then man leaned against the wall. To force his head back and sink his teeth into his throat. Feel the last few feeble pulses of his carotid as it leaks hot blood down their fronts, warming them against the cold night air.
“Whether they were taken or they fled from whomever attacked them, they can’t have gotten far. The search party will check homes and farms along the main road, and then branch out onto backroads and into the forests; and by then it may already be too late. If they’re alive and being held it will be somewhere far from the roads and out of sight of passersby.” Words poured from him, his mind racing.
“Yes,” Sherlock sighs, “I see. My brother.” His eyes finally drift from John to fix on a place in the middle distance.
“What is it?” Sherlock asks, nosing as John's face until he forgets his frown and kisses him.
Another beat and a long, slow breath.
John had been devastated when he woke to find Sherlock had gone without a final goodbye. He had scrambled out of bed only to realize it was nearly noon and he was too late.
“Then, I’ll meet you in the library after dinner.”
He could hear water…
Next time: Sherlock's wedding day arrives.
Sherlock tries to lift his hand and John cradles it in his own and kisses each fingers over and over in turn until Sherlock huffs and rubs a thumb over John's cheek, when John takes to kissing his wrist instead.
“Brother, I beg you, have mercy.”
“I swear,” she says, holding up her palms to him, “Sebastian Moran accompanied them here but was absent from the wedding, it’s possible he may have gone on ahead of them to secure safe passage home,” Irene explains.
Joh reaches his destination before he realizes. He hesitates before knocking but when he does he makes sure the sound is loud and confident.
Liz steps into the room, a genuine but unsure smile on her face.
(See the end of the chapter for
John has gone on progress leaving Sherlock bored and lonely. They exchange letters and Sherlock decides to tell John about his growing affection for him.
There is a cat.
Next time: Our boys receive devastating news.
John muses,
“Get home, get some rest. I’ll phone later if we find anything. Are you going to bring John up to speed on things now or what?”
Sherlock choses to remain where his feet can still touch the ground. He is not the strongest swimmer owing to lifetime spent in almost perpetual winter. John leaves him there and swims out further, diving under and giving Sherlock a perfect view of his ass.
John's fingers crawl up Sherlock's body to release the pearl button at his throat. Sherlock's eyes bore into him, studying his every move with obvious interest. John crowds close, herding Sherlock until the backs of his knees touch the mattress. Something like uncertainty flashes in the prince’s eyes before he takes in a slow breath and climbs onto the bed.
She moves spindly fingers over his ribs and sternum, prodding occasionally and biting her lip. Sherlock doesn’t move.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello,” John greets quietly, not wanting to disturb the scene. The cat’s ear flick towards the sound of his voice.
John is aware that he is staring and does his utmost to gather himself. He clears his throat, “I, um…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” Sherlock slurs, “let me, please.”
It occurs to Sherlock as they begin their trek, that this is exactly how they’d sat on the morning John had found him in the woods. Sherlock leaning against John, barely alive, clinging to the sound of his voice to remain conscious.
John wants to take Sherlock’s hand, to hold him close, but he can see in his ridged posture that it would not be welcome. Sherlock sits with his arms crossed tightly over his chest, body angled away from John, eyes fixed unseeingly on the rug.
“You will do as you are commanded.”
A stray sound reaches his ears, the sound of hurried footsteps in the hall outside his apartment. He is the only occupant of this wing, so it must be the footfalls and excited voices of staff members. He thought he could hear the distant hum of activity that he imagined must be coming from the direction of the entrance hall.
“Yes, sir, he’s in the sitting room,” she replies and stands aside for him to enter the small foyer. She takes a step to go announce him, but he lays a hand on her shoulder to stay her.
“I don’t know what it is about you, and I honestly don’t care. Call it what you will, but he has obviously taken an interest in you. You make my king smile, highness. For that, I feel I should thank you. Whatever there is between you, it can’t last forever, surely you know that— just don’t hurt him when it ends.”
After five mind-numbing months in exile, whiling away his days lost in his own mind, Sherlock received notice in the form of a carrier bird, that his fiancé had departed from court that morning on his way to pay his husband-to-be a
“Then do it, kill me.”
Darkness closes in around the edges of Sherlock's vision, despair twisting his stomach. When he wakes he deliberately forgets what happened. Even as the effects of whatever James Moriarty had given him sets his already ravaged body on fire, he wills himself to forget. Moriarty is his last hope of escaping this horrible place, and he will hold onto that hope, even if it kills him.
“A couple of years after he lost his family I found him with his pistol in his mouth. He insisted he wasn’t planning to pull trigger, that he only wanted to know what it felt like, but I never believed him. I am certain that if I had come through that door a moment later, he wouldn’t be here now.”
I hope you enjoy!
With effort, Sherlock gets to his feet and pads barefoot into the washroom. He cups his hands in the basin and splashes cold water in his face, bracing himself on the wash stand. Behind him looms the figure of a suit form baring his wedding attire, he glowers at it in the mirror as if he could frighten it away.
Tea, amber, and wool…
“And will you, Sherlock Holmes, prince of the north, take James Moriarty to be your wedded husband.”
But no, John is not there, his chair is empty and the room is eerily still.
“Sherlock,” John begins carefully, and clears his throat, “have you ever… That is, do you—”
“I didn’t know,” Sherlock says quietly, “that is, I knew my brother has a tight grip on this place, but I had no idea your people were having difficulty feeding themselves.”
“Easy,” the stranger commands, “take him to the east wing, and fetch a doctor, quickly.”
There is a knock on the office door.
“No,” comes the sharp reply, “I would not. And I can assure you that retaliation from my brother upon learning that I am alive and well in your kingdom is incredibly unlikely. You’re a military man, think, my brother may be a terrible king— and I do not mean that in the way he’d like— but even he wouldn’t waste his resources in such a way. I doubt he would even bother sending one of his own men to collect me.”
“It is, but my family is taken care of, and that keeps me going. Sometimes the right reason can make a difficult choice easier.”
Under any other circumstances Sherlock would have simply leapt from the window and climbed down the side of the tower, but he would not take the risk. For the past six days he had gone over and over his brother’s words in his head, and he now desperately clings to the hope that if he does as he is told and marries to secure the Moriarty fortune for his brother, he may be able to convince Mycroft to forego his plans to destroy the southern kingdom.
,” she directs this comment at Lestrade but she clearly intended for Sherlock to hear. He rolls his eyes.
He is lightheaded and he cannot breathe, the room is almost spinning around them.
Rage flares in Sherlock's chest, but he clamps down on it. He watches Moriarty approach in the mirror, every instinct he has screams at him to flee, not to allow this man to get any closer.
“You want to know about my betrothal,” he says simply.
Relief washes through him as blood coats his tongue. The thrill is muted compared to that of a fresh kill, but still there is a tingling in his extremities that makes him sigh deep and long.
An adorable blush rises in Sherlock’s sharp cheeks.
No, that wasn’t true. Sherlock does love John, maybe more than he has ever loved anyone, and John knows this. But he is not in love with him. It’s really quite simple.
She quickly wheels around and takes her leave with an approving sort of hum. John notices that she can’t quite keep the smile off of her face.
“You’re home, it doesn’t matter now.”
A dying Sherlock encounters a lovely voice.
I am so very sorry for the delay in this chapter. I have been very busy and more than a little stressed. Like i've said before, i am 100% committed to completing this fic.
John hesitates for a moment, chewing the inside of his cheek. “Marriage,” he says after a tense moment.
Hope you enjoy!
When you have illuminated the impossible whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Sherlock tentatively crossed the threshold into the library. The setting sun casts pools of pale light on the plush carpets and climbs in pillars up the shelves of volumes lining the walls. The library is smaller than Sherlock had anticipated. He’d expected to find a space similar to his brother’s library; twisting labyrinths of cases and velvet furnishings. Rather, the room he enters is small by comparison, and the heavy scent of burning oak wafts from the hearth.
“Then, my sweet Sherlock,” John murmurs gently, cupping Sherlock's face, “will you marry me?”
Sherlock knew his face betrayed his confusion. “Isn’t Lord Moriarty’s influence enough, what the hell do you want with the entire eastern territory?”
He tried not to allow himself to panic. It wasn’t easy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then try me.”
“He did it for you. Sherlock. He did it all for you,” she says.
I spent my night writing this instead of my essay because that's what responsible adults do, right? But despite the fresh tattoo on my wrist, I managed to get through this in a couple of hours thanks to my outline. I also have a clearer understanding of where I want to go with this work.
“The Desk of King Mycroft the first, of the northern territories.”
Sherlock jumps, hating himself for it, and whirls around to face his visitor.
Can’t the world leave him in peace for one day to grieve?
Molly opens the door and gives him a kind smile and a curtsy. “Good evening, your majesty.”
“Sherlock, before I found you I believed I would never know happiness again. And I was content with that— I was. But now,” he searches Sherlock's face and his eyes are so earnest, “now that I have you, I cannot bear the thought of letting you go.”
“John,” he squeaks as though it comforts him just to say his name.
Sherlock's heart skips, he is sure John would have felt it beneath his palm.
“I see,” John says, “your family is not religious, then.”
He hesitates for only a moment before concluding.
Sherlock could still feel the rays of John’s scarred shoulder beneath his fingertips.
Upon his return to court, Sherlock is summoned at once to his brother’s audience chamber before he’s even changed out of his traveling clothes.
A very happy holiday season to you all!
They sit in their chairs by the empty hearth; Sherlock tries not to notice how his is slightly warm still.
Jim approaches and places a gentle kiss on Sherlock's lips.
“John,” he tries to speak but his voice won’t come.
John had said he’d make Sherlock scream, and scream he did.
“Northern troops are already swarming the gallery— I can’t risk going back up there.”
Sherlock cries out incoherently as his climax takes him, his awareness narrowing down to only his labored breathing, the agonizingly pleasurable release of his muscles, and the distant roll of thunder.
She may feel worse about his fate than he does.
John pinches the bridge of his nose and drops his bag with a thump.
“What of Mycroft?”
No reply.
John moves closer to the window as the sound of a piano begins to pour forth from it. His heart clenches almost painfully, he would recognize that melody anywhere, and it was being played so beautifully that John’s eyes pricked. He felt a sharp pang of unease as an image of his mother seated behind the grand comes back to him, clear as day. Before he can consider his actions, he is barreling through another pair of glass doors, skidding around corners, and bounding up the west staircase two or three steps at a time.
Greetings!
“I’ll have Molly come round to see to the rug,” she says, gesturing to the pool of tea spreading through the fibers.
He comes upon the conservatory door to find it cracked, music flowing into the corridor. Struggling to catch his breath in the musty air, John pushes the doors open with infinite care; fearing that any creek of the hinges may frighten the music away.
“I did not mean to disturb you, I wasn’t aware anyone would be in here.”
“What has that bastard done to you?” John’s voice is terrifyingly calm, even to his own ears.
Sherlock leaned back against the wall, there was nothing to do now but wait. He was surprised to find that John's beads were still wrapped around his hand. He ran the tips of his fingers over them, hoping that whoever received his instructions would bother to heed them, the letter was not sighed after all.
“Alright,” John says after a long pause, “see if neighboring counties can contribute anything, I doubt they fared much better, but it’s worth asking. Beyond that, there isn’t anything else I can do for them now.”
Sherlock does not respond, just turns on his heel and marches out of the flat. He needed to get home anyway, it was his turn to watch Rosie in the morning when John left for work, and it would help if he could get a bit of sleep before then.
John has stepped into the water, his feet breaking the stillness and he holds out a hand to Sherlock who takes hold and steps in himself. The water is blissfully cold, providing relief to their overheated skin.
John and Greg share a look that speaks up confusion and indecision.
He stares at the surface of the lake, watching tiny ripples writhe and glimmer in time with the breeze. He heaves a sigh.
Neither of them makes mention what is likely to happen to Sherlock upon arriving in the north. How it is likely it is that he will be torn apart for any information he may have on John and the south, then be put to death for treason. So really, making this promise would be pointless.
In response, Sherlock reaches for John, twining their fingers together and holding on.
“Please, Sherlock.”
“Good night, Sherlock,” John whispers against his willing mouth, “sleep well.”
“Sherlock,” he breathes, “Sherlock, love, wake up.”
That beautiful, blistering summer day in the cool waters, wrapped in John's arms. John's lips against his lips, his neck, closed over his nipples. The way John had laid him out on the dock.
“Of course,” John agrees with a smirk, “I schemed to get you alone so that I could ravish you where no one will hear you scream my name.”
John ignores them and turns his attention back to the man before him, crawling to fit his folded knees under his head. As John does this, his fingers brush against the stranger’s forehead; he is burning with fever.
“What are you getting at?” he demands.
Sherlock paused for a moment to take a breath and to question why he was bothering John with his meaningless troubles. He refused to admit a part of him just wanted John to reassure him, to tell him it was alright and that he was safe. What absolute nonsense. What absolute, childish nonsense. It wasn’t as though Sherlock could stay in the south forever anyway; he shrank from the thought.
Time slows for just a moment as John processes what he’s just heard. That whispered word sinks into him and settles itself in his chest, warming and fortifying John to reach up and take Sherlock’s mouth again.
Water…
A shiver travels up Sherlock's spine before he can stop it, fear clenching his stomach. Ice settles in his veins as Moriarty runs cold fingers up his neck to the place where his pulse beats.
Hand still resting over Sherlock, who was now fully hard, John says, “Well, I thought I could try using my fingers. If that’s something that appeals to you. I would only need one.”
Greg gives him a knowing smirk and shoves his hands in his pockets as another biting wind sweeps across the surface of the lake. “It’s too damn late in the day and the season for it to be this cold,” he grumbles.
Next time: Will Sherlock survive and have a happy ending with John, or is this how their story ends?
“It doesn’t feel like a good thing.”
“Entirely,” Sherlock snaps. He then softens at the look of hurt that John can feel on his features.
Sherlock had been doing his best to stay out of everyone’s way, and be as pleasant as humanly possible. Which proved a feat. Some of the servants he’d encountered had revealed themselves to be among the slowest and most painfully dull people he had ever met. It took a frankly indecent amount of restraint not to snap at them, or even to roll his eyes. He was determined to make himself as amenable as he could.
“You have to understand,” John says, “I had nothing. My family was gone, my country was falling apart…” he breaks off, apparently to steel himself. “She left me and I lost hope. It was a moment of weakness, that’s all.”
“You know he’s going to find out sooner or later.”
The door leads to a small lobby divided by a service desk. The recessed florescent lights flicker off bright yellow walls and burn his eyes, illuminating a man in a tattered work shirt behind the desk, feet kicked up on the counter. He shoots out of his chair upon seeing Sherlock.
“I may turn down her offer, I don’t know.”
Sherlock would not see James Moriarty again for nine years. Discouraged by Mycroft from sending more letters than was considered appropriate, well wishes at holidays and the like, Sherlock waited anxiously for each and every reply.
Thunder cracks and the sky lights up as Sherlock grabs the silk in his fists and rips it apart, tiny pearl disks scattering to the floor. John's answering growl makes heat pool in Sherlock's groin and he yanks down hard on John's collar so he can claim his mouth.
Sherlock meets a new ally.
I felt a little sorry for Sherlock here.
he implores,
When Sherlock met James Moriarty he believed the eastern lord's son would be his salvation.
A short, wide man with spectacles clears his throat uncomfortably, “Yes, your majesty, there is one other matter.”
“You run off without informing your big brother and come home bearing the trappings of a faith I outlawed years ago,” his tone is light now and almost sweet, it makes Sherlock's skin crawl. “Shall I have you executed for heresy as well as treason?”
Jim Moriarty is the spitting image of his father, ghostly pale with sable hair slicked back from his small face. But his eyes are very different. Jim’s eyes are not cold and threatening, but rather they hold a measure of mischief in their depths.
They remain there by the window pressed together. The light from the garden lamps glowing gold on their skin. Moments pass as they taste each other with little kisses, fingers twined in hair and sleek silk.
“Have you received and news from Sarah regarding the annulment?” Sherlock asks, wanting to fill the heavy silence.
“Not even your people?”
“Anything.”
Sherlock no longer recalls what happened next.
The next moment that is clear in his mind is crashing through the doors of his brother’s chamber exclaiming that he would not marry James Moriarty.
Sherlock forces his eyes to open just a little. John is bent over him, face wet with tears. John shouldn’t cry.
Something hot and dangerous flared in his chest. He swallowed down the nervous lump in his throat, feeling like a love-sick fool.
John leans up on an elbow and places his palm over Sherlock's racing heart.
“You were a General?” Sherlock knew this was beside the point.
The world fades away and leaves only the sound of his own blood pounding in Sherlock's ears. He draws in a long, slow breath and lifts his head, his shoulders straightening the way he’d seen John do so many times.
Sherlock is small in this memory, no more than nine or ten years old. He is stumbling along the rocky bank of a stream that runs down from the cliffs above. The water is so cold it burns his bare feet, but the shock of it is exhilarating. The dog bounds along nearby, scaring birds out of the sparse shrubs and chasing them back and forth across the creek bed, splashing Sherlock until he is soaked through.
“To lawfully wed me would require written consent from the head of my family,” he states as simply as he can.
“Good night, Sherlock.”
“How long has she been dead?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” he murmurs, “even in my more reckless stages of life I was kept virgin for…” he trailed off, “political reasons.”
John can’t blame them. He’d stumbled upon one just before the winter solstice. A young man of no more than twenty years, most likely. The south has long since done away with the practice of execution, so the boy would only have faced a hefty fine— unlike in the days of King David when being caught hunting on the manor grounds would have meant the noose. But John had let the boy go without ever acknowledging he’d been there at all. How could he punish a person for doing what was necessary to survive in a realm it was his duty to provide for? If the southern population must resort to poaching, that blame rests squarely with him, to hell with whatever Greg had to say about it.
“Sentiments of thanks for services rendered.”
Sherlock doesn’t look back over to the other man, but he knows there’s a look of incredulity on his lined face.
“A little gift for you,” Jim coos, leaning over Sherlock and brushing soft fingers over his twitching lips. “Perhaps I’ll bring more when next I visit.”
his voice is full of barely suppressed malice. “It would seem they made off with more than their share.”
“But why her? After all she put you through.”
Fuck that.
John sits back on Sherlock's thighs and begins to undo the buttons.
He flees that room and its inhabitants by slipping into the tunnels through a door behind a tapestry. When the door has closed, and the noise dampened to a dull murmuring, John collapses against the wall. For long minutes he sits there, pressed to the cold stone, struggling to take in enough air.
Sherlock chewed his lip trying not to jump to conclusions. He paced back and forth across his room, running his fingers through his hair. What if he had been too forward, what is he’d presumed too much? What if his confession had simply frightened John away? And he would be rejected, if gently so, upon the king’s return.
I’m here,” John whispers, kissing along Sherlock's jaw and pulling him as close as they could get.
“You were adults by then,” John says, fists clenching and unclenching in his lap.
This kind of reaction is not uncommon in those who have suffered at the hands of others. i feel so bad for our lovely Sherlock!
John steps carefully around to the sofa and take a seat an arms-length from Sherlock. John can see he is shaking, his breath coming short, tight gasps.
They eat and talk about nothing, feeding each other the odd bite of this or that just for the sake of having their fingers in the others mouth. When they’ve finished with the food, John pulls Sherlock back against the cushions, and Sherlock is so in love he doesn’t know what to do with himself.
“Do you want to?”
Greg makes an indifferent sort of noise, “I don’t have to like you. If the king wants you here, then stay you shall.” Something almost wistful crosses Greg’s face, “I’ve always wished John could be more like his father, less
“He did. At first I was quite taken with him, he was charming and thoughtful. But it didn’t last. I pleaded with my brother to call off the marriage, but he refused. He sent me away as punishment for my selfishness, and it was from my exile that I escaped and found my way to you.”
“He made no secret of it, John. He is a monster, and he takes what he wants. Upon her death, arrangements were made for our wedding. At first I was willing to go along with the whole thing. I have no real objections to the institution, and I hadn’t yet found any major fault with my fiancé. Jim is a highly intelligent man, and not altogether unappealing. Despite his brutal reputation, he had never harmed me the few times I’d interacted with him, and I hoped that once we were married I could go to live on his father’s estate, away from Mycroft.
“Is there anything I can get you, Sherlock?”
For a moment Sherlock can’t draw breath. He lies very still letting John's words wash over him.
John chokes on his own laugh, “No, of course not, how could I?”
“I know.” He cries then.
John receives a letter.
He feels the edge of a dull ache in his chest he hadn’t noticed before. He has become so accustomed to John's presence that being without him, even after so short a time, feels wrong.
“That isn’t— I don’t—” Sherlock makes a sound of frustration and slumps back down to the sofa, shutting his eyes tight. When he speaks again his voice is withdrawn, “I don’t know if I can, I don’t know how. I’ve never…”
“I’m sorry,” John says as he looks up, only to have his voice die in his throat as his eyes meet Sherlock’s. They are within mere inches of each other, so close that John can smell perfumed soap on Sherlock’s skin. The moonlight filtering in through the sheer curtains seems to soften the prince’s sharp face, and it makes his cat’s eyes glitter. A thing of beauty.
Sherlock's eyes are dark with desire, and John feels himself sinking into their depths.
“Go on, love,” she coaxes, “I had my share of experiences before a was married, I won’t faint, I promise.”
“Sherlock,” John says softly and takes his hands. He places kisses on his tight frown until Sherlock's lips curve into a smile.
Sherlock wheels around. “John,” he practically squeaks.
John huffs a laugh, even as— Sherlock observes— he debates with himself about whether or not to have Sherlock locked up for spying.
“First light.”
Sherlock fights his snappish ways in order to be nice to John's staff, probably in hopes it will convince the king to let him stay in the south. And John makes a decision that could put his entire kingdom at risk. Is Sherlock Holmes worth it?
“It’s the end of the month and I’ve already sold most of my stock to others in the area. If you’d come sooner…” he shrugs his shoulders in a teasing sort of way, “I might have had your favorite in.”
John's voice is a croak when he speaks. “They will remain here until we have taken the capitol, these northern nobles will swear their allegiance to whomever will offer them wealth and security; they care not who sits on the throne.”
“What’s happened?”
I've really been amazed and touched by your responses to this work, it means so much, truly. I'd like to keep the chapters about this length on average, but my chapter lengths tend to be pretty inconsistent as a rule. I hope you enjoy!
“No,” he says, attempting to school his features into something unreadable, “nothing, I slept poorly.”
John takes a deep breath and leans back in his swivel chair.
“That’s it, that it, my love. God, you’re gorgeous, so beautiful. Oh, my sweet Sherlock.”
There is no point in delaying the inevitable.
“Good morning, John.”
Coming up, we'll see our boys getting to know each other a little better.
Greg steps forward and pulls John in to an embrace.
“Two dozen, at least.”
The voices grow louder and the crowd begins to mutter, pivoting in their seats to glance back at the entry before the door burst open with a crack and soldiers pour into the chapel.
Mycroft smirks, raising his thin brows. “Neither do you, brother.”
“That he would,” Greg sighs, “right, let’s get him back.”
“Because I don’t have a letter set, and even if I did I couldn’t risk using it. if I use his it will look suspicious if he is receiving letters from his own desk. Why would you know where he will be staying?” Sherlock twists around to lean on his elbow so he can look up at the old woman.
John unfurls the beads, “Have you never seen prayer beads before?”
“Welcome home,” John says, voice tight but otherwise friendly, “we didn’t expect you back so soon.”
Shuffling of feet on plastic sheeting as three officers and a forensic tech vacate the flat’s living room. Sherlock's eyes run up and down the woman’s body, it takes longer than usual for his brain to start cataloging.
John sits slumped in his arm chair, staring absently into the fire, his tea gone cold. He leans forward with his elbows on his knees, his hands twisting absently. Midday has not yet arrived, yet he can already feel weariness creeping up on him.
Sherlock sat very still, afraid any movement might halt the flow of words.
Hours could have passed and John would never have noticed, so focused was his attention. Abruptly the music ends with a shriek across the strings and a pained sound curls out of Sherlock’s throat. John is at his side in an instant, taking the violin from his suddenly shaking hands and depositing it on the piano before turning his attention to Sherlock.
“We’ll bring the horses up this way, and send the rest of that lot on ahead,” Greg explains, and disappears back into the under growth.
He is seated at his writing desk and Greg is standing over him.
Sherlock watches as John sinks back into his chair with a deep sigh. His expression is drawn and sad as he brushes his knuckles over his thin lips. Something heavy clunks in Sherlock’s chest and drives him through the door behind which he has been hiding.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Well, what
Sherlock restrained himself for a full five minutes, watching the little clock on the mantel as the endless seconds ticked by. Later he would not remember standing or reaching the door in three strides. He ignored the servant’s tunnels and hurried through the wing in the direction of the audience chamber, the soles of his leather slippers
He could get more if his brain wasn’t so damn foggy.
“What about?” Sherlock can’t seem to make his voice rise above a hoarse whisper.
John's head snaps up, biting words poised on his tongue.
He steps lightly down from the stool and into his shoes. He is ready.
Thoughts leave him, his body straining against the exhaustion trickling through him thick as tree sap. He feels heavy and sick. With one last push he is up on his knees and working against his rebelling limbs to get his feet under him. There, that was it, like that.
When he had written down everything he deemed relevant, doing his best to avoid extraneous detail as to not confuse whoever read it, he handed the sheet to Mrs. Hudson and kissed her cheek before she bustled out of the room.
He feels both elated and slightly sick at the same time. Its only after a sweet, frenzied minute of kissing John that he realizes he has yet to say anything.
Mrs. Hudson had met him on the front steps, though she had been visibly saddened that they had to part ways, she had done her level best not to weep. The guards that had been gathered to take him to the boarder had been understandably shocked to learn that he, the prince of the north, had been living under their noses for so long. He listened to them speculate amongst themselves like schoolboys during the first leg of their journey, speculating as to why he’d been in the south and why their king has hidden him.
He is hesitant to step back into the chapel. He stalls at the doors which are guarded by two knights in their mourning attire. He feels John's broad hand at the small of his back. He doesn’t say anything, just pushes the door open and guides them through.
Happy Thanksgiving to those who acknowledge it. I don't personally, but i wish you a wonderful day nonetheless.
If just one finger could feel so big in him, Sherlock had to wonder what it would be like to take John into his body properly, a thought that has him writhing on the blanket.
Sherlock tries to speak but words won’t come; neither will his breath.
“When must I leave?” Sherlock asks. He tries to steady his voice, but his words waver and crack anyway.
The woman sitting beside him sighs irritably, “What my lord Stamford means to say is that we would like, once again, to express our concerns about your majesty's decision to allow Prince Sherlock to take shelter in the south; in your house, no less.”
He steps up to the altar and comes face to face with Moriarty, who’s small face is twisted in a sickening self-satisfied grin.
I'm rambling.
“Hey, Sherlock.”
Sherlock draws in slow, deep breaths and wills the tension to leave his body. The discomfort ebbs almost the moment he does, and he sighs as the fullness begins to feel more and more wonderful.
Greg’s face flexes as though he wants to argue.
By the way, we're looking at possibly 25-26 chapters unless i condense/remove things from the outline.
Sherlock seems to stop breathing for a moment before he slowly rotates to fit himself against John and lace his long fingers at the back of John’s neck. Its less of a dance, more a careful, synchronized swaying. John rocks and Sherlock moves with him, losing themselves in the music. Sherlock rests his head against John, and the king feels his every worry leave him. He had not been wrong; he had not misunderstood.
“What will you do?”
He feels as though he is submerged in freezing water. He can hear the roaring of his blood in his ears. He is trembling.
Sherlock finds the stillness of the manor grounds comforting. The grounds of his castle home in the north, as well as his brother’s court, were constantly busy, with residents and staff moving about at all hours. There were few places one could be truly alone. Here, on this comparatively empty property, Sherlock has spent much of the past sixteen days in total isolation— and he has greatly enjoyed it.
With that, the king’s right hand took his leave with a little bow.
“Oh, brother dear, come now. I’ll make you a deal. If you do as I say and marry without a fuss as I have asked, I will spare your paramour’s life.”
But no words will come. His limbs feel heavy and he thinks his head may well be filled with cotton.
Next Time in "The Escape":
“Stay with me, Sherlock, stay with me.”
“They do this for the fun of it,” he bites out. “This woman doesn’t have any personal belongings with her because she was abducted and brought here. Check the lost and found at tube stations, you may find her things. She may have been headed home when she was taken. It rained earlier tonight but her shoes are relatively clean, so she probably didn’t walk her under her own steam, check traffic cameras and CCTV, maybe something will turn up.”
“Until death we do part.”
John feels his heart skip. “Very little, but far more than I’d like to.”
“John, he’s promised to invade if you refuse to return Sherlock to the north!”
Sherlock is dumbfounded and beginning to believe John is having a laugh.
Mycroft’s attention is distracted by something and Sherlock is momentarily relieved until he feels cool fingers slip under the collar of her shirt. He moves to pull away but refrains, knowing if he does, Mycroft’s finger would snap the strand of silver beads through which its hooked.
Upon inspection, box reveals itself to be Mrs. Hudson’s letter set. Sherlock traces the letter’s engraved in the lid,
“May I walk with you?”
“You knew this couldn’t last,” Greg says gently.
They hadn’t bothered clearing up after dinner and had dropped easily into conversation which had lasted nearly four hours, even the ritual of making tea hadn’t interrupted them.
“Yes, I’d heard there was violence when they came around,” John sounds so dejected, helpless.
John takes in a long, quiet breath. “Sherlock, did your parents harm you?”
Instead he grabs John, crashing their mouths together and nodding as best he can without taking his quivering lips from John's.
The cat gets lightly to its feet as John unlocks the door and its slips inside before John has even tucked his key back in his pocket.
“There are specific prayers for different beads, but I’ve never believed that was the most important part.”
“No, they may not.” John was sure to leave absolutely no room for argument. “How badly?”
He closes his hand around himself and strokes gently.
“And when you return,” James continues, massaging his fourth finger, “I will put a ring right here, and you will be mine.”
“Sod off,” John spits, turning on his heel and practically marching back down the stairs.
“It does,” John insisted, “of course it does.” He lifts his head to look into Sherlock's face.
Rage and grief war in Sherlock.
Sherlock is confused.
Sherlock chewed the inside of his lip as he considered.
He recognizes Mary’s thing script.
She strokes his hair and smiles, “I think you understand well what I mean. When I arrived here I was told stories of a wayward prince too selfish for his own good. And perhaps you were selfish, once. But the man I see before me now is willing to do whatever it takes to protect what he loves. You’ve become a true prince at last, Sherlock. It simply took a true king to show you how.”
John looks up.
Straight to the point, then.
“I don’t know,” John replies, voice hoarse.
Mrs. Hudson carries herself with the air of an age passed. She is possessed of all the poise required of a lady in the days of John’s grandfather. Though she herself is not of noble blood, John thinks Martha Hudson holds within her small frame all the grace and wisdom of a queen— or certainly, a queen’s lady.
I never expected this story to have more than maybe one or two explicit sex scenes because i have basically no experience writing them. This was the first time doing it with any kind of seriousness... anyway.
“John,” the voice comes again, more companionably, “sir, we’re ready to move when you are.”
“I think,” Greg says firmly, “that John is a good man who deserves more than a cheap fling with the baby brother of the bastard currently ripping his country apart.”
Sherlock gave John a puzzled look and asked, “You want me to listen in on your talks with foreign diplomats? Me?”
John exhales deeply and straightens himself to sit back against his plush chair. A chill slithers through his veins as the memory of icy eyes flashes before him.
Sherlock is in bed, still fully clothed, when John slips through the door of his apartment. With the evening light that bleeds in through the curtains he can see that Sherlock is stretched out on his side, arm tucked under his head.
The cat stands and stretches itself out to push its’ head against her tiny hand, rubbing its face into her palm and purring loudly. John extends him hand slowly and the cat starts back. He has never been able to convince it to let him touch it.
There had to be something he could do. He retreats into the halls of his mind, combing through possible plans of action.
Sherlock feels a familiar gaze on his back and tears his eyes from John's to see Mycroft looming at the altar, his face like thunder. John pulls Sherlock around to stand behind him, one hand on the small of Sherlock's back, the other on his sword.
While roaming the manor, Sherlock listens in on a conversation between John and a Major Sholto. And John catches a glimpse of Sherlock's potential usefulness. Then they share a strange moment together.
John does, and when their eyes meet he falls over the edge.
(See the end of the chapter for
He reaches over to pull open the little drawer in the bedside table to produce the little pot of oil he stashed there.
“I cannot speak for the rest of this wing,” Sherlock says, “but someone has definitely been tending these instruments, dusting them at least."
Sherlock resolutely does not stand. Slowly, Mycroft strides towards his brother. Though they’re eyes remain locked, Sherlock can still see the cane held gingerly in her brother’s right hand, the foot of it barely touching the ground with every step. He wants to run, to flee, to hide; but there is nowhere to go. Whatever is to come, he cannot run from it, not this time.
It may be animal, and it may not be fresh, but the scent sends a delicious shiver down Sherlock's spine as he peels away the lid. He lifts the cup to his mouth and lets the blood slips between his lips.
The casual way Sherlock said this unnerved John.
There is a long silence wherein Sherlock relishes the solidity of John’s presence as he attempts to calm his racing heart.
He breathes slowly, eye shut tight.
John's heart sinks. “It’s alright, honestly, it’s all fine. I just don’t know what you’re comfortable with.”
“Right then, I’ll bring it by this evening. Good day, your highness.”
“That’s my final decision.”
Next time: We'll learn how it all ends.
John slips an arm around his waist and pulls Sherlock onto his lap. He wraps his arms around John's shoulders and holds on as their bodies rock in unison. Panting into each other’s mouths, their moans and gentle words fill the sweetly-scented air around them.
Sherlock does not have a chance to enjoy the relief he feels before a well-polished boot comes down hard on his abdomen and he cries out. A broad hand clamps over his mouth as Moriarty’s the toe of Moriarty’s boot connects with is ribs again and again.
A long, slow inhale. “Yes.”
“John,” Sherlock breathes as he is pressed back against the wall. John laves open mouthed kisses along the column of his throat, firm hands skimming over Sherlock’s body.
He stares, incredulous, dumbstruck, unwilling to believe his ears.
“You said the storm passed,” Sherlock said, voice thick, “I’m not sure it has.”
“I don’t believe he’s broken anything,” she murmurs, voice echoing in the hollow chamber.
“If you truly wish to set my mind at ease, tell me what happened.”
“There now,” John murmurs, tucking the prince’s curly head beneath his chin, “it’s alright, easy.”
“Not much, no.”
So Sherlock waited eagerly for John to come and occupy his nights with anecdotes and closeness. On one particularly memorable night they had taken turns telling tales of their childhood adventures. Sherlock told of learning to climb the jagged cliff walls surrounding his family’s ancestral home and how the vista provided an impressive view of the canyons below. And John relayed tales of tearing through the lush country side on horseback, racing his sister over hills and through the forests, their horse’s hooves pounding as fast and furiously as their hearts. When one found himself drifting away on the sadness of either a childhood lost or a childhood never truly experienced, the other would mouth at their neck and shoulders until they were breathless, flushed, and laughing.
Sherlock knows that there is no happiness waiting for him in the north, John must know this as well as he does not ask Sherlock to promise to be happy without him, only to live.
“What about?” Sherlock tries to keep his voice light even as his arms cross defensively.
“What will you do, your majesty?”
Sherlock does not respond, only fixes her with as icy a glare as he can muster.
Moriarty makes a noise of agreement and carefully gets to his feet.
“Then I now pronounce you man and husband.”
He sits at a small vanity table by the window, pulling carful fingers through freshly washed curls when the chamber door opens and James Moriarty strides in.
