When John turned on the game and Sammy went to go read his new books in the sanctity of his room, Dean waded through the sea of wrapping paper, pulled on his boots, and plunged out into the freezing yard. He dashed across to Cas' house, shivering without a coat, and rapped on the door. The hanging wreath swung as the door was thrown open and Dean was temporarily stunned by the most horrifically garish Christmas sweater he'd ever seen. Bright red, the kind with blinking Christmas lights embedded in a crude cartoon of Rudolph.
'Nothing.' Dean smiled. Cas smiled back, unguarded, open like a favorite book, and closed his eyes, tipped his forehead to press against the side of Dean's face. The two boys lay just like that – warm, intertwined, bared completely – as the last reflected light faded and darkness tiptoed in. Dean was so happy to have his arms and his heart full of Cas that he didn't even think about light.
. Then she turned to Dean, who was still looking far too pleased with himself. 'How much do I owe you, Dean?'
Anna looked determined. 'That's reason enough! Technically it counts as studying. Okay!' She clapped. 'Come on, you're going to get your fortune told. I'll spot you the 20 bucks just to see the look on your face.'
'Can't say that I do.' The night air streams past the car, the sidewalks and streetlights and buildings fading in the darkness.
When it was time for Cas to go home, Dean really didn't want him to go, even though he knew it was only next door. He opened his mouth and waited for his feelings to arrange themselves into English words in an understandable order, but they didn't. They swirled around him in colors and shapes and foam-textured anxiety, so he closed his mouth and settled for watching as Cas put his shoes on and tied them. Then Cas said, 'You can come over to my house next time if you want. All my toys are still in the box but there's a tire swing in the backyard. My mom says it's safe.'
There was a renewed peal of laughter from the doorway and Sam clutched at his ribs. Thinking of Cas reading Cosmo was like imagining Genghis Khan at a tea party. Dean wasn't sure if Cas was even capable of embarrassment, but he didn't want to risk offending him, so he swallowed his laughter. 'Cas, what's going on with you? With the bear and the Snickers and saying weird stuff?'
The Impala growls as they pull in to stop for gas. Sam takes out his earbuds and stretches, yawning. As quietly as possible, Dean reaches back with a huge grin and sticks his finger into Sam's open mouth. Cas stares. Sam's mouth closes around Dean's index finger and he yelps, sputtering. Dean laughs. It makes Cas smile. He'll never get used to the way his lips twitch up as if someone has rigged them to his emotions with wires.
'Whoa, hey, breathe. We have a few in the back storeroom.' Castiel breathes a sigh of relief and Dean tries hard not to smile. 'Come on, I'll show you.' Dean leads Cas past the walk in, which is slightly ajar, as usual. Dean can hear someone clattering around at the back. He turns his attention back to Castiel, who's looking around like he's trying to memorize the place. 'These face cloths are the older ones; they're a little smaller, but they do in a pinch. They shipped them back here when the new ones came in.'
'It's great. Though many of the people in my dorm have tragically fallen victim to a series of holiday-themed pranks.' Gabriel sighed dramatically, fooling no one.
'No, you didn't. Come in if you want, it's almost done cooling.' Cas walks in and sits down on a footstool. He watches Dean from the floor. Dean picks up the bowl, resisting the urge to wipe his face again.
Dean drives to work with the windows down, the breeze ruffling his hair and clothes, one arm extended out the window. It feels good to have someone to look after again. Jo isn't Sam, but it still feels good. In fact, Dean could say that Jo is more like brother and Sam more like a sister. Dean snickers, imagining what Sam would say to that. Probably huff and give Dean bitchface #6 (Knock It Off, Asshole), or harp on about modern gender roles. All in all, Dean feels incredibly happy when he pulls up to work. He feels useful again, and that night with Cas keeps replaying in the back of his mind. He walks in with a spring in his step, and all day, his movements in the kitchen (lifting, turning, walking, kneading) feel like a dance.
'Hello?' Anna called out. The sound of running water echoed down the hall and a door opened, disgorging a tall man who was drying his hands on a towel.
Inias was already there, sipping what Castiel assumed was coffee from a glass thermos. He smiled at Castiel in greeting.
Cas smiles. 'That should have tipped me off, if nothing else did. You'd want to go for someone with a more honest name.'
Cold morning light streamed in through Sam's window. As soon as he opened his eyes, he felt wide awake with excitement. He threw back the covers, barely shivering in the draft, and bounced out of bed. He threw his door open and nearly tripped on a bulging stocking right outside, the one his mom had made him with his name stitched on the front. Sam's first thought was that Dad must have come home in the night. He raced to his dad's room, where he was brought up short by an empty, made bed. His brow furrowed in confusion. Maybe dad left again early this morning. That sometimes happened, but he usually came in and woke Sam up with a whiskery (often-boozy) kiss on the forehead. Sam shrugged and ran to Dean's room, narrowly avoiding crushing Dean's stocking. He burst through the door and launched himself at Dean's bed.
No further comment. Ooookay then. Dean puts down his bag of flour and wipes his hands on his apron. 'Come on, the stuff you'll need is over here.' He leads Castiel around the counters, past Jo washing berries and Kevin already starting on the shortcrust. The smell of pie is in the air, it's Dean's favourite menu. Life is good. He turns around to ask Castiel some kind of boring small-talk question and Castiel flinches.
Dean does a double take. Usually new maids – sorry – room attendants – are chipper and bright-eyed. Dean's used to smiling women in their mid-twenties armed with confidence and a no-nonsense attitude, but this guy...he looks like he's afraid of his own shadow. Naomi keeps talking, but Dean isn't really listening, he's busy looking Castiel up and down curiously. He's not bad looking. In fact, if he wasn't shrinking in on himself, he'd be gorgeous, with that black bedhead hair. Castiel shoots Dean a nervous glance and Dean is momentarily incapacitated by a shock of bright blue. Why does it suddenly seem so quiet? And why is Naomi giving him such a weird look?
'...and that's Sammy, and that's the tree from the front yard, you know the one my dad won't let us climb? And that's my mom the way she used to be.'
When dad eventually came to get Sam, everyone was sad to see him go. They gave him a lot of food in containers and big hugs.
Sam heaved himself up. “I'm going to take him for a quick walk. Get to know the neighbourhood a little.”
“Attaboy. Let me know when you do. In the meantime... I've got a lunch date with some French toast. You want in?”
Dean relaxes a little and looks to the nurse for reassurance. The nurse smiles and nods. “Yes, he'll be just fine. A couple days of bed rest and a week or so without exertion and you'll be right as rain, Mr. Winchester.” He leaves the room.
'Oh.' A man. Dean's heart leaps and stutters. He had wondered about Cas. It was a relief to know, but his happiness is short-lived. The look on Cas' face is like hurricane shutters, locked basements, acrid fear. 'That bad?'
Blood hits Cas' face and his lungs blow up as suddenly as they seized. His body convulses up in a desperate grapple for air as the werewolf falls forward, eyes lifeless.
As soon as Dean relaxed in the cookie-scented warmth, Cas emerged from the end of the hall wearing a sweater to rival Gabe's. Dean tried as hard as he could not to laugh.
Dean leaves Jo standing slit-eyed and hunchbacked over the coffeepot to brush his teeth, and she's dressed and caffeinated by the time he gets back.
Dean was already reaching for the 'end call' button as Cas said, 'I will.' Then, almost as an afterthought, 'Dean, you are a remarkable man and a very competent hunter.' He hung up.
His siblings, Hannah especially, always told him he should get out and date more, but Castiel hated dating. It was invariably an awkward fumble through small talk and probing questions that felt more like being quizzed in school than connecting with another person. It made him feel anxious, exposed, and uncomfortable. Gabe's advice was to just relax and be himself, but Castiel couldn't find the words to explain to Gabe, a natural extrovert, how impossible that was. Besides, Castiel thought, wasn't hating the thought of dating a perfect example of being himself? He could either be himself or he could be charming and talkative – the two were mutually exclusive.
shorts. He doesn't laugh like he usually does, but it keeps him from thinking too much. As the room gets darker, he gets up to turn on the lights, but he's pulled up short by a knock. Confused, Dean opens the front door to find Cas and Jo on the doorstep with grocery bags.
Dean is acutely conscious of Cas' presence in the kitchen for the next few hours. He and Kevin and, eventually, Chuck, bringing news of Jo's welfare, are busy and working hard to finish the main courses, then to get all the dishes clean. When Dean finally has a spare moment, he glances around for Cas, and doesn't see him. He assumes Cas went back to 160 to finish his shift or clock out. Lucky him. It's another couple of hours before everyone in the kitchen is finished, before the place begins to shut down, and Dean is left alone in the middle of a half-dark room.
Every place has secrets, of course, but the most fascinating and powerful secrets of Birch Ridge were not kept by its people. The town kept its own secrets like buried childhood toys. When someone stumbled into one, as they did on occasion, they, like their parents and grandparents before them, learned to look the other way. They shrugged and accepted it as 'just another one of those things' and continued living their lives secure in the knowledge that sometimes it's best to leave strange enough alone.
For the next week or so, Cas seems to be avoiding Dean. He won't meet Dean's eyes, and he comes in late to lunch and sits away from Dean, Jo, Chuck, and Kevin. Dean's puzzled, and something inside him feels sore and bruised, but he doesn't like to think about it. He doesn't pursue Cas, or bother him. He's not one to force his company on people who don't want it. He throws himself into taking care of Jo for a few days, but when Ellen returns and Jo goes home, Dean has nothing to focus on. He goes for long walks at night, alone in the dark and clear air, trying to shake off his frustration and disappointment. He calls Sam a couple times just to check up on him, he organizes a visit to Bobby's, he goes grocery shopping, he goes to work, he cleans his place, he looks up small business loans and how to write a business plan and none of it means anything. Exactly what is he doing it all
'I already went. Anna's back too! She's better, I think, better than she was last time she came back.'
John let out an amiable laugh. 'Easy for you to say, Ellen, you don't have to fix everything Dean breaks while he's pretending to be a repairman with his toolkit.' John knelt down. 'Hello, sweetheart,' he said to Jo, who hid behind her mother's legs, grinning shyly. 'And who's this?' John looked up expectantly at Ellen and Bobby.
Inias shrugged and lowered his voice. “But she won't give up. Besides, wouldn't your tea be a good business to have on the side?”
So Dean drives her back to his house, sets her up on the couch with blankets, DVDs, one of those hot pad things for her leg, and snacks, and heads back out to work once Jo has assured him for the hundredth time that yes, she has everything she needs.
When he reached his own house it was dark and he was tipsy. He paused, then kept walking until he stood at Cas' door. He didn't knock, not wanting to deal with someone who wasn't Cas. Instead he touched the wall next to the door. It was rough beneath his hands. He walked around the house to the back, trailing his hand along the uneven surface the whole way. The light in Cas' shed was on, so Dean stumbled toward it. No, he wasn't drunk, it was dark, okay? For the second time that night, he stood outside a bright window and stared inside.
Cas' heart inexplicably plummets. He is dizzy and sickly sad all at once. Sam leaves the room pointedly, with a face that looks purposefully blank. Dean looks up and catches Cas' eye. Surprise registers on his face. Cas feels the need to escape pressing in on him. It feels the way it used to feel when he could hear a cacophany of other angels' voices all clamouring in his head. “Ah.”
The cabin, usually steeped in shadows, was awash with light, excepting the children's room. Castiel, awake and fearful, wasn't calmed by the sounds of his sleeping sibling and the other children curled up on mats around the room. The flickering light coming in under the door was almost aggressive in its brightness, and the deep adult voices rising and falling with alarming energy were overwhelming his senses. Pavlovian adrenaline popped in his veins.
Sam rubbed his coat like he was trying to remove a stain and didn't look at Dean. 'Dad's not coming, is he?'
Dean was trying not to think about Cas. He was trying not to think about the texture of Cas' hair. He was trying not to think of the freckle just beneath Cas' collarbone. He was trying not to think about Cas' scent – an indefinable hot-skin laundry-detergent musky tangled-hair smell that'd been worn into half of Dean's pillowcases by then. All evening on Thanksgiving, as John drank steadily and the TV filled the house with tinny artificial noise, Dean thought about not thinking about Cas, which just escalated into frustration until John was passed out on the couch and Dean was grinding his teeth and attempting to use laser vision to see through the walls in order to know what Cas was doing.
Sam and Jess played tic-tac-toe with their fingertips on the leather seats for five minutes until Dean and Cas came back with Benny in tow. Dean laughed at something Benny said and Benny flung his arms over Dean's and Cas' shoulders.
'Anything, as long as it gets me out of cleaning this fridge. Remember Meg, who used to work here? Brought all that fruit for lunch?'
Cas handed Sam a tin of Christmas cookies, some chocolate oranges, and a bag of powdery mints. 'I brought some Christmas-y food over. We had way too much. I thought maybe I could spend today with you guys, if that's okay.'
'Fine.' She turns to Castiel. 'When you get back, go to 160, see if any of the newer girls need help.' Castiel nods, and leaves with Dean. Dean motions for him to follow with his elbow, and when they're far enough away, he exhales.
Crowley grinned wolfishly. 'I like it. His dad the big hot-shot writer. Taking them down a peg wouldn't hurt.'
He opened his eyes when Dean pushed on his hip a little to get him to lie on his back. His pupils huge and liquid black, like tunnels under the earth. Dean marveled with his hands and his mouth. He kissed the warm skin of Cas' hips, stroked the downy expanse of his sides, below his ribs. Cas arched up beneath him, biting his lower lip. Dean moved up to curl over Cas and kiss him. He popped the button of Cas' jeans and slid them down a little as Cas raised his hips.
Dean picked up the box, neck still sore and red. 'Alright, Picasso, just help me think of a place to ditch the dynamite. Unless you want it.'
Cas raises his head and sees Dean in the doorway, and surprise registers on his face. Hester looks around. Cas looks so miserable that Dean doesn't even think about it.
'Sorry.' Dean says again, and tilts his head. There's an awkward silence. He doesn't know what to say. Fuck it. He's never been one for beating around the bush. Sam calls him tactless. 'You been avoiding me, Cas?'
Dean clears his throat. 'Yeah. Yeah, that's them. Go for the ones underneath, the top ones are a little dusty.'
“C'mon, for real.” Sam backed around the corner of the door and nearly fell over an excited Bones running back and forth behind him. Despite this, they managed to get the mattress into the room.
They reached Dean's house and walked to his backyard, where Crowley and Bela waited with the box while Dean climbed the fence into Cas' mom's garden. Dean's heart was pounding and his palms were sweaty as he took the box from Bela.
When he reached the meeting place, Crowley and Bela were just pulling up, tailpipe spewing black smoke. If Dean had told her to check the air filter and fuel return line once, he'd told her a thousand times. That was Bela and her posse all over for you though; completely reckless. Simultaneously self-destructive and self-absorbed. It was a kind of statement: if you were the most important thing to yourself, destroying yourself was about as badass as you could be. Dean shoved his hands into his pockets and scowled as they pulled in and got out of the car, slamming the doors.
'Dean, I think we should do that with all the leftovers. Those men were very pleased.' They're sitting in the hotel parking lot next to Cas' car and Dean is trying to focus and not to lose himself in thoughts of exactly what Cas' lips might taste like. He clears his throat. 'Sure, it's a date.' Cas looks away. Dean feels like a complete idiot. 'I didn't mean – Obviously, I don't want to – Unless you? Want to? I mean,' Dean rubs his face and bites the bullet. 'Do you want to come over for a drink? Or get coffee sometime?' What on earth is he even talking about? He hasn't been this nervous asking someone out since Rhonda Hurley, and that was when he was barely legal. He feels like he's walking a tightrope over a shark pit. Everything is tenuous, precarious, and he's having a hard time remembering to breathe. He glances over at Cas, whose face is drawn.
'So.' Crowley flicked ash to the grass. 'Judging by the mincemeat she's made of your neck, I'd say we can expect an announcement from you and Bela any day now.'
Dean calls in that favour from Naomi and goes home after lunch. He claims sickness, and he must still look awful because Naomi takes a step or two back and says, 'If you must. Let me know tonight if you think you won't be able to work tomorrow.' Dean agrees, privately thinking that he'd rather eat dirt than stay home alone in the silence of an empty house for longer than he has to.
But while Benny understood Dean's confusion, only Cas really understood Dean's loneliness. Dean's life at Sonny's was so remote and distant from Dean's life with Sam and their dad that the two parts of Dean might as well have been on separate planets. Dean felt as isolated from his family as Cas felt from his. Anna, after a brief time at home, was in Larned State again, Gabriel was busy preparing to leave for college, and Cas had never been that close to Michael.
Dean leaves early the next morning. Sam gets up to drive him to the airport, yawning and, thankfully, not playing any music. When they get there, Dean pulls his bag out of the backseat and turns to give Sam a hug.
'Hi,' Dean smiles. 'I was just thinking. If you wanted, I could have a word with Naomi, and try to get her to reassign you to one of the other attendants. One that doesn't resemble a dictator. She owes me one for working all those last-minute double shifts.'
“Look ma, we made it,” Jimmy said	quietly. One side of his mouth quirked up in a bittersweet half-smile.
Bela shrugged. 'Crowley's sister's? Who cares?' She pulled a condom out of her pocket and walked towards him, stripping off layers as she came, until she stood in front of him in her underwear. 'Well? We don't have all night. Take 'em off.'
'Wasabia Japonica is a plant that needs very specific conditions to grow. It only thrives in certain areas, the most common of which are mountainous streams or rivers in Japan.'
Sam took her hand and pulled her over to the fence that separated the back yard from the front. 'I thought I heard – '
Castiel thought, and an unwanted image of his brother twisted in pain came to his mind. That was the day Castiel burned the house down, with most of the adults in it.
The third greenhouse was for the pets. This was the greenhouse that housed sick plants, orchids, plants that Castiel took cuttings from to give as gifts, strange plants from other climates that needed specialist attention, and several amateur bonsai trees that Castiel was trying his hand at. His favourite so far was a Scots pine that was a deliberate twist of dead wood and living tree. Stripes of softened light fell across the workbench and Castiel ran his hand along the small curled trunk of the pine, combing his fingers gently through the needles. If he stayed absolutely silent and focused only on the tree, he could almost feel the bark humming at specific pitches.
Dean steps into Cas' space. 'So what kind of congratulations-you-didn't-kill-anyone present are you going to give me?'
'Yeah. Anyway, I'm going to run this tray out really quickly, then I'll come back for the mains, you finish the eclairs. Do not overcook them or Naomi will have my head.'
His hand was grasped in a warm calloused palm for a second or two, and Cas drowned silently in that smile. 'I'm Dean.' Dean. 'Nice to meet you, Castiel.'
Dean clenched his jaw. 'Hey, I never said I wouldn't do it.' He tried not to stare at Cas. He thought of the phone at home. The silent, waiting phone. Cas hadn't called. The whole time he was gone he hadn't called once.
A loud noise and blinding pain. Dean doubled over, holding his face. 'Ah, fuck! Fuck, that hurt. Aaaah.' His face felt like it was throbbing red against the cold night air.
Dean smirks and picks up his sandwich. 'Yeah, totally. Who wouldn't want to earn their callouses scrubbing taps?'
It was only later that night that he remembered Jess' Valentine. He smiled to himself and got out of bed to open it. It was a handmade pop-up booklet. Jess had cut out little wedges of card, folded them, and glued anatomically-correct human hearts onto them so that when Sam opened the pages, the hearts unfolded. Each one had a word written on it. 'Happy Valentine's Day, Sam. It will all work out. Love, Jess.' Sam felt like he was glowing.
They started walking toward the door. Cas looked back at Dean. 'I'll pay you back with dinner. Seven, right?'
Cas left the Christmas card from his family on the table next to the ones from Bobby and Ellen and a few of John's work buddies and they retreated to Dean's room, closing the door behind them. They didn't turn on the lights. The room was lit by streetlights and the brightness of the snow outside. Fat flakes started falling, patting against the window almost inaudibly. Dean heard Cas sigh happily, and the two of them flumped down wordlessly on Dean's bed, twisting to face one another. Dean threw an arm over Cas, mostly to obscure his view of the sweater. Cas wriggled around a bit to get comfortable.
Cas touched Dean's shoulder. 'Dean, are you okay? Shit, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hit you so hard. Tell me you're okay.'
'No, I heard you, but what? I mean – what do you make? How does one...become a glassblower, exactly?'
Bobby would leave the room and close the door, but sometimes Sam could still hear what he said. The volume of his voice dipped up and down like he was trying not to shout.
Dean looks into the room. Cas is standing with his head down in front of an exasperated Hester holding a rolled-up face cloth.
'Because the cover said 'The Hunt: How to Get Your Man' and I thought it might be helpful advice for hunting. It was not what I expected.' Dean dropped his head into his hands and stifled a groan. He couldn't believe they were having this conversation. 'It was still very educational.'
'In his own way. Maybe too honest. There are some things parents shouldn't put on their kids. I kinda wish he'd lied more.'
'For God's sake, Castiel, don't do that. It takes too long. Look, it's simple. You fold it in half, you fold it again, then one, two, three rolls and you're done. You should know this by now.'
'You don't know Dean. He won't come around unless you force him. I just hoped that...that Dean would go back to normal once Cas was here again.'
'I should go help Kevin. Jo really was injured.' Dean makes a mental note to call Chuck in twenty minutes to check on her. 'You don't have rooms to yourself yet, right? You're still shadowing?'
'So why am I holding this then?' Dean stared at the plant - its small shiny leaves, its unapologetically colorful flowers, the black-as-tar dirt it was potted in – then back at Cas.
Dean looks at his arms. NOT YOUR FAULT. ACCIDENTS HAPPEN. He looks up at Cas. Cas, who just saw Dean having a complete full-on out-of-control panic attack. Cas, who just saw a version of Dean that is not Dean. Cas, who is rearing back to hit him again.
Sam looked up from saving his book and did a double-take. 'Uh, Cas? What is that?' Cas opened his mouth to answer.
K so I know that that time Sam went to that girl's house for Thanksgiving referenced in Dark Side of the Moon took place in 1994, but I had to change the year (and girl) for plot reasons. I like to think that things would've developed differently if Sam and Dean hadn't become hunters and if Sam had grown up knowing Jess.
'I couldn't do that, in all good conscience, Dean.' Dean's heart sinks and he has no idea how to salvage this. 'I don't know Jo very well, but she seems like a nice person, and I think she deserves better.'
He and Jess walked to lunch together and met up with Brady, Becky, Zach, and the new girl, Sarah. They were just sitting down at their usual table when they heard the alarm in the distance. Everyone stopped and looked around, as if the source was just out of sight.
Dean cast a guilty glance at Cas' house. The lights were still all off despite the occasion. Dean guessed that the whole family was at the park to watch the fireworks, which surprised him, given Cas' hatred of crowds and family outings. Then again, Dean thought bitterly, what did he know? Cas might be completely different now. He might be absolutely thrilled at the thought of watching fireworks in the park with his dysfunctional family unit. Little did they know they could've just stayed home. The windows were dark. Dean could see his own pale face reflected back at him in the living room window as he walked down to the street and turned away. He was meeting Crowley and Bela about half a block away just to be sure none of the nearby neighbors saw Bela's license plate, then they were all coming back to Dean's.
Anna stood up. 'Well, are you a changed man? Did Dean blow your mind?' Dean stuffed his hands in his pockets and shuffled his feet. Cas tried desperately to keep a straight face and failed. 'You could say that.' He caught Dean's eye and they both bit their lips and looked away quickly. Cas felt about two seconds away from more uncontrollable laughter. Anna glanced between the two of them, her sister-sense tingling. She shot Cas a look that clearly said
Dean hmms and goes back to staring at his coffee. Cas goes to his room. Hunger gnaws at him but he doesn't want to go back out and face Dean. Which doesn't make sense, because Dean almost always makes him feel better. Even when Dean rebukes him, is angry with him, punishes him with silence – Cas knows that he usually deserves it and the acid bite of Dean's anger somehow dissolves his guilt and regret. It's easier to focus on the sting of Dean's disapproval than it is to focus on his internal voice, or the world crashing down around him for the millionth time. But this time Dean isn't angry with him. Cas hasn't made any colossal mistakes, no biblical lapses in judgement. The hurt isn't bitter; it's bruising, sourceless, reasonless. He's confused. He focuses on his hunger and uses it to dislodge the image of a naked, gasping Dean on top of a naked, gasping woman from his mind.
As Sam was walking out the door, Dean grabbed the loop on Sam's backpack and literally pulled him up short.
Cas sighs and starts the car. 'I ignored his advice. And my parents' advice. Which he resented. Resents. I should have listened to them, they were right. But you know what it's like when you're young and stupid.'
John smiled and started pulling containers out from the fridge. 'Dean, where did all this food come from? There's practically an entire Christmas dinner in here.'
Dean felt all the blood drain from his face and then rush back. He was beet red, he could tell. He glanced reflexively at Sam, who was hiccuping now.
And then, before Cas can move, Sam stomps around the corner and nearly falls over him. Sam looks like a prey animal frozen in shock. His eyes are wider than Cas has ever seen them. “Cas. Cas, I – ”
'Hey, Cas, listen.' Castiel starts and meets Dean's eyes for the third time. Dean suppresses the feeling of awkward over-friendliness and opens his mouth to continue before realizing he has no idea what to say. 'Uh...just...let me know if you need anything. Anything at all. I remember wishing someone had said that to me on my first day.' He smiles at Cas and turns around to go find Chuck and realizes. That. He. Just. Called. A complete stranger. A. Nickname. Just keep walking, Dean.
When they broke apart and Cas lowered his arm from Dean's neck and looked at him warily, they were both breathing hard. Dean's brain clicked on again and overloaded. Dean's first instinct was to run, and he half did, making a weird movement toward the door, but Cas grabbed his arm.
Dean, amused, got the distinct feeling that he and Sam were being set up on some sort of play date with a grown-ass man. After Hyun-Sook was gone, he and Sam spent the rest of the morning and part of the afternoon hauling the contents of the trailer inside. Of course Sam had brought every single one of his health food cookbooks, and stacked them all right in the middle of the kitchen counter. As the two of them were moving Dean's memory foam mattress in, Sam huffed, “So what do you think?”
Three days later, Cas was in the kitchen attempting to make breakfast when Dean walked in, yawning. 'What's cookin' good-lookin'?'
John eventually caved under the weight of Sam's enthusiasm, eased along by Sam's willingness to write down Jessica's address and home phone number. When Sam told Dean, Dean smiled and told him to leave enough food for the rest of Jess' family. Knowing Dean's fondness for whatever togetherness could be salvaged for family occasions and holidays, Sam was glad he wasn't upset.
Dean nods and swallows his laughter as best he can. 'Yes. Sorry, yes. Do you – Do you want it?' He sees Cas trying to calm himself down.
The first greenhouse was for seedlings. Trays upon trays of seeds, bags of compost, peat, perlite, lime, calcium, rocks. Soaked husks cracking open, tiny roots emerging and drinking, the first signs of sprouts peeking over the tops of the trays. Toward the far end – pots. Rows of new homes spreading out like a tiny leafy suburb.
When they eventually make it to the shelter, it's – just their luck – closed. They put the pallet down when Dean gives in and starts laughing. Cas clenches his jaw and thumps the door. 'I can't believe it. And if I hadn't gotten us lost, we might have made it on time. I apologize.'
The diner is crowded, noisy, sticky. The sun punches its way through the window and delineates patches of heat on their table. Children shriek and gallop between the booths but Cas, Sam, and Dean don't speak. Cas is certain that the brothers are thinking of her too – he has seen Dean's dreams and he knows that Dean never forgets the ones they couldn't save. Sam is picking at an omelette with mushy chunks of unidentifiable vegetables in it and scrolling through his phone. Dean is meticulously spooning cream onto a slice of pie. He drips a small blob of cream onto each bite. Cas sips a coffee grey with milk and rests his hand in a splotch of sunshine. The warmth feels like another hand on top of his own. He feels guilty for enjoying it and moves his hand back into his empty lap. Dean's eyes look shinier than usual as he finishes his pie. Cas knocks his knee against Dean's accidentally-on-purpose. Dean moves away. The coffee curdles in Cas' stomach.
'Touched a nerve, I see.' She was really angry now. She leaned into Dean's face. 'Always thought you two were queer.'
When Dean returns with aspirin, Sam is sitting on the folded up sofa bed watching 'The Defender.' There's a console on the floor and also 'Lone Wolf  McQuade' on DVD. Dean takes two aspirin and opens a bag of licorice. And so it begins. For the rest of the day they watch movies, play video games, and argue good-naturedly about different characters. Dean cooks them dinner in the evening, and falls asleep easily.
“Hey Cas. What's that?” Dean leans over to see into the box and water from his hair drips onto Cas' hands. "Nice. What are they for?”
'Uh.' Sam checked the newspaper. 'This doesn't say. But we can hack into the police reports online.'
Dean was taken aback. Was he happy about it? He was glad to see his dad, but underneath that he just felt kind of empty and sad.
'You're crazy.' Dean sat up and rubbed his eyes. Sam could see him struggling not to be grumpy, and because it was Christmas morning and Sam was hyper, that seemed pretty funny. 'Merry Christmas, Sammy.'
The town of Birch Ridge contained many things that made it a town just like any other. It had houses, shops, schools, restaurants, churches, and a town hall. It was also full of things that set it apart from other towns. For one thing, it was founded around a single tree. The story of its founding had been told and retold by its inhabitants until it took on the tone of legend. No one was quite sure how much of it was real, but that didn't seem to matter. The exalted fiction of it all was more true to the town than a historical record could ever be. The story, give or take a few details, went like this: The founders of Birch Ridge, before they were the founders of Birch Ridge, wandered inland - a ragged group of aching legs and half-empty bellies. When they reached the huge birch standing alone in a clearing someone sighed and sat down. Here, they decided. Here will do. It feels peaceful and we are tired. The spiders spun quiet webs, undisturbed. The trees stretched slowly upward. The air was clear, the leaves fell as if gravity was a choice rather than a rule. Now, though they didn't yet know it, they were founders. Their exhaustion made it easier to accept the strange atmosphere. They lit a fire with twigs and smouldering damp logs and ate sitting in the grass. When one of the women went into labour within several hours of their arrival and gave birth to a beautiful baby speckled like a heifer, they put it down to the effects of hawthorn or traveling too late in pregnancy. His large mournful eyes were open to the sky. Blood on the grass. The softness of new skin. The people had made up their minds and, despite the oddities, felt at home. They stayed.
Cas remembers to look away from Dean's mouth eventually and is glad that Sam's eyes are closed. The beer tastes bitter and prickly. It makes him wince but the metallic after-taste feels like a gift on his tongue. It's always better when Dean hands it to him.
Dean sat down on the bed, his brain still trying to wrap itself around 'romantic interest.' He was roiling with embarrassment and had absolutely no idea what to do in this situation but Cas was obviously sincere and Dean felt sort of responsible when it came to Cas' haplessness about being human. Dean would be damned if he let Cas down. He wouldn't let his discomfort make Cas uncomfortable. He took a deep breath. Where to even start? First (and easiest) things first.
'So anyway, he lays the cards out in a sort of cross shape? And one line is your past, then there's your more recent past, then the future, then...um....'
'Thanks,' Dean says, his voice husky. He clears his throat and takes the glass, his fingers brushing Cas'.
“What is it today?” Castiel asked. Inias never drank the same coffee twice in a row. Castiel supposed it came with the territory of being just out of high school and still finding yourself.
Dean felt Cas' presence eating into him like acid. His skin itched. He wanted nothing more than to run next door and throw himself at Cas, apologize, beg him to be friends again. The very thought made his stomach churn. How desperate and pathetic was that? Dean would not be the first one to try to mend that bridge. He had his pride. Cas was the one who had walked out on them. Walked out on Dean. He didn't go to the diner. Instead, he walked to Crowley's to find Bela. He knew she could drive the image of Cas' retreating back from his head.
Bela ground against Dean, who tried hard to forget about Cas' expression in the photo he'd tried to rip up and throw out. Which he hadn't been able to bring himself to do. Bela's lips were hard and smooth on his. Demanding, bossy. He wished for a moment that they were chapped and hesitant instead. Goddammit. He threw himself into kissing her back but knew he was soft in his jeans, even when he slipped his hand up her shirt and underneath her bra, dislodging the stolen bills, even with her hot breath against his neck. She ran her hands down to his pants and discovered soft, pliant warmth.
“Good morning, you picky photosynthesising parasites.” He scanned the roots for mould or mites and leaned over the one with yellow blooms dusted with pink spots, which had several still-closed buds at the end of its stem. 'How are you feeling today?' He blew on its leaves affectionately and a cloud of cinnamon exploded into the air and went up his nose. He hastily withdrew, sneezing and rubbing his eyes. He knew it was what his sister Hannah would call 'new-agey' to use cinnamon on orchids, but it worked so much better than anti-fungal spray and it made his room smell like a bakery. Which was a change, because the rest of the house smelled like moss and earth and old books.
Dean drives home from the airport, reveling in the feeling of being back in his own car. He pats the dashboard. 'That hatchback didn't mean anything, baby.' He puts in a cassette (yes, he still uses cassettes, so sue him) and turns the volume up, relaxing into the sounds of his own familiar music. The late afternoon sun streams in through the windows, slanting across the air in the car, making Dean feel peaceful and safe, light flickering through the trees on either side of the road. When Dean drives, all of his thoughts blow out the back windows and he doesn't need to think, doesn't need to feel anything, he just needs to exist. All he has to do is steer. He sees his father's face in every passing car.
While Sam was gone, the afternoon stretched closer and closer toward evening. Dean put some of Sam's weird green dog treats into the rubbery ball with holes that Sam said was “important for Bones' mental stimulation” and rolled it into the living room to keep Bones out of his way. Back in his room, he slid the scissors through the tape on a cardboard box. He unpacked it item by item; his headphones, a large CD wallet, a few * ahem * adult magazines, and a few photo frames. He placed each frame delicately around his mattress, which was lying on the floor, seeing as the moving van with the bed frames wouldn't arrive until the next day. One photo was of him and Sam taken a couple years ago on Sam's birthday, one was the two of them with Bobby when they were kids, and one was a family portrait with John, Mary, young Dean, and baby Sam. John and Mary looked exhausted but genuinely happy, and Dean was looking at Sam, amused, as if Sam had just done something interesting.
Ten seconds later, Dean nodded and they all started lighting fuses. The first fireworks from the park burst overhead. Their crackling and joyful whistling filled the air. Dean, Cas, and Benny jogged over to Sam and Jess and they waited, smiling, staring up at the huge bursts of light in the sky. Their fireworks caught with sizzling noises and rocketed skywards. Sam gasped as they burst and filled the sky with a riot of burning colors. He looked over and saw Dean leaning into Cas.
Dean smiles most of the time now. Kevin and Chuck are astonished, Jo is happy for him. Dean's days are softer, somehow, easier, and Cas spends a lot of time learning to cook at Dean's house after work. Cas says living with Michael until he gets back on his feet is not so much a lucky break as it is incentive to get his own place ASAP. He never stays over at Dean's and Dean never minds. It's enough that Cas is there, that Dean is able to discover him, one conversation at a time. They talk at work, in pubs after work, in coffee shops, on weekend trips around town trying to find someplace cheap enough for Cas to rent. Dean teaches Cas how to cook and makes him listen to Led Zeppelin. Cas tells Dean about books he likes and different places he's traveled to. They haven't kissed since the first time. Dean wistfully wonders why, but he doesn't ask. Aside from the constant urge to press himself into the other man and lick his chapped lips, Dean enjoys their time together the way he enjoys croissookies; he craves them, he loses himself in their flavour, he expects nothing more of them. Perk: Cas probably won't kill him with diabetes. Sam notices Dean's happiness over the phone, but he doesn't ask. Dean can hear a smile in Sam's voice after Dean mentions that Cas found a place to live; a tiny flat on top of an empty shop that Cas can use as studio space as soon as his equipment gets shipped over. Dean and Cas exchange numbers and text a lot. Dean sends Cas shitty pictures taken on his phone and bad puns and Cas sends back strings of emoticons and dry comments. Dean sets his notification tone to the sting from the old Batman series, and every time Cas texts him he chuckles.
'So we're looking for a Japanese monster that lives in mountain caves.' Sam announced it like a drill sergeant and began to search eagerly through the pile of books.
A pile of sketchbooks was stacked on the desk. Dean put the box down on the floor and picked one up, suppressing his pang of conscience at invading Cas' privacy. In the dark he could just make out neat dates on the covers in Cas' steady handwriting. Dean picked up the one that was labeled 'Feb. - Oct. 1995'. Cas had done a sketch of Dean then, hadn't he? Cas had said he was breaking in his studio. It wasn't snooping if Dean just wanted to see the drawing of himself, right? Dean opened it to a random page and Anna stared back. It was the charcoal sketch Cas had shown Dean last year. Dean looked at it for a moment, then flipped the pages. A wine glass. A broken-down house. A page of colored paint blotches. A geometric design. Two hands. A tree. Dean smiling.
“They're doing well. Although I think the humidity will need to be adjusted and the vents will need to be closed halfway.” And with that said, Castiel's work day began.
There was a soft sound and two rows of sharp teeth clicked open, then closed. A yawn? A silent scream? Another, different sound as it moved into a clearing, feet disturbing the mouldering leaves of the forest floor. The trees quivered. Its eyes glowed yellow, seemingly lit from within. It paused in its movements, hunkering down, muscles coiled. Suddenly, almost too quickly to be true, it leapt. Claws flashed in the faint moonlight, and a tiny death was drawn out in blood. Fangs flashed again. The moon rose higher and illuminated a twitching tail, thickly padded paws, a raised ridge of fur along the creature's back.
Dean rolled his eyes. 'I know. I have something else in mind. Besides,' he said, rapping the art-covered wall with his knuckles, 'these are too good to destroy.' Cas' face turned pink. 'Yeah, you thought I didn't do it because I like you, but really it was to save your creepy nudist drawings.'
She undid the button on his jeans and dipped her hand inside his boxers, wrapped her fingers around Dean's flagging half-erection. Dean leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes, tried not to think about messy dark hair and burning lightning blue. All he could see was Cas. His mind revolted, he opened his eyes and focused on Bela. She was the opposite of Cas in every way. Her eyes were narrowed. Her expression flashed self-consciousness for a moment before she hid it beneath irritation. 'What's wrong, Dean? The unexpected return of your boyfriend put you in a strop?' Dean knew she meant it as an offhand, non-specific insult, but it was like a lash across Dean's back. The soapy air seemed to condense around him.
Before Dean knew what he was doing, his fist was swinging through the air. It was a bizarre reversal of roles. His cheek where Cas had punched him months ago throbbed as if remembering the blow. Cas was bent over, stunned. Dean could see blood coming from a split in Cas' lip. There was a moment when Dean felt paralyzed with regret, then Cas looked up, dark clouds gathering in his expression, and lunged. He surged into Dean and pinned him against the wall, an arm across Dean's throat.
Cas only half believed that, but he'd ask Anna later. For now... 'Can I ask you a personal question?'
Cas nudged Dean back so he could pick up the frying pan and scrape the scrambled mess off onto a big plate.
'Freaking hurts.' Jo limps back to the couch, which is draped in blankets. 'I made an appointment at the hospital tomorrow.'
Sam hastily stuck his phone back in his pocket and walked around the car to let Bones out. “Uh...yeah, it wasn't too bad.” Bones hopped out of the car and shook himself, then ran to sniff at Hyun-Sook's feet.
Dean perked up as Sam walked to the door. “Now there's an idea I can get behind!” He threw Sam the keys.
Castiel waved his hands in an 'I know, I know' gesture. “I didn't have time to make food. Any croissants today?”
The man grins appreciatively and nods. 'Let me get you one then.' He leans over the bar and orders Dean a refill. 'What's your name?'
John narrowed his eyes. 'Enough with this new attitude, Dean. The school called me about your attendance. Sam told me you haven't been yourself. It's time for you to shape up.'
Chuck leaned down to speak to Castiel through the open window. John had always wondered why those kids got stuck with such bizarre  names. Michael and Gabriel were understandable, but Castiel? Anael? He just couldn't fathom it. He heard an echo of Mary's voice: To each their own, sweetheart. He got in, fastening his seatbelt.
Cas fixes him with a wide-open stare. 'I was trying not to complicate things.' There's a pause. 'I would love to come over for a drink.'
'Hello.' Cas deadpanned. Dean turned to look at him properly and was surprised to see the angel holding a dirty, dripping potted plant bursting with small purple flowers.
'Because. I can't take any more of your moping. Let's go look around at the lights on the block. There's no point just sitting here waiting.'
Dean tried to tug loose, tasting panic. 'What do you want from me?!' He didn't know what he was saying. He knew he wasn't making sense, but Cas seemed to understand.
Anna's absence changed everything. Cas said she had to go to a hospital because she was sick. Sam knew what that meant: The kids at Sam's school said Anna was a loony and had to be locked up. It made Sam's stomach twist to think of her in a hospital and when people twirled their fingers by their temples he felt angrier than he could ever remember feeling. After Dean gave Gordon Walker a black eye at the middle school for calling her a psycho the word spread to the elementary school and most kids stopped making fun of her. That was one benefit of having the elementary school, the middle school, and the high school all next to one another in a huge long strip, on top of being able to share sports fields. Every time Cas went to visit Anna Sam hoped to hear news but Cas always returned pale and tight-lipped. He didn't talk about it. Sam noticed that each visit Cas made was followed by several days of uncharacteristic quietness.
'So Jody thinks she found us a job. Three people killed in a town in Colorado in the last week. Houses locked, no sign of forced entry, and all the vics were missing organs.'
John sighed. 'Not long, son. I'll be back before you know it.' He opened the door. Sam's throat tightened.
Dean looked up at Cas and knew he didn't have to say anything. Cas saw it all there in his face. He squeezed Dean's shoulder and the pressure choking Dean lightened somewhat. Cas hugged him and Dean let himself relax into the familiar feeling.
“You're right, that might be a bit too much,” his mother ceded. “And you and Jimmy must be busy with the cookbook.”
Cas' face crumpled and Sam wondered if Cas knew what was wrong with Dean. If anyone would know, it was Cas. Sam sure as hell didn't. He had barely seen his brother over the last week. Sam tried to figure out how to ask without sounding nosy. Cas got up and walked over to his suitcase, his back to Sam. 'How is Dean, anyway? I haven't seen him around lately.'
Benny rapped the desk with his knuckles. 'Yeah, don't we all. It ain't that bad, just ramble on about personal development and how the arc of the character makes the difference between a tragedy or a comedy.'
'No! Not at all.' Cas slumps against a counter and sort of deflates. 'I'm sorry.' He runs a hand through his hair and chews his bottom lip. He opens his mouth and closes it again, then says, 'It's not you, not at all. I've been out of sorts.'
Dean lifted a flat piece with holes cut into it and took a circle from Cas. He slotted the circle into the hole and pressed it flat with his palms, making sure the edges aligned. Dean liked it when things fell into place and fit together.
“Oh, you know, same as always. Run off my feet with - ” She was interrupted by Claire running into the room and grabbing Cas' legs in a hug. Amelia chuckled.
Dean groaned and pushed himself to his feet. He hated research, he really did. 'Dude. We've been at it for hours. I'm human, I need dinner first.' He started toward the door.
Dean laughed. His heartbeat pounded in his face. The pain dulled a bit. 'Don't be sorry. That was badass. Man, who knew you had it in you?' He was face to face with Cas, who wasn't backing away. Adrenaline flooded his veins.
It clicked. Sam had seen the book about Morse code on Dean's bedside table. Sam smiled, imagining his brother as a spy or a secret agent. It dawned on him that his brother had thoughts that he didn't share with Sam, that he had important things to say (or that he couldn't say, at least out loud). Sam wondered what the world looked like to Dean, and for the first time realized that although he and Dean had the same experiences, for the most part, they lived different lives. He never imagined Dean seeing things in the world that Sam didn't see, thinking things that he didn't say out loud, having reactions that were different from Sam's. Sam didn't think all of this in words, didn't even really identify it, it all just swept over him as a feeling of wonder and he felt as if his eyes had been opened. He saw Dean, really saw him. Dean looked happy, so Sam went back to his bed, floating on the strange realization and feeling surreal.
'Don't worry about it! Happens all the time.' Dean maneuvers into a small parking space in front of the Gas n Sip and turns the car off. 'Come on, it'll be an adventure.' He and Cas leave the car, and Dean surreptitiously locks it before they walk in through the front door. The lights flicker and the cashier - a bored-looking teenager chewing gum in an obscenely exaggerated manner - looks up.
The next day, although a certain frostiness hung between them, Dean and Bela didn't talk about it. Crowley looked curious but something in their expressions must have stopped him from asking. It took every ounce of Dean's self-control not to look for Cas in the halls. He was jumpy and kept his eyes down. He was ready at any moment to leap around a corner or through a classroom door if he saw Cas. He didn't. He wasn't sure if it was because he was averting his eyes from everything except the floor or because Cas wasn't there. Dean supposed Cas could have just been there on Monday to register for the next school year.
“Just wanted to ask you if you'd come by a little early tonight so we can talk before babysitting? I want to get your opinion on something!”
She grinned. 'I made something for you too.' She reached into her bag and dug out a thick envelope. She had written his name in huge loopy cursive on the front. Sam's heart sped up at the twinkle in Jess' eyes. If Jess were an animal, Sam thought, she'd be a mongoose. She was clever and loyal and silly and the type of person who could behead a snake without flinching one moment and then cuddle the next. If she were a dessert, she'd be sea salt and juniper chocolate. Cas had brought him and Dean some back from Larned once, and after initial awe and disgust and double-dares, they had tried it and liked it. It was unabashedly sweet with a salty kick that stayed on the tongue long after the chocolate was gone.
He and Sam were halfway through a pile of soft-shell tacos, Sam reading a book propped up against his plate and Dean making obscene noises around mouthfuls of seasoned beef and really crisp lettuce, when Cas returned.
There's something comforting about the enormous, clanging, voice-filled roar of an industrial kitchen in action. The noise is like an ocean, and Dean revels in it. When he's prowling through the kitchen hauling ingredients, barking orders, beating this, whipping that, he can't hear himself think, and for that he's grateful. The smell of flour and butter in the air reminds him of sitting in the kitchen when he was young while his mother baked. He floats on the surface of it all and drowns everything out.
Dean sighed. 'Listen, Sam, I'm glad they're back and everything, but did you notice the lack of phone calls? And I don't see Cas rushing over here. We're not really friends anymore.'
'He totally explains it all though. Don't give me that look. It was actually really accurate. It sort of freaked me out.'
The unpleasant memories of the morning disappeared as Castiel stepped out and brushed himself off, thinking of the birds that would have a field day with his fallen crumbs. He didn't bother locking the car before he went in; The Nursery was set back from the road and, really, no one ever worried about locking their doors properly in Birch Ridge.
Sam wasn't unhappy, but he wasn't happy, either. He felt caught in between, as if he were trapped in a waiting room (albeit a really homey and familiar one). Uncle Bobby and Aunt Ellen were extra nice to him and asked him about Dean a lot. Some evenings his dad would call and Sam would tell him about teachers, schoolwork, the soccer team he had joined. John asked questions but rarely gave Sam any information except to say that Dean was fine and that he'd come and get Sam soon. Sam felt the hopeful optimistic part of himself shrink every time, as soon as he handed the phone over to Uncle Bobby.
Sam wasn't surprised. Anna rarely hung out with them anymore. When they were younger she had spent a lot of time with them. Even if she was a girl and did things differently, she was very nice and Sam liked her a lot. She was soft-spoken and she never let anyone kill spiders, preferring to capture them in cups and take them outside, for which Sam was secretly glad. Lately, though, Sam noticed that she said strange things sometimes and that it made people uncomfortable. He didn't want Cas to be upset, so he didn't ask why.
'That's the gospel truth.' Jess joins them, wrapped in a long coat. She winds an arm around Sam and smiles. 'If you're taking requests...' They start walking toward the car.
Dean and Cas continued making aliens, rocket ships, astronaut helmets, and ray guns until John called them to the kitchen table for mac and cheese, standard Winchester fare. After they ate, they used everything they had made to play a very intense and half-silent (though not one-sided) game that involved a lot of shooting each other with foam ray guns and falling off the furniture onto piles of cushions.
'This is Jo's friend, Charlie. Her mom and dad are friends of ours. Thought they could use a break for the day. She's a clever one. Like Houdini, right Charlie? This is Uncle John.'
The voices rose and rose, getting louder and louder. Castiel marvelled at the fact that the other children weren't waking. His body felt heavy, so heavy, so tired, but all he could think about were the shadows of people moving beyond the door. He wanted to know what they were doing – and at the same time, he was afraid to see. He gathered all his energy and tried to roll over. It was like lifting a sack of bricks. His arms wobbled. He tried to get his numb legs underneath himself to push his body up, but couldn't manage. They were so heavy. Shadows and light flicked across his face. He pulled himself forward on his arms, eyes half-closed, the world wobbling erratically in his vision.
Cas looks like he's suppressing a smile. 'Jo and I made you chicken soup with pasta and garlic bread. Well, Jo did most of it. I helped. And it's late.'
Dean heard Benny and Jess whooping and Sam laughing as if from a great distance. All of his senses were currently preoccupied with his best friend standing next to him and staring up at the light-streaked sky. Dean thought about reaching for Cas' hand and waited for the appearance of fear or hesitance or anything that wasn't screaming, 'Yes, yes, do it!' There was only the desire to get closer. So he reached down and slipped his hand into Cas', who squeezed without looking away from the fireworks. It felt like their hands were made to be fitted together. Dean tapped a message into Cas' palm.
Cas smiled to himself, dug into the chocolate blackberry cake in front of him, and turned to stare out the café window. It was hard to focus on the street outside past the reflected glare of the sun on Anna's hair. He stared at her thoughtful face next to his own.
Dean and Cas learned Morse code after the salvaged Christmas. Dean needed to keep his mind occupied. Yeah, he knew it was dorky, but Cas was so excited about it. And really, he eventually thought, it was kinda cool knowing a secret language that no one else around them did. It took forever to get a message across but that just meant that they never wasted words. Learning Morse code with Cas showed Dean how to cut out everything unnecessary and boil it down to what he really meant. Clear. Simple. Concentrated.
'No, that's okay. What's up?' Dean puts his bowl down. It is a bad time, but Castiel looks frazzled and exhausted and wild-eyed.
Dean nodded. 'Sure. There's a coffee machine there if you need a hit.' He gestured to Cas and jokingly added, 'Step into my office, Cas.' Cas shot Anna a look, half blaming, half pleading. Now he was going to be all alone, at the mercy of this fine specimen of man who was either a delusional lunatic or a money-grubbing schemer. Anna gave him her best blank face in return. Ugh, fine. Cas followed the hot psychic down the hall and into the main room. Dean closed the door behind them.
Two hours later, they settled at a picnic table by the playground with some plain burgers ('No ketchup, Daddy, no no.'). Dean and Castiel scarfed down their burgers and took off running to the playground. John could see them howling with laughter and chasing each other. Jo, Sam, and Charlie were all playing around with their food and carrying on a half-nonsensical conversation.
'What is it like when you're young and stupid?' Dean is watching Cas, who answers absentmindedly while steering out of the parking lot.
“It's our night, Uncle Cas! There's a hornbill in Africa that has long eyelashes like a person and eats mice!”
Everything, that is, except for the grating voice drilling a hole through his early morning calm. Steam is rising from the kitchen, the freezer is being pillaged as people prepare their worktops for the day ahead, and Naomi is striding through the maze of steel, plastic, and wood with her clipboard, calling for Dean.
Dean twists himself around to look straight at Cas. 'I never seriously considered it. You know, as an actual...possibility.'
When they got home, Dean put Sam to bed. Dean looked distracted but Sam could tell he wasn't mad because he even tucked Sam in, which he hardly ever did.
'It's my Christmas present to me!' Gabe chimed, and dashed off to get Dean's, leaving a trail of cookie crumbs.
After work, Dean goes into his house long enough to pack a duffel bag and make a phone call, then he heads to the airport. It's only a three hour flight out to Stanford, but Dean wants to leave as soon as possible because it tires him out to travel by plane. No, it isn't because he spends half the flight hyperventilating and trying not to scream, of course not. If he had a choice, he'd drive his baby out, but he only has a few days off from work, so he has to compromise.
Right. Cas has always had trouble with the whole secrecy thing. He only has room for one reality at a time in his mind. It comes from being a creature with religious purpose and a hive-mind. It's why he's such a terrible liar. The nurse is looking between them a little suspiciously.
Dean huffs a surprised laugh and looks at Cas. He waits, expecting to recoil from the pity in Cas' eyes, but he doesn't find any. Cas is staring at him intently and the burn of his gaze is a relief to Dean. There's nothing there but strength and thoughtfulness. Dean can't look away. He knows it's all wrong – they're sitting on the floor in a closet, Dean is shaky from a panic attack, his face still burns where Cas slapped the air back into him – but he also knows that the wrongness of it all isn't enough to stop him. Things don't always line up perfectly like ingredients in a recipe. Not all lives can be a series of events that come one after the other like beads on a string. Sometimes life hands you a fistful of madness and a fistful of joy together, and you take them both because that's all you can do in a world where madness and joy are too often two sides of the same coin. So when Dean leans forward and kisses Cas with all the strength he has left, he doesn't know if it's madness or joy. Or both. When Cas breathes a noise into his mouth and kisses him back, though, he thinks he might be figuring it out.
'Come on, Sam, we're going out.' Sam jerked up as something heavy landed on his legs. His coat. Dean was shrugging his own on.
Dean would never admit to liking the way Benny called him 'brother.' He shook his head. 'No. Of course not. You just said...something about a book report. Wait, a book report? Seriously? I thought we got over those in middle school.'
'I thought about opening a bakery, but that'll never happen.' Dean's used to people nodding understandingly at this stage. Cas blinks and takes up another forkful, but doesn't eat it.
Sam narrowed his eyes. “Yeah, go ahead, laugh it up. It's not like that. I just feel like...we're supposed to be here.”
Their voices were low, so Sam pretended he didn't hear, and when Cas called out a loud, 'Merry Christmas!' Sam stuck his head around the door. Dean went back to the kitchen with his arms full of plastic containers and brightly-packaged food.
