Red phone: They're the science and environmental people at the department. They are my kind of people.
When you read that first text message from Cuddle Bunny, we weren't dating. Not really. I just let you think that the person I was talking to was my boyfriend because I wanted to prove that I was moving on. You just told me that you had someone new in your life and I didn’t want you to think that I was some loser still pining for you. I wanted to prove to you that I was letting go. It wasn't true, at least not for a couple months. It's true now.
“You did not meet under the best of circumstances. Dr. Stark is better than what you witnessed in Siberia. If I ran into you when I still believed you were responsible for my father’s murder, I would have attempted to kill you as well. However, now that I know better, we are friends.”
(My beta will confirm that I wrote this chapter long before Chris Pine pointed out the Chris problem on SNL)
Me: By not letting me know how dangerous things were? Don’t you think I should have been told that they were not 100% sure that my parents were killed in a car accident?
Spoiler warning: Some vague references will be made to the events of Cloak and Dagger season one. In this story’s timeline the events of Cloak and Dagger season one took place around February 2017 coinciding with Mardi Gras 2017. You probably won’t even notice what it is unless you watch the show. Remember, it’s all connected.
Nomad: I don’t know that either. I’ve seen pictures of my dad and I look a lot like him, especially now. I think I would just bring back bad memories.
Me: Who really wishes she was a psychiatrist because she’s like 92% sure I’m bipolar, in addition to the PTSD and I am self-medicating with alcohol. Talk therapy can only do so much.
In the original timeline and in our timeline up to the beginning of the story, Leopold Fitz and Jemma Simmons are the textbook definition of star-crossed lovers, sometimes literally. They began the series as best friends and science partners after starting out as rivals at the Academy, but eventually transitioned to a romantic relationship over the last five years. The only problem is the universe kept screwing them over.
Me: Karen, not Friday, mentioned something about that when I was leaving Tony yesterday but not that that was the reason why Phil was unavailable. Apparently, Friday was helping you guys?
"But if you had to choose, would you prefer being a 105-year-old with the best body or keeping your sharp mind but really looking like a 105-year-old?" Tony asked.
“You’re not. Although, I do wish I realized this before just sleeping in the same bed as you became a luxury.”
All timestamps are from Tony’s perspective. Remember that Malta is six hours ahead of New York and nine hours ahead of California. Tony forgot this. He was still on Mumbai time. Geniuses can sometimes be flaky.
Tony: Ana I told you to only refer to me as Dr. Stark when I’m dealing with assholes or members of the board of directors.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. So now that Tony and Steve have spent several days together, how will they deal with being apart? We shall see. This is definitely a story about long-distance relationships.
Director Snookums: Because your boyfriend used to blush every time someone told a dirty joke in his presence, usually you. I don't need to be reading that. I walked in on enough of those situations when we shared an apartment at MIT.
Me: I still don’t know how he got out of that with so little damage. Fitzsimmons wants to run bone density tests.
Sorry for the long break. Hopefully, updates will be regular until the end from this point on. Counting this chapter we have nine more to go.
Tony: We both know it is a marriage of convenience, and no, it was Morgan. Howard was murdered when I was 21 because of his work with Shield. You know I try to avoid being Howard, and I don’t want to put myself at risk.
"I can't take either of you anywhere." Leo sighed in annoyance. "They showed up while you were arguing by the way," Leo said, pointing to the two brothers dressed in civilian clothes now arguing. Thankfully, Daisy's powers were now focused on the Asgardian dressed in black. Said Asgardian already had a knife out and ready to go toe to toe with Daisy. They definitely should’ve brought Yo-Yo.
“Okay hold up one minute. I’m all for rescuing the others but I know what the evil robot did to you after she read the magical book of everything evil. You want to risk that again?”
Me: Besides we did have a few rooftop burgers during the hunt for Coulson’s murder weapon. Which apparently, he found himself at Ice Station Zebra, but whatever.
"Yes. I no longer blame Sergeant Barnes for what happened to my parents. I want to find the last bits of Hydra and burn it to the fucking ground but I don't hold it personally against him. I have found peace with it." Again, thank you therapy.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You’re so fabulous. With so many of us practicing social distancing right now, I thought it would be a good time to upload a chapter a little early. Remember to put this story on alert, so you don’t miss any chapters.
Me: So, I take it your dinner with Benjamin’s aunt went badly? Is that the reason we’re going straight into the questions and using run-on sentences?
Purple Arrow: I know. You stepped into my place, probably because of your own mountain of daddy issues. You’re doing homework with Cody and drawing with Lily. If I stay away much longer, Nikki will be calling you daddy.
“Mace was the one who incapacitated her last time because he was director, but yes. She actually died before we could help her but she got better. It also happened a few weeks later.” Months, actually. But Leo didn’t tell her that. The Watchdogs seem to be moving up there timeline which makes sense because their effort to get their preferred candidate didn’t work. Of course, this means that they’re also dealing with Robbie earlier. Which may not be a bad thing.
Agent Laura: Natasha is a softy. She’s always liked me. Besides, I need to focus on Simmons and Clint right now. I’ve barely gotten him to the point he’ll eat pizza with me. It was a miraculous first step.
Counselor Laura: Yes. Daniel suspected that SHIELD was infiltrated by Hydra. Unfortunately, instead of going to his ex-girlfriend, he went to his direct supervisor Wilford Malick. That led to near assassinations at hotels.
“Is this where you tried to talk me out of dating Tony, because that’s not going to work. I already just came out of one of those conversations. I’m sure you’re aware of how stubborn I can really be so you must realize I’m not going anywhere,” he tells the director firmly.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I don't even know why we're here when the AIs can just talk to each other.
Counselor Laura: This is why you have always been my favorite godmother of my kids. It makes total sense that you two are conspiring.
May: She was a friend of my ex-husband. He actually mentored her while at SHIELD before he left. She stayed on until the agency collapse. I tried to get Mace to bring her on when the agency went public again, but he refused. This was for the best since it collapsed so quickly. She was at Sword until Director Rambo died. She couldn’t take the man who took over for her. I can’t either, considering what his agency did to Vision and the Wakandan government in the process.
Counselor Laura: Tony, I am sorry that you read that conversation. I don’t think I realized how different this timeline would be.
D Fitzsimmons: Actually, I think it was more about getting Fitz back. Either Fitz, honestly. I don't think she cared about which one she got. She is obsessed with it.
Red phone: You were too busy pining after Barnes, so of course not. Despite the fact you have a stomach I could eat off of, you tried to kill me, so it doesn’t matter.
Venom: Yes, although I was finally telling people about my fucked-up family, so maybe it wasn’t the right time to add one more thing. You made a cute pillow.
Person that cares about my boss: I meant about Melinda being Tony’s handler. He’s not being mean to her, is he? I know he hates Sharon and I only kissed her one time.
Tony: I guess you don’t want your fake bio to include anything about the second family that the bastard started after leaving?
Blue phone: I also slept with my neighbor, Melinda Garner repeatedly before ‘Nurse Katie’ took over her apartment. Of course, this was after a disastrous two week relationship with Jonathan, who I met at Freddy’s in Arlington.
Also, in case you missed it, I did update Hydra lullaby last Monday. I have yet to get any reviews on that chapter, so I’m wondering if I posted it a really bad time.
S Carter: Ross threatened to go after the children if he did not lead them straight to us. At least that's what I think happened.
Nomad: I don't know what I can tell you. You have the transcript of our conversation. I wasn't there to keep this from happening.
Anthony: After that, Laura said I couldn’t read anymore messages until I’m completely released from medical care. Although she would let all the important people know that I’m alive and kicking.
However, in the main MCU timeline that Leopold lived through things go badly very quickly beginning with not burning AIDA the moment he finds out about her. Instead, he lies to his girlfriend and helps Radcliffe. This eventually results in him getting kidnapped and replaced by a LMD and then getting put in a virtual reality like prison where he is made to believe that he’s with AiDA, resulting in a very dubious consent relationship. He also thinks that he is the number two of Hydra and is an absolute monster referred to as the Doctor. For comic book readers, think evil Steve from Secret Empire. For Star Trek lovers, think the mirror verse.
“If you had signed the Mumbai agreement before his 18th birthday last week, you would have also been his guardian. However, since he is legally an adult, it's not necessary anymore. Although, I think I’m still allowed to call in medical excuses and things like that. So maybe ask the principal how that works with Flash being 18 even though I was his legal guardian before then because his parents were trash. I am still his legal next of kin." He is still protective of Flash even though he let him get his own apartment. (That Tony owns, but Flash doesn’t know that.)
Skye quake: I figured you would want pictures of this since you’ve been pushing so hard. Philip tells me everything. Please see multiple images of May and Coulson finally making out attached.
Cuddle fiancé: I could have told you that after she kicked me in the shin. If I wasn’t a super-soldier, she would’ve broken something.
Blue phone: It didn't seem polite. After I realized that half the things said about you in the SHIELD files were not true, I decided I should probably talk to you.
Tony Bear: No, because she would have punched out business leader number two for grabbing her ass and then I would have to oversee getting her out of jail in a foreign country. That never goes well.
Tony: Yes, but it’s worse now that I’m in the room with them. James Leopold has just been suggested to take my place. They’re reviewing his credentials. The work for the Wakanda Government should push him over the edge. Thank you, Princess. As well as that ICER patent. Thank you patches for patenting those under the fake name. The bad board members all love weapons so much.
Me: But the thing is, it happened because I did not provide adequate oversight. He did all those bad things because I wasn’t watching. All the blood spilt by those weapons is on me. I'm not letting that happen again.
I forgive you for what you said. I know you didn't mean it. You're just 15 and even though I was at MIT at 15, I said a lot of things to both my parents that I regret. I was an absolute nightmare to Maria. I even said a lot of things right before they died. I was pissed at my dad for making me come home for Christmas when they were just going to leave me there. They never came home and I regretted it ever since.
I was initially planning for this to be an in-person conversation between Tony and Steve. However, during the rewrite process, I realize they're not quite there yet. Therefore, I switched it to text messages. They're still ridiculously awkward in person around each other and usually stress eat to break the tension. Although they do like to subconsciously touch each other a lot. Don’t you just want to hug them until they get a clue? Or maybe a slap?
Anthony love: It’s been less than an hour, but I am concerned. Mainly because I’ve been informed that you’re no longer actually on Earth as of five minutes ago.
The Mechanic: And that explains why Spider mom left a really long voicemail asking if the nursing position at the Avenger compound was still available.
Me: I slept a lot and maybe answered a few emails. Even though Mary set up a few meetings for me while I’m here, I prefer not to have to look at my work email again until Monday at the earliest.
Me: It’s always hard to watch your kids grow up or at least that’s what grandma Reilly used to say. We’ll talk more Saturday.
Tony Potts: That's not going to happen to you because we are going to play keep away with the stones. The fewer he has, the easier it will be for your Avengers to take care of him.
Me: He was. The director called him into a meeting a few minutes ago. There’s a situation with the Senator that has to be handled delicately.
For those of you who want to see Tony send inappropriate text messages to Nick Fury, check out my new short story Burn Phone after Reading. It’s not set in this universe, but it’s still fun and I’m pretty sure that Tony still has a crush on Steve.
Me: Better in the sense that divorce is off the table. I’m trying to decide if I want to introduce you to the concept of angry sex or hope that we never get to that point.
“Yes, and May is happy. Aunt May. Other May and Yo-Yo called because they needed my advice due to coming across some sort of possible weapon that causes people to hallucinate goes and then attack each other,” Tony explained.
Director Stark: That would be because someone who looks a lot like Laura’s husband teleported into the building about an hour ago and then teleported out with her. So, you are not going to the compound.
Counselor Laura: Something like that. If we successfully bring him back here, you need to get him out of that house. He can't stay there. It's toxic for him. Unfortunately, Flash takes out his issues on other people. Even though he's 18 now, he might feel stuck there coming back from this.
Me: Even though I also don’t want any of this in the New York Times, I’m glad you came to me to discuss this instead of trying to figure it out all on your own.
Nomad: I think we established this is not a kidnapping. If it were, you wouldn’t be talking to me right now.
“Radcliffe was. The director didn’t know about what he was really doing yet. I was also on another mission in Miami.” Leo explained.
BITC: I’m still allowed to talk to MJ, yet she didn’t call. And you because my mom hasn’t even thought to ban you.
The Big Boss: I see that Clint is now back in the good graces of the US government. Of course, the announcement was drowned by the ‘Tony Stark is now gay’ stories circulating everywhere.
Red phone: With Jarvis, I watched him die over a 14 month period. Most of it was spent in Peggy’s guest room. I watched him waste away and I couldn’t do anything to make it better. I felt so helpless. It was a hard-fought battle, but in the end he still didn’t make it. I think a part of me died when he did.
Anthony: I mean it’s not like that time I bought a Popeye’s franchise at a poker game. Rhodey is still the best choice.
HSBF: Tony really? Stop trying to change the subject and tell me how things really went with Happy yesterday. Did you guys work things out?
I think I need to start putting a portfolio together for all my fictional weddings. Who knows, I may have the need for more fictional wedding planning in the future.
Text message key: Pepper Pot is Pepper Potts Stark. Tony is Tony because it’s his phone. Have I mentioned yet in one of these notes that I’m never doing “me” again as a text message ID? I've been helping with translating the first story into Chinese, and I’ve learned from my many mistakes.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. It’s time for more Tony and Steve from the bad timeline. They are so hopeless, but maybe they’ll figure it out eventually. If it happened in one timeline, it could happen in another, right? We shall see. But progress has been made because Steve changed Tony’s name in his address book.
"Between the therapy and medication, I get that outing a 15-year-old with superpowers is a really bad idea. Ironically enough, because I said no, they mentioned a psych evaluation." Steve saw Tony shiver at that.
Steve: Bringing people back is going to be a mess, isn’t it? Even if they come back, we’re still legally her parents. How will that even work? Tony’s right; we can’t force her to go back. But I’m sure she would want to go back, so we don’t even have to worry about the worst-case scenario.
Me: I don’t know. Maybe. Things keep getting worse in the world and I think I would sleep better at night if I knew you were close by and able to save the world without worrying about getting arrested if you do.
Purple Arrow: That is never a good sign, although that may make Stefan feel better. I think I will make contact with Slingshot for transport.
by Brandy from the Waiting to Exhale soundtrack. Although please exchange the word ‘room’ for ‘lab’.
Tony: You’re starting to get a dirty mouth. What would our 16-year-old Royal, super genius, voyeur think? We’re supposed to be setting a good example.
“Malibu is still closer to the shrinking people than New York. Okay, give me one last kiss before you run off and join the other Secret Avengers.” Tony was trying to be brave, but Steve could tell his boyfriend was on the verge of tears. So was Steve, at that point.
Me: Fine, although I wouldn't have to resort to sexting if I could actually be in the same country as Cuddle Bunny without a SWAT team being dispatched. Is there anything you can do about that? I’m even afraid to meet him on the island because you might not track me there, but Ross would.
“Nope. Definitely not alone. Isn’t Stefan just the best boyfriend ever?” Tony snarked as he shot evil puppy number six in the hip. He’s going for maiming, not killing right now, mostly because he really wants to question the assholes so he can find the leak, plug it and maybe just maybe convince President Ellis or his replacement that at least this part of the Accords was stupid/dangerous.
Also, just because I don't want to date your aunt doesn't mean that I don't like you or that I will stop hanging out. I do think your aunt is one cool lady. I just fell in love with someone else and he is a great guy. A bastard sometimes, but a great guy underneath everything and I really do love him, when he’s not being a self-righteous prick at least.
Genius Princess: Not from Daisy herself, but from the version of Ana uploaded into her communicator. She's not on Asgard.
Nomad: I don’t know. I don’t even know she knows that I exist. Probably not since what my father did is so classified. There has to be hundreds of Joseph Rogers in the world.
Blue phone: Is this about the renovation again? I already gave Friday my approval on the color scheme. I'm just happy you're not going with hot Rod red for everything.
Tony: This is just the beginning. I expect more to come out now that the dam is cracking. Purple Arrow really knows how to get the man where it hurts.
Now that the crisis was over, it was time for her and the other Leo Fitz to have a little chat. The best way to do that was to bring food. She was half expecting him to be back in the holding room. Instead, she found him in Fitz’s old room, the one he had before he moved into hers a few months ago. They really did need to find an apartment soon. If she tripped over Fitz’s shoes one more time, she really was going to take Stark up on his offer for use of his house on Arlington Ridge.
“There you go. You are still important to Kamala. I’ll be there for you through this. I’ll help you share this burden. You can even stay at the cabin for a while with Robin. Whatever you need.” Tony wanted Steve there to help him through this. Breakups are hard, even under the best circumstances.
Agent L. Barton: Dr. Margarita Cruz, she is the number two in the ATCU psych department of my timeline. She was in charge of putting together the rehab center in Florida. It was her own passion project.
Me: Of course we are. You already got the Avengers on speaking terms again, which is a must if an apocalypse is on the horizon.
Tony: I am not having flashbacks of your brainwashed and crazy BFF snapping my mother’s neck. I’m personally a little shocked about that.
Me: [Shot glass emoj] Here is to the Avengers getting their shite together before the end of the universe.
Tony: It depends on your philosophy about time but some believe that you can’t change the future. So what if you knew the future and couldn’t change it? That would be awful.
“Well Coulson found out and apparently, I’m not allowed to make an AI based on him. As long as he’s alive anyway. Now Philip is confined to Agent America’s Avenger phone and the advanced tactical suit I am creating for her. She likes when Philip reads her text messages. Strangely, Agent is okay with that use of the technology,” Tony explained.
Monkey lover 2: He’s Simmons sexual, and he thinks you’re completely Bobbi sexual. Although, he, or rather I, did have a tiny crush on Ward until he dumped us in the ocean.
Me: Wait she is a superhero. She hasn’t chosen the code name yet but I’m sure she will soon. I suggested Girl Friday, but I was vetoed.
Tony: Yep, you are such a teenager. So, sugar cookie, do you want to read how our less idiotic selves managed to work through all their issues?
Stephen C: No, you shouldn’t have. You thought you lost the love of your life and you didn’t. Now you just have to tell him the truth.
Person my boss is in love with: Is he going to be okay? The press is going to eat him alive when this goes public.
“Yes. At South Ridge Penitentiary outside of Los Angeles yesterday. There are also reports of inmates seeing ghosts as well as the vigilante Quake being in the facility.” Karen told the two. “Shield was trying to keep the incident quiet but information leaked earlier this morning.”
But my mom would've been disappointed. She used to say ‘an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind’. Most people think Gandhi said that, but no one is certain. Maybe it’s just a summary of his philosophy. For years, mom tried to get dad out of the weapons business. She hated it. It was the only thing they argued about other than the drinking.
Agent Laura: OK, I’ll just get the avenger rehab center altogether. Do you think if we can get the dimensional travel thing done, we can bring Dr. Suarez here? It might be better to bring someone else and for my side.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: I think this behavior may be a residual aspect of the Friday AI that is not necessarily compatible with my current life circumstances. I will discuss it with the Princess in a few days.
Red phone: Although, if half the stuff that they’re printing about the late Gideon Malik a.k.a. the World Council member who fired a nuke at Manhattan were true, Congress will let you get away with a lot of shit even if they know you are Hydra if your net worth is high enough.
Counselor Laura: Yes. Friday and the Princess created an LMD child for him since the state of New York did not want to let him adopt or even be a foster parent at the time. Wanda, who is married to Vision, gave her a bit of a stone boost. So, she’s as close to human as possible and still be synthetic.
Tony Bear: All good points. However, if you’re planning to do a quickie with your ex-girlfriend, make sure you take pictures or at least wait for me to get there. I can’t participate, but I can watch. That’s about all Dr. Simmons would let me do. Evil.
“Your heart rate never went above the targeted zone, despite achieving orgasm. Therefore, your biometric data was not forwarded to her. Would you like me to forward the data anyway?” He heard the travel version of Friday say from the bedroom.
I told you that I ended our relationship because I didn’t want to watch you die and I couldn’t deal with you going out and saving the world every night. I couldn’t just sit at home every night wondering if you were going to come home to me. Of course, in hindsight, I realize that our problems were nowhere near that simple. It was stupid of me to ask you to choose. Selfish really. I realize that now.
Me: Well, I don’t think I can pull off an Albert Nobel. He was the last Merchant of Death and now everyone just thinks he is the Nobel Prize guy.
That works. Miss Rodriguez will be in touch. I should be available the first or second weekend in October. I think. I’m bad at remembering my own schedule.
Monkey lover 2: Maybe, or maybe we are going to keep making the same mistakes over and over again. Or worse, new ones that will lead to the same bad outcome or completely new one. What if nothing I do makes a difference? What if all roads still lead to hell and I’m just taking a different path to get there? I tried to keep Robin from getting her powers in the first place. Instead she got them earlier.
“Yes, she was text messaging your father at the time.” Bobo one answered, and the Princess tapped one of the beads on her wrist, and a hologram appeared.
Me: Great, the youngsters are beating my tech. I feel so old. How long have you know about a royal voyeur?
“Yes. I need help and treatment before it gets worse. Which meant the truth needs to get out. I had a videoconference with Suarez earlier. There’s some new medication that SHIELD has been working on that may help me. I will have to stay here for a few weeks while she gets the doses right, which Hunter is going to hate, but it’s for the best.” Leo genuinely smiles when he says Hunter’s name. There has to be something to that. She’s going to have to ask Fitz about that later. However, she has more pressing concerns.
Me: There was also an incident yesterday that didn’t make the news, at least the international news, which I’m officially neither confirming nor denying.
Anthony: Although if I was trying to get lost in the continental US. I think Vegas would be the place to do it.
Anthony: Captain America has a statue in a park, more than one park. Despite being considered a ‘war criminal’, most of them haven’t been taken down yet.
Me: Because he deserved it. He was a self-righteous prick who kept asking me if I made unauthorized contact with various enhanced people.
Me: Probably, but she needs protection. Let’s just say there was a reason why Tony punched out his original doctor and leave it at that. The new shield doctors think that they’re going to be able to lift the sedation by late tomorrow. I’ll keep you posted. Keep Nomad in whatever country you’re in.
Nomad: I have a suit. You would be amazed by how much a good suit comes in handy while doing undercover.
We are en route to LA to investigate something “ghost” related. If things go badly, I’m going to need Friday to fix things. If you hear about a prison riot in California or an explosion near Pasadena, then you know that things have gone badly.
D: Did you sleep last night? You can’t be mad at somebody for something that happened in the other timeline.
Agent L. Barton: No, but we’re going to have to deal with the purple ass hole. He’s a threat no matter what. Let’s say we move the stones here. What if he finds some way to get here? Then it just starts all over again. We have to take him out.
Cuddle Bunny: I’m starting to see your point about the need for oversight. At the same time I don’t want to be forced to take action against innocent people or sit by and do nothing as other people get hurt just because I don’t have authorization. I trust that Colonel Rhodes wouldn’t have a hidden agenda, but others I wouldn’t be so sure about.
Agent M: You don’t have to because you’re not enhanced or gifted. I didn’t and I have the Captain America shield resting next to me right now.
HSBF: It’s just hard for me to focus on you and the movie. I usually need to really concentrate since there’s a lot of things I’m not familiar with.
Me: I think most of them have been dragged out. I really don’t need to know in detail why his various marriages/relationships failed due to his inability to keep it zipped.
Red Phone: You’re nothing but a giant bruise and that was after 12 hours of super soldier healing. I don’t even want to know what you looked like immediately after. You broke six bones.
Agent L. Barton: That’s what I want to do. We have a full medical center here that can help with the withdrawal symptoms. It’s not Florida, but it will do.
TMNS: We’re on our way to the Lighthouse because, apparently, we're not allowed to go to the compound per Ms. Marvel’s cousin.
Tony Potts: Also, I really don’t want another revelation like finding out Aunt Ana was killed by Hydra. Along with Daniel getting killed by Hydra. Because Hydra killed everybody in my fucking family. They even got Aunt Peggy in the end.
“You’re not going to try to arrest me?” Steve asked as he led them back to Sam’s room but Davis only replied with a laugh. Moments after that the agents then pulled out a device that scanned the room most likely for bugs.
“At least another 30 minutes. Although, you could head over to the Zephyr now if you want. Are you texting Steve?” Phil asked.
Me: I think I told you before yes and that is still the case. Sleeping with him didn’t make that go away. Actually, it kind of made it worse. Love and sex are two different things. But it can be a form of intimacy.
Clint quickly cut off his phone and then proceeded to take out the Sim card. That was flushed down the toilet of the stall he was messaging from. The phone itself was tossed in the pond near the airport before he got on the plane to Palau with his fake South African passport. He wasn’t that surprised to find Wanda with a new Stark phone waiting for him at the safe house when he arrived 20 hours later.
Red phone: If people in multiple countries didn't want to kill me on sight, I would volunteer to be a science envoy.
Tony: I’m in public watching the D.C. United lose a soccer game. People are looking strangely at me.
Anthony: Jackie knew that her mom was the spy. So did her brother. I don’t even think Michelle was clueless about it either.
Agent Laura:  Well, unlike most people, you understand her world complete with multiple timeline fiancés and everything else. You also both speak the language of science.
Me: I’m currently working my way through one. It’s really hard to get over you because every time we do this, I kind of remember why I’m in love with you - despite the fact you’re a dick. I feel like getting over you is going to be impossible plus I really don’t want to be over you. (Message not sent)
Nomad: You’re the one who said he needed to leave after watching the footage from Taiwan from last February.
You’re forgiven. Still better than the guy at the Academy who slept with me because I was a legacy. Turns out he was Hydra trying to recruit me, for morale reasons. Although I only learned that two years ago. I’m really glad I kicked him so hard in the genitalia that he lost his ability to reproduce.
“So, do you think Dr. Simmons will regret suggesting massage as a way to be intimate without sex when she gets my biometric readings?” Tony asked, still high on Steve. He wanted to lie next to Steve and enjoy the moment, but he was also oily and sticky and Steve kind of pushed him into the bathroom to clean off. It’s a pity he was pushed into the shower alone, but it was probably for the best. He is going to have to deal with one cranky scientist when he gets back.
“We’ve had more than one conversation.” Tony is almost sure that Laura started mumbling the serenity prayer under her breath.
Me: Apparently, the real reason they wanted to talk to me because the human earthquake is now MIA. Okay, that’s mostly because they think that we are still at each other’s throats after the airport fiasco and have no idea you’re cuddle bunny.
Me: We’d been for a while at that point. We were just keeping it from the public to keep the stock from going in the toilet. We were still not fully recovered from the Ultron fiasco and I really didn't want to lay people off.
Me: I’m trying. So what do you consider your greatest accomplishment? And I’ll add, what do you think everyone else thinks your greatest accomplishment is?
“Possibly, but I don't know.” Tony said turning around to look at Steve “The tech has been recovered. The bad guy is in federal custody. Spider-teen is in Shield custody and being escorted home. I’m going to have to deal with Happy, but it might be best if I have a couple of days to cool down.”
Tony: I don’t think the inhuman internment camps will go away. Ross didn't blame the decimation on the Avengers fucking up.  He blamed Daisy and created this entire anti-inhuman landscape. That’s not going to go away if we bring everybody back, including the asshole’s daughter and grandkid. He's out of power, and things are still a mess.
"I don’t think I would hold it against you with a kiss like that." He whispered as coherent thought started to occur again.
May: Pepper’s lawyers are along with representatives from the Wakandan government. The situation is complex.
Anthony: Contrary to what some you think; I’m not using the foundation to find dates. That would be creepy. I am trying to find the next great mind where ever that could be. My grandfather had a fruit stand and my grandmother was a seamstress. My father discovered his engineering prowess by making her sewing machine more efficient when he was six years old. Greatness can come from the most humble of beginnings. I’m doing my best to nurture that greatness where ever it may be found.
Final notes: In some places/reference material the MCU is designated as Earth 199999. But in Spider-man: Into the Spider-Verse, they played with the idea that 616 signifies the prime universe for that particular media. Initially, I was going to refer to Leo's home reality as 616, since he comes from the prime reality in this story. Therefore, his home dimension would be "616". If Dr. Strange sent him back, everything would've played out as it did in canon before all the time travel shenanigans created issues.
“Like sleeping with the married and in the closet Chief of Staff of the late Senator Ward. That mistake almost got Tony killed.”
Me: I can’t tell you that. Although, the time difference is now worse. I will try not to get shot again.
What the hell happened with my nephew? After skipping school, he comes home crying about losing the internship dressed in something he did not leave the house in. If you laid one finger on him in a way that is inappropriate, I will fucking kill you. I don’t care that you’re a superhero. I don’t care if you are a billionaire. Don’t you fucking dare touch my nephew.
Red spider: No, she’s doing press in Mumbai with the King, Deputy Assistant Secretary Rhodes, Vision, and Joey. She’s also there to brief them on what’s really going on.
HSBF: I hope all is going well for you. Since we’re staying somewhere with a kitchen and have two extra people, Sam made his grandma‘s mac & cheese. He had to sub some of the ingredients but it was nice to have a home-cooked meal.
Anthony love: Jeffrey is furious about the bruising. I think he would be even angrier if they need to deal with a second black eye. You can’t tell the red spider about Daisy now?
There was a lab mishap today that made me realize that maybe it’s not a clever idea to have a 15-year-old working on a lot of the projects that I’m doing. He didn’t follow the protocols and somebody almost got hurt. Thanks to my assistant and bodyguard, Miss Rodriguez, the worst thing that happened was Peter lost his clothes, which is why he ended up wearing a Free Quake T-shirt.
Me: He actively helped Spidey with the Watchdogs. He melted all their guns. I don’t think he’s that much of a reservist anymore.
Tony: Except I open my house to your kids. Even Kamala is going to spend this weekend with Pepper instead of coming here. Also, I have been spending many a sleepless night this week trying to perfect time travel even if I’ve just been passing the information to Deke.
Purple Arrow: You already mentioned. Get back to your own timeline and send the stones here to start building our own gauntlet as we prevent your purple monster from doing to you what he did to us.
Tony: Yo-Yo said that she would sneak in a phone to May before Mack takes her out on her goodbye dinner. So you might be able to talk to her at breakfast our time tomorrow. I think.
Yes she can make her own tea. It also gave James a modicum of privacy. However, Shuri wasn’t expecting to walk into the room with James crying when she returned with tea 15 minutes later.
“That’s good and I am thankful for that. Also, for Malta even though you really didn’t have to buy me a house.” At that moment Pepper looked at Tony strangely.
Tony Potts: But Steve could've started with "Hey, Tony, we need you to come to the compound because we fucked up."
Snookums put me on hold to talk to General Talbot so I thought I would go ahead and send you Lily Bear’s artwork. Past this to birdbrain when you get a chance. I really wasn’t avoiding you. I just need to work with snookums on figuring out how to handle this without getting 15-year-olds involved.
Nomad: Jesus. He should’ve told you what was going on. Maybe not all the details but enough so you could understand the gravity of the situation.
“Is it because Talbot knows about me and could follow me right into the country?” Steve asked concerned.
Counselor Laura from 2023: Regardless, there's more brainpower on your side. We only have Bruce, Tony, Scott, and not sober Simmons.
"Apparently, this is true in multiple timelines. I think Laura wants to punch us. Or lock us in a room and let us talk it out.” Tony almost said fuck it out but changed it at the last second.
Tony: Babycakes, that is just the beginning. You miss the part where he wanted his daughter to get genetic testing for the inhuman gene on her new baby daughter when she was in utero so the problem could be dealt with early.
Blue phone: I think it would be nice to know if somebody actually liked me and not just the guy from the propaganda posters and comic books.
I am not surprised Pepper, and Stark are not together in this timeline. I'm quite sure they're only still together for Morgan, and even then, I wonder if it's a show for the board. They are assholes. Pepper said all the good members didn't survive the decimation.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: Oh, he already has that. Dad is also paying for Gabrielle too. Dad gives out college scholarships like candy to smart people. And houses for that matter. Dad gave May Parker-Riley, a townhouse for Christmas.
: refers to Peter Parker a.k.a. Spider Man of YouTube. Participated in the airport incident. TMNS is his official codename in the Avenger database/messaging service.
Francis: I was trying to bring my wife back, and that’s not her. So, I’ll let Stark figure out how to get her back home, and I will just stay out of the way until you find a way to get the stones.
“It beats us eating our feelings over churros.” Tony joked. Again he’s only going to survive this conversation with high amounts of wisecracks and humorous deflecting.
“I’m not going to run away from you or us if things start to go badly,” Steve promised and Tony responded by placing a gentle kiss on Steve’s lips.
Anthony: People have countdown calendars. However, I think your suggestion has prevented a similar fate at Shield. I met POTUS’s previous first choice, Jeffrey something that starts with an M, I think. I can’t be bothered to remember. I think SI may have engaged his firm’s services after one of my major screwups before he went to the government sector, but I can’t remember, probably because the major screwup involved alcohol.
“Yes. Now I understand why you should be careful what you wish for. I know that his leaving was for the best. He was a monster. So I became a monster. I understand Ward now,” she definitely wanted to hug him.
Tony: No because he refuses to get up before 10 AM on vacation, despite the lab. Vision and the daughter-in-law are cooler than me, and therefore off he has hanging out with them for breakfast.
I think at some point I will be able to interact with your boyfriend and it not be awkward. At least I know deep down that you’re never going to walk in on him getting fellatio from some YA starlet that is barely legal. You two had some issues that you had to work out, but that’s probably not going to be one of them. Although it may be a good thing that I won’t be able to do lunch anytime soon with the new BF. It will give me time to adjust.
The Mechanic: Have you talked to Pepper Pot recently? I saw that the media is mostly talking about me again but I’m concerned.
Tony: Sorry, I totally forgot about time zones. Though, I just thought maybe we can hold off on announcing the engagement until New Year’s Day.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. We are going to get to some of the heavy stuff right now.
As Hunter walks into the West Coast facility with the Princess and the newest member of the team walking behind him, he sees Leo and Simmons fighting over a backpack. Leo stopped when he noticed the three of them.
Note to self: Add Watchdogs to groups for intelligence to watch. Look into possible funding from Russia for the anti-inhuman organization.
Anthony: I told you he is our number one shipper. He is a hopeless romantic who constantly carries around an engagement ring with him in case I want to propose to Pepper in the spur of the moment.
Anthony love: Hey sweetie pickle, I must go. Spidey senior is texting me on the Avenger line, but I will be back. Write me.
Cuddle Bunny: I think anyone would be a good counterpart to Ross. Colonel Rhodes is a good leader. He is someone that I would be willing to follow.
“But we do love our kids.” Tony finished for Steve. “And without that cataclysmic event, we wouldn't have them."
Tony: Sometimes Moms are troop leaders. Now, I’m currently trying to convince them to allow girls into the Boy Scouts or vice versa for the Girl Scouts.
Cuddle Bunny: Since you’ve said so many outlandish things to me that have turned out to be true, I’m going to trust that the giant killer monster thing is not hyperbole.
Karen: Actually, I am enjoying the challenge. Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider only needs me while patrolling, or when he wants to talk about MJ or his Uncle. Yes, he still blames himself for his murder. It is nice to converse with adults occasionally. At least temporarily, I’m not sure if I would like to do this permanently.
“I don’t think she’s that person anymore. Experiences change you." And apparently, Laura went through some things, including being kidnapped by Ross. “You don’t want to know who I was pre-Afghanistan.”
Me: You are now a member of the US government. Stark had to sign that thing and he is neither enhanced nor gifted.
We will be spending more time with Tony and Steve in the next few chapters, but I wanted to Address the Flash now knows Peter's secret identity cliffhanger from text messages from the Edge right away before we move forward.
HSBF: Have you explained to him that you feel you’re better off as friends because you both want different things? Mainly she wants you to stop risking your life and you’re never going to want to stop saving people.
Me: Agent Carter flew me out to the middle of nowhere for sans armor training exercises with Agent Scary. She stuck around for about an hour to watch me get my ass kicked by various individuals before leaving without participating herself.
Anthony: It was a really big step for me because I really don’t feel like telling the world about my failures as a human being, but it would be worse if the Rising Tide hacks the ATCU and finds all the fake dirty text messages that I’ve been exchanging with Cuddle Bunny. That would be a PR disaster.
Red phone: The bureaus at the department that are doing what they're supposed to be doing are losing money because of his obsession.
Me: Yes, it was. First, other Ross was there, a.k.a. poor man’s Coulson. Yes, I called him that to his face.
Agent L. Barton: I read what happened. Wanda had to kill her boyfriend to destroy the stone, and then the purple asshole just brought him back and ripped the stone out of his head in front of her. Yo-Yo tried to get the gauntlet from him, and he ripped her arms off. That’s going to leave long-term scars.
“But you had hallucinations after the ocean and eventually got better,” she said, trying to reassure him.
Anthony: Sometimes I’m still typing when you’re new response comes through. I called Zephyr One to ask Agent if he would mind pretending to be you or rather Stefan for an evening.
To clarify monkey lover 2 is Leo Fitz from the main MCU timeline where everything went totally as Canon including Tony and Steve not speaking to each other. (There are few differences, such as Fitz knew that Coulson was dying a little earlier, thanks to the artwork of Robin Huntington a.k.a. baby bird a.k.a. sparrow and Quinn not getting gobbled by the gravitonium.) When the monolith blew up in episode 5.11 (timewise this is a few weeks before Infinity War during the events of Thor Ragnarok) Agent Fitz was tossed back in time nearly 2 years. Now he’s trying to keep the world from being destroyed by an unknown force. And if that doesn’t work, his goal is to keep humanity from being slaves of the Kree. Although by preventing one catastrophe does he cause another? We shall see. The new pictures of the purple alien are starting to freak him out. More to come.
FRIDAY: No, but neither is Wanda. This is why I felt that it was the most opportune time to dispatch a courier to deliver the device.
“I always believed that you believed that you were telling me the truth,” Simmons replied. “But it was always that the person claiming to be you from another dimension was an imposter. However, I wanted to believe you.”
Tony Potts: That’s what happens when you lose half your population. There’s been a lot of immigration from other countries, but there’s still a lot of space in Manhattan.
“Then team Coulson will deal with it because that is not in my wheelhouse, unfortunately. So, I’m still all yours. Although as much as I want to play with you again, I think I might need sleep first or at least a snack.”
“Multiple twin studies have concluded that schizophrenia is 50% environment and 50% genetics. My second life in the framework was most likely my trigger.” Along with what Aida did to him, but neither one of them wanted to talk about that. Again, Jemma wanted to burn AIDA to the ground.
Me: Mostly me. Do you know that I cried the entire way to the airstrip in Johannesburg? I’m jittery here without you.
Steve: Because Morgan has Tony wrapped around her little finger and he will always let her play with his phone. What was she texting Tony about?
“The other thing is, I’m worried about what will happen if I have to be Stefan Carter long-term. Because it’s not like I’m going to get Clint’s deal."
Purple Princess: I'm sure, at a minimum, he is explaining to the president that General Hale didn't actually die in a traffic accident. How much Dad actually tells the man I'm not sure. Basically, he's there for damage control. Especially with Uncle Platypus still in Mumbai doing press there.
“I’m going to go get some of the good hot chocolate, and then we are going to go into my office and you’re going to explain what the fuck is going on,” Tony said as he looked to his phone again. Peter just texted him back to let him know that they were five minutes out. Maybe they should just have a large group debrief.
Tony Potts: That’s true. Although the fact that Captain America is on antidepressants makes me feel happy in a weird way.
Red Malibu: I’ll have the jet ready for you. Or maybe the Zapper one will come pick you up. We have to get one of those
Me: Not really. Although on a happier note, Secretary Ross’s now former assistant is making the talk show circuit and it is not a pretty picture for him. These stories include him firing a senior staff member after they gained Inhuman powers.
Me: Your muscles are your most discerning feature. I can pick your washboard stomach out of the lineup of hot oily guys.
Hunter: Actual food. No cocktails to go. Unless they're virginal, and what's the point. I'll mix up some fruit juice for you at the compound myself.
Me: I am not planning on it. At least not intentionally, but cameras are everywhere now. We’ve swept for bugs twice in the last two days. Thankfully, the new travel Friday program can disable everything.
“Tony,” Steve couldn’t help but ground. He is also thankful he has his own room right now because he wouldn’t want the other Avengers to tease him about this. Sam definitely would be cracking jokes along with Nat. Bobbi would also be joining in, even though he didn’t know her that well. Robbie, he wasn’t sure.
“This is actually one I can answer. You did sell the house, but you sold it to me. The house is empty right now after the last renter left. I still have people that can get the house ready. You put their stuff in  storage, right?” Tony answered.
“So you’re definitely against that idea. I will let Jane know. And then I’ll schedule something with Laura.”
Tony: This is going to be another Pepper conversation. Actually, I better call her in case something gets leaked. You’re like the only thing I’m able to keep a secret and that’s mostly because everybody thanks Captain America is straight.
Counselor Laura: My husband also didn’t always agree with how Shield treated enhanced people even back then, so he was wary of the treaty as written. He was worried that some of those worst practices could come back.
“To help my friend. Although, I’m hoping that things will go differently and he won’t need my help.”
I kept going back and forth on if this chapter should be classified as an in-person conversation or a text message chapter because it’s a hybrid. However, since I want to keep in-person conversation chapters to a minimum, I decided to classify this as a text message conversation. Although it is the longest chapter in the story so far. It’s necessary because it’s a crucial chapter.
Counselor Laura: Phase one, group counseling, and apparently, I must be the leader until I leave. I should also find an alcohol counselor for Simmons. Tony had Steve clean out the alcohol in the lab, and it was terrible.
“Half the universe from being wiped out of existence.” Before he could make a comment about that, a portal opened in front of him. The last person he ever expected fell out onto the ground. This man should be long dead in 2091, a version of 2091 that should not even exist anymore. (Except Leo already knows time travel doesn't work that way, and that version of 2091 will still exist somewhere in the multiverse because his very existence proved this theory to be correct.) The man was wearing a futuristic suit as well as a strange watch. He looked a little older too.
BITC: I would never voluntarily sleep in the same room as Thompson, let alone bed. What was he working on?
Although now that he thinks about it, Tony made a lot of comments about their possible wedding today during the ceremony. He really shouldn’t be surprised. Jokes were Tony’s number two coping strategy, just after avoidance.
Counselor Laura from 2023: Sometimes, baby bird’s drawings don't make sense until after the fact. Then sometimes we make different choices, which means her drawings don't come true. [Redacted] sees potential timelines, not the future, as it must be. Nothing is written in stone.
T Stark: Not until he’s 18 and only if he stays fighting crime. I’m hoping we will have something better in place by then.
Anthony: So now they’re down to a Colombian national codename Yo-Yo with super speed and a pacifist with the ability to melt bullets. He would’ve been really helpful last year. Too bad he didn’t get his powers until after my massive fuck up.
Now I really want to know what happened in Russia last January. However, I’ve been warned by both Fitzes not to ask Hunter questions about his ex-wife. Apparently, their relationship is complicated.
Genius Princess: Although if you’re reading this message, then that means that we’ve at least figured out how to send text messages to 2223 of the original James Leopold timeline. I’m going to see if I can push Deke’s mission report to you as an attachment. I have no idea if I will be successful.
Tony: Already back at the New York apartment which doesn’t have kids running through it because they’re all at the compound and will be there indefinitely. Rio is watching me like a hawk even though she doesn’t start for like another week.
Tony: If all goes well we will be able to virtually make out and have it feel like we’re actually making out despite being in separate countries. And, of course, agents will be able to train and others will be able to work through their most traumatic event. But there will be making out for us, maybe even more. Bonus, I will also get to hear your sassy comments instead of just read them.
“They tell me what they’re going through, and I try to help them work through it but sometimes I feel like a hypocrite. I haven't worked through my issues. It feels like the blind leading the blind.” Steve confessed.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. This chapter takes place about two days after the last one.
Ana Jr.: I believe she was more upset about you inviting him to a wedding that was attacked by terrorists.
Anthony: Are you aware that Friday sent out a mass email to all our friends informing them that we are dating?
“Because after a night of political schmoozing, we made out like teenagers and I had to take two showers. Otherwise I would’ve done something else I did as a teenager.”
“Okay how about this. ‘So you’re probably wondering who my boyfriend is. He’s Howard’s son and Peggy’s pseudo-nephew. Yes, I’m well aware he tried to kill you about six months ago. He’s sorry about that. Did you get his apology flowers? He told me it was a nice arrangement.’”
Agent Johnson: I’m now stuck in some random junkyard with Loki of all people. Because he just had to call for it as soon as the big green sister broke Thor’s hammer. I totally was going to quake her, but he just had to call for the Bifröst.
Anthony: Of course. Rhodey just called to curse me out for nominating him for head of an agency that may or may not actually exist.
Me: It wasn’t exactly like they gave me one phone call. I’ve been picked up before. My new boss handled it.
Counselor Laura 2023: I killed somebody. You have the right to be upset about that. It's OK that you needed some space to process. I respect that.
Tony: Kevin refuses to come back to the East Coast because he and his wife have a new foster child out there, so they don’t want to relocate.
Tony: Oh Fuck, I just realized that even after my retirement, I'm going to have to participate in this annual SI event unless there is an apocalypse, and they never show up when you want them to. I’m expecting an alien invasion on our wedding day.
Tony Potts: But somehow gets Stark messaging and Instagram confused. This honestly makes me grateful that I did not go through my worst drug usage during the age of social media.
“I get it. When I discovered the truth about my dad in the shield dossier, I destroyed a punching bag. Then I cried. It probably should’ve been the other way around." Steve explained.
It is not a problem to meet at the house. I will have something catered or arrange for take-out. Then we can do science afterwards.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter; you are all so wonderful. Tony really does need to text message Laura. However, that was not just an excuse to stop going through the questions for a moment. They will finish the rest of the questions in the next section. I promise.
“Not really. I really hope that Peter, Kemal, and Lily bear don’t see that." Steve really didn’t want to see it either.
Tony: I’m hoping by that point Mama Bear will be less angry and hurt with us and be willing to switch to electronic monitoring. Otherwise, Benji will be spending weekends with shield agents. Probably Leo. She is hurt and angry and doesn’t trust us. I’m hoping it will eventually pass.
FRIDAY: I am technically the service provider to all of the electronic devices used by Coulson's team.
“I guess we never told you guys what we did last summer in Wakanda?” Afia asked the group. They all shook their head no.
Number one May: Despite being over 18 now, I don’t count Flash as an adult. He has another year of high school. Especially because Afia sent me a picture of you in bed together shirtless this morning.
SimmonsJA: Yes. Also the fact that you’d rather change the subject then talk about this also shows a lack of readiness.
Anthony: Sorry, my mistake. Seriously, Friday, you are not allowed to hang out with AIDA anymore. Keep this up and Dr. Fitz will also be on the list.
Anthony: The September Foundation creation is part of my negotiations not to end up in prison for the murder bot fiasco. That’s pure self-preservation right there.
Venom: You should because I’m perfectly OK if you want to date both of us at the same time. Just give me a week or two to recover from the idiot boyfriend.
TMNS: I’ll tell him if I ever have a boyfriend. Which may not be anytime soon because I don’t know if I should get anybody else involved in this life.
May: Clint was disappointed. He swore up and down it would be Natasha. I also found out that in the other timeline, Daisy is dating Natasha.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: I think we’re going to be doing some training exercises. Also, May is going to teach me how to drive.
Me: It’s always good to be paranoid. It was possible that my early morning guest could be a clone or a LMD. However, that possibility was disproven the moment that he threatened to tase me if I started acting stupid.
Tosha: Actually, it was vodka and not the good stuff. Probably because she drank that first. I feel like a horrible Russian.
"We have multiple times, such as when he was almost killed. It’s just different now that we’re actually in the same place for the moment, especially because we both know it’s only going to be a few days.” Possibly shorter because of Ross. However, Steve doesn’t want to say that out loud.
Tony: You’re the sweetest. Anyway, I’m texting you because you forgot to zip up the toiletry bag either last night when you went in for supplies or whenever you dropped your Aunt Peggy compass in there for safekeeping.
I had the idea to show some of Tony's get well cards/emails, but I couldn't figure out where to put it because I wanted to get to Steve and Tony talking to each other soon. However, the desire to show off more artwork won out in the end. We’re doing Lila’s card and email first and the others’ cards after Tony and Steve get some quality time. It’s been a little under two days since the sunflower incident. Both are restless.
Chief Mechanic: I'm still amazed by the fact that a job at SI is considered less stressful. The SI board is worse than Congress. Although I never missed out on fiancé fun time due to having to brief the president.
Linda Bear: We will be fine. I’m making 4 times the old salary and the kids love their new rooms at my client’s house. Send me a text message when you're back. Love you.
“Not anytime soon at least. I'm having Friday analyze the Twitter reactions to Clint coming back. So far most of its positive, but Ross is on the warpath." Which was what Tony originally thought Coulson was going to contact him about, not the Spidey thing.
Me: Trust me, I wish I could have brought Coulson instead, especially because things are so tensed between him and Purple Arrow. However, the unofficial historian of Shield needs to give a guided tour the base to several senators sometime next week to secure funding for new Shield since seizing assets from Hydra just won’t work anymore.
Me: Probably a mission to get himself killed. I can’t deal with that. I can barely afford to pay for the therapy that his babies will need to get over that and I’m a billionaire.
Melinda: To the point where the two of you are engaged one month before Thanos arrived in our timeline.
We are again in the bad timeline. This makes sense because we will have three days in this timeline before we meet back with the other timeline, only a few hours later.
"Question 30 is about the last time you cried. It asked in front of other people or privately but let's just go with crying in general. Besides, I think we both started to tear up earlier with some of the questions, which is why I decided we should take a break." Tony's babbling, but Steve finds it endearing.
“I slept with a married Congressional staffer. Although I didn’t realize he was married when I slept with him.” OK, that doesn’t match Tony’s Boy Scout image of Steve back then. Although the guy that took dick pics for his wife definitely would’ve made a mistake like that. Maybe it’s best for the world that Steve is currently married-ish.
Me: That's probably for the best. Although I'm hoping next year, the thing with the Accords will be hammered out, and I can be there with you.
“You two are so hopeless. Flirt later.” MJ said, grinning at the two from his other side. “Afia, has your dad got back to you about letting me access Daisy's suit cam and rapid Avenger reports? I can’t wait to let Daisy know that her suit records everything, despite having to do written reports.”
Nomad: You have every right to be. I’m just glad that you’re actually text messaging me again. I don’t think you’ve gone this long without talking to me in a while.
“Ok.” He agreed reluctantly because maybe he needed some space from all of this and possibly a very stiff drink.
“Not bad, maybe just not something you want to hear and Tony wanted to make sure you have emotional support.” Which explains why Tony was somewhat okay with Sam coming along.
Me: Team Coulson is not even there according to Piper. Still making use of the West Coast facilities, apparently.
Me: I thought the name of the DC football team was a racial slur? Do you think you’re going to be in DC that long?
Melinda: Loki strong or at least he behaves that way. He wanted to be a god. He killed six officers by creating shards of carbon in their lungs. He killed another guy by suffocating him with diamonds that he created from his lungs. But we had someone stronger than him. He’s gone now.
The mechanic: You are a bloodthirsty one, Leo. You should do fantastic against the board. I’m glad you’re the heir apparent.
Me: I’m not that busy with Steve, mostly because of medical restrictions and he’s such a Boy Scout that he made me respond.
Me: Why do you have these existential crisis when I’m running a mission for HRH? Also, why can’t you deal with your love life on your own?
Tony: You know I’m kind of lamenting the fact that there’s a 98% chance that the genius Princess is reading these text messages. I was kind of hoping to find out if you were willing to try text message sex now that you actually had something to visualize.
Counselor Laura: May Parker-Riley is dating one of Peter’s professors. Also, is everything really okay? Because it doesn’t feel like it is. You’ve lost a lot of people.
Anthony: What if games are dangerous. You can’t honestly believe that if you made one choice differently then, none of those things would’ve happened. Maybe some things would’ve been different, but some things could be quite worse. This is why I won’t touch time travel.
Genius Princess: This is not surprising. It's not from Shield, but from the NYPD or local child services. We are taking care of it.
Melinda: This is true. I hope that you’re eventually able to keep your foot out of your mouth long enough to give me a reason to sign the divorce papers someday.
“Exactly. Also I really want to enjoy the rest of my time with you,” Steve leaned over to kiss Tony on the forehead. “I think it would be more enjoyable if this wasn’t resting over my head.”
Counselor Laura: However, I’m very good at texting and carrying on a conversation, so feel free to keep texting me.
Melinda: That’s not what she’s doing. You know that. She stuck in her fantasy reality again. Probably with half a bottle of wine, at least.
Anthony: Well, the existence of it already got leaked to the press and not everybody is happy that I'm starting a nonprofit for inhuman/gifted children. Now I’m Watchdog target number one. Since the grand Wizard of hatemongering politicians is going to be there, Coulson thinks I need protection and Director Snookums agrees.
Me: Also, twitter has been filled with reports of him calling various female employees, sweetheart, because he can’t bother to remember their name, and unauthorized hugging.
If we’re back and done with this mission, I would like to have lunch with you. There’s some things I need to discuss that probably should be done in person. And maybe at your house instead of a restaurant. Does the Arlington house have a lab?
Also, a reminder, because it’s been a few years. In this timeline, Tony covered up Sharon’s involvement in getting Steve his shield back. Therefore she never became an enemy of the state. This happened because Tony had a very close relationship with Sharon’s mom.  This happened before the dividing line. Does that move us away from the events of The Falcon and the Winter Soldier in regards to Sharon? In a good timeline? Yes. At most, we’re getting morally ambiguous Sharon. In the mistakes were made timeline, I won’t tell. You’re just going to have to keep reading.
Chief Mechanic: I just didn’t want your husband to second-guess his choice not to go back to the other timeline or at least his decision not to find a way to get back to that timeline.
The “Me” in this conversation is Tony. Steve couldn’t wait for his boyfriend to text message him so he had to do the honors. This chapter takes place at day after the last one. It is also taking place parallel to a modified version of AOS episode 4.8. After episode 4.8, this story goes completely AU for AOS. Although, a few things from season five will be utilized. Yay, Leo. You did it.
Me: Actually, we had to take a break because I needed to take a work call. Stefan is not the type of boyfriend that lets you let those types of messages go to voicemail, because it could be the end of the world in our line of work.
Also, during the break another MCU movie came out so the 30 day rule is in effect. I don’t know if we will finish posting the rest of this story before Endgame comes out, but we shall see.
Since the draft pre-proofreading reached 2000 words by the time we got to chapter 6 of Star Trek Beyond, I just decided that it would be best to cut off their virtual date. Besides if there's a seven-year-old in the room this date will not go the way Tony wants it too. This way I avoid the ending so people don’t have it spoiled.
I love that I don’t feel lost anymore. I feel like that’s because of you. Even though I do feel like a man without a country, I feel like I still have a home with you, even if it’s not a physical place. Also I love the fact that you made me blush when I was reading through all the things you said about me. I love that you see me for who I am and that you love me for me and not what I supposedly symbolize. I just love you.
Red phone: You are a fucking moron. Why the fuck did you go in there and take on 30 guys with guns by yourself? You almost died, you sanctimonious prick.
I stand by my decision that you’re not ready for the suit right now. Maybe you will be eventually. Laura will make that call because my judgment is absolute shit. But right now, it stays locked up, especially with me being out of the country for the next week. If something happens while I’m gone, call Laura or Rhodey. Or call Sharon. You still have your phone, use it.
Me: Look, the dating someone on my team isn’t going to be a problem for the foreseeable future because Rhodey can’t deal with getting you guys back in the good graces of the UN until Shield has at least rolled out as a real agency again. That’s probably not good to happen the second Wednesday in November.
“That’s probably for the best. I’m sure he probably asked me what color underwear I’m wearing,”  Leo groused.
“Well Tony would just be mad at me despite the fact that would mean you would be in the same country as him and he could have conjugal visits.” The director joked, he thinks.
Me: No. Melinda thinks that we should send him to the Academy. They’re starting it back again, now that the agency’s being re-legitimized. They’ve never had someone as young as him in Operations, but if he’s a trained agent, at least he won’t get himself killed because of incompetence.
“Which apparently will have no food which explains why you’re feeding me now. Can Steve come to this one?" Tony asked with a pout.
Me: You’re right. That is what I would probably choose if I could be completely honest. Also not being poor would be on the list.
Me: Of course not. I want you to be Director because you won't send an 11-year-old girl to the Raft because her parents do not feel comfortable with her wearing a tracking bracelet. Time with the new boyfriend is just a bonus.
“That does help in some ways, but it makes things worse. Like why couldn’t they be us? Why did it take seven years to really even try to talk to each other.”
I’ve killed a lot of parents, not intentionally, but I did. And I had full control of my faculties at the time. If you ever comes across Wanda ask her what my weapons or rather I did to her family. I don’t think she’ll ever forgive me for that, even with the wedding present. What’s a house, when you are essentially responsible for making her an orphan?
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re all absolutely wonderful and keep me writing. And now the conclusion to our unexpected cliffhanger that I didn’t even realize that some would take as a cliffhanger.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. Now it’s time for something very different.
Me: In hindsight, I can’t help but think she was the first person to lie to me about how my parents died.
Anthony: I am always going to be allowed to do what I need to do for my company. Similarly, Shield has carte blanche to go after people that break into their secure facilities and remove weapons for black market sale.
“I can understand why your father wouldn't want to write about me dying in his arms. I don't think I want to read an account of me dying in his arms.” Peter tells the group, trying not to think about the other timeline, but it was hard.
Red phone: I’m thinking prostitution. It is the world’s oldest profession. You were cute even before your muscles got muscles.
BITC: So how hard is it being on base with Flash not knowing who you and Afia really are? Why is he even at the Lighthouse? He doesn’t live with the mechanic anymore.
Venom: The standalone Stark pad that Afia gave me didn't have the training wheels protocol in place. So, I got to see everything.
Anthony: For getting sent off to gifted kid boarding school. I always thought it was my father’s happiest day because he was finally getting me out of his hair. I wasn’t aware that three months earlier, someone tried to kill him and killed his best friend’s wife instead.
Purple Arrow: I’m not that naïve, especially because Linda is working with a five-year-old with spider powers.
“Yes, including Leo making out with Hunter. I was rooting for it, but no one wants to see their older brother making out with people,” And Fitz definitely saw Leo as his older brother, despite the fact they were genetically twins.
Friday: Your resolution to be honest with each other will only be successful if you are actually honest with one another about your true feelings for one another. However, statistically speaking, I only see a 73.2% probability that you both will do that.
I agree he may not be ready for the internship, especially with everything you work on and that’s not even considering the superhero aspect of your job. He’s been dead on his feet a lot and he quit band and he loved band. If it wasn’t for counselor Laura, he would have missed DC. Maybe in a year or two, he can do the full internship. When you get back from your trip, we can talk. Maybe we can even reschedule that canceled dinner.
“Yes, and you’re her big brother, so I wouldn’t have done that to you. You really did accidentally send the message yourself.” Ana tells him.
: Robin Hinton a.k.a “preschooler whose scribbles predict the future”. Absolutely adorable but terrified of her powers. Poor baby, lost her father a few months before me due to his gifts. See classified file for additional information.
“I don’t think that’s possible.” Because Siberia was an absolute cluster fuck. He's willing to acknowledge mistakes were made on all sides seven years after the fact, especially in light of what Ross did after the snap.
Nomad: That guy’s a jerk and a hypocrite. I hope I never run into him again. Otherwise, I may be tempted to break his self-righteous nose.
Cuddle Bunny: He could still be director of Shield. I think the organization has a long history of non-traditionally able leaders.
Tony: Especially when one kid can tell you about your past, present, and future. He wasn't exactly happy to find pictures of what looked like a threesome between him, Simmons, and the deceased Fitz. Although that doesn't seem as far-fetched now. It's been a weird few days.
Me: Good, we are building a rapport here where you only think I’m slightly crazy. And trust me, it’s okay if you don’t believe me.
So Obama was elected as president in 2008. I was originally thinking to just make him a senator who never became president, but I decided to go with this, so I hope I’m not contradicting myself now. However, his challenger in the MCU was Matthew Ellis, not Romney in 2012. Also, Obama had to deal with an alien invasion during his presidency. People were terrified and went with the other guy. So he became a one term president. It was going great until aliens fell out of the sky.
The fact that you were just one of many tools that Hydra tried to utilize to take out my father over the years makes it easier to accept the outcome. This was going to happen eventually. If not you, it would’ve been someone else. As long as Hydra stayed in the shadows, this was going to happen. You were just the weapon that was successful.
Red phone: Tell Clint that his wife is pissed because Ross has diplomatic insecurity… security and the Marines are staking out her house and following her to school.
Captain Tight Pants: I get it. Not shaving, dying my hair darker, and wearing baggier clothes has helped.
Football Hunter: Yes so awful, your Simmons didn’t go through the portal with you. Maybe she’ll come rescue you or maybe you’ll meet someone else. A little payback for her screwing hog face on the planet of the dead. You should hook up with someone while you’re here.
“Love you too.” Steve said as he tries to take off Tony’s shirt. That’s when he felt himself being pushed away from Tony. He looked up to see Tony’s assistant standing smugly in the doorway (his sources have provided him with pictures of Tony’s new associates). Tony did not seem happy to see her there. What followed was a rapid exchange in Spanish, that Steve could only make out every other word of.
“I’m not normal. I’m a futurist. If I don’t totally screw things up or the end of the world doesn’t come in the next couple of months, I will break out the engagement ring. You didn’t run away to the Princess’s house to see your BFF, so I feel like that’s progress,” Tony half joked, maybe.
“Not necessarily guilty. It was necessary and I got him the help that he needed,” Shuri explained. “I’m doing what I had to do to help him build a better future. But I’m not sure if he still trusts me.”
Melinda: She was. She saved Phil. Phil and the other two were trapped between dimensions. Friday was able to create a gateway to get them out.
Nomad: I think the candies were chosen at random after I gave them the specific allergy instructions.
Venom: Because her cousin is missing. Daisy went on a mission to Norway and didn’t come back. You’re going to have to forgive MJ for not texting you immediately. She planned to tell you once you got to your father’s, and we could all do a video call.
Me: That means he would qualify under Coulson’s criteria. Would you be willing to negotiate with him and Shield, if he was in charge of the organization?
Chief mechanic: It’s easier to read things when you’re on standby to be interviewed by people you really don’t like. Or during boring meetings. I just let snuggle bear do the talking. Your big boss was not impressed with Stevie Bear’s tells of the confederacy or their warnings. He thinks it was just an attempt to extort resources.
“I’m moving him to another hotel tomorrow anyway because I have realize that you and Happy probably shouldn’t be in the same building or maybe even the same city. I could always do it a little early.” Tony said trying to go back to unfastening Steve’s pants.
Pepper pot: Maybe when you were creating his new identity, you could have put a doctorate in there instead of just the master's degree.
Tony: It’s okay. He’s allowed to be a foster parent now—a foster parent to Flash of all people, but still a foster parent. When we were talking about that, I think I figured out how Morgan came to be.
May: Point, it’s why Shield always had in-house programs before Hydra, not just for addiction but also PTSD and depression. Andrew tried to get me into treatment after Bahrain, but I wouldn’t go.
Me: Well I'm glad they were able to prevent a Hydra weapon from getting into the hands of terrorists. Although don't you think it's ironic that an anti-alien hate group wants to buy a weapon most likely based on alien technology?
“Being a good boyfriend means I don’t put him in that position. My last boyfriend hated that I was still friends with Parker. And he didn’t know about the kiss.” Flash explained.
The Mechanic: Training and monitoring of powers. Figuring out the best way to manage your teenage superhero.
Blue phone: The news reports did not mention that the special explosive use was invented by your father.
Nomad: I think Wanda does. There was a tiny fondant Iron Man and Captain America figure making out in the corner of the cake.
Anthony: Considering I spoke to her between phone calls with the director, I hope the letters were better this time.
Red phone: Yes. Even if I’m now working on my second suit in less than 60 days because evidently I killed someone else.
"No. I promise that we will only use icers," Tony joked. "I cannot make such promises for Happy and I'm sure he's found a parking space for the rental by this point."
Tony Potts: Okay, maybe it wasn't entirely an excuse. I know from Deke and my nanny that the Simmons situation is unstable I.e. Deke tried to get her in rehab three times in the last year alone.  It must be worse with him being gone.
Football Hunter: I am already setting up the apartment. I think I’m going to like living in the compound. It’s nicer than the Lighthouse anyway. Your big screen is beautiful, and we have all the videogame consoles. And the bed is perfect for handcuffs.
Purple Princess: This is definitely a conversation for you to have with Benji when all of this stuff is not going down. We have too many alien invasions to deal with this at the moment.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. It’s been pointed out that it wasn’t completely clear so let me clarify that the ‘me’ in the last chapter was Tony. Sorry I forgot to specify.
