The water hits his face in a cascade, getting his shirt wet in the process. He lacks the energy to care, or, it seems, to remember the open wounds on his face. He hisses with the sting of cold water hitting the scrape under his eye, but it’s better than the cacophony of whatever the fuck he was feeling in Sherlock’s room the moment before.
Lestrade makes his way over to us as well, still giving enough distance for them to get to John. I let my grip of him drop as they decide to lift him onto a gurney. I follow them at an almost running speed to the ambulance.
The word safety rotted my eardrums. Safety had become synonymous with fear, with hiding away from the risks of the world and those who inhabit it. Safety was not, by any means, the life Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are meant to live. Safety was poison, was danger, was prison.
“Get off me, dad,” John says with less harshness than he intends. It comes off as a request, a whisper, a weakness.
I find John at the pool after a trail of clues left by Moriarty. It takes me a  surprisingly short amount of time, only 4 hours, and I find John alone. Conversations and apologies insue before we’re interrupted by Moriarty and Mary, side by side. John finds out all that he must. That the baby never existed, that she’s worked for Jim all along. We never do find out her real name. It’s all so simple in the end.
John never has to tell him. Or even ask. Sherlock knows. Sometimes, Sherlock always knowing things irritates him, but right now, he’s grateful. He says mindless
It was not the conviction. That was, at most, frustrating and disappointing. Conviction was expected. What brought my thoughts to a seizing halt was the description of the court’s reaction. Of how the public shouted the heavy, far too meaningful word of “Shame.” How, in this very case, Shame had been used as evidence against Wilde’s lover and himself. How the love that dare not speak its name was meant to be beautiful, a symbol of a feeling that united men like us, now turned into a weapon. It was that one of the most prominent men in London culture was shouted out of a courtroom with this very word, sent off to a maximum sentence for being “indecent.” That the judge would mock the case itself, mocking the prisoners for wasting his time.
We removed one another’s clothing, before washing our faces and clambering into bed. In the murk of the room, my husband’s eyes met mine, unblinking. His hand clutched my cheek, thumb running back and forth along it.
I realise speech is difficult when I attempt to respond, but sound won’t emerge from my lips. I submit to a nod and he gives me a small smile.
Sherlock lets out a relieved breath and moves his head back to its original position, nodding slightly.
“Could you play for me?” I say, looking away and towards the violin case placed haphazardly on the desk. He says nothing and stands, making his way over to it. No sheet music, no nothing. He just looks back at me and plays from memory.
The next morning I wake up and notice I haven’t slept so soundly in a long time. I, almost instinctively, check beside me to see that John is gone. My initial thought is that he ran off, afraid of what his sleep-ridden mind made him do. The thought doesn’t last long as I hear the sounds of someone fiddling with things in the kitchen.
Instead of knocking on his door, I walk to the tube station and hardly recall the trip back to my empty house.
There is a short nod from up above, and the curly mop of brown hair vanishes from the window sill. John takes this signal to run to the front door, and is greeted a moment later by Sherlock opening the door, quiet as possible. The two rush up the staircase and enclose themselves in the haven of Sherlock’s bedroom.
“And afterwards, on the way home, he drove us back to the house in our car and went back to Baker Street,” I keep spilling out this story. I haven’t actually told anyone about this in this way. “And I wanted to go with him.”
What they’re doing here is not what friends do, is it? I mean, it’s Sherlock and maybe Sherlock doesn’t know how friends work and maybe John doesn’t either but. John’s never heard of other people doing this with their best friends, and Sherlock’s more than just a best friend. He’s family, right? Sherlock thinks John is family, apparently. He’s a single father about to move into a flat with another single man so he can have someone to raise his daughter with. That’s not something “just friends” do, is it?
Realising he will certainly lose this fight, John turns over onto his back and looks up at his girlfriend. She has fair skin and dyed black hair, cut in a bob. They’ve been together since March, and it’s good. Normal. Normal and good.
Holmes let out a sigh from deep within his chest and stared ahead, avoiding eye contact. “Our last journey to the Devonshire countryside was a rather high stakes one; life and death being placed in the balance. I thought that perhaps we could see more of the country’s beauty and appeal outside of our work this time around.”
“If you’d like to, yeah.” Sherlock’s hand is resting on my stomach and I mindlessly run my fingers along the back of it.
“You’re not supposed to be a doctor right now,” Sherlock’s putting extra effort into being more calming than usual. He puts a warm hand on my back. My clothes start to feel real again. I guess it’s working.
Culverton Smith gets up from his seat and makes his way closer to me. He takes a pair of latex gloves and begins to put them on. “Let’s be honest, you knew exactly what you were walking into the moment you corresponded with dear Faith. You fell right into my trap. Almost on
“So? Will you… marry me, John?” he asks in an incredibly soft voice. My grin widens even more through my crying, and I nod before,
Sherlock blinks at me through a very long stillness, until, “Thank God.” It’s in a whisper, almost to himself.
By the time Holmes and myself returned to the main road of Hatherleigh, it is well into the afternoon. We made our way to the inn to have afternoon tea, and Holmes’s adrenaline off a newly solved case was clear by how quickly he walked towards our lodgings. As usual, I managed to keep up with only a stride separating us. He turned to me for a moment, walking backwards rather impressively.
Sherlock is frozen. For about 5 seconds, and then he lets out his breath in a quiet sigh. His breathing is faster than before John confessed. John can feel Sherlock’s eyelids blinking rapidly against the thin fabric of his shirt. Another leap in his chest. 20 seconds have past with no words, but Sherlock has not moved.
We spent the remainder of the afternoon sorting through each individual situation, each problem. Finally, after eating no lunch and imagining the agony of dinner being passed as well, Holmes found something. He batted the existing letter from my hand and replaced it with one he had spotted.
“Well, you’ve changed. You no longer top up your tan and your roots are showing.” Don’t know why that’s relevant. Got to be. Maybe not. “Letting yourself go?” Ooooh. I answer my own questions with 20 second latency.
“I cannot thank you enough for all you have done, sir,” she said, mumbling slightly against Holmes’s collar.
I’m hardly even paying attention to the movie anymore. I lean in and kiss him carefully, only to pull away a tad to say:
We share a hug, leave the coffee shop in opposite directions, and I stare ahead of me. It’s time to go with him.
It was not overly complicated in comparison to other plans we had created in the past, but it was the most emotionally weighted of them all. These women we did not know well whatsoever were trusting Holmes’s judgement to get them to safety. This required planned lodgings for undetermined periods of time, as well as many train journeys. I processed his words before giving any form of response.
“I am going to sit in the dining car for a bit, I think,” I said, standing and moving towards the door of the cabin. “I need some form of nourishment. Feel free to join me if you wish.”
“Look, John,” a hushed, yet enthusiastic voice prys. It’s the high voice of Sherlock Holmes, John’s best friend and a firecracker of intellect. They walk shoulder-to-shoulder through the halls, towards the science class they both love. “I found a perfect way to keep a miniature apiary in my bedroom!”
“I must admit, you are rather fascinating, my dear,” I said. His eyes met mine as he wrapped his gaunt arm across my chest, resting his head upon my shoulder.
“Course I do. Your brother has eyes around this entire city, so I’m sure Jim can manage having eyes inside Baker Street,” he says it with a nonchalance that cuts through the air.
“Why else do you think I was tossing a giant harpoon about and begging you for a cigarette right before we left for Dartmoor?” he says into my shoulder.
“I don’t want to die I—” he somehow manages to get even closer. A tear begins to fall down my cheek. “don’t want to die.”
I make my way down to the first floor and see him through the open door. He’s making two cups of tea facing the counter. I allow myself to look at him briefly before this moment of peace ceases and we have to discuss what happened last night.
The third time it happens, John wakes up from the sofa with a sore back. His bed is still upstairs after all this time (”Not like i’m gonna rent it out to anyone else, really,” Mrs. Hudson had said), so he slugs up the stairwell and falls asleep there. Sherlock feels a spark of familiarity in it, yet wishes more than ever that their bedrooms could be on the same floor. John continues to sleep there most of the time, and says nothing of it. Rosie has a crib in Mrs. H’s flat. She’s safe.
He lets out an airy chuckle and grins. “Thank you,” he says, looking at me in the eye. It’s not about the bed, but it has to be for now. He pauses for a minute before, “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“D’you want me to go back there? To my. Flat?” His reluctance to call it home sticks out like a sore thumb.
I don’t work until I do, I suppose. There’s a knock on my door after two weeks. I know the flat looks like a drug den. I don’t really care if I’m honest. But there’s a knock on my door. Client. No one else minds to knock anymore.
John is aware of these things, regardless of the fact that no one else is. All these negative thoughts fill his mind often on the first day returning to school after a weekend, but they fade when he hears a familiar voice break through.
To my dismay, he pulls away after the fleeting moment in which we crossed over the line we’ve been dancing along for far too long. I don’t let him speak first this time.
“This is worse than usual. What happened? You know you can talk to me, John,” Sherlock speaks with a delicacy John doesn’t comprehend.
“If you swear to me that you will stop using the second this is over,” I say, letting my genuine concern bubble to the surface finally. Can’t let too much of it shine. Still angry.
“John!” Mary shouts, (or maybe she whispers) cutting through the music. He removes one ear of his headphones, still not looking at her.
“Are you going to explain what this album is or just have me guess, then?” John asks with an intentional sarcasm.
The beach that day was lovely. April’s chilled winds passed through us with ease, and the ever-present English clouds overhead were rather calming. Holmes’s arm was intertwined with my own as we paddled along the shoreline. We only felt the cold beach water every other time the tide came in, and it quickly became soothing as opposed to jarring with its temperature. Our trouser legs were rolled up a bit to avoid the wetness, and everything felt at ease.
enough to be his right hand. You’ve just got money. You can’t keep your mouth shut, clearly based off all that you told to John and I in the mortuary. Moriarty never works with sloppy people too close to the vest.
I scoffed playfully and tapped his right leg with my walking stick. He chuckled softly, however a pensive expression overcame his features almost instantly. I knew what must have been causing it, so I asked the question both of us had been avoiding.
“Why’d you ask me here today?” I ask the question I know the answer to. She’s here because of him, of course.
and he kisses me again. It’s different, with both of us standing up. There’s a sense of urgency, almost, behind him being the one to instigate it.
When she catches up after two, three, maybe 100 minutes, Mary tries to place her hand on his shoulder but he jumps away from it. He hears an echo of a voice, like a distant memory of a current event. John’s eyes burn, much like his lungs.
“Lestrade, do entertain the courtesy of arresting my elder brother,” Sherlock spits out before standing up alongside me. The two of us storm out of the bleak room, my heart racing. The second we get into the sitting room of 221B, I turn to Sherlock (calmer, this time).
Sherlock responds, almost to prevent me from punching the man, “So… no signs of depression or suicidal thoughts whatsoever?”
John sees his hands shake on the table in front of him, but they feel a world away. He wants to stand up, go in his room, run away, lose consciousness, not exi—no. If he moves, perhaps the snake of a man beside him will begin to see him again. His mother—loving, misguided, wronged—sobs in the foyer while his father, no, the snake, stands in a stillness that is somehow more terrifying than his movement. James Watson grabs a bottle of beer from the fridge and goes to the living room, silent, empty, nothing.
My phone vibrates two hours later. A cup of neglected cold coffee is on the counter behind me with a half eaten bagel. Sherlock’s still sleeping. I know it’s her, and I know I have to look no matter how much I don’t want to.
Hours pass of the couple enjoying the attractions together, Mary running around and making sure John keeps up. They get fish and chips, and it’s the definition of a typical date in every way. This has become John’s idea of normalcy, and it works, he thinks. Well, it works until it doesn’t. Looking up from his food, John freezes. A wave of panic washes over every muscle, every cell in his body.
but I feel the world crashing down before me as each minute ticks by on the clock. I have to get out of here, now.
“John,” I speak softly. He doesn’t respond. “John, wake up,” I say in a fuller tone. It’s not working.
“John,” I mumble close to him. Just saying his name is enough to ground me. I place my hand on his shoulder. “John, what do I do?”
He adjusts a bit so their faces are on the same level. They are looking each other in the eye, and John feels electricity surge through his entire body. “From the very start, John. Always.”
“I am going to request that Miss Bennett and her companion meet us here to discuss the more delicate details of our current plan,” he announced passively. “I will be back within the hour after sending the telegram, in time for tea. I would ask you to join me, however the sight of the both of us together raises the risk of public recognition by at least thirty-five percent. Do you require anything from the main road?” I knew it marred him to say this, but it was not untrue. Still, he placed a comforting palm upon my shoulder as he spoke and I smiled up at him. I placed a small kiss upon his knuckles before covering them with my own.
“Thank you,” he mumbles while placing his bowl in the sink. He turns away as the words spill out of his mouth and escapes to his room before I can express my gratitude back.
Political cartoons adorned the front page, mocking both sides in the least subtle form of subtext. Only a few paragraphs in, I decided I could no longer take it. I folded up the offensive article and shoved it into the desk in the parlour. Holmes emerged just then from his study, instantly spotting me in an irritable state.
Rather than expressing my rage before my solemn lover, however, I simply said, “Then it shall be so.”
And I breathe. It’s a relaxing breath that, when I exhale, releases 5 years of waiting. 5 years of anticipation. 5 years of Not-Having-John's-Lips-On-Mine time that I cannot get back.
“I suppose you are right,” I admitted solemly. For the remainder of our walk towards Hatherleigh, we said nothing.
“Yeah, I did,” he lies. Harry (short for Harriet), John’s twin sister, gives him a look. She heard it too.
My partner allowed a sigh to leave his lips, eyes remaining closed. I knew the cause of his silence. If one woman at the post office could cause such a fuss so quickly over our mere presence in Wembury, then it would not take much time for our location to become public knowledge. If that occurred, we would instantly be at risk for discovery and questioned as to the cause of our occupance. Once we revealed no true reason other than a holiday, we would then become temporary staple figures of the town. The more individuals knew of us, the more risk there was of sources in London realising our escape.
“N-no, er, not that I know of. She was always a happy girl, really. Always hardworking and independent. Truly horrible, what’s happened. Got to manage and keep going, though.”
“Shut up. I’ll be at the hospital in 20 minutes.” Hang up. Grab my coat. Put on scarf. Run downstairs. Battle stations. Let’s go.
and twiddles his thumbs. “Well, er, now that you’re awake I should, erm, I should probably go home.”
I peek up from my vows, trembling slightly to see Sherlock with tracks of wetness falling down his cheeks. The room is silent save for the rustle of paper and the sniffles of everyone around. I smile at him, wiping away his tears, and wait for him to calm himself enough to take his words out of his pocket and say them aloud. He swallows and releases a shaky breath.
There are aspects of his father’s personality that John understands even less than he misunderstands the rest. One of these aspects is his obsession with the holiday season. When there is snowfall, evergreen trees, and tinsel, James Watson relishes in it. Christmas music plays on the record player in the living room most of the day, at least on a low volume, and it has led to a rather intense hatred of the often beloved holiday for John. The performative nature of it, the presents, the forceful way in which his family wants to spend time together all of a sudden. He hates it. So, it’s rather fitting that when the last guest from Christmas Eve dinner leaves on this fateful night, Mr. Watson turns to his daughter and asks a boisterous question.
“Why didn’t you call Mycroft or Molly or… anyone else?” They’ve gotta be more useful than me at this point.
An exasperated sigh, and then, “Alright… thank you.” It’s the closest to an expression of gratitude that James Watson is capable of, but John can just imagine the noxious look he shoots Sherlock as the door shuts.
Figuring out that Magnussen worked for Moriarty was one of the easiest threads to tie. Almost too perfectly sensical. Almost too logical. Of course, why wouldn’t he use a press giant with no moral code? The pieces of some horrifically twisted puzzle I thought were long over and solved. For the first time, the work is lacking the fun and passion it once had. Perhaps it’s because
There is a slow, and then there is a damp spot on John’s cheek that he can’t place as tears until they drop in his lap. Worst of all, though, there is a palm on John’s shoulder, warm, soothing—
After a few moments of silently lying there, about to doze back off again in the comfort of this situation, John feels Sherlock shift above him and his breaths become faster and shallower. He’s waking up.
The chirp in Mary’s voice grates against his eardrums like nails on a chalkboard. Every syllable feels like his brain is being put through a shredder. He grabs his Walkman out of his jacket’s inside pocket, with his favourite cassette sealed within and rewinds it. The cassette was for one of the artists he didn’t advertise on his jacket to the public. Few people even knew he owned this tape. He put the headphones on and skipped over the first song, as was customary for him at this point. The second song bursts through his ears, soothing the rattling in his chest.
We’re at a crime scene for a particularly unexciting  case, Sherlock explaining principle to Lestrade. Most of it goes over my head, but I listen to what I can.
I hate myself for wanting to be with Sherlock. I hate myself for being too caught up in myself to be able to go into the delivery room for longer than 45 seconds. I hate myself for drinking away the pain into a numbness. I hate myself for hating my wife. I hate myself for not caring how she’s reacting to all of this. There’s no part of me that does not feel a pure loathing towards myself. I feel empty.
“I will have to wire Miss Bennett the code word,” Holmes announced in the early afternoon. “Do you wish to accompany downstairs to send it?”
John lumbers up the stairs ahead of me (I wanted to keep an eye on him so he doesn’t fall) and we trickle into our flat.
? He hasn’t seen me in three weeks. How could anything I do be contagious to him. The scar on my sternum aches.
I know what I wish he would say, and I know what I expect from him. Time seems to stop as I wait for which one it will be.
The question visibly takes him by surprise. I’m sure he expected me to leave it, eat my toast with marmite, and move along with my morning. I’m sure he expected me to do what’s always expected. But I can’t keep tiptoeing like this.
I try to laugh, ultimately letting out a breathy open-mouthed sigh. “Y-yeah. That’s, er, that’s fair enough.” It’s a truth I know I can’t fight.
There is a case with these busts of Margaret Thatcher being smashed all over London. Reminds me of that case John and I had after The Woman business with that other Thatcher bust. It was painfully boring. As I solve this new case I realize that in the other one was probably the overbearing girl best friend who did it and she framed the victim’s boyfriend for it. Homophobia. Framing. Maybe that old case was more interesting than I thought.
He sighs, and tired eyes meet mine. “At least everything is finally over, and we can start this,” he replies, reaching out to touch my arm.
“... Apiary?” Miss Bennett said singularly. I elected not to make any conclusions based solely on the strange statement, and continued to listen to Holmes’s response.
This fic has quite a few time jumps, and I wanted to specify that this takes place before the events of Chapter 2.
So, yeah, me and Sherlock. Sherlock and I. Just the two of us, against the rest of the world, right?
“Murder castle, but done right. I have a question for you. Why are you here? It’s like you walked into my den and laid down in front of me.” His vocal quality is not unlike a snake.
I wished to comfort him somehow, to be capable of finding the words to soothe his worried mind. But, if I could not calm myself, there was no possibility for me to assist him. I looked to my right to see that the curtains of the parlour windows were open, revealing the empty field outside. The darkness outside seeped into our rooms as the dim lights from within leaked into the open air. My impulses compelled me to pull away from my lover, rushing over to the windows to close the curtains, as if I was concealing the rest of the earth from our light. Anxiety rose and fell within my chest, and I turned back to Holmes once more, seeking the comfort of his presence.
“But you saved me time and time again, not only from myself, but in every way, all the time. You sacrificed more than anyone ever should to keep me from harm, and I’m sorry it took me so long to see that.
I understand his hesitation. Hell, if I were in his position I would have more than enough reasons to doubt what I’m saying. I’ve tried my hardest to hide myself through trying to be
Kissing Sherlock Holmes is an electric buzz that shoots through my body. It’s waking up after half a decade of being half asleep. It is nothing and everything at once, a singularity in my life the rest seems to revolve around. Kissing Sherlock is flames of passion and waves of relaxation in one fell swoop. Kissing him is everything I’ve ever needed.
“We should get some rest,” I said with a hoarse, unused voice. Holmes nodded, and we made our way to the bedroom with our hands intertwined.
Also, please feel free to pick my brain about timeline stuff literally any time at all, it's my favorite topic of canon theory ever.
apologising for, really? I close my eyes and let the simple “sorry” be enough. It’s only the bare surface of what we need to talk about, but it’s okay for now.
The three of us head out the door, out of the flat, and Mycroft has left the car outside. His new-found (or maybe not so new found. Necessary?) faith in my ability to take care of his brother is both strange and comforting.
Holmes turned his head to face me and frowned. He took his time before any kind of response escaped his lips.
But there Sherlock is, facing the windows that open up to the busy (and rainy) streets of London, playing his violin. I lean against the threshold of the kitchen leading into the sitting room and watch him. He must have heard me wander in, so he turns to me and smiles, continuing to play the chords. Music fills our home together as light rain falls outside.
Sherlock sighs reservedly, “I ca-,” he stumbles, “I can’t say for sure, but I’m his target. He’ll find me when he wants to.”
When I reach out to touch him, and my right hand wraps around his shoulder and my left clasps his arm, the foundations shift beneath me.
Holmes’s nerves were clearly worsening the more she spoke—not to any fault of her’s—so I decided it was my time to take over and slowly move us out of the post office.
“It’s painfully early,” I say, trying not to startle him. Sherlock must know I’m awake, but even still.
We’re having a group of neighbours over and I’m realizing how bloody boring small talk is when it’s all you’ve been doing the entire day..
John rips the letter in pieces, the envelope too, and chugs yet another beer, throwing it violently in the garbage can. He stomps his way to the kitchen, no, the liquor cabinet, grabs the first spirits he can manage to find, and drinks it until the burn is too much for him to handle. Reluctant to stop, John closes the lid again and manages to put it on the counter. Now fully beyond gone, he stumbles up to his room, half-crawling up the stairs. John lands in his bed with a
Moriarty had done many things both Sherlock and I were unaware of over the years. We’d had much of them laid before us, but apparently there was one final piece to the web we had to learn of last.
Later, I get a knock on my door and a phone call at the same time, both from Mrs. Martha Hudson. It’s surprising how long she’s stayed away, actually. Probably here to demand that she make me tea or something.
“I will have Mycroft forward all existing case requests from outside of London to this cottage. We can select a fitting one from there,” he stated blankly. It felt clinical and wrong. He wasn’t crawling for a case like he was known for in this moment. He was enjoying the calm and lack of any storm whatsoever. I could sense his serene mood and it warmed my heart. His fear was tearing that contentment from him.
idea how lucky you are?” He really doesn’t get it, does he? “Yes, she’s a lunatic, she’s a criminal, she’s
“Go ahead and wash up, John. I’ll have a cup of herbal tea ready for you when you get out, yes?” Violet offers, looking back to John and her son with a warm smile.
Jim was responsible for the majority of the cases Sherlock and I ever took. The fact that Janine is his sister, placed in close quarters with Magnussen to keep tabs on him. The fact that James Moriarty managed to manipulate and control the largest aspects of Sherlock’s (and my) career, only allowing the parts he wanted to bubble up to the surface.
“Do you ever look in the mirror and want to see someone else?” she asks, as if she knows my answer must be yes. She’s not allowed to know that.
I sigh, and let go of his arm. “Fine. Go. Tell me what I need to do.” I still feel like I’m suffocating and realise it wasn’t the car that did it. I look back to Mary and gesture mindlessly for her to follow inside. I keep forgetting she’s here.
Marriage was not part of my “plan.” Granted, my plan often didn’t extend past the next morning most days until I met John. Now, however, it seems as if doing absolutely anything but living the rest of my life by his side would genuinely kill me.
No words I could possibly muster would even begin to mend the situation at hand, so the best effort I thought of was to remove the space between us and pull the man I love into a warm embrace. I wound my arms around his thin torso and buried my face in the crevice of his neck and shoulder. He reciprocated, wrapping his wiry arms round me. Our chests rose and fell with one another, and I knew Holmes required no words to understand my message. Stroking my back slowly, he spoke once more.
“You know that… this is it for me, right? I’m not going anywhere after this,” I say it because I can’t seem to keep anything in anymore.
He pulls me into a kiss and everything is weightless and wonderful. “You’re my boyfriend,” he says playfully. I feel like a giddy teenager, talking like this with him. But the innocence of it is incredibly refreshing given our track record.
“No, I suppose not,” I said, returning to my senses moments later. “Am I truly incorrect in my statement, though? Miss Bennett is extremely intelligent. She conducts herself as the composed, proactive member of the duo, yet we saw clearly from our interactions today that she is the more emotional of the two. She craves city life, and helped perfect this brilliant plan of yours. Is it so ridiculous to suggest that you may have sympathised with her due to your own personal experiences?”
no taxi waiting in the street outside. That’s what I checked when I went to the window. And you’ve got all the way to the door and not made any move to phone for one, and
I walk over to the table from the landing and rather than sitting across from him, I sit beside him. The tea is still too hot, but I sip from it regardless to give my hands something to do. John is the first to speak. He stares in front of him.
“What about all of the men like us in London and across the country that can’t afford to go into hiding?” I asked.
We were on the train to Hatherleigh in Okehampton, Devon, and throughout our entire journey, Holmes had a nervous composition. An apprehensive air surrounded him, and after a few moments of being lost in thought, he would grasp onto my pinkie finger. It was as if I anchored him somehow. I hoped for more signs that all was well in his mind, some verbal response, perhaps. Instead, I simply received a chilled hand against my own.
Nightmares for John are much like the weather, or needing to take a piss, or aging. A constant, neverending force that is impossible to remove from his human experience. Sometimes they force him awake in a cold sweat, but even then, it feels much like clockwork.
“W-well, er, well,” Greg stumbles. “Let me… erm, get the rings here.” He pulls them out of his pocket and hands them to the both of us.
She turns to me with a bit of surprise, but then her posture eases and her smile returns, “Thank you, Sherlock.”
reaches the window, and by almost… it hit the tree behind him. Deep breath, closes his eyes for a moment, picks the spot he’s going to aim, and finally he’s successful. The smallest of the pebbles hits the paned glass above the opening with a
I shut my eyes for a moment and turn to him, but I can’t look at him for longer than a few milliseconds. I’m looking down when he grabs my hand again. He’s still warm like the night before. My heart may burst out of my chest.
Molly tells me she has a date with Stella Hopkins from Scotland Yard one day while working on things at the lab. I take a moment to smile and congratulate her.
“Thank you for the other night,” I break through the empty air with a hammer. “I haven’t heard you play since…”
“How have you been? After… everything,” she asks. It’s well meaning but sounds like something a therapist would ask and I don’t have an appointment for another 4 days. I readjust in my seat, take a deep, shaky breath, and shallowly sip from my too-hot coffee.
Quickly, though, he realizes the far more embarrassing part of this situation. He’s lying on his back, and Sherlock is half on top of him. His right arm is wrapped around Sherlock’s torso, tight, and his head is nuzzled against John’s chest with his right arm around John’s front. They must have accidentally ended up this way after they fell asleep. John initially panics, thinking of Sherlock’s potentially visceral reaction and what might come of it.
“I’d love to. Yes. I’d like to come home.” John smiles up at him from the sofa (Sherlock’s sat at his chair) and Sherlock can’t help but smile back. Home, John said. 221B is home. “We’ll figure it out.”
“A couple rocks can’t take me down that easy! Please, you know I’m stronger than that,” John says, dismissing the obvious shock on his friend’s face.
Then I wake up screaming and shaking violently and try to shove my face far enough into the pillow that maybe my breath will magically stop needing to escape my lungs.
“May I suggest a morning walk along the brook nearby? Or are you utterly opposed to any departure from our bedroom today?” he jested. I returned a small chuckle, landing my forehead against his in the process.
John re-enters his body with a jolt of realisation and a spark of a familiar feeling he has ignored for far too long. Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder is simple, something any friend would do to another who is crying on their bed in front of them. But somehow, Sherlock’s comforting palm is infinite in its danger and endless in its intensity. It does not feel like a friend’s consoling touch, but more akin to sharp, piercing start to something terrifying. If he meets Sherlock’s eyes, his own might just burn.
His expression was empty as he met my eyes. Despite his predictions, it was clear he was more affected than he anticipated. The silence surrounding us grew, black and vast and entangling both of us in its mist. But, my muscles were finally able to break through the stupor, and instinct took over. I wrapped myself around him, overcome with a need to be near him. He responded instantly, our breaths synced and anxious.
“I’m magnificent for making you tea? Really, John, I must hope your praises are not as easily gained as the public jests,” he replied, somewhat tauntingly. After the sentences exited his mouth, however, he leaned forward to place a gentle kiss upon my lips. A grin formed on my face, knowing he had accepted my complement. He pulled back afterwards, took a small sip from his cup, and made his way to the sofa in the parlour. I followed and sat beside him, our sides touching.
I awakened to see Holmes curled into a semi-circular shape, mirroring my own position. His right hand laid on the mattress, and I could not help but place my hand over his. After a few moments of soothing silence, drifting in and out of sleep, I felt Holmes’s fingers curl around my palm.
He runs so fast that Mary’s attempts to catch up are near impossible. He runs, and runs, and runs, until his lungs burn and ache with a fire that he knows only too well. He runs until he does not run anymore. Until he collapses on the concrete pavement, in front of a building of some sort. Even as he falls, all John can see before him is not the street signs or his legs or people passing by. All he can see is a crying, curly haired boy, sitting on the floor as John’s father screams across the house. He cannot feel the burning in his lungs so much as he instead feels the blood streaming out of his nose and mouth from where his father’s fist met his skin. John cannot move, he just curls into himself on the ground, hyperventilating.
We decided, after over a month of deliberation, to hold the ceremony in the (actually tidy/partially cleared out) living room of 221B. Lestrade, Molly, and Stella helped us move the sofa up to my old bedroom, along with the coffee table, extra chair, small bookshelves, and the desk. It took multiple days, but Sherlock and I managed to decrease the level of clutter by quite a bit. All that remains is the lighting fixtures and our respective chairs. They’re leaned up against the built-in bookshelves, but we felt it was important for them to remain.
“Well,” he began with confidence. “Physically escaping the Bennett home is not the difficult part here. While Abigail’s mother may object to her leaving for London, she placed no restraint on the action itself. The young women can, quite easily, leave the Bennett mansion without issue, unless circumstances have changed since the writing of this letter. The complicated part then becomes that I am her London contact, but am not in London and will not be for an undetermined amount of time. I could not justify sending two women to a city they are unfamiliar with, to lodgings they have never seen, without being present myself. It simply would not be right. Additionally, it may be safer for the two of them at the moment in comparison to us, but that does not mean the climate of London’s justice system is in any way welcoming as of late. How can I, especially given my remote location, insure their safety when ours is so clearly in danger?
We wrote our own vows. I started trying to get them down less than a week after I said yes, and I found myself erasing bits and adding others still last night. How do I articulate exactly what he means to my life in words? I try, regardless. We step in front of the fireplace, Lestrade facing the remaining 7 guests sat in the chairs with his speech in front of him. Molly stands off to the side, holding a small bouquet of flowers. I take Sherlock’s hands in mine and stroke my thumb along his knuckles to relax him.
He stops himself, takes a breath, and realizes that John is curled mostly into a ball at this point on the far left side of the bed. ⅔ of the bed are completely clear. Sherlock sighs in relief,
My life has been defined much by what my senses experience. I use my visual and audible and tactile senses for the work I do everyday. My deductions rely on me to be able to see, hear, smell, touch (and sometimes taste) the world that surrounds me. I have experienced my senses while high on cocaine, morphine, various other opiates. I’ve been drunk, and seen what the world was like with alcohol masking it. I’ve experienced being touched in (most) ways through hugs, kisses on the cheek from my mother and Mrs. H, pats on the shoulder, hands running through my hair. I’ve received 195 bee stings in my life. I’ve smelled Mrs. Hudson’s various pies, biscuits, and cakes. I’ve been burned, beaten, shot, kidnapped, whipped, stabbed. I had thought it was highly unlikely for there to be a sense I could not predict or had not felt myself.
He reached into the inner pocket of his jacket and revealed the small envelope in which the telegram was concealed. He broke the seal upon it, and opened it up to read.
“N-no, it’s fine, I just. Rosie has a crib here, you barely work at the surgery anymore except when they call you in every now and again, you’re sleeping here, I just thought that. I dunno, maybe you—” words are difficult.
“I’m sorry,” falls out of my exhausted mouth. I’m not quite sure what I’m apologising for but it feels necessary. What am I
INTENSE TW: physical abuse, graphic physical violence, homophobic slurs, violent homophobia, alcoholism, and verbal altercations. Please please tread lightly with this chapter, specifically at the beginning. It gets rather intense, and I don't want anyone reading past a point they feel comfortable.
Our eyes are closed, holding each other in the broad daylight of this sitting room, curtains allowing beams of sunlight to peek through and hit against us. He is solid and beautiful and everything I never thought was possible to have 23 years ago.
“It was nothing. I just… freaked out for a second. It’s fine. Let’s go somewhere else,” he responds, standing up and taking his bag from Mary’s hands. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” There is no genuinity behind his words.
“Not sure, actually,” I shrug, have to seem like I don’t care. “Probably just noticed something.” I notice there’s
As I get home, the flat is oddly quiet. I open the door to the sitting room and I hear violin begin to play. I know it’s Sherlock, but it can’t be live since his violin is gently placed on the cleared coffee table with a piece of sheet music tucked underneath it. I look at the title and it says:
In all of it, we were lucky enough to have protective eyes in high places through the turn of the century, and we are now secluded enough in Sussex that it is safe to publish cases once more. It is impossible to deny, however, just how deep the roots of fear became in the years after Wilde’s imprisonment.
“What are you talking about, ‘too far gone,’ what’s happened?” There’s an anger that fills up my chest to the brim and I hate how selfish the anger is.
“Perhaps the surface of their identities are not the same, but it is difficult to deny the similarity in personalities. And, I did not say you were Pepper.” This sentence drew a gasp partnered with a theatrical expression from the man beside me. I could not help but allow a laugh to escape my lips.
“Wilde’s case is making certain that my mind shall not be at ease even once until it has all mulled over, it seems,” said I.
“What’s all this for?” I ask softly. Sherlock walks a bit closer to me and takes my hands in his. He can’t seem to look at me in the eye, but that’s all right.
“That is what you believe? I saw myself in a servant girl, in love with her employing family’s daughter?” He scoffed dismissively, awaiting my response.
“I’m not gonna run along behind you like a loyal dog while you solve yet another petty crime, Sherlock,” I spit.
“Not if I make you my husband first,” I tease. He grins into the next kiss and I wonder if we’re ever going to get out of this bed and into our suits.
Outside the window, summer breeze blows, coming from the west. Our words are carried with the air, wrapping around one another.
“We must find ourselves a case, Watson.” The melancholy overtaking his tone was the most shocking aspect of what he said. The words themselves, I had heard many times before and would hear many times after. But the tone, the sadness behind the clause haunted me.
Sherlock lets out another sigh and sinks into John. It’s still early in the morning and they’re both being pulled down by their own sleepiness and comfort. John feels his heartbeat quicken and he swears he can hear it in his ears. He’s
“More than a bit, I’d say,” I reply, trying to push it off. We both try to laugh and it falls away after a moment.
I removed my clothing, adorning myself in comfortable pyjamas before I lay down on our bed. I watched as Holmes wet his hair in the water basin, removing the oil from his curls, and put his own sleepwear on when he was finished. As he closed the wardrobe and turned to get into our shared bed, a knowing smile grew on his lips.
“I never stopped, John,” amazement in his tone, amazed he can actually say it. They hold each other unbearably close.
“Well, of course, it must be! Bah, I should leave you to it then, gentlemen. Wembury is happy to have you!” She shouted the last bit to us as we escaped out the door.
This chapter is rather heavy, and the next won't be any different. It's always darkest before the dawn, right?
“This is no laughing matter, John!” His upset was entirely superficial, thereby adding to my amusement.
This project is fully and completely done now, which is incredible to me. I could've have done it without the endless support from Finnen and River throughout the process, assuring me that the work I was doing shouldn't just be deleted all in one go.
Before he can let his mind wander too far, John snaps himself back into it in a rather unfortunate manner, by slipping on one of the rocks he’s been standing on to throw his ammunition. He hits his head on a few smaller stones submerged in the water behind him, with a resounding
Upon leaving his house, John was feeling exhausted. Like all the toxicity within its four walls sapped all possible energy he could have. But now, he's sitting next to the most brilliant person he knows, his best friend, listening to a new album that doesn't yet hold all of his emotions within its beats, and an intensity spreads through him that made the idea of sleep sound impossible right now.
“You don’t have to walk on eggshells around me, Sherlock,” I say gently. I let this bout of bravery overcome me and I reach out to touch his hand across the table. Just slightly. Not enough to suggest too much. His body stills, and he looks down.
John’s eyes flicker open and he feels warm. Safe. Comfortable. Before he notices anything else, he notices the light of the morning seeping in through the small window in Sherlock’s bedroom.
Finally, Sherlock turns his head to look at me. “You stayed.” There’s a tinge of surprise in it, as if he didn’t expect me to be here. He told me to go back to Mary after all of this. After nursing him back to health and dressing his wounds and sleeping in 221B for a month. Does he truly think after all of that I’m even capable of being anywhere else?
“Could we,” Sherlock starts and retreats for a second. “Maybe, er, stay like this? Just for a minute.”
He takes a deep breath, pushes his pillow up closer to his ear, and shuts his eyes. He thinks sleep is impossible, but exhaustion eventually overtakes him.
John’s about to doze off on his chair again before Sherlock finally says, “You’ve been sleeping here more than you have been at your own flat, John.” His sleepy eyelids look up as his brow slowly furrows in confusion.
Before he can see what he’s doing, John’s fist plunges into James’ stomach, sending the venomous figure onto the floor with a drunken stumble.
“Good morning, my love,” I reciprocated. It was simple, yet so full of feeling and depth. Only our hands and knees marked points of contact between us, and yet there was a constant energy shared, as if we occupied the same space, the same life. Holmes inched nearer to me, draping his arm over my waist to caress my back. I eased my way closer, allowing him to hold me tighter. I pushed my heavy eyelids open to greet his soft blue-grey irises, and I felt utterly calm.
The thoughts of her in the nursery and walking in the park still sit in my mind throughout everyday.
It’s satisfying and relieving only for a moment until we’re both on the floor and John’s blood is on my hands. He’s been in danger too many times in one day. My body goes into overdrive and I have to remind myself to breathe.
John inches his hand towards mine and decides to covers just my fingers with his own. Much like the conversation we had a few weeks back in the kitchen. The rest of the room is chilled, but his hand is warm and welcoming.
Holmes took his hands to a steepled position under his chin and shut his eyes. He leaned back against the deep green fabric of the seat and said nothing. I took that as an appropriate answer, and made my way to the dining car.
“The further Watson and I travel from London, the more reason the city’s populace will suspect our dual nature. Hundreds of Uranian men are packing their bags, taking the next boat train available to France to avoid the horrifying dangers of the Metropolitan Police. By following the rest of our society, we instantly give yet another hint to those outside of it. As a public figure, I simply could not risk that,” Holmes asserted. The more I contemplated it, the more his reasoning made sense. In planning this London escape, our lodgings have never breached the confines of the nation, so as to make certain that we were not avoiding the most powerful forces within it.
Hospital rooms have become a common place for John and I to end up, it seems. Always me hooked up to an IV and him slouching over a stiff chair beside me.
I am SO sorry for the long wait. At the start of October, I got a new job, and was just beginning rehearsals for a production I was part of, so my schedule until recently has been crazy. My theatre work is done for now, and work has steadied, so I'm able to carve out time for this fic. I know this chapter isn't long, which I am also apologetic for, but I hope you all enjoy it. This fic is a great comfort for me and I love writing it.
It’s quite a sight to see, in fact. The diagram depicts a system in which the bees may roam freely outside the window, and yet still be accessible indoors. Sherlock is more of a theoretical inventor at this stage rather than a legitimate one, but the sheer thought behind it is astonishing.
Holmes remained in the study for some time. I had long finished my coffee and toast, was already dressed for the day, and was occupying my mind with the morning paper when Holmes finally emerged from his study with the folded letter, addressed and sealed within a simple envelope.
Mary was dressed in her typical attire, black, knee-length cashmere dress, black tights, and, of course, black creepers. Summer was the time the two of them were allowed to express themselves in the way they wished to, and this little day trip to Brighton was a perfect opportunity.
The trail of items go on to tell the best story I could manage of how we got from the beginning to the present. It leads him into what is now our bedroom, where I’ll be waiting.
We adjust to the cottage, to living in Sussex, just a ten minute walk from the beach. We spend our days existing in a peace that neither of us suspected we would be allowed. I glance at the rings adorning our left hands as we walk along the side of the ocean, and even this seaside feels like home with him next to me.
“I’ve been out of the house more in the last 24 hours than I have been in the last month. I hadn’t gone more than 6 hours without a drink until you pulled me out on this case yesterday so. I should thank you. I didn’t know I needed a distraction.” Oh. “So I’m sorry, okay?”
“John.” Sherlock turns around, bringing a cotton pad dampened with alcohol up to his friend’s cut lip. John pulls away.
“Please,” I whisper and shut my eyes for a moment before forcing myself to open them again. I keep all my focus on him and making sure he makes it to the hospital without bleeding out.
“John, erm,” he stutters. I think I may know what he’s about to say to me, but I have to be certain.
Suspicions related to Holmes and my own true nature were not uncommon—nor unfounded—by 1895. We had been working together for over fourteen years by that time, and whilst the public believed I was married for the late 1880’s and early 1890’s, I was in fact just living within Baker Street. We managed to keep it under wraps the majority of the time, however I was involved in far too many cases to be a believable married man. Ever since Holmes returned from his hiatus after his encounter with Professor Moriarty in Switzerland, it became public knowledge that my wife—despite her fictitious nature—had passed on. By 1895, many people wondered why I had not remarried. Our escape during Mr. Wilde’s trial was not simply out of hypothetical danger, but due to a genuine rationalisation of true suspicions.
“By the power vested in me by the United Kingdom, please, for the love of God, kiss each other,” he says after we spend just a bit too much time staring at one another.
The train ride is uneventful, and as they arrive in Brighton, the streets are bustling with families and students along Palace Pier. Mary grabs John’s hand, and leads him to the new Twister ride with no hesitation. His hangover is still lingering a bit, but not enough for him to resist the thrill rides.
“Was it because everyone in this house knows without even having to look at me? Because you lot always know everything about everyone all the time and you’re always aware of everyone’s business even if they don’t want you to be?”
Sherlock complies, handing the gift over with a grin. John rips the gift-wrap off with gusto, unveiling a denim jacket, lined with green tartan.
There’s a pause in the air as I realise I have to pull out my speech from my pocket and begin this. I do, and I look up again to see Sherlock patiently waiting for me with loving eyes.
I didn’t plan for this to be a love letter of sorts, however it’s sort of turned out that way. I’ve gotten to a point, though, that I don’t have to hide this anymore.
I hum approvingly in response, letting my eyes flicker shut in the comfort of his hold. “John?” I say after a while.
“Sherlock…” he shout-whispers underneath the first story window. Nothing in response. Instead, he listens closer only to hear a melody he vaguely recalls. It’s something Sherlock played for him one night, by a band he likes.
“Hey, look at me,” he coaxes gently. I stare at him for a moment when, “I want to ask you something, okay?”
After the fourth beer, John decides he may as well open it. He cuts the envelope with a delicacy that is rare to find in someone four drinks in, but he manages it nonetheless. Inside is two pages of loose-leaf lined paper, marked with nothing but the handwriting John knows (knew) so well.
“HE ALMOST DID KILL US, MYCROFT!” I scream, standing up now in my own fit of outrage. “HE TRIED MORE THAN A DOZEN TIMES!”
The process of moving John back in goes fairly smoothly, and they avoid the question of where John and Rosie will sleep for as long as possible. So much so that they are bringing some of John’s extra things into Sherlock’s room (more space) and John lies down for a moment after a long day of hauling things into 221B, only to accidentally fall asleep. On Sherlock’s bed.
“I’m gonna make you my husband today,” Sherlock declares, lips almost touching my own. I bridge the gap, tenderly sharing an existence.
“Fine. Then you won’t,” she says, with a surface level emotionlessness that John sees through in milliseconds. She turns away from her father, makes her way upstairs to get her bag, and in less than two minutes, Harry Watson is out of the house, out of this broken idea of family. Catherine shouts after her to stay—they’ll work it out, they’ll talk about it—but her pleas are ignored.
John pulls out the small single-cassette player and waves it at his friend, proceeding to put the cassette inside. The music begins, a distinct, punk beat enters John’s ears, and as he always does when listening to music like this, he feels energized.
The door of our cottage shuts to leave the two of us in our cozy but wonderful sitting room; alone in our new home. I wrap my arms around him, pressing my lips to his forehead.
“Yes, they’re probably very active at the moment,” I reply. We detach from one another just enough for me to take my husband’s hand and lead the two of us into the garden of our new home. I show him the bees, buzzing and lively as ever, making sweet honey at all times because they cannot do much else. I find that John reminds me of bees.
“There’s… one last thing with all of this that I’m not quite sure of,” Sherlock says with a nervousness that I thought was completely dissipated since Moriarty’s death.
“Even if all intellectual and homosexual society rebelled, the government will still put him in prison.” He pauses for a moment. “In fact, the only object protecting us from the same fate is my abilities. If, at any point, Scotland Yard decided I was no longer useful to their case work, or the British government no longer cared for my assistance, we would be put in a trial just the same.”
The dining car was rather empty, as was the train overall, since we had yet to reach the first stop. I ordered myself a brandy despite the early hour of the day, and I was thankful for the lack of questioning by the waitress. I sat in my own contemplative silence for quite some time, gradually taking sips from my glass. I found myself thinking of an alternate London, much different than our own. One where the public would scoff at the thought of putting someone on trial for their sexual behaviour, where men and women like myself and Holmes could live at peace. Perhaps, in this alternative London, happy partners could show their affection outside of the confines of a private home, brothel, or bathhouse. The idea warmed my soul, regardless of how foolish it may be.
“I mostly enjoy watching your reactions. The way how, despite seeing them dozens of times, you manage to still be entertained and surprised by the plot twists and the one-liners as if you’re a new audience member,” Sherlock answers.
A few moments later, I returned with a tray of tea and biscuits, along with four cups for each of us. I sat it down upon the table between the sofas quietly, listening in on the current conversation.
Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson is walking up the stairs and tapping at our kitchen door in time for me to pull away.
“Sherlock!” he says again, and finally the silhouette of his friend can be seen through the lit window.
“You,” John says in a weak, ragged-with-sleep voice. My eyes widen and I can’t seem to think of what to do. The word is so painfully simple and yet so heavy with years of yearning. I’m unsure if he even means in the way that I think he does. Perhaps I’m jumping to conclusions, perhaps this is more complicated than just that three letter word.
Oh BOY it's the last chapter of this, I'm a bit in shock honestly! This was without doubt my favorite thing to write ever. Never have I had such pure enjoyment and ease in my writing experience as I did with TGaOC, and the end is rather bittersweet. The last work I did was something I did to mend my mixed emotions and wrap up loose ends, but this is a story done out of a necessity to get it onto the page.
He gives me a puzzled expression like he doesn’t know what I’m talking about and I hate it. “It’s all right, John,” he says finally. His voice is calm and quiet; careful. He’s being careful with me.
The two of us wake up on the morning of our wedding curled around one another. I’m half on top of Sherlock, legs tangled around his, and my arm reaching up his back; my ring touching his shoulder blade. My face is tucked in the crook of his neck and I greet him with light kisses under his chin.
“What do you think, Watson? Shall we stay in the country for the week?” he asked, turning around again when he finished.
Just half an hour ago he was going to leave. Again. And now there’s all of this shit with Moriarty and he told me to go back to Mary a week ago but maybe it was all part of the plan. Does he even have a plan? How am I supposed to know anything anymore? How am I supposed to follow behind him like a loyal companion if he won’t fucking tell me anything?
Harry takes a deep breath in, and on the exhale looks back up at her father, red in the face with rage and drink and poison and most of all, hate.
John’s swears his chest may burst. They keep their arms around each other’s waists and they’re touching almost completely from the torso down. “I love you, Sherlock.”
We avoided John’s extended family as well as mine, and no acquaintances, to avoid unnecessary questions about Mary and the both of us being gay. Plus, there truly isn’t enough room for anyone else.
“You’re getting paler,” I say. My heart is racing, and when he looks back at me with a broken smile the tears start and don’t stop.
and it shatters the illusion John is inhabiting. His mother’s gasp can be heard through the floorboards and John stops breathing for ten seconds. He fights the urge to rush down to the ground floor and protect her, knowing that would only worsen the situation. As an alternative, he turns all his bedroom lights out, pulls the duvet over his head, and covers his ears with the thickest pillow he can find.
John pitches the first moderately sized pebble up to the window, only to miss and hit the wall. He scoffs, takes a breath, and shoots the other. It
Sorry that this chapter took a bit longer to come out!! I wanted to make it as good as it could be, so I ended up re-writing this chapter twice. I hope the wait was worth it, though.
the other chair and notice it’s too heavy. Something’s in there. Something shouldn’t be in there. Don’t know what. Shit. I throw it for her to catch. I want to go back to bed and pretend this never happened.
How its personification is that of Evan Burdett; the way it wriggles into the crevices of my soul and awakens me from all rest to haunt me, mock me.
“Yes. I have an affinity for apiculture myself, as the study of bees fascinates me. Therefore, it shall be easy enough to introduce within a telegram or telephone conversation without any questionable nature. I must make myself clear in that we shall not ever discuss this plan in any context outside of private letters or person to person contact. Despite this, however, the signal will need to be sent as quickly as possible from any point of the United Kingdom. So, when you see the word ‘apiary,’ that is your sign to board the next train to London,” Holmes explained in detail.
Thank you to all of you who have followed this through my writing journey and dealt with the hiatuses at times, it means the world to me. I have another story concept in the works after this one, so I hope to not be gone for long!
“Good mornin’, love,” his mother’s flowery voice greets over the cooking noises. “Sleep well?” Her name is Catherine; born in Liverpool but moved to London when she met her husband. She is a beautiful woman, as well as the perfect traditional British housewife in many ways. John hates knowing that her smile has become compromised by the horror of this house.
“Holmes, is everything all right? That woman was rather jarring, but did she truly affect you to this extreme in those short minutes?” I pried, hoping for some kind of response.
“So, I must have them escape to a temporary holding village of some kind, much like where we are currently residing, before they can reach London,” Holmes explained. “Then, I need to decide on a means to inform them of when and where we shall meet once the four of us can safely reach the city. Some quick signal that will be established beforehand to make certain we all meet when we need to. We are their protection, but they are ours equally. Whilst they are two decades our junior, they are still women easily used to distract the public from our inclinations temporarily. If we arrive in London with two attractive women by our side, there will be no questions as to our absence from the city. Therefore, we must arrive at the same date in the same place.”
Smith’s gloved hands feel cold and horrid against my nose and mouth. I can feel his hand smear my tear tracks across my face as he rips life away from me.
My eyes shutter open and he’s there, by my side. My heart may burst with the pure joy that he’s still here.
“Jim and I were working together long before Magnussen ever bit the dust,” he says. I knew, but he doesn’t need to know that. “H. H. Holmes. He heard of my little murder castle and instantly wanted to engage in business together. He loves innovative ideas, truly. He’s a scientist at heart, Mr. Holmes. Much like yourself.” The words sting.
before you came along and told me all the eccentricities of people and lives that I thought little of.
John falls asleep on the sofa one night after a long and exhausting case. Rosie’s with Mrs. H because he and Sherlock were out all day and she was gonna bake her cookies. (She’s almost 2 now, she can eat cookies. It amazes John, little things like that with Rosie.)
I’m still bad but I’m better at pretending around people like Mrs. Hudson or coworkers or people that know how to be sensitive. Even if that sensitivity sometimes makes me want to claw my own eyes out the second it turns into pity.
“You must write back to her immediately, then, Sherlock. She is at risk of facing a forced marriage if we don’t act in haste.”
I dip my head and agree before I notice the vague nature of the phrase, and how he’s pulling the blankets back up and moving over to the far side of the mattress.
His room is small and the sound of the heart monitor (steady, stable, he’s okay for now.) reverberates against the walls. The sun is setting outside the window and the last beams of sunlight spread onto the bed to cover him. He’s asleep, but it’s not a deep rest. He looks unbelievably vulnerable in his hospital bed, and at least 5 years younger. Despite the horrific situation at hand right now, I can’t help but smile a bit at him. (He’s beautif—
After enjoying a modest dinner of potato soup, Holmes and I readied ourselves for bed. As we undressed for the evening, a thought came to my mind.
I stare at my left hand in shock for a moment and then throw my wedding ring off my fourth finger. The sound it makes as it hits the floor makes my ears ring.
“Can’t we just take the next one? M’head hurts,” John mumbles, coming to terms with the fact that groaning will not be enough to silence Mary’s insatiable energy right now.
Holmes finally looked into my eyes. The dread behind his irises burned into my soul, and I knew the pain he was contemplating. “I am afraid, my dear Watson, that is the only way to maintain safety.”
Mrs. Hudson sighs and Sherlock closes his eyes. “Mrs. Hudson’s right. I’m burning up. I’m at the bottom of the pit and I’m still falling and… I’m
“O-oh. Yes… Are we going to remain here until we leave for London? Or do you have another stop available?” I inquired, quickly changing the subject.
“C’mere,” I say softly. I pull him into a hug and we stand there wrapped around one another for a long while. Sherlock retreats only slightly to check with my face to be sure of
“Sherlock,” John pushes out finally. He doesn’t know why. Make sure he knows he’s awake? Reassurance that
I follow behind Sherlock up the stairs to 221B. Once we get into the sitting room, I check. I always check, every time I’m here for the last six months. Chair’s still there.
A hospital room at 3:17AM is certainly not somewhere anyone would enjoy being alone. There is no view outside the window and it’s tight and confined like a cell (not unlike the one I was in last week), but my stomach twists at this disgustingly
“Yeah, I suppose I should, shouldn’t I?” I try to hide the pain the phrase brings me. He gets up, looking almost lost. Then, he grabs his jacket off the door and his keys out of his pocket. “I’ll see you tomorrow?”
The only thing I take back to 221B is my clothes, my shampoo, my toothbrush, and the sheet music to the song Sherlock played at my wedding. I take it out of the hateful envelope marked “Dr. and Mrs. Watson,” and place the folded paper into my suitcase of things.
for letting me,” he replies, as if capable of hearing my thoughts. He kisses me and I wonder how it’s possible for me to be this lucky.
The day carried on with minimal effort, Holmes and myself resting and mindlessly working on small projects. As I read a thrilling adventure novel in the parlour, Holmes approached me, adorned in his jacket and hat.
I walk into our cleared out living room and see Sherlock, standing in his wedding suit, playing the song he wrote for me all those years ago on his violin.
I can’t see who did it. I can’t manage to keep my eyes open. The last thing I think of before my vision goes black is wishing for Sherlock to come find me.
“Hello, James! Happy Christmas to you. I’m quite sorry to hear about your boy going missing, but I can’t say I’ve seen him today. The four of us will make sure to keep an eye out.”
puts away the last few things they brought down, turns off the lights, and sits on the right side of the bed to take off his shoes. Lies down, facing right, with all his clothes still on and lets his eyes shut out of exhaustion. Something about John’s weight on the other side of the bed is comforting as he falls asleep.
Smith freezes in place and furrows his brow. After a moment, he begins to laugh. A full, hearty chuckle spreads over the room like a cancer. “Ah yes, of
I’ll be honest. I did not once in my life, before meeting and falling in love with John Watson, believe I had a future beyond the next month. Future was not part of the vocabulary required to exist, and I barely wanted even wanted to do that for the first 30 years of my life.
“Easily done, sir,” she insured. There was a brief pause from her before, “Sir, am I not mistaken when I think you are the detective Sherlock Holmes?”
“I believe we will have to spend the remainder of the month away from Baker Street, at the least,” said Holmes with a frown. I could see plainly how he missed the comfort of our home together, and how he occasionally found himself dreading these temporary living facilities.
John’s heart leaps in his chest. He wonders if Sherlock could hear it. “Yeah, yeah I think I’d like that.”
“John,” he starts one day while we sit watching horrid day-time television. “You don’t have to keep working at the surgery if you don’t want to.” He’s trying to be delicate with me. Too delicate. I don’t know why it frustrates me.
“What should we have for lunch, today, dear? We can go to the place in town we saw the other day,” he offered, clear in his attempts to cheer me up. I accepted, giving him a gentle smile in return.
“I don’t need you to coddle me because I can’t deal with being in a bloody hospital as a doctor. I’ll be
Over the following weeks I sort things out with a realtor and leave most everything inside the flat for other people to deal with. It feels cursed, and it is unquestionably impossible for me to sort through the shit in the nursery without going completely mad.
I let myself see him more. We solve cases sometimes, other times we just watch telly and eat take away. It’s almost like before, but it’s not. After he…
“Perhaps a more secluded one. I heard about this hidden beach in Whitstable that’s only an hours drive from here. Come on, it could be nice. We’ve done nothing whatsoever since summer holiday started, and we both know our families won’t do anything of actual interest,” Sherlock pleads.
“So, what now? What’s Moriarty planning next?” Mary asks as if she’s wide-eyed and innocent. It turns my stomach.
“And it is true that you, yourself, are not dissimilar to the quiet, yet focused, and incredibly stoic figure that belongs by her side.”
There is a pause in the conversation as Violet goes over to the kettle to fill it up with more water. Sherlock keeps pulling John closer and closer to the door out of the kitchen, but John is resistant.
on the bottom of the skirt of her dress. Not sure what that is. Probably figure it out in a second. Hand is shaking again. I bring it up to the level of my face and watch it.
John manages to get up enough to a kneel before another punch hits his knee, knocking him down. James braces himself on the bed to get himself up, and upon standing up, he grabs John. A left hook sends John cascading to the floor again, only for his father to pull him back again.
“All done!” he announces with a kiss to my clothed lower back. I pull my trousers back up and turn to him, smile wide across my face.
“She paid off the hospital staff to lie to John so he wouldn’t know she had faked the entirety of her gestation period. She has practised infidelity in her marriage, as well. In his immense grief, he managed to let her slip away. We have eyes on her, but there’s not much we can—”
Some time later I feel a blanket cover me and there’s a feeling of warmth radiating through my chest. Not pain, this time.
Harry probably finds the remnants of the letter and the still-on telly and the five dry bottles and doesn’t even have to open John’s door to know what happened. Hell, John has found her in situations all too similar before. The thought doesn’t keep him from an empty, dreamless, blackout sleep.
“What is it, John?” I think I know, but it’s not enough. He turns and looks at me, but I stare at my tea.
“You’re not going to want to climb up another flight of stairs, I imagine, with…” I lazily gesture to the wound in his thigh that’s brought me far more trouble than it’s worth.
The second time I kiss him, tears start to fall. There’s years of horrific instances between us, and one of those only happened less than a week ago. I pull away again and wipe away the wetness on Sherlock’s cheeks.
“You can’t carry on like this, little brother. Sentiment gets the better of you yet again.” Know-it-all big brother Mycroft’s voice gets more authoritative.
“Well, Sir, I completed the coursework so quickly that I had time to conduct some additional experiments and tests that I thought you may want to take a look at,” Sherlock explains. John smiles warmly while looking down at his desk. Many of the other students look bemused by his frank nature of explaining, but John finds it charming. Mr. Sawyer shakes his head with a grin, takes the collection of papers, and continues down the line.
I manage to force my body to go to work and occasionally get the shopping (often consisting of alcohol and bread, but it’s something), and little else.
“Now that, I’m not too sure. Best of luck to you, though, James, and I’ll make sure to call your missus as soon as we hear a word.”
I’m walking back home after my last day as a GP, feeling better than I have in months. I’m finally free of that horrific place and everything that is inevitably attached to it.
Over the last year we have been going through the process of moving out the place we’ve called home for two decades. Mrs. Hudson no longer inhabits 221A, and memories line these rooms like wallpaper. The sounds of central London, while once appealing and calming to my deafening thoughts, is now overwhelming and filled with risk we don’t seek nearly as often. I found a small cottage with a stretching garden, perfect for beekeeping. John thinks it’s charming. There is a surgery in town where he can take part time hours, and our garage is the perfect place for a laboratory. Today is the last day of moving boxes into the house. Molly and Stella assisted us through the process. They’ve been together almost as long as John and I.
Why is John so opposed to having guests? It’s not like him to hate company, he usually likes it a bit more than me, and certainly enough to not resent them for
John sets his tumbler down with more force than necessary, “Just. Let me do this.” He grits through his teeth and I recede. “We need to finally discuss
“I believe he said something like he ‘owed you.’ Sound familiar?” The casual way he spouts those words makes panic rise throughout my body.
“It is, by far, the least I could do.” Pepper took a step back, dropping her arms to her sides with a bow of her head, before looking over to Miss Bennett to finish their collective thought.
A knot formed in my chest, a physical reminder of my conflicting emotions. There was pain of the circumstances, yet undying love and need for this man before me. The world was brutal and cruel, uncaring towards those who inhabit it, but Holmes and myself could shut that world out for now. We could wrap ourselves up in one another’s proximity and ignore the hard edges and dangerous spikes of the world we lived in for the moment, so we did.
I interrupt her with a loud sigh. Then I start laughing. Really, truly laughing this time. I cover my face a bit with my hand and laugh until I can muster a response.
I clear my throat and, “Erm… as you know, I’m not the greatest at… talking about how I feel in front of… anyone really. For majority of the time I’ve known you, I haven’t been one to say how I felt about something, I just sort of reacted and let things happen. But today is special, and it’s for us, so I’ll try my best.
I could not find words, for a moment, to articulate the way my chest filled with adoration for this man. This man whom the world viewed as a machine, an impossible genius. This man who wore a deep burgundy dressing gown over grey silk pyjamas, and handed me a cup of tea at half past seven in the morning. The words took time to form, but I finally found them.
Sherlock glances over John’s face. John watches him attentively and swears he’s never seen anyone so beautiful. There’s an underlying sense of sadness there, though. John looks all over Sherlock’s face, away from his eyes because if he looks for too long it’s too much.
“Oh. Shit, yeah. Go rest. I’ll, er, text you later?” I don’t want to text her. I don’t want to think about her. It’s her fault any of this even happened in the first fucking pla—
“Mother, we were just skipping rocks and then John slipped. He needs to wash up a bit, and then we’re going to bed,” Sherlock responds in his typical, matter-of-fact speech. John always thought it strange how formal Sherlock and Mycroft are with their parents, but given his home life, he never actually asks about it.
“In the time it took for you to wake, I contemplated a few,” he said with his typical mischievous air.
The music leads me to our bedroom. Through the kitchen lined with take-away menus and an empty bottle of scotch from the stag night (I didn’t realise he’d kept that). The door is slightly cracked when I reach it, and I push it open to see him. He’s standing in the middle of the floor with one of his best suits, and he just looks at me. He pauses the music on his little stereo. Tears flitter around my eyelids but I’m demanding they stay there until Sherlock speaks.
Sometimes I dream of her being taken from me in the night and I keep trying over and over to get her back but the faceless figure in the dark keeps running faster and
Three days passed uneventfully, and it was then time to walk the half mile to the train station, on our way to Wembury in the southern peninsula. The rocky beaches seemed appealing to my need for relaxation, as well as Holmes’s need for mental stimulation and discovery. He had been there before as a young child, so I was intrigued to see somewhere attached to a time before I knew him. He typically disliked any discussion of it, as his parents were long passed, and he felt detached from the individual he was as when he was young.
Mycroft looks at the floor then back to me. Methodical. Doesn’t care about John. Disgusting. Horrible. “No, it isn’t. But you must understand that John may very well be in danger now that she’s escaped. I gather you know of her connections to Moriarty.”
I notice in the second week that Mary’s belongings are gone and her wedding ring is on the dining room table. We both knew the baby was the only reason she was still here, I suppose. I wish I could say I miss her.
“You do the same thing with the drugs,” I retort. This makes him appear before me like a ghost. He sits on the chair across the way and looks at me.
“We had endless piles of telegrams detailing fascinating cases right in London, didn’t we? Typically you only take cases that require a holiday if work is particularly thin,” I mentioned. I prayed that I would not have to ask directly.
A silence ruminates for a moment as we all stand in a triangle in this horrific mortuary. I’m ready to say more when Sherlock keels over beside me spontaneously, falling to the floor with a thud. His body starts to shake slightly.
encountered,” he’s really trying here. He looks himself up and down, gesturing to the mess of his dressing-gown-over-suit clothing. “
I see a blurry Sherlock enter from down the hallway through my watery eyes. I look up to meet his face and let out a shaky breath.
“I’m sorry for not… letting you in lately. Being angry all the time. It’s not… I shouldn’t have done that,” he apologises. He apologises to me while holding my hand. It’s an experience I would have thought impossible to happen more than once.
he actually is. He hasn’t slept this comfortably in WEEKS, months maybe. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t want to be this close to Sherlock, too, but he’s horrified of what he would say if he found them in this state. Especially if he knew just how vulnerable and small he looks. John resists the urge to push some of Sherlock’s unruly hair away from his face to see it more clearly. Instead, he settles in, not wanting to move from this spot for as long as possible. He’s comfortable and can’t move without waking Sherlock, who hasn’t slept this long in quite some time. It would be selfish to get up, right?
I turn toward the window and look down on the street to look for something. There’s nothing. People. It’s cold outside. March chill. There’s a couple walking on the pavement hand-in-hand and I try to pretend it doesn’t make my chest cave in. I turn back to her and shake my head.
The question confounded even me, despite it being directed to Holmes. I had briefly addressed the possibility during our stay in Wembury, but he entirely disregarded it with close to no explanation. I recalled his many statements over the last few weeks, saying that he doubted Wilde would elect to leave the country due to his own pride. Was it imaginable that my partner would adopt the same principle as a man at risk of being sent to prison?
how to cut my hair, old man,” she spits back. Catherine Watson can’t watch, she turns around, trying to tidy while taking anxious sips of wine.
For all the birthdays I’ve had in my life, my 35th is set to be the best so far. Our wedding is just three weeks away, and 221B has changed its scenery quite a bit. It’s not a large guest list (neither of us keep many friends), but I have meticulous charts and lists of every detail. John tries to tell me that it’s all going to work out fine, but I can’t seem to stop double and triple and quadruple checking every last step.
“The simplest solution, then, is to distract,” he announced, raising his volume just slightly above the hushed whisper of before.
We both know there’s more to discuss. There’s business with Moriarty we still have to sort out. There’s a standing request from Mycroft to go see him at his MI6 office with Lestrade. That’s for another day, though. That’s for when this is just slightly less fresh in both of our minds and bodies. When it’s not mere minutes from the very first time our lips touched.
Though my readers may not think this in any way characteristic of my companion, Holmes did, in fact, adopt the domesticity of our cottage with ease. One morning in particular, I awoke to the smell of fresh tea and an empty space in the bed beside me. I wandered down the hall to find my partner stirring cream into two cups. He had heard me leave the room—he always did—yet he kept a focused gaze on the task at hand. Once he stirred both adequately, his eyes met mine.
“This isn’t about some petty crime. This is quite possibly the worst villain I’ve encountered not so much in skill but in power. He is the most dangerous, the most
The two of us had spent little time in the village of Wembury since we arrived. The main road was rather charming—and larger than Hatherleigh, I noted—lined with small novelty shops and a local public house. The post office was quaint and welcoming, not like the decadent ones of London. Holmes and I entered to be greeted by a charming young woman, the secretary I imagine, whom welcomed us with a smile.
He sighs and slumps his shoulders, the silence stretches for a long time. It’s uncomfortable and painful, however necessary it may be.
“I shall arrange a cottage on the coast for us in a few days time, then. Perhaps we can explore the complex history of the English peninsula and the past cultures that inhabited it,” he continued with fervor. There was a sparkle in his eye that made my heart soar, since in the weeks leading up to this particular adventure, his mood was quite the opposite.
I stand there almost long enough for this to seem odd, so I open the door just a bit more to make my way inside. I don’t quite make it to his bed when,
He’s just dealt with something traumatic. Probably didn’t want to see me in the first place; why would I ask him to stay with me? Plus, I know Smith will have to confront me eventually. I give a nod and mumble, “You need your rest.” Don’t worry him, he’s got enough on his plate. It’ll probably be fine anyway,
“Yes, I know,” I sighed. “There was a small part of me that wished I would somehow be proven wrong. But the hope was rather useless.”
As we fast forward a few years into the future, John's life exists in a setting quite unlike it was in the years before.
We are officially at the half-way point of the fic!! I hope you enjoy this and get excited for what's to come.
My hand is still just barely covering his as we look at each other for a long while. I could easily strengthen my hold and pull him in to kiss me, but I can’t make myself. Not yet. There’s too much here between us. There’s still Moriarty. Maybe he’s watching us right now.
“For me, Sherlock. I can’t keep doing this over and over again. I can’t.” His voice is so small. My chest stings.
“For the same reason anyone with the net worth you have gets away with anything. With enough money, you really can do whatever you'd like,” I explain because I must. Play the game.
Eventually I feel a heaviness come over my eyelids from our last adventure, as he continues to play for me. I lean back on the couch, sinking into the throw pillows, and begin to doze. The sound of his classical drawl leading me into a calm rest.
My companion had an expression of dread form on his face that faded just as quickly as it arrived. He composed himself as fast as he could before answering the naïve woman.
The first case begins! This chapter is rather long and case heavy, but I hope you enjoy it still despite the lack of fluff
“I suppose we want what we can’t have, huh?” I swear I can hear the crack behind his voice and my heart breaks. He doesn’t have to say anything more.
“No, no not really. I’ve just been suffocated after a week long cocaine binge. A bit short from alright. But I got my confession, didn’t I?”
Sherlock seems to push down the smile on his own face as John looks up at him, but before he can think of why that is, there’s a knock on the door.
“Tomorrow.” I watch as John walks out the door towards the staircase, when my phone lets out an all too familiar moan. My body tenses. I know he heard it. The floorboards creak beneath him as he makes his way back into the living room.
They arrest Smith. Apparently, he can’t stop confessing. I know that this is exactly what Moriarty planned. I know that there’s nothing more I can do then play his game now and just anticipate the next move. I know Mary’s coming soon.
Mary asks a question that John cannot possibly hear right now, and he just stares. Sherlock Holmes, curly hair that is now dyed black and cut shorter than before, is sitting just two tables down from him. He is wearing a leather vest, covered in patches and buttons, a black button up shirt, and ripped black jeans. He has black eye makeup and black lips. All of this, John could predict with ease. But, there’s something else glaring in John’s vision. Slicing into his veins and draining him of any semblance of life.
Probably should, yeah. I’ll get things sorted with the nurses and be there in about an hour. He should be ok for now.
“We’re going to miss the train to Brighton if you don’t get up now, John, come on!” She curls up next to him, and starts poking his back over and over. John groans again, irritated even further.
Two sets of giggles fill the room as Sherlock and John lay on Sherlock’s bed. It’s a warm summer morning, without doubt making its way into a hot summer day, and they’re both just wearing their blue jeans. Sherlock turns to face him, and the fast paced conversation from before takes a striking halt.
it’s not that simple, but objective thought doesn’t come as easy in the dead of night with no sleep. I’ll be discharged in the morning, I can sleep eventually,
I wake up and the clock on the wall says it’s 5:15AM. My neck is sore from leaning against the stiff plastic chair and my hand is still resting on Sherlock’s bed, near his ribs. Sherlock’s head is turned away from me, but his breaths are too shallow for him to be asleep.
Thank you all so much for taking time to read through this and go on this journey with me, and I hope you come back to read the epilogue (weddings and Sussex and dogs and a soft experience of growing old with one another).
“I love you dearly, John,” he confessed in a soft tone. I had heard the words before, in the early hours of the morning following particularly passionate evenings. Or after the events of the case of the Speckled Band in which emotions were heightened and we finally got to the root of our feelings towards one another. I had heard my companion say this phrase many times over the years, and yet it ran chills through my spine to hear them again.
My partner nodded and set the letter aside. He arose from the bed and made his way to the second bedroom—his study—presumably to write his response. I allowed him privacy for the time, and instead of following him, went to fetch myself some morning coffee and breakfast.
“I spent a long time being scared of… the lot of it really. But I don’t think I need to be afraid anymore. Being with you like this, even for less than a week is the best I’ve felt in years,” I expel the words from my brain so he knows.
I have to be sure this isn’t another hallucination, another falsity I’ve invented to pretend he’s here when he isn’t. When I see Mrs. Hudson pulling him out of the car, I get the slightest confirmation it's real.
John closes his bedroom door on an exhale of air. He can’t run out tonight, not after that. But tomorrow. Tomorrow, maybe.
Sherlock’s admitted to Saint Caedwalla’s Hospital. I sit by his bedside for the second time since the new year.
In the Holmes house, no child is ever questioned vigorously if he wishes to share a bed with his best friend. It is safety and warmth, and all the things the Watson house so often is not.
TWs: alcoholism, suicidal ideation, stillbirth (this trigger will apply to at least the next four chapters, if not the rest of the fic. tread lightly friends)
behind Sherlock’s eyes. John can’t seem to recognise it. It isn’t the typical, friendly exchange they share in the halls of school, or the secret, private smile he reserves for when John makes him laugh particularly hard. This look is different. The room feels loud in its stillness. John tries to deduce, to search for what lies behind his best friend’s irises until he notices that he’s been looking for far too long at his
Warmth fills my body. Sherlock’s hand covers my nape. Tears edge their way down my cheeks and onto his chest. The muscles in my shoulder relax under his touch. We’ve never been this close for this long before, and I swear my heart may burst. All I can smell is
We sit in silence, ultimately sitting nearer to one another than usual. His hand rests between us, tapping against the leather, and I stare at it for most of the ride back
Sherlock. He’s holding Sherlock is his arms as they lay in bed together on a Sunday morning after moving all of his things back into Baker Street in March when the dew drops are still forming outside and it feels absolutely
I was taken aback for only a second, as I caught up to his reasoning just as quickly as I caught up to his walking pace. “I suppose there is no harm in it,” I replied.
The walls of 221B are covered in photographs and newspaper articles from 2011-2015. Strings tie cases that were obscure and detached together like some horrendous path down into the depths of criminal deception. I feel sick realising the minute details I’ve missed; that I’ve somehow been allowed to miss.
John hums his approval while preparing a cup of tea for himself. The room maintains a sense of light while his father sleeps on the first floor. The three of them bask in it for a few fleeting moments.
He sighs and gives me a resigned nod. I can see his hands begin to tremble again and I know he’s craving another fix.
If Moriarty’s threats on that rooftop were genuine, how are these things allowed to fall through the cracks? Was this all just part of some horrific plot?
“Do those times always happen to correlate with when well known men are going to trial for being sodomites?”
“Why do I kill?” I swear I can see a grin form across his face; oh how desperately he wants to tell me. “It’s-It’s not about hatred or,-or revenge. I’m not a dark person. It’s... killing human beings… it just makes me... incredibly happy.” I feel as if I may vomit.
“Go with him now, John,” she says. We both know precisely what I’m deciding not to say. We both sit in this mostly empty cafe and she, as any good friend would, comforts me to a decision I hadn’t even realized I needed to make.
“You… erm.” I squeeze his hand with the one not holding the paper. “You amaze me everyday, Sherlock. You gave me an entirely different view on the world I walked in, and it made me want to live from your perspective. You may not believe me, and you may think I’m embellishing, but I saw…
to say those words and that this moment was when she finally does. The constant false exterior that surrounds her words doesn’t matter right now.
. “HANDBAG!” I turn back around and she’s gone and I run downstairs. “Stop! Wait!” I can’t let her get away she can’t possibly get away
He wakes the next morning with an uncomfortable layer of sweat covering his back. Gritting his teeth, John forces himself to get up and change his shirt. On Sunday mornings, John’s mother makes him and his sister get dressed before coming down to breakfast (in church attire, of course), so he shimmies out of his loose boxers and vest, putting slacks and a light grey button-up on. Sid Vicious’ voice wriggles into his mind, repeating over and over the rebellion he so wishes to perform.
Before I could react or tend to Holmes’s state, my companion was walking speedily in the direction of our cottage without thought to any of his surroundings. I followed in kind, knowing we could face the issue in our own privacy.
to Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, and even to a deadpan Mycroft before the two boys venture wordlessly upstairs. As the door snaps shut, John lowers his hood. Before he even turns around to see, Sherlock knows what he’s about to see.
“The two of you are not dissimilar to us, Miss Bennett. Holmes and myself when we first met were much like you and Miss—” I trailed, desperately attempting to recall if I had ever learned of Pepper’s surname.
We were now in a cottage in Englishcombe, near Bath, maintaining a comfortable anonymity within the countryside as we spent lazy days in one another’s company. The last few mornings began much like this one, with soft words and easy affection. On this particular day, I welcomed the quiet companionship more than ever. The uncertainty of the outside world haunted my unconscious thoughts and dreams, so my lover’s uncomplicated, non-judgemental air was precisely what I needed.
Technically one of his faceless servants did, but yes. Glad to finally be out of that miniscule hospital room.
“Sherlock!” I shout, crouching down to meet him and place a hand delicately on his shoulder. I turn back to Culverton Smith. “Get him a bloody nurse and a room, now,” I demand and the man just nods, turns, and grabs a nurse from outside.
I was greeted the following morning with a horrendous nightmare of Burdett’s bloodied corpse, haunting me and startling me awake. Holmes roused beside me, reaching out to calm my mind as short breaths escaped my lips.
My testosterone injections are something I have always done myself. From when they began at age 22, I demanded that I could do it on my own without my doctor’s assistance. Even when I met John, a trained physician that I trusted. There was the ordeal of telling him I was trans initially, and asking him to help with my jabs felt like I was asking too much from him. He’s never been anything less than supportive and wonderful to me, however. He’s never once misgendered me and often clarifies things he’s uncertain of. From the very beginning he was this way, but I never thought to get his help with actual aspects of the medical side of it. Especially given where the injection site is.
I comply and flop over to see him holding a tray, with a cup of tea, a plate of toast with honey and some eggs. It’s a small meal (he knows I won’t eat much more than that), and upon seeing it I feel warmth spread around my body.
The past of Moriarty and “Mary Morstan” is distant and long forgotten. Occasionally ghosts rear their heads, but not bad enough that gentle words whispered through the darkness cannot make them dissipate. We fit in the patterns of each other like an endless puzzle; two lives and two bodies built to love in the other’s space.
“Go to the police; they’re really excellent at dealing with this complicated sort of stuff. Tell them I sent you; that ought to get a reaction.” Giving up, then, aren’t I? “Night-night.” It’s fine.
I wake in a cold sweat, hands clammy and sheets mussed at the foot of the bed. I hear the faint sound of his violin. I haven’t heard him play since my wedding, and I notice my cheeks are wet. I try to fall back asleep and his playing manages to ease the thoughts circulating in my brain.
“While the matter does not impact mine or Pepper’s safety in any direct sense, I cannot say it does not frighten me. A man so prominent in English society, so quickly turned into a pillar of shame to the public…” Miss Bennett lamented, ultimately unaware of how this sentence easily could apply to the man sat beside me just as it applies to Oscar Wilde.
Some were too simple, others were made obsolete with time. Even more were far too sensitive to touch upon—too public, that is. Holmes negated the majority of the piles we accumulated, and his stubborn rules of what was acceptable made the process grueling yet easy. If there was a surplus in our options, it would have only complicated things. This way, if there were cases, there were few.
, all the aromas that make Sherlock perfect. Slowly, I let my arms wrap around his torso, returning the hug. He inhales a quick breath as I do. Weight returns to my chest as I realise just how long we’ve been standing like this and how each second longer makes this mean more.
I find what is essentially a trail of our memories scattering the flat. I see the smiley face, still left painted on the wallpaper. I see my old cane from all those years ago. I see the (slightly less messy) stacks of papers and books on our desk. And it’s right at this moment that I truly see our entire home. Our entire journey.
“You don’t have any clear idea of what needs doing yet, and he hasn’t made any direct contact with you. I’m taking you to the bloody hospital.”
Holmes had asked me not to document the following story in any fashion. I managed to keep that promise for 30 years. Now, in 1925, I write this solely for my records to be kept in the safety deposit box, not to be opened until at least 50 years after my death. I can only hope that one day, reading the truth of mine and Holmes’s life together may be viewed as the wonderful thing it is, rather than something “indecent.”
“I didn’t think I would ever say a vow in my life, to anyone. I especially didn’t believe I would say them twice, or have them given back to me. You surprise me, constantly. You are brave, kind, wise, loving, and wonderful, and I could spend all my life making vows to you, John.”
I’m unsure what needles are for my testosterone and what’s for the cocaine and I’ve truly stopped caring, but a mug with a couple syringes in it to prep them for? One of the two? Can’t remember if I took my prescription this week. Funny that I still care.
“Let me in!” John responds. He isn’t certain if he can even be heard, but knowing Sherlock, he can most likely read lips.
I nod and turn my hand around in his so I’m holding it back. Something small to tell him this is okay. He doesn’t pull away. Instead, he tilts my chin up, making me meet his eyes. My breathing quickens.
I crack open John’s bedroom door and it’s the first time in all our years together that I’ve seen him in a fit of a nightmare. Before, the only sense I allowed was my ears, but now my eyes have seen all the additional parts that my hearing missed. He’s kicked the blankets away from him and his breathing is laboured.
“I suppose I should stretch out my legs,” I stated, setting my paper aside and joining Holmes outside our small cottage.
The code was sent, and within the week, the four of us would be arriving at Paddington from the same train car. Despite my yearning to return home throughout our time away from London, there was an overwhelming sorrow in my heart that I could not overcome given the current state of affairs.
The letter sits on the coffee table in front of John now, and on occasion, when he reaches to sip another beer, it catches the corner of his eye. The envelope is ivory, the return address is in Surrey, and the penmanship is neat and confined. It mocks him.
, I’ll be fine, I just need to get inside,” his eyes are more red than they were on the plane. Probably the drugs.
I toss away my thoughts again and open my eyes to see Sherlock stretched across a chair in the living room, glancing up at the ceiling. I wonder if I said anything before I walked back inside, but Mrs. Hudson stands between us on guard, so she must know there’s a hostility. I’m unsure who’s she’s trying to protect.
John takes me back to Baker Street and we sit in silence drinking tea (well, I drink tea and John nurses a finger of whiskey. I don’t mention that’s it’s only the late afternoon and that this is entirely inappropriate. We don’t really make a habit of worrying about appropriate.) for much longer than we should. The weight of unspoken words sits upon my shoulders.
And then John Hamish Watson kisses me for the first time, and it is entirely impossible for me to have ever predicted just what this feels like.
I take a deep breath after a fittingly long silence. “He took Sherlock away from me for two years, because of what
The bruises on his face from the night before are in full bloom on John now. A shiner, a slashed lip, some minor scrapes from hitting the wall. He cannot allow Mr. and Mrs. Holmes to see him like this. They will know, right away. He knocks on the Holmes’ front door hiding his face in a hoodie.
“Dunno. Just sort of, happens really. It’s… like a reflex. I can’t stop it.” I notice her shoulders are damp. “Coat.”
“Sherlock, dear, where are you rushing off to?” Mrs. Hudson must have heard the door slam and she’s standing in the middle of the foyer in her night clothes.
John is a doctor, who has given hundreds, probably thousands of injections in his lifetime. Despite that, this is still unfamiliar to him in some ways. When I tell him that he has to put a needle in my bum cheek, he blushes for a second before we both start giggling. The second he actually preps the syringe and everything, though, he turns very professional until it’s over.
I’ve never once seen Mycroft Holmes more terrified than I do at this very second. He very well should be terrified.
The next time it happens, it’s in his chair and Sherlock notices within half an hour. He gets worried about John’s neck getting a crick in it, but he doesn’t want to wake him; he looks so peaceful. John doesn’t sleep through the night like that, though, wakes up a bit later and instead of taking the initiative to go home, he silently moves to the sofa and falls back asleep. Sherlock feels the weight come back again.
“Can we go outside for a bit? Skip rocks on the creek or something?” John asks, beaming up at Sherlock.
John sighs despite himself and leaves the safety of his bedroom to face the day. Downstairs, the sound and smell of fry up envelopes everything. The sweet smell of the beans, the sausage sizzling on the pan, the hint of egg surrounding it, the perfect aroma of toast, and the tomatoes add a bit of freshness to it all. The beauty of his mother’s breakfast almost erases the knowledge that the same pan those sausages sit in now, hit the floor only 8 hours previous, just almost.
Sherlock silently helps. He gets Mycroft to make sure someone buys the house quickly, to prevent me from stressing any further. He doesn’t tell me he did this, but I see a brief glimpse of a text from his elder brother saying “I’ll get it done,” before I look away from where Sherlock’s phone is on the table. The next day I get a call saying my realtor accepted an offer on the house. My shoulders feel light.
I think back to all the times I wanted to do this. To the hallway after dinner at Angelo’s that first night. To when he clutched me by the shoulders and spun me in circles to try to get me to retrace steps I had photographed. To New Year’s Eve when he serenaded me with violin; avoiding the discussion he didn’t want to have. To Grimpen, when he was afraid and I wanted to assure him that I could be so much more than his only friend. To the roof, how I wanted to climb my way up and kiss him and tell him that he wasn’t alone. To when he came back and instead of kissing him, my fist met his lips. To quiet dance lessons in this very flat leading up to a wedding I felt inclined to follow through with. To every single moment since then.
After a moment of silence and existing in this frozen section of time, the weight of room deepens and I readjust a bit to look at Sherlock properly.
“How long did you expect it to take me? The slow little brother?” Sherlock is trying to sound angry, but a sadness covers his features.
The world has seemed to stop as they have found each other in this moment now, in this bed, in this room, in this flat. Waiting so long, aching, running, dying, all of it culminated in this moment of revelation. And they never want to let it go.
“Thank you,” I say softly to him, draping my arms over his shoulders. It’s more than for just the jab, of course.
Apparently this guy was trying to find the Black Pearl of the Borgias inside one of the six busts. Mycroft and Lestrade have been bugging me incessantly for weeks to find the stupid pearl, so I assume they’re happy. Lestrade arrests him. I pretend it was interesting. Took us a couple days.
I’m left without words for a moment. I just kind of look at her. The weird part is that when she says the words out loud it makes so much sense, too much even. Like they were waiting for an eternity to fall out but everyone was too petrified to allow them into reality.
“Your daughter,” the word stings even when directed to someone else, “did she shows any signs of being suicidal before it happened?”
After many silent moments, long after I had given up any hope of reply, utterly lost in my own thought, he spoke.
He tries to smile but can’t seem to manage. We don’t want to talk about Moriarty. Not now. I know I need to get another question out of my system. I need to know that he’s okay. I need to be sure.
“You know you’re my best friend,” he states. It’s not a question. Of course I do, especially after what happened when he told me the first time.
Showering not only provides somewhat of a blank slate for the day, but it equally provides time away from the high, feminine voice of Mary. She’s a nice girl, kind in her nature, and fun too. She takes John on adventures, motivates him, keeps him straight. But every time he thinks about her too much, he finds himself feeling sick to his stomach. Her voice, too close to a 13 year old boy he once knew. Her face, just a bit off. John shivers underneath the hot water.
Upon entering through the back door of the house, Sherlock flicks the light on to see his mother in her dressing gown, looking at the two boys. John, soaking wet and holding the back of his head, and Sherlock, covered in mud.
Neither of us shared any more words for the evening, and as we slept that night I dreamt of two twenty year-old boys in university. One of about six feet in height, slim and angular. The other, a few inches shorter, but more muscular and broadened. The first boy had a deep brown, almost black hair colour, whereas the second has a mousy brown shade. They sat against a tree together, both bent over a book as the taller boy pointed out intriguing passages. The second boy saw other students walk past, curious as to the strange behaviour of himself and his friend. Before them all, he took the first boy’s hand and left gentle kisses along his knuckles. Much to his surprise, the passersby smiled at them.
Violet sighs with reserve. “I’m just glad you’re both safe. Please, no more late night adventures without telling somebody first?”
Holmes let out a deep sigh, “Knowing the pride and confidence the playwright displays, I feel he will not opt for escape. He will wish to face the battle, regardless of consequence. The criminal justice system of the British Empire, however, is unfortunately not forgiving enough to allow him a victory.”
I’m still not used to that phrase. It feels electric. Before I know it, his hand is where it was moments ago, leading me to a cab.
I hope that John knew what to listen for. I hope that John comes to help. I hope so desperately that John is smarter than me in this moment and is somehow coming to save me like he always does.
It isn’t until a few days later that we’re in Sherlock’s (which is now our?) bed late at night, finally discussing what exactly
Cheap, light beer doesn’t burn when going down like it did when he was younger. John downs the bottle, nursing an appropriate buzz before sitting down to play Punch Out on the NES. He owns very few valuable things, but his Walkman and his NES were two that he makes sure to protect. Given the nature of his household, he never leaves it in the living room, so he has to set it up every time. But, his parents are out of the house for a wedding of a coworker or some other shit John didn’t bother to listen to, so he has the common area to himself for a bit while Harry’s out with friends.
All John can think about for the rest of the evening is how Mrs. Holmes knew that her son was out of the house in the middle of the night after all of thirty minutes, whereas it will be a genuine surprise if his parents even notice that he stayed at Sherlock’s tonight at all.
“John,” with the date of 31 December 2010 beside it. I vividly remember that first New Years during the Adler case. I didn’t realise he named the composition after me.
“There are times where the world we inhabit is too dull for our imagination to endure. I know that more than anyone,” he stated with a comforting glance. His words no longer felt clinical and unfeeling, but rather warm and charming.
because this chance won’t last forever, Sherlock, it’s gone before you know it,” his body stiffens and his voice is a whisper. “Before you know it.”
“I didn’t think I wanted to be a father, y’know,” he says with a soft vulnerability that is so easily broken. “I’m used to taking care of people, but having to do it 24/7 wasn’t my idea of how I was going to spend the next 18 years.”
It almost feels like something. I shake the idea out of my mind as best as I can, trying to fall asleep in my upstairs bedroom. But, the muscle memory of his hand on my upper back and his comforting way of speaking my name resonate through me.
dangerous – trust you to fall for a sociopath… but she’s… y’know.” He says his words staring at the ceiling, almost like they’re not meant for me.
He looks over at me with a mock look of disdain across his face, “And who are you to judge my stages of grief,
“We’ve both managed to muck up lots of things between one another, haven’t we?” I drop my hands and run them down his shoulders. “Moriarty’s gone. For good, this time. Can’t we start over and try this?”
“Take my bed, I’ll sleep on the sofa,” I offer. “It’ll be easier for both of us since I have to redress that in a couple hours anyway. Plus, I’m physically fine, and I’ve slept there enough. I have nicer sheets than you, anyway.”
We go and get chips. I realise at the end of our long walk around central London that her father, the famous Culverton Smith, must have killed
“Quite right,” said he, leaving a soft touch of his lips atop my head. Wordlessly, he made his way out the door and into town, leaving me to the silence of my reading.
“I will start the kettle, you should have tea to soothe your thoughts,” he offered, kissing my forehead as he pulled himself from me.
“Yeah, Sherlock usually comes to the lab alone now.” There is an unspoken question behind it, one that I don’t necessarily want to answer, but I know I’ll have to. She’s got at least some agenda in bringing me here today, and I would be frustrated by that if I didn’t think it was absolutely necessary.
“The few of us here today know—probably better than anyone—just how long and how much it took for these two to get here,” Lestrade narrates. “Hell, I’m sure a few of us even took bets to see when it would happen.” They all laugh a bit, Sherlock and I smile at each other and he squeezes my hand. “Despite taking a bit of extra time to get to this point, I think we can all agree it was bound to happen from that first time we saw them together.” A collective nod. “So, I was asked to officiate this little ceremony to bring Sherlock and John together completely,” he continues. “And that’s all I’ve left. They decided to write their own vows, so, John, if you want to go first.”
“Look at the hem of it! That’s what I noticed. I’m... still catching up with my brain. It’s terribly fast. Those markings, do you see them? You only get marks like that by trapping the hem of your skirt in a car door but they’re on the left-hand side, so you weren’t driving; you were in the passenger seat.”
me, there’s been a tension I can’t really explain. He’s more willing to touch me than he was before, but it’s as if the moment he realises that he’s touching me, he has to stop. I don’t know if it means what I want it to. I don’t know if it can.
“After Magnussen died, you were his next choice for a well-off crooked media presence that could ruin the lives of anyone they needed to. I would say it’s brilliant, but it’s really quite simple.” He sits himself down in a chair a good
Later that evening, we retired upstairs to sleep. Our room had two single beds, separated as is custom. We quietly pushed them together, and prepared for rest. As we lay together in the dark night air, Holmes spoke once more whilst resting atop my chest.
They’re wrapping up his wound on his thigh next to me. He’s sitting up now, most of the colour returned to his face. He looks over to me and gives me a small smile. I return it.
John thinks to himself, noticing a twinge of shame form in his chest. Still, he’s come all this way, so he will follow the cliche regardless.
Afternoon tea was rather pleasant, so Holmes and I spent the remainder of the daylight walking around the countryside. We returned to the inn for dinner that evening. After enjoying some brandy with the innkeeper—whom I discovered was named John as well—and his charming wife, Holmes and I retired to our room.
“Do you want me to help with that?” I process what he’s asking after picking up the syringe and mindlessly preparing the needle.
The pain that has lived within my chest for all 34 years of my life ceases entirely when John holds my face in his hand as his lips meet my own, and I swear I could do anything.
I see him stirring, wanting to leave. “You don’t have to stay. You can go home. You’ve had a long day.”
“What do you think, John, shall we help the poor girls?” he asked jestingly. I knew he would regardless, given his impulsive decision to offer Abigail all that he did within one day of having her acquaintance. It was more a question of
The Cure, was it? John snaps his fingers in recognition. The weight of the lyrics shakes something in his gut, but he ignores it to face the situation at hand. He searches around the garden, looking for something he could toss up at the window. There is a twig from the neighbouring tree, a few small pebbles, and a patch of flowers. Seems the pebbles will have to do.
“What?” he responds in a deadpan. The music wipes away the feelings trapped in his brain, like a clean slate. His face tightens, and the redness in his eyes turns into nothing but a distant memory.
Rather than what I usually do (play my violin and lull him back to a calm state, like always), something in my brain tells me to go upstairs and check on him. I know that what’s pulling me there is the fear I felt 7 days ago when a bullet entered his thigh. I listen to the instinct and gently climb the staircase.
“Mycroft, as I suspected,” Holmes declared from the hall behind me. I nodded in confirmation, but neither one of us seemed to move. The paper in my grip weighed only a few grams, yet I could have easily been convinced I was holding a barbell. Something deep in my soul sensed what words were inked upon the concealed page, and it was rather evident that the man opposite me had quite the same feeling. Despite this, the world would not cease to turn even if I refused to open it, so I turned, inched towards my spouse and gave him the letter.
I’ve seen John in his suit during fittings in the months leading up to this intimate affair, with only a small gasp and a kiss to his temple. But when I see John in his suit the morning of our wedding day, I could swear (if I had less knowledge of the principles of human anatomy) that my body begins to melt at the sight. His hair is styled only slightly, his short bangs pushed back with my assistance and expertise. His perfectly tailored trousers and jacket compliment his compact and masculine figure in such a way that shortens my breath. I stare at him from the doorway while he preens himself over. I got myself dressed in the bathroom, for purpose of ceremony.
Holmes’s jesting countenance slowly replaced itself with one of true contemplation as I spoke. As I finished, only a temporary pause was needed before he replied.
But what I’ve found is that yes, even Sherlock, can be quite the romantic himself (he will probably kill me for saying that publicly, but it must be done).
“You are a soldier, and a doctor. Two things I knew about you from the moment I saw you. You are endlessly vigilant and set on keeping people safe; something I’m not always as good at.” I look down to where the scar under his ribs rests beneath layers of clothes and smile sadly. The one time I failed. “You save lives, everyday, all the time. And you saved mine.” He swallows again and mindlessly runs his thumb along my hand. Tears fall and make the tiniest sound as they hit my collar. I reach up to wipe the marks from my face.
I explain that she kept the paper out in her kitchen but used to keep it folded and she had an unhealthy relationship she recently left.
“Sshhhh,” he whispers to himself, though he is not the one making noise. The shouting from below only gets louder in John’s mind, suffocating his thoughts.
Thirty years have passed since the Wilde verdict, and my feelings on the matter are rather the same as then. Of course I disagree with the decision on a political level, as any sensible individual of my disposition would. But, as a man with a public image, and as someone who loved a man equally as Bohemian as Wilde, it hurt me more than most. To witness the man have such success a mere six months prior, and then suddenly lose his livelihood was nothing short of terrifying. I am fortunate given Holmes and my ability to avoid a similar fate, but it was narrowly done. In our retirement over the last twenty or so years, I have seen various redirected messages originally sent to Baker Street by suspicious, prying folk. Individuals who believe it to be their business what habits Holmes and myself practice in our own home, despite neither of us ever hearing their names before.
I allowed him to put his weight against me, lying down on the cushions. I wrapped my right arm around his waist, my thumb running a line along his back. His head fit in the curve of my neck, peppering soft kisses just there. Bringing my lips to his crown, I repeated a similar motion.
“C’mon, John, let’s go back upstairs. I have a new album to show you,” Sherlock gestures for him to stand up as he makes his way back to the privacy of his bedroom.
“Was there a time you were intending to tell me that the only way for all of these pieces to possibly have worked,” Sherlock continues. “Were if someone incredibly close to me provided access to constant viewing abilities for my daily activity?”
“Or is it because I’m so obviously a victim who needs to be protected by all of you? I don’t need your protection, or your mum’s, or anybody’s! I don’t need
I know my body is following the doctor and nurses and Mary towards the room in the maternity ward, but my brain has been left behind. The lights of the ward pierce my eyes and I have to sit down in the waiting room, away from the voices and sounds of the room.
If anything at all, I was thankful for the lack of truly horrid news. At the very least, the information was neutral in nature and merely an account of things. I prayed that the next update we received would not be any different, though I knew that was unlikely.
Holmes did not speak any further, we merely shut our eyes and attempted to let rest overtake us. The weight of him sat on my chest, keeping me grounded to the bed and to the world. Our breaths linked up as I slipped into a deep sleep.
“His face when Lestrade arrested him,” he says in a high-pitched squeal. (A word that, although he isn’t fond of, is incredibly fitting.)
“Six years ago I was committed to the idea that I had to be alone. I thought it was easier to say I wanted to be alone than want something else and not get it. Er… when I… when I met you, I tried to impress you. I thought I needed to act above feelings so you wouldn’t get put off by the fact that I had them… for you.” I giggle softly, our friends and family follow along.
He looks down at his feet and shakes his head, “Why not?!” John brings his head back up to meet my eyes and has a disbelieving smile across his face. “You bloody moron! She’s out there, she likes you, and she’s
“O-oh, sure, let me just put a coat on,” he responds, taken aback for a mere moment before he understands what’s happening. They’ve done this social dance before.
Five minutes later, we had to lift our heads off the other’s shoulders and bring our arms back to our sides. We approached the inn, checked into the room, and made our way up to the first floor. After dropping our bags off, we headed back down to the inn’s dining room to have a comforting, warm dinner. Holmes opted to eat very little, as was custom for the night before a case. Instead, he enjoyed a cup of coffee. There were little words exchanged between us, we merely existed in one another’s companionable quiet. At one point, though, Holmes went to speak to the innkeeper briefly. He was an older gentleman, with graying brown hair and a gentle smile. I could not overhear any of their discussion, but it was such a quick conversation, Holmes had already returned to our table by the time I had fully formulated my thought.
“You secretly like these Bond films, don’t you?” I ask him when the living room is dark and we’re far too close together on the sofa.
John sits in his bedroom late on Saturday night, with Sex Pistols playing softly on his record player. He knows he’s listening to it wrong; the music can only be appreciated fully when the sheer volume shakes the foundations. If it plays any louder, his dad is bound to burst through the door, full of rage and hatred, ready to slap his calloused palm across his son’s face. The lyrics whisper in the background of John’s thoughts, attempting to distract him. The muffled shouting from downstairs is masked by the heavy punk beat.
The sun set over the earthy, unpaved country road, leaving shadows of trees upon our faces. After a silent, peaceful moment of this, I decided to say what was occupying my mind for far too long.
Sherlock rolls his eyes with a playful grin, “They’re from Manchester, and I got a couple of their albums on vinyl and on tape. You have your Walkman, yeah?”
“Oh, nothing really,” my friend said carelessly. “Merely inquiring about the culture of the area. Hatherleigh is rather new to me.”
“I gathered that may be the case,” she replies, handing John a clean towel. Somehow she picked all that up before even seeing the two of them downstairs. This family… “And would you like to tell me why you were on the creek at 11 o’clock on a school night, Sherlock?”
Time ceases to exist. Eventually, I’m in a car. Some time after that I’m in Mycroft’s office. The chair’s leather is too smooth and feels like a seat of oil on my skin. Mycroft stares at me. His voice pierces through my skull.
“I spent far too many days of my life pushing away from that, and I’d like to stop now. I’d like to spend what time I have left here, with you, seeing the world.”
While I didn’t have to get our rings sent back for fittings, I did send them back to get engraved. The other’s name carved into the inside of our respective steel bands; as if to brand our skin with a mark to make not only ourselves, but the world know who we belong to.
Oooh boy, we've finally got some true angst on our hands haven't we? Let me know what you think of this chapter please, as your feedback means the world to me.
John looks at me and I see (what must be a false) tenderness in his eyes for a split second before he stoically dips his head and says, “I’ll text you, okay? Call me if you need anything.”
“I love you the same, Sherlock,” I whispered as my fingers passed through his loose hair. I gently leaned my head down, so my lips could meet his forehead, and he hummed in approval.
My marriage is a ghost. It already was. I drown my first week of being childless with 4 bottles of scotch whiskey and I do not know when my wife is here and isn’t.
He looks away from me and swallows, he doesn’t want to tell me but he has to. “The woman you know as Mary Morstan was never pregnant.”
“I see you have decided to have some late night adventures,” Violet Holmes says in her typical, gentle cadence. But there’s a very slight venom behind it.
“Truly, it was not. The least someone of your social stature and position could have done was leave me entirely behind, doomed to enter into a loveless marriage,” Miss Bennett responded in. “Pepper and myself are endlessly grateful, Mr. Holmes.”
The two of us eventually peeled ourselves away from each other to get dressed for the day and nibble on some bread before departing. We had received some mail within our letterbox, but concluded it was best to leave that for after our return.
He grumbles with a playfulness that makes me smile wider. “Why can’t the rest of the world just go away for a few days?”
“I cannot say for certain, as the schedule of a trial this sensitive is impossible to predict. However, given the current circumstances, I would not imagine the date being before the end of the month. We must wait approximately one week before returning, so as to not associate our arrival with the conclusion of trial.”
me! I cannot imagine why you would grace Wembury of all places with that brain, I really can’t. Is it a truly fascinating case, is it?”
On the morning of April 20, I awoke to find Holmes sat beside me, fully clothed, with a letter in hand. Initially, I thought it was from Mycroft once again; perhaps we had received news on the Wilde case. However, as I regained my sense, I realised the flamboyant scrawl of a signature upon the bottom of the page. Certainly not something the systematic Mycroft Holmes would do. I sat up silently to see what Holmes could possibly be so drawn in by, and was able to read what was written.
“Moriarty’s back, John, we have to do something. Now.” Sherlock looks at my hand, latched onto his bicep. I pull him closer.
“Hi,” I reply. “It’s been a bit, hasn’t it?” Molly already has her coffee, and as I wait in the queue to get my own, she stands beside me to talk.
I can’t think about Sherlock, I can’t answer his texts or emails. I can’t look at pictures of him without feeling guilt swirl through me like a vicious ooze. I haven’t gotten to the point where I’m really able to understand why that is, but it just is. The guilt leads to anger. The anger makes me want to punch something or drink more or both. I pretend this is okay.
“Hello,” I reply. He keeps making over his clothing as if there’s anything in need of fixing (there isn’t; he’s perfect), when I walk over to him and hug him from behind, kissing his hair. I pull away just enough so my voice isn’t muffled, and lean my forehead against the back of his crown.
“After the journey they’ve had, I should think they would want fresh, hot tea. Would either of you like some? It is no trouble, surely,” I said, already making my way to the kitchen.
I look at him and try to smile. My chest has yet to stop hurting. Before I let myself think, I find myself brushing a curl away from Sherlock’s forehead.
I scramble for my mobile and quickly dial 999 whilst keeping pressure on John’s leg wound. I half-scream the address and severity of the situation through the receiver, and the moment the man says the ambulance is en route, I instantly hang up and send a text to Lestrade:
John starts to notice their classmates stare at Sherlock outside of the teacher’s gaze. He frowns and taps Sherlock on the shoulder, even though he’s unsure if his friend is aware of what’s happening.
“You,” I mirror from just 6 hours before. I can’t keep my eyes open. I have to close them so the world doesn’t escape through them. Tears start to form under my eyelids and before they can fall John speaks again.
“I’d love that.” John beams back at me. Truly beams, as if he’s a ray of sunlight. My chest fills up.
“You had another set of uneasy dreams, I see,” Holmes mentioned, running his palm up and down my back.
The door to my hospital room bursts open at that moment and John Watson is holding a fire extinguisher and I wonder how I could have expected anything else. John pulls Smith off of me with undeniable force and pins him in a headlock. Lestrade is behind him.
“I love you,” I say because I must. I say because absolutely nothing else could come out of my mouth right at this minute.
It comes as no surprise to me when John doesn’t talk to me at all for the next month. I try to go over physically but he’s either not there or won’t answer the door every time.
I wait for him to keep going. I know these words aren’t for me specifically. I let him speak when he wishes to.
Exactly one month after John lost his child and Mary managed to escape our trap is when I decide to bring cocaine back into my bloodstream. I pretend those events are unrelated.
Reality stops for a moment as I think about what could happen if I tried to hug him right now and the thought morphs into me sitting in the waiting room, about to pass out on his shoulder as my daughter dies in a delivery room. I see red. I feel heat and anger boil within me for reasons I can’t quite explain.
“I turned in my 2 weeks to the GP office,” I say over breakfast one morning. He looks up at me and his face is soft, not quite hardened with the weight of the day.
About 5 and a half years ago, on 29 January, 2010, I was introduced to a man I then described as, “certainly arrogant and really quite rude and he looks about 12 and he's clearly a bit public school and, yes, I definitely think he might be mad but he was also strangely likeable. He was charming.”
The alcohol makes the tears that fall down my face feel like molasses and I think of how my dead daughter might have looked in my arms as I held her if I had the guts to just
“Faith had precisely what was coming to her, Mr. Holmes. She wasn’t long for this world as it was, anyway, was she? But you know that already.”
Hello everyone! It’s been awhile since I’ve posted on here, and many new things have happened that I want to share.
I gave a nod to my partner as a signal that I was about take on our equally collective response. He approved with a long-lasting blink.
His father may be the only one with alcohol running through his veins, but the Watson household slows and sloshes with drink as if it exists in the walls.
“I built this whole wing. Kept firing the architect and builders so no one knew quite how it all fitted together. I can slip in and out anywhere I like, you know... when I get the urge.”
John reads the name—the real, true name—at the bottom of the page and finds his hand is shaking. His vision blurs in a haze that is not caused by the alcohol. Thoughts somehow both race and freeze at the same time, scattering across John’s mind.
As time passes, I keep trying and failing to help. Sherlock is always there in the waiting room with a full cup of water when I come back.
John watches, frozen, as Sherlock shoots up from his seat on the bed to run down the stairs shouting, “I’ll get it!” As the front door opens with a creak, John wakes himself from stillness enough to move down to the first landing to listen.
When the telegrams and letters from Baker Street arrived at our cottage, the mass of papers overwhelmed me. We brought them all into the study, hoping that one of the dozens could provide some salvation from potential dangers of public discovery.
“Up until a few months ago I’m sure you didn’t think I wanted relationships at all… but,” he inhales again. “I don’t want anyone else, John. I never have, and I never will. And I know I’ve already made a vow to you once before but, I’d like if perhaps this time they could be just between the both of us instead.”
They immediately place Sherlock in Intensive Care, as per my demand. I tell the doctors they have to keep me up to date on how he’s doing throughout the process or I’ll go in there myself. Finally, after a few hours, they let me go into Sherlock’s room.
“If you would like to leave, we may. But, there is little harm in remaining at Upper Killay until we depart for the city,” he said, running his hand up my arm to rest upon my shoulder.
“Why can’t Wilde find some way to escape?” I demanded, whilst still keeping my voice hushed. “Surely he has acquaintances on the continent to offer him salvation, far from this persecution.”
A silence as the two boys sit adjacent to one another on Sherlock’s mattress. The air is heavy with John’s lack of words. He can’t lie to Sherlock, he knows that well enough. The longer he pretends this is like all the other times, the worse it will get.
“John doesn’t have to know, though, does he? Doesn’t care enough to answer my texts. Doesn’t want me.” I hate the words as they come out of my mouth.
“I-I know that you’ve had negative experiences before with… relationships… and I know you might not…” he trails off again and tightens his grip on my hand.
“Really? That’s bad luck, isn’t it? Goodnight. Go away. I need a cup of tea,” I turn to the kitchen. She walks away, I guess.
“Didn’t you know, dad, dykes set the trends now?” She says, trying to poke at his chest. Before she reaches him, though, he grabs her arm.
Part of me wants to curl myself around him and tell him everything’s okay and the other part wants to run the opposite direction as far as possible without stopping and never live a life where Sherlock Holmes is a concern of mine. But I know that just means I would stop living a life at all. My brain can’t seem to make up it’s mind so I take a deep breath as he slowly gets himself up and out of his temporary prison.
“It’s… it’s been all right, I suppose,” I lie. She gives me a look, telling me she sees through the layers of my own bullshit.
Christmas morning is grey, lifeless, empty. Harry’s vacant seat on the sofa silences the three remaining Watson’s with a weight that cannot be acknowledged if James is here. John drinks his morning tea, eats his mother’s delicious breakfast, and then around half-noon, he makes the phone call. Asks if he’s welcome to intrude on the Holmes family’s somewhat unconventional Christmas celebrations. Of course, of course, he is.
“I will give a reasonable and eloquent argument towards the benefits, since having the apiary in my bedroom would not only add convenience, but safety for anyone that wants to be in the garden.”
Holmes was excitable due to his fascination with the history of Wembury. He went on endlessly and passionately about the most niche details he could muster, and every word drew me in further with love. Seeing him so engulfed in study always brought joy to me, it was his natural state. He was comfortable and truly himself in those times.
He finally looks back up at me with pleading eyes. “It was nothing.” His words don’t match his face.
She sits down and tells me her name is Faith Smith. I’m not too far gone to not be here right now. Still here in my flat. Still hear her words. Sometimes I’m not here at all.
I’m not surprised to find a black car outside the hospital, ready and equipped to take me home. One of Mycroft’s minions opens the door for me and welcomes me into the roomy town car.
John only works four hours today, so I utilise my time as best as possible to make it truly perfect. Signifiers of our lives together cover the sitting room entirely. His old cane leans against the chair next to the sofa. My violin with the song I composed back during our first New Years together (which I imagine he didn’t know was for him at the time), sit on the coffee table. A menu to Angelo’s (which we both admittedly know back-to-front) is on the desk.
The delivery room has probably 8 nurses in there and our doctor all crowded around Mary. I know this is bad but I can’t get close enough to ask any of them what’s wrong and my brain is only about half-working. I know I should stay anyway,
Both young women blinked back an empathetic sadness between one another before Miss Bennett found the words to reply.
“Harry?” Sherlock heard from John’s twin about her intent to cut her hair just a few days ago, of course he knows.
Every scar across his torso, those he chose to have to let his true self shine, and those that were inflicted upon him from unfriendly hands, were different pieces to a story of Sherlock Holmes. It’s a story I would read again and again, loving every possible minute.
It’s half-ten on a Wednesday, when much of London’s secondary school students are winding down to sleep. John Watson, however, is quickly, shakily, making his way across the city.
you, and it was directed to an audience of people. I… I spent weeks trying to make every word perfect and precise so I would say just enough but not too much. And that same evening I made a vow to protect you no matter what happened to me,” he checks with me to keep going by stroking his thumb along my knuckle and I respond in kind.
in a somewhat Ziggy Stardust-esque font. The background is a bright yellow, and a black triangle frames four shadowy male figures, contrasted by the bright oranges, yellows, and purples that surround them. Along the bottom of the triangle are the words
I pull a chair up next to the right side of the bed and let him sleep. I can feel the weight of the day pulling me down as time (hours, minutes?) passes. Sherlock’s sleep deepens. My hand is placed lazily on the bed. I never text Mary.
“Hiya, Sherlock,” James Watson’s voice booms. “Johnny decided to run off during Christmas, and I can’t seem to find out where he went. I figured here was the best place to look.” Even if the common witness would not be able to place it, John senses the drink beneath his father’s words. The venom. The rage.
Harry is silent for a moment before nodding in compliance, only to turn to John and give him a grin. She wasn’t going to back down today.
John tries to attack Mary from his own sheer rage, and she shoots him in the thigh to debilitate him. There’s a blur of me shooting Mary in the heart and me throwing John the gun when he tells me to do so. He’s limping and in pain, but it’s not enough to stop him from shooting James Moriarty in the skull, for real this time, and kicking him with his good leg into the depths of the pool.
It takes Sherlock slightly less time than John to realize their physical situation and the silence is unbearably loud in John’s ears. But, Sherlock doesn’t pull away or move, he actually relaxes after a moment. Then, before John even knows what’s happening, Sherlock Holmes nuzzles more into his chest and squeezes just barely at John’s torso with his right arm that’s currently draped across him. John realizes he’s currently being treated as a pillow, and he’s ok with that.
John was taken aback by her gentleness for a moment. He has been visiting Sherlock’s house for years at this point, and yet even still he is shocked by how forgiving Violet and Siegfried are to both their own children, as well as to him. Even if there is discipline, it is backed with an obvious concern, and most of all, love. Sherlock and Mycroft may not always see it, but John does. John always, always does.
