Then he shows me his handiwork. I instantly recognize the anger and the horror behind his colouring job. The head of the boy has almost been torn away from the rest of the paper.
Underneath the glowing sign front, a smaller sign reads: ''Thick-cut chips. Piping hot burgers. Ice-cream Floats. Brooklyn-inspired Egg Creams...and more! Come on in and see for yourself what all the crowing is about!''
''You need to call him back, for starters. It took all his strength to call you initially. And he won't call again. His bloody pride won't allow it!''
''You too, Peter,'' I mumble to the passing dust, and then turn to take in the roan brick building. It looks somehow more imposing than it did on the first night I came to visit Sherlock.
''Sentiment, yes,'' he begins, putting the pajamas back down on the bed, ''I will get changed now,'' he adds awkwardly.
Sherlock tugs at one of his gloves. Not because he's hot, I suspect; more to do with the fact that he wants to keep his attention focused on anything that is removed, in some form, from this line of questioning.
''I'm not calling you a liar,'' John says after taking a second or two to compose himself. When he speaks again it is calmly, reasonably. ''I am saying that if you want to take this seriously, I will help you. And I'm saying that if you call Dr. Pascal back, you'll see that he still has two open sessions for Mondays and Fridays, at 2 pm.''
I feel scared and I feel happy and I feel confused. I'm never scared about things like this before. But there is no 'this' for me, either. No person whose ever meant to me what Sherlock means to me.
''Beyond your recent cases?,'' she smiles at me, ''In a sense, yes. He's been to a handful of my holiday parties in the last 12 years or so. But back then Greg wasn't DI. It was some man named...Morrisey, I believe. Detective Inspector Morrisey, yes. And Sherlock was just this young little thing. Believe it or not he was quite different then too. He's calmed down, some.''
I frown at the easy dismissal, and remind myself that Sherlock is a master at redirecting conversations. He's done it with amazing finesse since I first met him.
The doctor in question, Dr. Amelia Davidson, is seated at a hard wood desk and is making notes on a tablet. She raises her head when she sees us approach and gives us a perfunctory sort of smile – and then waves us forward.
I brush at the image, reminding myself that I can come back to the photograph later; that to focus too intently on it right now might be counter-productive to actually getting through the upcoming meeting with my emotions in check. So I give one last look at the image - and trace the peter-pan collars which edge the neck of his child-form - before gingerly putting the photograph back into my pocket.
A moment later a doctor in his late 50's enters the room, holding a file. He gives Sherlock - who is now looking once more off towards the edge of the room, and not at any one person - a clinical look of assessment.
''Sherlock,'' Yuri rushes forward - his hands outwards. Splayed in some laughable and almost-alien gesture of peace.
Finding an extra blanket in my closet, I re-make my bed. My room does get a lot colder than the rest of the house. That part wasn't a lie.
''Okay, thank you. I appreciate that. That's high praise coming from you. Even so, it does seem like every time I've gone out on a date, or met up with a woman - even just a potential girlfriend - well, it seems like-''
had come in too close. whomever was niggling me and making me tense and freeze and act like more of a dick
''You don't understand,'' I stammer, my voice betraying the countenance I want to project. I want to seem strong and solid. Someone Sherlock can rely on now that he's at his most exhausted. But I'm only coming across as weak myself. ''I was talking to him about stuff, Mycroft. Stuff I knew he didn't want to face, and-''
"I get it. Loud and clear. You need to sleep now, and you don't want to talk. Certainly not to me," I say resolutely. "If, however, you decide that you want to explain yourself then I will listen. I will sit down and I will listen, and I will do my best to understand. But I'm not talking in circles around this issue, Sherlock. I'm not going to pretend something so serious never happened."
''I was only three, John. Three,'' he pants out, stricken. ''I never had a chance. He never gave me a chance!''
The leaves were turning from their vibrant gold to a much more sedate brown and the early morning fog cast the park in an eerie sort of autumnal splendor. I pulled my scarf tightly across my throat and took a sip of my Americano, then glanced at my watch, fiddled with the leather strap.
''Slicing through your radial artery. Shooting yourself in the head. Hanging yourself,'' he grits out. ''Taking arsenic! Any of the above, Yuri!''
''There are things in my mind that I don't believe I can express with words,'' I mouthed, breath as the lightest stream of air and softer than a whisper. 'I don't just mean that I find it hard to know what I feel. I mean - memories, too. I can't order them, and when I can at all - I certainly can't speak of them.''
''I tried to tell him a bit about myself; how I always wanted to meet him. I told him I was a detective, and I worked in London, and if he wanted to communicate in French with me, he could, because I am fluent in French. I - he-,'' Sherlock stops, his face reddens, as if he's admitting something embarrassing. ''He said I was a mistake he had made a long time ago, and I wasn't to contact him or any member of his family again. That I had my own family to look out for, and he had his own family to consider, and that he had written me off before I was born. That it was too late, too much time had gone-''
''That really doesn't change the nature of this admission, sir. At this time, I cannot provide visitor access to this patient.''
“You are looking even more handsome than you were twenty-five minutes ago - if that’s possible,” I reply, glancing back down to Sherlock’s file.
For a brief, flashing moment he seems like nothing more than a paper cut out doll, walking around a surreal English garden.
''As is,'' I say under my breath. ''No. Not at all. I do not trust Mycroft's opinion of doctors. Made that mistake twice, thank you very much. Both times ended badly.''
"But it's the truth, Sherlock. And I thought you'd prefer the truth more than anything else right now."
''Can I have more water now?,'' I ask quickly, shrugging back on my turtleneck, and then affixing my coat once everything else is in place.
"Do you have something you need to tell me?," I ask suddenly, my voice taking on a syrupy tone. The mockery loud and clear.
''But I feel like I might be sick,'' I pant at last. ''I don't see the point of eating something if I won't help but get sick afterwards.''
I quickly study the other photographs, and see a variation in weight, in size. The oldest photographs are the most marked, and the man in these photos looks the sickest. In one, he's wearing a red polo shirt, and his face is the colour of Elmer's glue. His green eyes marred by deep under-eye shadowing.
His question would likely sound like a euphemism to someone who didn’t know him all that well, and that would be an understandable belief - yet they’d be dead-wrong.
The description of hypoglycemic shock is something I have personally experienced, and trust me - it's not a fun experience. Death by insulin overdose would certainly not be a peaceful way to go, although it can be relatively fast.
The combination is neither sophisticated or womanly, but it's me, and by this point in my life I have stopped caring quite so much what other people think of my attire.
I do my arms next, and then my face. Finally I grab the bottle once more to get slightly more gel, and apply the cleanser to my thighs, and between my legs - looking at the shower curtain as I do so. I feel around until my fingertips connect with the slightly raised ridge of keloid scars and then I move lower to complete the routine on my calves and feet.
''Oh God - he's broken the skin,'' I said queasily, never being one that was good with blood. ''Oh, please - just, come with me. At least let me help you patch it.''
"Was there a fire?," I ask calmly, after a few moments of deciding how to proceed with John. "You look...unnerved."
I had looked up at him, my brain temporarily slowed, the racing thoughts temporarily slowed. I had appreciated that question, liked the very possibility of hope that he was granting me if only because it had been the first time someone had ever asked that of me.
And when I finally sit back down in my seat, and wait for Yuri and Sherlock's return, it's not so much with the faint overwhelm of Sherlock's ire or Yuri's admonishments - but a tremulous hope that everything Sherlock has ever needed is within his grasp - right here in this office.
His eyes continue to flutter, and for a second I am reminded of a man caught in the midst of a seizure.
On top of that, he squirted a generous portion of hot sauce over his fare. Which I honestly had not even brought to the table, keeping in mind that with his healing stomach spices should be regulated. If not avoided outright until he was feeling better.
“He could have been me,” he replies softly. “The last one. Not Toby, but the last one who was murdered. And now he’s gone forever, even though he only really suffered while he was here. And I can’t fix anything. I can’t make it better for him.”
It is so much easier for me to piss off and aggravate others. Force their hand, and make them hate me. Make them stay away. And usually it works, too - the John Watson's and Molly Hooper's of the world aside.
''Don't you play me,'' and she swallows, her face contorted and looking sour. Nauseated. ''He should not be on this case at all, should he?''
''Sherlock, let it go,'' I dismiss with false ease. It's true: I want him to let this go. But not for the reasons he thinks.
''Well, I...Sherlock knows I've been confused about some things lately. I mean, maybe relating to that topic,'' and I make a vague motion with my hand.
Perhaps I thought I'd have time to get through the really bad stuff first, and that I could approach it gently with him, at a better time. But I obviously can't. Because he's losing weight far too quickly, and he's bringing up blood, and now is as good a time as ever to mention my concern. Since he seems so adamant for me to speak my piece.
''You are...amazing,'' I test, the words strange in my throat because of the feeling of romantic attraction I know, deep down, is currently mingled with the longstanding platonic affection, if not love, that I've always had for him.
I let my head loll against his shoulder. When I focus on the sensation, and not the meaning behind it - it's not as scary.
''C'mere,'' and he finally leans against me. His head coming to rest across my throat, dark curls limp from sweat. I wrap my hands around his back.
And then another deeper, fuller thought inserts itself into the barely conscious portion of my mind.
Molly doesn't argue. She doesn't even comment at all. Just heads back to the other room without meddlesome commentary, and a few seconds later I hear the sound of an electric can opener. Bruno's ears perk up, and then he is off to the races.
And even if you were cutting yourself with a razor blade in the downstairs guest bathroom with the lights off, clad in nothing at all but your underpants because you were well aware of how terribly angry the others would be if they knew what you doing - it still felt like a resplendent sort of lashing back against those that wanted to harm you.
Still, I said nothing - even though part of me wanted to know if he was gearing for another confrontation. If he was looking for a reason to get upset.
I hold on a few more moments, waiting for the eager agreement that he doesn't need my help. That he's fine. That he needs to heal his stomach ulcers and other physical disorders. That he is happy I am aware that John is overreacting - and so on.
My stomach feels ready to split. It is grotesquely large now, whereas an hour before it lay concave, with my hip bones protruding. Now, the protruding bones are covered up by swollenness. By disgusting, assaulting bloat.
And I would sit in my room, which he had gotten some over-priced decorators to paint in blue hues. Replete with a painted sky, like something from a Turner piece. Cumulus clouds. Obviously meant to be calming. Obviously meant to help me to sleep.
"I'm going to make us some tortellini," my flat mate finally states, sighing. "You like tortellini, don't you? You told me to order it once. At Angelo's."
''How do you know that you had romantic feelings for Victor? Not simply affection? He was kind to you after a period when many people had been horribly cruel. It's understandable that'd you'd appreciate his kindness.''
In another lifetime, looking at his face from this angle, I would have taken his expression for arousal.
''Your doctor has discussed everything about the diet you are to follow? Your post-gastectomy plan?''
We walked along the cobblestone, back to my residence. Sherlock rubbed his hands together occasionally, to heat them up.
Not to mention that the symbolism here is undeniably textbook. The parcel knife that Sherlock used to hurt himself as an adolescent would be turned on his abuser. Drugging his father would make the older man – had he still been alive, that is - physically weak and prevent all attempts at crying out for aid. It is a classic reversal of roles.
Back then, it meant that my older brother had come to push out all the bad of the evening, and keep me company until daybreak so that I could rest. Rest knowing that, at least for a little while, I was safe again. I'd hold onto Mycroft as if he was a big, breathing doll. I thought he would protect me, but he never could, and part of me understands that, too. Part of me always did understand that it wasn't Mycroft's fault. Never his fault. Even so, Mycroft never had to go through it. Never had it happen to him directly. He witnessed, he observed, but he didn't endure it - and as unfair as it may be - part of me has always hated him for his retained innocence. For getting to grow up and not know the awful feelings that came with it all.
Bruno nestles himself between my thigh and the sofa, and suddenly starts to purr as I pet the top of his head, his ears.
''In many ways...the situation is similar. You were and still are exhausted, and what you did was impulsive. You didn't do it to hurt me, or to hurt Mycroft. I know you didn't. I also don't even think you did it to hurt yourself, really. It looks like self-harm, and maybe we can loosely call it that. But I think there is a much deeper motivation here for you; I think you want the pain to stop.''
''How could you do it the first time? I need to understand why Sherlock, or your words are meaningless.''
And Yuri told me that it was common for those to experience what he referred to as secondary alexithymia during periods of intense psychological stress.
''He was extraordinarily aggressive to some of the doctors. One in particular. And this one doctor was just giving it right back. I felt like I was witnessing something of an emotional transaction there. Like it was going to come to fisticuffs, especially on Sherlock's side, and I've never sensed that before. That he'd physically assault someone. But lately? I've seen this new side to him, and I don't like it. I need to know I can trust him to maintain basic composure.''
''Likely late,'' and the ginger haired man rises, gives me a slight nod. ''I am going to get one of those vending machine atrocities, as I feel at this time that some caffeine would be better than none. John, can I get you anything?''
John's whole face pinches and I look down at my legs. At the tray of food still nestled against my body, waiting for admission into my throat, into my belly.
At that second, a sliver of pain ripples across the interior of my stomach like a shard of glass being pulled over flesh.
I feel something like shame wash over me. Me - John Watson - who could barely read a lick until the age of 9.
I have a million swirling thoughts, all vying for my attention right now. I have a hundred different things I could say to John – only, as with everything else these days – I don’t know if I want to talk, or if I want to remain silent. If I could wish for any one thing to really change, it wouldn’t be my weight. It would be my thoughts.
''Sherlock will get that little boy to talk. Maybe not today, or tomorrow. But he will. He can, so he will. He's not going to let it rest. Obviously this was an attack on Toby. My guess? Toby was going to say something. Going to expose his abuser. So the stakes are high, right? It's likely someone Toby knows quite well.''
''Can you not be so cryptic for once in your life?,'' I question with a harshness that I really don't feel.
''Not going to happen,'' I whisper. ''The others are wondering where you are as it is,'' I mutter, my hand floating in the air - inches from his back. I finally let my hand drop to my side.
''I'm not stupid, Sherlock! I'm not the idiot you think I am! I found ways around my disability, obviously!''
"Neither do I," I start, honestly. Honesty is never the wrong way to proceed. If I can't name something, can't grasp it, can't conceive of the ugliness of a situation, I can still be honest with him about who I am and not turn away. "What do you want me to do?"
I have the faintest suspicion that there could be another diagnosis under his overt disorder here, but that will have to wait for future exploration.
We then find an outside table with two chairs and people-watch for a few minutes as we eat the pastries. The little flecks of the croissant break apart and fall over the table with messy abandon while I take measured bites, trying to focus on the taste and the heat as contrasted by the relative damp of the outside air.
''Trying to determine if maybe what you really dislike is not me, perhaps, having romantic feelings for someone else, but the idea of me being with someone else. That way. Sexually.''
''For the vitamins,'' he adds with a false brightness, as if trying to gloss over his earlier words. ''The marmite is high in B vitamins. It's healthy.''
I see him lick his lips apprehensively but I do not say anything, even though my thoughts are racing.
My cheeks flush at our proximity. Somehow, his hand has come to rest across the back of my shoulder blades. Almost like the start of a hug. Without the hugging. It's weird.
He doesn't respond - merely clamps down further against my neck, his short limbs barely reaching my knees, as I brace his back and bottom with one side - gingerly - aware of his injuries.
Sarah interrupts me. ''John, take a breath. Sherlock of all people? He'd know when he was pushing your buttons. And if you're this concerned about what happened, he's also going to know that you did what you did impulsively. It holds no weight - he knows his role. He's the most observant person I've ever met.''
''Your-,'' and the doctor bites his lip, having no idea our relationship to one another, and obviously not wanting to overstep any boundaries or inadvertently insult me by insinuating that we are partners. ''Sherlock-''
For a second, anxiety blooms in my bowels. For a second - I wonder if John has mentioned something more to Lestrade. Something more about me.
Sherlock nods dully, as Molly approaches a few seconds later, carrying forward a bowl of salad, tossed, sans dressing.
When he still hasn't responded, I feel a slight irritation bloom in my solar plexus. Because I will not operate around him if he is determined to treat me as if I am made of spun glass. I am not breakable, I am not weak, and I am not a child in need of molly coddling. I will leave the flat for extended periods of time and go for walks if that's what is needed to bypass this awkwardness.
''I want as much of this to be in your hands. But I have cleared it with Yuri. He's amenable to working with you. You set the parameters.''
''Tell Lestrade to solve this himself. Toby's mother tried to kill her own son. My guess? Well, the father is obviously gay, or bisexual at the least - I've never been that great with sexual-orientation-guessing. Probably resultant from my extreme lack of interest with any matter dealing with sex. But you know how that goes, don't you? Or, I guess - you being, well, you...you don't.''
''Yes, you are. You must be. I know you must be; but it's not entirely under my control. Do you understand? It's not under my control any longer,'' and the words come out so quickly that I blink back tears at what he is admitting. What I'm sure he's never really admitted to anyone.
September 28th, 1979 is the date of the photo, or at very least - the date when the photo was developed. The back of the print is yellowed and the edges are soft and almost sandy in texture. I flip the photo around and bite my lip.
Removing the blue robe, I pull up my pajama bottoms. They are a new blue silk. Longer than before. Wider, too. But they don't hide my form as well as I had hoped, though they are handsome clothes. Covered in dots. Small, scattered. Like stars in a galaxy. Calming. Not effeminate like Mycroft's goose pajamas, given to me several years ago (and thank goodness those are now good and gone!).
He's still healing from the gastrectomy, and I must not forget that. Many people do lose weight naturally after such a surgery and most feel nauseated.
The surge of hurt and affection, one mishmash-ed ball of confusion is back, and I stroke his hand. Feel the protruding veins under the paper skin.
''I have some too,'' he says swiftly, again probably to put to rest any strange notions I'd have about him sleeping in the nude as he's slept in the past. ''I obtained a few extra pairs after the ones from Mycroft tore, and-''
''I - I had better be off,'' he stumbled awkwardly, brushing his injured hand against his cardigan. When his hand drew away from his clothing, I could see a smear of hot red in an arc over the wool.
''No! I'm not some wild animal! You don't need to talk to me like that! I hate it when people talk to me like that!''
''Fine,'' I say uneasily, knowing that given the mood I am in right now, anything in my stomach is likely to make me feel worse. Sicker, not stronger.
And I find that mindset - of wanting to cultivate illness - hard to entertain. Perhaps impossible to fully comprehend, and yet no one can tell me that Sherlock wants to be like this.
''But you know he's prone to something very dark and very ugly and you never, ever told me until it was upon us all! Don't you see how those actions could trigger him?,'' I exclaim. ''How what you are doing could have set him off?!''
"But it wasn't. And part of you is still very angry with him. Even now. Is it because he was unable to stop it from happening?"
Even if I simply want to stare rigidly and fixedly at the wall. My limbs immobile. A blanket over my body. Scarcely breathing.
I don't want to rush him, so I give him time to formulate his sentence even though it appears he doesn't know how to continue.
''There are others, too. I am not typical. Sometimes I think that I don't really understand the social niceties. I can lie, and not feel guilty about it, and John says I am often impulsive, and prone to irritability and-''
Mycroft suddenly gets up, and grabs his coat from the hall closet - which he applies quickly, sans scarf or gloves.
I continue on until I can feel the tension drain from my body, and when I open my eyes again - it is early dawn, and I can see a few people milling about in the distance - including a young female runner of about 22 or 23 years of age stretching by the gate entry. She looks up at me, gives me a welcoming little wave to be polite, then resumes her stretching.
When he speaks, his voice whistles out a bit of air - caught in the lost space where he's just lost a tooth. It gives his words a squeaking sound.
''Sherlock? Come on. I can't make this go away. I can't do this alone. I need you to communicate with me.''
''That's not why I'm here,'' I protest weakly. ''And we're not. A couple. We couldn't be, regardless of how I felt.''
How I long for it to stop. To envision the skin of my inner colon as pure and uncontaminated. Pink, and clean, and fresh. Not full of putrescing foods and liquids. Not full of materials indicating weakness. Not full of anything at all.
John's hand connects with mine. Cups mine. I feel his other hand at my lower back. Light pressure. Circular.
''They've already lost it, John. All of them,'' Sherlock finally intones a few seconds later, sounding sour.
''I can't do that!,'' I pant, grabbing his arms and pulling him towards my torso. ''Just stop. Stop it, Sherlock. Please. ''
''Why is this so hard? For me?,'' and Sherlock glances up at then, nervous distress clear in his eyes. They are grey-blue round moons, imploring me to make sense of it. Some sort of emotional sense, even though - of course - I can't show him logic in the illogic of his actions any better than he can.
''If he doesn't want to talk about it, he doesn't have to! I'm not pushing my son. We will solve this a different way.''
"You can't lighten the mood, Detective Inspector. This child has been attacked. In all likelihood, raped."
''I yelled at John,'' I breathe out. ''I yelled at John because he said it first. First to my face. And I didn't want him to be right.''
Only that, with eating disorders – the body remains the trigger - and exposure of the body to another for any reason remains an issue of incredible sensitivity for a very long time after recovery. In fact, the typical and expected timeframe most need to get used to sharing oneself with another is on a much longer and circuitous path for those with the disorder - sometimes to such a degree that many partners become frustrated and give up on their partner for that reason alone.
I have decide that mashed potatoes might be the closest thing that I can make that doesn't look distantly like baby food. Additionally, it might provide a way to get some extra butter or olive oil into Sherlock's food without having the extra calories be so stunningly obvious.
''You're right. He usually growls first. He's never actually bitten anyone before, though-,'' and I trailed off, expecting a name to follow.
''Stop it. Stop this! Stop all of this! Stop hurting yourself!,'' I rasp as Sherlock's hands clench down around my hands.
Surprisingly, I do see several bags from Tesco's lining the kitchen counter. I blink up at Sherlock. He's currently donning goggles and staring through his microscope with a look of extreme concentration, which I can only assume is an act.
John, again, tries to give me the cup. ''I know,'' he admits sadly, ''but you need it. And that has to be more important than what you want at this stage. Doesn't it?''
Everything is a pastel of reality. Whited out images and ghost-feelings that flit about my consciousness, trapping me in limbo.
I shake my head back and forth, and bring my own arms up and through his hold. Breaking the connection.
''I don't care what you study! This isn't about your auto-didactic pursuits! Your esoteric knowledge base! This is about you, in real time, refusing to help a child when they could die, and you not caring one fucking bit about them!''
''You are trying to see this from its least charitable side, aren't you? Can't you just admit that people care about you and can see that you are sick, and-''
John gives me a tainted smile; a worried one, dampened down around the edges so that I only see, what he hopes, is the smile by itself – not his own anxiety about who I am. What I am.
It's obvious. We have no more physical evidence. We only have a kid who won't talk. Scotland Yard agents can't stick around for a kid who won't talk.
''Hurting other people hurts you. I know you know that. It doesn't even matter if they were cruel people or not. Hurting them - just to hurt them? - that isn't justice. They learn nothing and they keep on hurting other people.''
"You see, it was when Sherlock was 13 that I realized that it was unlikely he would ever be able to have a normal - or shall I say adult - relationship with another person. Certainly not a sexual one."
The boy watches us carefully as we approach, his back leaning into the bedframe as if to pull away. It's obvious he's not happy about the prospect of having visitors right now.
''When I could, I did. Sometimes that presented a different set of issues though, because Harry's friends - most of them - came from families that were almost as dysfunctional as our own. They weren't violent - that's why we stayed with them rather than be at home. But I remember that a lot of the people unnerved me. I don't know if I was actually scared of anyone. But I do remember that the house was often populated with many people that I didn't know at all, and that those people also did drugs. Some were well into their twenties, and I was maybe 10 or 11. So sometimes, before everyone was shooting up or doing whatever else they'd do, I'd go outside and walk around. And sometimes I tried taking a sleeping bag with me to sleep in the shed that the Parsons had. I'd freeze, almost, in the winter. I even developed pneumonia twice and was hospitalized.''
John winces. ''I mean - try to explain to me. Because I don't understand. And I'm sorry that I don't get it. I want to understand, Sherlock. I do.''
It's Molly's number on the display screen. So I let it go to voice mail, and limp back to Baker Street, trying to envision him in the kitchen, working on an experiment. Safe and sound.
''But at one time there must have been something that helped you. You must have found a way to get that anger out.''
''Bleeding ulcer,'' he says solemnly. ''I've even had a partial gastrectomy. Something that possibly could be of equal benefit to yourself as it was for my own person. Varying reasons for it's necessity, of course.''
''Usually,'' Sherlock admits, octave dropping at the admission. ''Sometimes I deviate, but I take vitamins, Yuri. Liquid vitamins. Iron, B12, calcium, vitamin D. Things like that. I am a scientist. I know what essentials I need. It's not bad like John thinks it is.''
I mostly feel numb. And when I don’t feel numb – I mostly feel bad – that much is true. But “feeling bad” is not a good enough descriptor for what I am experience according to Doctor John and Doctor Yuri. I know they want more than words that are baldly basic such as “bad” or “off” or words like “numb” even though this is the closest I can get towards describing my reality without inserting other statements which I have a hard time grasping.
He doesn't even have a glass in hand; here's simply letting water gurgle down the drain at full blast.
''I shouldn't have done that,'' he says with tight, pinched eyes, in an equally tight, pinched voice. ''I'm sorry. Please just...please delete it.''
''Sherlock - all they will know is that a very disturbing case with a traumatized little boy has impacted you. It'll give Donovan something to think about next time she wants to call you Freak, now won't it?''
''Yeah, that's right. I do. For people who actually are looking for a psychotherapist. Not just looking for an alibi so they can get a friend or loved one off their back. I mean, I'm not going to play games with you, Sherlock.''
"I never wanted it in my body," I breathe out again, forcing myself to calm down. Forcing the images out. Not wanting to mix John up with these feelings. These feelings of it all being wrong. All of it being so wrong.
''Yes. One last time. But we aren't dragging this out. It's not fair to Yuri. And you're finishing that yogurt. Then I want you upstairs for a check in.''
I snort involuntarily - then return his gloves to him; he makes short order of pulling them back over his hands.
''Sherlock,'' I start gingerly, moving slightly into his space. Aware of the rigidity of his posture, and his general need for several feet of space around his person-hood that no one (not even me) infringes upon when he's stressed.
I cut her off, knowing I shouldn't. Knowing such an outburst is akin to shining a spot light onto Sherlock, and some small dark figure in the back of my mind is begging me to STOP. Telling me that these are detectives too. And yet a 'look deeper' sign has been tacked to his chest since the beginning. I felt it on day one. I heard it early on - when he questioned 'why?' all the time. Why do people do that? and Why do people think like this, John? Why, why, why. WHY? For all his brilliance, he also has a resounding vulnerability at times. It's not the typical innocent that marks someone as being gullible. But it has a childish edge at times. As if basic emotional reasons - beyond the salacious crime stories he's read, or the information obtained on cases dealing with murder, money laundering, burglary, or other criminal events - is somehow missing from his own emotional repertoire.
So for now - with Sherlock - the primary issue I need to identify has to do with one primary issue alone.
I hold in my air, not wanting to release my breath in guilt. That I have - either recently or at some earlier juncture - ever done anything that could have made John feel average, or mundane. Horrible word, that. Mundane.
It was a medical book, replete with black and white sketches, highly detailed, of different organ systems. Pancreas, liver, female reproductive organs, the lungs. Sherlock's spidery fingers turned through the pages, and Vernet squirmed.
''What else?,'' Yuri goads, while I stay still. Motionless in the bed. ''I can tell that you are a man of precision - so do us both a favour. Be precise now. When it really counts.''
Sherlock's jaw clenches for a nanosecond, before: ''A Perrier, please,'' he requests primly, but his face contorted in sourness.
''I do have the power, at this present time, to progress in a manner which would strip Sherlock of his right to refuse treatment. He'd be committed regardless of his wishes. It would be completely out of his hands at that point. Despite what I know you are going to say to me, I must admit that I am seriously considering that option right now, John.''
In the next moment, he is swallowed up by the indigo darkness of the night sky. As wet and embracing as india ink.
This is not Sherlock doing anything to me, other than trying to express his own confusion. And possibly, latently but possibly - his own sexuality. His own desire.
Sherlock is calmer than earlier, but the change from guarded and snarky to withdrawn and quiet is not a victory, either. He almost looks defeated.
''Oh relax, John. We still have enough time; you haven't even showered yet. I can be ready before-''
''I know you didn't want him to die,'' I croak. ''I understand now that you couldn't cope, psychologically. You couldn't process the facts that were needed to put it together. But you didn't want him to die. You didn't let his time run out, Sherlock. You were just immobilized.''
''Please tell me,'' I urge her, ''it's very important. I mean, what if he were to feel aimless again?''
"It might take me awhile before I no longer am concerned about you. There's also a chance that I might always be concerned about you. It's how I operate when I care about someone. I don't want them to be in pain, if it can be helped. And I don't think ignoring all this stuff is going to make it hurt any less."
''No,'' I snarl, ''this case is all that you need to be concerned with; not Sherlock. Toby is your concern. So keep it about the kid, or count this discussion as over.''
It only contains three pills. John’s removed the rest, as three pills is enough to knock me out for an entire day and then some – and above the dosage I ever should take at any one time, which is a single pill – but he’s left me some room to take a small dose, here and there, before requesting more. (He still requests that he signs the notebook when I do take anything, of course, even a quartered dose - but it’s his overprotective means of granting me the illusion that I still have some small, fractured control.)
The nurse types something out on the computer, her eyes quickly scanning the files, when I suddenly see Donovan rushing forward towards me.
"What? Didn't want me to feel ashamed? What the fuck do you know about shame, Dr. Watson? What do you even know about any of it? Of not being deserving enough to cry, to say no, to ask for anything to stop? I was lucky enough that she hadn't gotten rid of me when she could. Everyone knew it. Mycroft knew it!"
"You don't seem fine, Sherlock. You must realize, at some level, that how you're behaving right now is very disturbing. Would naturally be disturbing to me, as your friend."
''Yes?,'' and my voice, I know, sounds terse and irritable, barely tempered down even though it's Molly Hooper: the epitome of sweetness in one little 5 ft 2 package.
Despite the seriousness of his expression, of the topic, I can't help myself: ''You're always that impulsive.''
''That's not love, though, John! It's - it's only interest,'' and I can see where the problem awaits me, now: for every example of devotion and care and, yes, love that I present to him - he's only going to tell me that those are variant conditions. Not the real thing.
Or, I reason - I could take one, and the earth might stop shaking, and that would be good. And then I could replace it with a new green apple glucose pill. And Mycroft? Well, he'd never have to know now would he?
''Nothing I haven't seen before,'' I mutter, one hand pressed into the core of his belly, the other to the small of his back.
''Psychotic disorders,'' and a shrill giggle suddenly erupts. I look up then, horrified by my reaction. ''You think Sherlock was psychotic?''
''What?,'' I prompt, my voice edgy. Tempering down on my anxiety I add, more softly, ''What is it?''
''He's...calmed down,'' I clarify slowly, in disbelief, wanting to know I haven't misheard something vital. Maybe I did. Maybe I got that backwards.
When I do not launch back a response Dr. Davidson asks more carefully, “Your file indicates that you have recently been diagnosed with anorexia nervosa? Purging subtype?”
Sherlock might think he's convinced the entire world that he's a heartless bastard, but I know better. He's uniquely sensitive, and self-derisive in a way I've only come to see recently.
''Oh my god,'' my voice clenches around my tongue. I feel like I'm going to vomit. ''Oh god. Oh god.''
''Abuse doesn't count,'' I bite out, angry that something so obvious needs to be spelled out for him.
The aisles assault me. Lights and sounds and smells and information too fast and pulsing. Rows and rows and rows of packaged food. Rows of labels and nutritional information and listings of chemicals and preservatives and healthy food advertisements and junk food touted as health food.
''Fine, huh? You don't look all that fine lately, Lock,'' I whispered, and Sherlock closed his eyes. When he opened them up again, they were damp.
''Not compared to the average,'' he begins easily enough, but I hear a 'but' coming. ''Yet I am not average, so-,'' he responds after a few seconds, his eyes wary and scanning my own. ''It makes it complicated, and others...never understand. Even John. He doesn't...,'' Sherlock trails off quietly, and I am starting to hear the deep upset in his voice now.
The monotony, or perhaps the rhythmic motion of the movement bringing him something approaching relief.
Not easily, mind you. His responses were laconic and shrouded in shame, but he talked about what had been going on with him; he replied that it was just a little thing that had become “a bigger little thing” over the autumn months. And while he didn’t respond with his normal cheerfulness, I could see the effort he was putting into making me feel at ease.
And all those days of personal suffering get lost in a tide of bleached memory. Days of restricting what he ate, and doing sit ups in his room when I could not see and as such not intervene. Until his spine was bruised and blackened, and until the skin came off and the surrounding flesh began to scar. And those moments become secondary in the scheme of his pain, as something seemingly innocuous. The bruising looked bad, and still does, but it's just a cover for something I will never be able to take in with my sight, which is obviously much worse.
Damnit, yeah - he's crying. It sounds more like a hiss; I imagine he's used a pillow to keep the sound down.
His face still had a forlorn look to it. Something quiet but ill-at-ease, and I didn't have it in me to just leave everything so badly off.
''I think so. I don't know. How do you know if you love someone? And if you do, is it the same thing as being in love with them?''
Lestrade exhales deeply, and I know we are both thinking about Mr. Thiesen. Or rather, more to the point - Sherlock punching Mr. Thiesen, and the potential ramifications for Lestrade's career if he continues to allow a self-proclaimed detective to tag along on sensitive cases if he's going to end up punching witnesses and civilians.
And I like this doctor instinctively. His hazel eyes are kindly. He's slightly older than I am if I had to guess, and he has a compassionate tone. Not short or brusque like so many who work in the A&E.
Patrick was my first real human contact with the pernicious world of hiding food, and hiding vomiting and hiding over-exercising and all the other strange, seemingly unrelated traits that I have since learned often go hand-in-hand with these disorders. He also challenged my suppositions from the get-go and worked with me to formulate theories for what could be triggering his relapses - what could likely “flip the switch in his brain” (his term) for a “slide-back” (also his term). He became my sounding board for all the questions to which I needed answers, and I became his; eventually, the two of us worked at deepening our appreciation for what he was struggling with from a completely judgment-free and relatively scientifically objective position. We documented. We had graphs. It wasn’t what most did, but it was my scholastic focus as I finished up my first thesis.
Sherlock's hand is clenching around one of Molly's Ikea forks with a green plastic handle. His knuckles are almost white.
''Tell that to Mrs. Hudson,'' Sherlock mutters, and I smile - just as Bao Binh places a huge Jackfruit smoothie in front of my friend.
''Got the tail end of his lunch hour, I think. Although at least I got to eat my beans and toast first.''
''You don't need to know who he is to you right now, Sherlock,'' I reply, evenly. ''I just need to know if you are willing to fight for him. So his misery ends once and for all.''
''Yes, it is, Dr. Watson. I am under the impression that you have been appointed as the sole provider of medical support for Mr. Holmes after his release today?''
''-in a day or so, they say, he might be able to talk to a resident psychiatrist. After the compulsory sectioning ends, they will want to talk to me about a longer term sectioning possibility.''
His hands, suddenly, seem to tremble and when I glance up to his face, I can see that his mouth is trembling, too.
''You make it sound endearing, and not troubling. Was he ever different with it? His eating is pretty scanty and-''
''What if Molly started speeding while driving? Started drinking to excess, let's say. Started putting herself into risky situations, whereby she had a much greater chance of getting seriously hurt. Would she be potentially suicidal in your eyes then? If she were engaging in not one, but a multitude of behaviours that could lead to her getting very, very hurt? That most likely, statistically, would eventually lead her to a very bad place?''
I have never felt sexually attracted to Sherlock Holmes, and yet Mycroft's gaze is one of intense knowing. As if he's seeing something I cannot yet see.
''I don't know,'' he admits, voice cracking. ''I guess, it felt unfair. I thought: ''Why do I feel compelled to do this – to make myself hurt - when nothing happened to them? When I didn't even retaliate? When I didn't harm them back?'' Why do I feel like this, when nothing ever happened to them? When they can just go about their lives and be at peace, even if they destroyed my own peace?''
''Somewhere - out there - I do. I looked them up on the internet. The littlest one almost looks like me, a bit. Same eyes. But he doesn't want to even know me, John. He certainly won't let me talk to them. He threatened to call the authorities if I didn't stop contacting him,'' he whispers, his eyes uncomprehending and seeking a pattern on the floor that will never exist.
Yet, no matter how often I gag and spit bile into the toilet, the only remains that come out are remnants from my stomach.
I apply a thin layer of shaving foam to my neck and jawline, then deftly feel about with my fingertips once more before swiping the razor blade over my facial skin until the slight gritty edge of new hair growth is cut away and the skin feels hairless once more. As luck would have it, my body hair is relatively sparse and fine and doesn't seem to grow in very quickly at all. In fact, I could probably get away without a daily shave and have no one be the wiser. The bigger issue, for me, is one of tactile defensiveness. I dislike the sandpapery quality of my skin when the hair grows in. It distracts me to such a degree that I am typically highly attentive to my personal hygiene.
''I-I-,'' I begin stupidly, a stuttering destroying my voice. ''I never thought much about what I was or how I felt. Sexually or in any other way,'' and I lick my lips in nervousness and realize my mouth feels dry, ''But you've changed me. Made me feel more. Maybe you've made me care more about the heart, and less about the body, I don't know,'' I whisper. ''I'm confused right now, too, Sherlock. Maybe, in a way, I'm even more confused than you. You say you're asexual, but is that anything new to you? Because this is pretty brand new for me. I don't know what I am anymore, and that scares me too. ''
So I watched over him even more diligently and I looked for patterns of behavior that mimicked other disorders with strong genetic components – and as I did so, I became more and more aware of the parallels between anorexia, in particular, and that of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Sherlock is straining against his chair now. It saddens me to think that he's so eager to get away from me. I see his throat swallow several times, as if nauseated.
When it abates, and I come back into myself, calmer and thinking with greater clarity - I do realize how badly I have overreacted. How intensely the anger grew and lapped at my core and burst out into smoke and fire. In the wake of the rage, it is like the dross of loathing towards everything else has subsided. For a time.
The next kiss is longer and fuller. It's not quite as chaste, but it's also not racy. There is a definite romantic intensity, connection, feeling - that I haven't even felt with my sexual partners.
''Why not?,'' I ask, when I realize he's gone mute. ''That would solve the problem of you not knowing for sure.''
But then I would hear the wind chimes, and my tears would stop, and I'd feel safe. I'd close my eyes and Mycroft would sometimes rub my back, and tell me that it was over now, and it would never happen again, and I could sleep. I no longer would touch Ovaltine. Not any longer. So sometimes he'd get me Horlicks. But Horlicks was safe then, so I'd curl up against the duvet, and listen to the wind and the musical notes on the air. And feel the heat of the Horlicks swirl around in my stomach.
"I would never be so brazen about any area that I know causes Sherlock that much pain! I care about him a lot, Mycroft. Your brother is my best friend."
I stroke his hair, lightly. His curls are damp, as if he's sweated profusely, and I pat the errant locks away from his eyes feeling a surging and protective tenderness unfurl in my center. His hair is abnormally soft, like a child's.
''Ok,'' I breathe, feeling a spark of delirious happiness that to the rest of the world would seem out of proportion to what is really going on.
''I'm still all...grainy,'' Sherlock mumbles from his spot, tucking his face against his folded arms. ''I feel repugnant.''
He nodded again, and I pressed a kiss to his eyes, still closed, before I let myself reach for his body.
''Well, that hardly matters. Just tell me when your next musical concert is scheduled, and I'll be there,'' I tried brightly, amused when Sherlock's cheeks tinted rose.
He trundles back to his bed, where he crawls away from me, before he repositions the duvet over his body.
''Alright,'' he says in acceptance of my position, ''I'll hold off on any additional suppositions until we get more data back.''
His vision would have become spotted - patched with blackness and the muting of sight in places where forms and colours should have existed.
At any other time in my life, I'd perhaps have been too timid or anxious or plain shy to broach such a serious topic in the presence of others. But I know that Mycroft loves Sherlock more than I previously considered. I know that nothing I can say is going to make this situation worse, simply for the fact that Mycroft is present.
Eventually, he did relent, and he admitted that he didn’t realize his issues were so obvious and that he didn’t want me to worry. That most of all he didn’t want to lose our friendship and for that reason alone – beyond all others - he’d come with me to talk to one of the University counselors in the psychology department. He also agreed to let me get him some contact information for a support group and most importantly of all he agreed to see a doctor.
''Got this from that little café where I bought the biscotti. They have this whole...line of beverages that taste like desserts.''
And never subjective analysis. Not philosophy, nor poetry, nor literature. I can study these subjects academically, and use an awareness of their component parts to help me better make sense of others.
A few moments later, he pulls apart some printed sheets affixed with paperclips and spreads them out. A pen clicks in his hand.
Another voice cuts in now, calmer than my own, but tired. As Sherlock referred to it once as a voice of butterscotch and smoke.
For example, do I feel dizzy on days when I haven’t kept my blood sugar on an even keel? Or do I feel dizzy because a subject is being discussed in a therapy session that is provoking anxiety? And if so, how am I supposed to know the difference?
That his words were rooted in concern, and not in a yearning to get away from me and all my failures.
"The doctors said nothing was wrong with me. They said it was something I should have been able to control. That I was just doing it to get attention."
''It's not funny,'' he hisses. ''Not if you think about it. Not if you break it down into base components. Who we are - what we are - is comprised of the entirety of what we have lived through. You change a major past event - a sense event - and you don't have the same person anymore. Not really.''
Sherlock's hands are sweating. Cold, clammy palms run their course over my forearms, then away - as if unsure if he should touch me at all.
The real emergency tonight might be that, at this rate, I'm going to have a heart attack. My vision spots and swirls and I sit down quickly in 'my' chair, chucking the Union Jack pillow across the room as I do so. I proceed to glare at Sherlock's violin, hands fidgeting by my sides. Restive.
His eyes were large and round and aware, but he wouldn't cry. Even at 12 months, he knew it was useless. But he'd sit and he's stare and he'd watch. Blinking long, charcoal lashes slowly - as if drugged. As if in a stupor. And in the afternoon, after classes - I'd race home, and open my knapsack, and take out my school assignments and he'd toddle about oddly. Not in a fast paced race towards toys or light or music or people. He'd move, stop, stare into the distance.
''Sherlock,'' Yuri soothed, ''alexithymia isn't that simple. It's a trait associated with orientation towards seeing everything - people, animals or the world as it interfaces with emotions - as lacking emotionality. The need to do so or the way the world is perceived might be partially neurological, but many who study this condition believe that it can be cultivated at a young age, and it's not a conscious construct. We don't set out to divorce ourselves from our emotions. Many specialists believe it's a sign of early trauma, or even neglect in early childhood.''
Chills roll up my arms, and play a game of gooseflesh snakes and ladders - hopping around my flesh as I try to breathe in the late-autumnal air and determine if I can, indeed, smell heme. Smell iron and metal and the scent of bleach and linen and pain. Smell blood, and wonder why.
''Okay. Do not worry about that. What is his available time? You are aware of the schedule for availability?''
I popped the lid, and was stunned at what lay inside. Not merely the essentials, but enough first aid and injury related items to stock a mini-hospital. Butterfly plasters, gauze in three differing widths, needles with dis-solvable thread, clamps, antibiotic ointment, scar ointment, Bactine, Asprin, Codeine in a small plastic canister, hydrogen peroxide, anti-pyretics and so on.
''This happened right before the case with Toby?,'' I repeat, dumbly, too shocked to fully absorb what I'm hearing.
She shakes her head, interjecting before I can finish: ''Oh nonsense. I have little else to do with my time, and I know he'd probably feel better if he had just a little treat. Maybe a Red Velvet cake. Sherlock loves my Red Velvet cake you know, John. Told me before it's his absolute favourite dessert,'' she adds with a knowing grin.
Yet I can only choose one option here. And while we will undoubtedly have to discuss the enormity (or potential enormity) of what he's revealed today (and what is that, really? That he's attracted to me? And in what way? Sexually? And if not sexually, why would he kiss me?), the primary question I need to ask myself right now is: what is best for Sherlock?
Because Sherlock is understandably confused about what he feels for me (and vice versa). Yet, I know I am not confused about my feelings in this moment to hold him.
''What the hell, Sherlock?! No! He's just killing them! Not 'hurting' them at all, is he? You are acting as if murder is some downgrade from sexual abuse!''
''I just don't want to stay here. I will do my best. But I can't stay in here,'' he pleads. ''I won't get better here.''
The crashing of the boulder against the waves below is the pounding of my heart when I realize what he's alluding to, and so I take his hand. Squeeze it.
It's a strange situation. The lamp towards his bed is casting a soft orange glow over us, like a harvest moon blanketing the earth. The shades are drawn and shroud the room in private night. It's quiet and intimate and gentle in some respects. But it's also full and heavy and heartbroken in others. The air, the breaths and the sadness from Sherlock are hard to listen to. But if I can sit closer to him and let him know that's I'm not going to pull back from him - never going to leave him alone in his pain - maybe that will help.
But maybe with the knowledge that Toby will be leaving the hospital in the next week, he'll have some ideas.
''It's part of me,'' he exhales. ''I mean,'' and he licks his lips now, ''the predilection. I don't think it's about just gaining a bunch of weight - like that would be a cure-all, a fix. I don't know why everything about how I do things has to change!''
“You haven’t talked in great detail before about what your father did to you, Sherlock. I know that he abused you, and you indicated that the nature of his abuse was sexual during our previous session. You also mentioned last week that during one of these attacks you dissociated, and believed that you had died. How old were you when that event occurred?”
A long suffering sigh, then. As if I am trying to test his patience, and not save him further aggravation.
''I've probably made you uncomfortable. I mean, you're handling it well now, but that will change. People leave over things like this, and-''
''Alright. Let's say that a month ago you saw Molly. She seemed alright. A little despondent perhaps. Not quite herself. Not overtly weepy or sad to any considerable degree, but just preoccupied and perhaps more somber than usual. Would you be concerned?''
And he still won't take off his damned coat. It shouldn't bug me, but it does. Mainly because the flat is quite warm tonight - almost too warm - yet Sherlock's still shivering away like he has hypothermia. Like he's camped out in the Arctic. Not a slightly-too warm bedroom in London.
John mirrors my form and closes his eyes, before rising and pacing to the edge of the bed where I've huddled up in a ball. He sinks down against the foam, against my side, but not before taking my tray and placing it on the night stand.
''Of course,'' she acknowledges, and goes to another corner of the room. When she returns, she is holding up a box of Kleenex, and a Dixie cup full of water. I take the water first, and greedily drink it down. Then I take the tissues, and dab at my mouth.
“Sherlock?,” John says, his natural warmth tinged with something indicating hyper-focus. “You okay?”
''You were mad at me,'' he says gently. ''I wanted to give you space. I don't - I don't want you to leave. I didn't want-''
Knowing that if I do not respond, John will think the worst. With his army training, and his nerves frayed, he might also do something stupid. Like break down the door.
When he doesn't respond, I sigh, and get up to leave the room. Suddenly Sherlock's hand reaches out to stop my departure.
When my head hits the pillows - at slightly after 7:20 in the evening (how utterly pathetic is that?) - I already start to feel my eyes shut with the weight of sleep. Before I finally succumb, I can hear carnival music, and the sounds of a little boy laughing. I can smell candy apples, and caramel fudge.
He knows what I mean. He knows enough, I suspect, about how I feel. About my confusion, and my own pain.
''I will wait outside. Please let me know if or when I am needed,'' he adds, before taking leave with Sherlock's doctor.
''You're more than just a little dehydrated,'' she admonishes, and this time I do rest my head against the stainless steel expanse of her work desk. The coolness of the metal feels grounding against my skin. It diminishes the nausea slightly.
''Don't do this. Don't make this a damn struggle every morning,'' I whisper, suddenly so tired myself that I just want to put on my jacket and walk to Speedy's. Leave him on the sofa with his pathetic breakfast.
And it's not like I gave him something to hold onto, something that offered that same degree of comfort or security.
''I'd rather deal with a man who sought out the profession of your choice as a result of intimate familiarity with emotional problems, rather than have to deal with a power hungry megalomaniac with a God complex, as would be the case for most psychiatrists.''
''What you are,'' the man opposite me says kindly, ''may not be as greatly impacted by sexual fluidity as I think you believe, John. Most people are not entirely one thing or the other - heterosexual or homosexual, I mean. Usually there is a slight range of intensities and interests and some crossover. In most of the population, actually. You're aware of this, aren't you?''
''As you can see, his results in many areas are dismal,'' the doctor speaks briskly. ''Heart rate, blood pressure, potassium levels. All abnormally low,'' and the doctor now turns to Sherlock, trying to meet his eyes.
The first book that I pick up reads: "Forbidden Relationships: Helping your Partner overcome Childhood Incest" and is a book about, apparently, the romantic issues that often present in a relationship with an adult survivor of childhood sexual abuse.
So this chapter is out in a slightly more timely manner, right? :) This probably makes me happier than anyone else reading the fic.
''I'm not in shock, John,'' Sherlock says gruffly, moving past me. His cheeks - I note - are pink. As if embarrassed.
Hell, I probably can not even articulate why he feels as he does as well as he could explain it, given that I've never suffered from an eating disorder. Never had the inclination towards that sort of behaviour. Cannot see or appreciate how the withholding of something so vital is so fiercely protected and almost beloved. A beloved, if knowingly twisted, secret. Akin to slowly poisoning yourself, but admiring the bottle of cyanide pills as you do so, while keeping them close to you with a surge of irrational fondness.
And just like that - the feelings have come back. That weird heart clenching upset of not wanting people to look, and see. Not wanting people to analyze and pity me. Because that's what they'll do. There is no question about it.
''Hedw'g,'' he squeaks, pointing to his owl doll, and I reach down deftly, snatching up the grey and foul item and bringing it towards Toby's hands.
His socked feet are jostling back and forth in pent up anxiety, or manic intensity - I'm not certain which.
''I still want to do something though, John. I feel – I don't know? I don't know. Wound up, maybe? It feels as if something inside my brain is going to explode if I can't bring my equilibrium under control; I need to stop that from happening. Maybe that's the reason. Maybe that's always been the reason, screwed up or not.''
''This is hurting you, Sherlock,'' I whisper, regretfully, not wanting to take away any coping mechanism he's come to rely on. Not knowing what sort of option I really have when he shakes his head in dismissal.
''Yes. Of course it does. You're remarkably special to me. I don't ever want to do something that could alienate you or just make you feel uncomfortable around me.''
I turn on my heel, and trudge out of the waiting room and into the hallway leading to the stairwell.
And if Sally can see it, everyone can see it, and as she has asserted - many others have already been commenting on it.
''But something is really wrong with me,'' and my white noise static fills the room. My crazy words, arguing with him. ''I don't even mean with eating. Or, o-overt things, like my stomach or my behaviour. I mean in my head, John. Words, feelings, concepts. I feel like it's all breaking apart. I am improperly formed. I want it to stop, I need something- I need-''
I dismiss her with a wave of my hand, more concerned by her relative kindness to me than anything else, and then realize that Gregson is hanging around, probably wondering if something interesting is going to occur. Evidently my reputation precedes me, even if I've never worked a single case with the man.
''I think so; in part,'' he mumbles. ''I mean, it's complicated, right?'' He stalls, collects his thoughts. ''This isn't new. This...thing.''
I am ready to take that step. And I understand, now, looking at him in his pallid, ashy tones with sweat across his brow - why Mycroft was ready to take that step, too.
"Why are you lying to me?," I hiss, "You told me you were going to be honest! But you're lying. I can read the falsity all over your face! What did he tell you?!"
''Sherlock,'' and he's nudging me. Not shaking, but almost. Restive little motions against my shoulder. ''Sherlock, the food is ready.''
'Not. Mmnot big,' I plead with the Martian. He laughs against my neck. 'Mmm little,' I say. 'Too little.'
''That's not possible, John,'' he says, voice barely above a whisper. ''I know that's not want you to hear right now. Sherlock's doctors feel it is best for him to focus on getting through this overdose, and-''
I see one pale, skeletal hand reach out to me then pull back abruptly before making contact, coming to rest sharply against his side.
He's my best friend, and I know my actions hurt him. I just want to talk to him. Really talk to him. It's tense, and he's ignoring me and I don't even know if you'll make it better or worse. I care about him a lot.
''I've slept through gunfire, in 45 degree Celsius heat, Sherlock. In army fatigues,'' I clarify. ''And if I was in the position of having to sleep next to anyone...believe me Sherlock, they weren't as fastidious about their hygiene as you were.''
''Why are you so angry?,'' he asks carefully, no doubt surprised at my reaction. ''It helped me realize that I'm not like everyone else.''
10 minutes later, the TV is on - softly, barely without sound - and I am nursing a mug of English Breakfast tea with stevia and non-fat coffee whitener.
''I don't need to speak to anyone else,'' he gets out, his words racing together, ''there's nothing wrong with me!''
Certainly I am not going to have another panic attack. Hopefully never again (I've never been more mortified in front of John since I've known him), but certainly not now. Honestly, the additional rest seems to have reoriented me. Grounded me. I don't feel so lost in who I am and what I need. I know what I need. I need to push all this emotional refuse from my past away. Anytime I dwell on the memories for even a few moments, I start to feel weak and...pained. It's nonsensical, but that's how it is.
I'd admit to occasionally having difficulty imagining him in the military. I can see the impact of his time in service in his hair cut, and how he walks, and holds himself, and even how he parses his sentences. But he doesn't seem like he would have been a natural fit for the army. He has too much natural empathy. Too much irrepressible softness.
''Sherlock Holmes?,'' a man asks. He isn't portly, but he isn't thin either. Maybe 5 ft 10, or a tad taller, with an age edging towards 50 or so. Dark blue eyes, horned rimmed glasses (oh, the cliché). Hair several shades lighter than John's. In no other way does he resemble John however; his face isn't engaging in the same way that John's is and he seems brisk, but not cold.
''I-I don't know what to do. I don't know what's happening here; I thought this was just friendship,'' and his voice sounded high. Almost alarmed. ''I am not good with,'' and when he licked his lips, I felt a shiver go through my core, ''reciprocation in these matters. I won't say the right words, do the right things. And I don't need coffee. Not any kind. I'm okay.''
I nod at him, give him a smile, and fill them in about other highlights of my week. Sherlock listens quietly, nibbling on cucumber.
So, it has been a pretty intense last few months. Sickness, in my case (not Sherlock's sickness right now, but of the auto-immune variety). So many amazing PMs have come my way (and I need to respond; I know I do. I will do so! :)).
''So this is where he was hurt?,'' I ask carefully. I can't see any other thing that this could really mean, unfortunately.
Mycroft leads me down a corridor that smells like antiseptic and clean laundry, and opens an oak door before proceeding to flick on some lights. The light is relatively soft here - not the same blinding light as out in the hallway. I notice immediately the box of Kleenex in the center of the glass table and then spot some black-iron chairs. There is a small coffee maker perched off to the side, and some generic paintings of trees and water. An artificial red plant that does nothing whatsoever for the place.
My hands are shaking, and I take the plastic wrap, the bags of cereal, the Ragu sauce, the carton of milk. I work quickly, chucking out the garbage, and putting the food back onto the shelves, back into the fridge. Everything looks more or less untouched if you didn't look carefully (and John never does), and I fumble around in the cabinets, looking, seeking, needing something else to make this better again.
I let my hand come up to his, and touch the cool flesh. His eyes decrease in size. Squint. Lemon eyes.
''Of course not, John. I'm thinking strategically. I will never be able to heal Sherlock. I'm too entangled, in his mind, to the cause of his pain. He both loves me and hates me - I suspect - in equal measure. But he's also always valued logic. He holds onto the ideal of the rational man, coolly and logically existing and freeing himself from the pain of emotions - because that's what he'd like to be. That's not all he is, and my presence reminds him of a history he can never fully expunge. Can never truly delete from his mind palace, as it is. But you are different, John. You are not here out of familial obligation - which is what Sherlock has always convinced himself is the cause of my support. He feels his life is not unlike an albatross to me, I suspect. That my concern for him is an obligation. He will never admit to the truth of it, of course, but I am fairly confident I am correct in my assessment.''
''Really?,'' she clarifies. ''You look a little distracted this morning. I mean, I know you - I know it's not impacting your work-''
We don't need that added component to deal with right now. Finally, I open my eyes again and look to my friend.
''And changed, no less. I'm a man of stealth abilities,'' I say dryly, then kick myself for what that sounds like.
The kindness is something that I feel shamed by when it is provided in real time, in real flesh-and-blood interactions.
Finally, given the format of fanfic dot net, it's trickier for me to respond personally to all your wonderful reviews. I do have an Archive of Our Own profile - same name, and story posted under the same title - and I generally respond to all posts/ reviews/ questions much more often on AO3 than here. Just saying. ;)
''Mycroft put me into clinic the next year, shortly after my thirteenth birthday. 14 weeks at The Priory. Inpatient,'' he barks out a cough, pushes his dark curls away from his eyes. They nestle back down over his face a second later, uncontrollably long, grown out and lanky.
In other ways, I feel everything. My body is certainly cataloguing reactions, and it takes only a few heartbeats before my legs feel weak and bloodless. I slide down against the wall and try to sort through the mess of my mind. I need to make sense out of Sherlock's admissions, and ideally - as soon as possible.
''Is your concern primarily about your sexuality or your romantic feelings for your flatmate, or is what you're really asking for my help with today - well, does it have more to do with Sherlock's own issues?''
Sherlock didn't move Toby after that - aware of possible spinal cord damage, aware that the injuries were voluminous, and many might not be recognized until later.
Even so, I am less of a homebody than Patrick is - who outside of his running schedule in the early mornings prefers a world of film consumption and board game playing with heavy candy supplementation. Case in point: Settlers of Catan – Star Trek edition is still lying out on the table, small pieces and cards littered about.
''Again - and you may want to broach this with Sherlock when you get home, but in the past it often meant forced intubation. Sometimes complete restriction of movement. IV's for fluids and additional nutrients. Many clinics used to have restrictions on whether youth could call or write to family until basic short term goal weights were met. All in all, the history of treating these conditions has often been aggressive. But that was often perceived as the lesser of two evils, if only because the condition is by it's very nature a pernicious disease.''
John gets called to the A&E by Lestrade where he is forced to deal with the fall out of Sherlock's self neglect, and of something even more alarming. Sherlock confides in John about something that he finds shameful.
''Inspector Donovan. I need your torch. I need the light,'' Sherlock reiterated a beat later. ''It's dark, and he's scared,'' he murmured, low tones - just loud enough for Donovan to process. To move her to action, and she did. She processed the request then, passed her torch over to Sherlock.
The boy suddenly reaches for the lapels of my jacket and pulls himself to me, all but placing himself in my lap. All but hiding his head beneath my neck, and wrapping my arms around him. I feel awkward and strange holding onto a child like this, but he grasps at my waist, burying his mouth against my shoulder.
When we are called, I rise tentatively, hyper-conscious of my every movement. John accompanies me and we are shepherded to a back office replete with frosted glass windows and an open door.
Patrick just laughs and chucks a licorice jujube at my head. He has a boyish disposition that comes out in overt playfulness though he never fails to make me laugh when he sets his mind to it.
I shave twice tonight to ensure that I have gotten all slight protrusions - before restarting the shower jet and rinsing the shampoo and shaving foam off and away from my body.
By the time I make it to the second story landing, he has half the groceries laid out on the table. The Shreddies, the Cheerios. The Kraft cheese. The Sprite.
''Why'd you say that Mycroft was the only one that cared about me?,'' he asks thickly, and the nervousness in that tone almost breaks my heart. ''Were you trying to hurt me?''
About reactive attachment disorder. How those who entered adulthood with the disorder often could experience anxiety with even simple touches.
And then we are at the partition between kitchen and living room, and the antique mirror of our mother mocks us with it's bronzed splendor. It's decadence. It's richness.
I wait until I hear John stalk away before I remove my coat and pull myself up from my clumped space on the carpet.
I try not to snort. In some respects, given the gravity of his situation, he has a way of keeping even the most educated clinician off his back. He works to do just that, of course, and I have no doubt that his flippant demeanor is largely an act. Even so, he often displays child-like behavioral traits.
''I can't leave for several reasons. The most pressing being that it's below freezing, and you're dressed in nothing more than jeans and a cardigan. You're not even wearing shoes, Sherlock. You need to return to the house.''
I won't push him, no. But he's so shut down that he'll likely need someone to help him along right now.
The pools of water are cementing as the day turns to night and grows colder; when he breathes, the air from his lungs plumes out white in the early evening.
''And isn't that the crux of your problems? That you can't even see that you need someone to help you? That you can't even see that you need help at all?''
There was simply more poison. And then more, and even more – until I stopped screaming. Until I stopped crying.
Even though sheathed in his sleeping attire, I can see that there is no way anything about Sherlock's form would qualify as swollen.
It's an old game, a game I've played before, and it scares me. But I still play it. A game of pulling myself out of my body, leaving only a robot-me behind.
''Maybe if you hadn't let your symptoms advance so far that parts of your duodenum were necrotic, then maybe they wouldn't have had to perform any sort of surgery at all.''
In the interim I have felt completely numbed out and not unlike I am stuck in a rather disjointed fever dream. Writing does help me, however, and always has... At the moment I am taking care of our mum's estate and hope to have everything wrapped up soon.
''Maybe that's indication you need to pick up after yourself, eh?,'' I say with mock smugness, and my flatmate nods.
“Not then,” he replies faintly. “But I don’t want to talk about that. I’m not ever going to talk about that – not even with you.”
''He hated me,'' I say in a rush. My eyes feel hot in my head. ''He must have hated me. Because I was just little then, John, so I don't understand. I don't understand why he hated me so much from the beginning.''
He literally feels like ice. But he's not just cold to the touch. If anything, the coldness increases the longer I hold his hand, and the knowledge that his suffering is self-caused, self-generated, makes me as equally tormented as it does exasperated.
''What is this? The Inquisition?,'' I grumble, and try to force my way past John's solid form. ''I was thirsty! I will replace your bloody Sprite in the morning, John!''
And then his lips start to tremble, his eyes pooling with tears. I disconnect our hands, and move a bit closer. Tower over his hunched form. Whisper to him, but with an intensity that I hope conveys the protectiveness that I feel.
''Sherlock, what is it? What's going through that clever mind of yours? You can tell me. I promise, nothing you tell me is going to make me angry with you, or turn away from-''
Sherlock licks his lips, then glances to his knees. The bones protrude in such a way as to give him a Tim Burton-esque skeletal look. In a clay-mation character, it looks intriguingly spooky. On a human being, it almost looks grotesque.
I take a few more sips, increase the sit ups. Turn the shower to ice cold, even though I won't be showering until I am done with this next step.
"Yeah," and Sherlock's voice croaks. "Me by the wall, him to the open. To keep me safe. But it was too late. It was always too late."
''Look, John. I have an idea. We can try it. I will call Sherlock, tonight if you'd like. I will try to convince him to come see me tomorrow, but with the condition that you'll be present during the session.''
''I didn't refuse. I would have attended this session even if John hadn't accompanied me,'' he mutters at last, brow flexing into something that almost looks like confusion.
I can't sit still, so even though I am shaky I teeter to the kitchenette and make myself tea. The bone china set we use as an abode for the sugar cubes and cream rattles in my hand, and I spill an incredible amount of it into my cup. Then I wander back to the living room, check my phone, check that the volume is on, double check my texts.
"Sherlock," he whispers - and I know he means to say more, and merely doesn't know how to proceed. Or rather, he doesn't know how to proceed in such a way as to not give information away. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the more alarming issue. That fact that he feels he needs to hide the reason for his concern.
''I'm sure you have a lot of questions, a lot of concerns, so I'll start with letting you know that Sherlock's surgery went as well as could be expected.''
I am ashamed and I am numb and I am so terribly angry at myself, and angry at John, and angry at Mycroft. I know that I shouldn't be angry with John, nor Mycroft. And maybe, in a way, I'm not. But there is a rage inside of me, and most of the time it's akin to a low kindling fire.
''Boerhaave Syndrome. Adam's esophagus ruptured. He was bulimic, and had been purging for years. Since the age of 10, actually. One day, during a violent purging session, the intraesophageal pressure increased to such a degree that he went into shock and died within an hour. But not before experiencing excruciating abdominal and thoracic pain.''
My hand hovers a few inches from his back; I realize I don't know what he wants, what could make him feel vulnerable or safe, or worsen his embarrassment.
''What's got you worked up?,'' I query, and Sherlock tucks his hands into the overcoat's pockets. Continues to look ahead.
"I let it go. What was the alternative? He was almost hysterical, John. And as the time passed, he became more intransigent. More resistant to even allude to what had occurred, never mind discuss it properly. I let it go, thinking - perhaps mistakenly - that he would heal with time, and without any insistence on my part that he speak about the ordeal. I knew intellectually that is must have impacted his development, because even at 11, he was reluctant to even accept a hug. His body would clench, he would become immobile. Rigid. But I had no frame of reference for what would, or could, be normal for Sherlock. The abuse had started when he was so little, you see. It had gone on for so long, that I worry - even to this day - that his entire personality and temperament has been created out of necessity as a means to combat the constant threat he felt as a little boy. I don't know if he can change certain aspects of who he is, now."
And, more intricately now – the words from earlier repeat in my mind's eye. This time in Times New Roman font, as if the book is still held in my possession:
A strange disconnected feeling is building in my head. As if I am falling from a very high platform.
Sherlock's eyes suddenly break complete contact with mine, and his mouth clamps shut while he takes a step back from us both, as if to get his bearings.
Sherlock's face has taken on a stone cold look of anger. It's twisted into a snarl, almost like a gargoyle.
He seems to be processing my words; the optimist in me realizes that his shoulders seem more relaxed, and his bearing less timid than it had only a few minutes previously, even as he swallows again.
'Failing to respond to cues in the environment. Not hearing people talking or asking posed questions.'
John takes a bit of a breath, fast and catching. His eyes race back and forth in his skull, frantically fast. He closes them, takes a breath. Looks up at me. Looks straight into my eyes.
''You sure took your time,'' Mycroft condemns lazily from our sofa. An old copy of The Mirror is sprawled over his lap.
"You are a good brother, Mycroft," I say quietly. Because it's true. And because he's likely never heard it before.
The fact that I've just woken up from sleeping not even a mere half hour ago goes unmentioned by both of us.
So, for this reason alone, despite what I've just read – I nod off. I doze, and fall into the oddest of dreams, and do not awaken until sometime much later – when the sunlight has diminished, and the study is cast in shadows, the room nearly dark.
““From…from longstanding,” and my voice dies down into a low, almost inaudible drone, “neglect or severe abuse - most commonly physical or sexual in nature – which impedes normal bonding during early childhood.” – There is a list here, John. Tedious. Am I to read all of this off too?,” I murmur, my face feeling stung. My words attempting to send a barb back in retaliation for having been asked to read this at all.
And that's actually what I remember in most detail about these nocturnal episodes: my hands around his torso, my head against his own, and I'd whisper to him as we rocked. A variety of words, ''Do you like this?'' or ''Sherlock, does this feel good?'' or encouragements, butterfly soft - more in my head than heard aloud - encouragements for him to move, to speak, to do what he needed to do to feel in control.
Sherlock, I can see, is clenching up. He looks even smaller than he did thirty seconds ago, which I wouldn't have thought possible.
''It WAS his fault – at least for the role he played in worsening these issues! He must have known that you weren't receptive. Anyone with any inkling of empathy would have been able to figure that much out, Sherlock. So yes, I would say – considering you just described dissociating during sex – that he was pretty damn coercive. I'd say that's exactly what he was!''
'You'll be fine,' the Martian cackles. 'It won't kill you. You need to learn this, Sherlock. This is big boy stuff,' the Martian pants besides my head, moving again. 'In a few years you'll have to do this, but how will you know what to do if daddy doesn't show you first? How will you know how to love?'
I grab my bottle of seltzer water that Yuri had offered me earlier on in the session, and take a sip.
The child gives no indication he's heard anything and remains as solid as he had been second before. Finally I see Sherlock's hand reach out to grab hold of Toby's much smaller one. The boy still doesn't move. He doesn't even bat an eye.
I suddenly find myself in front of a purple door, with a glass inlay in four different colours. The interior nightlight is causing beams of red, yellow, green and blue light to spill out into the hall, painting my body and the wall in various hued light.
And in that momentary hesitation, my mind pulls up old words and old images. Sherlock in the clinic, pale to the extreme. His bare arms shifting about as he tried to hide faint, but still present, puncture scars from his younger days. The hard words of his file: parasuicidal ideation; mood disturbance; self-harm.
I'm not sure if he means tonight, or on a longer timeline as his flatmate. Yet, it makes very little difference, perhaps, as my response to either question would be the same.
The fact that he's so scared could break my heart, so I push that thought aside. It would be all too easy to go soft on him. To give in to the disorder, and to give in out of a misguided sense of wanting to protect him.
I realize, suddenly, in the time frame of a thunderclap - that my natural affection for Sherlock must never have had much to do with that put-upon display. Or perhaps, I always sensed a latent vulnerability.
My heart is pounding so strongly now in my chest and I can actually hear the blood swishing through my skull. The pressure is enormous. It feels almost like the onset of a migraine.
Toby grabs the paper back and places it against the novel. After a few seconds he starts scrawling deep red strokes throughout the abdomen region on the cartoon boy.
Sherlock's hands are twining around the loose threads on his pajama top now, pulling against the thread in agitation. I let him continue his ministrations, if it helps him hear me out.
I quickly hash out a quick list of groceries. We're out of creamer, honey, Sherlock's favourite tea. We need some sort of fruit and veg, too. Before the two of us (well, mostly Sherlock) succumbs to scurvy.
Everyone needs a reprieve from that level of intense interaction, whether the deeper motivation is to bring about healing or not.
And he's talking about John, at least partially, and yet the words seem sort of disconnected from the afternoon, and the discussions we've broached.
''Sherlock?,'' I ask gingerly a short time later. ''You seem to be angry with John. Can you tell me why?''
''There are hundreds of different things here. Just choose two or three different types of things so we can stock the shelves with something.''
''I know,'' he says after a few minutes. ''I do understand it. Intellectually, I mean,'' he admits a moment later.
''That experiment was over anyway,'' I say evenly, the tone of my voice neither affectionate nor annoyed. Just me. Just how I always sound, I hope.
A.N: What a hectic last few months. Sickness (and yes, depression) have made many tasks of a non-vital nature especially hard to conquer. Writing has taken a lower-than-ideal priority in my life, but I hope to write more, even daily, in small nuggets (because I do miss writing, and I miss writing this story, in particular).
Donovan watches the entire transaction intensely, doing a better job at recording my movements than the actual camera.
''Just eat what you can comfortably manage,'' he says softly, placing one hand on my shoulder. I feel the other at my back, and suddenly my stomach clenches in anxiety at the touch. About the increasing amount of times that he's been touching my back, or my face, or my shoulders in the last week. The increase in hugs. The increase in everything that indicates emotional...connection. It feels soft and warm and safe at first. But then once I start to think about it - then it feels wrong, which in turn makes me feel wrong. Because I am fond of John. I shouldn't be so awkward about this. How insulted would he be if he knew how strange his touch makes me feel? He'd likely be hurt. So I can't tell him, ''please don't touch me.'' I can't hurt him like that.
''It's fine. It's warm,'' he murmured, suddenly picking up my hands, and fiddling with my digits. Long, lean artist hands, and an expression of such childish naiveté, that I wanted to simply collide with him. Wipe that look off of his face. Wake him up, and know that I had been the one to do so.
''Maybe you are not trying to destroy yourself. Maybe you are trying to destroy something inside you that doesn't belong, and never did.''
His head wavers slightly in fatigue. He's so fucking tired. I can see his weariness in his shoulders, in the pallor of his skin, the darkness under his eyes, the anemic lips, the starved form.
I can't do all of the above. Not at the same time. I can't give him his space right now, and also talk about this promptly.
''Sometimes individuals with this condition can appear emotionless, even limited in terms of empathizing with others-''
But I don't comment on his selection of clothes. I don't comment on the fact that his abnormal sensitivity to the cold is part and parcel of his being sick. I wouldn't be informing him of something of which he wasn't already, at least on some level, aware. So I simply walk alongside him at a semi-rushed pace as we make our way to the tube.
''You just need to watch out for anything hard to digest, anything fried, or with sharp edges - like kernels or husks. Your stomach is scarred, so liquids are easier and less painful to digest. Maybe we could go for something like soup? Eggplant well cooked, in a coconut sauce? Something light like that?''
''You present with gastric rupture symptoms, and signs of being moderately underweight - and you make no connection between these two conditions? Do I really need to explain to you how this could look like long-term restrictive behaviour?''
"Can you just put down the damn drink mix for one bleeding second and deal with this like an adult?!"
And of course, I am not writing Victor as a 'good guy', nor am I am writing him as awful and cruel. I am writing him as a young, less-sensitive individual who *does* have sexual feelings for Sherlock, but who is not fully aware or cared with becoming aware - of Sherlock's fear, or the issues surrounding his problems.
''No. I'm not sick. I'm not sick,'' he grits out in upset. ''I'm not mentally ill, if that's what you are implying. I know what mental illness looks like, and I'm not that! I'm nothing like that.''
Words have huge power in the world of therapy and treatment. More often than not it is the specific arrangement of words - the specific relation of words from one person (the therapist) to the next (the patient) in an order that is most receptive and impacting for the individual that is the impetus for some of the biggest changes in behaviour.
I start to respond, then realize the words I was going to utter have departed my mind. I finally choose something practical, if not as effective at making my point.
''Just want to check your pulse, Sherlock,'' she says evenly. It's then that I consider that she, just like John, is a doctor. I tend to forget that, sometimes. Namely because Molly deals strictly with corpses. But she's trained to deal with the living, too. Better suited to them really, if I were being honest.
I place the bandage against his leg, then wrap with additional bleached-white gauze and secure everything down with hospital tape. When I look back up, Sherlock has closed his eyes and he's making panting noises as if he's nauseous.
''You need to stop doing that. We aren't doing anything wrong, you know. I care about you, Sherlock.''
He is so used to looking at every occurrence in an emotionally removed way. He's so used to pretending that emotions don't hold sway over his own being, that I am starting to suspect he's not very good at understanding his own emotional states when they do grab hold of him.
''I know you are scared, but this is the disorder in a nutshell. It's creating all this fear and we need to fight it. You need to fight it, Sherlock, because I cannot do this all by myself. I need your help to do this.''
''I'm the opposite of brave, John,'' he breathes. ''I'm scared all the time. That's why I told you anything at all - because I'm scared and I don't want to feel like this anymore. That's not bravery. That's cowardice.''
''Sherlock,'' I try again. I never will stop trying. ''You asked me to come to this session, so I did. You told Yuri that you had something you wanted to say to us both, yet even so you're still holding back.''
''I've ignored it for weeks, partly cause I didn't know if I was right or not. But I can see now, it's not all in my imagination.''
I keep my hand pressed against Sherlock's leg. It's bleeding quite a bit still so I remind myself that glass wounds are like that. They are like head wounds: they bleed profusely.
''Then what about this? Organic vegetable soup. Low sodium. Says so right on the label. Conspicuously missing pesky chemicals, too - now there's a bonus.''
"You chose the tortellini, Sherlock! You actually put four of these bags of gourmet tortellini into our cart. Therefore, if you don't like tortellini - tough. We are using this food up."
At almost 7, I hear a knock of my door. I want to grumble at John to go away, but I don't. Eventually the door to my room cracks open and John simply says, ''I've made dinner. Come to the kitchen, please.''
John first, Sherlock trailing him - shoulders hunched almost to his chin in tension, his body language defensive. Stiff.
The thought is still foreign. Still hard to accept as true. True at all, for anyone. That people could do such things to little kids.
Even in his tentative leaning in, now. His pajama bottoms flaring out at his ankles, his water glass in his hand turning about in anxiety.
''It is a big deal! You absolutely should not be trying to lose weight, but you are - you know you are, I know you are - and I know it's not exactly a new idea for you. How long have you been dealing with this?''
''I'll see what I can do. Give me a few minutes; I just need to let Dr. Riley know that you're up and about.''
That Sherlock would not be ready for anything skirting the romantic for some time, even if he was seemingly interested. That, above all, Sherlock would likely never be ready for a sexual relationship. At least, that was Mycroft's belief, which at the time sounded typically stifling.
''It looked like cups. Sally rode with him. I took my car. He was-,'' and I hear Lestrade's voice shake. ''He looked so scared, John. He was holding onto Donovan like she was a lifeline.''
''I didn't see Yuri to discover that I'm not gay, Sherlock. I never thought I was gay. That wasn't the point of the meeting at all.''
Donovan lets out a strained exhalation, and pulls out two crumpled sheets of paper from her inner jacket pocket. She lays them on the table, and Lestrade reaches for them - turning them over in a flourish. I swallow down a lump at the cartoon child covered in lashes of red.
I bite my tongue to keep from saying something out of turn. After a few minutes, Sherlock looks up to me expectantly as if he knows I want to ask a question.
But I don't have the energy to snark at Captain, Doctor, flatmate John Hamish Watson. I sense what awaits us all, and I know I need to bide my energy, so I put my mobile phone into my front pocket and ignore the counter-chirrups. Faster and more insistent.
And maybe, because of that terror - all I can see is an eight year old child, rocking into the hand of an abuser.
"Mmm," Sherlock agrees. "To Mycroft's displeasure. You'll never hear him refer to me as anything other than his little brother."
I nod. The old achy feeling of distrust is making me feel sick – and guilty. John has earned my trust. More than earned it. But I trust him on a level that isn’t matched by the fervor and the insatiable clamoring of my mind whispering to me that I am wrong.
I step back, equal parts relieved that Sherlock is talking to me mixed with a sense of gutted apathy.
Or if I'm going to make him angrier. If he's even angry. Again, I don't know what's really going on; I'll see him at the Yard - working on a case - and he's just the same with Sally, with Anderson (which is borderline obnoxious). He's a little warmer to Molly, or maybe just a little less overtly snarky with her. But all in all? Sometimes it's like nothing has changed.
''What is it, Sherlock?,'' I test quietly, knowing Mycroft is in the kitchen, trying to give us space. Also knowing that despite the tinkering sound of him busying about in the other room, making tea or taking sugar out of the sugar-bowl (again, likely for tea), he still has almost preternatural hearing. And while he can surmise all he wants about our relationship, I am not going out of my way to divulge information that Sherlock himself is still trying to process.
''You're just psyching yourself out. Come on. Just get in. You by the wall, and me...to the open, right?''
Because damn it, this is confusing. Nothing feels right. Cruelty feels wrong, of course. But kindness directed towards me - softness, gentleness, excessive thoughtfulness - those ways of being make me feel even sadder. Not hurt, certainly not betrayed. But red-hot ready to cry.
"There's likely to be some swelling around the site of the injury. But if it feels hot at any time-"
''The Thiessen's themselves are okay. Mother and father only. The father is, likely, hiding an affair and I think that has something to do with their son, but I can't make sense of the details.''
I hear Devon, and then I hear Sherlock - in his apologetic tone. And it feels like the same damn patient, only aged 22 years.
No matter what other issues Sherlock is dealing with right now he's likely to be feeling sick to his stomach for that reason alone.
Felt a surge of affection and sadness for my friend, this man, so gifted and yet so afraid. I knew that's not what most people saw in him - fear, I mean. Most people didn't see him as afraid. They saw someone stuffy, aloof, impressively brilliant, untouchable.
He's wearing a red jumper underneath, and I blink back in shock when I see his torso. He looks hollowed out. Concave. But he's staring at his lap, which thankfully means he doesn't see my shock.
Certainly such a shift will change me as a person. But do I want that? To change on such a grand scale? When I don’t even know what to expect going into the entire endeavor?
"Oh relax! I know you didn't go to him of your own impetus looking for answers. I've already told you - I'm not angry with *you*."
Sherlock exhales, his chest rising. Even in the modest din of the space, I can see the tremulous way he expels the air.
''Yuri, I don't know what he's talking about! Not really! I know he's hurt, but I don't really know what I *did*.''
As always, feedback is extremely appreciated! It's hard to imagine how Sherlock would respond in such a situation and my primary concern since the beginning has been in keeping his character well, in character. Watson is easier for me to write, because his nature is extremely protective and he is concerned with helping people, yet I can't imagine him babying anyone. Sherlock is trickier.
The light in the fridge flickers on, and I pull out Kraft singles cheese slices, a bottle of Ragu sauce and a carton of milk.
I hear, rather than see John depart; my body releases a pent up breath with relish as I turn in against the wall, my mind frantically racing.
The knowledge that he thinks he has to comfort me is almost worse than the knowledge that I know that he *knows.* About almost everything, really.
Shortly thereafter, without the administration of glucagon and additional medical assistance, he would have stopped breathing.
I knock quickly, and a few seconds later the door opens to reveal Molly - hair in a messy bun - and a gentle smile gracing her features.
Then John is up, and at the side of the bed, straightening the blanket up and over my body. Hands in my hair. Brushing my hair out of my eyes, which I close at his touch.
''Your little boy is extremely scared right now. He's scared and he's hurt and he's ashamed in a way that no child should ever have to experience. But he's experiencing it right now, and he's likely been ashamed and hurt for some time. So he's going to need to be able to rely on you to help him through this. He needs to know that you can be strong enough to help him cope right now, or he'll not be able to deal with this properly.''
I spit into the bowl feeling some of the pain abate with each heave and with each release of yogurt, and whatever else is coming out of me.
Try to ignore the screaming in my skull, begging me to stop. Pleading with me. Telling me I'm going to regret it. Regret all of it.
In his hand, he's holding onto a stuffed bear - the colour of molasses. One amber eye of the toy is lost, but he loves it all the more because it's injured.
Not that Toby is, by his natural build, excessively lean. There is nothing to indicate he under-eats habitually. In no way does he physically resemble myself as a child - which is probably for the best. Now, as I study him, and try to imagine his face without the bruising and the bandages, I realize that if he resembles anyone at all, anyone that I know - it would be John. John must have looked similar to Toby as a child.
''You were born in the year of the metal pig, John,'' Sherlock rambles, proceeding to read my Zodiac. '''The influence of the Metal Element makes the Metal Pig the most assertive and structured of all the Pig types. The Metal Pig is hardworking in their personal pursuits and in the protection of their ideals. In this sense, it is not usual to see a Metal Pig fighting fiercely for justice. In communication, the Metal Pig adopts the same intensity, which explains why they are often considered blunt' - hmmmm...maybe this should be mine, don't you think?,'' Sherlock queries, before continuing, ''Luckily, the Metal Pig's dependable reputation outshines their weaknesses.' How do you feel John, knowing that your dependable reputation outshines your so-called Metal Pig weaknesses?''
I want to kiss his temple. Quickly. A peck. Something chaste, and something wishing him wellness. But I refrain.
I swallow down the last of my tea and don’t mention that he did, in fact, cry. Nor do I mention the fact that it was very likely to his benefit. Neither assertion would go over well.
''He-wig missin,''' Toby cried, seemingly more upset with the loss of what I could only assume was a doll - than his own crushed arm.
Was everyone around him always so dull? Or am I taking his peculiarities and assuming that everything that made Sherlock different was a sickness, a weakness, something that needed or now needs to be 'fixed'?
Sherlock steps back, his face distraught with the knowledge that I won't just look away. That it'll take more than a couple mouthfuls of dry salad to get me off his back.
Speckling my legs are also a multitude of bruises. Some brown, some violet, some the colour of old pea soup. Most are small - the size of a pencil eraser or smaller - while a few stretch out several inches in diameter. I have no idea how they were obtained. Normal bumps or falls, I suspect, though I cannot recall falling so frequently as to be littered with bruising of such prevalence.
"Sherlock! The two of you have me between a rock and a hard place! Mycroft insisted in speaking with me. You know what he's like! You know how persistent he is!"
I wake up abruptly, hearing the clock down the hall. I can hear the swaying of the pendulum, the mechanical click of the seconds as they pass. My eyes flitter about the room and take in the drapes near my window. Mummy has left them open again, which I don't like. Sometimes squirrels and ravens look into my bedroom and stare at me in the dark. Sometimes the ravens caw at me in the night, and tell me horrible things. That they are going to kill me. Gut me with their beaks.
''Please,'' and my voice drops to a low hum, ''he's my best friend. I know him better than just about anyone. He'll never admit to it, but I know he's going to be scared. Please let me do what I can.''
I moved his body with my hands until he'd become soaked by the spray, and then motioned for him to bend forward a few inches. He tilted his head.
In some ways, therefore, I feel slightly relieved that at least my feelings for him - in this one area alone - seem to be unchanging. Because if the subject is one that scares him (as I assume it does), then I don't want to be tied to that fear.
''Without causing offense, what direction do you think we should go?,'' Sally interjects - oddly enough, playing a peace maker role for the time being. It's an odd departure from her common way of interacting with Sherlock.
''It doesn't feel like that,'' he answers, garbled, voice thick. ''It helps when nothing else does, and you're asking me to give it up, and I don't want to do that. I don't want to lie to you, or Mycroft, or anyone. But I don't want to give it up.''
The pajamas are too short on me. The fit in at the waist, but they are about five inches too short at my ankle.
Please note that this chapter covers - fairly descriptively - a binge and purge session. Please do not read if you feel you could be triggered by such content.
He was also my lab partner, of sorts. He was taking a biology class and the accompanying lab class to help him fulfill his science obligations for his degree. I wasn’t taking the biology lab, really, but I was acting as a TA for the professor as I had taken it two years prior and had completed all of my other science pre-reqs.
Suddenly, the sandwich is back in my hands and I am taking another bite. And fat, salty tears are making their way into my mouth even though I am completely silent and not really crying at all. I don't even feel sad, so I cannot be crying.
Sherlock took his share, and the glass hopped around in his hands. He downed the entire offering as if it were water and he were severely dehydrated.
"You were not a mistake," and my voice is suddenly harsh. Commanding. "You were an innocent little boy!"
At 12:02 am I pull up Mycroft's contact profile in my phone and within seconds he's on the line while I ramble off my concerns. Within two minutes of that he is off the phone; apparently he has promised to 'trace' Sherlock, and I am under very precise instructions to stay off the phone, he says, in case of an 'emergency.' Unless, of course, Sherlock's number comes in. In which case I will answer the phone, Mycroft's instructions be damned.
''Are you trying to express that you'll consider leaving if Sherlock doesn't change some of his habits?,'' I qualify, since Sherlock seems incredibly still and unwilling to talk, currently.
''Being honest about this takes a whole boatload of strength, Sherlock. Talking to me or anyone else who wants to help you isn't a sign of weakness. It's a sign of strength. At least it is to me. Do you believe me when I say this?''
Her voice, now, has lost its heat. I can hear self-recrimination in her tone. A flittering realization that she's been too condemning of a person that stood by a social pariah, wounded by everyone else's inability to see him for what he truly was; and Sally Donovan's own inability to see a victim in one victimized far more than most will ever be victimized is probably upsetting to her, in its own right.
I don't say anything to that. Merely hold out my hand and make a tisk-ing sound, seeing if Bruno will come to me. I suspect that he won't - being cuddled by Sherlock (and who would have thought that, really?) but it's a good opportunity to help boost Sherlock's self confidence a bit. That people *do* and can like him. That animals do like him, too. That there is nothing repellant about him as a person, save for his obvious attempts to push people away with cutting comments and overly caustic analysis of the secrets of others.
''Most people don't care about THEM. They only seem to care about IT, only sex - and the people...,'' and I realize very quickly that Sherlock's voice is rising. Exponentially, and with extreme rapidity.
I can sense that he's gearing for a fight. That he wants to vent but also doesn't want to talk about This Issue (and yes, it's capitalized), and he's upset with himself for not knowing how he wants to proceed.
''I'm not trying to be 'sick'. And I'm not saying you mean anything sexual about it. But what he did to you, what your father did to-''
''It started when I was 11,'' I state evenly. Sounding strangely calm. Feeling strangely calm, and strangely disconnected.
''I am sorry, sir,'' she says somewhat more gingerly a second later, ''but even if you are a doctor-''
'''So what', Sherlock? So everything! Don't you see what's wrong with this picture?! That's no way anyone in any sane universe treats a person he loves like that! That isn't love, Sherlock! That was never love!''
''I'm glad that I'm such a good liar to everyone that you can't discern my obvious inadequacies. That you find this so interesting,'' I retort, ''and I'm very glad there is no lasting hurt...on your part. That was my main concern.''
Or, at least I feel relieved until I consider the fact that I have no idea of knowing what he feels for others. What he might even feel for me.
In days prior, his responses had been more or less one-word answers. I would try to engage him but it was not unlike pulling teeth. He didn’t want to give anything up, and I didn’t want to push. So we often were at a standstill with me suggesting calming activities or anti-anxiety methods to help him deal with his obvious anxiety issues while he would nod and doodle away with black markers on slips of loose leaf as if writing down coded messages.
''Ok, Sherlock,'' the doctor finally sighs, when I don't respond, ''let's go through this point by point. Were you agitated when you arrived?''
My heart pounds against my ribcage. Not out of fear of him, but out of sadness for him. And also, if I am being completely honest – because this degree of rage, which has obviously been nesting deep within him for years, decades even, can be a powerful force when it is finally unlocked in anyone.
I've always focused on physical issues. I left the conditions that impacted minds and moods to other people. People who didn't come from a family of alcoholics and depressives.
Toby nods, then opens his mouth as if to speak. I do not look at him, in case it is an actual attempt to say something. Any perceived pressure is likely to shut him down in a hurry. Eventually his mouth moves into an O shape, and then closes upon itself, his baby teeth cutting into his lip.
When he speaks, he gives no indication that he's heard anything I've had to say even though I distinctly saw his brief flash of anger at my earlier words.
''Did someone here hurt your throat?,'' I ask without thinking, feeling something sour steam up behind my eyes. A rage. ''Someone at this clinic?''
We fell asleep watching The Graham Norton Show last night, I remember that much. Daniel Radcliffe was on the show, along with a tawny brown owl which had the audience in stitches - as it wouldn't do any of the pre-established tricks it had been trained to do, and Norton's voice (''This is the owl who played Pigwidgeon in the films? Are you sure of that, Daniel?'' And the actor laughing, while people awww'ed at the doltish little bird craning his neck this way and that. ''I think this guy is an imposter. I don't think I've ever seen this owl before in my life.'' And the audience roared.)
''THIS,'' he repeats, not saying anything in words, but imparting a meaning that transcends a verbal term. I can sense his meaning in the equal grasp of my own hand. The piercing hold of his fingers against my own.
He would run until his sneakers were coated in blood, but he didn't seem to care about these bruises or blood.
And who could blame him? If sex by force was the expectation - his very reality - even before he'd have a concept of what sex was supposed to mean to couple in a consensual sense - then certainly romance would seem foreign. A media construction to make movies seem poignant, perhaps. A falsity. The interplay and the words that adults use when considering a potential sexual partner might even seem abhorrent to him growing up with the views that must have solidified at a tragically young age. As a bloody toddler, really.
''It doesn't have to be like this, Sherlock,'' Yuri calmly spoke back. ''Much of what you are dealing with can change, can be improved.''
''I've looked it up, and some things fit, and I think I used to believe that maybe if people really thought that I was...''
''So, I guess-,'' Yuri starts carefully, taking in the rigidity of Sherlock's form. For all the issues he's likely had with Sherlock in the past, not opening up - not being accessible - Sherlock now seems much more stressed. The room buzzes with the energy of his fear. ''I just want to start with a few questions, Sherlock. You were aware that this session was scheduled for you and I alone, right? Why has John accompanied you today?''
''I am not judging you, Sherlock, but I don't know what to do anymore! I can't watch you get sicker and sicker through your own behaviours and ignore it! Every day I feel like I should be doing more, except I don't know what that 'more' is! So please feel free to fill me in on what I should be doing. Because I don't know what I can say or do that will make you want to stop this, and then I feel horrible for pressing you at all! I know what it's like to cling to anything - anything! - if it seems safe! And I hate that this feels like safety to you, when I know it's really death!''
Donovan looks over at me, then glances over to Sherlock. Of course, Sherlock isn't looking at anyone: he is tracing lines of the conference table with his right index finger. Loops or swirls. Or he's possibly spelling out a word or a name. It's really hard to say.
''I doan wantto disturb him,'' he mumbles, his stress much more apparent now. He's likely been skirting his ability to cope with his issues for a long time now.
''I don't want you to feel scared anymore, Sherlock. Neither does Yuri. He's certainly not furious with you. I give you my word that he's not.''
So OCD is one cause behind why an otherwise highly logical child or adult engages in self-harming features.
Eventually, too, we became sexually involved. In fact, Patrick became my first sexual partner, and I became his – though navigating those waters lead to several relapses for him and awakened me to the reality that having an eating disorder isn’t an all or nothing thing. That it has to be treated much the same way as alcoholism. Or drug addiction.
I put down the report, trying to keep my hands from clenching in either anxiety or anger. Or both, I'm not really sure.
I want to smack him. I want to shake him. I so badly want him to hear me, but he's having none of it.
He sashayed back a few moments later, Vernet cupped in one hand and a rather large burgundy tome in the other.
My arms come to wrap around his frame when he fails to say anything else; I try to ignore the bony protrusion of vertebrae as he shifts closer to me.
''Yeah. I know it. I know you are, love,'' I breathe against his cheek. Then before I have fully processed what is happening, I give him a firm kiss against his temple. ''So let's just focus on what we need to do to get us back on track. Okay? Any worry you have about you and me, or what I am thinking, or what comes next...try not to concentrate on too much right now, yeah? Just trust me, and take some deep breaths, and know it's going to get better. Okay?''
My heart is racing. Perhaps as much as it did just the other evening when John had to wake me from a night terror.
Sherlock's fingertips glide over his knees. Over his bones. I have noticed that he seems to touch the ridges of his skin much more often these days. It's almost as if - consciously or not - he's soothed by his thinness.
''I'm fine,'' I say, touched by the action, but I take them anyway. Put them on, because I can sense that's what he needs me to do. To accept this offering.
I was able to sense that the development of his symptoms were not linked to a dysmorphic appreciation of his body - as is often the case with individuals that are truly suffering from eating disorders - but a regimented obsession with numbers for the distraction that his compulsion offered him. In other words, I had the task of convincing three other primary psychiatrists devoted to his care that he was not, indeed, a sufferer of anorexia or exercise bulimia - but perhaps of something equally insidious but not yet addressed in his case file.
Sherlock is standing rigidly now. His arms are wrapped around his midsection. It's a gesture that I've only seen emerge in the last four or five weeks.
''Yes. Ward 6, or something. He had known a doctor there. Dr. Barrett, I think. Said he was brutish. Almost got pulled off a recent case due to an altercation with him. Over the little guy on our last case. The little boy I told you about? God what a mess. How can there be this many traumatized children? Everywhere we go, Yuri? It's not rare anymore. It's everywhere I look now. This little kid raped, or this little girl beaten, or this little kid abandoned at a shopping mall...''
''Yes, I know about that. Mycroft told that me you called to get yourself the help you needed. You did something very impulsive - yes. I know. What you did was beyond serious, Sherlock. Of course it was...and it's the only reason the why I have packed up so many of your things,'' I test, a faint smile edging along my mouth, trying to offer him the assurance of everything being okay when we both know that there is still so much ahead, ''but you didn't do anything wrong - not morally. Not any more than if you were holding onto monkey bars, and you slipped from them because your arms were burning and you couldn't hold on any longer. Just like that. Would that be wrong? For your body to give out in a moment of exhaustion?''
The response makes me smile, because it seems so typically him. No anxiety, no 'hi, how are you?' or even an answer to my general question. A derailment off course into something that, on the whole, seems inconsequential.
Sherlock licks his lips, and I suddenly realize that his lips are incredibly dry, accompanied by grooves of dried blood.
I swallow down my shame, and try to get my words to come out with a stability I don't know I can pull off right now.
''Every adult let this little kid down when he was going through hell. Maybe most didn't know what was happening to him. I don't know, and right now I don't care about the excuses of others. I just know that I am not giving up on him. And I need to know that you will help me...fight for him. That we will work as a team to help him. So he can finally feel safe.''
''Don't be sorry,'' the voice says calmly. ''You are going to get better. I just need you to let me help you. Can you try to do that? Can you trust me?''
''I stopped almost entirely when I was 12. Started again when I was 13. When I was 14, Mycroft put me into The Priory. I was there for almost four months. But I don't think he knew, because even the doctors didn't. Just that I didn't want to eat. But that was all.''
''Not going to happen. Lestrade says you're not to go speaking to Toby on your own. Not after the stunt you pulled with Dr. Barrett.''
Then I nodded in a numbed fashion, disturbed that I could feel so much fear when nothing overtly bad or frightening was happening.
And everything hurts, and I don't know if I want it to hurt, or if I want it to stop. If I could decide on if I wanted his kindness, or if I wanted pain then maybe I would be okay. Not conventionally okay, so much as okay with myself.
''I want to go to my room,'' I croak at last, sensing John's immobile nature. His steadfastness. ''I'm sorry,'' I add quickly, knowing I've fucked up. Yet again.
That’s not to say that the man isn’t thoughtful, though. He is. If I forget my lunch, for example, he’s apt to show up at my office with a container filled with egg foo yung, lo mein, a coffee with extra cinnamon and a handwritten note written with his calligraphy pen – something that takes considerably longer than picking up after himself or chucking his sweats into the mesh bag above the washing machine once a day.
John's fingers have encased both my wrists. I am locked in by his human handcuffs, and for that I feel reasonably safe.
I walk a few paces back to my seat, and when I am sufficiently away from his line of sight, I slowly turn the sheets over.
But truthfully, I have prized my mind above my body, and while I don’t see all these smaller aspects of how my personality asserts itself as self-harm, Yuri says that I don’t really have the best handle on what that means, either. Because, apparently, this needs to change if I want to get Well. (When he says the word, it is capitalized. It means something much grander than any other word in the sentence).
''No. I mean...I feel better. I feel, I'm not sure - stronger. It's an urge. Right? To eat? And I can turn it off. I think I could turn any of them off. So I do. And then, eventually, it goes away and it's quiet. But that allows me to think. To really use my mind.''
He wanted to see me out of concern that if he didn't ''he would hurt John in greater ways and more deeply'' than he already had.
It's said with such little-boy defiance, sans fear, that I suddenly understand a little bit better what Mycroft is trying to achieve.
''I told you things, and you think you can use them against me?,'' his voice has taken on a shrill heat, as if he believes that I really have betrayed him.
''My coat is just warm,'' he says a few seconds later, and I frown. This degree of awareness - of needing to smooth out the edges - is something I usually don't see from Sherlock. ''That's it. That's all.''
''You didn't screw up, Sherlock. On the contrary. You talked to me, yes, but I am your friend; no harm will come of that. And while I don't understand this particular battle - I do get aspects of what you are feeling. Not with eating, no. But perhaps with feeling certain ways and being embarrassed because of those feelings and wanting to keep the thoughts to yourself. I mean, why do you think it was recommended that I speak to my psychiatrist? Back before I even knew you?''
But it may have not been nothing to him. It may have been everything to him. And that's all I care about right now.
''And do you want to know what the craziest thing about this is?,'' he mutters to the table, now that Molly is safely back in the kitchen, the can opener whirring in the distance. ''I'm actually hungry. I'm hungry, John.''
''Even if you think this is just hurting you, it's not. There is no 'just you' here. It's hurting you in awful ways - maybe undefinable ways - but it's hurting me, too. It's definitely hurting Mycroft, and I'm not saying this to make the pain worse for you. I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm terrified, Sherlock. Fucking terrified.''
''That's not what I said,'' I mutter at last, feeling lost and weak. ''That's certainly not what I meant.''
"I didn't think I was playing very loudly. I apologize if I woke you up," Sherlock mentions again, his line of sight connecting with my face - trying to read me.
I had been in tears at that point, demanding with each accepted condition that he still needed to get checked out and that I wouldn’t tutor him any longer until he did so. I told him my conscience wouldn’t allow for it.
He's breathing starts to regulate shortly after I speak and I cup his chin with my fingers. Feel the denuded skin - freshly shaven, and looking boyishly young, but sick. Wan and purple-pale. I feel the hardness of bone peeking through his jawline, the ridges that feel more pronounced than they should on a healthy person. Bone normally covered and padded with considerably more flesh and fat.
I fill the tumbler with tap water and drink slowly, feeling the water drop down into my stomach. I'm reminded of a cave, with water splashing up over the edges. Something hollow and untouched by man. And it makes me feel calmer.
''What are you on about?,'' I bite out, frustrated and scared and hurting, for him. ''I am not leaving! I told you-''
''Yes,'' and the nurse, to her credit, doesn't take my tone personally. ''But as soon as he is out, we will inform you.''
By the time I get to the last stall in the bathroom, the yogurt is coming up on its own. I run the last few steps, as my body projects outwards cords of black, gritty stings that never seem to end.
''Do you take those with food?,'' she asks carefully. ''You are supposed to take those with food, right?''
''That's correct. Your brother is not to blame for the fact that someone hurt you as a child! Your brother is not to blame for the reason you find eating confusing or scary or abhorrent or disgusting or anything else that makes you feel badly!''
It was: 'I'd take that over what happened to me. I'd take every beating that he had surely gone through if I could never have gone through...that.'
He turns back to me, my friend, my best friend – and for a moment I see a version of Sherlock that has become the template of what I used to associate with his overall nature: aloof, flippant, driven, quicker than lightening in bodily movements.
"If I tell you something - something very pivotal to explaining my concern for Sherlock - will you promise not to repeat a single word of it to my brother? He can never know that I've mentioned the subject. He would never forgive me if he knew that I was discussing certain...events...with you tonight."
I take a sip of coffee. It’s still much too hot, so I crack open the lid and blow against the top, rewarded in the process with a slight wafting aroma of nutmeg.
I am more or less used to myself. To what I do to myself. He's not yet used to dealing with a person who has problems like I do. So I lay on my side, and take in his sleeping form. The even breaths. The gentle cascade of air as it leaves his mouth and nose. The gentle face.
Can hear the remnant memory of John's voice encouraging me to breathe more slowly, less shallowly. I attempt to do so again, to stave off an attack.
I skip sugar today, and add a dash of cinnamon to the mug. Cinnamon is a thermogenic food source. It naturally boosts metabolism and is good for blood sugar regulation. It can also offer a small amount of soluble fiber when regularly consumed.
If talking to him about how I felt at my lowest helps him at his lowest, I will gladly reveal every secret and every dark moment of my past.
''I am on your side, damn it! If I wasn't on your side, I'd let you kill yourself via your preferred method of starvation!''
''You close your eyes and ignore the open world. The world you see with your eyes open. That's the open world. That world is not for you. It's not real. So you tell yourself it does no good to care about it. Because it's not real. Because you can make your own palace in your head. Do you see?''
''Let me take over, okay? Let me do this. You can close your eyes, and I can get everything in place. You follow my lead, knowing I will do nothing to hurt you. I will just do my best to help you. Nothing too fast, nothing too hard. Just little steps, Sherlock.''
And what did they say to make him feel as if this self-imposed torture was the highest ideal that he could cultivate for himself? That this was lofty?
''So you're not a robot. So they were wrong. So everyone who thought you were heartless and cold and unfeeling was foolish, and stupid and wrong. And now you can throw in their faces if they dare make mention of it. Other than that - this isn't like you. When do you care what other people think?''
''He grasped at me so forcefully, I'd be surprised if I don't have bruises by tomorrow,'' and she lets out a sound that could almost be taken as a laugh. Almost. ''He asked me not to go, John. Not to leave him. Me. He hates me.''
''He's my brother, John. I love him. I've always loved him. I loved the very idea of him, before he was born - when he still nothing more than this phantom playmate in my mind. I was six years old when I was told I'd be having a brother, which is a rather interesting time in the development of the child-mind. Did you know that I was the one to name him? Of course, it's not something I would wish to admit to now. I would never deliberately name a child anything so cruel now. But I did not see it as cruel when I was little.''
''Yes, that's right. Whoever hurt your head and hurt you down below? That person...we will make sure they never see you again.''
''Unhealthy,'' I start, looking down to the table. I have limited words I can use right now to express my concern. What's more - if I don't make an impact, Sherlock is going to try to run roughshod over me, like he always does.
''You are never to say sorry for telling me something like that, alright? You never say sorry for that truth. You got it?,'' I rasp against his ear.
Because as a child all I had really wanted was some measure of comfort, and instead I was given poison.
''Why?,'' he asks at last, sounding authentically confused. ''You said that you wouldn't mind seeing John and me together, since our dynamic is complicated.''
''Do you want to have sex with me?,'' Sherlock finally grits out, his body rattling like a leaf in the wind. ''Is that why you love me? I know you are patient, and I know that if you did, with you - that maybe I could, if-''
I don't know if I suddenly feel hungry, or if I suddenly feel sick to my stomach. I don't know if I want to suddenly eat toast, lots of toast, with deep slabs of butter.
Three, if I drop the John. Two if I keep it really simple. Just a 'love you.' But when could I say something like that? When getting the paper? When watching a show? At Angelo's? After a case? Anytime I say it would sound wrong.
''Nothing to be afraid of with me, dearheart,'' and Sherlock rubbed the edges of my sweater between his fingers, seemingly absorbed by the material.
''No, John. I am sorry, but he is being kept in as low stress an environment as possible at the moment.''
''I know you do. I know you understand...this, but you have to look at the case from their perspective, too...''
''You know I can't say if he did, John. But, regardless, it's often a way in - so to speak - with conditions like these. He's your friend, you're his. And it sounds like the two of you have an intense bond. Perhaps I can help facilitate what needs to be communicated so that he gets how much this is scaring you. In a clinical setting, it's also harder to dismiss concerns. At home, he can retreat. At the office, he'd be less likely to do so. Also-,'' and the older man pauses now, looking thoughtful.
''You are in love with me?,'' I frown, feeling odd and disjointed. ''What do you mean you're in love with me?''
''Your son is terrified of this house because he's been hurt in this house. Repeatedly, and for years. Right now he's shaky - possibly in mild shock. Can we keep this conversation from escalating, please? For Toby's sake?''
''Then what? What did I say? When? I can't make something better if I don't know what I did that upset you so much in the first place!''
''I'm sorry,'' I wheeze, ''I'm sorry, Sherlock. I'm just-'' and it's then that I realize that my right hand is tremulous, shaking.
John could own me, as a being, as a creature. I would let him, if the process was immediate and if I knew I'd never come back into my mind, and back into these thoughts.
I'd bet if I were a nurse or an assistant, overseeing a procedure whereby a traumatized child is crying, and another adult is lashing out at the residing physician - I'd be confused, too.
He never would sleep for eight hours straight, and the issue of noise and the concern about reducing it was never before an issue I had to think about.
''You are listed as his medical proxy, and for that reason I will explain the basics of what is occurring with Sherlock, but the situation is also much more complicated than what I can divulge to you right now.''
A moment later I realize his actions have a narrower focus; an end-goal distinct from merely offering me comfort.
I smile warmly at the man, who seems so eager to help. ''I can eat anything, and I absolutely love Vietnamese food. It's one of my favourites.''
''I didn't...abandon Harry. Harry doesn't want to be helped. She's attached to her status. As an alcoholic. She likely will never change.''
Now, as we make our way closer to an establishment we haven’t yet tried – “The Little One Coffee Shop” – I can see John’s strides quicken and he holds the door out and away from himself, granting me access.
And I hate that he sounds so scared to speak. I don't want to scare him. All the same, he is used to getting his own way. That has to change. His bullheadedness is what has driven so many away, when he was at his lowest.
I tug his over-sized charcoal gloves onto my hands. When I bring my beverage back to my lips, I can smell the scents of cedar and something vaguely like book binding glue.
And it's then that I realize Sherlock is more that disappointed. He's extremely angry. He wouldn't take personal pot-shots if he were just slightly disappointed.
And yet I know better. I know that to do so is only prolonging our sessions and prolonging the work we still have to do and would ultimately only be prolonging the time it takes for him to start feeling better. Emotionally.
He's likely much more emotionally aware that he wants to admit; more emotionally aware than he is probably given credit for being.
''I need you to eat some more now. Some more of the sandwich, ideally, and some of the soup, minimally. Come on. You can do it. I know you can, Sherlock.''
Sherlock looks confused. He looks like a man with a thousand questions being blocked by one persistent, stubborn fear of exposure.
"If one is hurt, but is strong in their own being, in their own heart - it is hard for others to see them as victims. But if they expose their heart as being damaged, or broken - it is much more frightening. And Sherlock would never want you to pity him, John - even though my biggest worry if that he is broken. And that he will never have the type of life he should have had the right to experience - namely because he is too scared to accept that he wants it. Or, more accurately - to accept that it is okay to want it. That there is nothing shameful in wanting a partner. Wanting what others want."
''Sit down! You can't just take off! Not with another child missing! We are taking this case! We have no choice. YOU have no choice!''
''No,'' I say calmly, the anger I felt at his earlier behaviour quickly departing in the wake of my ever growing concern for his psychological health.
I barely breathe. I don't want to talk to him right now. I can hear his words repeat over and over in my mind.
I helped him, and he helped me in a different way – since I had newly come out as being gay to the world and was dealing with the fallout of this information having made its way back to my non-accepting family.
And Yuri just listens. He takes it all in and I never get the feeling - even for a nanosecond - that he's doing so out of professional obligation. His compassion is raw and I even catch the barest of flinches at times. He's pained, in a sense, by what I'm telling him about Sherlock, too.
Because if he is caustic and blunt in his comments, and a person still sticks around and treats him with respect...aren't they proving their mettle? The depth of true feeling and friendship?
I don't believe I have a recent history of sleep talking. At least, I haven't spoken in my sleep for almost 15 years now.
Sherlock squints at the early evening horizon line, the sun passing down and glossing the terrain in orange and scarlet.
I feel him nod, instead of seeing the action. My gaze strays away from us. Somewhere away from us both. Plasters its sight on the wall.
''I'm...sorry,'' I say tensely, my throat parched. ''I'm sorry I've put you through all this stress. I misrepresented myself when we first met, and you made your decision to become my flatmate based on having you think that my primary failings were an impulse to-''
His lips are pinched in a forced half smile-half grin. Given his pallor and his overt fear this evening, the words seem almost obscene.
Fear, pain, anger, shame, aggressive rejection of all social dynamics to minimize future threats, and perhaps most deeply covered up would be a boundless rage. Because I know if it had happened to me and I hadn't properly dealt with it? That rage would be inexhaustible.
"I think it's a possibility that I didn't want to consider for this entire case, to be honest - but one that makes sense given your behaviour with the children, your anger with Toby's father, your panic tonight. And if it's true - and I want nothing more for me to be wrong here, please know that - but if it's true it explains a lot. About you. It makes sense. For why you've struggled with some of the things you've struggled with for so long. For why you push everyone away."
"That sounds excessively time consuming for a sauce. Can't we just grate cheese over everything and be done with it?," I say easily, biting once more into the chocolate biscotti with relish.
''I never said you were,'' he says unconvincingly, his voice wavering with something like nervousness.
"But this case seems more personal to you than most. I guess what I am asking Sherlock is... do you understand what these kids went through?"
I know this isn't how it's done. I know, from my readings, that most eating disorder clinics often hide the numbers from patients.
Now, unless I am very much mistaken about how ill he was only a month ago - he seems to have declined far more rapidly than in times past.
''Yes, well. I, um, I hold practice sessions sometimes. Near the Sheldonian. Usually Wednesday evenings. Sometimes Friday nights. 6 to 7.''
Eventually, I find what I am looking for and turn around, furtively watching others and trying to confirm that I am not, likewise, being watched.
''She asks him if he knows where Robbie is. And of course the talking robot is completely overwhelmed. It cannot comprehend that another entity might exist that is exactly the same as it is. A similar being, with a similar isolation. Because it was always this thing. Just a thing. It was always alone, John. Always. Even when it did what it was supposed to do. So if there are others, just like it - it's what? A social being? Of intelligence? Then it's not alone. It's not supposed to be alone. So it breaks down. The talking machine basically, disconnects forever. He breaks. Over a question.''
Besides, how long have I kept these things in my coat pocket? As a reminder of past stupidity? A silent plea, to myself if to no one else, that I wouldn't fall that far again.
''It's French,'' she says with conviction. ''Very standard French. Nibblers - many of them, I think.''
''These are the basics forms I've filled out based on the recordings of your primary doctors since your admittance earlier today. If you can read over everything - make sure it's accurate - that would be a huge help.''
''I took it to sleep. A reality that you are making increasingly more difficult right now by refusing to leave me alone.''
I stop talking, and take a proper look at Mycroft. A real look. Reddish hair, nudging towards something roanish brown. Pale face. Like Sherlock's. Unlike Sherlock's - lightly freckled. The freckles more obvious in his pallor, now. Black marked eyes, and hazel eyes.
Sherlock hedges, not knowing how to answer. And his answer will be interesting, if only because I sense that he's capable of being profoundly honest when he needs to be.
There is a clouded, choked quality that also indicates that he's been trying to restrain his need to cry. He rarely cries, but to a keen ear the need to cry can be heard. And I can hear it now.
''This place is filthy,'' I vent, aware my emotions are on display. Aware it's worse than that, perhaps: my slipping mind is on display because Yuri's a psychiatrist.
And I've read the literature. I know how dismal the prognosis is for long term sufferers of anorexia.
''That's not actually what I'm trying to encourage at all. I simply thought we could use it as a tool. A test, I guess, to see if it helped us discuss some subjects. Obviously, it hasn't worked out very well so far.''
John says that I need to get in touch with my body – and certainly in terms of understanding when I am anxious. Not only that: I need to learn how to ask for help. I need to vocalize when I am confused about an experience, or if I have questions.
''I haven't been hurting myself!,'' he says aggressively, not sparing me a look. ''Don't be insane.''
I give a sad smile at that - at his insistence that his self-denial and his behaviours as of late are nothing more than the tireless workings of a scientific mind drawn to understanding the differences in personality formation.
I finish the first biscuit, and then tuck the remaining package into my coat pocket - aiming for relative nonchalance when I speak next.
The peaked face turned towards me, letting out a short huff of breath as if I had asked for a rather grand favor.
''Cut,'' he whispers in clarification – looking over my head at an old periodic table of elements chart on his wall. ''Cut myself, I mean. That was the impulse when I came in here. I wanted to do it to spite you, as horrible as that sounds. That's what my anger generates. Do you see?''
''I can try calling, then. I mean, I can make it seem like I'm trying to set up an appointment for myself. Because this sounds really strange, Sherlock.''
I feel like I've been witness to the drawing of a veil. An execution of sorts. A psychic execution. Something as weighty as capital punishment. An unfair connection, perhaps - but the reality of what must be occurring in that room right now is almost overpowering. The reality for what that child has lived through and now is enduring yet again is making it hard to breathe easily. When I back away from the window, I realize Sally has long since departed, and I'm glad.
"I can't drink this. I'm sorry," I bite out, rising quickly, and making my way to the kitchen. I dump the contents into the sink and watch the gritty remains of the sugar-barley blend coat the drain. I then open the pantry door and root around until I locate gunpowder green tea.
''Well - something is very wrong with him. He's always been thin, sure - but this last month? The weight has fallen off him.''
I give Sarah what I hope is seen as a winsome smile. We're still on good terms, at least. I haven't isolated myself from all my friends.
One I haven't seen from him yet; not in this context of how he's responded to these sessions, to Yuri, to treatment.
''He said I was sick! And that I was playing him! Playing everyone. I'm not trying to play him, but he thinks I am. And I don't understand why he'd-''
Isolating because I know, deep down, what he's doing here. He was feeling wretched. Whether due to a migraine, or just everything else that's happened lately - it would be understandable. I should have surmised that in his quiet moments Sherlock Holmes seeks the comfort of familiar things to soften a dire landscape. Just like someone seeks out a hug when they feel especially starved for physical touch.
I locate a trolley and deposit the necessary change to free it from its metal chain-linked perimeter. I then scour the aisles with steely intent, locating another carton of milk, two replacement boxes of cereal, bananas, blueberries, single serving cheese, dessert, and extra Sprite. I don't, of course, just purchase what I had consumed. That would be too easy for John to check, too easy for even him to piece together. But if I get an excess of food - far more than I actually ate - I can reasonably let him know that I did a full shop, and it makes me look competent and well intentioned. Doing my flat share duties, but nothing more.
"Why did you tell me that, Sherlock?," and the look in his eyes highlights just how much he wants to understand. But doesn't.
John chucks his napkin down onto the table. Probably saturating it in the blood-ketchup on his plate.
''I want to-,'' and suddenly his voice breaks, peals apart. Shakes. ''Sometimes...I want to go to sleep and never wake up. Just sometimes,'' he hisses.
"It probably will just have to be something we navigate together. But later - not now. Right now I just want you focused on getting healthier.''
Or at least that's what Mycroft thinks happened. And even though Sherlock says differently, I don't know how much I can trust his self-analysis at present. He also doesn't think he's critically underweight.
I pad lightly towards the hallway and amble down the steps, feeling a tad deflated. I mean, with everything that has happened recently it would be hard to call this day 'happy.' I am relieved beyond all measure that he's been cleared to come home, and that he hasn't done considerably more damage to himself. But I feel a gnawing upset over his worry that somehow I would be 'enraged.'
''He indicated that it hurts him now. A doctor should see to him as soon as possible. If he's cut or if he's ble-''
“So no more Tennant for ol’ Patrick because your clients don’t want to obey your office hours, eh? You’re a real softie, you know that?,” he smirks before turning off the show and reaffixing the pillows and throws so that it looks presentable as an office and not simply a grown man’s playroom.
''Because your concern for him is likely the biggest potential motivator he has to get better. If he doesn't want to start the process of getting better for himself, yet, then perhaps he'll start on the basis of relieving your own concerns.''
"What now?," I question, trying to hold in the shuddery need for fresh air. I can calm down in my own room, in the bathroom. I can get it together in privacy.
It's then that I realize that Mycroft was wrong all along. For all his brilliance, and his cleverness, and his ability to look at someone and just seemingly know them - he did not know me. Not on this.
''That's all I can really think of for now. We are going to have to present this to Mycroft. And you need to be 100% on board, Sherlock. No going back after the fact. Or I might just-,'' I stop, and try to fashion my sentiment in a way that doesn't sound like a threat. ''I might consider Mycroft's route the better alternative here - unless I have your cooperation.''
I try to ignore the tightening in my chest that is alerting me to the fact that my behaviour is the reason for any changes. Little objects gone here and there, like missing teeth. No more pens or pencils, nor anything sharp. No glass, nothing with a slicing edge.
My mind needed to know how he had perished - needed to bear witness to his final moments on earth, at least in my mind.
His voice sounded almost as if it belonged to a different person. This wasn't a Sherlock I had ever seen before, never imagined existed.
