He nodded.
“Sure.”  Tony smiled back and slipped his sunglasses on.  “I could have brought the Saleen.  That thing’s a hand-built one-off.”
Sam’s pointed look at Steve’s untouched food said he clearly didn’t believe it.  “You sure?”
Peter shook his head.  “I don’t--” he yanked on something in the guts of the copier and ended up flat on his backside.  He sighed ruefully then looked up at Steve.  “No.  I got it, Mr. Rogers.  Ms. Carter’s waiting for you, and I don’t want to make you late.”
~~*~~
“Sam’s younger than me.  And you’re only 26!” Steve objected hotly.
Natasha grabbed his elbow.  “Be ready.”
Handing Steve another box of clothes, he shook his head.  “Didn’t matter what kind of rattrap we were staying in, bedrooms all had some kind of closet.”  He glanced around the tidy master bedroom with the sun streaming in through the bay window. “Never any place like this.”
As always, thanks to Betheflame and Kestrel337 for exemplary beta, cheer, and handholding.  This would not be what it is without y'all.
He smiled at Tony leaning against a support pillar like he owned the place.  Well, really…
Steve laughed and squeezed her hand as he stood.  “You did.”
“Thank you.  I just…” he hesitated.  Probably shouldn’t go into the finer details of clock management and play selection logistics; no one outside actual players really cared after all.  “I just wanted to make sure I could protect all the hard work our team did all throughout the rest of the game. Make sure all their sacrifices and great plays weren’t for nothing.”
Steve nodded his goodbye then turned to head towards the motorcycle show that took up half the players’ lot and the kids football clinic taking place inside the stadium.
“Felt like your private business was slipping out of your grasp?”
“Is this a swimsuit kinda party?” Sam called down suspiciously quickly after Steve shut off the shower.
Steve leaned back against the shade of the house.  “So what’s up?  Why’re you testing out pet names on me via text?”
Tony rolled back over, and Steve kept pushing them slowly with his foot as they settled into a hazy calm, lulled by the occasional chirp of an insect and the slow rock of the swing.  “Will you tell me something unedited?” Steve murmured.
Steve flushed, quietly pleased he’d made such an impression on this guy.  “Thanks. What, uh, what position do you play?”
They watched the volunteers buzzing around, helping families and couples and even a few individuals meet the animals for a while in easy silence until Bucky elbowed Steve gently in the arm.  “You’re thinking too hard.”
“I think there’s unpolished intimacy in bare feet,” Steve said softly then smiled when Tony curled his bare toes around the crossbar on his chair.  “Tell me something unedited?”
“Anything in particular?” Tony asked softly.
“Oh honey,” Tony rocked into the motion of Steve’s strokes.  “You’re already mine.”
Steve smiled, warmed now by more than just the radiant heat coming off the house.  “Just at home.  Working on the bike.”
“Please.”  Tony came to stand next to Steve.  “You’re what, 22?”
“I guess so,” Steve said.  “I don’t have any better ideas.”
Tony hummed thoughtfully as he rolled over and watched Steve stand up and shuck off his jeans.
Fury grabbed the hem of Steve’s jersey to hold him still during the two minute warning media timeout.  “We’ve only got two minutes, and you know a field goal will get it done.”
“Your phone was blowing up,” Sam said when Steve got back out, not looking up from his own phone.
“Okay, okay, focus,” Steve called them back to attention.  A glance at the clock and he settled under his center for the last time as a college player.  “Release on two..one...
“Rogers, get your head in it,” Coach Jones snapped when Steve bobbled a ball one of the ball boys tossed back to him.
tell Mrs. Da Marco I’ve eaten this and reacted this way.”
Sam’s look only intensified; he was still clearly unimpressed by some part of that idea.  “If you think that’s the best use of your voice.”
“It’s--”
“Okay,” she muttered, clearly not okay.  She turned the pages towards him with a small, genuine smile.  “Time for ink and promises.”
Sam let it lie until he had Steve trapped in his car on their way to practice.  “So your girl must be pretty fancy, huh?”
Every team, it turns out, does their captaincy different ways.  Some have a core group and then rotating additional captains.  Some have set captains and that’s it.  Some rotate their captains by week.  And just like the initial selection differs by team, so to do the policies about replacing a captain with a season-ending injury.
Instead of answering, Steve leaned in and closed the distance between them this time.  He turned his body in towards Tony as he kissed him, and sighed when Tony melted against him.
Tuesdays off, Steve decided, were the best.  Everything was open, but nothing was weekend crowded, so he could take his time when he ran errands, and today, an email from Pier 5 Auto sent him in the direction of what he called “his” auto parts shop in Red Hook after his morning run.
Tony nodded.
Bucky’s text the night before the adoption event reminding him to wear Avengers workout gear also served to remind Steve that virtually everything he did had a public-facing element now.  Still, he couldn’t help being a little excited about the fact that Bucky had invited him to help with something he clearly felt so strongly about.
In the media room, Steve grabbed his shoes and tugged them on, but he didn’t immediately stand back up to go.  He ran his hand over the couch cushions where, a couple hours ago, he’d been flat on his back making out with Tony Stark like they were teenagers.  Surprisingly, none of the worry or shame that had inevitably followed his infrequent, usually alcohol-fueled, hookups in high school and college crept up on him here.  He felt...quiet.
Steve rolled his eyes and turned back to the oven to check on his food.  After he’d turned out the oven light, he picked his phone back up.  Tony had already answered.
“Okay I absolutely would,” Tony agreed then leaned in and kissed Steve slow and soft.
When they stepped off the elevator, Tony shooed Steve towards the gentle curve of the living room windows as he pulled his phone out.  “Go, explore.”  He grabbed Steve’s elbow before he could wander too far.  “Any allergies?”
,” Bucky said from where he was laying in a sun lounger nursing a beer and occasionally peeking up over the edge of the grill that Falsworth was manning.
“With the tenth pick in the NFL Draft, the New York Avengers select Steve Rogers, quarterback, The University of Texas.”
“No touching.  You know that.”  She smeared another dab of Aquaphor on his chest and taped down more plastic film over it.  “Get dressed before your man comes back in here and spoils your surprise.”
He’d nodded dumbly at her, and she’d just laughed some more.  He’d wanted, so badly, in that moment to give shape to the nebulous anxiety that swirled around the intersection that seemed to exist where his personal life met his public life, but before he could, his mom had just hugged his arm a bit harder then resettled herself.  “The right person will help you find the right balance.”
“Hey, you okay?” Sam murmured.
Cynthia passed it over with a giggle.  “My boys are gonna be so jealous.”
“Press helps pay your bills, darling,” Tony pointed out.
“Well, be careful.  And text me when you get home,” Tony insisted over the soft rush of the elevator coming closer.
“Let’s see, that’s Tim Dugan, but literally everyone calls him Dum Dum.  That’s Gabe Jones, Monty Falsworth, Jim Morita, and Jacques Dernier,” Bucky said, pointing to each of his companions as they followed him into the house.  “And we’re here to help with whatever you need.”
“Happy birthday, dude,” he crowed as soon as Steve peeled an eye open.
She set down her machine and smiled down at Steve’s chest then passed him a mirror.  “Take a look.”
“24.”
Your kind comments and your generous kudos and you telling people about this fic are so generous and I appreciate each and every one of y'all so much.
As they made their way down the hall to the bathroom to wash up, the sound of Monty, Jim, and Gabe thundering down the stairs made Steve flinch up at the ceiling like their pounding footsteps were enough to bring it down on their heads.  “Not to be rude or anything, but--”
“I’m not even sure why I want this to be a surprise,” he admitted while Carla fiddled with getting the stencil placed just right.
Steve watched Tony’s lashes flutter as he blinked.  Down at their hands laying next to each other, up at Steve’s face.  When Tony looked at him, he shook his head, the barest hint of movement, and leaned in himself.  “You’re not.”
“This is why I like you, Rogers.  You’ve got a head for this beyond what’s on the field,” Natasha murmured.
Steve shrugged, trying desperately to keep a straight face.  He wanted so badly to surprise Tony after all.  “Just...y’know…”
Thank you as always for your kudos and comments.  Your kind words and enthusiasm for this story make me so happy.
“Erskine,” Devin answered.  “Old white dude. Used to be a coach or analyst or something.  He’s legit.”
Steve shrugged.  “Never seen it.  Any good?”
“It’s fine.  Can’t erase that kind of a reputation overnight.”  He smiled, but it sat awkwardly on his face and didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“That does seem prohibitively long,” Tony agreed, his voice sounding thoughtful.
Tony continued to explore the edge of the covering, his eyes wide.  “Do I--can I touch it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dude.  That game.  My friends and I
Bucky grinned up at them.  “‘Course you can, Dot.  You know I’m good for it.”
Steve rolled his eyes.  He knew how he looked after a workout.  Tony had plenty of room to be smug himself though in pants that highlighted his ass and thighs and a shirt that reminded people he didn’t just hide in a lab all day.
interviewed me for five fucking hours when I was in college because they wanted to know how I was balancing completing an advanced degree with what was, admittedly, only the start of a rather spectacular public indecency streak...no pun intended.”
She blinked a couple times, clearly aware he’d brushed her off, but she also knew she couldn’t press him without looking like she was digging for a scoop. She finally settled on “Enjoy your win.”
Reply from
Sam rolled over so he was laying back to back on top of Steve.  “So how weird is it that you’re like exactly 200 years younger than the whole ass country?”
A chorus of hoots and howls from his teammates rained down on Steve as he mounted the stage to shake hands with the committee members and accept the MVP trophy.
Steve shrugged.  “According to Phillips I can tell my asshole from a hole in the ground, so that’s gotta count for something.”
Betheflame and Kestrel337...y'all, I'm not even kidding about these two.  They make this story snap.
Steve shook his head.  “Just the numbers.”
“I don’t like gore porn,” Steve said, making a face.  “
“Steve, uh, Steve Rogers,” Steve stammered, before immediately cursing himself.  She clearly knew who he was. Rece Davis and Lee Courso mentioned him every Saturday afternoon anyway, so anyone with a TV and basic awareness of college football probably knew who he was.
Tony laughed, his whole face bright and pleased.  “Ask and you shall receive.”
Friends, this story would be a hot ass mess without Betheflame and Kestrel337.  I'm thankful for them every single day.
“Assholes,” Steve muttered at the screen when the three con artists started trying to trick Susy into thinking they were different people.
“This would make so much more sense if we were in South Dakota,” Sam muttered, shaking his head.
As he wove between the tables towards the stage out on the water, he could picture ESPN and NFL Network analysts breathlessly recounting his collegiate career and his showing at the Combine over a highlight reel of his time at Texas and his week in Indianapolis.  He could practically hear what they were saying, having heard it over and over in the time between the end of the season and tonight. The scuttlebutt calling him a winner in the pocket and touting his overall athleticism were nothing new, but now it would come with the added speculation about how he would fit in as the backup and heir apparent to a journeyman like Fitzsimmons.
Tony squeezed his arm, refusing to let go as he typed with both hands.  “No problem.  Your home?  My home?  The guy in seat 4F’s home?”
“Wouldn’t miss it.  We’re going to make a great team, Rogers.”
They lay in the gathering dark for a while longer before Steve untangled his hands from around Tony’s waist and clapped twice, making the living room lamps turn on.
Steve smiled weakly and pointed his fork at Sam and Scott.  “Them for sure. I’ve heard the phrase ‘early and often’ about Sam since Draft Night.”
Sam narrowed his eyes at him.  “Waze says to take the Holland Tunnel.  If that’s okay with you, east coast boy.”
,”  Steve insisted in the face of Natasha’s clearly sceptical expression.  “Look, if I tell you, you cannot flip out.”
Steve shrugged.  “No turning back now if I’m not.”  He smiled over at Coach Phillips’ wife.  “Mrs. Phillips, it’s nice to see you again.”
“Shift your weight from your back foot to your front as you swing.”  Tony used his hold on Steve’s hands to rock them both through the motion of the swing then released his hands with a small squeeze.  “All there is to it, Top Ten.”
Steve nodded.
“Got ‘em all.”  He said getting up from his lounger.  “I’ll go grab you those balls.”
“How’re you liking us?” Clint asked as Steve curled back up in his chair.
been that.  “It’s more that...well, I’m kinda gross.”
Cynthia dodged forward and squeezed his bicep.  “Thank you. You’re a sweetheart. Your mama must be so proud.”
sgrogers12@gmail.com
“Sure.”
Steve caught his wrist and made him stop.  “Your commute’s pretty quick in that suit, right?”
“I--thanks,” Steve said with a small nod.
“You’re also one of the highest rated prospects coming out of this class,” she finished for him.
Bucky rolled his eyes and shook his head as the rest of his friends spread out into the first floor rooms.  “Sure you
“Hmm?” Steve looked up from the preliminary notes Fury had emailed him.
“And look at you now,” Steve murmured.  “Doin’ good left right and center.”
“No kidding,” Steve agreed, slumping into the passenger seat of Sam’s car.  “I think Blackjacks are my new least favorite thing.”
Steve sighed.  “She seems to think you’re the reason Fitz got hurt.”
Steve grinned lazily up at the branches over his head.  “Nothing, really.  Just laying under a tree in the park after a run.”
“Lies.  Lies and slander,” Tony insisted.
The drumroll from the band cut them off, and they turned and belted out the alma mater with their fellow students for the final time.
“So will they be getting Avengers jerseys this year?” Steve teased.
Hey Short Stack,
Steve shrugged.  “If you want.  It’s very...as-is right now though.”
Tony’s hand had wandered down to his belt and he’d pulled the tongue through the buckle and he flapped it idly while he pretended to think.  “So I was thinking, again, hypothetically, that it might be nice...easy on your chest...to lay you out and attempt to suck your brain out through your dick.”  He grinned, unbearably smug, up at Steve.  “Thoughts?”
Steve choked out a laugh as he collapsed back in his seat.  He hadn’t expected either Bucky or Tony’s reaction to each other, but he could admit that he was pleased at least one of his teammates wasn’t going to flip out over who he chose to take out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sure thing, boss,” Happy agreed as he pulled out of the stadium lots and into traffic.
Once they were settled in the back seat and on their way, their driver smiled back at them in the rearview mirror.  “So, are you here for a romantic weekend?”
think--and I’m not alone--that it got--” Tony smacked the back of his own head and made a popping noise with his lips, “got
Outside, Tony’s Ferrari crouched at the curb, and Steve trailed his fingers gently over the glossy red paint.  “Could you have picked a showier car?” he asked with a smile to soften the words.
Sam shrugged.  “Whenever.”
Sam rolled his eyes.  “So is that something people born on the Fourth of July just
Steve grinned against the top of Tony’s head.  “Not any worse than after a game.”
She shrugged.  “Nothing for sure.  But think about who you spent serious time with at your pro day, and I bet even you have some pet theories.”
Steve nodded.  “I’ll see you guys there.”
Steve shrugged.  “Probably.  I took a nasty hit in the Sugar Bowl that had me seeing stars for a few downs.  She had front row seats that year, so I can’t imagine she was thrilled.”
“Oh, you know…”
Oh, yeah, a safety is when you get tackled in your own endzone.  Your opponent gets two points out of it.
Steve opened the box and lifted out a beautifully crafted gold watch chain.  A small enamelled longhorn decal with a rose in its mouth dangled from one end.  He blinked quickly, overwhelmed at such a thoughtful gift.
A head of reddish blonde hair poked out of one of the front windows on the third floor at the sound of Bucky’s yelling.  “Where’s he going?”
She sighed.  “Point. For now.  We’re going to revisit this one, though, I promise.”
“BYOB.  I ain’t runnin’ down ten different kinds’a suds for you punks.”  He slid his sunglasses back on and stood up.  “I better get back.  Part of the draw is that the Avengers star cornerback might help you adopt your dog.”
Cool dude. Can’t wait for preseason!
“Steve Rogers?” the apparent ringleader asked.
Steve nodded.  “And that’s a terrible way to treat a friend.  It really is, but tonight when I could see Sam trying to put it together, I just--”
Steve shrugged.  “Dunno.  I might.  Military’s a hard life.”
In the fumble, refs can’t call what they don’t see, and pretty much anything goes at the bottom of those turnover piles.  Yes, that includes biting.
“Yeah.”
Thank you for all your kind comments and kudos.
“Don’t scare the cat, don’t break a window, don’t gouge up the lawn,” she listed on her fingers.
Betheflame, Kestrel337, you're the blessing of my life.  And Stella...Stella...you're getting thirst credit on this chapter because I wrote this smut *specifically* with you in mind.
“I absolutely promise we’ll be quiet,” Steve vowed at Sam’s retreating back.
By the time they made it back to Bark n’ Purr’s setup, Wylie looked ready for a drink of water and a lie down, and Steve wasn’t in much better shape.  He let Wylie back into his pen and accepted the water dish one of the volunteers handed him with a smile.  While Wylie slurped noisily at his water, Steve let himself back out of the enclosure and went to relax on the grass under a tree nearby.
“Now can we tweet this?” one of them asked.  Between her smile and her voice, Steve pegged her as Dolores from the Bark N’ Purr rescue group.
“Let me get cleaned up then we can grab ice at the bodega on our way.”
Tony pressed him back into the bed, his hands squeezing the tight curve of Steve’s waist and down over his hips.  “Smooth lines are for seduction.”
Steve started typing in the shipping address field, but he stopped again when he got to apartment number.  Even if Tony was the only permanent resident, Stark Tower probably handled a ton of mail every day.  He stared at the half-completed address before he thought of a workaround.  Delivering something to Tony’s day job might not actually be that weird at all.  Decision made, he zipped through the billing information, and paused on the last box.
“I...my head of R and D might actually murder me if I don’t leave,” Tony mumbled against Steve’s lips.
~~*~~
Tony laughed.  “So...can I come over?”
“Clint.  Barton.  I don’t think we’ve officially met yet,” he said as he stuck out his hand to Steve.
Dude.  Seriously.  My hero. I don’t even care what the rent is because apartments.com is being about as helpful as a brick to the face.
Ms Hill nodded at him as she stood, smoothing out her sharply tailored pencil skirt.
“Brings a whole new meaning to ‘I brought you into this world; I can take you out of it,’” Natasha quipped.
“Well if it isn’t tiny Steve!” Rashad, the owner, said when Steve stepped through the door.  “How’re things?”
Tony’s sigh sounded like Steve was both preciously innocent and simultaneously the trial of his life.  “What are we doing here?”
Steve shook his head.  “I haven’t opened it yet.”
“I hate these kinds of games,” Carol muttered from near Steve’s elbow as Fitz got the offense lined up to start another drive from the Serpents’ 31.  “Too…”  she waved her hand at the field, “too tenuous.”
Points, for both teams, became remarkably difficult to come by in the third quarter as both the Avengers and the Serpents settled into a back-and-forth grudge match.
“That’s part of why I like you,” Tony replied.
of our team at our front door?”
Steve reeled him in with his free hand and kissed his temple.  “Of course you are...still doesn’t mean you’re good at teamwork.”
Natasha squeezed his hand in a surprisingly powerful grip and nodded.  “You’re absolutely right.”
samtwilson@gmail.com
Steve stepped back to let them in, and Bucky stepped into the entryway.  “That’s--thank you.”
Steve shook his head and squeezed the container in his hand, almost like he was checking it was still there.  Any answer he gave would make him seem hopelessly dull. “I’m a pretty...simple guy, honestly. Rec center, pool, cards until two in the morning, video game tournaments.  Anything cheap that’s not a violation of team rules.”
He offered her one last self-effacing smile.  “Thanks.”
“No, they are not.”  She deadpanned, glaring at him over the top of her sunglasses before she turned to glance up and down the row of cars waiting in the rideshare stand.  “We’re looking for a red CR-V.”
“You think she can lift that?” Steve murmured to Dallas as the spindly woman from the committee reached out to present Coach Phillips with the Rose Bowl Trophy.
Steve glanced over at the stands and caught Natasha’s eye.  She was sitting in the front row, iPhone in hand, clearly waiting on his response just as much as this reporter.  She smirked and quirked an eyebrow at him, a silent question.
Tony didn’t take long to reply.
Tony teed up and drove his own ball, scowling when it took a wild slice off to the right.  “Just physics my ass.” He glared back over his shoulder at Steve. “Don’t think I can’t hear you laughing at me.”
“For what?” Tony asked idly.
“But--”
Steve winked.  “You may not have heard, but some weirdo billionaire is paying me to play football for him.  Takes a lot of energy.”
Steve gripped the album a little tighter.  “Who’s asking?”
Back on the field with only 15 minutes to make something, anything, happen, the offense had to buckle down.  “We know Rollins,” Steve reminded them in the huddle.  “We’ve watched this defense work all afternoon.”
“Under my collarbone.”  He smiled at Tony as he inched towards them, now examining the individual artists’ work.  “Something just for me, like my mom.”
Steve shook his head as he silenced his alarm.  “I’m a terrible multitasker.  No, it’s time for me to start getting ready for bed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve sighed, the emotional and physical turmoil of going from observing to replacing an injured starter suddenly catching up with him.  “I kinda just want to go home.”
“They do that often?” he asked as they turned the corner to start running along the lake.
Thanks as always to Betheflame and Kestrel337 for superior cheer and beta help.  Additionally, special guest star thanks to Stella for some choice inspo pictures and Der Mann for exceptional laying on the living room floor and looking shit up for me...who the hell knew Flag Smasher had a real name?!  Not this gal.
A conversation he’d had with his mom when she’d come home for the last time jumped into his head.  She’d been sitting in the front room, rail thin and wearing a sweater even as the June heat crept through the windows and made Steve sweat.  He’d sat with her on the couch and let her rest her head on his shoulder while he did some reading for summer school, and when she hadn’t been looking at him, he’d finally worked up the nerve to say the one thing he knew he’d regret hiding from her.
“Sorry.”  Tony smiled sheepishly from where he stood in the doorway, four glasses in his hands.  “Didn’t mean to startle you.” He nodded down at the glasses. “Where?”
Tony laughed mirthlessly.  “And of course Saint Goodell
I know it’s not exactly a letter jacket, but I hope you’ll think of me when you wear it.
?”  he demanded.  “I literally did nothing.”
“I’m good,” Steve waived off the offer.  If he was about to be let go, he wanted to be able to control his exit.
,” Steve objected.  “Just that…” he groped back for the words his mom had used.  “It’s--You
He sighed.  He really didn’t want to give ESPN anything to chew, regurgitate and misinterpret until something more interesting happened.  “This night is about my team. We’ve worked so hard, so we’re just going to enjoy this win.”
Tony resettled himself against Steve’s chest and tugged Steve’s hands back up towards his hair.  “That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.”
“Refurbished all this,” Tony said with a dismissive wave.
Once again, thanks and love to Betheflame and Kestrel337 for incomparable beta work, cheerleading, and "hey, this doesn't make a lick of sense"-ing.
“Not just talk,” Tony fired back.  “Now where can I lurk?  No rest for the wicked, you know.”
Steve laughed.  “I could tell.  Please don’t call me your bowl of cereal you’ve left out for an hour.”
~~*~~
“Home,” Steve insisted as he tugged his coat back on.  He hugged Carla and kissed her cheek.  “You’re the best.  Thank you.”
Steve held out his hand, and Rollins took it with a grateful smile.  “Of course I’ll tell him.”
Red consulted the appointment book for a moment before he looked up with a smile.  “You must be Steve.”  He grabbed a clipboard with waivers on it, but when he handed it to Steve, he didn’t let go.  “Wait...you’re
“Once,” Steve said.  “I started the second game in a two-year home-and-home series with them.”
“And this is--isn’t?” Steve gasped and let his legs fall open as Tony’s clever fingers traced patterns and whorls up the insides of his thighs.
“Time for one more question,” another stage hand said from the back of the group.
When Bucky didn’t say anything else, Steve sat back and forced himself to relax as he watched the pack of players’ kids running around the back yard.  The eight or so who looked elementary aged were playing freeze tag, and one of the boys looked like he’d made it his mission to knock as many kids off their feet as he could when he crawled under their legs to unfreeze them.
Steve quirked an eyebrow at him.  “What?  Where?”
“Why are we being quiet?” Tony poked his head out the library door as Steve turned to finish locking up.
“Do you have any work clothes I could borrow?”  Tony asked as he bent at the waist to peer at the engine Steve had finished since Tony had last come over.
to hear.”
“The analysts Rhodeybear had running the interviews called him as soon as you left and he called me.  Never been to the Combine in my life. Never wanted to. But I flew to Indy and spent the rest of the week watching you work because of your interview.”
“Wanda, right?” Steve asked.
“Okay.”  He nodded.  At least he had the whole weekend to get his mind right.  “Thanks, Ms. Carter.”
“In here,” Fury gestured to the door of his own office.  He pointed at the chair across from his desk.  “Have a seat.”
“You apparently have Bucky’s number, so why don’t you ask,” Steve muttered, ducking back into the bathroom to finish getting ready, but not before he mutinously sent Sam’s question anyway.
All of y'all who leave kudos, share your kind words with me, who come back and read each new update (even when they take a bit)...Y'all are my Pro-Bowlers for sure.
No pressure.
“Daddy come play tackle with us!”
Tony grinned.  “It’s aged pretty well, I think.”  He turned back to the TV setup to fiddle with the player.
Can I just say, researching NFL players and their diet plans was WILD.  I read an article once a few years ago where JJ Watt described his body as a sports car and that he refused to put bad fuel in the tank.  I sort of understood, but something about this project has made me get it.
Steve rolled his eyes.  As if he needed that on top of having lost them the season opener at home.  In the locker room, he shoved his helmet on the shelf in the top of his locker and yanked at the straps of his shoulder pads.
Steve and Sam thanked her and slid into seats next to each other in the second row.  “Like school and church,” Steve murmured as he dug out the notebook he always brought to team meetings and a pen.
“That’s me.  I’m Cynthia,”  the driver confirmed with a smile and a wave. “I’ll open the back so you can put your bags in the cargo area.”
“Not ego if it’s true,” Steve murmured through a smile.  He ducked his head and started picking apart his meal; ‘doing surgery on your food’ his ma had called it.
“Thank you, ma’am.”
“Eight losses in college, counting my redshirt season.  Probably twice as many losses in high school...and around the same number for junior high.”
She was right.  Bucky was right too, even if he didn’t realize
She started flipping through the hard copy of the document he’d been reading and rereading and discussing with her for weeks.  “So I know we talked about this already, but are you sure you don’t want any sort of Combine prep?”
Tony grinned and winked.  “That’s more of a third date kind of question.”
Steve looked at the LVII inked neatly on his arm just under his elbow.  “It’s perfect.”
Tony snorted and leaned in a bit closer.  “She can take ‘em.  She’s got snap.”
Tony flapped his hand dismissively.  “They only want me there for the first round.  Bring out all the flash for the top prospect.” He smirked.  “Make you feel like you’re going somewhere worth being.”
“Please, dear God, tell me that my eyes did not just deceive me, and you have a
He shrugged.  “Not sure. Gambling like this is illegal in Texas and New York, so I don’t really have a frame of reference, I guess.”
“Wanda, do you have what you need?”
Steve smiled.  “I’m very happy to have the opportunity to play for such a well-respected organization so close to home.”
“Throw with me,” Bucky ordered.
Rollins slammed into Steve’s torso in a rugby tackle.  Steve went down hard, breath punched out of him as he landed on his back, but he squeezed the ball to his chest, determined to hang onto it.  Rollins collapsed on top of him, and started scrabbling to strip the ball until the whistle went.  When Steve rolled over and pushed himself off the turf, he scowled.  He’d lost eight yards and they’d fallen all the way back to the 41.  With only ten seconds left and now well out of Clint’s range, it had to be a touchdown or nothing.
“A gecko dressed like Michigan J. Frog?”
“No,” Steve answered simply.  “The NFL game is different from the college game.  It’s faster, the schemes are more intricate, so there’s a significant learning curve.  The opportunity to work under someone like Ryan Fitzsimmons is going to be a great way to learn and get my feet under me.”
Steve trailed a finger down the bag of ice strapped to Fitz’s knee, grimacing at the squeak of the plastic under his finger.  “You told Carol you weren’t hurt when she asked,” he said.
“I don’t even know what that is.”
“The offensive MVP for the Rose Bowl is quarterback Steven Rogers.”
“Not saying no, but I do have a 7AM meeting.”
Steve reached out and tapped the glass at the center of Tony’s chest.  “This thing in your chest isn’t just a pacemaker, is it?”
Sharon clicked on something on her laptop.  “Okay.  Make sure you let my team know if you get one; we can help you get verified.  Anything I need to know about you that hasn’t come up yet?  Anything you think could become a Story on ESPN?”
“Yeah.”
“I think there’s a difference between ideal physics and practical physics,” Steve replied through his laughter.  “‘Least that’s what Dallas, my old center, would tell me.”
Not really sure why, but I always picture the Howlies being about two seconds away from having an absolute catastrophe on their hands, so why would “helping” clean a house be in any way different?
“Are you…” Tony slid his hands into the front pockets of Steve’s pants from behind.  “Are you asking me to spend the night?”
“Yeah.  Did you know he’d never played football in his life till he came to the states to throw hammer for Wisconsin’s track and field team?  The other linemen had to teach him the rules.”
Fury shrugged and dropped into his own seat.  He grabbed the phone.  “Danvers, come join us please?”
Fury nodded once, a ghost of a smile on his face.
“Now just my baby,” she called to them.  Steve and Dev stepped aside and watched her click away on her oldest son.
He practically glowed when Tony's reply buzzed in just as the fireworks over the park started lighting up Bucky's backyard.
“Hmm?” Tony hummed, but Steve didn’t answer, already asleep.  His slow, even breathing eventually lulling Tony down too.
Tony rolled his eyes.  “She’s been up my nose since I bought the team.  What’d she want this time?”
Nine picks later, Eisen announced that New York was now on the clock, and the simulcast screens switched to a display of the Avengers’ draft committee switching between laptops and phones in their suite at the top of the Bellagio.
“You must not discount yourself, Steve,” Thor said as he stood to refill his coffee.  “Fitzsimmons is a reliable quarterback, but he has grown old in terms of this game. You will be indispensable before long.”
Steve didn’t trust the silence that greeted him when he slipped in the front door, and he scurried for his room, hoping he’d be able to slip in before Sam realized he was here.  He hit the top of the stairs, and frowned at Sam sitting waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs up to his third floor apartment.
Later, after they’d cleaned up and crawled back under the covers, Tony reached out and laid his hand gently under his freshly cleaned and lotioned signature on Steve’s skin.  “It goes both ways, you know,” he murmured.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “I coulda told you that.”  He settled back against the tree, watching with a smirk at Tony trying so hard to look at ease sitting on the grass.  “So what’s the plan?  You mentioned a movie, but I’m gonna need to eat too at some point and I should probably get cleaned up before you let me sit on any of your fancy furniture.”
Less than an hour later, Steve followed Tony and a TopGolf employee through a packed building and up to a suspiciously primo bay on the third tier, only half paying attention as the young lady explained how to swipe into the computer and how the different games worked.
Reply from
Bucky nodded over to the far sideline where Tony stood conversing with an older gentleman in a three-piece suit.  Tony looked like he’d come straight from his workshop, eminently casual, and touchable, in black work pants and tennis shoes he’d only bothered to lace most of the way, but he’d traded out his normal vintage band shirt in favor of Steve’s jersey.  While Steve stood and stared at Tony wearing something Steve had bought specifically for him, he couldn’t help the flush of
“I--this one, I guess,” he gestured halfheartedly at the master.  Inside, the boxes of shoes and clothes stacked neatly against the far wall of the bedroom each labelled DONATE or RECYCLE made Steve scowl, dreading the conversation he could feel coming.
“I won’t.  I’ve got a fund that’ll hold me till I’m drafted or till I find a job.”  All those hot summers spent gutting and helping restore classic cars for a luxury auto auctioneer in Red Hook plus the final payout from his mom’s life insurance policy meant he didn’t need to rely on anyone else while he found his feet, wherever they landed.
Steve blushed.  He hadn’t even remembered Stark Industries had been a weapons manufacturer, but now SI’s reputation loomed between them, blotting out the easy company they’d been sharing.  “That wasn’t--I--I’m sorry, Tony. I didn’t mean it like that.”
, you know?”
Steve thought back, counting on his fingers.  “Are we counting my redshirt year?”
Yes, the Buffalo Serpents are meant to be Hydra, but Hydras didn’t really seem like the sort of thing that would work particularly well as a franchise moniker. *shrug*
published candid pictures of my parents and me on vacation and called me the most photogenic toddler of the year.  My first televised interview was with Carson when I was ten.  Because my dad’s newest missile wasn’t as interesting as his smartass kid who was about to start high school.
As they broke for the field, Steve grabbed Jamaal’s elbow.  “You’re my go-to. Hands like glue.” He nodded just once, never breaking stride.  “Three clap count,” he said to his center who nodded too.
“Hell yes,” Steve answered, grabbing his plate and water.
“Sharing your favorite music gives another person the truest picture of yourself,” Tony offered.
He finally succeeded in dislodging Sam from his back by doing a full out pushup, laughing as Sam fell on the bed with a startled squawk.  “I’m 219 years younger than the country, thanks.”
Instead of resuming playing with Tony’s hair, Steve squeezed Tony in a tight, fierce hug.  “I’m not gonna let her, or anyone, turn you into some Jessica Simpson.”
Author’s Notes:
Her answering smile took on more of a forced edge at Steve’s clear refusal to play into her dramatic subplots.  She tried one more angle; the one everyone wanted to know. “So now that your senior season is over, what’s next?  Will you be entering the Draft?”
Steve shook his head.
“Can I tweet this?” She asked, still grinning and clutching her phone like it was made of solid gold.
Bucky poked his head into the kitchen and set down a stack of plates before he clapped his hand on Steve’s shoulder.  “We won’t see you for practice till week three, but you need anything, and I do mean
“Why?” Steve asked.
Steve tugged Tony in tighter and kissed him again, deepening the kiss when Tony sagged boneless against his side.  Tony’s hands crept up and around the back of Steve’s neck until he could drag his fingers slowly through the super short hair at the base of his skull, making Steve sigh lazily against Tony’s lips.
Steve shook Bucky’s hand with a small smile of his own.  “Nice to meet you. What...uh…”
“I was three when
“The weekend you move in, he not only asks me and my guys if we’ll help you move in.  ‘Show him how welcoming we can be’ he says, and he manages to swing by in person.  Then, he's never once come to my events with the shelter, but the first time I bring you, bam, Stark.
Steve nodded, a slow smile creeping across his face.  “That sounds...really nice.  I want to do all that with you too.”  He took a breath.  No time like the present for honesty.  “I know all the...implications of a third date, but I’m...I don’t know if I’d be ready--”
“You’re a good quarterback.  You know this game and you know these guys.”  He clasped his hand around Steve’s neck where it poked out from his shoulder pads.  “Make us proud.”
In this universe, the West Side Stadium is a thing that happened once Tony bought the Jets and rebranded them, so the Avengers have their own home stadium.  Let’s be honest, Tony Stark would not stand for a team he owns to have to share a home stadium.  “But they were practicing across from MetLife!” I hear you shriek.  Yes, this is so.  The proposed footprint for West Side Stadium wouldn’t have fit a practice facility too, and the Avengers would’ve been using those facilities before Tony bought them anyway because as the Jets they would have been sharing MetLife and as a result their practice facilities would be more convenient to MetLife.  I’m telling you all this so you know I do actually believe in continuity and that I didn’t just yeet my story into a settings abyss.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve laughed.  “It really does.  I’ll tell you about the threats I got from them before prom sometime.”
Dolores, it turned out, was a massive Avengers fan, or at the very least, a massive Bucky Barnes fan.  After she’d enthused over Bucky’s tackle rate from last season and his ability to convince even the most skittish cats to socialize, she turned the force of her excitement onto Steve directly.  “Everyone I know who’s an Avengers fan cannot wait until you get on the field.  Thank you so much for coming to help with the Rundown.  I set you up with Wylie because he’s a goer but he’s not wild.”
“What was that?” Sam asked.
“Probably.”  She led the way over to the car Steve had pointed out.  “Uber for Natalie Rushman?”
“Five years and the dude still won’t say y’all,” Devin griped good-naturedly.  “Well, that’s good, Cap, ‘cause we need this last win.”
“I know this isn’t exactly a Midtown penthouse, but…” Steve used the pretense of gathering up their dirty dishes to avoid having to meet Tony’s eye.  “I have a spare toothbrush in my medicine cabinet.”
“I’m gonna go...do...stuff,” Clint slithered past her and out to the relative safety of his teammates.
“Steve, I am a genius in multiple fields, but cooking is absolutely not one of them.”  He slid an arm around Steve’s waist and pointed with his free hand off down the other hall.  “Guest rooms.”
Steve nodded, feeling slightly trapped, and accepted the business card she passed over.  He tucked it into his phone case.  “I’m--I’ll spend some time on your website, and then, maybe, send you an email?”
Steve shook his head.  “Her coworkers all circled the wagons on me after...everything, and I’m not sure there’s anything more scary than a group of neonatal nurses in protection mode.”
.  Thing is, you don’t
As the awards started to break up, Jamaal grabbed him and Dev and dragged them towards the sideline.  “Come on, my mama wants her Rose Bowl pictures.” When they made it over to the barricade, the three of them gripped the roses Dallas had handed them in their teeth, wrapped their arms around each other, and grinned up at Ms. Desiree as she snapped a handful of photos on the fancy SLR camera Jamaal and his brothers had all pitched in on for her.
We’re so proud to partner with
“Exactly.”  Tony laughed to himself.  “I pulled the concept of Player’s claw hand forward when I built DUM-E a few years later.”
Steve,
“What--what do you mean?” Steve pulled his legs up into the chair, making himself unreachable to Bucky’s flailing hand.
“From your time in Afghanistan?” Steve guessed.
A little girl no more than eight appeared at Clint’s elbow.  “Dad?  Mom wants to know where Nate’s diaper bag is.”
Tony beamed.  “I figured you’d want to be prepared for anything life could throw at you.”
nursealice77@gmail.com
Author’s Notes:
Steve followed her through the warren of cubicles and offices that made up the media relations suite, looking at the posters of prior legends lining the walls.  “You kept the Jets pictures?”
“I resent that,” Tony sniped.  “I can totally tell the difference between chicken and tuna.”
Steve grimaced.  That eyeball scene had completely ruined that movie.  “I’m gonna stay as far from
“If you say so.”  Sam clearly didn’t believe him.
the tower,” he finally said.  “No, I’m--no.  I’m out in the boroughs checking on some of the new signees.  Making sure they don’t want to run for the hills after the first week.  I have a car.  I’ll finish up and head that way.  Yes, I
You gotta help me schlep all my crap in though.
“Nope.”  He stepped back and grabbed Steve’s hands.  “Come on, let me show you my fancy bachelor pad.”
“James Barnes.  Friends call me Bucky.”  Bucky stuck his hand not encumbered by the brace out with a winning smile.
Steve nodded.
“I can...uh...we can take a selfie?” he offered.  “So you’ve got proof?”
Steve blushed to the roots of his hair.  Maybe it was like that.
Rollins came over and clapped Steve on the shoulder.  “I’m real sorry Fitz got hurt.  Tell him for me, would ya?”
“I was wondering,” Sam agreed.
High school him hadn’t looked that much different than junior high him that first year; swallowed up by his gear, nervous smile for the camera, he could hardly imagine why the freshman coach had even put him on the field.  Shooting up nearly a foot between the end of his freshman season and summer two-a-days before his sophomore year had made him gangly and unwieldy before his body had figured out how to handle the extra size, but he’d learned quick enough when the varsity quarterback had gone down with a shoulder injury mid-season and Steve got pulled up from JV.  He’d been terrified the first time he’d started in that varsity uniform. The picture of him clinging to his mom after that first game held him for a long time.
“I…” Tony hesitated, clearly unsure.  Steve could see the moment Tony decided to take the plunge and really answer.  “I wanted to make something different.  SI was all I was ever expected to do.  And I like it, don’t get me wrong, but I wanted to try my hand at something totally new.  And when I bought the team, everything was a mess.  The front office was this awful, incestuous good old boy’s club, the coaching staff wasn’t interested in winning with integrity, the girls on the cheerleading team weren’t even making minimum wage for fuck’s sake.  So I blew it up and started over.  Stephen Smith called it the only non-test firing of a Jericho.”
Tony nodded.  “You really can.  He and Fury both came home from your pro day raving about your ability to see the whole field, even if the pocket collapses and you’re working in less than ideal conditions.  That’s what makes for long-term success. Or so I’m told.” He pointed at the little container sitting in the nest of Steve’s jersey. “Did you get it?’
Drop.
They broke down the first drive, leaning their heads together when the call for “Avengers, it’s third down!” boomed over the PA.
“Oh, now it’s not any big thing,” Phillips grumbled, but his brilliant smile proved the lie.
~~*~~
Saturday morning after a quick sprints and endurance workout, Steve had barely turned off the shower when he heard Sam yelling for him from upstairs.
“Yeah.  Go get cleaned up and...y’know…” he trailed off with a shrug.  “Thanks for letting me come today.  This was a lot of fun.”
“The desk should be fine.  Just some coding today.”
“Quicker means safer in this case,” Tony said mildly.
“I would like to demand something suitably identifiable as yours,” Tony said without looking up from his perusal of the books on Steve’s nightstand.
“I’m sure you won’t do
Steve and Sam shoved the food they’d brought into the already stuffed fridge then Steve hauled the cooler out back himself when Hopkins grabbed Sam by the shoulders and introduced him to his mother.
He shook his head, trying to jar himself loose before he could wander too far down that particular path.  “That way lies madness,” he murmured. When he got to their film theater, he tapped on the door before just barging in; it wouldn’t do to startle whoever this was, after all.
“Wicked’s right,” Steve murmured.  He pointed.  “Desk’s all yours if you want it, but I can clear the coffee table off too if you need more space.”
Steve nodded absently.  It made sense.
He jumped up and flipped the ball to the ref then ran to meet Steve as he was running forward to the new line.  Steve wrapped him up in a rib cracking hug. “You did it!”
“We’re here for the Draft,” Steve answered, his face heating further.
She shrugged.  “Easy.  You love him.”  She held up a mirror to show him the stencil.  “How’s that?”
“Hell yeah!” the entire offensive line chorused.
Steve nodded.  “Deal.”
With a quick wave, Steve turned back to where he’d left Tony, texting Sam that he was going out for the afternoon and about their change in Fourth of July plans as he went.  He could feel Bucky’s eyes on him as he walked away, but once he hit send on his text to Sam, he turned his phone on do not disturb.  Out of sight, out of mind.
Steve nodded.
“I never said it was
Late in the afternoon, Steve was finally caught up and ready for the rest of the upcoming week, so he took his phone and the little bluetooth speaker Jamaal had given him for Christmas out into the backyard and whipped the cover off the bike.  Once he had the ignition kit laid out on a sheet of paper with all the parts labelled, he turned on Bucky’s Nacho Cheese playlist and picked up the first piece.  His phone pinged with a text, but Fitz had said they’d talk strategy tomorrow, Bucky was at the animal shelter, and Sam, who had no shame about hollering out the window, was upstairs and quiet, so he ignored it.
“If Jarvis liked the Jets so much, why’d you rebrand the team?” Steve asked after a moment.
Steve grabbed his wallet out of his backpack and tugged his Metrocard free.  “MTA it is, then.”
In this universe, The University of Texas still plays Texas A&M on Thanksgiving Day.  Why?  Because I need Steve to have Thoughts about out-of-normal schedules.  And maybe (just maybe) because I miss the UT/A&M game.
T’Challa nodded.  “A steady hand when we needed it most.”
Tony didn’t try to force conversation, instead letting Steve ride with him in an easy quiet, the soft purr of the Rolls’s engine a blur of white noise.  Steve settled back against the leather seat and let his eyes rest, smiling softly when Tony eased over and leaned his head on Steve’s shoulder.
“You got it, sweat pea!”  Dum Dum handed his beer to his wife with a kiss on the cheek.  He came running straight for her and scooped her up and tossed her, shrieking with laughter, over his shoulder.
“There’s a really good banh mi place out here that our nutritionist has okayed.”
“Oh you say that, but either you’re the world’s fastest study or you’re secretly playing Pebble Beach on your summers off.”
“Come on, Steve, it’s the 21st century, rail thin ladies with no muscle mass can lift heavy trophies too.”
.  I thought you’d left with Bucky and them.”
“Hey, lemme ask you something.”  Bucky flopped his hand out to swat at Steve’s leg.
“Come on, open your present.” Tony’s warm voice and another gentle nudge with his toe cut easily into Steve’s thoughts.
Thirty minutes later, freshly showered and shaved, Steve wandered back out of the bathroom with his toothbrush still hanging out of his mouth to stare at his suit hanging on the back of the closet door.  He idly wondered how long it would take people to notice he really just had the one and that he was rotating through the handful of his father’s ties that didn’t have weird patterns. Why his dad had owned a tie covered in flying toasters was beyond him.  His phone pinged softly from the desk, distracting him from worrying over clothing choices he couldn’t really change.
Steve grinned and lifted the coaches’ trophy up for the whole team to see.  A roar went up from the team and their fans, who were still crowded in the stands like it was gametime.
“Are you sure?  Talk to me about this one.”
“Don’t do social media,” he answered easily.  He leaned back and closed his eyes. “Can’t coach what ain’t there.”
“God I hope so,” Sam answered.
Fury sighed.  “Do you want to jump all over me and tell him, or are you gonna let me do it?”
A wild Tony appears!  Finally!
Steve huffed a quiet laugh.
“It’s an easy way to connect with teams during the draft process and with the fans once you’re drafted.  Most players have Twitter, Instagram...something,” she pressed.
“God preseason is the worst,” Bucky jumped in.  “I think the only time the tackling is more hands-off is the fu--freakin’ Pro Bowl.”
Steve pulled himself back up to sitting.  “I’m…” he drummed his fingers against the ball in his lap, thinking.  “You ever watched The Godfather?” At her nod, he continued. “Whenever I hear ‘credit’ that’s what I think of.  That part where Don Corleone is doing favors on the day of his daughter’s wedding and he
Steve wrinkled his nose, but he was laughing.  “That’s gross. See you tomorrow?”
“Is he gonna…?”
“I got outta my special teams meeting early on Wednesday, and I heard Fury talking to the offensive coordinator on my way to media,” Clint put in.  “They both think you’ve got a steadier hand and a cooler head, so they were saying you’d be Fitz’s number two and Bradley’d go back to the practice squad.”
“That’s fancy,” Steve murmured.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “You know what I mean.  The NFL
Tony slid his arms around Steve’s waist and leaned in to kiss him.  “Damn straight.”
“You’ve probably got some sweet girl waiting for you back home anyway,” she dismissed with an effortless wave.
“Why?  You looked so happy in all the post game coverage.”
“Did Phillips tell you anything about me?” she asked, clearly only mildly interested in his answer.
“Look at you, son, national champion!” Phillips crowed as he swept Steve up into a bear hug.  He released him, but left his hand on his shoulder. “Your mama would’a been so proud of you.”
date someone.  Unless it’s illegal--”
“That man cares about you.  A lot,” Sam said.
Steve nodded.
Steve felt his smile broaden into something genuine.  “Thank you, Bucky. I really appreciate all your help.”
“It’s not illegal,” Steve muttered mutinously.
Phillips rolled his eyes and shoved Steve towards the field house.  “Go. Talk to her. Charm her like I know you can.”
Steve shook his head with a sheepish smile.  “That moment by itself was scarier than the actual ride.”
The door banging open downstairs cut across Steve’s reply, and Bucky’s shouting traveled up the stairs. “Food and the boss are here.  Get washed, ya pigs.”
He ate a few more bites while he watched Tony still just picking at his dinner.  “Penny for your thoughts?”
However, in the rush of getting ready the next morning, Steve didn’t notice which clothes Tony threw on until the Iron Man suit was closing around his body.
wrong,” Tony said.
’d back in the day when he was still playing.”
He looked up at Dum Dum and offered him a wan smile.  “I think I will be. It’s all just...a lot.”
.  Suspense kind of horror.”
“Simple enough.  You swing for the fences,” Tony said, easy smile back.  He pointed at the irons. “Try one of those; they’ll give you more distance.”
Author’s Notes:
A shrug.  “Dunno. Welcome to the team, maybe?”
Natasha closed the compass and handed it back to Steve, catching his hand in both of hers.  “How long?”
Steve shrugged diffidently down at the shirt he was hanging.  “Sometimes I’m not sure how we held onto this place.” He kept the ‘because of me’ to himself.
In the living room, he let Sam fire up the DVD player while he pulled his phone back out.
Tony popped up on his elbows and blinked down at him.  “Even with all the…” he waved his hand to indicate how their evening had played out.
“Well can discretion have one more kiss before he leaves?”
In the kitchen, Tony had laid their dinner out on the breakfast bar.  “You don’t mind eating out of the containers, right?”
“He’s nice, though,” Steve said from under the towel he was using on his hair.  Steve didn’t think Scott Lang had ever met a stranger in his life, but his perpetual upbeat attitude also meant he worked well with basically everyone.
“No, Tony.  No.” Steve cut him off.  “It’s
“You gonna head out?” Bucky asked from where he was leaning over to scratch behind the ears of a dachshund whose card identified him as Nathan.
Tony's response came in a series of rapid-fire texts.
Steve started cross hatching a sphere on the bottom corner of his page to keep his hand from shaking, deliberately averting his gaze when Hill asked if there were any questions for her or Sharon.
“I do.  I work for an old colleague of his, Abraham Erskine.  Erskine hired me to, in his words, ‘give people who know what they’re looking for exactly what they need.’”
“Come on, let’s you and me start on the office.”
“Well that’s not at all horrifying,” Steve muttered.
refreshing.”
sgrogers12@gmail.com
Steve stood and nodded then they trundled back up and set to work turning Steve’s childhood bedroom into a storage area and setting up the master how he wanted it.  Jacques,
Steve nodded.  “Problems get magnified.”
Reply from
Steve blushed.  “I don’t--a strip club?  Jesus, Tony, no.”
“Ryan!” Fitz’s wife hollered from the kitchen out the open patio door
you do for fun?”
“Goodness gracious, what have you been up to all day to get so...Esquire-photoshoot disheveled?” Tony asked from his spot leaning against the kitchen island
Hours later, after another interminable round of interviews and photographs and after Phillips had handed him the game ball to go with his new MVP trophy, calling Steve “the best damn thing the state of New York ever produced,” Steve sat in the overstuffed armchair in his hotel room tired but unable to settle himself down to actually sleep. So instead he sat in the dim light of the reading lamp cradling the game ball loosely in his arms, letting its significance slip through him in the quiet.
Will the Rundown be shirtless...please god 🙏
“Well, the parts that are pre-third date, anyway.”  He pointed at the partial wall.  “The kitchen hides back there.  I think.”
Steve smiled as he stood back up.  “Thank you, Miss Ashleigh.”
Steve nodded.  “Promise.”
“Taking some boxes to donate, some to recycle, and bringing us back lunch,” Steve shaded his eyes and squinted up at Monty.
“Cause it’s their livelihood too,” Bucky finished.  “It’s a gentleman’s agreement kinda thing.”
Steve dug his phone out of his bag and sent Natasha a quick text while they were sitting in traffic.
“You love me anyway,” Steve hollered back.  He rushed through his shower, ready to get his weekend started since the weekend meant two whole days of only recovery workouts and the chance to actually see Tony again instead of only exchanging vaguely flirtatious texts with him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey!” Steve knocked Tony’s hand away then turned his plate so his precious vegetables were as far from Tony’s wandering fork as possible.  “You want slaw so bad, get your own.” He smiled at Tony’s petulant frown then shrugged. “It’s too messy all put together. Everything falls out.”
Steve pushed the chair he’d had his feet on towards Tony.  “Please.  I feel like your suit’s glaring at me out here all by myself.”
Steve shook his head.  “Nope.  Team agreement.  When we won, we’d get the number.”  He took a breath, steadying himself.  “I’ve been planning something else too, so it just made sense to wait till the end of the season.”
“Not--no?” Exasperated, Steve glanced at Fitz who just rolled his eyes down at the table.  “I know we’ve both talked about this before.”  He pointed between the pair of them.  “If I was on a team that needed me to start, I’d start.  But I’m not.  I’m here.  Fitz is healthy and good at his job, so he’s starting.”
Steve nodded.
Steve knew Tony’s orgasm was close when his whole body tensed, priming itself to go loose, and he arched into the rhythm of Tony’s thrusts so the first pulse of his come landed on Steve’s chest.  Tony shuddered through his release, a muttered “fu--uck” marking the tipping point into oversensitivity.
mindset.  It’s...refreshing.
I’m not gonna lie, writing this chapter made me kind of sad since this year’s Draft got cancelled, but hey, we get this one, and this one’s got Stony!
think you’re alone in a stadium with me,” he said fiercely.  “Okay?”
Steve sighed into the easy intimacy of their kiss.  He hesitated to admit it, but he’d missed Tony, even though they’d really only been out of touch for a day.
“What’d I need from Target and Lowes?” Steve asked, wrinkling his eyebrow.
Steve blushed scarlet, but Natasha just smirked.  “Not exactly,” she answered.
“Since I saw you drink that shake, I’m assuming dinner is fine?” Tony’s voice came from behind him.
“Oh, just ignore Tony.  He can’t help talkin’ like he does,” Bucky said, elbowing Steve as he passed.  “C’mon boss, don’t scare the new guy.”
we’ll have both cats and dogs.  Come meet a new friend!
“You charge extra for therapy?” he asked.
“I want…”  He started, but almost immediately trailed off and sighed, stuck.
“Why not?” Tony asked flippantly.
Steve laughed.  “My home.  I just want everything to be...small...for a while.”
~~*~~
“Ready?” Tony looped his arm around Steve’s with a wink and a smile.
“So six inches to the left is okay?” Tony’s voice followed Steve out into the hall.
“Why Iron Man?”
A moment later Carol Danvers, the quarterback coach Pepper and Fury had rocked the league by hiring simply because she was a woman, poked her head around the door.  “Have you told him yet?”
“So…”
“Lines!” Fury’s voice carried across the field.
Tony swatted the words away with a dismissive wave.  “He wasn’t wrong.  But it was worth it.  I like seeing kids wearing Avengers jerseys and the way people pack the stadium for home games.  Means I built something people are proud to be a part of.”  He grinned.  “Plus, it’s fun.”
Tony turned to lean against the counter himself, mirroring Steve’s posture.  “I was going to take you someplace to celebrate making it through your first week.”
Steve laughed down at the pages explaining what the shop wasn’t liable for and how if he failed to give his new art proper aftercare it would ruin both the piece and his health.  “Carla did my first tattoo.  And it’s beautiful.  So I wouldn’t go anyplace else.”
“Hey, I put the cover back on the bike and your multimeter’s back in--” Tony stopped short at the sight of Sam.  His too-bright camera ready smile snapped into place and after he’d wiped his hands on the rag he’d brought in with him, he held out his hand for Sam to shake.  “I don’t think we’ve had the pleasure.  Tony Stark.”
Sam grinned.  “Positive pass yards, baby.  The receptionist at my new dentist said she’s a fan, and she’s cute, so…”
“Thanks, Carla.”
“Everheart mentioned you,” Steve murmured.
Steve slid into the chair across from her.  “Fine.  Everyone’s been really great.”
Sharon laughed.  “That’s true enough.  Romo was proof of that.  Ticketing holds I think one or two tickets in that section for everyone on the final roster once the season starts; in case you get a girlfriend.  They don’t want you to be caught out wanting to bring her to a game and there’s no seat.”
Steve stood to follow, leaving his shoes behind in their spot next to the couch.  “You can do this,” he muttered.
When Steve didn’t speak up right away, Sam kicked his ankle under the table.  “Steve.”
“What--how did you know?” Steve asked, his shy smile morphing into a full out grin.
“Hooking up with someone who’s a man.  Who’s older.  And my boss.”  He smiled sadly at Tony.  “Take your pick.”
Steve fixed him with an exaggeratedly serious face and scowled at them the way Luke Cage, the strength and conditioning coach, had been.  “Why, Sam, we’re Avengers.”
Head Coach Nick Fury has made several strategic moves during both the offseason and preseason transaction windows to shore up the New York Avengers at several key positions.  The late-preseason addition of linebacker Bruce Banner and the return of a healthy James Barnes at cornerback make this defensive secondary a force to be reckoned with.  Banner’s impressive leaps and heavy hits have made him a household name in New York, and Barnes has built his reputation on precision pass sniping on both mid- and long-range throws, to say nothing of the rest of the defense.  On offense, a solid receiving corps, led by the veteran signee T’Challa Udaku, and a sharpshooting kicker in returner Clint Barton makes an impressive statement about the Avengers’ ability to put points on the board.
“I was having a midlife crisis.”
“What’s going under here?” Tony asked, eyeing Steve’s bare torso.
Steve smiled.  “Is this a reverse shovel talk?”
allergies growing up.”
The bye week in the NFL is split in half.  They know this is a money-making enterprise, so you can bet your ass all 32 teams don’t have off mid-season at once.
Steve laughed.
~~*~~
A woman with a WCBS lapel pin on her dress spoke up.  “What are you most looking forward to about playing in New York?”
Steve clenched his hands under the desk.  “Okay.”
“Nothing.”  He sighed. “I...uh...I had a question for you.  Something they were talking about in one of our sessions that I kind of...wanted an outside perspective on.”
In the elevator, Steve collapsed against the back wall of the car with a sigh and closed his eyes.  “I think I know what you meant, ma,” he murmured to himself.
“It’d better be you,” Dallas muttered to Steve.  “We’d’a been a mess out there with anyone else.”
Steve picked up his father’s compass and clipped it to the watch chain before slipping it into his vest pocket.  He finished attaching the chain to his vest before he turned to face his now former coach. “I won’t embarrass you too much, d’you think?”
He shook his head.  “I got a degree for a reason.  If no one wants me as I am, I can get a regular job.”
Steve just shrugged, noncommittal.
“Sure.”  Bucky jostled Steve’s shoulder.  “Get out of here.  Enjoy your afternoon.”
“Is this for my duck sized horses and horse sized duck problem?” Steve asked, glancing at Tony out of the corner of his eye, a shy smile teasing at the corners of his lips.
“It’s not that, Cap,” Brennan denied.  “We just...you know...we gotta make sure someone’s lookin’ out for you. Secret girlfriends can be a real head trip.“
“How is it already this hot?” Natasha muttered.  “I am not built for this.”
“That’s because I don’t.  Not yet, anyway.”
The medical crew had finally gotten Fitz strapped up and settled into the bed of the medical cart, but before they whisked him off into the bowels of the stadium, they paused at the Avengers’ sideline.  The whole sideline crowded around their fallen captain.  Fitz accepted their muttered reassurances and pats to the shoulder with a smile he gritted out against the obvious pain in his leg.
Fans lined the sidewalks, three deep in places, in front of the entrance and spilled out into the driveway behind barricades.  Homemade signs in red and gold welcomed Steve and Sam and a few other names like Thor Odinson and T’Challa Udaku that Steve remembered hearing during the free agency window.  A little girl who couldn’t be more than six in a tiny Avengers cheerleading dress waved and shouted Steve’s name as he and Sam made their way across the parking lot.
“That’s…” Steve rolled it over in his head.  “Actually, no, I don’t get it.”
Once Tony had packed up his computer and they were standing at the door, he turned to face Steve.  “Don’t worry,” he murmured.  “I know what this league is like.  Your secret’s safe with me.”
“Proud’a you, kid,” Phillips muttered thickly.  Steve wrapped him up in a one arm hug, pleased he’d made Phillips so proud.
“And I’m sticking to that,” he promised.  “But I want you to think...
“No, I know, but…” Steve took a deep breath and took the plunge.  “She was talking about dating and she basically said not to date anyone that would make your narrative off the field to overshadow your narrative on the field.  And I--I think I get it, but I guess at the same time I...don’t.”
“Steve, Steve,” Tony’s laughter filtered over the line.  “Don’t worry, this isn’t some sordid proposition.”
Tony shook his head.  “I’ll call a company car tomorrow morning.”
“Yeah,” Steve agreed.
“Sure you want me?” She asked back.
He downed the rest of his drink then held up the little container.  A soft shushing noise was the only indication that anything was in it at all.  He unscrewed the lid, and was surprised at the little tray full of white crystals sitting just under the lid.  Lifting out the tray revealed the rest of the container was filled with raw oats. He licked his pinky and dipped it in the white stuff, and sure enough, it was sugar.
Tony winked.  “I’ll make sure it is.”
She led him over to a warren of pens that held dogs of all shapes and sizes, and steered him to a beautiful golden retriever that started wagging his tail excitedly at their approach.  “Hey Wylie Coyote,” Dolores greeted him.  She stepped over the barricade and he immediately came over to sniff at her knees, his whole hind end waggling with excitement.  She clipped a sturdy rope leash to his collar before leading him out of his enclosure.  “He’s not a jumper.  The man who surrendered him was moving to a smaller place after his divorce and just didn’t have the room or the time.”
“See, this is why Rhodey and Fury liked you,” Tony said, dropping down into the chair next to Steve.  “You’ve got snap.”
Tony snatched the clothes off the bed and vanished into Steve’s closet with a breezy “thanks for this!”
Steve grinned over at him.  “I did.  These people are doing good work.
“How are you this old and just now graduating?” Tony asked incredulously.
“Twelve looks
“Okay, y’all know what to do.  Ya been doin’ it all season. Just one more play.  Bleed the clock then snap it.” Phillips nodded around the huddle.  “Now get out there and get it done.”
everything seemed.  “Shoot to Thrill” blared over the stadium’s PA, and fans decked out in their red and gold finest gathered at the barricade separating the stands from the field, clearly hoping to catch the eye of their favorite players before kickoff.  Steve recognized the group of guys in their jerseys and firemen’s helmets from prior weeks, but Bucky peeled off from where he’d been walking with Steve and Sam to go talk to a group of ladies all wearing his jersey.
“What about me?” Tony asked, sounding a little wary.
~~*~~
“Oh, Tony, I don’t know,” Steve demurred.  “It’s just...my old boss said he’s going to bring something by for me, but he doesn’t know when he’ll be free yet and--.”
Dev shrugged again.  “I guess so, yeah. He’s got like a daughter or something that works for him too.  Ky’s talked to her a few times when Abe was in the middle of something. Says she knows her shit.”
Steve eyeballed the cooler then shrugged.  “Should.  If not, we can just take the beer out.  We’re not going that far”  He slammed the lid down on the cooler and together they hefted it between them.
to improve.  Plus, it feels good to help people.”
She smiled up at him.  “We offer a variety of programs to bring comfort to our troops both at home and overseas.  We can help you find a place where you’d fit in.  Especially since Natasha tells me you’re the son of a KIA veteran?”
Steve laughed.  “Sure.  Try and guess.”
Wanda nodded.  “Exactly.  So it’ll be some of that, but it’ll also be a chance for us--” she gestured between herself and Sharon, “to get a handle on
Crossing the street to get away from the commotion of passersby straining to get a peek at the Draft, Steve was relieved at how little notice people paid him once he escaped the immediate vicinity.  He turned south and started walking, his new jersey tucked under his arm and the little tupperware, still unopened, safe in the curve of his palm.
“Please.”  He could hear the answering laugh in Tony’s voice.  “I own a football team.”
Steve flapped a hand at him, and Sam rolled his eyes before disappearing back upstairs.  A quick smell and wrinkle check and Steve decided he could just re-wear his clothes from last night’s date. Instead of immediately heading to get ready, though, he sank down on the edge of his bed and stared at his phone.  The red 5 on his text app glared up at him.  He knew he’d have to face Bucky eventually, in person if not over the phone, so a flick and a tap later, and now anyone could get through to him again.  He scrolled past the string of messages Bucky had sent him yesterday afternoon and evening and jumped straight into the avenue of conversation least likely to involve yesterday at the park.
Tony laid his head on Steve’s chest.  “Was it everything you thought it would be?”
“It’s great.  Funny as hell, which is good because I don’t think I’m up for anything serious tonight.”
“Jackie and I finished downstairs, so we came up to help you and Bucky,” he shrugged.  “Well, I guess just you now.”
“You sure?”  Brennan pressed, “I feel like that’s something a guy with a secret girlfriend would say.”
Steve trotted after Tony, laughing.  “Coulda. Wasn’t.” He fell in step with Tony easily, the pair of them strolling with the crowds on the Strip.
~~*~~
If you want your heart to hurt, take a peek at the support work for this chapter.  It explains the notion of "sharing the burden."
Steve dug up what he’d started calling his SportsCenter Smile and nodded.  “Now that it’s here, I really am.”
Steve hummed and gathered Tony closer, reaching up to comb his fingers through Tony’s damp hair when he rested his head on Steve’s shoulder.  “What does?” he asked softly.
“Apparently,” Steve muttered as he pushed into his room.
Back at the house, Steve slugged down the protein shake he’d left in the fridge then pelted up the stairs for the shower tossing a “make yourself at home” over his shoulder.  He rushed through a quick shower, but drew up short over the prospect of getting dressed again.  What, he wondered, did one wear to a second date that might actually be a decoy for Netflix and chill.  And a second date that he might not actually mind if it turned out to involve a little and chill.
He watched as Sam took in the two already-prepared dishes and the one Steve was making for him, and he watched as the wheels in Sam’s head started turning.  “I...did I miss something?  Who’s here?”
“You sure?” Steve asked.
Tony smiled up at him.  “You are charmingly domestic, d’you know that?”
Tony sighed.  “I got out of an R&D meeting, and I didn’t have anything else really to do today, so I wanted to see what you were up to.”
She glanced up from placing the stencil for his Super Bowl win and gave him a wink.  “Hopefully not
“Oh, trust me, I don’t,” Sam replied around a mouthful of chicken.
Fitz grinned and nodded.  “Sure.  Stark was wearing your jersey.  I think he rotated through all the newcomers’ jerseys last season.  ‘S nice he’s doing that again.  Makes you guys more a part of the team.”
Reply from
2020 is kicking my ass.  I feel like I've completely ruined my work-life balance.  Which is why this chapter took more than a hot ass minute.  I swear on my everything, I'm working on this fic as regularly as I'm able (usually whenever the NFL is on my TV) and it will be finished.
“Now come on over, and let’s get you some more ink,” she said then turned to lead him over to her workstation, tapping on her tablet as she walked.  “Now I know we spoke about two pieces, but you mentioned having trouble sourcing one.  Any luck?”
Steve smiled wetly, thankful he still had his helmet on.  “Thanks, Coach. I...just...thanks.”
“Hot damn!” Bucky smacked Steve’s shin.  “He treating you good?”
“Come to mine?” Bucky offered instead.  “I don’t like to leave the cat alone on nights with fireworks, and I’ve already got some of the guys coming over for the same kinda grill and chill.”
A knock at the door jerked him out of his thoughts, and when he went to see why Natasha was back ten minutes ahead of when she said she would be, he opened the door on Coach Phillips.
Steve set down his fork and clasped his hands on the bartop.  “One of my receivers at Texas...his guilty pleasure TV show was
“Everything okay?” Bucky asked as Steve plopped down with his plate.
, they edit these kinds of shows for drama and interpersonal conflict, but you can’t blame everything on editing.”
“I honestly didn’t think.”  He sat down on the edge of the bed so he could meet Sam’s eyes directly.  “I’m sorry.”
“How to say ‘yes, please that’ without sounding desperate?”
“Is there a reason you’re trying to crush me?”  Steve swatted an arm back at him, but Sam refused to budge.
The first thing Steve noticed when he made his way down the tunnel and onto the field for warmups late Sunday morning was how much
“Sorry,” Sharon said, looking up from her screen.  “Everyone’s trying to rush things in on a Friday afternoon.”  She smiled.  “So, you and I are going to have a chat.  Wanda will take some pictures while we talk so she can post a few photos on our Instagram with a link to the writeup I’ll do.  Then you’ll be out the door until Monday.  Sounds good?”
you two were friends.”
“Hey, Steve,” she answered after just one ring.  “How’d the first day go?”
“I don’t--I think there should be some under the sink by the washer and dryer.”
Sam stared straight past Tony to Steve when he reached out to take Tony’s hand.  “Sam.  Wilson.  Steve
“Jesus God…”
They made it a block and a half before Tony spoke.  “So, where we headed, Chartbuster? Casino? Nightclub?”  He shot Steve a look. “Strip club?”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Pretty sure Tiger Woods is safe from the likes of me.”  He dropped his club back into the rack only to have Tony pull it right back out again.
She was instantly on alert.  “That doesn’t sound good. What happened?”
“No, I--I know,” Steve offered Bucky a thin smile.
They traded off throwing and tackling for the kids as afternoon slowly turned into evening.  When Sam and Scott got pressed into catching wobbly throws, Steve seized the opportunity and slid back to his spot with Bucky.  Clint eventually took his turn when he got up and offered to start pooch punting for the kids.
me!  Jesus.”
Sam gave Steve an appraising look while they waited on a traffic light.  “You realize we--” he pointed between the two of them, “are celebrities now.  This is not college where folks don’t recognize you unless your name’s on the back of your own shirt.  People pay real ass money to wear your name on themselves.”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Cold hands warm heart,” he snarked back.
“Going my way?” a familiar voice asked as he exited the locker room to head for the trains.
Natasha shook her head.  “You can’t
Natasha smiled.  “You will be telling me that story.  Consider it repayment for this weekend’s travel.”
“He’s alright,” Sam conceded with an ill-concealed smile.  “I’ll tell you who’s wild, though--”
“Rogers!”
He leaned out the bathroom door to holler back up the stairs.  “Were you waiting for the second the water shut off?”
“It’s been just mom and me as long as I can remember.  Dad was army, and he got deployed to Somalia right after I was born.”  He shrugged and held up the closed compass. “Not everyone comes home from war.”
“I--Yeah,” Tony panted, his movements beginning to lose control as Steve brought him closer.
Tony slipped Steve’s hands out from around his empty dish.  “Come here.  Come sit on this stupidly idyllic porch swing with me.”  He manhandled Steve up and onto the swing, before collapsing on top of him back to front, pinning Steve with his own weight.
“But it turns out Dr. Seuss might actually be right,” Tony said.
“I’d like to see you try,” Steve murmured with a smirk.
Tony shook his head.  “Can’t say I have.”
She shrugged.  “Looked solid against Philadelphia, but it looked solid against the Giants too.”  She looked up from her tablet and fixed Steve with a hard stare.  “You don’t get to be Fitz’s age without having some old injuries that just hang around.  We just need to protect him as best we can.”
Finally he heard the stage manager’s voice indicate that they’d gone to commercial.  She came over to guide them off stage. “If you’ll follow me, I’ll take you to your press area.”
“Is that the fancy driving range?”  Steve asked. When Tony nodded, Steve shook his head.  “Scholarships don't cover that kind of thing. Seems fun, though.”
“I can do both those things,” Steve agreed easily.
“Best burgers in Brooklyn,” he promised as he slid his phone back into his pocket.
“It’s not like you run a multinational company or anything.  Or moonlight as some kind of hero.”  Steve shrugged then offered Tony a small smile as he stood.  “I’ll help you get your stuff together.”
“He better be, or, you know…”
“That was...wow,” Tony murmured into the space between them.
“See somethin’ I’d like to get my hands on,” Tony agreed.
“Look on the bright side,” Sam said as they piled into his car to head into practice.
“Find all those dogs good homes,” Steve called after Bucky who just laughed and waved.
Steve twitched his free shoulder in a half shrug.  “Sometimes.  But it’s all abstract.”  He sighed.  “I still ask myself what he sees in me sometimes.”
It is an actual expectation for many players (especially if they’re household names or on the way to becoming such) that they make themselves available to members of the media every day they’re at work, sometimes for up to two hours (YIKES).  This means most players are expected to curate their image EXTREMELY carefully.  ESPN can’t fill 24 hours of coverage on their own, people.
Sharon looked up from her laptop and smiled warmly at Steve.  “Mr. Rogers.  Please, come have a seat.  How has your first week been?”
“I’m not really gonna be much fun,” Steve warned.
Friday mid-afternoon found Steve coming in off the field from doing agility drills with Cage and heading to the media relations suite, looking for the conference room Sharon Carter had put on his schedule.  She’d been interviewing everyone over the course of the week, and the blessing of being the only quarterback meant he got to go last.  The curse, of course, was that he had to face her by himself.
about if there might come a time when you’re willing to be that guy.”
~~*~~
“Thank you for this,” Steve murmured a while later, when the ‘Are you still watching’ prompted them to just turn off the TV.
Steve shook his head.  Sam was in the exact same boat as him.
“I’ll do my best.  Have a good afternoon.”
“Coach said you were asking for me?” he hazarded, letting himself grip the ball in both hands once she’d released him.
“Those’re...my clothes,” he said to the empty backyard.
“Of course,” Steve agreed.
Steve settled into the pistol, glancing to his right when Jamaal stepped up next to him.  He took a breath. One crease. That’s all they needed. A glance around told him everyone was ready.
Steve smiled “Yes, ma’am, I am.”  He pointed at her dress. “Will you cheer for me?”
Steve offered him a lopsided smile.  “Good.  I still got a thing or two to learn from you, you know.”
“Jesus God!” Steve about jumped out of his skin at the sound of Bucky’s voice in his ear.  “Could you not be weird for like two seconds?”
Remember how I told you waaaay back in chapter what-the-fuck-ever that NFL players are required to make themselves available to the media every damn day?  I sure hope so :)
Steve rolled his eyes and stood to clean up his dishes.  “See, you say I’m a wuss, but when I’m still hangin’ around come the regular season, I doubt you’ll be complaining.”
“Especially now that Thor’s here,” Bucky agreed.
“There’s a bright side?”
“This means,” Danvers jumped back in, “you’ll be getting the majority of the reps in practice this week and we’ll be building the rest of the game plan around your strengths.  Fitz will go on light reps, and Isaiah will keep working with the practice squad until we leave on Saturday.”  She grinned at him.  “So?  What do you think?”
He took a deep breath, and Steve could see the resolve harden in Tony’s eyes.  “I like you.  I want to spend time with you.  I
Bucky just waggled his eyebrows then jammed his helmet on his head and went to go listen to his position coach’s final instructions.
They were interrupted when the co-chairs of the Rose Bowl Committee stepped out to begin the trophy presentations.  The offense crowded together, still trying to wrestle their on-field shirts on over their pads and knocking each other’s hats off.
from her spot without actually opening her eyes.
“Where do you keep your bleach?” came Gabe’s voice from the kitchen.
A glance at her watch, and Pepper started to gather her phone and portfolio, nodding to Fury and Tony.  “Gentlemen, if you would.” She smiled at the press pool. “If you’ll excuse us, we need to get ready for the next round, but Mr. Rogers is available for a few more of your followup questions.”
wouldn’t share his slaw.”
“B wants to know who your gal was,” Devin finished.
“Not in the last ten minutes, no,” Steve retorted.
Still, he’d just hoped...
“Scott.”
Steve added a twist on the upstroke that made Tony groan above him.  “Show me?” he begged.
Steve dragged his fork through the sauce in his container, trying to get his thoughts together.  How could he explain just how precarious his position was to a man who didn’t seem like he’d ever worried about that sort of thing a day in his life.  “I’m…”  he sighed.  “It has been impressed on me that I need to be careful about how I behave off the field.”
Steve watched him drive away before he shut the door to the house.  Once he was alone, he went quietly upstairs to his room, shut the door to his bedroom, and threw himself face down on his bed.  At least, he thought to himself as he buried his head in his arms, he really wouldn’t need a ticket for the WAG section.
Steve slipped his arm around Cynthia’s shoulders and smiled.  A couple clicks later, and Natasha was handing Cynthia her phone back.
“Okay, the last thing we need to discuss is the media.”
Steve burst out laughing.
Steve laughed.  “Have a good trip to California.”
“Since I was a rookie, yeah,” Steve agreed under the buzz of the first strokes of ink into his skin.
Sunday had passed in a blur of shopping, meal prep, helping Sam get moved in, and tidying, so that by the time he’d collapsed into bed, he’d hardly had a moment the whole day to be nervous about his first day.  Monday morning, however, was a different story. He’d woken up with butterflies that refused to settle, and an endless litany of ‘what if’ running through his head. What if he couldn’t keep up. What if he couldn’t click with the offense.  What if he couldn’t live up to expectations.
“Doll i’ the Grass” is a Norwegian folktale about finding love in an unexpected place :)
She nodded as she rolled back to grab her stencils off the printer.  “You want the numbers on the inside of your forearm, right?”
Bucky shook his head and tucked the ball under his arm.  “You know they don’t bring that out if you’ve just skinned your knee.”
Steve offered him a thin smile as they shook, but didn’t bother to rise to his bait.
“Let’s go, then,” Steve said, and let Bucky steer him towards the tunnel back to the locker rooms.
“Okay, last thing,” she shook her head down at the page in front of her.  “You refused the agency’s line of credit for post-draft, pre-contract expenses.”
With a whole house to get organized, and an upstairs apartment to clean, Steve rolled out of bed as soon as his alarm went off his first Saturday back in Brooklyn. After he’d eaten, though, he spent the rest of the morning wandering through the house instead of actually working.  He’d stop and pick things up, little knick knacks that had accumulated on different horizontal surfaces over the years that either he or his mom had been unable to part with. A little Liberty Bell from Sarah’s high school trip to Philadelphia. The first piston Steve had ever successfully stripped from a refurb job.  The brilliant green glass insulator they’d found at a flea market one weekend. A vividly painted ceramic skull from their trip to New Orleans the season Steve had played in the Sugar Bowl. In the office, a whole end table of pictures of her and Joe and her and Steve smiled up at him. Different ages, different phases, different moments all preserved on that table.
Steve could practically picture that airy wave Tony used when he was pretending he didn’t care about something.  “Tony, that fake nonchalance doesn’t fool anyone.”
“You promised not to freak out,” Tony’s voice said from over his head.
“He’s...he was good with the multi-prong offense Ohio State was running.”  Steve shrugged.  “You know the kind...cut off one route and it feels like there’s two others that jump up to replace it?”
Come out to Prospect Park Friday (7/3) from 9AM-3PM and meet the animals from Bark n’ Purr Pet Rescue.  We’ll be having our regular Howlies Rundown at 9 to kick off.
to handle.  You should not be doing any of the sorts of things that will make ESPN want to single you out in a negative, or even gossipy, way.  Any coverage like that will almost certainly have consequences for your career. Am I clear?”
“Rogers!”
“He wouldn’t--”
Now, though, standing in a hotel room, straightening his tie, preparing to go and wait for his name to be called on national television, the prospect of making a living off his art seemed as distant and surreal as he imagined this life seemed to their Uber driver.
“Okay.”  Bucky nodded, even though he didn’t look convinced.  With a final pat, he turned to go, but stopped in the doorway.  “I’ll bring you and that new wide receiver dinner sometime here in the next coupla weeks.  You’ll probably need it.”
“Why’d you let me call you my date?” he asked, turning towards Steve.
“Nah, Cap,
“Gentlemen, let’s go,” the line judge said.  Fitz let Steve go, and the medical staff nodded and fired up the engine and drove off into the tunnel.
Steve nodded and downed the last of his coffee then set the mug in the sink.  “Yep.” He shoved his sketchbook and pencil case into his bag, checked for his wallet and phone, then grabbed his keys.  “Train?”
Sam rolled his eyes.  “This may come as a bit of a shock, but we’re friends.  I care about what happens to you.”
I'm back to work in-person, but I'm still planning on keeping to my every-other-week update schedule.  Good Lord willing.
Steve nodded weakly and fixed his eyes back on the shirt in his hands.
Steve took the leash when she passed it over.  “Dog this size is probably hard for a lot of people though.”
The entire team flooded the field, screaming and laughing.  Devin threw his helmet in the air, and half the defense scattered like it was a live grenade.
Steve stood, cutting off the followup from the NFL Network journalist.  “I’m sorry, but I’m getting the ‘hurry up’ from the crew, so I think it’s time for me to let you go.”
Steve tore the baguette from his sandwich in two and pushed half towards Tony.  “I think so. No way to know for sure until it happens though.”
“Thank you,” big, blonde, and burly replied with a nod.
to be in the city till the end of June, but it’s worth thinking about now, you know?  I’ll have Pep’s secretary Lorraine get you the contacts for the current roster. She’s--”
Sharon laughed brightly.  “Everyone says that after their first week with him.  He’s cut player time in medical down by more than half, though, so he must be doing something right.”
“Then Fury’ll do what he needs to,” Bucky answered pragmatically and T’Challa nodded.
Steve dug his thumbs into the back of Tony’s neck in a tiny massage and let out the bubble of laughter that wanted to slip free.  He felt more steady now that he’d been able to get Tony to at least see the edges of the snarl in his head.  “How do you know about the five in any locker room?” he asked.
“That--that really means a lot,” Steve said, smiling at her.  He turned, finally, to the third person the Avengers had brought to announce their first round draft pick.  “Mr. Stark, I…”
“Wanna sling ‘em out the window to me?”
“You do realize I’m in the process of ramping up to eating 3500 calories a day, right?”  Steve asked, even as he rotated his plate back around so Tony could reach. “Everything I put on the plate’s gotta go in the body.”
~~*~~
Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket, and a few quick taps later, he held it to his ear.  He shot Steve a grin while he waited for the call to connect.  “You trust me?”  Steve nodded right as Tony shifted his attention to whoever had picked up the phone.  “Raven?  Can you do me a favor?  I need some food this afternoon.  No, just me,” he stopped partway down the hall and glanced back at Steve.  Wary.  “And a date.”
Tony had followed Steve into the library, but he veered off to examine the pictures Bucky had taken such a shine to.  “I don’t know.  I just feel like I’ve been hearing about your workouts all week and haven’t gotten to see the…” he glanced over at Steve, “payoff for myself.”
Bucky waved him off.  “Everyone knows Fitzy bashed up his knee in college.  ‘S why he’s always kinda hung around as a journeyman but has never really become, y’know…a household name.”
Bucky’s arm around his shoulder stopped Steve from trying to go help find his own Clorox.  “Best to just let us help, don’t you think?” he asked with a grin.
Author’s Notes:
Tony jammed his hands in his pockets and scowled down at the pavement as they kept walking.  “Keep your shirt on,” he muttered. “I didn’t mean anything by it.” He glanced over at Steve’s stymied face, at the blush that still tinted his cheeks.  “So what
Downstairs, Bucky and Jackie were laying out food while Gabe and Jim were setting the table.
Not a whole lot to tell y'all this week...I'm sure that'll change next update when pre-season action starts
Steve came around the bike and leaned up against the bike seat next to Tony like every high school jock who’d ever tried to make time against the lockers with the head cheerleader.  “Not by a long shot.”
“West coast boys,” Steve muttered, smirking and shaking his head.
“She really was,” he agreed with a sad smile.
“Would you op--”
“Phone?” Natasha asked, holding her hand out.
Onscreen, Audrey Hepburn started smashing light bulbs, but Steve didn’t notice as Tony pushed him back until he was laying on the couch, Tony snugged up between his knees.  “This okay?” he mumbled against Steve’s lips.
“Thanks.”
“I--okay.”  He sat, suddenly unsure what was going on.
“Really? Do tell,” Tony finally angled all the way in and laid his head against Steve’s shoulder, batting his eyelashes up at Steve.
Tony whistled.  “This is bike porn.”  He stepped over for a closer look.  “When you’re ready to get it running, I know a guy.”
“Wuss,” Tony murmured.
Bucky followed Steve while he tugged on a play wristband.  Bucky stopped him when he turned away from the bench, helmet in hand.  “Don’t...don’t worry about Fitzy.  We’ve got medical for that.  You just…” he sighed.  “You just pick up where he left off and get us over the line.”
Steve had forgotten just how nerve wracking standing on the sideline as a backup could be, but he’d been studying Fitz’s play style long enough now that it became easier to see him adjusting and adapting to the Serpents’ defensive schemes.   The first drive fizzled after a couple quick first downs, though, when the O-line picked up two holding penalties back-to-back.
for your living room lights,” Tony’s glee was practically tangible.
“There’s a couple things you need.  I’ll text him, and he can get them while he’s out, too.”
He found an album on the shelf under the table, and when he opened it, his tiny junior high self smiled up at him wearing shoulder pads so big he looked like a turtle hiding in its shell.  Next to his picture, his mom had written in her steady hand
Twenty minutes later, the dull roar of repulsors and flight stabilizers sounded overhead just before Tony set down in what looked like the armor he’d been working on when Steve had gone to the tower after the win over the Giants.  Once he’d landed, the dull thunk of metal punctuating the end of the repulsors’ whine, the suit peeled open from the center of the chest and Tony stepped out.
She clambered back into her car then turned and waved out the driver’s side window.  “Good luck tonight!”
“Guest bedroom,” Clint answered, and she scurried off.
“Not what?” Sam prodded.
“You were playing for Baltimore last year, right?” Scott chimed in.
“So you gave her a bit of you to keep doing it?” Steve finished.
“And nobody blames the girlfriend quite like the male fans,” Steve murmured.
Carla wiped the last of the excess ink off his arm and sat back.  “What do you think?”
Steve reached over with his other hand and poked Tony in the ribs.  “Don’t fish,” he scolded fondly.
Volstagg snapped the ball, and T’Challa pretended to accept a handoff from Steve smoothly.  Unfortunately, when the line moved their blocks to sell the run, the Serpents’ other, massive linebacker Batroc broke around the end of the line.
As always, thank you to the incomparable Betheflame and Kestrel337 for wrangling my silly ass.  You two are the actual best.
Will there be cats and dogs for adoption?
Tony nodded slowly.  “I make sure to stay low enough that I don’t have to file flight plans.  Why?”
.”  Steve sighed.  “She loved that book.  Said it was the first, best superhero story she ever read.”
“You know you don’t have to come to Nevada to get divorced anymore, right?”
“It’s a fancy electromagnet that keeps some shrapnel from killing me.”
“Why is everything covered in dust cloths?” Dum Dum called from the living room.  “You planning on just never sitting down in your own house again?”
“You are literally from Boston,” Steve retorted, poking his head back out of the sitting room-cum-closet.  “I’m sure there’s plenty of ‘creative’ floorplans in Boston houses.”
Phillips shook his head as he left.  “Boy still won’t say y’all.”
“Never gets old,” Fitz said with a grin as the crowd started screaming for the stop.  “Saw you had a fan, by the way.”
Before she could answer, the owner Tony Stark, the GM Pepper Potts, and the head coach Nick Fury were all making their way to the podium.  They conferred briefly, then Pepper stepped to the microphone.
“Smoothies are food,” Tony replied around his straw.  “And anyway,
Steve laughed.  “Not that it matters, but she’s not my secret girlfriend.”
Steve grabbed his phone to see who needed him that urgently.  A couple texts from his old boss and a small barrage from Tony.  He opened up the texts from Mr. Makkouk and responded that yes, 9AM tomorrow was fine for him to come by.  The texts from Tony hoping he’d had a good week and asking if they were still on for tomorrow but not to expect him too early because Tony was many things, but a morning person was not one of them made him smile.  He’d wait to answer them till he got home.  Where Sam couldn’t peek over his shoulder.
“Bucky already knows.  He figured it out back in July.  One look at us when you met me in the park after the rundown and he just knew.  Which, okay.  I didn’t set out to show him that way or anything, but when he asked me outright, I couldn’t just lie.  And Sam’s always asked me the kinds of questions I could…”
Steve shook his head.  “I...I
“Son, you were doing fine.”  He waved off the explanations queued up behind Steve’s teeth.  He sighed. “There’s a girl here to see you. She’s waiting in the film room.”
He motioned Tony inside, then turned to head back to the library to get his ‘book’ work for the day started.  “I didn’t think you’d be here so early.  You sure didn’t make yourself sound like a morning person when we were talking earlier this week.”
Tony shook his head and laid down, pressing Steve into the mattress with his tightly muscled frame.  “Seduction’s temporary.  You...you’re permanent….you’re
“Steve.  Steve!” Carol’s voice echoed after them down the concrete hallway under the stands.
“Fine,” Steve replied, eyes on his now completely rearranged plate.
“But it turned out they weren’t as enlightened as they all said they were,” Tony finished.
Steve forced his worries down.  He’d call Natasha tonight and see what she thought.  He nodded. “Yeah. Totally.”
“It’s--I’m--”
“I’ll see you inside,” Sam murmured with a slap to Steve’s shoulder.
He took his focus off the suit, and finally really looked at Tony.  Tony who had clearly come straight from work since he was still in a beautifully tailored three-piece suit with a bright white shirt that made both the smooth grey of his suit and the deep red of his tie snap.  Steve almost laughed at the fact that Tony had on sneakers with his suit, but a closer look told Steve they probably cost more than all his bills for the month combined. Tony slipped on a pair of sunglasses with red-tinted lenses now that he wasn’t encased in metal, and made his way over to where Steve was spread out on the back patio.
on him.”
“I don’t really know what you want me to say?” Steve asked.  “You asked if we were friends, I said yeah.”
“How awful is this gonna be?” Steve asked Bucky after Carol had stepped into the media room to give her own postgame.
He smiled at the sharply detailed result, the mix of clean lines and organic curves.  He reached up to touch the swooping undercurve of the S, but Carla smacked his hand away.
My one big cave to self-indulgence is the way Bucky thinks about his female fans.  I am exhausted by the way people (mostly men, but not always) talk about female sports fans.  That they’re only fans of the good looking players and don’t really know the game.  That’s some bullshit.
“That is the word on the street,” Tony agreed, snagging another bite of Steve’s food.  “And I’m not a weirdo. I’m quirky. Eccentric at the worst.” He took another sip of his smoothie.  “You ready for Monday?”
Steve draped his arm over Tony’s shoulders so they were holding each other.  “I gotta say, this is the most half-assed tour I’ve ever been on.”
“Rumor has it you traded up to get this pick, any worries about how that could impact your effectiveness in later rounds, Ms. Potts?” another man, this time from Fox Sports jumped in.
Steve nodded down at his feet then looked back up and met Sam’s calm, steady gaze.  “I hear you.”
Dum Dum elbowed him out of the way to get at the sink.  “You never spent much time around defensemen did ya?” Steve shook his head, which made Dum Dum burst out laughing.  “We’re quite the herd of elephants. You’ll get used to us. Although, I think this is the longest I’ve spent with someone on offense outside mandatory team stuff.”  He thwapped Steve with the towel before he hung it back up. “You’re alright, though.”
When he got to Prospect Park on Friday morning, Bucky and Gabe both trotted over to greet him, dogs on leashes already with them.
Both of his receivers made noises of denial.  “If you don’t get an invite, then something’s really wrong, Cap.”
Steve flopped back on the grass again and let his eyes slip closed as the stultifying heat slowed him to a gradual stop.  The sunlight flared red behind his closed eyes and the bit of breeze kept him from melting into the ground.  He could have happily slipped into a light doze there in the grass, but his phone buzzing against his leg had Steve wriggling it out of the pocket of his compression shorts, and he cracked one eye open so he could hit the answer button.  “‘Lo?”
Since Heimdall doesn't have a first name...because when you're the all-seeing keeper of the Bifrost, how many Heimdalls could there possibly be, right, I dug back into my Old English materials from grad school and found the appellation for Heimdall that sounded the most like a modern first name and went with that.
Steve dumped out his bag and started repacking it for the day.  “I’m sorry I didn’t call.  I--It was a shit thing to do...to make you worry.”
Sam sat down in the chair next to him and watched Steve lace up his street shoes for a moment before he spoke.  “How many games have you lost?”
Tony leaned down and kissed Steve’s cheek while whoever was on the other end of the phone spoke in a swift, clipped tone.  “I’m gonna step outside so I don’t bother you and Carla.”
Three.
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  Fury and Danvers needed...to talk.”  He wasn’t sure if Fitz’s nagging injury was common knowledge or not, so until someone else brought it up, he wouldn’t.
“Safe is good,” he agreed.  He finally got an idea, switched colors and started drawing out actions and reactions after the snap, making notes in the playbook as he went.  Behind him, he heard Tony boot up his computer.
“Yes, Coach,” they chorused.
“That works,” Steve agreed easily.  He watched Tony smile with the memory.
“Being able to do my runs in Prospect Park again.”
Steve shrugged.  “It’s...it usually comes as a wrap, but I like it this way better.”
“Going my way?”
Steve took the container, but he couldn’t hear anything over the roar from the crowd when he shook it.  “This is--I’m not--”
Tony opened his mouth to, presumably, guess again, but Steve swept him up in his arms, laughing.  He dumped Tony on the bed then crawled up after him until he could straddle his waist
Steve nodded.  Ms Hill looked like she was the kind of no-nonsense who could subdue even the rowdiest players without breaking a sweat.
“Okay.”
“Can I see?” Tony asked.
“I built my mom a little tabletop-sized robot that would turn the pages of her sheet music when she played the piano.”
“Ew, no.” Tony agreed.  “I don’t...I don’t do any kind of body horror.  I was thinking more of something classic like Hitchcock or
I’ll be there Sunday probably early afternoon.
They threw, Bucky stepping back every time he passed the ball back to Steve, and Steve didn’t ask if Fitz was okay.  When the TV timeout official stepped onto the field while Fitz still lay on his back where he’d gone down, the whole stadium groaned.  Carol and Fury came over and talked at Steve, reviewing their game plan and the Serpents’ defensive schemes, but Fury abandoned them when the lead trainers brought the medical cart out.
Getting dressed felt a lot like suiting up for gameday; each piece of clothing a different piece of protection against the outside world.  The hope he’d held close, had been afraid to actually speak out loud to anyone except Natasha, was that a New York team would want him. He wanted to stay close to the neighborhood that had raised him.  His mom’s team, the Makkouks who had given him a job every summer since he’d been big enough to do the work, hell, even the kids coming out of his high school.
“Coach’ll help her out,” Dallas murmured back.  “He wouldn’t let a lady struggle.” He took his hat off and held it over his heart.  “Now, ma’am, if you’ll just allow me,” he rumbled in a passable imitation of their indomitable coach.
Author’s Note: I think the current FBS “playoff” scheme is crap.  So...we’re conveniently hopping back to the old-school BCS model because while it was flawed, everyone was aware of its shortcomings instead of pretending it was flawless like people seem content to do with this current model (shhh...this is just my opinion.  If you love it, it’s cool, I still love you)
“Feels like that bit in Faust when he signs his life away to the Devil” he murmured as he wrote.
Natasha produced a card from the back of her notebook.  “Take my card. Think about it. Let me email you the details of our standard representation.  Call me any time.”
A huge, hulking blonde guy raised his hand.  “Ma’am, if I find myself currently unattached, but a young lady comes into my life, what of that?”
“Well, you’re doing it right, that’s for sure.”  Tony winked.  “So how about this?  We can swing by yours so you can get cleaned up, then we’ll go to mine and I’ll feed and entertain you.”
“Definitely.”  Steve squeezed his arms around Tony’s waist.  “I’m gonna have to rewatch it on my own to find out how it ends, though.”
Wanda nodded.  “Mr. Stark said it’s important for us to remember where we came from.  What made us who we are.”
“Easy.  Done.”  He pointed at the Rolls Royce Phantom idling in the driveway by the athletes’ entrance.  “Let’s go home.”
Before Steve could speak, Tony’s phone started ringing.  He pulled it out and frowned down at the screen.  “One second.”  He tapped the screen.  “Jocasta, what’s up?”  As he listened, Tony’s frown deepened.  “Okay, well I’m not
Steve shook his head.  “Not if ESPN gets hold of it.”
“You want me to wait?” Happy offered.
Sam was sitting in front of his own locker, fiddling with his phone, but also clearly waiting for Steve to come back.  “How did your
“He’s not wrong,” Bucky added.  “Some of those looks could get someone pregnant.”
“You gonna sign with her?” Brennan asked, blunt as ever.
She shook her head.  “Oh, Steve.  You better brace yourself.  Nobody thirst tweets quite like female football fans.”
Steve stood up and pulled his shirt over his head while Carla lowered her chair and locked it in a fully reclined position.  Steve grimaced at the sticky, peeling feeling of his skin against the pleather upholstery when he laid down then immediately shifted his shoulders to try to get more comfortable.
found all the spare sheets in drawers under the bed and stripped the dusty set off and went to put them in the wash while Steve and Dum Dum remade the bed then started in on the boxes in the hall.
“Holy Jesus,” Tony said in lieu of an actual greeting when Steve yanked open the door.  “You look…”
“Hold it up!” someone in the defense hollered.
Steve shrugged back.  “I mean if he wants to.”
“The front office is pretty clear on their expectations for us,” Steve said.
backlash?  Who’s the fuck business should it be who I’m sleeping with?”
“Hey,” he answered.  “Wait, kid? Aren’t you younger than me?”
Steve shook his head.  “I don’t gotta be a dick though.”
“Sure,” Tony said.
“Well what would you call it?” Steve asked, trying not to laugh.  Trust Tony to have picked out the one part of his words that the average joe would probably find the least objectionable.  Well, at least until it got paired with all the rest.
“Why doesn’t your bike have tires?  I could have sworn it did last time I saw it.”
“A giant Lombardi Trophy?”
Tony slipped his hand over Steve’s and squeezed.  “Do you know how long I’ve lived in the public eye?”
“You got nothin’ to be ashamed of, you know, Rookie?” Bucky asked.
“Sentry mode,” Tony said absently to the suit, and it closed back up and took up a ready stance, one palm out as it pivoted gently back and forth.
Tony popped up, wincing when a tangle caught on Steve’s fingers.  “The hell?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s really neat, actually knowin’ a guy on the team,” Rashad continued.  “I mean, I got my favorite players, you know that.  Hell, everybody does.”
“Apparently there was a list.  Since it’s Monty, you’ll probably end up able to rebuild this place from the foundation and keep it clean enough to perform surgery on the bathroom floor.”
“Can I tell you something?” Steve asked a couple bites later, his eyes fixed on the half finished cannoli between them.
“God, just dress yourself,” he muttered as he grabbed the pair of jeans he’d left flung over the back of a chair and fished a grey t-shirt out of a drawer.
Tony’s whole face lit up with his answering smile.  “Yeah, you know what I like.  Just double it.  Thank you, Miss Almendarez.”
“May I join you?” Blondie from their morning session asked.
A quiet knock on the back door glass made him turn around.  Tony stood in the doorway, backlit by the light that had been left on in the kitchen.  “Can anyone eat out here, or is this the closed-mouth quarterbacks patio?”
“Shit,” Steve muttered as he threw himself back into his bedroom and started pulling on clothes.  “Gimme a second and I’ll let him in.”
Sam shrugged.  “In general.”  He tapped Steve’s knee.  “How many?”
I’m sure you’ve noticed by now, but I’m trying to make opposing teams a group from the Marvel universe (the Giants were all Guardians of the Galaxy, Buffalo is Hydra, you get me).  Well, the Browns are the worst/stupidest villains in the Marvel universe.  Think the likes of Paste-Pot Pete, Leap Frog, and Flag Smasher.  What can I say...it’s the Browns...they’ve been rebuilding since 1964.
“How sore are you?”
“You got it.  Now go, enjoy your celebration.”
Reply from
“My, um, my mom,” Steve answered.
Steve nodded.  “Sounds good.  Let us know if you need us to bring anything apart from meat and beer.”
"You're a tease," Tony said.  "I'll say goodnight for now, but I'm going to be waiting on the follow-through from that warning."
“Oh, okay.”  Steve nodded with exaggerated understanding.  “And what would that be?”
“That sounds perfect, Steve.  I look forward to hearing from you.”  She smiled.  “I’ll let you get back to your event.”
Inside, Steve put his things away, got them fed, and then they took up residence on the living room couch, Steve idly twirling Tony’s hair around his fingers as they lay curled together.
“And hey.”  He squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “Don’t worry about Stark. He talks a lot and he’s kinda...ostentatious, but he’s not a bad guy.”
Even though he wasn’t playing, Steve helped Fitz throw warmup routes and ran practice plays to get the defense moving in sync.  For the most part, Steve kept his eyes on what he was meant to be doing, but he couldn’t help but notice Tony as he made his way back around to the Avengers sideline and hung around for the entire warmup.  At one point Christine Everheart materialized next to Tony, mic in hand and camera man at her side, and the inquisitive inflection in her voice made Steve double down on his attention on the field.  Tony’s answering tone sounded flippant, but the way he looked down the field, scanning until he caught Steve’s eye, was anything but.
Steve settled Tony down in the vee of his legs, but let one of his legs dangle free so he could use his toes to set them swinging gently.  He’d laughed when his mom had found this thing on sale at Lowe’s, and the two of them had had a hell of a time assembling it.  It was practically a daybed hanging between the sturdy beams of the A-frame support, but once they’d gotten it together, Steve practically took up residence, drawing, listening to music, reading, or just daydreaming while he’d push himself slowly with the one foot he’d dangle over the edge.
Steve idly clicked the Pilot pen she handed him while he skimmed the document one last time, and when he reached the clauses they’d individualized, he started scribbling his initials next to them.  When he got to the final signature line, he glanced up at Natasha. “You sure you want me?”
By the time Danvers and Fury turned him loose, he had less than an hour to change and get to the team dining hall to get something for lunch before on-field practice started.  “Thank god I’m paid to wear gym clothes,” he muttered as he threw on compression pants, shorts, and a shirt.  Bucky and Sam were lingering over empty plates and glasses down to just ice, clearly waiting on him when Steve hustled in.
“Sure.”  Steve smirked back.
“Hmm?” Sam hummed idly.  He glanced over. “You do realize the StarkPad is for the notes, right?”
“Just B?  Or you too, Dev?” Steve asked, stifling actual laughter now as he clicked publish on the latest arrangement of his body of work.
“Mr. Rogers, please come in,” an attractive redhead smiled at him when he stuck his head around the door.  She came over to meet him, hand extended, “I’m Natasha Romanoff.”
“Take your helmet off.  Get ready to talk to those reporters,” Phillips ordered gruffly.  “You know those media types don’t like to wait on their story”
“And you’re worried about how you’ll come out in the editing if this,” Tony gestured between them, “becomes public.”
Natasha smiled brightly at him.  “Told you.”
Steve gestured at the counter next to the sink with his chin.  “There’s fine.”
Bucky squinted up at him with a smile.  “Of course.  Hey, come over anytime after 11 tomorrow.  We’re gonna fire up the grill kinda early so folks with kids’ll have time to eat and play and still get home at a decent hour.”
And again less than a minute later.
“It’s complicated,” he said after a bit.  “I started the Mark 2 largely as a vanity project.  Just to see if I could do it.  But I wanted to maybe be able to do some good too.  It just kind of spiraled from there.  I’m a tinkerer.  There’s always
They didn’t stop trading kisses until the lights raised just enough to become intrusive when the closing credits started.  Tony dropped his head against Steve’s shoulder and took a deep breath.  “That was…”
Lie through omission?” Tony finished.
“Language, Dev,” Steve admonished gently.
“I figured you were gonna wear that same suit, so now you got something to carry your compass with.”
He set his phone on the tiny shelf over the sink, got in the tub and yanked the shower curtain closed, hiding from the damn thing
“I don’t--I’m not sure what you mean by that, ma’am,” Steve stammered.
“I might actually be dying,” Sam groaned hours later as they made their way back to his car.  “This Cage guy is gonna be an ass kicker.”
The NFL, in a move I really think is neat, are HUGE advocates of youth health and fitness.  When I was just a wee Longhorn, the Presidential Fitness Test and climbing the goddamn gym class rope was Peak Gym Class, and since my gym teacher in elementary framed those both as exams, they were both things to be dreaded.  The NFL’s Play 60 campaign, which still exists in some form or fashion, is all about fitness through play.  Which, let’s be real, if I ask you if you’d rather run and play outside for an hour or do a series of fitness tests, which the fuck are you gonna pick?!
“Oh you say that now, but what if you end up leading the league like you did last season?” One of Dot’s friends chimed in.
The oven timer going off jolted Steve back to reality, but after he’d retrieved his dinner from the oven, he couldn’t resist sending Tony one more message.
Steve obediently tugged his shirt back on while Carla started going over the aftercare instructions.  He trailed after her voice back up to the counter where he paid, left an obscene tip, and finally accepted the little bag with his care notes and a tube of lotion.  Tony poked his head back in right as Carla finished her spiel and frowned at the two of them.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “Gee. Thanks.”
“Sure,” Sam gestured to the empty chair.  “I’m Sam, by the way.”
Tony squeezed his waist.  “The electricals.  Make sure all your connections are good.”
“I know I’m not,” Steve agreed as they pulled out of the parking lot.
“So tell me something,” Steve said without looking up from the diagram he was using as a guide when the backdoor opened and closed.
the league has no truck with sexual orientation discrimination.”
“Yeah, but I have a year in the league on you,” Bucky retorted smugly.  “Anyway, I didn’t call you
, back down his shaft until Steve could feel his throat squeezing the head of his dick.  Steve’s orgasm boiled up from the base of his spine until his shoulders lifted fully off the bed with the force of the aftershocks that rolled through him for what felt like a small eternity.
He’ll learn good shit under Fitz.  Looking forward to a dynamic duo.
Steve glanced up at Tony and brushed his now sweaty bangs off his forehead.  “You expecting an attack?”
Steve glanced at Natasha for guidance, but she just shrugged.  Up to him, then. “I...uh...I guess so.”
~~*~~
“Prospect Heights,” Steve said, then gave the cross streets.
“No, why would I?”  Steve flashed him a quick smile.  “Just don’t move all my stuff six inches to the right.”
“Jesus, Tony.”
Wish Barnes would rip me apart like he did the Serpents defense last season
that crawled up his spine.
“Conscious of?” Sam offered as he came back and parked on the foot of Bucky’s lounger.
A few blocks down and a couple over landed them in front of All Wolves No Sheep tattoo and body piercing, and Tony blinked up at the neon sign, somehow surprised by where they’d ended up.
“Okay,” Steve agreed, his shoulders unknotting.
“And the other?” She asked quietly, glancing over at Tony to make sure he was still out of earshot.
“Yeah.  I could use a couple days away from Cage.”
“Could I...that is--”
Tony brushed his hand over the 12 on his front.  “Yeah, some guy got it for me.  Said something about wearing it like his letter jacket?”
Scott came in carrying his daughter Cassie, and as soon as he set her on her feet in the grass, she toddled over and crawled up on Bucky’s lounger to examine his cat, who was curled up in his lap in spite of the heat.
Wanda tapped at her phone a few more moments then looked up with a smile.  “Got it.  Photos are ready, I just need the link to his bio and we’re good to post.”
The twenty or so guys now assembled ready to run all let out a blood curdling howl, and at least half of the dogs joined in.
a secret.
Coach Phillips’ sharp shout brought Steve up short, forcing him to pump fake so he didn’t bounce the football he had lined up to let fly off one of his receivers’ facemasks.
Upstairs, Tony contented himself with making a circuit of Steve’s bedroom while Steve started digging through his workout clothes to find something that didn’t either look or smell like it belonged in the bin.
“Holy hell.”
“Back here,” his voice filtered through from the back of the house.  When Steve found him staring out the dining room window at the back garden, Tony looked over and smiled.  “You didn’t tell me you had a motorcycle.”
“Well, thank you.” Steve said.  He glanced up at the man standing behind her, clearly pleased as punch, and smiled at him too.  He looked back down at Ashleigh. “Thank your daddy too.”
the one in the front office.  Don’t be afraid to let me help you.”
when you ran in that last touchdown.”  He shook his head.  “I can’t believe you’re
Peter scowled at the inside of the copier.  “Yeah.”
“Smart man,” she allowed.  “He’s not alone in thinking that.  Quite a few people think you’ve got what it takes to lead a professional club, potentially as a franchise quarterback, individual collegiate accolades or no.  My boss agrees, and he sent me to see if we could negotiate for your representation.”
“Good.”  He hesitated.  “Fine.”
“So what’s the deal?  You two friends?”
“Just do what she says; it’s easiest,” Tony murmured as he slipped in next to Steve and they shuffled into a tighter group.
?” Sam offered.
Steve turned around and shot Tony a sideways look.  “Check the middle drawer.  Notecard with the password should be towards the back.”
A soft knock on the door put a stop to their conversation.  “I’ll grab the food if you grab plates?” Tony offered, already standing to get the door.
Tony trapped his arm against his side like that would retroactively keep Steve from accidentally ejecting himself from a thrill ride.  “Please tell me you’re joking.”
“You guys ever talk about getting hitched?”
Steve swung his backpack down and started digging through the front pocket.  He found the bags of art supplies he’d been using at the bar that morning and fished a Sharpie out.
“Tony?” Steve called.
“Can my answer to all three be ‘it’s nobody’s business but ours?’” Tony asked.
“Nothing bad.  I--
“And you’re sure you’re not going to abandon us for the PGA Tour?” Tony asked with a wink.
“Lazy cat,” Bucky agreed.  Alpine let out a tiny
“Social media coaching?  This is a big one, especially now.”
“You’re not going to get Tom Brady’d, though, and go in the sixth round either.”
Sam fixed him with an appraising stare.  “You look a little...small to be a tight end.”
Steve forced himself to sink into the hammock chair Bucky pointed out to him and accept the Stroh’s Bucky passed over.
Tony smirked.  “Efficiency.  I like it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You okay?” Steve murmured.
Reply from
“That one?” he asked, pointing.
A sly smile crept onto Tony’s face.  “Could I
Thank YOU for all your kind words and kudos.  I seriously am humbled and joyed by all your kind words on each chapter.
“You got it, Coach,” Dugan nodded.
Y'all who are reading this and leaving comments and kudos and telling me how much you love this give me life and so much happiness.  This is such a great group of fans to write for, y'all, I swear.
Sam let him go.  “You okay if I head out?”
“D’you know how lonely it is to be on the number one team in the nation and not have anyone in the stands for you?”  He took an unsteady breath.  “That was the first season my mom wasn’t there to see me play.  And every single one of those thirteen wins, I felt
“Thanks J.  Send him up.”  Tony sat up, still straddling Steve’s legs.  “Dinner’s here.  Let me go grab it.”  He got up, but turned back at the door.  “Don’t freak out on me, okay?”
Steve rolled his eyes then dropped one of his shirts from the Combine and a pair of Avengers joggers on the bed for him.  “You get what’s at the top of the drawer that doesn’t look like I ran through a chipper shredder while I was wearing it.”  He pointed at the door to the closet.  “There’s empty hangers on the bottom rail so your suit doesn’t get all wrinkled.”
Steve used the leverage from his arms still wrapped around Tony to flip them on the couch, smiling brightly when Tony barked out a surprised laugh.  “You know damn well what I mean.”
“Facing out.”
She’d patted his hand, and he’d fallen silent.  “I know, love.”  She’d laughed at his shocked expression then said, “you realize your generation didn’t invent bisexuality, right?”
Steve watched the cart until it disappeared into the shadows of the tunnel, until Sam jogged his arm.  “You ready?”
They pulled to a stop under a portico at the Flamingo, and she turned around in her seat, grinning.  “You’d do that? For me? They’d love that!”
Steve rolled his eyes.  “You’re beautiful, don’t get me wrong, but you’re not my type.”
re: A Room of One’s Own
“Steve...c’mere, Rogers,” he demanded after the kind words had petered out.  Bucky shoved Steve forward, and Fitz grabbed the hem of his jersey to make him focus.  “I know this isn’t how you’d’ve wanted to take over, but it’s what we’ve got.
Steve felt the heat creep up his neck as his teammates behind him started howling about a secret girlfriend.
“I’d adopt a dog from you,” Steve said from where he was still laying on the grass, completely unmotivated to even sit up.
“At least I’m still here,” Steve said around a mouthful of chicken and rice.
Dusting his hands off on his jeans as he stood, Tony nodded.  “Any ideas?”
“Now, Steve, you listen to whatever she tells you,” Natasha cut in bluntly.  “These PR people know what it takes to keep a player on the field and out of the news for the wrong reasons.”
Steve scowled down at his hands, watching as he spun the ball against his own palm.  “I’m not…” he sighed. “I haven’t thought that far ahead.”
Third and four was always a strange down and distance, Steve thought as he consulted the cheat sheet on his wrist.  It always felt like a long run play but a short pass play.  He called for a play action, hoping the way the Serpents had focused on stopping the Avengers’ rush game would open up some mid-range throw options.
“Hell yeah,” he said as he waved them into the house.  “Place kicker extraordinaire.  Haven’t missed in two full seasons.  I broke Vinatieri’s record in Week 13 this past season.”
“Am I?” Steve asked mildly.
interview take longer than the one I did with all the rest of the new receivers?”
“Your cheque’s in the mail,” Carla said as she came out from the back, grinning widely at him.  “Congratulations on the win, Steve.”
“Swimsuit, man, yes or no?”
“Your girl.  Few fans tweeted about seeing you in Midtown after the game.  When I called Nat because you weren’t answering, she mentioned it.”
“Sorry.”  Carol mimed zipping her lips but smiled at him like butter wouldn’t melt.
Down the hall and in the kitchen, outside of Tony’s immediate orbit, Steve took a deep breath and rested his head against the closed cabinet door for a moment before banging his head gently against the wood a couple times for good measure.
Thanks as always to Betheflame and Kestrel337.  If y'all had any idea how often I pop into their lives with sentences that start with "hey do you think Steve..."  They are legit saints (not New Orleans Saints though)...sorry, I couldn't resist.
Tony motioned Steve over to the tee.  “C’mere. I’ll show you.” Steve stepped over and Tony started tugging him into position.  “Like this,” he murmured.
It didn’t take long for Bucky to return, a massive duffel bag thrown over his shoulder.  He set it down and unzipped the top to reveal six footballs standing neatly on their points inside.  Alice grabbed one out, and a few other kids darted forward to grab balls out of the bag too.
Once Steve had answered, she fixed him with a stare an awful lot like her look from Monday.  “Also, it is important that you know the Avengers organization has a zero tolerance policy for domestic violence.  There’s a clause in your contract, and if you violate it, you will be cut.  Not traded.  Cut.”
“Sorry Liz,” He called back.  “Unless you’re...
“That’s because you don’t play well with others,” Steve said, letting Tony pick up his free hand and turn it between his own idly while Carla worked.
“It’s...not being straight in pro sports just--you just
Wanda had snapped a few pictures while they’d talked, mostly, Steve noticed, when they could coax him into a smile or actual laughter.  They were good at their job, putting Steve more at ease than most of the interviews he’d been a part of since he’d started playing college ball, but this was, at its heart, facetime with the media, so Steve kept his answers carefully “camera ready.”
They fell into a steady rhythm after that, uncovering furniture, dusting furniture, and setting smaller things in order.  All the little organization that made a house liveable. After a while, three sets of footsteps thundered up to the third floor.  Raucous laughter floated down the stairs, undercutting the clatter of a bucket and the barked “fuck” when what sounded like a mop handle hit the floor right after.
Steve nodded.
Tony’s answer was quick and Steve felt a wash of fondness overtake him when he read the reply.
Steve jolted sharply awake the next morning when all 200 pounds of Sam Wilson flopped on top of him in his bed where he’d still been facedown and dead to the world.
Steve shrugged.  “Guess it’s a good thing I’ve never really been a big birthday kinda guy.”
“That’s very true.  There’s a reason we didn’t sign Incognito after he came off his suspension.  Nick promised me he didn’t need linemen that badly.”  Steve pushed them for a while in silence before Tony patted his leg to get his attention.  “But back to you.  I know you don’t think that poorly of Sam.  He seems like a real stand-up kinda guy.”
Tony hovered in for a landing right as Carla swiped off the first strokes’ worth of excess ink.  “I will never understand this whole...team ritual thing.”
“I didn’t think I would be,” Steve answered, rolling his eyes.  They’d discussed this already.
that’s not it.  Not really. He knows you owe him, and he can call that in whenever he wants for whatever he wants.  That kind of power over someone? That’s credit to me.”
“I have a 7AM strength workout,” Steve countered.
Steve pulled the hat on and took the shoulder of the number ten jersey Fury passed him then turned a confident smile towards the press pool.  The cheering from the stands set up on the Strip exploded around them along with the flashbulbs from the press pit. In his pocket, Steve could feel his phone vibrating over and over with incoming messages.
“You know, I can kick PATs too,” Clint sniped as he ran onto the field with the special teams unit.
“You got us in the lead,” Fury said with a small smile.  “Now it’s up to the defense to keep us there.”
Steve threw his arm across the back of the couch in silent invitation, and Tony scooted closer.
Steve spread the pillowcase from the set of ratty old bedsheets he’d repurposed as drop cloths over the parts he’d laid out and labelled and stood up.  “I can probably find you something.”
“Yeah.  Nicknames, favorite movies, pregame playlist, most memorable on-field moment.  That kind of thing?”
Steve shrugged.  “The validation of masculinity that comes from large, athletic men and loud, shiny machines?”
“Okay.”  He slapped Steve on the bicep, grinning as he went to grab his club.  “Now stand back...I’m gonna clean your clock.”
“Haven’t you heard?  I got out of the weapons game,” Tony replied flaty.
In the car, Tony wiggled down into the seat like a contented cat.  “Brooklyn, Happy.”
“Yes?” Steve asked, smiling but not even looking away from his computer.
Also, please remember with me the sturm und drang when Michael Sam came out right before he entered the 2014 draft.  Yes, he was drafted, but the Rams cut him, Dallas picked him up and then waived him, and by 2015 he stepped away from professional football citing his own mental health (800% understandable).  In my head, Steve plays in a universe where this happened, so he’s very well aware of the price of being out in the NFL.
“Ms. Carter, yeah, I--I’ve been meaning to get back to you, but--”
He drew up short in the living room door watching Dum Dum gesture at the other end of the couch.  “Grab that end, Jackie boy. Help me start getting this furniture uncovered.”
Steve smacked his forearm.  “Don’t be obtuse.  You’ve forced people to change the way they talk about you.  About SI.  That’s no small accomplishment.”  When Tony finally nodded, Steve prodded gently at his arm again.  “So, come on, why’d you rebrand us?”
Steve rolled his eyes even as he moved to kiss Tony again.  “Necking in the movies?”
She released his hand and sat back, all business again.  “We’ll probably have to have this conversation with your new head coach and the PR team wherever you end up, but every club in the league will understand why this is something you want to keep private.  Is there anyone I’d need to worry about bringing this up? Well meaning family?”
Steve scowled.  “It’s not,” he muttered.
Sam clambered off Steve’s bed.  “I need to shower too.  You need to turn your phone back on like the big boy I know you are.”
Steve just laughed and shoved him off.  “You were there when my about-to-be agent returned my call.”
Steve pointed at the round landing pad.  “Is that…”
By the time he made it back, Cassie had been bundled off for lunch and a nap and Clint had pulled a chair over to their spot for himself.  He grinned up at Steve from where he was balancing his plate on his knees while trying to get all his condiments situated on his bun.  Alpine took offense to a plate replacing her, and she jumped down from Bucky’s lap.
“Don’t look now,” Bucky murmured as they turned back to the field.  “But you got a fan.”
The press forward into Serpents’ territory picked up steam when they started to mix run and pass plays a little more freely.  Scott picked up a smooth eight yards on a first down screen pass, and T’Challa followed up with a slick 13 yard run to push them to midfield.  Yards became a bit harder to come by once they hit the 50, but they still managed to drive all the way down to the 18.
“Is this your mom?”
“Dating?  Or the start of it at least.”
Eventually Monty deputized Morita to start encouraging people to go get food off the long tables set up against the fence “before it all goes to shit” and tiny Cassie parroted “shit” to Bucky and Scott’s delight and Scott’s girlfriend Maggie’s chagrin.  Steve stood and offered to go get Bucky a plate on the condition that Bucky protect his chair from seat thieves.
Tony shook his head.  “Sentry mode’ll alert me to recording devices too.”
Y'all know this drill by now.  Betheflame and Kestrel337 are amazing human beings who make my writing infinitely better.  A special thanks to JehBeeEh for helping me out with "hey, is this too football jargon-y?" this go round.  Y'all all deserve a Walter Payton patch on your jerseys.
Extra thanks to betheflame and kestrel337 for excellent beta help and advice.
“‘What of that’ what? Gotta narrow that down.” Sam muttered.
“Not necessarily.”  Tony turned and started walking the direction Steve had been headed.  He looked over at Steve with a spark in his eye. “You could’ve been a Giants fan.”
A Room of One’s Own
“For the most part.  One of the girls I went to high school with, her dad runs a restoration garage.  He hired me to answer the phones, but let me start actually helping after I finished my first auto tech class.”
Tony shrugged, clearly undeterred.  “I can bring a laptop and do SI stuff.  Or Iron Man stuff. I’ll figure it out.”  He nudged Steve’s arm as he pushed up to standing.  “You don’t have to
“I mean, we’re worried about you, Cap,” Devin tried.
Steve smiled.  “Thanks.”
“So you know this isn’t all on you,” Sam barrelled over him.
Steve sat and soaked in the frank acknowledgement that he was allowed to struggle, grateful to whatever, or whoever, had pushed Bucky and his friends to come over.
Inside, a nervously smiling young man scurried over to greet them.  “Welcome to the Avengers complex, Mr. Rogers and Mr...uh...Mr. Wilson.  It’s--I’m Peter. One of the interns this season.” He gestured off to the right, deeper into the building.  “You’re going to start today in the film suite. Wanda and Pietro, two of our social engagement magicians, are both in there and they’ll make sure you get all set up.”
“I like it.” Steve laughed.
“Non--” he sighed.  “Noncond’ct’v.”
“Ah, but it is smooth,” Tony retorted with a glint in his eyes.
I know I mentioned this on my tumblr, but I'm going to be updating every other Sunday because I'm apparently not able to write six to eight K per week while working?!  Who knew?!
She reached over and patted his arm.  “Good to see you too, sweetie. Good luck tonight.”
Tony mimed zipping his lips as they made their way upstairs, and Steve laughed.
Steve hummed.  “Little like someone else I know.”
“Some people think it’s just really badly scarred or something happened that doesn’t let him blink right like Bell’s Palsy,” Gabe offered.
