John threw his arms back over his head, and pushed his hips up against Sherlock’s mouth, which was now licking a path along the crease of his pelvic bone.
Billy readjusts the buckets in his hands. “Well, don’t thank me just yet, Mr. Holmes. Wait until I’ve brought you what you asked for, at least!”
Sherlock watches the men shuffle past him, his own body scarcely within the grasp of his awareness. He cannot feel the bulwark where he grips it beneath his fingers; it is currently the only thing holding him upright.
Sitting in his plush red velvet seat in the vast circular room, watching an English translation of the libretto scroll across the screen on the back of the seat in front of him, it struck John how fitting the content of the opera was itself, with its themes of corruption and deceit.
All the better, Sherlock tells himself firmly, as he makes his way back to the quarterdeck—he can’t afford to be distracted at the moment. It’s imperative that he speaks with Lieutenant Lestrade as soon as possible.
Billy lingers a moment more, his expression agonized, and then says: “He’ll be here. Tomorrow morning. You can ask him then.” He shakes his head again. “I’m sorry, but I’ve got to go.”
“The crew will have their own more primitive means of celebration,” McKinley adds with a derisive smile. “Of that I have no doubt.”
He walks the length of the deck, eyes flickering over the silhouetted objects in the gloom, until he reaches the door that John told him leads to the cockpit, the other side of which lies the purser’s cabin and the steward’s, as well as the captain’s storeroom, the slop room and the surgeon’s dispensary.
Judging by the quality of the light in Sherlock’s room it’s somewhere just past seven in the evening, almost time for the evening meal. Billy will be busy helping with the preparations and the upper deck will be crawling with midshipmen. There’s no way Sherlock can communicate with anyone on John’s mess without being caught. He will just have to wait and trust that everything goes off without a hitch.
He finds that as he plays he can finally give voice to everything he has been feeling over the last week—his sorrow, his terror, his longing for John, his relief at being beside him again—it all comes streaming out of Sherlock, down through his fingers and into the strings, in the dance of his bow up and down.
“Only that the lad’s behavior suggests that he and the lieutenant have some kind of prior acquaintance. But you see, I’ve known Lestrade for well on five years. I’ve sailed with him all that time and he’s never made mention of any young midshipman by that name…”
His compressions on John’s chest are increasingly rough. His lips as they close over John’s this time are shaking. He sits back on his heels and waits, breathless.
For a moment, John couldn’t see through his rage. He clenched his fist and felt Lestrade’s fingers tightening on his arm, but just then a nurse emerged through the swinging doors that led back to the surgery pushing someone in a wheelchair, someone with dark hair and a pale, bruised face.
He thinks about John, watching him, kneeling beside him as he touches himself, pupils blown wide with arousal, one hot palm on Sherlock’s belly, feeling the fever in Sherlock’s body as he strokes.
John’s mouth is in his hair, close by his ear, and he feels John’s breathing change against him at the movement, and then, in one miraculous, infinitesimal shift, John’s hips have settled against Sherlock’s and Sherlock feels the long, hard length of John pressing into him.
John’s blue eyes have gone grey with sorrow; Sherlock feels a flash of shame. He did that—he made John look that way. He tries to drop his eyes again, but John’s hand comes up to Sherlock’s cheek, staying him.
Deverall shrugs, feigning carelessness and Sherlock suddenly sees that it’s a ruse; it’s a front Deverall puts on, his constant posture of casual nonchalance carefully put in place to cover something else up.
When Sherlock wakes—hours later, stiff and covered in dried sweat and fluid—it takes only a second for the memories of the last twenty-four hours to come flooding back and he can feel his face breaking into a smile even before he has fully regained consciousness.
The presence of the two sailors confirms that the captain knows the manifest is missing, it also confirms that he does not yet know the identity of the thief.
“Shh, it’s alright. It’s alright.” John lifts a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, bends low to kiss his mouth, his hand never stopping in the rhythm of his strokes. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
Sherlock hums his approval, leaving a trail of kisses up the inside of John’s arm, pausing to look up at him from under his lashes when he reaches his elbow.
There’s some reckless, foolish part of him that can’t help himself, some self-destructive streak that pushes him over the edge. He has to go on speaking, even if he knows Ferguson’s reaction will be violent.
Either way, both explanations are completely banal, and any effort at attempting to ascertain the man’s purpose by conversing with him is rendered impossible by Mr. Ferguson’s sudden decision to return to the gangway at the back of the ship and disappear again below decks.
Sherlock pulled his fingers out of John’s abruptly to slide his hand around the base of John’s neck and cradle his head as he deepened the kiss, pinning John against him at two different points with his hands.
“Mr. Sherlock Holmes, sir! Mr. Watson sent me to tell you directly—he’s on his way—him and his men! They’re coming to thank you! They just heard the news—I’m the one who told them!” he says, his face beaming with pride. “But is it really true, sir—that it’s all thanks to you? Is it true Mr. Holmes sir, is it?”
He bit down on the swell of Sherlock’s hip and then sucked hard on the bruised skin as he dragged the material of Sherlock’s shorts down over his ass.
He thought they were staring at him because of his performance, but maybe it was for a different reason entirely. He remembers the way Mrs. Damson had snatched her boy’s pointing finger out of the air.
“Ah, that.” Sherlock looks up at her, with a glint of mischief in his eye. “Come with me, I think you’re going to like it.”
Sherlock wants to rub his face all over John, discover every part of him with his mouth, but John pulls back, worry still present in his eyes.
He is back in his own bedroom and John feels the breeze from the open window on his wet cheeks and calls out for Sherlock to shut it. There is a strange smell—damp and sweet—like freshly turned soil, and rolling over John finds Sherlock lying alongside him, wearing the suit they buried him in, dried blood streaking his temples, watching John with the same intent expression as before.
“No, it isn’t!” Sherlock pushed himself off of John’s chest to look down at him, eyes blazing. “John—”
John stared up at the little gold numbers again, willing them to go faster, just as Sherlock leaned in against him and lifted his hand to the back of John’s neck. He brushed his fingers ever so lightly against the strip of bare skin above the collar of John’s starched shirt, his touch delicate but proprietary, sending off a firestorm of sensation down the length of John’s spine.
He dreams that he and Sherlock are on a desert island—cartoonishly small, but beautiful in the piercing, impossible way that only images in dreams can have—the sand so white it hurts John’s eyes, the sea a glittering expanse of turquoise stretching as far as the eye could see.
“You are,” Sherlock says, aghast that John would consider it otherwise. “There is no one like you on this earth, John Watson.”
But before they can take one step towards the door, to Sherlock’s eternal horror he hears Lieutenant Deverall’s voice at his shoulder.
He forces himself to keep speaking, his heart hammering so loudly in his own ears it almost drowns out the sound of his voice. “I’m sorry I haven’t… been better about conveying that. I just… it’s difficult for me… all of this.”
When Sherlock goes down for lunch, the corridor outside the passenger cabins is a flurry of activity. The corridor is lined with bags and boxes; the trunks that have been brought up so that the passengers might dress in their finer things for the festivities have their lids flung open with ladies spilling out of them, pulling out lengths of cloth, feathers, ribbons, cooing with excitement over items they packed weeks ago back in England.
“Begging your pardon, Miss, but isn’t the place to which we are heading in the East Indies also very foreign?”
John’s fingers settle over Sherlock’s where they’re clenched against the mattress. The touch is so soft it makes something in Sherlock’s chest ache.
His eyes are still shut, fingers curled against his mouth—he can feel the sweat, slippery on his palms, making the half-healed cut on his right hand sting—and then…
“I have some errands that I need to run in town, in addition to getting the things for Lieutenant Lestrade. I think… it might be best if you stay here while I go. I don’t want to drag you all over town while you’re still trying to get your land legs back. And I’ll be much quicker if I go on my own. What do you think?”
John abruptly lost the thread of what he was saying as Sherlock’s mouth did something unbelievable and exquisite to the side of his neck.
The realization made John’s chest constrict with feeling, but it also filled his cock with a renewed rush of blood—Sherlock offering himself up to John, so trusting; his desire naked on his face.
Sherlock shifts his hips against the bed. “What I wanted to say was—since you have to be here with me in this unpleasant place, the least I could do was… What I mean is...” Sherlock licks dry lips. “I wanted to be clean for you.”
This time, he settled himself next to Sherlock, his back against the same stretch of wall; his legs stretched out alongside Sherlock’s, close but still not touching.
Perhaps John feels the change in Sherlock at the thought because he pulls back slightly, fingers still soft on Sherlock’s neck, his voice breathless.
Sherlock was still sitting on the edge of the tub, his body turned toward John, the fingers of one hand immersed in the warm water.
The victim had been vivisected. The body was in the back of a butcher shop, lying in a pool of blood on the scrubbed tile floors. All around them hung the dangling carcasses of slaughtered animals.
Teeth bared in a grimace of pure hatred, Anderson readjusts his grip so he’s holding Sherlock by the throat.
Sherlock can only hope that this relatively poor performance being demonstrated by Her Majesty’s best is due to the large amounts of alcohol that have been imbibed this evening, rather than lack of training or skill.
“Sherlock…” John ran his hands up Sherlock’s arms, attempting to drag him back to the present moment. “Sherlock, love, look at me.”
Just this is almost too much for Sherlock—just being in this space, so close to John, so close that he can feel his breath, his face a blur in Sherlock’s vision, his fingers tight in Sherlock’s, makes him feel as though his heart will burst within his chest it’s so full up with feeling.
Sherlock was studying one of the candles beside John’s head. John turned to follow his gaze. The sconce was rattling ever so slightly on its hinges.
No sound emerges from Mr. Ferguson’s cabin; and no light can be seen shining through the crack in the door.
John stretches beside him, rolling his shoulders as if to physically shrug off the weight of his grief. He flattens his fists out on his knees, rubs his palms over his thighs.
Sherlock sat up, and looked at John with a dazed expression on his face. “You sneaky little bastard.”
John’s hand tightened convulsively on Sherlock’s shoulders and Sherlock pulled his hand from John’s grip to pat him soothingly on the hip.
With a curl of his lip, Stevens releases him and Sherlock falls to the ground with all the elegance of a sack of flour.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice was urgent. John felt it before he heard it, Sherlock’s breath hot on his neck. “John, look at me. Look at me, John.”
He took to bringing strange specimens back from the woods and hoarding them in his rooms. The maids began to complain of the mess and the smell and the housekeeper insisted she couldn’t work in a household where she was barred from entry to clean the rooms. When Sherlock accidentally set fire to his curtains one night, his parents decided they had had enough, and even though he was only sixteen at the time, they packed him off to university.
It is the thought of John’s mouth on his that pushes Sherlock over the edge—his body stiffens, and he feels the hot pulse of liquid against his wrist as he finds release.
John looked over at Sherlock where he was still half-leaning against the wall from where he’d been pushed, LaRoue’s torn jacket dangling from his hands. For one brief moment, their eyes connected.
As they walked past row after row of the stinking cages, many of them charged forward, snapping and snarling, but still more shrank back into the corners, quivering, broken, their eyes rolling with fear.
For all his gentleness, there is something untamable, something fierce, shimmering just below the surface of his kind good looks. Sherlock feels as though he got a better glimpse of it today while watching John fight—the raw power of his movements as beautiful, as terrifying as the foam on the crest of a breaking wave.
Sherlock took him deeper, tongue massaging the underside of his shaft even as his mouth was full of him.
“As to that, I’m afraid I cannot say,” Mr. Jackson intones with mock-seriousness, staring mournfully into the depths of his wine glass. “Although it
Instead, he retreats into his room, eying the bag that he packed earlier with a look of pure poison. The small parcel of items he’d arranged to take to shore sitting neatly beside his violin seems to mock him with its aura of hopeful expectancy, making something sharp and painful twist inside his chest.
“No, I don’t mean for the wine,” Sherlock says, leaning forward to place one hand on the mattress between them. “I mean,” Sherlock licks his lips. “Thank you for defending me the way you did.” Sherlock drops his eyes, suddenly self-conscious. “No one has ever done that for me. Defended me like that. People have said a lot of horrible things but no one ever…”
Sherlock hooked his thumbs into the waistband and John heard his own breathing go ragged with anticipation.
He thinks about running across the deck, taking John’s hand in his, and leaping with him over the gunwale into the turquoise waters of the bay. It can’t be so far to swim to shore—Sherlock can see it glowing green in the late afternoon sunlight even from where he stands at the top of the stairs, can feel the warm, earth-scented breeze so soft against his face.
Sherlock smiled prettily up at him and reached for the jar. He unscrewed the top, and then dipped his knife into the golden liquid with exaggerated slowness, holding the knife suspended above the jar while the honey drizzled off the blade.
“Is it alright?” he breathes, stroking faster now, pulling harder in the way he knows John likes, pressing a wet, open-mouthed kiss just under John’s ear. “Tell me what to do.”
It is only the matter of a few seconds’ work to set up the punch. All the hours of training have made the movements second nature to him now—pivoting his body slightly, making sure his weight is shifted so that the force will come from his back foot, squaring his shoulders and pulling back his arm to ensure he delivers maximum force—but the look on Anderson’s face as Sherlock’s fist connects with his nose is one Sherlock will savor for the rest of his life.
He bends low to kiss John’s ear again, aware suddenly of his own great height as he must stoop to do so, his body folding around John’s like the petals of a flower. He wants to touch as much of John as he can reach, wants to feel John’s skin against his skin but he’s too focused on the feel of John’s swollen cock in his fist to pause what he is doing and remove any more clothing.
“He was a surprisingly good teacher,” Sherlock says, vaguely irritated with himself for admitting this.
And then he stops and Sherlock feels him draw in an enormous breath and hold it in his lungs for several plunging heartbeats.
John was barely able to discern Sherlock’s words, so focused was he on the slick slide of Sherlock’s fist around his cock, on the glistening curve of Sherlock’s shoulder in the light from the window, the whole long curve of Sherlock’s arm and shoulder shining bright with sweat.
It takes him a few seconds to realize that John’s cock is still painfully hard against him; he can feel the heat of it pressing into his stomach.
Sherlock made a lunge for one of the fallen guns but he was slow on his bad leg, and Briggs caught him around the waist, bringing his knee up in a gesture that was clearly intended to break Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock dodged the blow, but only just, and Briggs seized hold of his arms, twisting them behind his back until Sherlock fell hard to his knees.
John pulls back slightly and Sherlock follows him with his mouth; he feels John smile against him, and lean back into the kiss, his hands sliding down to hold Sherlock’s shoulders.
All the while Sherlock’s eyes were on him, gazing at John through heavy lashes, his swollen lips parted, the color rising in his cheeks.
how Sherlock has dreamt of it—hoarse and low and full of want—makes Sherlock’s knees buckle. “Aren’t you going to invite me in?”
A woman standing behind him began yelling in a shrill voice. “What’s the matter with you? Open the door!”
Sherlock considers this. He has heard about press gangs, the navy’s infamous method for forcing men into service as a means of crewing warships, but as far as he knows the practice is limited to men who already have experience at sea.
As Sherlock listens to the swell of voices take up the chorus, he begins to pick out the tune. The melody is simple and repeats with every verse, so it only takes him a minute or two to get it right. By the fourth verse, Sherlock is playing along as though he’s always known the tune.
The man would have had to know who the poison was intended for so as not to deliver the wrong glass to the wrong individual. Otherwise, the results could be disaster—
The memory of that John—golden, god-like, brimming with the triumph of slaying the storm, stands in sharp contrast to the John before Sherlock now. He is still warm and golden but his brightness seems to have diminished slightly, or, not diminished but calmed, turned soothing and gentle—the comforting warmth of a low-burning hearth rather than the raging fire of an angry star.
Sherlock’s dreams are heavy and deep, carrying him far from the narrow bunk where he lies between John Watson’s arms, down into the shimmering landscape at the bottom of the sea.
His arms are crossed over his chest, his face is set, jaw lifted as though in challenge. There’s a hard and blazing quality to the gaze that he directs over the cannon to where the captain stands. The disapproval in his posture is as evident as if he were shouting it.
“I’d better get back to Ms. Grimsby anyway—my chaperone.” Miss Hooper clarifies, lips pursed in an expression of evident displeasure.
He talked about the people he knew, what it had been like, that life—so strange, as different from civilian life as the waking world was from the world of dreams, yet so natural when you were in it, full of its own unique monotonies and terrors and joys.
Apart from the lack of ornamentation, the room is typical of a captain’s cabin. There is a table by the stern windows where the captain dines with the higher-ranking officers, the surface of which is currently covered by maps and nautical charts, as well as a corked glass decanter of port and several glasses.
will be able to take—and he was right to be cautious, because even those first few gentle thrusts release a pleasure in him so intense that he loses all ability to do more than two things at once.
John’s tightening fingers on his shoulders and the quickened pace of his breath tell Sherlock that so far, he’s doing alright—but still he has to be sure, so he puts his mouth down beside John’s ear, and asks in a rough whisper: “Is that alright?”
“It means you’re also incredibly selfless,” John says, his voice hard with resolve. “To put yourself at risk like that, for all of our sakes, not just mine.”
Sherlock cannot help himself—he surges forward, half-unbuttoned waistcoat completely forgotten under his hands, to press his mouth to one gleaming shoulder—lips parting against the heat of John’s skin, tongue coming out to slide, smooth and wet over John’s chest down to the slightly darker skin of his nipple.
He finished zipping and stepped back. “After all, there must be some reason why he keeps you around. What is it about you he finds so appealing?” His fingers moved to touch John’s cheek. The touch was strange. It was how John imagined someone would touch a corpse, inquisitive, disturbed. “I suppose there is something potentially delicious about you. All that soft, stupid flesh…. makes me wonder how ordinary people taste.” He scraped his thumbnail over John’s bottom lip. “Maybe I should cut you open and find out. I’d share with Sherlock, of course. You’d like that wouldn’t you? Wouldn’t you, Johnny boy?”
Sherlock cannot live with himself if he does not show John the whole truth about himself, however ugly, however undeserving of John’s sunny regard.
Sherlock forces his eyes open, licks his dry lips and tries to speak, but when he opens his mouth all that comes out is a keening cry of pleasure as John’s fingers shift around him.
“I said to belay that order. There won’t be time for another delivery. There’s been a change of plans. I want this ship revictualled and ready to sail by eight bells tomorrow morning.”
Try as he might, he cannot fully wake. The walls of his cabin twist and bend, sometimes bleeding away altogether, and Sherlock looks out over the ocean, crystal blue and deep, stretching on and on forever until sky and sea become one entity.
Sherlock opens his eyes to find John looking at him with unbelievable tenderness. When he speaks, his voice is low and full of heat. “Yes, it is.”
“I know,” John says, his voice low, soothing, as he runs his hands back down Sherlock’s legs to pull off his boots.
The sailors are motionless they are listening so intently; the only movement among them is the slight flutter of their clothing as the wind moves over the deck. They may as well be a crowd of statues.
“No,” John shook his head. To his supreme embarrassment, he felt his eyes fill with tears. He blinked hard, felt the tangle of feelings in his chest seem to tighten suddenly around his heart, like someone pulling a knot into a length of rope. He wanted Sherlock to touch him like that all over—at the same time he felt like he didn’t deserve it. “No, it’s just—”
“Mmm… John.” His tone had definitely shifted. He said John’s name like it was an exotic treat, only to be savored on very special occasions. The heat of his breath was making the hair stand up on the back of John’s neck.
He doesn’t even care that several curious faces are studying him in response to Billy’s words, that some of the midshipmen are looking at him with narrowed eyes from where they’re standing by the forehatch, a crowd of female passengers peering at him curiously over the tops of their fans; none of that matters now, because all of a sudden, there coming through the crowd, is John Watson, eyes blazing, his face shining like the light of the sun itself is pouring out of him, and behind him in a great, cheering shouting mass are the other seven members of his mess, whooping and hollering in celebration.
Of course, it would just so happen that the most in tact portion of his brother’s note is the part that contains Mycroft’s warning to “keep his head down” and “not get involved.” Rereading the words, Sherlock can hear Mycroft’s smug, condescending tone as clearly as if he were standing before him.
“As much as it pains me to say this… I think it’s probably best if we change locations before we continue.”
He didn’t actually speak to any members of John’s mess—Stevens is part of the same watch but he’s on a different mess which means he’s under the command of a different midshipman—so
His body clenches, hips leaping forward into John’s hand as he comes—waves upon wave of pleasure coursing through him—the relief so sweet and overpowering he’s gasping with it, his body shuddering, his knees going weak beneath him, his fingers gripping at the front of John’s jacket like a drowning man. He feels John’s arms come up around him then, pulling Sherlock in against him as the last of his orgasm shakes through him.
John shakes his head. “Not all of them. There’s that family two doors down—I didn’t see them up on deck. And that elderly couple. There were lots of people probably still in their rooms. Besides, sound carries.” John rubs his hands down over his face and then holds them there for a long moment. “God, Sherlock, we’ve been too careless. It can’t go on like this.”
Sherlock nods, his concentration sharpening in light of the precise and difficult nature of the task.
Sherlock’s hips rolled against the mattress, seeking friction. He dragged his clenched fists up over his head. His breathing was ragged. “John Watson, you bloody tease.”
“Sherlock,” he said, and kissed the sharp curve of his cheek. “Sherlock...” His hands skimming up over his ribs to hold him under his shoulder blades, his open mouth pressing in against Sherlock’s temple, kissing each fluttering eyelid, tasting salt, the damp fringe of his eyelashes, sighing as both of Sherlock’s hands came up to clutch him by the shoulders, and pull John down against him in the water.
The pounding of the waves against the side of the ship, the shriek of the wind, and the intermittent screams of terrified passengers have become a miserable, relentless backdrop to Sherlock’s ailing body. He has no idea how long the ship has been pummeled by the waves; the time between now and when he first woke to the crash of the storm is a wretched blur of feverish-worry and sickness.
John’s heart was hammering in his chest. In his panic, he’d grasped the sides of the tub with his burned hands, and was now wincing at the result. The pain made him irritable and he didn’t bother to conceal the irritation in his voice.
It’s nearly evening now, which means John’s mess will be on duty, and the risk of Sherlock encountering anyone of them in Anderson’s presence is too great.
He has little interest in the meal in front of him but he thinks of John’s plea to him to eat something and the thought is enough to force him to grudgingly swallow several bites of food.
“Nothing.” John tightened his fingers around the key in his hand, felt its cold metal edges biting cruelly into his palm. “Just—” The rain was sending the blood stinging into John’s eye. “Can we do this inside?”
It was still early in the afternoon but Mrs. Hudson was clearly out. John knew she would have come inquiring at the sound of their awkward, shuffling tread on the stairs.
John’s hands clench on Sherlock’s arse, pulling him forward, so that Sherlock’s weight is bearing down on John’s thigh, finally giving Sherlock the friction he needs. The sudden movement causes the locket around Sherlock’s neck to swing forward between them, the change in position making Sherlock gasp, and he almost loses the rhythm of his stroking so perfect is the new angle at which his body is bending over John’s, connected thigh to hip.
Sherlock throws John an inquiring look, and without a word, John takes Sherlock’s hand in his and begins winding his way through the mass of people, until he has brought them both to the front of the crowd where they find an anxious-looking Lieutenant Dimmock standing by the helm. At the sight of him, Sherlock reflexively lets go of John’s hand.
Glancing down the muddy street that lines the wharf, and the flimsy wooden buildings that crowd together along it, Sherlock realizes that most of these buildings are taverns, or dens of vice of various kinds. He wonders suddenly how John’s messmates will know which one their fellow crewmembers have gone into, before realizing just as quickly that they probably do not care much either way.
John pulled away suddenly, his arms around Sherlock’s neck, his breath unsteady against Sherlock’s cheek. “It just occurred to me that I have no idea why you’re kissing me and I don’t even care. Should I care?”
It’s only the matter of a few minutes’ work to lead Molly to the abandoned space behind the foremast, where mercifully, no drunken individuals have yet set up camp—everyone is eagerly crowded around the fore hatch where Colonel Jackson is challenging members of the crew to an arm-wrestling match (he appears to be losing quite stupendously, but doing so in good spirits; the sound of his hearty laughter each time someone pins his arm echoing over the gold-stained ocean around them); and just a few minutes more to make his way up to the quarterdeck and report to Lieutenant Lestrade that there’s some trouble brewing that needs his immediate attention.
Even though it was not yet noon, the heaviness of the fog over the streets was so profound the street lamps were lit, burning like orange beacons through the gloom.
John let his thoughts drift back to Sherlock’s confession. The thought of Sherlock standing on the other side of the bathroom door, and imagining him in the water, made the pitch of his arousal begin to climb back toward something he could not suppress.
“God, it’s…” His own voice was lost in a groan as Sherlock’s mouth returned to the head of his cock and then paused, teasingly.
It had now been hours since they’d returned home from the warehouse and Sherlock had not once exited his room, or emitted a sound.
“That's easy—a man that ill and that badly wounded wouldn't have chosen to stay at sea for so long if he had a family at home.”
It doesn’t take long for Sherlock to lose himself completely in the task at hand. He is concentrating so hard on getting it right that the rest of the world recedes to a pleasant blur behind him. He can hear the voices of the men around him as they begin another song, John’s voice clearer than all the others, steady and rich at his side.
John’s tone is light, but Sherlock can hear the low pulse of anger in his voice that he is still trying to suppress. It makes Sherlock wonder with renewed interest
He drags his face downward until he finds John’s testicles, drawn up tight against his body. Sherlock licks at first one, then the other, curious, desperate to know what every part of John feels like under his tongue—to gain this new knowledge of John that is only available to him from this remarkable organ. He is tentative at first but when he hears John make a strained noise above him, he swallows the whole of one into his mouth, and experiences a sharp swoop of pleasure at the obscenity of what he is doing.
“He told me what happened to his fiancée, how he learned of her death in the first few days of his recovery and how much the news had affected him. I almost couldn’t believe it myself when I heard.”
John’s eyes flicker upward briefly as the voices above them grow suddenly in volume before sliding back down to Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock is suddenly grateful for the presence of the wall at his back because it’s becoming harder and harder to remain standing. He takes a step backward, dragging John with him by the grip on his shirt, determined not to break the kiss, still holding the infernal medical case in one hand, and is gratified when his shoulders hit cool stone.
Their kiss this afternoon had been so charged and brief that Sherlock hadn’t had a chance to enjoy the prospect of kissing John out of doors in the sunlight and the open air, but god, how different it would be, to have that freedom to touch each other whenever, wherever—without fear of risk.
“I know,” John says, his voice so filled with compassion it makes Sherlock’s heart turn over in his chest. “I know it is. There’s no need to be sorry. I suspected as much, or I should say, I
Sherlock’s eyes find John, straddling the foretopsail yard like some lazy god, leaning back with a grin on his face as Patterson punches his arm with good humor.
Oh, how foolish Sherlock has been all this time, to think that John’s hair, the color of his skin are such that they pick up the color of the light. No, no, he’s gotten it all wrong—John is the source of it, and here now, with John as alive as he can be in Sherlock’s hands, the light is pouring out of him, so hot, so bright that Sherlock can hardly stand to look at him without crying out.
Sherlock has always suffered from boredom, but now, confined to his cabin for hours at a time, staring endlessly at the same four wooden walls with nothing to occupy his mind, no sound around him other than the continuous, monotonous creaking of the ship and the occasional murmur of voices in the corridor, Sherlock’s overactive mind feels as though it will tear itself to pieces.
There’s no poetry in falling, no magic. It’s basic physics. You can’t outthink it: the acceleration of gravity, object striking ground, body meeting its inevitable end.
And then, he can’t help himself. He says his name, pouring all of his reassurance into that one syllable.
Sherlock stretches like a cat, pushing one pale wrist far above his head, his feet pushing the sheet off of his torso. He sits up, feeling dreamy, light-headed, and wonders what John is doing right at this moment. It is that question—and his eagerness to find the answer to it—that gives him the burst of energy he needs to propel him to his feet.
John went to put the kettle on and when he came back he moved a sheaf of papers aside so he could sit next to Sherlock on the sofa and take a closer look at him. He was clearly exhausted. He looked drawn and pale, paler than usual, with dark circles under his eyes.
It isn’t that he’s afraid of John; he knows John would never hurt him in a million years. But the rage coming off of him seems to vibrate in the air around him, the force of his anger so strong, it’s as palpable as the heat from an open flame, and Sherlock knows he must tread cautiously to avoid getting burned.
John straightens up then, and leans in to kiss the side of Sherlock’s neck, fingers alighting on the buttons of his waistcoat.
John carries Sherlock the two steps to his narrow bunk, and Sherlock is breathless with it, with the knowledge that John can lift him so effortlessly—even if it’s only to carry him two steps; even if there’s a distant part of him that’s telling him that he should be ashamed to be carried like this, like a swooning maiden—all pale limbs and flushing cheeks, ribbons sliding from her curls.
John’s words are lost in a gasp as Sherlock reaches down between John’s spread thighs and pushes his fingers in.
Don't worry! The next chapter is basically written! I was actually toying with the idea of posting both this chapter and the next as one long chapter but then it just got too long, and I decided it was better to give you at least the first half now, since it is done! So do not fret- there will be more very soon! ;))
“They’re just behind us. Here they are.” Lestrade fell into step beside him as John started walking toward the truck. “Thank God you were with him. He’s been out of control the last few days.”
Several of the candles around the room had burned down and melted into smoldering heaps of wax, so the room was darker than it had been before—lit almost entirely by the light of the fire.
John’s hand stays against him while he waits, and suddenly, Sherlock is flooded with the memory of the last time he thought about John’s hands on his body. He takes a deep breath, forces his mind to think cool, neutral thoughts as he turns to climb the next staircase.
Menacing as his words might be, there’s nothing Anderson can do to Sherlock now. He’s powerless; and Sherlock concentrates on the simple reassuring fact, pushing the creeping darkness away to focus instead on the sunny deck before him.
Sherlock feels a stab of panic at the realization that he might not be able to find Billy again today to deliver his response. He tugs at his neck cloth in agitation, fingers stilling as he’s struck with a sudden thought.
Sherlock clenches his fingers hard around the handle of the brush. He looks over at John in fear, his face on fire.
He reaches down to pull the fastenings apart, careful to keep his eyes all the while on John’s, feeling as he does so the weighted eroticism of the moment as John watches him push the fabric down his hips to reveal his own achingly full erection, relishing the sharp intake of John’s breath at the sight, the look of pure wonder in his eyes.
Sherlock reaches up to pull Anderson’s hands off of him but his grip is unyielding. Anderson’s face breaks into a sneer.
The other sailors are slapping each other on the back, telling stories, swapping jokes. There is a sense of comradeship between them that is evident even from where Sherlock is standing. They clearly talk to each other, relate to each other; enjoy one another’s company.
“This is the last part of the tour,” John says, turning away to gesture to the dark space they’ve entered. “Welcome to the orlop deck.”
Once again, John’s fists were clenching in the bed sheets, desperate for something to grab hold of, his heels digging into the mattress.
The fact that he’s entertaining such superstitious nonsense is surely a sign that boredom has begun to atrophy his mind, a realization which under normal circumstances would be horrifying to Sherlock, but for some reason, at the moment (probably as a result of his extreme fatigue) is strangely soothing.
Sherlock tugs the collar of his shirt far down so he can survey the full range of them, lifting a hand to trace his fingers over the sensitive flesh. He shivers at his own touch, feels blood pound unbidden into his cock, as he remembers now, in a flood of heat, what John said to him as he ground against Sherlock’s body with his own.
The man’s hand withdrew, his eyes now fixed on the length of John’s throat. “You’ll know the place, he says. Such lovely, lovely flesh. The room at the top of the house. You’ll go willingly, he says… if you want to see your Sherlock Holmes again.” His breathing thickened. John saw him lick his lips. “I’m sure he won’t mind if I make the smallest slice.”
Their tread will be heavy with weariness, but this morning there will be a watchfulness about them that if you knew enough to look for, you would be able to observe in their body language, in the careful way they hold their heads; in the lull in their conversation, which is usually boisterous at the end of a shift.
Sherlock watches John as he works, his eyes attentive to the muscles in John’s back that shift with every stroke of his arm, savoring the opportunity once again to see John’s body in the full light of the afternoon sun, rather than the weak glow from the lantern over Sherlock’s bed. He admires the dimples in John’s lower back, the way the curve of his spine picks up the gleam of the sun, and once again regrets that their time together in the cable tiers was so rushed and frantic. He didn’t have the chance he wanted to really appreciate John’s body under his hands.
John hadn’t even intended to say it. It was something he always felt—it was so much a part of his knowledge of himself that he hadn’t even had to think it through. So it had just come out. John hadn’t thought much of it but based on the intensity of Sherlock’s reaction of course it occurred to John that Sherlock maybe didn’t intuitively
He’s praying that John has been listening to the exchange and that he’ll take the opportunity to make his exit now that they’ve all filed into Sherlock’s room.
Sherlock isn’t certain exactly what the activity entails other than an extra ration of grog for the sailors. He could go and ask Lestrade, but doing so would involve a conversation in which Sherlock would have to explain how he’d come to be in possession of the information, which, he reluctantly determines, is probably best to avoid.
mean it, that the warm smile on his face is for her. Sherlock has talked about Molly a fair amount to John, and the fact that they are finally meeting makes something small and bright inside Sherlock flare to life.
He felt slightly overcome by how aroused he was—it was as though all his nerve-endings had been turned inside out—every brush of Sherlock’s lips, every wet press of his mouth resonated all through his body, so he could feel each touch everywhere at once, vibrating down to the center of himself, filling him up with warmth.
A wave of disapproval ripples through the crowd at this, and Sherlock remembers vividly the cast of John’s face, and his words when he’d told Sherlock that this job was by far the most unpleasant on any ship.
“I’ll keep an eye on her,” Deverall says then, his gaze flickering back to Sherlock. “I imagine you and Watson have much to occupy yourselves with….”
He isn’t about to tell Molly what she should or should not do. She’s clever enough to make that decision on her own without Sherlock condescending to her.
“Good evening,” Sherlock whispers, as though he needs to use a reverent tone for the god that has surely tumbled straight out of the heavens and into his bed.
His arousal crests in a sudden unbearable pitch, and he draws his knees up until his feet are flat against the mattress, opening his body to John in an unabashedly obscene gesture, forcing John to sit back slightly so as not to lose his purchase on both parts of Sherlock.
There was also something about the theatrical nature of their surroundings that felt very appropriate to the close of this particular case. The sheer opulence of the opera house, so crowded with gold filigrees, marble statues and chandeliers it felt like it might choke on its own Baroque extravagance, was perfectly suited to the nature of LaRoue’s crimes—a man who had not only embezzled vast sums of money himself, but who was responsible for setting up an international network to help wealthy clients hide billions of dollars in assets from tax authorities.
Sherlock stroked him in long, even strokes, his tongue in John’s mouth moving in time with his hand, his thighs tightening around John’s body as he shifted closer, his long legs coming to wrap around John’s back.
He has to let go of Sherlock in order to shrug his jacket off his shoulders, and Sherlock makes a petulant noise at the sudden distance between their bodies, at the absence of John’s hands against him.
John turned to the other man to raise his glass. The eyes in his mask were slanted in a sorrowful expression. They made a strange contrast with the mechanical detailing on the rest of the face—the cold, blank surface of the mask disturbed by the violent emotion of the eyes.
All thoughts of discretion, based on the fact that he and Sherlock were in a carriage on a public street in the middle of the day, fled from John’s mind. Or if he was aware of the fact it only served to heighten his lust.
Sherlock can hear the sound of the others good-naturedly jeering at John for reaching his station first. He cannot make out John’s response over the shouts of the boatswain on deck but he can see the flash of John’s grin as they finally join him, and the rippling sound of his laughter is as refreshing to Sherlock as rain out on the sunny deck.
They are so numerous, each so delightful in turn that Sherlock finds it’s only been minutes since John left and already he’s fully hard again, a deep ache in the center of his belly as he thinks about everything that passed between them.
“What is it, my love?” His voice is bright with tension. Sherlock can hear the effort it takes him to speak.
“And I let it happen. I didn’t try and stop him.” He flexed his fingers into fists above his head. He swallowed hard, forced himself to keep speaking. “I didn’t fight it because I knew he was right.”
John slices it into three sections, and then makes a series of deft cuts in one of the sections, before handing it to Sherlock. The fruit on the inside is a rich golden yellow.
Shutting his eyes, he pressed his forehead to the cool glass of the window, not caring if he got blood on the glass.
John’s words send a current of longing through Sherlock so strong he feels a physical ache beneath his ribs.
“I hope that lot wasn’t giving you any trouble.” John gestures with a jerk of his head to the other end of the bar.
Sherlock shifted beneath him, and reluctantly, John sat up, his thighs trembling violently as he moved back to sit on his knees. Sherlock turned over and John saw with a flash of guilt that his chest was marked from where he’d been slammed repeatedly into the table. However, he was secretly pleased to see several bruises already visible on Sherlock’s neck.
One lazy seagull interrupts the endless blue of sea and sky, the crisp white lines of its wings held immobile, unmoving, as it hovers in the ship’s wake.
He should have known. Should have known that the utter bliss of the last few hours—waking up next to Sherlock, the fantastic sex, lying around together, taking a break from fucking only long enough to eat breakfast before going back to it again—was too good to last. It had felt impossible, too good to be true, and of course, it was. All his worries, all the terrors of the outside world had temporarily vanished in the cozy interior of 221B, but they hadn’t really vanished.
Sherlock imagines how John would look at him if could hear Sherlock play—the way his eyes might crinkle at the corners with joy, or perhaps go smooth with contentment and peace—the way the light might pour out of him like when he smiles at Sherlock.
John thrashed, wild, desperate, a guttural moan pulled from his throat. The abrupt movement caused the edge of the blade to sink in.
“So I was.” John leans forward to recapture Sherlock’s mouth. “But I should have known we would never make it to the water once you started undressing.”
And then the men are pouring back in around Sherlock, someone slinging an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders to steer him towards the main mast.
Instead, he sits at his desk, recklessly burning down the remainder of one of his candles as he works over John’s composition, poring over the score he’s written.
John’s answering laugh is so joyful, so reminiscent of his usual buoyant spirit that Sherlock feels his mouth breaking into a grin again.
He looks at John with dismay. “I can’t go lie down! We only have so many hours left, John! I can’t afford to waste any of them
Meanwhile the captain’s eyes continue to scrutinize the scene before him, his expression cold and impassive, but deadly. Sherlock recognizes it as the blank look of the reptile as it digests its prey.
He thought at first it was maybe something he could ignore. John had experienced unrequited desire in the past and he’d always come out on the other side relatively unscathed. However, with Sherlock it was different. For one thing, he’d never been
John’s hands clutched at Sherlock’s arms—if he hadn’t been so anchored by Sherlock at every point, he might have been afraid he was going to drift away, so intense was the mounting tide of his pleasure.
John swallows, eyes still closed, and Sherlock watches the movement of his throat, the way the tears have begun to snake their way down his neck, glittering in the half-light when he moves, and Sherlock finds himself stricken with the beauty of the man before him, stunned that even here, now, in this moment of supreme sorrow John can look so heart-breakingly beautiful.
John’s fingers make short work of the ties and buttons, his lips skimming the edge of Sherlock’s jaw as he pushes the material down Sherlock’s hips.
Molly notices it too. She shifts her grip on the handle of her parasol, careful to keep her voice low as she looks around the deck.
Equally breathless, Sherlock nodded and complied, this time thrusting up against John with more force so that his erection rubbed against John’s, which was straining against the fabric of his trousers.
John tugged Sherlock’s limp form close against his chest, pulling him almost into his lap, and he clung to John as though he still didn’t believe that John was staying, didn’t trust that John was really there.
“Like what?” Sherlock asks, sitting all the way up so he can hold John’s other hip with his free hand. Now he is holding John’s body between both of his hands. It feels right. He likes the way his long white fingers look framing John’s golden hips. It looks like something beautiful.
“I can’t… promise to be anyone’s friend,” Sherlock says honestly. “I’m not sure that I know how but—” He hurries on to assuage the flash of disappointment in Miss Hooper’s eyes. “I’d like to get to know you better… if I may. If you’ll permit me that is.”
Feeling Molly stiffen beside him at her aunt’s words, Sherlock lets go of her arm with reluctance; perhaps he’s gone too far. The last thing he wants is to make Molly suffer more than she already has.
It’s a bit how he feels after sex with John, all of his senses heightened, opening to the world, blooming like flowers in the heat of the sun—that’s how John makes him feel—his presence is as affecting as this beautiful beach, as the sun itself.
Sherlock released his hold on John’s arms to shrug out of his coat and before John could ask what he was doing, Sherlock had placed it around his shoulders.
“But. All that is to say, when I choose to go to bed with someone, I mean it. It’s never as a substitute. And what’s more…” And here John takes a deep breath, and Sherlock realizes he has no idea what John is going to say. “It’s different with you, Sherlock. I’ve had… well, you know about Mary. She was more of a dream than she ever was a real presence in my life but… there’s only been one other person who’s ever made me feel the way I do with you. He taught me… a great deal about myself during a very difficult time in my life.”
“Oh yes,” John breathes as Sherlock’s mouth slides up over the heel of his hand, pausing to press a kiss to the fragile skin on the inside of his wrist, his tongue coming out to taste John’s fluttering pulse. “It was better—much better.”
He tries not to think about the stench of the bilge water that John is immersed in and the closeness of the air, how difficult it must be for him to breathe in the warm, fetid darkness; how his back and shoulders must ache from the ongoing labor, how his mind must be screaming for something to occupy itself with.
He moans into John’s mouth, pushing his hips up in answer to meet the rhythm that John has established, feeling the pleasure that’s rising within him begin to reach its ascent.
By the time he had finished, his head was throbbing from the intensity of his concentration, the wound over his swollen eye beating a hot tattoo of pain. He covered the stitches with a fresh bandage, and then stood up slowly, stripping the gloves from his hands.
“But it wasn’t a conscious decision I was making—coming onto you like that. It was just… what I wanted.” Sherlock’s eyes fell away again, staring into the fire. “I’d like to tell you I never would never have done that had I been in my right mind but… then I’d be lying, wouldn’t I?” Sherlock’s eyes flickered back to John’s, this time, full of shame. “That’s exactly what I did to you the night of the fire.”
He wants to tell John that Ms. Simpson’s room is next door, that the hole leads to the space under her bed, so he’ll be alright as long as he hides under there, but the footsteps have come to a halt outside Sherlock’s door, and now there’s a sharp knock on the wood.
All true and yet all of his words, every one, failing utterly to convey the truth of what John is—what John means to him.
The reverberations this caused sent a jolt of feeling from the tip of John’s cock down to his balls and the angry reprimand he was about to issue Sherlock promptly died on his lips completely forgotten, washed away in a pulsing tide of lust.
There’s no sign of the two sailors who have just been searching the hold. And this realization, combined with the captain’s presence on the quarterdeck, gives Sherlock an idea.
He sits up on his elbows to give himself a better angle and the change in position must be good because as soon as he sits up, his eyes are fluttering shut again; Sherlock can see the whole of his throat flushed with heat when his head drops back.
He is shaking with the force of it, so swift, so all encompassing that for one frightening moment Sherlock fears he will be carried away with it and lost, unable to come back to himself; but then, he is crashing back to earth and into the awareness of his body with shattering abruptness.
Sherlock can feel himself beaming in the wake of John’s praise. Even if it’s a silly thing for John to commend him for, Sherlock can’t help basking in its presence. John’s approval means everything to him—even over Sherlock’s first paltry efforts at physical labor.
John was almost asleep when Sherlock broke the silence with a quiet voice. "You know I used to fantasize about you in the bath."
At the mention of Moriarty, rage blackens the corner of John’s vision. He tastes blood in his mouth. He spits it into Moran’s face.
As he drifts off he thinks how strange it is that they should be lying here like this, so tangled up in one another he cannot tell where Sherlock ends and he begins. What does this mean for them in the days ahead?
He moves among them without speaking, like some kind of pale apparition that they may sense but cannot see. If he looks especially downcast, it’s certainly not the first time they’ve seen him that way.
“What about you?” John asks, taking another drink from his flask before screwing the cap back on. “I’m sure you have many, many talents—”
Hearing the warm timber of approval in John’s voice makes the last shred of Sherlock’s self-consciousness about his desires evaporate in a shimmer of heat. He feels longing pour through him.
Sherlock approaches the desk, suddenly painfully aware of the slime still coating his shirtsleeves, and probably trailing from his boots—this was not the ideal time to come stealthily search the captain’s rooms, but he’ll have to make due.
John put his hands over his eyes, his heart pounding. It’s difficult to think past the pain in his head.
Sherlock pulled back just far enough that John could hear his murmured words, before moving his mouth up kiss to the inside of John’s wrist. “God, John, I can’t… I couldn’t—John, promise me. Promise me you won’t ever leave.”
Maybe if Sherlock hadn’t been the one to find him, if Sherlock had never seen him like that, maybe he could try and get past it. If he’d had time to cover up his wounds, to bury the humiliation that Moriarty had dragged out of him before going to Sherlock, maybe then it would have been all right. But there was no going back now, no covering over what Sherlock had seen. He had seen the truth about John that Moriarty had pulled out of him and thrust forward into the light, like a cancer he’d exposed by carving John open.
He rolls over, dragging the sheets up underneath his chin. He squeezes his eyes shut tight, tries valiantly to sleep, because John said so, and John knows what’s best, willing himself not to think about any of it, but when he pushes his face into the pillow he smells John, as sure as if he were there himself.
His eyes travel from the roots of Sherlock’s hair down to his boots and Sherlock feels heat follow in the wake of John’s gaze, making him blush harder than ever.
And now, even in John’s absence, the feeling remains. His skin feels thin—translucent even, humming with the memory of John’s touch. His body feels so new to him, feels different, full of possibility. He never knew he was capable of so much feeling.
He wasn’t sure what led him to Sherlock’s chair, and he hoped for one wild, uncertain moment that Sherlock wouldn’t feel demeaned by the gesture, but then Sherlock was twisting in against him, pushing his face into John’s neck.
Sherlock feels the smile fade from his lips. The evening certainly hasn’t gone the direction Sherlock thought it would, and in spite of his relief that Lestrade will be all right, he feels a surge of disappointment at the realization that now he and John must part ways.
“You did that on purpose, didn’t you?” John said, and his voice was only a little bit breathless. Sherlock still hadn’t lifted his hand from the back of John’s neck.
Ms. Grimsby sniffs condescendingly, shifting in her chair. “Some of us have absolutely no interest in leaving the ship. We wouldn’t want to mix with such
Sherlock can feel the line of tension in John’s body as he struggles to keep his movements careful and controlled, but Sherlock doesn’t want that. He wants all of John—he wants John to let go completely.
Sherlock sat up, breathing hard. “Top left dresser drawer in my bedroom. There’s a bottle of lube. Go get it.”
It is now glaringly apparent to Sherlock just how flimsy of an excuse it was he told himself to get up on deck in order to see John, and he turns to make his way back to the gangway, his head heavy with defeat.
His last-minute decision to give Sherlock what he asked for was clearly an attempt to demonstrate that he can do whatever he wants, at any point in time; it’s a blatant reminder to Sherlock that the man’s power on board the ship is absolute.
His cousins were always convinced he cheated. Once they got so angry they dragged him out back and tied him to a birch tree. They snapped off the branches to make switches and struck him on his arms, on his stomach, until he told them how he cheated. He got so angry his face turned bright red, but he refused to lie so they kept on beating him until he was covered all over with welts, his swollen cheeks streaming with angry tears.
The men are being called to their stations, and Sherlock feels a thrill move through him as his eyes find John, already halfway up the ratlines and reaching for the cables as he makes his way to his post in the foretop.
The thought that he is naked save for the silver chain around his throat, the intricate locket lying heavy against his chest, warmed by the flush of his skin, while John is bending half-clothed above him makes a thrill of arousal move through him so sharp and all-encompassing he feels slightly dizzy in the aftermath.
John let his hands slide up Sherlock’s sides and experienced a thrill of pleasure as his fingers rippled over the sweat on Sherlock’s ribs. He spread his hands and felt the rapid rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest beneath them as his breathing picked up. Sherlock’s skin was hot. John leaned forward and pressed his face to the sweat-slick skin of Sherlock’s belly.
He drops himself back against the pillow, his breathing quick and shallow, his entire body trembling with need.
“Enough of that!” Dimmock shouts, going red again. His voice is barely audible above the din. “I repeat—have I made myself clear?”
As Sherlock follows John down the stairs, he finds that John’s dangerous mood has the same effect on him that it always does: despite the lingering sick feeling left in the wake of Stevens’ gaze, Sherlock finds his arousal returning to him as he watches the neat, angry movements of John’s body as he climbs down into the darkness and is gradually swallowed up by the shadows.
He remembers being treated to a few dried-out husks of an orange one night after supper, not long after the ship left Madeira. He cannot say he’s enjoyed anything that’s ever been put before him on the ship’s table, but he remembers forcing himself to eat those few slices slowly, with the knowledge that he did not know the next time he would see fruit of any variety.
He opened his eyes and focused on the details of the room around him, letting the familiar shapes and shadows ground him in the present. Although it was the middle of the afternoon, the murk of the overcast day outside made it impossible to determine what time it was. It was as if the gloom that hung over the city, the gloom at the center of that decaying house, had followed him home and was pressing in at the windows, rubbing its shoulders against the glass, trying to reach him.
John bent forward, letting his mouth follow in the wake of his hands to press tiny kisses to the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. He kept his kisses purposefully soft and light, his lips hardly touching the skin before he lifted them away to let fall another gentle kiss. The effect this had on Sherlock was exactly as John had hoped—he began to squirm beneath John’s mouth.
Sherlock would be worried he has hurt John as his neck arches against the mattress, eyebrows drawn together as though in pain, but then he hears the words issuing from between John’s lips, soft and desperate, repeated over and over like an invocation.
Sherlock feels John go still against him, the worry on his face suddenly supplanted by a look of deadly calm.
Warnings this chapter for a crime scene of an extremely graphic and disturbing nature, including implications of past-torture/mutilation. There is also brief mention of sexual assault/rape.
It’s several long minutes before he feels calm enough again to lift his head off his knees and let himself consider what he just overheard.
He kisses Sherlock again and Sherlock feels his soul rise up to his mouth as he pours everything he is feeling into this kiss.
Sherlock takes the locket in his fingers, studies the intricate pattern of the interlocking letters, the sweeping curves that twine together like the vines that grow up around young trees. “It’s so beautiful,” he whispers.
He turns to walk away, and Sherlock, remembering the square of paper tucked in his breast pocket, calls after him, attempting once again to affect the tone of someone young and impossibly naïve.
John pulls back when Sherlock goes soft against him—all the tension falling from him at once, his legs sliding from where they were locked around John’s back, his body feeling suddenly boneless, but also weightless, as if any second he might float away.
The man’s medical case is sitting out in plain sight, and it takes Sherlock less than a minute to locate the bottle he needs and pull it out from its place among the rest. The sleeping man does not stir as Sherlock gently replaces the lid of the wooden case and slips, without a sound, from that fetid room and back through the shadows of the orlop deck to the stairs.
He watches John’s eyes move over the contours of his face, tracing every curve, every line. There is something infinitely tender in the way he seems to be studying Sherlock now, but Sherlock can still see traces of that deep sorrow in his gaze.
His pleas for John’s life—his desperate bargaining to some unknown powerful entity—have become increasingly nonsensical as Sherlock’s sickness worsens. His worry for John’s safety has slipped into an indistinguishable misery from his own fever-wracked body. He is certain now that they all will drown, that the ship will be pulled beneath the waves. The fury of the storm is now so great that Sherlock must hold, white-knuckled, to the edge of his bunk to keep from being thrown to the floor.
Sherlock dives back down, grinning now around John’s cock, thrilled by the vulgarity of John’s language—he’s never heard him talk so filthily in his presence, and it’s something about that unguarded quality to John that permits him to talk this way now, Sherlock is certain of it.
Sherlock finds a tucked away corner on the portside of the deck, out of sight of the men on watch, and squints up at the sky.
John scooted forward until he was sitting on the edge of the bed, so he could have more room to maneuver.
The horror in his expression at this suggestion must be all too clear because John is reaching up to lay a soothing hand on his shoulder.
It’s childish to react like this, he knows—but that doesn’t mean he knows how to stop himself from feeling this way.
It’s alarming how easily he manages this; how futile are Sherlock’s struggles to twist free of his grip.
It must be a combination of the heat and the fact that he is worn out from worrying, the anxiety of waiting stretching him too thin, like a cord pulled taut, ready to snap at any moment.
John grins at him, fully, the corners of his mouth lifting with pride. “That’s good. I’ll have to show you a few more defensive moves the next time I get the chance.”
“Good. Now get to it. Holmes—I want you off this deck and out of my sight. I’m sick of you meddling in the running of this ship. This isn’t a parlor game for your enjoyment. This is
“I’ll tell you then,” John says, his voice as quiet as a shadow, as deep with feeling as the sea beneath their feet. “I’ll tell you what the real trouble is.”
doing—the fact that he had to prevent himself from acting to come to Sherlock’s aid.  That combined with having to do what Anderson said—how it would have grated on him, all through the long hours of work, Sherlock knows too well.
John exhaled angrily through his nose. He was very seriously considering biting Sherlock’s fingers when Sherlock suddenly spun him around and pushed him up against the brick wall behind him. He kept one hand on John’s mouth, and used his other hand to pin John’s wrist in place at his side. He leaned into John with his body, his eyes on the dim stretch of alley just beyond the alcove.
Sleep comes to claim him before John has finished singing, tiptoeing up behind Sherlock to draw him down into deep dreams.
I know it's been almost two months since I posted anything new, but seeing as this chapter is suuuuper long (it's almost the length of two chapters, really!), I'm hoping you'll forgive me. Anyway- happy reading!
But instead of being distracted by his own arousal, he finds that if he follows it—like a thread to guide him in the dark—it takes him exactly where he needs to go. It’s like the experience of writing music; allowing himself to move without fear from note to note.
“Disciplinary action taking place on the upper gun deck. All members of the crew are required to be in attendance.”
He feels panic fill him, swift and irrational—like a sudden storm in summer—and there’s nothing he can do to stop it; it’s as powerful and inexorable as the current of the ocean dragging him down.
Sherlock inhales sharply. The feeling of John’s calloused palms holding him, then kneading deliberately into the muscled flesh draws a moan from deep within him. He claws at the material of John’s jacket, dragging John closer against him as he pushes back into the pressure of John’s hands, feeling utterly wanton and not caring in the slightest.
“Would you—would you like some water?” Sherlock flush deepens at the utter banality of this offer, but he cannot think what else to say, what else he has that he can give to John.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted again. He didn’t look up from the screen. “My, my, what a risk they took prescribing such strong painkillers to a former addict.”
Sherlock tries again to lean around John to see what it is John has set on the floor, and John makes a small stern noise.
Just where the buildings begin, there is a long jetty stretching out into the waters of the bay, boats moored all along its length, its wooden boards bristling with people, all speaking different languages, wearing clothing Sherlock has never seen before in an array of vibrant colors.
Sherlock seized John by his other arm and pushed his jacket off his shoulder to reveal the torn and blood stained sleeve of his jumper beneath.
This remark—finally—has a sobering effect. Sherlock takes a deep breath, and nods, his mind filling suddenly with the names of all of those onboard who definitively
Sherlock leaves the breakfast table irritated by the reappearance of Miss Hooper’s melancholy smile, furious with himself that he did not take greater advantage of the time he had with her yesterday. He should have stopped to consider the fact that an opportunity such as it was would not arise often. And now the poor girl is trapped in her aunt’s dull company again.
Remarkably, Sherlock has managed to keep up to speed with the other sailors. He’s just finishing the section in front of him, when there’s a shout from the man at the end of line, and all the sailors cross over to the portside rail to continue working.
It’s just like in the dream—which wasn’t a dream—John can’t control his sorrow and his rage. He’s sobbing so hard he can’t see. All the terror, all the grief of the last few months is throbbing through him and he howls into Sherlock’s chest like a wild thing.
“Fuck me, John,” Sherlock said, his voice breathless and so low John felt it deep in his own chest. His hands were braced against the mattress and he pushed back into John harder, rutting against him like an animal in heat.
“Y-your mouth around my…” He licks his lips, his cheeks flushing hard. He’s momentarily overcome with self-consciousness.
“I was the one who pointed out that this time would be best because Andersen isn’t on duty,” Billy adds, looking so full of pride now that Sherlock is afraid he may burst. “They said I could help keep a look out.”
After this chapter, I feel like I should change the title of this story to something like "Angst Festival at Sea." But I promise things will get better- eventually.
He does not intend to sound quite so needy but there’s an unmistakable pleading quality to his final words, and that is apparently all the encouragement John needs.
The question came out of John’s mouth before he could really think about it. “What you said before… that night… about not appreciating fine wines? Was that true?”
But it seems once Sherlock has shared his first dark, troubling preoccupation, he cannot stop himself from telling John the rest.
They move together as one seamless unit, but there is nothing mechanical in the way that they dance—their movements are fluid and quick, and there is such joy, such energy in their steps, in the way that they turn together, one dancer’s foot replacing the other faster than Sherlock’s eyes can follow, the woman’s skirt swirling out behind her in a flash of color.
Sherlock sucks his cheeks in and slowly pulls his mouth back up and off, remembering from previous experience the effect this has on John.
Sherlock reads the words so quickly at first that they have no meaning. He has to read the entire message several times—he does not know how many—before the letters take on individual shapes and become recognizable as words.
John leans closer, but he’s still miles away—the shadows that separate him from Sherlock lengthening by the second. "If I had the chance to do it all again, to go back and drag you off that bloody rooftop, I would. I'd do it in a heartbeat. And if it meant never meeting Mary... I wouldn't look back.” The incision of John’s whisper is as fine as a scalpel, slicing its way into Sherlock’s heart. “I'd have no regrets."
She’s said that she considers him a friend, but Sherlock doesn’t have much experience in that area. The only friends he’s ever had all turned out to be false ones. They all turn on him in the end, for one reason or another.
—Sherlock can feel the twitch of his cock as his body stiffens and he has to pull off slightly to keep from choking, but he feels the first warm burst of John’s release against his tongue, and he feels something primal go off in him at the sensation, making him swirl his tongue around the head and then pull all the way off so he can lick, open-mouthed over the slit of John’s cock.
But internally, he’s beaming from head to foot. He feels as though his chest will burst with happiness.
Sherlock is forced to make his way back through the throng of party guests on his way to the deck, and he has to squirm breathlessly past several people in order to reach the door to the outside. It is moments like these that Sherlock is thankful he is thin as a rail, with knobby elbows perfect for digging into people’s ribs.
John’s thighs clenched around Sherlock as he arched up against him, fingers digging into Sherlock’s shoulder blades, his head tipping back against the mattress, the room lost around him in an explosion of light.
Sherlock imagines John’s breath, warm against his ear; his mouth tucked in close, asking Sherlock, “Is this alright? Am I being too rough?” and Sherlock’s answer is one long exhalation of pleasure, sinking back into John with gratitude, his bones like butter.
John clenched Sherlock tighter between his thighs, digging his fingers into the flesh of his buttocks and rutting up against him.
He decides to start by exploring the base of it with his mouth—putting his face down close to it and inhaling deeply. He feels John’s body jerk in response.
And Sherlock cannot help but agree. He isn’t worth it. He isn’t worth all this trouble, all this potential suffering. He should be reasonable about this—he should stop the ridiculous plan before it starts, save them all the trouble.
Sherlock takes a long drink, his eyes on John’s throat as he swallows. He feels slightly breathless when he lowers his tankard again to turn back to the music. Distracted, he wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, eyes intent on the trio of musicians.
He found he was panting just as hard as Sherlock now. His cock was so hard it was aching, leaving a trail of pre-come where it was stretched taut against his stomach.
And then she’s laughing, the sound musical and full of light and Sherlock feels his own smile growing irrepressibly wider.
Sherlock looks up, breathless, and then gasps out in relief as he is met with the steady blue gaze of John Watson.
John turned to look at him. The other guest was only a little taller than himself, slender, and dressed in an expensive black tux. His dark hair was slicked back from his face, the entirety of which was obscured by a metallic silver mask, its surface covered in dark scrollwork.
Sherlock shuts his eyes, guilt crashing over him again with such violence that for a moment he fears he may be sick.
fantasize about Sherlock; that would only make things worse. He would stop this thing in its tracks before it got out of hand. He fell back asleep with his fists clenched at his sides.
Sherlock’s head is tipped back; his neck is extended, lost in the sensation of John’s strong fingers working through the thick curls. It’s almost as good as John kissing him.
John reaches down for Sherlock’s hand, which is lying motionless between them, palm up. He traces a finger over Sherlock’s palm and down to the tip of his middle finger. Sherlock shivers at the touch.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “Please. Spare me the histrionic display of your own importance. There are better uses for all of our time, I’m sure.”
Some distant part of him is aware that he should probably be feeling sorry for this midshipman, whoever he is, but he’s too distracted by thoughts of John to spend more than a moment thinking of it.
And then he’s gone, up the hatchway to the deck where the roundhouse cabins house the highest-paying passengers.
something about it, to make sure he can prevent it from happening next time. He needs to be able to fight back.
But perhaps John can sense Sherlock’s curiosity because he goes on to add, his voice softer, “I don’t know for certain how long you’ve been sick. I came to check on you as soon as the storm was over and found you burning up with fever. That was late yesterday afternoon. I didn’t think…”
It was only now that he realized how he felt, that he began to notice how close he had drifted. This realization would have been jarring enough on its own but because the knowledge had come to him from Moriarty, something about John’s desire felt perverse. Somehow, his arousal was all tangled up in the whole nightmarish experience.
John gave a yelp of surprised laughter and felt some of the tension go out of his body. “I never knew you had such an affinity for champagne.”
Any minute now, it should be any minute now. He knows by the light—thin and insubstantial and grey—that it is time. Where is that damned bell?
Molly’s gloom seems to visibly deepen at her chaperone’s words. Sherlock is certain she was looking forward to the chance to leave the ship as much as any of them. But it seems Ms. Grimsby will make Molly’s leaving the ship absolutely out of the question.
Against his better judgment, he lets himself consider the question that has been gnawing at the back of his brain all day.
He hasn’t played since the night of the sailor’s party almost a week ago, and the realization brings with it a sweet rush of memories from that evening, of the way it felt to play so fully and so freely, with so much joy in the company of others; of John’s face watching him, beaming, from across the room.
John spends the rest of his free hour showing Sherlock how to do a series of exercises that will help strengthen his arms.
She could be just like all the others. In truth he doesn’t know her well at all, but what stops him from leaving, what keeps him there, is the thought of John, what John would think, if Sherlock left this poor, sad, lonely girl to the dreary company of her domineering chaperone.
Of course, both extremes of Sherlock’s personality had the potential to make John insensate with rage. Another way to characterize Sherlock just after a case was lazy. John couldn’t get him to do anything useful around the house, but then again, nor could he get the Sherlock who was manically working on a case to do any of those tasks either.
He began wiping at the dried blood under Sherlock’s nose, very gently, conscious of the fact that Sherlock wasn’t looking at him—his eyes were fixed on a point somewhere over John’s left shoulder.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered for the briefest moment to John, before returning to hold Lestrade’s gaze.
He can feel his body seizing up against John’s as pleasure overtakes him, his hips driving forward into John’s hand, John’s fingers clenching hard on his arse as he shoots his release, hot between their bodies.
Sherlock says nothing, feels once again like a petulant child, embarrassed by the force of his emotion, unable to stop it.
He works at it late into the night, hunched over the paper, pages and pages of notes spiraling out of him until his candle burns itself to nothing and he lights another, disregarding the fact that he may regret this decision later. He only has so many candles to his disposal on the voyage. But for the moment, Sherlock doesn’t care. He couldn’t stop writing even if he was dragged from the tabletop.
And then of course, Sherlock had almost killed himself in his sleep-deprived mania, tearing his leg open on that barbed wire fence.
“No, John, listen. I know it doesn’t excuse my behavior but you should know that… I was conflicted. I knew you wanted me, but I couldn’t understand why you weren’t acting on your desires. It didn’t… it didn’t make sense. But I knew you were uncomfortable with it—I knew you wanted to pretend like it wasn’t… like it wasn’t happening. You wanted to ignore it. So I endeavored to ignore it, too.”
There’s a general hollering of consensus and his surrounding messmates shove the protesting sailor to his feet. His head is down as he approaches the foremast but John gives him a reassuring clap on the shoulder when he arrives, pulling him close to say something in his ear which Sherlock can only assume are words of encouragement, because the boy looks up grinning a moment later, and sits down to take the guitar looking significantly less nervous.
“I… should have said something earlier in the evening, as soon as I noticed it but…” John sighs and the sound is full of regret. “I was hoping maybe I had imagined it, that I had… misinterpreted somehow. But I realize now I should have said something right away. It isn’t fair to either of us. In all honesty, I think I was trying to pretend like I hadn’t seen anything, hoping maybe that I’d imagined it. As though wishing it could change things.”
Sherlock draws in a slow deep breath and holds it in his lungs for as long as he can manage before letting it out.
John hummed his assent. Sherlock’s voice sounded just as lovely and echoey as he had hoped. The conditioner smelled as expensive and fragrant as its shampoo counterpart, and felt just as nice being massaged into his hair by Sherlock’s talented fingers. John didn’t know much about it either way—he never bothered with conditioner.
John smoothes them away with his thumbs. “Oh god, Sherlock, please don’t cry. It isn’t—it’s just—” John’s voice is agonized. “You’ve got to stop doing this. It isn’t your fault, all right? There’s something wrong with him. I don’t know why he’s taking it out on you—he’s jealous of you, I think, insecure. But it isn’t
Sherlock has seen John without his shirt before—more times than he can count, and to be sure, he has savored every instance—but this time is different. This time it’s John baring himself for Sherlock’s eyes alone, and this realization, coupled with the sight of John’s muscular shoulders, the swell of his biceps as he drops his shirt beside the bed, the ripple of his abdominal muscles as he twists back around, is enough to make Sherlock moan, long and low, and bite down on his lip.
He scooted down on the bed so that he was lying flat on his belly between Sherlock’s thighs. Hooking his hands under Sherlock’s knees, he pulled them up and apart until Sherlock’s feet were settled flat on the mattress. He looked up at Sherlock through his bent knees, offering a sly smile in response to Sherlock’s questioning look.
He allows himself one last look, one last moment full of misery to say farewell to all that now can never be, before he fills in the hole, covering all of it savagely with dirt.
The evidence of their continual abuse was manifold. The cages were filthy, the stench of blood and feces hanging in the air like a palpable presence. There were treadmills for training the dogs, chains strung from the ceiling to suspend them by their jaws, as well as large stockpiles of steroids the dogs were injected with to amplify their strength and aggression.
Walking is proving more complicated than Sherlock remembers; he feels shockingly unsteady on his feet—like a newborn fawn just learning to walk—and it isn’t just the fact that they’ve finally made it to shore, or the disorienting irreality of the whole situation—no, the ground actually feels like it’s rolling beneath him, as though the land has somehow taken on the heaving pitch and sway of the ocean.
The idea of John’s heart being replaced with a piece of the ship fills Sherlock with unspeakable dread. There is too much truth in it.
There was something vaguely impossible about seeing Sherlock asleep and it occurred to John that although of course he knew that Sherlock slept, he had never been able to imagine it. Whenever he tried to picture it, he saw Sherlock in a meditative pose with his eyes shut, fingers steepled beneath his chin, or Sherlock sitting in lotus position on his bed, his spine perfectly straight, staring directly ahead. He had never been able to come up with an image of the impossibly energetic man not moving long enough to fall asleep if he wasn’t thinking.
But somehow, it does nothing to diminish the intensity of his arousal, and as soon as the voices pass, the sound of footfalls fading from the stairs, his fingers tighten on John’s arms, and like a statue returning to life, John moves again, his chest animated by the sudden exhalation of his breath, his palm circling once more over the head of Sherlock’s cock.
“My god, Sherlock. There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you. You know that, don’t you? Tell me you know that.”
“I know exactly what you need,” Stevens says, hand dropping between his legs in a sudden unbelievably crass gesture.
He tilts John’s head back, puts his mouth over John’s, pinches his nose closed and breathes into his lungs.
clean and if the activities that Sherlock is hoping will transpire actually do, well… there are certain places that he wants to be
“My god, you’re beautiful like this,” John says, kissing a drop of sweat trickling down his temple, his tongue coming out to lap at the spot—sending a shudder through Sherlock, making him whine again, long and needy, his hips jerking in John’s grip. “You’re glowing, Sherlock. You’re as radiant as moonlight.”
He dropped to his knees, pulling Sherlock’s hips to his mouth, looking up as he did so to take in the sight of Sherlock in surrender, his wild hair, his open mouth, the bruises on his neck.
Most days he refused to come out of his room. He was fairly content being left up to his own devices but there was always someone nagging him—telling him what to do. Sherlock took to locking the door so no one else could come in or out (the household staff were continually disturbing and therefore ruining his experiments). Sherlock became very adept at climbing up and down the ivy outside his window.
John sits back on his haunches, smiling, and the glitter in his eyes makes a chill run down Sherlock’s spine. “I think I may have just the one.”
John makes a sound that Sherlock cannot describe other than to say that it is the sound of a man who has but one desire in the world that he has been deprived of and has just been told he is allowed to have it.
Mycroft waits, as if to ensure John won’t interrupt him again. “So I am to assume that you are going to take this information and ‘do him justice’ as you say, in your own charmingly lawless fashion? As touching as it may be, Dr. Watson, I don’t think you owe my brother that service.”
Eager for more news of last night’s goings on (and also, news of Anderson), Sherlock heads to breakfast, feeling much revived by the bucket of fresh water Billy brought to his room.
His one small consolation is the sound of the steward’s footsteps, retreating in haste from Sherlock’s cabin door.
“John—” He reaches out in desperation to grab hold of some part of John, and as if by instinct, his hands find John’s lean hips, palms settling against the bare strip of sun-warmed skin between John’s trousers and jacket.
Sherlock wants to ask Stamford to tell him more, but he knows if that the other man is in John’s confidence, he won’t betray his secret.
“More John, more!” Sherlock rocked his hips and John hissed as the movement pulled his finger deeper.
Sherlock was finally really looking at John again, his eyes wide; the expression in them starved for something John couldn’t name.
And then to Sherlock’s horror, he watches the boy’s hands move to the fastenings of his trousers. At first, Sherlock can’t understand what he is doing. They can’t be serious. Sherlock has heard of the barbarity of naval discipline but this is too much.
He is desperate for the feel of fresh air on his face, and because of the late hour Sherlock is hopeful there will be no one else around so he steals as quietly as he can from his cabin and makes his way to the upper decks.
But how long has he had the document in his possession? And perhaps the most pressing question of all: Has the captain noticed it’s gone missing?
Soap is expensive—bar soap like this even more so. He does not like to think how much one as fine as this might cost. He cannot imagine how John could afford it.
The new position means their cocks are sliding directly over one another, trapped between their bodies. The resulting sensation makes Sherlock gasp aloud, his arms shaking harder than ever as he struggles to hold himself up.
Sherlock nods frantically, fingers slipping in the sweat at the nape of John’s neck. “Y-yes. But what
All of this, however, pales in comparison to what Sherlock is witnessing right now, which is a whole new side of John Watson that Sherlock has never been treated to, and that is John Watson in his role as healer, as physician, and Sherlock may very well drop dead where he is standing, so overwhelmed is he by this tremendous new capacity of which John is capable.
However, John must notice he has said something amiss because he goes on talking, as though trying to amend what he just said.
The song is simple but John infuses every word with a sorrow that pulls at Sherlock’s heart. There is a sweetness, an emotional pitch to the notes that speaks louder than any declaration Sherlock has ever heard pronounced from any lover’s lips. Now that he knows the song is for him, and no other, as he listens to the words, he realizes John is truly singing to him.
He wants to kiss every inch of John down here—to draw it out, to tease him—pressing gentle, close-mouthed kisses in against his thighs down to the base of his knee and back up again, until John is tugging at his hair and begging Sherlock to take him back into his mouth.
Sherlock looks at John’s neat, square, capable fingers where they meet his own, feels where the pads of John’s fingers are rough with calluses, sees where the skin over his knuckles is scored with scar tissue, and thinks how slender, how useless are his own comically large hands.
John let himself enjoy the sensation for several moments, shocked by how natural it felt to have the whole of Sherlock’s long body settled in against him, how good it felt.
He imagines John rising up onto his knees behind him, his now fully erect cock slipping in against the crease of Sherlock’s buttocks, and he tips his head back, sliding his own hands up his chest again, more slowly this time, until he feels his nipples harden under his palms with a gasp, imagining they are John’s.
Anderson the night of the party—Anderson had seen Sherlock with John’s medical bag—had implied that he knew it was John’s.
He heard the desperate shout before he heard the sound of footsteps, and turned to see Sherlock running towards him, his coat on askew over his dressing gown.
He’d taken his cock in his hand without even realizing it and suddenly he was coming, arching up into his fist as the freezing water pounded his back, sobbing with the intensity of his release.
John falls back a step as Sherlock swings, and Sherlock’s knuckles graze the edge of John’s forearm.
He’s younger than Sherlock, and although he’s something of a novice, he’s cleverer than most of the other midshipman, outshining them in almost every capacity. For this reason, he’s something of a favorite of Lieutenant Deverall’s. Sherlock knows he’s also one of the midshipmen who is particularly vocal about pointing out Anderson’s shortcomings. His bored gaze slides over Sherlock and he straightens up at Sherlock’s approach, tucking the knife away out of sight.
This John looks smaller, tired. There are dark lines under his eyes that speak of sleepless nights and Sherlock wonders suddenly how long he has been sick, how long John has been sitting by his side, pressing the cool cloth to his forehead again and again, urging water between his parched lips.
Sherlock very carefully lifted first one leg, then the other free of John’s trousers, tossing them away into the darkness before reaching up to pull down the material of John’s pants.
Sherlock manages to shut his gaping mouth but that’s about the best he can do with John’s cool hands still resting on his forearms, his warm blue gaze so focused on Sherlock’s face.
Thank you, my cupcakes, for all your beautiful, beautiful comments. They keep me going. Truly. Please leave me more. I love them. They are everything.
“How are you?” he asks, in that same low voice that seems to pull at Sherlock’s belly as though it’s connected to it with an invisible thread.
Sherlock crawled over the leather seat until he was pressed hard against John’s side. He laid his head on John’s shoulder, one arm curling possessively over the front of John’s stomach. His hand fisted in the material of John’s jumper.
That was years ago now but surely, his body still remembers. Sherlock feels a ripple of playful curiosity move through him.
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock bellows as they head down the hall, dripping rank river water in their wake. “Some hot brandy for Dr. Watson, please! And a cold one for me, I think.”
Sherlock produced two wine glasses from God knew where (John didn’t even know they had wine glasses) and unscrewed the cork in several deft moves.
Sleep pulls at him, warm and seductive, the rhythmic sweep of John’s fingers coaxing him towards dreams.
John smiles fondly at him every day, even lets Sherlock sleep at the foot of his bed, sometimes slides one hand through Sherlock’s silken curls and strokes them back from his forehead, his blue eyes full of a faraway look and Sherlock thinks (hopes) that sometimes in those moments, John may love him, but then John draws away, and Sherlock cannot be sure, cannot be sure what he thinks he saw.
Sherlock feels the dull glow of heat from his sunburn increase with a different kind of warmth altogether at the sight of the livid purple marks all down the sides of his neck. He can feel his own breath growing shallow as he looks at them—the bright color of the blood drawn to the surface of his skin by John’s teeth bringing with it memories of the feel of John’s body so hot and hard against him in the dark, the sweet spike of pain as John’s teeth nipped and pulled at the delicate skin of Sherlock’s throat.
It took a tremendous amount of effort for John to direct his attention away from the heavenly feeling of Sherlock’s mouth on his cock, but he managed it, moving his hands down from Sherlock’s hair to lightly grip either side of his face.
John’s hand slipped on the banister. He fell hard to one knee, letting out a shout of rage, hands coming up on either side of his head to push the memory away.
He was still caught in the sensory tangle of his dream, his body loose and pliant, the feel of Sherlock all along his back filling him with a warm buzz of contentment.
“Whatever it is you think you need to do before this ship sets sail, it can be done in the next sixteen hours, Lieutenant. I have not been a captain this many years without understanding what the basic requirements are for revictualling a ship. Whatever cannot be completed in that amount of time is not necessary.”
Both men stand utterly still until the owners of the voices head in the opposite direction and the sound of their conversation gradually becomes indistinguishable again.
John thumps him on the back, grinning. “Sorry about that. I guess it might be stronger than what you’re used to.”
Sherlock tips his head back against John’s shoulder, losing himself in the sensation of John’s hands moving against him, luxuriating in the slow rolling build of his pleasure within him.
Sherlock gasped, his gasp turning to a sigh as John dragged his tongue over Sherlock’s ribs, his hot breath gusting over the damp skin. He kept the piece of ice tucked against his cheek, knowing that his tongue against Sherlock’s overheated skin would feel pleasantly cool.
the best lover he has ever had, will ever have, but how can he be when Sherlock doesn’t even know what he’s supposed to do?
John’s eyes go dark and he slides his hands low on Sherlock’s back, just above the swell of his arse, to pull Sherlock in against him.
Sherlock must have seen because he felt a third long finger pushing in to join the first two and the pain was sharper and sweeter all at once. He whimpered in response to the feeling and Sherlock’s hand stilled.
“Indeed.” He nods to her one final time, and then turns to make his way back across the room to John.
And then, halfway through the last act, they watched their target get up out of his seat. Sherlock excused himself and made his way to the aisle, John following in his wake like a silent shadow, his eyes following the narrow line of Sherlock’s shoulders and thinking about how much he wanted to pull the well-cut jacket off of him and run his hands over the muscles he knew were underneath.
John was still trying to catch his breath. “I’ve never had—it’s never been… I’ve never come that hard in my life.”
John makes a small stifled sound of frustration and Sherlock can tell that they are sharing the same thought.
John reached up to thread his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, his mouth falling open as Sherlock scraped the area lightly with his teeth.
John’s hands are smoothing down Sherlock’s flanks. He leans in to press a kiss to Sherlock’s sweat-dampened cheek, his voice as gentle as his hands. “Breathe, my love. You have to breathe for me now. Take a deep breath.”
Sherlock leaned in, his other hand warm against John’s knee. He tipped his head up, gazing at John through lashes that were low and heavy over his eyes. He blinked slowly and even the action of him shutting and opening his eyes again was somehow sultry, laden with the implications of sex.
Sherlock stares fixedly at John’s face—avoiding everything below his waist with the self-restraint of the most pious holy sister.
What it must have done to him to be the one responsible for beating the boy, Sherlock does not like to imagine. He feels a twinge of pity for the man in spite of himself.
“What—” Sherlock swallows around the tightness in his throat, forces the words out. “What led you to it? A life at sea?”
—that Sherlock feels like he is melting from the pleasure of it—he feels like an instrument that’s been shut up in a cupboard for weeks on end, and now his musician has finally taken him out and is finally,
Sherlock drags a grateful breath into his lungs, and before Anderson can reach for him again Deverall and Dimmock are upon him, this time each taking one arm and dragging him backwards across the floor.
Sure enough, Sherlock sees the glint in the old woman’s eye at the mention that he has poor luck with cards.
He rubs his cheek against the smoothness of John’s chest and then wriggles back a bit, readjusting so that his nose is pressed into the warm hollow under John’s arm.
Sherlock pulled John’s legs back around him and John locked them there around Sherlock’s waist. He reached up and closed his arms around Sherlock’s neck, arching his hips, urging Sherlock forward. “Fuck me, Sherlock.” He heard his own voice break, didn’t care how needy he sounded. “Please.”
As he’s closing his cabin door behind him, he has to duck out of the way of a sailor carrying one of the lady’s trunks toward the stairs. Sherlock recognizes him almost immediately as the boisterous fellow who lost his eye in the Barbary War, who introduced himself to Sherlock last night as Ironsides Jake.
When he lowers the flask again, he can feel John’s eyes on him, and something about the studied heat in John’s gaze—which he can feel without even turning to look—makes a warmth fill him that has nothing to do with the climate.
“What. Happened.” John could barely get the words out from between his clenched teeth. Sherlock stretched his own jaw in sympathy.
Sherlock drops his eyes, shame making the color rise in his cheeks. “No, it’s…fine. I’m sure you’re busy.”
It feels so good, but it’s like being given a thimble full of water when Sherlock feels he could drink a lake, and it awakens a wild hunger in him that blots out every thought in his brain; all he can think is that he needs
Sherlock lets him take it, his heartbeat accelerating suddenly, as John raises his eyes to his, a question in them that Sherlock already knows the answer to even if he thinks, in the same instant, of a dozen reasons why they can’t.
Sherlock glances up and down the hall in the hopes of someone interrupting. But it’s the dinner hour—nobody else is around. They’re all upstairs in the saloon.
anything on the ship, other than try to terrify them. He was just toying with them. If he’d really wanted to do either of them harm, he would have done so. What was so infuriating about Moriarty, John was gradually realizing, was the knowledge that he was playing with them like trapped birds in a cage, like field mice in a shoebox that he kept pulling out to dangle in front of the cat.
Sherlock is not certain how long he sits there in the darkness, but gradually he recognizes the familiar swell of voices and the sounds of footsteps making their way to the passenger’s saloon.
John’s eyes cloud with some emotion Sherlock cannot read, and something in Sherlock’s chest stirs faintly in warning. He draws his hands down the lengths of Sherlock’s arms and then squeezes his hands one final time before sitting back.
If John looked pleased before, there are no words to describe the expression on his face now. He looks as though he’s swallowed the sun.
It seems Ferguson has some awareness of his business as well, although how much of it is real knowledge and how much of it suspicion, at this point is impossible for Sherlock to ascertain.
John pulls his hand from Sherlock’s mouth to better prop himself up as his other hand is now occupied. His eyes as he looks down at Sherlock are heavy and dark, his lips parted. “That’s right,” he says, as he begins to slide his spread palm over the ridge of Sherlock’s cock. “You can let go now. I’m here.”
“John!” Sherlock lunged forward, grabbing hold of John’s shoulders, urging John to look up at him again. “Listen to me! You’re giving him too much credit! Those feelings are yours. They always have been. Moriarty just noticed they were there and worked to use them against you. That’s what he
Sherlock simply nods, still too embarrassed to look Lestrade directly in the eye, and follows John out into the corridor.
John’s voice is as reverent as his gaze; Sherlock can feel the caress in his words almost as plainly as though his hands were on Sherlock’s skin.
“Wouldn’t let them out of the ballroom. I didn’t make it up to see if there were lifeboats. And there’s been no sign of Tilly since we spotted her earlier. She wasn’t in the ballroom when the fire started. I checked.”
But John is shaking his head. He looks up at Sherlock and his eyes are full of misery. “We both know that we can’t, Sherlock. We’ve tried and it doesn’t work. It isn’t—”
Sherlock’s arm tightened on his waist in an effort to pull John closer, one lean muscular leg twining around John’s arse and the backs of John’s thighs.
“When I told you that you were a god from the depths of the sea. No other being could possibly have the ability to make me feel as good as you just did.”
He is surrounded by John on all sides—one of his hands in Sherlock’s hair, the other cradling the corner of his jaw, and this, Sherlock thinks, seared white-hot by the power of his feelings,
John listened, stunned, to this outpouring of detail about Sherlock’s childhood—this rare glimpse into Sherlock’s interior world.
“Yes, yes, yes…” John chants, his breath still hot on Sherlock’s neck, as Sherlock lowers himself down, John’s body following Sherlock’s until he is crouched over Sherlock, his hands on either side of Sherlock’s naked chest, one clothed knee pressing in against Sherlock’s bare leg. “God, look at you.”
A kind of numbness has settled over him to dull the shock, and he is grateful for it, although it leaves him with a strange, detached feeling, as though he is walking through a dream.
But no, he thought fiercely as his eyes took in the sight of Sherlock in the muted light from the window, the longing in his face, the language of his body so open to John, this was real.
His visits are rare moments of brightness in the otherwise dark stretch of hours as Sherlock waits for his ailing body to recover.
From where he’s standing in the corridor, Sherlock can just make out a sheaf of papers in a leather folio on the desk. The papers are in disarray, and it looks as though the cover of the folio was folded rather hastily over to conceal them.
But the futility of this plan makes itself known before Sherlock can even finish the thought. He’s now been told to stay out of trouble by nearly half the population of the ship, if he goes looking for Billy he’s bound to run into some of them.
He hugs him so tightly he would be worried about cracking one of John’s ribs if it wasn’t for the fact that he knows some part of John is made of steel.
Sherlock’s hands are still on John’s hips; he lets his thumbs trace the grooves in John’s pelvis. He can feel the saliva pooling in his mouth as he thinks about it.
Moriarty looked down at John. “Such a pity we have to cut this short. I had so many treats in store for you. Oh well. ” He reached down and took hold of John’s jaw, fingers tracing the cut on John’s cheek. “I think I made my
And then John kisses him—sweetly at first—slowly, as if Sherlock’s mouth were a decanter of the rarest spirits, some nectar from the gods that John needs to savor because he only has a thimbleful—his thumbs smoothing over Sherlock’s cheekbones as though they’re made of glass.
Or will he re-join the celebration? Will it prove too much to lie alone in the darkness and think about what he and Sherlock could be doing together? How they could be lying right now in one another’s arms, limbs tangled, foreheads pressed together, just listening to the sounds of one another’s breathing.
Sherlock lets John pull him half into his lap, his arms coming up around John instinctively and he holds onto him as John’s head comes to rest against the side of Sherlock’s neck. In spite of the heat, in spite of the growing pain in his knees—he stays like that, crouched against John, his heart pounding against John’s cheek where the collar of his shirt is pulled open, John’s wet breath in the hollow of his neck making him clench his fingers hard in John’s hair and whisper over and over again. “It’s alright—I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
What if John knows exactly how he looks? What if his intention is to re-direct the captain’s rage from the boy onto himself? That would be exactly like John—offering up himself in place of someone he believes is innocent.
Briggs crumpled to the ground with a shout of rage. Sherlock climbed to his feet and kicked him in the side of the head. Briggs went still.
John watched as Sherlock pressed the whole of his hand over John’s, his long fingers eclipsing John’s.
“Suit yourself. You’re entitled to the full measure of his disapproval when you show up again so soon. Me, I’m gonna keep looking.”
The older woman sniffs disdainfully but nods her consent, turning away with a flutter of her fan and walking a few steps distant so that she’s out of earshot.
They forced him to return to his therapist in the months directly after. In the beginning he didn’t protest. He couldn’t bring himself to care one way or another how he spent his time; he was barely conscious of what happened to him, moving like a ghost through his old life.
He slicks his fist and begins to stroke, in long, slow, leisurely pulls—setting a pace he knows would drive Sherlock mad.
“Contract law mostly, financial transactions.” Ferguson lets out another long exhalation of smoke, and then adds, again with that unmistakable note of pride in his voice, “We do business with some of the wealthiest families in the county.”
“This is the cable tier, where we stow all the cables when they’re not in use, and the spare rigging and sails, among other things. Because the cables are wet when they’re brought up, we keep them low in the ship so that they’ll drain right into the bilges.”
Later, he will regret not having the chance to kill Moran slowly, to grind each of his bones to dust, turn his organs to pulp in his chest, force him to cling miserably to the shreds of his life until his body is nothing but a source of endless agony. But there was no time for that. As soon as he saw John at the window—something in Sherlock flutters at the memory—
“You’re sure?” John’s eyes are so careful on his face Sherlock is afraid for one moment that he might actually melt under John’s gaze.
She shakes her head at him once, in silence, indicating that she cannot bear to watch, but she stays by his side.
John wanted to shut his eyes, concentrate on the feeling; savor this bizarre moment that would surely never happen again.
Sherlock is silent again, in the hopes that Ferguson will continue speaking. He’s relying on that powerful combination of factors that so often guarantees a stranger will confide in you if you only remain quiet long enough—boredom and self-interest.
He slides his hand down between their bodies but before it gets there John’s hand is on his wrist, stopping him, strong fingers curling warm against the bone.
But he does as John says; with one hand, he positions his cock so that the tip is lined up against the entrance to John’s body.
John let out a long breath and sank below the surface of the water until his head was submerged. He stayed under as long as he could, listening to the sound of his pounding heartbeat in his ears, watching the bubbles from his nose and mouth stream to the surface.
Moriarty made a sudden movement between them and looking down, John saw that Moriarty had slashed the length of his stomach open. Blood poured from the wound like water from an open tap.
When he came back to sit beside Sherlock, Sherlock was leaning against the armchair at his back, eyes closed. He opened them as John reached to hand him a glass.
He blinked in the darkness, moved to roll over, and felt the brush of Sherlock’s hair under his mouth.
John felt his breath coming faster in anticipation, and he squeezed his eyes shut, steeling himself for the blow that was sure to come, hating Sherlock for breaking in here only to leave him anyway, making him go through all that just to tear himself from John’s side.
He has not had the inclination to write music in months and months, but suddenly it is gripping him like an unstoppable force, filling him up with its sweetness, the melody sweeping through the inside of his head, curling and dipping, twisting and rising, and he is desperate to get his nib into the ink, to get the pen to paper to start notating what is a whirl of color in his mind.
“Thought I might find you out here,” John says, and Sherlock can hear the quiet smile in his voice, even without looking at him.
Also, I am very pleased to be posting this on the longest day of the year! Happy Summer Solstice, my darling sea anemones!
Then again, worrying about the time already gone will only make the remaining time go faster, so Sherlock tries to put it out of his mind and directs his attention instead to the sights around them.
He went into the kitchen and decided it was time to do something nice for John. He filled the kettle and put it onto boil, but it took him twice that time to find where they kept the mugs (having never made tea himself). By the time he got the mugs ready he had to put the water on to boil again, and then he accidentally upset the tea tin and had to spend fifteen minutes cleaning it up for fear John would rage at him when he discovered tea leaves all over the kitchen floor (it took him fifteen minutes because he couldn’t find where they kept the dust pan).
Before John can finish the sentence Sherlock feels his stomach flutter at the hard edge in John’s voice, feels something in him shrink with the awareness that he’s upsetting John again.
All of a sudden the room feels less like a space where magic has been created and more like a prison.
His hands slide up Sherlock’s back, his breath a sigh. “I wanted to make you feel better... and to tell you the truth, I couldn’t wait.” John shuts his eyes then and their faces are so close together Sherlock can see John’s lashes trembling against his cheeks. “God help me, I couldn’t wait.”
He goes on talking, looking up at the ceiling above him. He cannot bring himself to look at John’s face.
And sure enough, trouble they did bring, as John found he was completely unable to keep himself from staring at the lines of Sherlock’s suit underneath his coat as they idled in the carriage on that foggy street.
He is halfway across the deck, just passing under the shadow of the longboats, when he hears something that causes him to stop abruptly in his tracks.
“Of course, I liked it!” John struggled to ignore the heat from Sherlock’s mouth that hovered near his jaw. “You’re an insufferable git who deserves to be pinned to the ground! You also deserve a good punch in the mouth!”
Sherlock glances longingly up at the quarterdeck, wishing that he could simply ask the Lieutenant himself what happened.
John has gone utterly still before him, the only sound in the room is John’s breathing, which is suddenly much shallower.
His voice, when he found it, was smaller than he would have liked, but that was all right. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
There’s no point trying to go back to sleep so Sherlock washes and dresses, feeling the sticky heat of the tropical day already settling itself over his skin like an unwanted embrace.
John could feel a similar barely restrained energy sparking off of Sherlock. He was lit up like a Christmas tree, practically vibrating with the excitement of the case and the satisfaction of the arrest of the man they had spent the better part of a week tailing.
Sherlock takes a step backwards, positioning himself by the wall at the foot of his bed, so that he’s not explicitly shielding the case from view with his body, but he’s at least near it in the event that Anderson tries to move it.
John must hear the evidence of his longing in his voice, must see it in his face, because his mouth is descending to kiss Sherlock, long and deep, and perhaps it is only Sherlock’s imagination but he feels as though he can taste an extra note of urgency in the movement of John’s mouth. Sherlock rises up into the kiss, lifting his chest to press it forward into John’s, inviting him closer with the thrust of his body.
It’s not only petty but greedy. Sherlock has John now—that should be enough. But he finds his longing for John is vast—immeasurable. There is no end to his wanting. He wants to know every version of John. That there should be a John that only Sally has known—will ever know—it makes something jagged open up inside of Sherlock.
“You can touch me more than that if you like,” John says, breathlessly, and Sherlock readjusts his grip, places a tentative hand on John’s upper arm.
He stands for a moment with his back against the door, looking at it from across the room in agitated uncertainty.
True to his orders, he hits the boy harder this time, so hard that Baynes lets out his first genuine cry of pain.
John’s stance is casual, arms crossed loosely over his chest, but his posture belies a tension that Sherlock knows has everything to do with the fact that he just removed the fabric from around his throat, baring his long neck.
“I remember what happened in the ambulance.” John didn’t miss the dark look that flashed across Sherlock’s face before it passed. He felt a stab of guilt. “They determined I was dangerous enough to require two doses.” His mouth twisted, fingers tensing briefly on the keys. He looked back up at John, his expression cold. “I don’t remember anything after that.”
I am sending sparkly nautical hugs to all of you right now and feeling so, so fortunate (perhaps more so than ever before...) to be a part of this fandom with all of you. You all are more beautiful than you can possibly know.
Sherlock’s response to the touch of John’s hand in his hair is immediate. He feels warmth flood him, spine curving as he arches back into John’s embrace.
The whole thing had been John’s idea. Sherlock had happily set fire to the invitation when they’d received it (and dropped it, burning, from the window to the sidewalk below—“Who still sends paper invitations? What do they think this is, the Victorian era?”), but on the night of the party John insisted they attend.
, yes. John—!” John could hear Sherlock coming undone just by the sound of his voice. He’d never imagined Sherlock would be so vocal, but
Even after he has reached the flimsy solitude of his cabin, his back pressed solidly against the door, even then he cannot shake the memory of the cold, unwavering fixedness of Anderson’s stare, its presence as heavy, as unwelcome as a hand on Sherlock’s skin.
“I’m sure you’ve worked that out already,” he says, offering Sherlock a quick smile. “I met Sally at a brothel when she was living in Cape Town—back when I was still on board the
He tries to imagine what it must be like for someone like Sally to make her way in the world. How desperate she must have been to run away to sea on her own—a dangerous endeavor for anyone, but much more so for a woman, and especially for a woman of her complexion.
John laughed again at the look of genuine irritation on Sherlock’s face. He laughed harder as Sherlock scowled at him. “You really mean it!”
John tipped his chin up, licking his lips. “Please,” he said, looking up at Sherlock through damp lashes, his voice a needy whisper. “Don’t stop.”
He hears Sherlock muttering from what sounds like a long way away, real panic in his voice. “Too high of a dosage,” and then Sherlock is shaking him by the arms.
“What?” Sherlock asks, already forgetting the question, the hypnotic movement of John’s fingers against his scalp setting his whole body to tingling.
John felt the knife creep up the inside of his leg. Moriarty’s breath was unsteady in his ear. The pressure from the blade was so light it was almost ticklish. To John’s horror, he felt himself responding to its touch.
The look of surprise on John’s face every time as it gradually transforms into a stunned smile helps to fan the embers of Sherlock’s confidence into a tiny flame.
It’s difficult to keep his balance with his eyes closed, but he manages it, wobbling only slightly as John’s hands direct him to lift each foot again so he can pull the stockings off Sherlock’s feet, and finally, the breeches.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth even as he started speaking, unable to help himself. “Mmm… Sherlock, I want—”
The ship is markedly quiet this morning. After so many hours filled with the sounds of music, drunken laughter and carrying voices, it seems strange to hear nothing but the usual groaning protests of the
“John,” Sherlock said, pushing his face in against John’s forehead, nuzzling at the line of his hair.
“How could you have known?” Sherlock’s voice is fierce. He will not let John take any of the blame for
John’s voice is very even, rubbed clean of emotion, but when Sherlock hears his words, he goes cold all over.
Sherlock smiles, shimmying his hips backwards to make more space between their bodies, his hand slipping between them to stroke down John’s abdomen.
Sherlock sits far beneath him on deck, in a tucked away corner by the longboats, where he can see the sun occasionally flashing on John’s hair, and hear the sound of his laughter echoing over the water as Patterson tells him some lewd joke.
John slowed the movement of his fist, but didn’t stop pumping until every last emission was wrung from Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock collapsed against him, breathless and shaking.
John’s strong hands reach out to help him, and in one smooth motion, John is sitting up, hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, guiding him back down against the bed.
. It’s as though there is a direct connection between their two cocks, forged by the presence of Sherlock’s mouth, so that every slide, every caress of his lips on John’s cock reverberates through his own, making his cock swell and twitch despite the fact that he hasn’t even touched it yet.
He does not know what woke him—some sound from beyond his door, some disturbance in the corridor. Or perhaps the movement of the ship changed subtly. Sherlock lies, eyes stretched wide in the darkness and listens, but the steady creak and groan of the hull around him does not change in tempo.
But John’s hand is moving slowly up his side, following the curve of his waist and Sherlock finds his thoughts caught by the movement, his awareness suddenly drawn back to the fact that he and John are lying pressed together in his narrow bunk, their legs tangled together from hip to ankle.
“You see you’re the final bride. The next one for the chopping block. I thought it was appropriate given the carnal nature of your sins. I imagine you were something of a virgin in this context, and as you know, virgins lose their worth once they’ve been had. Once the maid has been deflowered, she’s dog meat. Worthless.” Moriarty pressed the flat of the blade against the underside of John’s throat, forcing him to lift his chin. “That’s the trick with virginity. Only valuable until it’s been taken.” He tilted the knife until the edge of the blade bit a clean line into the skin of John’s throat, making a mark identical to the one on the other side of his neck. “And it’s clear your card has been
Now Sherlock’s face is flaming red. He can feel his blush even underneath his sunburn, but he re-wets his pen and carries on writing.
There was a moment of silence and John felt the cold air from the window bring with it a spray of rain. He had started to shake again, minutely.
“What else? What else did he do?”  Sherlock’s fingers were now gripping John’s thighs as though for dear life, his eyes full of savage rage. “Where else did he hurt you?”
Without pulling his mouth away from Sherlock’s, John shifted so that he was lying flat on his back, one of Sherlock’s legs still tangled between his own. He felt Sherlock settle against him fully, and consequently felt the warm, reassuring weight of Sherlock’s hips sink down against his leg.
“I never loved the work of a farmer. It’s monotonous, brutal, unforgiving work. But on days like this, I would give anything to be back there. To feel the sun on my face, to hear the sound of the wind in the trees, to see it moving through the wheat.”
The sea and the sky dissolve again in the presence of John’s mouth on Sherlock’s. His fingers slide up into Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock cannot stop a moan of pleasure escaping from his throat.
Curious, he draws closer and leans over the railing to see what the commotion is about. Down in the water a large makeshift pool of white canvas has been strung up alongside the ship, and to his astonishment, Sherlock sees men swimming in it, splashing and laughing.
“No. No! you can’t make demands of me, not after what you did! Not when you’re still doing it, right now. You tricked me, Sherlock. You tricked me and then you drugged me! You’re drugging me now! How could you do that to me? How could you make me think you’re dead? And then come back here, as a ghost, and make demands of me? How
Sherlock has no intention of remaining uninvolved. However he realizes that the Lieutenant will not let the matter rest until he agrees, so he nods once, to show that he has understood.
To John’s great relief, when he set the steaming plate at Sherlock’s elbow, he reached for the fork without hesitation and began shoveling curry into his mouth. He still hadn’t removed his eyes from the computer screen.
“I wasn’t asleep when you came over.” John reaches his hand out to where Sherlock’s fingers are clenched in his lap, callused palm turned upwards. Tentatively, Sherlock slides his fingers into John’s. “I mean I was earlier, but when I heard your footsteps, I was just lying there, letting my thoughts take me where they might.”
John found himself studying Sherlock’s sculptured silhouette, his eyes moving over each place he longed to place his hands, his mouth.
He reaches forward to take the base of John’s cock in his hand, eyes flickering briefly up to see John’s lashes already falling heavy over his eyes as Sherlock’s fingers wrap around him.
“Don’t remember. Lestrade gave me some biscuits at the station.” He gestured absently to his coat which was lying beside him. John saw an unopened packet of biscuits sticking out of Sherlock’s coat pocket.
“The head wound you’re referring to is the very reason Mr. Holmes had to be restrained. That was self-inflicted in his violent attempts to refuse life-saving care. He was a danger to himself and my staff, Dr. Watson. As a medical professional, you should know that sometimes sedation is the only option.”
When John suggests they stop to take a rest, Sherlock nearly melts with gratitude. After weeks of relative inactivity aboard the ship, he isn’t used to so much physical exertion and he’s more tired than he likes to admit.
Sherlock is suddenly immensely grateful for John’s request. The longing in John’s eyes, in the pitch of his voice alone would be enough to make Sherlock want to touch himself, but to know that John wants this, John wants to
Sherlock’s heart is pounding, and he is shaking harder than ever as he feels cool air on the skin between his legs. He feels John’s fingers brush the bare skin on the inside of his thigh as John reaches to tug the material free of his legs and he jerks, once, violently, as though he’s been struck.
The guest was right. The flames had now engulfed the entire far wall and were licking merrily along the expensive carpet. John was halfway to the door and he could feel the heat on his back. A woman beside him was sobbing as she pulled off her earrings.
He tucks the handkerchief back into the front of his waistcoat, and then dips his head in gratitude toward Mr. Graves.
Sherlock parts his thighs and then using his grip on John’s neck, pulls John down until their mouths are only a hair’s breadth apart.
He stretched his mouth wide in an exaggerated grimace around the final word as he came back around to face John, his tone full of unmistakable disdain. He leaned in close to John’s face, eyes narrowing.
Could this be the explanation for the captain’s desperate desire to reach Rio by the end of the week? Did he fear discovery?
A ripple of fear goes through Sherlock and he suddenly remembers his half-undone cravat. He hurries to retie it before Billy’s eyes can detect the livid marks left by Stevens’ fingers and report them back to John.
Sherlock says nothing, and then, keeping his voice very low, he says: “He tried to poison you, too, didn’t he? The night of the party—it was you he was after, but something went wrong.”
As Lestrade had told them grimly over cold cups of coffee back at the station, it was worthwhile pursuing dog fighting circles, as you could often get more drugs and guns off the street by breaking up dog rings than you could breaking up drug rings. The search warrants for the two crimes were frequently interrelated.
“Can’t say more than that I’m afraid. You’ll have to wait and see. How are things progressing between you two?” The voice purred, now stripped of its American accent. “Have you achieved that sweet state of domestic bliss you longed for?”
Sherlock doesn’t need to be told twice. He loops the delicate chain over his own head so as not to lose it, and races from the room.
It’s brighter here than it was in the middle of the ship and Sherlock can see John better now, as he begins to pace up and down, the light when it catches his hair, turning it to brilliant gold.
“I need you to remember what I’m telling you when you wake. Do you understand? Nod for me, John, if you understand what I’m saying.”
Sherlock bristles at this; feels his rage snap back to life. “I didn’t leave them on your behalf! I left because they’re despicable! I hate them! I have nothing to say to any of them!”
He has just finished washing himself and is reaching for his shirt when he remembers with a horrible shock the disturbing events of the previous evening that resulted in Lestrade’s poisoning.
“I kept trying to tell them those first few days that I wasn’t a sailor—that I had no experience at sea, but they didn’t believe me. Looking back, I’m not sure it would have made much difference one way or the other. War had just broken out again with the French. They were desperate for men. There was another landsman they took—he was a clergyman’s son, had never done a day of labor in his life. He fell off the bowsprit on his second day at sea; hit his head on the way down. He was dead before he hit the water.”
He looks like a man who has suffered through an ordeal, and yet somehow, miraculously, in spite of all odds, has come through the other side to remain standing. His weariness is evident in his face, and yet underneath the exhaustion Sherlock can detect a look of grim resolution.
He turns to go but before he can leave them to go on exchanging tender expressions, Molly reaches out and grabs hold of his hand.
“Yes…” John pants, hips pushing up to meet Sherlock’s hand. “I want to come like this, with your luminous eyes on me, your sea-tangled hair in my hands while you…”
Chuckling softly, John pressed a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s hair. Then reaching down in the chaos of the rumpled bed, he dragged the sheet up over them.
“John!” He heard Lestrade’s shout before he saw him. His arms were starting to shake from the effort of holding Sherlock. He heard running footsteps and then Lestrade was at his side. “Jesus Christ, what happened?”
“Let me—” He watched Sherlock lick his lips, his eyes dropping to John’s mouth as the hand that was on John’s bicep moved down between them, sliding hot along John’s hip. “Can I…?”
It takes a long time for his eyes to adjust to the dim light down below and as a result, Sherlock is more than a little caught off guard when a slight figure, hurrying down the corridor, runs directly into him.
Sherlock watches him go with a tight feeling in his chest, trying not to think about how long it might be before John has the chance to write to him again.
He threw one leg over the sill of the window. Sherlock hadn’t moved from the doorway save for turning to follow Moriarty with the gun. John watched the muzzle shake from the tremor in Sherlock’s hands.
The darkness comes swiftly now but before it closes in John sees a figure swimming down to him—bright blue eyes, white face, dark hair wavering around his head like a crown. Some ghost sent down to guide him to the underworld.
He blows out the candle and returns to crouch awkwardly beside John, fingers clenched into a fist against his thigh.
Sherlock is further delighted to see that it’s not just anyone, but Colonel Jackson carrying his dueling pistols, one in each hand.
However, much to Sherlock’s dismay, he finds that keeping his thoughts free of what he overheard earlier proves impossible in light of the dominant conversation around the supper table.
Sherlock pats her on the back with his free hand. She pulls back, swats at Sherlock again, her face scrunched up with tears, and then runs back into her flat.
John kisses the bridge of his nose, and then the corner of his mouth—light, tantalizing kisses that make Sherlock thrash his head in frustration, pressing his thighs in against John in the hopes that that will encourage him to move against him.
He finds the images he imagined then still resonate powerfully with him now—the thought of a naked John stepping in behind him, his bare torso warm against Sherlock’s back, his hands moving gently over Sherlock’s chest and down to hold him by the hips and eventually replace Sherlock’s hands with his own, one hand closing around him, the other sliding deep between Sherlock’s legs.
In all the goings-on of the day, his conversation with Stamford and all that he learned from him has entirely slipped his mind.
John didn’t feel too guilty about it because he knew how Mrs. Hudson doted on Sherlock. As often as she insisted she wasn’t their housekeeper, the delight she took in making a fuss over Sherlock was undeniable.
Sherlock thinks about Mycroft hearing Patterson describe him as a bastard and he looks up at him, smiling. “None taken.”
Sherlock gives her an incredulous look, and this time, Molly lowers her eyes, the blush returning to her cheeks.
The sudden stimulation is too much for Sherlock—he comes almost immediately—his hips stuttering forward against John, the rhythm of his stroking turned erratic as his orgasm overtakes him.
John dips his head again to press a kiss to Sherlock's belly. “Being here with you is all I've wanted in the last four days. I could hardly think through the wanting.”
, he thinks savagely. He couldn’t care less if he frightens them, if they think him strange, disturbed.
John held him until Sherlock’s sobbing turned to quiet weeping, his tears leaking down John’s neck and into the collar of his jumper, soaking the front of his shirt.
John nods, his eyes dark on Sherlock’s. He pushes his finger gently into the heat, and Sherlock’s mouth drops open at the sensation, at how shockingly intimate it is to feel John’s finger touching him there; inside of him, if only slightly.
He steps into John’s line of vision. The man is immaculately dressed in a dark suit. His grey hair is cropped close to his head, his jaw lean and crisscrossed with scars. His posture is relaxed but it’s a pretense. Everything about him screams military—high-ranking. He’s holding John’s pistol in his hands.
Sherlock has seen John in all states of physical duress, has observed the power in his arms as he tows the line, muscles hard and gleaming under the sun, his face running with sweat as he turns the capstan, body bowing against the weight of the anchor; but this state of exertion is like no other Sherlock has witnessed.
The note of restraint in John’s voice is all too apparent, as though he’s holding himself back from something, but it’s still there under the surface, hot and traitorous. “Shall I sing it for you now?”
It was hard to believe that only a few hours had passed since they’d boarded the ship; the beginning of the evening felt like a lifetime ago, and it felt even more distant in John’s foggy brain after he’d sat through several hours of hospital tests.
John pulled back and changed his grip, seizing Sherlock by the arse with both hands and maneuvering him backward toward the couch.
It strikes Sherlock that Mr. Ferguson is entirely correct in his assessment that providing opportunities for merry-making is not a trait the captain has ever been known for. The decision does not fit with what Sherlock has heard of the captain’s behavior; therefore it is more than a little curious that the man would go out of his way to do so now.
He shifts back gently, away from Sherlock’s touch to reach for the wine bottle and the cup behind him on Sherlock’s desk. He pours the cup full and offers it to Sherlock first, who shakes his head; then takes a long drink.
But then it would not have been so pretty, Sherlock thinks. Because that John—he might not have stopped when things got really ugly.
It’s obvious that the purpose of this behavior is to make Sherlock feel deliberately uncomfortable. It’s the sort of petty display of power Sherlock is accustomed to, having spent so many years of his life with Mycroft as a brother. Still, Sherlock finds himself, to his own frustration, succumbing to its effects. It’s difficult not to feel awkward and ill at ease while standing alone with another person in a room who completely fails to acknowledge your presence.
John was in a warm little world of Sherlock’s chest against his own, Sherlock’s hands on his shoulder blades, his leg tangling with Sherlock’s, and Sherlock’s mouth on his—warm and wet and open.
At first he’s simply relieved to have something to focus on other than counting the minutes until John’s return, but as he picks up the spoon and pulls the bowl towards him, the savory fragrant smell of it makes his stomach growl with audible hunger.
away from life on dry land, only going on shore for weeks at a time, to have no place to call home, other than the length of canvas where you lay your head each night. In a way, Sherlock now knows what it’s like, having been cast off himself, but it must be different after so many years away; it must be different if your family never wanted you to leave in the first place.
Lestrade had managed to direct most of the boats away, knowing that the men had too much work to do to be distracted for the time being. “You can buy all the trinkets you like when you get to shore tomorrow,” Lestrade had told them.
Sherlock experiences another savage stab of guilt as it becomes clear what else he will have to reveal to John.
Two sailors emerge at the top of the stairs from the deck below—one a lean and sinewy sailor whose name Sherlock does not know; his dingy hair is tied into a tail at the back of his neck, and he’s missing the front row of his teeth, gums stained black from chewing tobacco.
He cannot think what to say—it’s difficult for him to think through the fog of his despair—but he has enough presence of mind to step aside so that Molly knows she is welcome to come into the room.
Sherlock drops to his knees in front of her, the speed of his movement alarming. He takes her hands in his.
I apologize in advance for this chapter. It has to get worse before it gets better. And it will get better, I promise. It really, really will. Hang in there, faithful readers!
His hands are still bound behind him. He kicks briefly in an effort to propel himself to the surface but the motion jars his shoulder and the pain that flashes through him is more than he can bear. He goes still and feels his body start to sink.
The surface of the sea is calm, almost as flat as the water in Sherlock’s dream. He feels a shiver at the thought, presses closer to the longboat at his back. In the same instant, he sees a figure not far off, standing by the foremast, smoking a pipe.
John could feel Sherlock’s gaze focusing on him, his scrutiny sharpening as he looked up at John through the shadows.
Overhead, the sounds of the party are louder than ever. Someone lets out a whoop of drunken laughter.
John kneels in front of Sherlock, settles his warm hands over Sherlock’s knees before running his palms up Sherlock’s thighs, his face tipped up toward Sherlock’s with attentive focus, the curves in his face made soft by lantern light.
, brilliant John—shifts so that he’s leaning back onto his hands, his palms flat behind him on the bed, giving him the leverage he needs to thrust up against Sherlock with more precision, grinding their cocks together between their bellies.
He shut his eyes, concentrated on the sound of the blood pounding in his temples as it reverberated strangely against the surface of his pillow, ordering his mind to go blank. He tried to use the meditation technique they had taught him when he’d first left the army, in an effort to control his uncontrollable fits of rage, but he’d always been rubbish at it. He’d never once succeeded at clearing his mind.
“It’s difficult to get your brush in between the slats, so make sure you wipe off carefully before doing the first coat.”
It’s preposterous—John is a third the other man’s size, half-naked, unarmed, soaking wet, and yet the raw power in his regard is enough to make the other man visibly quail before his gaze.
He looks up at John now, and something like awe comes over him at the look of naked desire laid bare upon John’s face. His wanting for Sherlock is as visible, as clean and sharp, as sunlight on freshly laundered sheets.
“That’s right, deck duty, until I say otherwise. In fact, you’re on deck duty the rest of the evening. No festivities for you tonight, Anderson.” The mocking curl of the captain’s voice around the word is acidic enough to strip the varnish from all the wood on the ship. “And if I hear one word—
Lestrade frowns, considering. “He’s certainly a strange man. I have sailed with many captains and never have I been at the helm with a man so… mercurial. When he’s not yelling at the officers and the crew, he keeps to himself. Indeed, I barely speak with him. As far as I can tell he hardly speaks to anyone. And yes, I have heard the rumors too about the strange circumstances under which Captain Adams fell ill before the voyage. He was not an old man, nor was he inclined to illness. I believe they were still searching for the cause of it when we left port.”
A tide of snickers breaks out in the wake of this remark but dies down almost immediately as John takes his place on a stool at the front of the room.
about you? What is it you have? It isn’t as though you actually help him solve his little puzzles. You can’t possibly challenge him intellectually. You’re as dim as the rest of them.” He slid back into John’s line of sight. The curiosity on his face was mingled with disgust. “What is it he gets from you? What could you possibly offer Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock pulled off with an urgent noise, reaching up to grasp the wrist of John’s left hand and push it back against the mattress.
It is the type of call and response song that Sherlock has heard the sailors sing while they are working—similar to the songs they sang when Sherlock helped them paint the deck—one man leads the song calling out the verses, and the rest of the men join in on the chorus.
He loves the feeling of John’s body around his fingers, the tight heat gripping him; it makes Sherlock’s own cock throb in anticipation and he rocks his hips forward into John’s thigh without thinking, seeking stimulation.
Someone offers John a hand, and John reaches down and takes it, leaping, laughing into the center of the crowd, and then someone is clapping him on the back between the shoulder blades with a stinging sound, while another sailor ruffles his hair with rough affection, and a third thrusts his own shirt into his empty hands.
There’s a loud group of sailors at other end of the bar, clearly already deep in their cups, to which she’s currently doling out drinks. They seem to be demanding all of her attention at the moment, for which Sherlock is grateful because it means he has a chance to talk to John away from the others.
It had occurred to Sherlock that for all the times John told him how fantastic he was, he rarely did the same for John.
His arousal had flagged in the wake of their conversation but he can feel it returning now at the bare need in John’s voice, the tender press of his mouth.
“You love me,” he whispered again, the reverence in his voice causing John’s heart to twist sharply in his chest.
That’s what John was calling it in his head—it sounded better than “the incident with the bomb,” or even “the swimming pool incident,” which conjured up memories of the overpowering smell of chlorine, the blue glow of the lights underwater, the look of horror on Sherlock’s face; and produced a resulting sick feeling in his stomach.
Several voices murmur their assent, and Sherlock can feel that the awkwardness incited by his remark has dissipated thanks to the Colonel’s cheery response.
Each time he wakes from a new nightmare, it takes him longer to fall back asleep, until finally, in the grey oblivion that signals that dawn is not far off, Sherlock slips back into sleep and has a nightmare that he does not forget.
“I want you to accompany Watson on his errand. He’ll have a lot to do and not a great deal of time to find everything he needs, so I’d like you to go along as his… assistant.”
“John,” he says, locking eyes with John, his voice deliberately deep. “I want you to fuck my mouth.”
“You are under arrest, Monsieur LaRoue, for crimes the nature of which I am sure you are all too familiar.”
“You should take those trousers off,” John’s voice is rough and low, his tone pointedly casual, but when Sherlock looks back up at him he can see the longing sparking now like fire in John’s eyes.
John drops his head to place a kiss on the skin of Sherlock’s belly—close-mouthed, so innocent, but Sherlock cannot stand it, any touch from John at this point might be the end of him. He pushes a fist up to his mouth, biting at his fingers, whimpering around them.
John’s expression is softer, the lines in his face no longer visible, his eyes as they study Sherlock a cool grey-blue. Sherlock can see that the storm that was raging there before has finally quieted and he feels relief move through him to douse some of his anxiety.
“Oh, I’ve spent hours…” John says, his voice wistful, as he pulls the last button free. “Hours and hours thinking of how I would kiss this lovely neck of yours, how it would taste—the corner of your jaw, the shadow here—could it possibly taste as sweet as it looks? There’s only way to be certain.”
John pulls back, breathless, and then they both look up, stunned, in the direction of the sound, remembering suddenly where they are.
He’s finally almost made it to the door when he hears something that makes him stop abruptly in his tracks.
He gives Molly a look. “Yes, but I’m not calling myself a psychiatrist, am I? Besides I had reason to do so.”
Sherlock kissed John like the world was ending, like they were back on the burning boat and the fire had closed them in at last.  It made John feel desperate and dangerous and more aroused than ever.
Sherlock knows John is aching for a fight. The rage is like a fever that’s taken hold of him. His heart is beating so fast Sherlock can see the pulse pounding in his throat. What is it Burns said? If only he could throw a few punches it would take the heat out of his blood.
The blow is so strong it knocks Sherlock off his feet. He falls hard into the corridor wall, tasting blood, his vision momentarily disoriented as he struggles to keep from falling to the floor.
He’s wearing his jacket again, Sherlock notices with frantic relief, the worn fabric dull against the gleaming guitar in his arms. Sherlock whispers a silent prayer of fervent thanks for this fact. It’s bad enough watching John play this instrument with assurance and skill, Sherlock knows he would not survive the sight if John were dressed only in his linen trousers.
take himself in hand—it makes the heat bloom in Sherlock’s cheeks, even as the arousal in him sharpens to an almost unbearable pitch.
John bends his mouth down to Sherlock’s but he pauses before bringing their mouths together, his breath soft against Sherlock’s parted lips, something slightly teasing in his smile, in the lift of his eyebrow.
John gasps as Sherlock presses an open-mouthed kiss to the center of his palm, his tongue coming out to swirl over the sensitive skin.
The other sailors are watching this exchange with mild curiosity; they’re probably as eager as Stevens is to learn what Sherlock was doing in this part of the ship.
Sherlock stiffens, puts a hand up over his mouth to stifle his cry of pleasure as heat blooms long and golden all through him—uncoiling in a lovely spiral that leaves him shivering and weak, working his palm one final time over the sensitive head, pulling one last pulse of warm liquid out of him to coat his fingers.
The light was hitting the sharp planes of Sherlock’s chest, deepening the hollows of his cheeks, the dark fan of his eyelashes, turning his throat to sculpted marble, the lovely shape of his bitten lips a trembling invitation for John to kiss again and again.
This time, Sherlock doesn’t waste the opportunity; he lunges forward and snatches the corner of the paper with the inventoried items from the leather folio as quickly as he dares without upsetting the rest of the items on the desk.
Sherlock keeps his voice low so that it will not be overheard. Lestrade and Deverall are walking just a few paces behind them.
It’s only the matter of one deft movement to get the fastening of his trousers open so that he may take his cock in hand.
He quickens his footsteps but the dog remains ever out of reach, the ripple in the leaves in front of Sherlock the only sign that the dog is still before him, leading him still deeper into the trees.
Sherlock can tell he’s trying to keep his excitement under control—but it’s bursting out of him, like light pouring through the cracks in a closed door.
“I… well I hadn’t thought about it like that, but I suppose in a way… yes. I’m something of a betting man. Always have been.” Sherlock sees the guilty shift in John’s features and wonders just how deep the problem goes. “When MacTavish made the wager I thought ‘Well, that’s easy. I can manage that with no trouble,’ but I admit I was still… not quite calm after what happened this morning. I suppose there was a part of me that wanted to show them that I wasn’t somebody easily challenged. That if they wanted to hurt you in anyway, they’d have to go through me.”
“Besides…” The look John gives Sherlock now makes warmth pool suddenly in his belly. “You might want to use it in my absence.”
Anderson’s breath is hot and putrid against Sherlock’s cheek. He wants to turn his face away but he holds Anderson’s gaze, his hands tightening to fists at his sides. His heart is pounding with suppressed fury.
Marty Jones smirked as he took in Sherlock’s long coat and dark curls, the absence of a weapon in his hand. He trained his gun on one of the chained dogs across the room. “What are you gonna do about it, poufter?”
“Harder,” he gasped, and then Sherlock was reaching down to drag his leg up over Sherlock’s shoulder, changing the angle again, fucking him deeper than John would have thought possible.
Knowing this makes it easier for Sherlock to slip into (what he hopes comes across as) a cool and unassuming manner, in spite of the fact that he’s standing half-clothed in front of them, full of the knowledge that the only thing currently hiding John from view is a decrepit old sea chest.
The sorrow in John’s eyes at his words causes a fresh wave of tears to spill from his eyes, and Sherlock scrubs at them with the back of his fist, willing them to stop.
It’s not because he’s afraid of seeing Anderson again—no, it isn’t that at all, he tells himself firmly, and only half-believes it—it’s because he feels too tense and jittery, too hot, too full of feeling after those brief moments on the deck with John.
He’s trying to judge by the thinness of the darkness in his room how soon it might be until daybreak when he hears the sound of the bells from overhead.
But at odds with that desire is his desperation to make John feel better as quickly as possible, along with his need to show John how much he cares for him, to make John see that John’s suffering is his own, that he will not tolerate people treating John this way—it isn’t right.
Billy’s brow furrows momentarily as he considers the question. “Well… might be a bit difficult but… if I can catch Mr. Stamford before the dinner is served…”
He wants to be there when the news is announced that Anderson has been stripped of his position; after the price he paid for this small victory he’s determined to be there to witness it.
The stench was so strong, John gasped, drawing the sleeve of his coat up to cover his nose and mouth.
Sherlock had established himself as a semi-permanent resident on the living room sofa. Every time John walked into the room, Sherlock was typing away furiously on his computer, or his phone—most often both. Whatever it was Lestrade was doing, John felt eternally grateful. He made a mental note to thank him next time he saw him in person.
He tries to open his mouth to tell John how glorious that was, but his tongue feels as heavy and sleepy as the rest of him.
Sherlock grasped John’s waist with his free hand and dragged him up into a sitting position, pulling John’s hips to his face, burying his fingers deeper in him as John rocked forward, fucking himself down onto Sherlock’s fingers.
John and the blue-eyed laughing girl—her name is Mary, Sherlock knows—are to be wed the following day.
John’s arms pull Sherlock to him in the dark, and Sherlock acquiesces gratefully, lets John turn his body gently so that he is on his side and John is lying close behind him, tucking his hips in against the curve of Sherlock’s arse.
“If a man is issued a wager of five pounds, he can’t rightly turn it down, Mr. Holmes. Not if he wants to retain any kind of self-respect.”
Never has Sherlock been more aware of the raw power in John’s compact form, of the sheer force of his strength as he holds Sherlock up and pistons into him with his hips. He rubs his mouth against John’s bent head, tasting sweat, as each thrust of John’s hips forces Sherlock’s shoulders back against the scratch of the cables. The pain feels good. Sherlock grips onto John harder with his thighs, fingers slipping in the sweat on John’s neck.
Holding the empty porridge bowl in one hand, and reaching behind him to pull his waistcoat and jacket off the back of Sherlock’s chair with another, John slings the garments over his shoulder before turning back to Sherlock.
Sherlock nods, grateful for something to focus on other than the presence of John’s hands against his neck. Although he’s not sure how well he will be able to comprehend what John is saying to him.
The poem John is reciting from is, of course, William Wordsworth's "Lines Written a Few Miles Above Tintern Abbey, On Revisiting the Banks of the Wye During a Tour, July 13, 1798." And yes, of course, sailor John has long passages of Wordsworth memorized. More on this in future chapters... I hope the ghost of Wordsworth will forgive me.
It wasn’t until years later that Sherlock learned the reason for this display of older brotherly duty—Mycroft had a friend in childhood who had drowned. He was the child of one of the neighboring families, and Mycroft had spent his youth playing with the boy. One summer while his family was on holiday in Brighton, the boy had fallen off the pier when his nursemaid wasn’t looking, and never having learned to swim, had drowned before anyone could reach him.
There’s something fiery in his voice, and Sherlock looks up to see that his gaze is as intent as his voice.
Sherlock is so deep in the music now he does not realize that he has opened his eyes until he sees John looking back at him as he sings, and the line about the angels is so
The weeds at the bottom grasp his ankles, seem to pull at him. The lights of the surface look distant, dim and grey. The water around him is muddied with red, with the blood leaking from the gash on his face.
Sherlock stands for a long time looking out over the waves, stricken with the uncanny feeling that the captain knows he was making his way to the quarterdeck, even though he had not yet reached the stairs and there’s no reason for the man to suspect that Sherlock would have business there.
He allows himself several minutes of simply lying there enjoying the feeling of being fully submerged, delighting in the coolness, the sensation of his body soaking before he slides all the way beneath the surface to dunk his head.
“You take a long piece of rope—topgallant-studding-sail halyards, or something of the kind—and rove it through the block to make a girt-line. Then you take a bowline round the stay, and climb in. A man down on deck holds the other end. It’s the one piece I have to do with the help of a rope. Funnily enough it’s the one time I’m afraid of falling. You’ve got to put your faith in the man down on deck. If the rope slips, breaks, or he lets go, there’s nothing to stop you falling overboard or breaking your neck. But you don’t think about that. You just think about the work at hand. If you leave any holydays—places not tarred—then you have to do the whole thing again.”
Sherlock pressed his forehead against John’s, looking down with solemn focus into John’s eyes, his irises almost completely overwhelmed by pupil, but questioning, still uncertain. “Are you sure?” He was equally breathless. “You’re sure it’s not too soon?”
John felt Sherlock’s eyes on his face. He couldn’t bring himself to meet Sherlock’s gaze, to see the concern written deep in his eyes.
He opens his mouth to apologize to John for directing him into such a dark and horrible hiding place, but before he can say anything, John is rising up on his knees and gripping him by the upper arms, his blue eyes wide with concern.
Something in his tone has shifted subtly, and Sherlock holds himself very still, listening, waiting for John to go on.
“Put your hands in my hair,” John murmurs, reaching up to take Sherlock’s restless hands and settling them there.
As he struggled to think of what to say, Sherlock spoke into the silence, his voice rich, resonant, dark with something like regret. “You’re not the only one who’s been longing in silence.”
He breaks his mouth away from Sherlock’s, kissing down his chin and over the edge of his jaw. He sucks lightly at the underside of Sherlock’s throat and Sherlock cries out, reaching up to seize hold of the front of John’s shirt again and tug John down against him.
He hears John’s breath catch at the movement, fingers squeezing in response and Sherlock makes a little mewling sound he did not know he was capable of.
Thankfully, there was a dearth of workers at the hospital as everyone was on holiday so John picked up some extra shifts. Seeing Sarah was still painfully awkward but John had reached a point at which anything was better than being stuck in the flat with his own guilt.
He swirled his tongue around the whole circumference of the areola before making contact with the small hard bead of flesh. He could hear Sherlock’s breathing growing more and more ragged above him, his fingers tightening in John’s hair.
Sherlock does not wait to hear if Knott has a response to this. He scrambles toward the staircase at his back, all momentary guilt that he experienced on Ferguson’s behalf evaporating as quickly as it came.
Sherlock’s mouth was open, the plush skin of his lower lip swollen from where he’d bitten it. John kissed it, savoring the rapid heat of Sherlock’s breath against his own mouth as he did so. He wanted to drink him in, to cover him completely, for Sherlock to feel nothing but John against him at every point. He sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his teeth and heard Sherlock whimper sharply in response, felt Sherlock rise even closer against him, his fingers tightening in John’s hair, and John felt a corresponding stab of affection in response to the gesture.
The door of Mr. Knott’s cabin closes with a sharp click and Sherlock waits a full minute before retreating from his hiding place and proceeding down the corridor.
Sherlock tries to make an indignant sound, but it turns into a gasp when John’s tongue comes out to trace the shell of his ear.
It’s several seconds after the song comes to a close before anyone moves or speaks. And Sherlock realizes—in the glistening bubble of that silence—just how powerful John’s music really is.
Telling her would involve an explanation of why John was naked in Sherlock’s room to begin with, and Sherlock isn’t certain how Molly would react if she knew the true nature of his and John’s relationship.
However any unhappiness that Sherlock might feel evaporates in the next instant as he realizes—his eyes following the graceful movement of John’s hand up and down the neck of the guitar—that John has removed the bandages from his hands.
.” John’s voice is a whisper, full of reverence. He leans in to press a kiss to Sherlock’s throat, his other hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, guiding him back down against the bed. “I want to give you
“How dare you speak to me like that? You never question an order from one of your superiors, is that understood?”
John swallowed and lifted his chin, blinking hard, glad that Sherlock didn’t see. He didn’t think he had the words to explain how this was affecting him.
“Kindness. You’ll make a better officer than he ever will because you’ll never treat the boys on your ship so unfairly.”
He knotted the makeshift bandage as tightly as he could, pulled his soaking jacket back onto his shoulders, and made his way through the darkness to the center of the house.
Sherlock waits a minute or two before following after him—happy to give the man a wide berth. Curious as he may be about the other man’s activities, he has no wish to have another encounter like the last one, and if he dares to get too close to Ferguson he’s certain the man will be happy to pick up right where he left off.
Sherlock was lapping at his fingers like a cat, his eyes low-lidded, pink tongue curling around each impossibly long finger before sucking the whole of it into his mouth. The powdered-sugar in his hair, instead of making him look ridiculous, made him look like some sort of ethereal ice creature who had just climbed naked out of the snow with the intent of luring innocent men to their deaths.
His fingers card up through Sherlock’s curls and Sherlock can’t help melting at the touch, his neck lengthening as he tips his head back into John’s embrace.
John couldn’t stop his thumb from traveling meditatively over the back of Sherlock’s hand, and he felt a little spike of sorrow lance through his joy at the welts he found there. His smile faded.
feeling helpless, feeling weak. He’s spent half his life feeling this way, but never has he felt more stripped of all agency than with Stevens’ fist wrapped around his throat.
Sherlock wastes several valuable seconds standing immobilized like a wild animal staring down the barrel of a hunter’s rifle waiting for his inevitable doom.
But Sherlock had already taken off down the brightly lit sidewalk, his coat fanning out behind him in a palpable demonstration of his irrepressibly buoyant mood. “Come on, John!”
Knott’s absence from the party last night makes perfect sense. After all, it was on the occasion of the previous party that he narrowly escaped being poisoned by the captain. He obviously wouldn’t want to expose himself to the same kind of danger again.
He strode over to the door with the intention of shutting it to keep the steam in, but as his hand closed on the handle, it occurred to him that he should probably say something before he did.
As John’s lips close over his, Sherlock realizes just how long it’s been since he’s kissed John—his lips are still somewhat sticky with John’s come.
As is always the case when John sings, Sherlock finds he is utterly transfixed, not just by John’s voice, but by the way he’s able to embody the song he’s singing. It isn’t just his voice—it’s in his face, his look—his entire being seems to carry the feeling of the song, seems to transport both himself and his listener to the moment, the mood that his words describe.
There’s a note of something almost like pain in John’s voice—something desperate, on the verge of breaking. “You don’t know what you’re asking for.”
Sherlock stiffens his spine in response, freezing where he stands by one of the towering coils of rope, waiting for the feeling of hollowness to lessen, for the ache—as though his insides have been scooped out—to subside.
A cheer goes up from the men on deck, and even though the shipmaster shouts at them for order, the feeling of their excitement fills the air like a physical presence.
John drops into a crouch beside him, his voice low enough that it cannot be heard over the din of the crowd by anyone other than Sherlock.
It’s lovely—it is, but in this moment Sherlock cannot handle soft and slow—he needs speed and heat and pressure. After watching John all afternoon and aching for him, this slow exploratory kissing isn’t enough. There’s a fire burning in him, and he wants more, he
John smiles at him then—a warm, golden smile that seems to get brighter the longer he looks at Sherlock.
John has never had trouble picking Sherlock up and the buoyancy of the water makes it easier than ever. Sherlock feels a fresh wave of desire overtake him as he feels his hips settle in against John’s torso. Sherlock loops his arms around John’s neck, twining his legs around John’s waist as he leans down to kiss him.
He gasped at the sensation, opening his mouth to deepen the kiss and Sherlock sank into him, angling his body closer, his hands tightening on John’s arms.
“No, I didn’t. I don’t know him well but it just seemed… uncharacteristic for him to lose control of himself like that. He wouldn’t drink to that excess.” Sherlock shakes his head. “He just wouldn’t.”
Sherlock rounded on him, his face stark with fury. “Don’t you dare tell me there was nothing I could have done! There was! There were a hundred things I could have done to prevent that from happening, instead of waiting until it was all over and there was nothing I could do, crouched there uselessly while an innocent
He presses his mouth in against the damp silk of John’s hair, breathing, breathing him in, one hand between John’s shoulder blades, pulling John to him, the other warm around the length of John, re-establishing the rhythm that made John’s breath go faint.
, Sherlock. Can you do that again? Whatever it was.” He licked his lips, tried to catch his breath. “Whatever it was, you just—”
He holds his mouth there, reverently, hands on Sherlock’s shoulders as he inhales deeply. Sherlock can hear the weight of emotion in his voice. His breathing is unsteady.
Leaning forward as far as he dares, Sherlock looks down the side of the ship to see John sitting astride the enormous anchor, the muscles in his thighs bulging where his knees grip the iron, his bare feet snug against the flukes. In one hand, he holds a giant metal spike. As precarious as his position might look, it’s clear from the ease in his posture that John has no fear of falling.
John rolls his hips again, making them both groan in unison, and Sherlock copies the movement beneath him, pushing his body up into the pressure of John’s and gasping at the feeling of John’s cock sliding against his between their bellies.
“There was no stake out,” Sherlock said, tugging his gloves back on over his knuckles with fastidious care.
“I’d like to raise a glass to Mr. Sherlock Holmes who, through some mysterious means that I understand as nothing short of miraculous, has finally freed us from the tyranny of that odious boil, Anderson. Here’s to Mr. Holmes—may he live long and prosperous and may he achieve whatever it is his heart most desires.”
He’s working so hard and so intently that he doesn’t realize how hot he has gotten until he feels John’s hand on his shoulder.
He pulled his mouth away from Sherlock’s—he was breathing so hard John was worried if he didn’t free up his mouth he wouldn’t get enough air—and pressed his forehead in against Sherlock’s cheek, his own breath growing increasingly ragged.
He turns to see Miss Hooper walking toward him, with her arm around Lieutenant Lestrade’s waist. She’s walking strangely with a heavy, shuffling step, and it takes him a moment to notice that her arm is not around his waist out of affection but rather because she is struggling to keep him on his feet.
“I wish I could go back in time and rip the throats out of everyone who’s ever said an unkind word to you, tear the eyes out of anyone who’s ever given you an unkind look…” John shakes his head, his gaze slipping away from Sherlock’s as he seems to look at something only he can see. “Fucking cowards the lot of them. Do you know why people have given you a hard time, Sherlock?”
