“Precisely,” Tony chuckled dryly, leaning his head against Steve’s. “Please don’t ever think I don’t want you two here, and with two kids on the way…fuck, I’m glad there’s three of us, that’s going to make things easier. We’re going to have two kids, Steve…”
“Are you sure it’s not a chore?” Steve teased, laughing when Bucky raised his head to give him a look. “I mean, we can just read tonight. Maybe have Tony tell us a story abou-mmph!”
Bucky still looked a little worried, though he relaxed a bit, his eyes flickering everywhere but directly at Steve.
“Bucky’s never made dinner. And what if we can’t tell?” Steve asked with a little smile, running his finger over the back of Tony’s hand. “You’re just going to help me make it anyway, aren’t you?”
“You’re asking if I’m okay? Tony…I can’t imagine what’s going through your head, don’t worry about me,” Steve said lowly, not wanting to wake Bucky, he felt like he and Tony needed to work some details out together before they talked to Bucky.
“…yeah, I want to lie down,” Bucky said, his voice tight and quiet, still feeling like someone had their hand around his throat. “I’m sorry, Steve, I should be stronger, I shouldn’t melt down over every single thing.”
“Hey…” Steve said, getting up from his chair to sit on the bed next to Bucky, pulling him into a hug with one arm. “Don’t worry, I’ve heard Tony is nice, just kind of weird. Not weird, that’s not really a nice word, but…quirky. I haven’t met him myself, but I know he’s really smart, and that he’s charitable. Don’t worry about it now when it’s just speculation, okay? You’ll drive yourself insane.”
“Pepper’s right, your people are expecting you,” Stane said, watching as the last of the lanterns were lit for Tony’s arrival. “Are you ready?”
“And I don’t feel like waiting either. Too much is at stake,” Stane pointed out. It was more than just comfort that was concerning him. Though at least he knew Steven and James were actually dead this time, even if it had taken a few of his own guards to do the job. At least one came back to tell him it was done.
“I don’t want you to doubt me…” Bucky said weakly, turning his head to cautiously look into Tony’s eyes.
“He knew the phrase, Steve…” Bucky pointed out, holding Steve’s shoulder as he looked over it. “Tony wouldn’t have given it to him if he didn’t trust him completely. And it looks like he’s saved us.”
Bucky opened his mouth, looking between them, and past them to their children who were all playing together peacefully for once. Around him was their home, in the middle of nowhere, though no one ever complained even though he knew it was with him in mind. In that moment, there was silence, except for the sound of the wind in the trees and a bird in the distance, and everything seemed so perfect that it couldn’t be real.
“Get it up, you’re doing great, baby,” Steve cooed, helping him hold the bucket, still rubbing his back. “It’s not much longer, you can do this, you’re stronger than anyone I’ve ever met.”
“You can call me Steve, if you want, Sire,” Steve said, holding his hands in front of himself, hoping they could make this a little less formal. He was so nervous, no one had ever taught him anything about the protocol of talking to the King.
“I…oh, wow,” Bucky’s cheeks began to burn as he felt his blood quickly moving south. “I think I’d like that a lot, I hope…I hope you’re happy with me.”
“The other thing we have to discuss is clothing,” Pepper opened her book again, ready to write with her sharpened pencil. “Is there a colour either of you would prefer for your clothes? We’re going to have our tailors start on some outfits for you to wear today, so they’ll be by later to measure you.”
“I never thought that I would get to the point of my life where I’d live in a house in the middle of nowhere Canada with a hose that we put in specifically for my third child. Not even in my nightmare scenario where I’ve lost everything,” Tony said with a false pained sigh, turning to look back at Bucky, who’d been joined by Steve again. “We could be living in the top cities in the world, in a mansion, with a team of nannies and housekeepers, you both know that, right?”
Tony’s fingers moved deftly as the man pursed his lips, holding in a deep breath he was barely aware of. His work was small and delicate, the tiny cogs and springs had to be placed just so or none of this was going to work. He was glad in that moment that he’d been blessed with steady hands, a gift which would have been more useful for a man that relied on his craft for survival, not for a man of his station. Something he’d been reminded of over the years since the death of his father, something he chose to ignore.
“You could have at least gotten our husband a five star bucket,” Steve joked, watching Bucky take a slow drink of his tea. “So how are we going to get him out of here when the time does come?”
“It’s in Yukon Territories, Canada, and near there is the only property I own that I know my father doesn’t know about,” Tony said with a shaky sigh. “I bought it a few weeks after I met you both, I wanted to insure Bucky’s safety if this happened.”
“I do. If I don’t find someone else, I’ll marry you. Deal?” Tony reached a hand out to shake Pepper’s, a smile on his face.
“And I’m eternally grateful,” Bucky smiled, enjoying the feeling of being close to Steve, though he knew in his heart this picture wasn’t perfect. “I miss Tony.”
“Don’t forget that gel,” Bucky said, pointing to a bottle on the coffee table. “You put that on my stomach so the wand moves over it easier.”
“I’m not cold, I’m scared!” Bucky insisted, unable to help the tears that were rising in his eyes. “I’m sorry, I love you two so much, I didn’t mean to yell.”
“I will only darken your doorstep for as long as I’m welcome,” Von Doom said politely, turning around and nodding back at some of his servants. As they emerged from the shadows with a medium sized chest, Von Doom waited for them to set it down before he opened it. Inside were bars of a silvery metal, each stamped with the Von Doom family crest. “For you, King Anthony, the best Latveria has to offer.”
“Yeah, and it’s a good arm,” Natasha smiled, trying to give him some confidence, but knowing she wasn’t quite succeeding. “You’re able to do pretty much anything anyone else can do, you just do it different.”
Steve had been about to offer to have a bacon cheeseburger and Coke delivered for lunch when he realized what Bucky had said, his words hitting him like ice water down his back. Fourteen years of imprisonment, an entire childhood lost, and for why, he still didn’t understand. But nothing he could think of justified what they were doing to him.
“We’re going to have so much fun together,” Steve sighed happily, watching the two of them as he lay blissed out on endorphins and love.
“I would like that,” Bucky nodded, pleased with himself, and actually curious about this workshop Tony disappeared into. “I mean, maybe I can help you. Somehow.”
When Steve had first come to to Stark Industries, his orientation had been a pleasant experience. He’d joined the company at the same time as two other women, and after pictures were taken for badges, they’d discussed the clearance and security system over a vanilla and strawberry layer cake. He was shown his first office, which he’d shared with three other people at that point, and told what was and wasn’t allowed for decor. It was all pretty standard, and by the time lunch break was over, Steve was going over the presentation about company standards regarding dealing with customers. After he’d finished that, he was given a rather large gift basket of shirts, a coffee mug, and a few other Stark branded items that he’d struggled to take home on the bus, feeling like an idiot trying to hold everything on his lap. It had been a good first day, as first days went, though he had to admit he didn’t feel like a member of “Team Stark” quite yet. He’d give it time though, this was a great job, he just had to give it one hundred percent. He had to give it a real chance.
“Here…” Tony carefully lifted the lid, showing Bucky the innards of the music box. “Turn the handle and just watch, you’ll see how it works.”
Pausing as the people began to cheer and sing again, the corners of his mouth tugging up in a smile as he heard his name. This was a real start, this was good, he really was going to start taking his position more seriously. Hopefully whoever was chosen would be supportive of Tony spending his time between being both a King and an inventor.
“Uhm…I don’t know, older than twenty, I guess…not older than, say, forty five,” Tony shrugged, still playing with the paperweight. “Male, female, other…none of that bothers me. Neither does family background, or kingdom of origin. If their father or sister did something, I don’t want that held against them. It doesn’t really matter where they come from.”
“We don’t have crowns made up, do we?” the priest asked in a shaky voice as he slowly got up and moved over to them.
“Burn some corpses up?” Clint suggested, looking at Natasha, and shrugging. “I mean, if we dug two up and lit the beds on fire.”
“I’m sure I will, I-“ Steve stepped forward into the room, not sure what to expect when he saw easels set up around the room, shelves lining the walls covered in paints and supplies. Hanging on the walls were countless paintings, works of art that varied from portraits of Tony to images of nature. This was a professional studio, though whose he didn’t know, but his fingers were itching to touch everything in the room.
“Do you want to tell Tony?” Steve asked, hoping he wasn’t going to have to hide something from his other boyfriend, but he knew he had to respect Bucky’s decision in this.
“There’s no rush, Steve, I have to head to D.C. tomorrow for a week, and if you don’t find a place in that time, then that’s fine too, we have a spare room for a reason,”  Peggy said, looking at him sadly as she reached out to rub his shoulder, giving it an affectionate squeeze. “I love you too, Steve, and I hope we’ll be friends after this because I would miss you so much if you weren’t in my life.”
“I’m proud of that fact,” Pepper smiled a little, the compliment warming her heart. Here he was so upset and grief stricken, and he still cared about her. “Sire-“
“He didn’t randomly pick her,” Stane pointed out, pacing back and forth behind the chair he’d been sitting in. “You could be putting us in danger!”
“I’ll start here. Don’t tell us til the end, we need to build suspense,” Tony said, figuring he’d seen them moving in that area not long before. “Okay, that’s an octopus. Where do I go go now?”
“Steven Rogers,” Steve replied as Tony pointed to him, not sure if he should bow or nod his head, instead going with an awkward version of the two.
“What i-“ Bucky started, but he was quickly silenced by his shock. In Tony’s arms was a leather harness attached to a wooden left arm, one perfectly sized for him, polished and shining in the sunlight streaming through the window. “T-Tony..it-it’s…”
“Of course, Bucky,” Sarah said as she took his hand, squeezing it between both of hers, smiling at him warmly. “I’ll be happy for you if you win. I wish you nothing but good.”
“Not a problem. Had some fakes made up, they’re in the glove compartment,” Tony said, nodding his head towards it. “Everything’s taken care of, I had the house stocked up, there’s fire wood…”
“Commoners have no idea how to behave like royalty, that’s absolutely out of the question,” Stane said, clearing his throat as he wondered how his sainted sister could produce such a challenging offspring. “I have four nobles selected for you to choose from, two men and two women, and you can pick one of them. They’ll have more of an idea of how to rule than someone off the streets.”
“I want tax to…depending on what we have in our coffers, I want it frozen,” Tony stressed as Pepper picked up her notebook to write Tony’s ideas in it. “I want our people to have a break for at least a year, I want to give them a break from taxation.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, it was nice to meet you,” Steve said, nodding to Christine as she left the room, before turning to face Bucky, who had gone back to sit on the edge of his bed, looking down at his feet as he kicked at a spot on the floor. Hitting the blue button to open his room, Steve stepped inside, nervously clutching the box as he mentally begged for Bucky to like him. “…I brought a treat, they didn’t say you couldn’t have junk food…”
“They do, yes,” nodded Bucky, still feeling flushed, kicking himself hard mentally for saying anything. He’d already screwed up, he might as well keep going with it. “They like more upbeat songs in the daytime, and slow ones at night. But they always stay by my side if I sing to them, none of them try to wander off.”
“I’m not a surgeon!” the doctor screamed, grabbing a t-shirt that was lying on the chair, balling it up and pressing it against Bucky’s heavily bleeding shoulder. “He needs to go to a hospital!”
“Our Bucky.” Tony whispered, the ache in his chest growing, not realizing that the sobs he was hearing were his own. Hanging onto both of his husbands, all he could do was weep as they waited desperately through each second for the help that couldn’t come fast enough.
“You mean on a tropical island? I mean I won’t lie, it definitely makes me think we should fly out to Malibu more often-”
“I don’t see myself going anywhere.” The man with the hat shifted to look at Steve. “Who is this fellow here?”
“Thanks, Steve, it smells delicious, but Watson already fixed me something,” Tony gave him an apologetic face. “It's been a long time since I had his bland cooking, but it’s very filling. I can hardly move. Maybe Watson will want it. Are you still hungry, Watson?”
Tony stilled at this, turning around to look fully up at him. “Well, it’s been a good ten years since we’ve all been in the same place. It’s been fun catching up. But I’m definitely ready to go home. What is this about?”
The two men stepped back startled by the outburst, but their arms never separated. The man with the large hat clung to Tony and shook his head in astonishment. “Holmes, is that really you? What on Earth is happening, and what are you
“Tony?” he tried one more time. When Tony pulled away slightly from the embrace it encouraged him to further ask, “What’s going on here? Who is this?”
Tony smiled, genuinely smiled, and Steve came to realize he hadn’t seen that smile in such a long time. Not a smile Tony meant. “It’s… a bit of a long story, old friend,” he said to the man. That unfamiliar accent still in his voice.
The man placed a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony didn’t pull away or flinched. If anything he actually seemed to lean into it. “Holmes is there someplace I can rest? I’ve no clue what I just experienced, but I feel I’ll fall any second.”
The sound of the crashing waves faded away as Steve pulled Tony into another kiss, swallowing their laughter against his lips.
He spoke slowly and deliberately, each word striking Steve right in the gut, squeezing his chest and sucking all the oxygen out of the room. “I’m sorry. I know you were only doing what you believed was helping me, and that’s all you can really do. Every time I think of the past, of who I used to be, of all the things I’ve done, I feel like I’m drowning.” Bucky swallowed tightly, “and every time you look at me, I see you expecting, wanting,
“Well that’s a little on the nose isn’t it?” Steve chuckled to himself. He should have thought of that himself in the first place.
“James Buchanan Barnes,” it was Bucky’s turn for the priest’s attention, the old man laying his hand on his armless shoulder. “Do you accept these two men into your heart? Do you pledge to give them the best of yourself every single day? Do you swear your loyalty to them through troubles or triumphs?”
“As far as we can figure, they were never any sort of target, but we did give them more security just to be certain,” Fury said, looking over at Bucky. “New security in Natasha’s case, I heard what happened to the ones who were supposed to be watching over you.”
“Has he been arrested?” questioned Bucky, really hoping the answer to that was yes. He didn’t want to have to be afraid any longer.
“You’re doing great, Buck, you’re doing it,” Steve cheered him on, though he knew they weren’t out of this yet. He could hear the fire starting to crackle downstairs, and he knew that this whole place was so full of hay for insulation that it would go up fast. “Keep going, and then we can get out of here. Both of us.”
“I won’t,” Tony watched at Steve slowly drifted off to sleep, not looking entirely comfortable in his chair, as he put his feet on the bottom of the hospital bed. With his elbows planted on the thin mattress of the hospital bed beside Bucky, Tony leaned in and buried his face against his hands, fingers carding though his hair as the tears squeezed out between his eyelids, running down his palm. In that moment, all the pain of the day caught up with him hard, and he knew then that it was going to continue to weigh on him for a long time. If they long the twins, it was going to be forever.
“You think that was the shocking part about what you said? Really?” Sam said, chuckling a bit himself, shaking his head as he built himself a sandwich with toast and omelette. “I didn’t think you could surprise me any more but damn, I don’t think you could have possibly…”
“Tell you what, wait until I know what I’m doing so I don’t waste your time,” Steve’s cheeks flushed, realizing what a chance he had for some private alone time with Tony. “I’m going to work on it so hopefully that won’t be too far away.”
“Yeah, it’s frozen pineapple, pineapple juice, vanilla protein powder, and vanilla Greek yogourt. You said you didn’t like mango, I thought pineapple was safe,” Steve said, sitting across from him, leaning forward on the back of the chair as he ignored the comment about Bucky wrecking his life, not wanting to get into an argument about it. “I can make you a strawberry banana one if you want.”
“If only for the eagle attacks,” Steve said, smiling through the sadness he felt welling in his chest. As funny as this was, it was just another example of what Bucky had been deprived of, normal everyday things that he’d taken for granted.
“You’re not going to embarrass me. I got drunk and threw up on Princess Angela of the Asgardians,” Tony couldn’t help but smile at that. He was lucky King Odin and the Princes didn’t come after him for that one. “I embarrass myself more than anyone else can, I assure you.”
“Fuck…” pinching the bridge of his nose, Tony took a few deep breaths, remembering that he was supposed to be mourning on top of this newfound stress. “What have I done?”
“Are you kidding? That’s the most fun thing we do, of course I want to have sex again,” Bucky said, blushing when both of his husbands burst out laughing. “Shut up, both of you.”
“I haven’t been told it’s not,” Tony shrugged, still giggling every time he remembered that they both wanted to marry him. He probably shouldn’t have drunk so much. “I’m going to tell Pepper about this and everything will get moving and we’ll have a wedding in six days.”
“Yeah, I guess I should,” sighed Steve, bringing his hand up to try knocking again, maybe better this time, when the door opened and Natasha appeared before him. Dropping his hand back down, he clasped them behind himself nervously, forcing a smile. “Hi, uhm…is Bucky around?”
“There’s definitely only two, right?” Tony said, looking at both of his babies on the screen, unable to keep smiling. Of course he was worried, but he was letting himself have this moment before he gave in to fretting.
“What does it matter what Bucky wants? Tony, he’s not a person, not any more, he’s been removed from the grid, he died when he was three,” Howard said, shaking his head at his son’s reaction to his wonderful news. “He knows he’s yours, he’s always known that.”
“Are you kidding? Watching you now is one of the greatest gifts I could be given,” Steve walked over, touching Bucky’s wood hand, taking it in his own. “Seeing my Bucky happy is better than anything Tony could have built me.”
Steve had been told that his hours were his to decide, but he still got up at the same time he always did. He had always been a creature of habit, it was going to be hard shifting his sleep schedule around if Bucky needed him at night. Waking up at five, he went for his run, showered, and made himself a protein smoothie before seeing Peggy off to work, not feeling like having the talk with her just yet. He was still waiting on his motorcycle, which he’d been told it was being shipped from California, and the company credit card was coming in tomorrow, so it was the bus as usual for him. Making an extra stop downtown at his favourite bakery to pick up a treat for Bucky and himself, he was quickly back on the bus and headed to Stark Industries.
Nothing, not even Howard Stark, was going to come between them now. He was going to make sure of it.
Bucky climbed out of bed just after four in the morning for his third trip to the bathroom that night, his back aching more than usual as he shuffled to the bathroom. He’d managed to get away this time without waking anyone, though that was probably because both Tony and Steve had been up with him during his other bathroom breaks and they needed the sleep. Bucky didn’t mind, they’d been spoiling him continuously since he was put on strict bed rest a few weeks before. He felt guilty that they’d been working so hard for him, but he knew deep down that they would probably rather do that and ensure he and the babies were fine than have Bucky do his share of the dishes.
“Hm,” Tony thought for a moment, finally setting the paperweight back down in its spot. “That’s interesting.”
“Von Doom, I do have something to tell you, but I don’t think you’re going to like hearing it,” Stane frowned, his hands flexing on the sides of the ring. “Tony has made a decision in regards to his upcoming wedding. He wants to marry them both.”
“Are you okay, Steve?” Peggy asked, putting down her eye pencil to walk over to him, putting the back of her hand against his brow.
“It’s going to be okay, Buck, we’re okay,” Steve kept a tight arm around him, talking out loud both to soothe Bucky’s nerves and his own. “Everything is going to be just fine.”
“Can you marry us both?” Steve asked, handing Tony his glass and wrapping a strong arm around Bucky’s shoulders to pull him close. “Is this realistic? Can this actually happen?”
“We can’t have him thinking he’s a bad husband,” Tony shrugged, trying not to laugh as he moved closer to Bucky, already breathing harder in anticipation. “Steve, flip him onto his hand and knees, let’s tackle this with a better position.”
“Just a bit of one…” Tony said, snatching both pieces of paper to look them over, checking his seal to see which one was counterfeit. They both appeared fine, though, completely official in every way. Taking a deep breath in, he looked at his uncle for a moment as if expecting to be told that this was a stupid idea.
“Uhm, not often, really. I don’t have a good sense of the movement of time because it was the same thing every day, but I’d say…maybe once a month?” Bucky said, making a scrunched up face as he tried to think about it more intently. “He always made sure I had a picture of you on my wall, and he’d tell me that you were going to have children with me. I didn’t know if you would raise them with me or just use me for breeding, though, he never said what kind of person you were, and he never said if you’d even like me. Just that you were very smart, and that I was going to make smart children with you.”
“What did my mother know? What did you know before you came here?” Tony shrugged, taking the fresh coffee with a smile.
“Uatu, the Watcher, is always looking down on us,” the priest continued, his voice trembling as he spoke out loud enough for everyone to hear. “He was watching down on those who wished ill for Steven and James, he was watching when that person had them torn from this life, and he was watching when King Anthony learned of his loss. Though he does not interfere in any way, that does not mean he doesn’t have his eyes focused on us all. He is here in this room right now, looking down on us, recording our words and actions for the other Gods to examine.”
“I’m pretty sure the King has people to embroider for his occasions, and I’m not definitely marrying him. Don’t forget about Bucky,” Steve reminded her, getting back up on his feet to grab more food.
“Easy, write down the family name on a list along with their number,” Tony grinned, pointing down at her paper. “Write all this down, we don’t want to forget anything.”
“Thank you,” Bucky said, chuckling a little as he watched Eddie looking between the sand airport and Laika lying on her back, going straight for the dog. “I bet the kids would have loved the old road before you got it fixed.”
“He’s there now?” Stane immediately sprung into action, pushing past his assistant and all but running down the corridors. He was an active man, but he was also a big one, and he was quickly out of breath by the time he got downstairs. Making his way through the people, he tried not to push as he moved through the crowd, but he was quickly getting frustrated with those in his way.
“That doesn’t explain most of what I asked,” Steve walked over to sit next to Bucky, putting an arm around him. He had a feeling whatever happened, he wasn’t going to like it.
“…what are the police doing with you, Tony?” Bucky asked, sounding scared as his hand squeezed his husband’s.
‘Give me a break,’ thought Stane, mentally scoffing at the religious bullshit the priest was spewing. He believed in the Gods about as much as he believed that he could sprout wings and fly around the room. The superstitious nonsense he endured to just live in normal society was annoyingly high sometimes.
“You are, and you can’t argue against both of us,” Tony stepped in, lying down on his couch, pointing over at Bucky. “What have I told you about arguing against us when it comes to the subject of your greatness?”
“Considering you’re the oldest here, you don’t act it,” Steve had to laugh at Tony’s dramatics, rolling his eyes as he got to his feet and walked over to a bookcase in the corner. Reaching behind it, he pulled out a covered picture frame about waist height on him, carrying it over. “So I made a painting for you both, it’s my first large portrait I’ve done, and…I had to do it from memory, obviously, but…”
“I had a family once, but they died in a car accident, my father, my mother, my sister…” Bucky began, dropping the cards to wrap his arms around himself again, his breathing shaky and uneven. “My arm was ripped off, I was dying, and Stark Industries heard about me somehow. They faked my death at the hospital, and then they brought me here and saved my life. They build an arm for me, but they did medical tests on me, but it wasn’t just me, there were others. I’m the only one the tests worked on, though, so they kept me here. I don’t know what happened to the others…I-O don't know if that's enough for eight...”
“That doesn’t exactly fill me with confidence,” Tony grumbled, his mind playing every single scenario where one or both of them stomped out on him. “If they leave, I marry someone of my Uncle’s choice.”
“Seriously?” Steve’s jaw dropped, absolutely shocked that the polite, gentle man he’d had a few conversations with would do all of that. Though he supposed the best place to hide if you were committing acts like that might be right in the open.
“I can’t give that back, I can’t give you the time I didn’t come crawling to you apologizing back either,” Steve said, watching Bucky, looking for any sign of the mercy he didn’t deserve. “I don’t know what I can give you, Bucky, but I want to do something. Please tell me what I can do. You can hit me, you can kick me, you can tell me off, anything.”
“Give him a moment, then we’ll go up,” Steve listened for a moment to see if he could hear Bucky in their room, his hand moving from Tony’s wrist to his hand. “I don’t think this was something your father went over with him, he’s kind of talking like this is his purpose in life again so I’m guessing he’s going back to that nonsense to figure out a way of coping with two babies in him at once.”
“Uncle, something’s going on,” Tony sat upright, looking into Stane’s eyes as he kept his voice stern and serious. “I didn’t want to get into this until after the wedding, but someone is stealing from the crown, from the people. Taxes are through the roof for the peasants, but I’ve asked about the state of our own coffers and we don’t have much. We definitely don’t have the money we should considering what people have been paying.”
“That would be great, are you sure?” Steve hadn’t really thought about where to hang it, but he was pleased that Tony wanted to showcase it in such a good spot.
“I believe you had no idea this was going on, but, did anything seem weird fourteen years ago?” Steve asked, hoping to get some more answers, looking for any kind of logic to what happened.
“I’m sure,” Steve let Tony guide him into position, finally stilling his hips as he waited for Tony to enter him, knowing he could continue then. “Bucky, do you want me to do anything different? Are things good?”
Steve tightened his arm around Bucky, his brow furrowing as he looked at Tony, only coming to one conclusion here. “I’m going to carry him,” he said casually as if it was nothing to carry a thirty five week pregnant man a quarter of a mile.
“My name is Steve Rogers…you can call me anything you want, Steve, Steven, Mr. Rogers, whatever makes you comfortable…” Steve said, deciding to give the kid a bit of choice in his otherwise captive life. He felt both guilty for Bucky and frightened for himself, but he wasn’t going to let Bucky down if he could help it. If everyone else was going to make his life hell, maybe he could be a spot of relief. “I don’t know what you want me to call you, I know th-“
“No, I’m okay...” Bucky said, letting Gwen take his finger, watching in awe as she gripped it. “When were they born? How long ago?”
“Our court artist, Janet Van Dyne, and now you,” Tony grinned, excited for Steve and Janet to meet. “She’s wonderful, you’ll like her a lot, but she says she’s happy to share her space and supplies with a fellow artist.”
“It’s…Peg, I love you, you’re amazing…” Steve began, shaking his head as everything in him screamed at him not to break Peggy’s heart.
“We can’t be together,” said Bucky with sad finality, looking up at Steve. “One of us is going to be promised to Tony.”
“Come in. But I can hear you wherever you are in this suite,” Natasha warned Steve as she backed off, going to take a seat, crossing her arms and legs.
“How about you let me come up with something that won’t burn down everything?” Strange said as he watched Tony examine the contents of a shelf beside his head. “I think I can come up with something…light and fun.”
“They want to watch you longer, then I’ll carry you out to the car when they say it’s okay. We might have to stay a while though, is that okay?” Steve asked, having already spoken to the doctor about how soon they could leave on Bucky’s behalf.
“Uhm…” Steve took a moment to think about how to best put this, not wanting to upset Tony more than he was. “He doesn’t hate you, but he was afraid you’d use him, take the kid, and leave him in his cell. You have to understand he probably thought you were like Howard.”
“Father said he’s installed a perimeter around the mansion, I won’t be able to leave there like I can’t leave here,” Bucky said softly, looking utterly defeated as he hugged himself tightly. “…if I did get out, I…I’m legally dead, I can have children and if I do get pregnant, there’s nowhere for me to go for help because no one knows what they did to me. No matter what I do, I have to hide away from the world for the rest of my life.”
“What are their names? I’ll have them fetched from the crowd,” Stane offered, stepping out of the shadows, his hands tented in front of him. “Their names?”
“This place is beyond…can you imagine what selling this artwork alone would do for the peasants?” Natasha asked between bites of meat, looking around the room to see what they could steal if Bucky lost. She definitely didn’t plan on leaving empty handed.
“Just write out a bunch of numbers, hand them out, and then pull one from a hat,” Tony said matter of factly as he went to sit on the corner of the desk Pepper used, picking up a paper weight and tossing it from hand to hand. “I think you’re making this a lot more complicated than it needs to be.”
Bucky stared at the large window behind Howard’s desk, floor to ceiling with a beautiful view of the back gardens around the waterfall that fell into the pool, and he couldn’t tell if the water or the sky was more blue.
“I didn’t know you sang,” Steve whispered to Bucky as Tony took their glasses off them to refill again.
“I am-I am NOTHING like him,” Tony insisted, still keeping his voice low. “I will figure out a way to make this right, as right as I can, and I’m starting with calling the police and getting my father out of this house.” He looked at Steve again before walking over to Bucky, his heart aching at the tears running down Bucky’s face as he stared forward, looking like he was in a state of shock. “Bucky, anything you want, anything at all, you can ask me for it and I’ll do anything to make it happen.”
“This ball is not in my court, baby, this is your call,” Tony said gently, not wanting his needs to push Bucky in the least, he had to want this for himself. Watching as Bucky nervously bit on his lip, breathing hard, Tony gave him a reassuring smile, trying to diffuse his anxiety. “We can wait if you need to.”
“Of course, I brushed it a hundred times a day,” Sarah said proudly, bringing her hand up to her blonde locks. “You won’t take much, will you?”
“I’m so glad you like it,” grinned Steve, happily carrying his work of art over to Tony, passing it up to him on the chair and watching as he hung it up. “Little to the left, little…perfect. Right there.”
“…can I ask why?” Steve asked, not sure if he should be getting into questions quite yet. He’d just really met Bucky, he probably shouldn’t be getting too personal with him now.
“I’m okay with doing this now,” Bucky said, figuring there was no point putting a shirt on for a woman that was going to see him naked soon.
Going through the new door at the east side of the building felt odd, it wasn’t the usual team of Theo and Rana at the metal detector, but an older man named Jamal. Not knowing if he should try to make friends with security here, he decided to play it safe and keep his interaction to a smile and nod before he headed for the elevator. It felt strange for him, he always tried to get to know everyone, he prided himself on knowing most of the staff in his old section by name, along with any other bits of information they dropped in conversation, he wanted to get along with the people he worked for. But now he only had Bucky, it seemed, he was going to have to be anti-social when it came to work. He’d have to ask Ms. Carr for a suitable excuse he should give his old friends when they asked where he’d gone and why they can’t visit. It was a sacrifice he hadn’t thought about.
“We are, but this isn’t done yet,” smiled Tony, having a quick word with the priest before picking up one of the crowns. “My husbands, Steven and James, kneel before me.”
“You like that?” Tony asked, slowly moving his fingers deeper within Steve, wiggling them experimentally as he drew them out a little, only to push them back in. “How’s that, Steve? Think you can get used to this?”
“I don’t know. I just…sometimes I think it’s convenient for them that I do like men,” admitted Bucky as he squeezed Tony’s hand in his own, chewing on his lip as he tried to think this all over. “But Steve said to me that if it’s what I really feel now, then that’s what’s going to be real for me. I don’t want to be with a girl, I don’t want to be with anyone but you and Steve, and I want that with all my heart so how could it be anything less than real?”
“Not quite. Steve, his eyes,” Tony ordered as Steve covered Bucky’s eyes with his hands, watching to make sure the youngest man couldn’t see anything before he walked over to the corner. Picking up a wood box, he carried it over and placed it on his couch in front of Bucky. Opening it, he lifted his creation up, a brilliant work of wood, iron, and leather, and nodded at Steve to lift his hands away.
“YES!” Pepper slammed her book down on the desk, unable to take any more of Tony’s crap at the moment, king or not. “This is formal, important, and RIGHT NOW!”
“What if I don’t get picked? What if someone moves into our house with it being empty?” Steve asked, sitting up a bit until Jarvis’s gentle hand on his shoulder kept him in place. “We didn’t even think about losing our home.”
“Thank you very much,” Steve said graciously, taking the box from him, opening it to reveal a paintbrush finer than anything Steve had ever seen in his life. “Oh my gods, this is…this is beautiful. So much better than anything I’ve used. Thank you again.”
“A contract? For what? I don’t even know what I’m doing,” Steve said, taking the closest seat to her, though he did pull it back a bit further.
“What do they do?” Bucky asked, looking at them all, not sure if he should touch them or not. On closer inspection, they didn’t look like the toys he was used to seeing.
“Alright,” Steve agreed after a moment of thought as he tried to ignore his headache from lack of sleep. He was no help in the current state he was in, he needed to rest up a bit so he could look after Bucky and their babies. “You wake me the second he’s awake, right? Do you need a coffee or anything?”
“I think you have it, Bucky,” Tony said as the last little piece splintered away, frowning when he saw the spot of blood on Bucky’s shirt. “No no no, you’re done. No more.” Reaching for Bucky, he wasn’t surprised when the younger man pulled away, going at a bit of floor that didn’t appear to have anything on it. “Bucky!”
“We’ve worked jobs together,” Natasha said with a shrug, acting as casual as she could in her light pink nightdress with a dagger in her hand. “He’s a good guy, very trustworthy.”
“Ask Janet, she’ll know,” Tony smiled, genuinely thrilled that Steve was going to be happier here now. He wanted him to think that the whole castle was going to be his home, not just a few rooms. “And bring your mother, there’s no reason why you can’t, I don’t think Janet keeps this place too secretive.”
“No! No, you can’t do this!” Stane shouted as Fury pulled his hands behind his back to bind them together. “I made this stupid fucking kingdom and it will fall apart without me! Everything will fall apart, and I will laugh in your faces!”
“Yeah, we find someone here that knows their stuff when it comes to etiquette and speaking like royalty, and we get them to teach you everything,” Natasha said matter of factly, giving Bucky a wide smile. “Trust me, if you can beat Steve Rogers at something, it has to be this. He might have two arms, but you’re smart.”
Sam wasn’t sure what to say, his jaw hanging open a little as he processed everything Steve had said, shocked to say the least. He didn’t know what he’d expected when he’d asked Steve what was wrong, but it wasn’t anything close to the truth. He was pretty sure that he couldn’t have imagined that.
“Okay…uhm…I can bring healthier treats if you want, less time on the bike,” Steve offered, wondering now how many cupcakes Bucky should have, though he wasn’t about to deny him one. He just hoped it didn’t mean Bucky would have to be on the bike all afternoon.
“I have like a week,” Tony’s voice was small as he brought his other hand up to his face, covering both eyes and slouching forward. “I’m getting married in eight days, and I have to have them ready to go for it to.”
“I can’t do this…” Bucky wept, shaking like a leaf, feeling like he was going to be sick to his stomach. “Steve, help me, I can’t do this…”
“I…that would be great,” Bucky took a deep breath, forcing a smile, really trying to be more pleasant than he normally felt.
“That’s not the point, the point is that you could be bringing anyone into this household,” Stane was angry, and his wine wasn’t coming fast enough. “What you are doing is irresponsible!”
“We don’t have time!” Steve rushed over to the spot Bucky opened up, looking at the ends of broken wood, hoping they didn’t get injured badly trying to get through the hole.
“See, everything’s under control. Well, except the draw, obviously, but we can work with that,” Tony laughed, finding himself a little nervous in front of Steve and Bucky. He wanted them to like him, but he didn’t know how genuinely likeable he was as everyone just put up with his shit with a smile on their face. “Though I like this, I think fate has brought you both to me, and then hopefully my heart will do the rest.”
“We’ll worry about it another time anyway,” Steve said passively, laughing as well as he looked down at his bare feet. It had always been so easy to flirt with Bucky, but it was kind of different with the three of them so far. He was sure all the pressure they’d been under didn’t help either.
“…we don’t have long to go, can you hold out another quarter mile?” Tony asked, wishing he could do something to ease this pain for Bucky, hating to see him like this. He had to remind himself that it was going to be worth it, but at this point it was hard to keep that in his mind.
“Agreed,” Tony got to his feet, heading for the stairs and hoping that Bucky was alright at the top of them. Walking up into their room, Tony wasn’t surprised to see Bucky lying in the middle of the bed, under the blankets, with his face buried in his pillows. “Bucky, baby…”
“They do watch executions, I don’t know if you can beat that,” Stane said dryly, not quite on board with paying for a virtual circus to appease his nephew.
“Okay, so…” Tony had been to a lot of weddings in his lifetime, just none of them were anything like this. Hell, he thought his own would come with a lot more pageantry when the day came. He liked this better. “How about we sit together, and we have to think up a short thing to say to the other two people, and then the other two will put their ring on them. And then we kiss, and you’ll be all ours.”
“Later!” Christine smiled, waving at Steve before she took the blood pressure machine from the room and disappeared.
“W-wh-what…?” Stane got to his feet as instructed, though he didn’t bow to the crowd, he only stared at Steve and Bucky, then back at Tony. “Nephew, this isn’t what it looks like…”
“And what does Bucky want??” Tony yelled back at him, burying his face in his hands as panic tore through his body. “I’m going to be fucking sick…"
“I was so scared…” Bucky wept brokenly, curling up against Steve, holding onto him with his one arm. “I just wanted you.”
“And what happens to me when he’s done with me?” Bucky asked desperately, his wild hair framing his tear drenched cheeks, eyes bright blue and red lined.
“You’re sure you can’t go with fire? Fire’s impressive,” Tony nodded, finishing his tea and setting down the delicate china on his own table.
“It’s fine, it can be cleaned, just sit down,” Tony insisted, gesturing to the servant again to bring some more whiskey for the men. “Sit, please, don’t hesitate in the least. I can see what you’re wearing, and I’m still telling you to go ahead, right?”
“Keep your hair, you have beautiful hair…” Tony reached up to pull the elastic off of Bucky’s ponytail, putting it on his wrist so he was free to run his fingers through the soft strands. Looking down at Bucky, his hand tightening in the young man’s hair to tilt his head, he didn’t have time to think as he leaned down and pressed their lips together. Closing his eyes, Tony moaned softly into the kiss as he pushed Bucky back up against his work desk, leaning him into it.
“I bet it does,” Steve grinned, slowly pushing in another finger as Bucky began to relax, amazed by how tight he felt. “The thought of you fingering yourself is fucking hot, by the way.”
“What did the Princess do?” Steve asked, unable to help his curiosity. “I don’t imagine princesses get thrown up on much.”
Steve jumped, sending a scoop of protein powder across the counter instead of into the blender with the spinach, chia seeds, and frozen blueberries he’d taken forever to put in there. He’d been slowing down for weeks now with all the pressure of Howard Stark on this conscience, even though he’d only seen him a handful of times since he began his job with Bucky. He found himself getting increasingly paranoid, which wasn’t helping his routine, especially his sleep schedule. It was getting harder to hide it from Peggy, even with her work schedule taking her out of town every few days. He knew he couldn’t keep putting it off, he couldn’t lead her on forever that he was in love with her, especially now that he could be putting her in the line of danger.
“What, getting in the car with three things?” Bucky asked, breathing slowly with his eyes closed, trying not to get sick. “Four if you include me.”
He should be used to this, he should have spoken in front of crowds dozens of times by now, yet here he was as new to this as Bucky and Steve would be. It wasn’t that he was afraid, he just felt like he couldn’t possibly do a decent job of this. He was going to have to get good though, and fast, he’d run out of time to just slack off.
Renting a grey SUV, Steve loaded up the trunk whilst Tony messed with the GPS, putting in the location of their cabin so Steve could get them there. Tony had drank entirely too much on the plane, his mind having not reminded him that there was a driving portion to this escape, so he was thankful when Steve offered to drive.
“Hey…” Tony said, stepping into the room and walking over to the bed, sitting on the edge of it. “How’s Bucky doing? Did you take him in the sun room when I was gone?”
Nodding at her, Steve stepped slowly into the bedroom, not surprised how much it smelled like cleaning solution. Everything in the room was spotless, except for the bed which was unmade and obviously well slept in. All the books and video games on the shelves were organized, the walls empty except for a few shelves with neat little toys on them, and the floor bare everywhere but where Bucky sat, a large flat pillow underneath him. The only thing that Steve couldn’t begin to explain was a single picture on the wall of Tony Stark, Howard Stark’s son and heir to Stark Industries, that raised a lot more questions than he felt comfortable asking right now.
“We can play this til you know everything about me, it’s okay,” Steve said as he watched Bucky take another card and hold it up. “Oh wow, a King, how much does that count for, is this like Blackjack and it’s a ten?” Watching Bucky nod, he took a deep breath, holding both hands up with fingers splayed. “My mom’s name is Sarah, I like apple shampoo, I drink my coffee with two creams, I suck at hockey, my favourite holiday is Christmas, I like Sam Adams beer, I’ve only left America once to go to Mexico, my first car was a Ford Escort that I crashed into a tree, the first time I got drunk I accidentally peed in the laundry hamper, and I love peanut butter.”
“I’m guessing you don’t like on a tiny bit more than the other…” Rhodey could see the conflict in Tony’s expression, he knew this wasn’t some shallow decision for him. He was taking this choice very seriously, and Rhodey had to say he was proud of him for it.
“Th-thanks,” Bucky pursed his lips, feeling a lump in his throat that he took a deep breath in through his nostrils. He wanted to sound more genuine, more passionate, like he truly meant that thanks from the bottom of his heart. Most of all, he wished his voice hadn’t cracked.
“I will have the life I want, Uncle…” Tony sighed, shaking his head as he struggled with saying what was on the tip of his tongue. If it was anyone else, he would stay quiet, but he could trust Stane with his life. “They’re alive.”
“I’m already going out of my mind. If you don’t go now, my head is going to explode,” Tony tried to sound serious, but his voice broke as he used his hands to mime his head exploding in a ball of fire. “Steve, save me, Steve…”
“The one time in life that I actually want my father around and I can’t trust him enough to even let him know where we are,” Tony grumbled, lacing his fingers with Steve’s, tugging him closer so he could wrap an arm around him. “I will never forgive him for this, but don’t think that means I regret you and Bucky at all. You’re a product of something awful done in my name, but I’m still fucking blessed to have you.”
“Sarah has a point, we should work together,” Natasha said after a few seconds of silence, feeling Bucky’s glare without looking over to confirm it. “We’re competitors, but we might need to help each other out. We can look after each other as a group.”
“We do,” Bucky said, wondering how out of touch the King was as he clinked his glass against Tony’s, not making a fuss when Steve’s hand brushed against his. “Cheers.”
“Not at all, I was just packing and doing laundry, and then and seeing if I had time for a nap before you called. This is actually more convenient,” she said as she looked at Bucky, still amazed every time that a young man was carrying twins for as long as he had. “I will be up there and able to see Bucky in person this weekend.”
“Thank you for doing this for me,” Bucky said, watching him as he rested his head against Steve’s shoulder.
Tony realizes what's happening behind his back, and Steve and Bucky get comfortable in their hiding spot.
“Do you think this guy knows what he’s doing?” Bucky whispered to Steve as he did his best to walk like an old man towards the doors. The hood covered more of his face than he realized, he had to follow the sound of Fury’s footfalls in front of him.
“I am, lead the way,” Steve put the brush back into the box, setting it on a small table beside the doorway, figuring he didn’t need to take it with him. Taking the arm Tony had offered him, Steve mentally ordered himself not to sweat or trip or do anything equally embarrassing.
“The past is part of this, James,” Steve took a step closer, carefully, looking for any reaction from Bucky. “I fucked up. I fucked up so big.”
“All he ever wanted was grandkids. We give him some and he almost murders our husband,” Tony laughed weakly, shaking his head as he wished he could just crawl into bed. His bed, with both of them. “I called Dr. Marner, I told her we’d let her know about Bucky as soon as possible. She still wants to do this, if they make it, she feels fucking terrible about what happened.”
“I have a plan,” the corners of Tony’s mouth tugged up into a little but sinister smile, his hands gripping the smalls of Bucky and Steve’s backs as his grin widened. “And I think you’re going to love it.”
Breakfast and makeovers for the Rogers and Barnes/Romanov families on thir first morning in the castle. Along with a bit of plotting.
“So what? Tell them to fuck off, it’s your life,” Rhodey shrugged, not really knowing what else to say. “You’re the King, who’s telling you that you can’t have two husbands.”
“It’s at the front door, Tony,” Steve said as he grabbed the blanket off the couch to wrap around Bucky, waiting until his contraction was over before trying to move him. “Just wear those boots, you can step into them. You look cold, you’re shaking all over. Do you need another blanket?”
“Oh, I don’t know what I’d do with myself,” laughed Sarah as she shook her head, reaching into her pocket to take their ticket out. “Have you seen one?”
“You must have come pretty fast,” Tony’s brow knit for a moment as he tried to think of how far away Latveria was on a map. It was at least a two week ride.
“You know the best part of of having two husbands?” Bucky asked Steve after a few minutes of peace, though his eyes were firmly on the children now as they worked on what looked like a sand airport with their toys. “Other than the obvious that you both keep me incredibly satisfied as shown by the fact that I’m pregnant for the fifth time in five years?”
“I’ll take the first shift, you go to sleep for a few hours and I’ll wake you up if he wakes at all,” Tony said, still looking at Bucky as he spoke to Steve, hoping this didn’t turn into an argument, he didn’t think he could have a civil disagreement right now.
“So it’s settled then, we’re getting married,” Tony purred, utterly thrilled, and already very, very impatient for the big day. He didn’t think he’d ever await his wedding day, especially this much, but he didn’t think he’d ever find a Steve and a Bucky either. He couldn’t believe how fast he went from doubting love to accepting it with open arms. This was like magic; only something bigger than what Strange was capable of.
“I wouldn’t count on that, Steve,” getting up, Sarah walked over to put a hand on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “Fight for this chance, Steve, you’ll never get another one like it. Have the king fall in love with you, and then together maybe you can do something to help Bucky.”
“You can talk to them casually later, but they need to be introduced to court, and seeing as how you’re the King, you HAVE to be there!” Pepper insisted, though she was starting to calm down a little. “Sire, please just go.”
“Two o clock…five…just a little more…eight…” It took a lot of numbers and patience, but after a few minutes, Dr. Marner had her notes, and she was facing the camera with a smile. “The twins are doing great, all of you, the one is bigger than the other, but they’re both healthy sizes. Are you ready to find out what you’re having?”
“No, it builds up. It starts off not that bad, but the longer I’m outside of my cage, the shock gets worse. It takes about a minute and a half to kill me,” Bucky said softly, his shoulder sagging as he felt defeat wash over him. “They didn’t tell Jack the truth either, he wanted to get me out of here, but it doesn’t exactly sound good that they’re more willing for me to die than get away.”
“And how do we do that?” Von Doom’s interest was peaked, his eyebrows raised as he thought over all this new information.
“I guess my friend Natasha, she’s not in the guard, but she can beat up anyone,” Bucky shrugged a little, wondering if she would mind taking that position. There wasn’t anyone else in the world that he trusted like her though.
“Jesus Christ,” Steve and Tony said in unison, staring down at Bucky breathing hard and full of Steve’s fingers.
“This one…” Tony picked up a wood man, turning a little wind up mechanism before putting it back on the shelf. Immediately, it began to shuffle across the shelf on its short legs, making little clicking noises. “It’s supposed to be a marching soldier, he’s had a few too many drinks or something. He used to fall over a lot. It’s a prototype.”
“Bucky, what is it? You didn’t mean for what to happen?” Steve asked, getting concerned now, he hadn’t seen Bucky so anxious since he first got here. Even then, he’d been quick to seek out either Tony or Steve if he didn’t feel well, he’d been very open with both of them as to what was going through his mind. So far, this felt like a huge step back.
“I’m sure if King Anthony met everyone one at a time in the kingdom, he wouldn’t be getting married in time,” Steve said, wondering if that rumour he’d heard about the King’s thirty fifth birthday coming up. “Do you really think he’s just desperate enough to marry anyone?”
“He’s cool, I like him, does he have a name?” Bucky leaned in, watching him with delight, reaching up to poke him when he stopped. “What’s a prototype? Is that what this kind of creation is called?”
“You read my mind,” Bucky sighed softly, reaching out to take both of their hands, squeezing them tight. “…I know I’m weird, I know I’m broken, but…”
“…Jesus CHRIST!” Tony swore, leaning on Bucky’s dresser as he ran a hand through his messy hair, trying not to throw up on the floor as he gave himself a moment to process this. He wasn’t doing well, he just wanted to go upstairs and empty the liquor cabinet and forget that his father had done something so reprehensible that Tony didn’t know if he should shoot him or call the police. “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me…you’ve got to be fucking KIDDING me!”
“Tony, we’re Bucky’s home. He was happy in the mansion too, right?” Steve pointed out, sure that Bucky would agree with him on this. “He wants you to be happy, and the only reason I’m not including him in this talk right now is because his blood pressure was a bit up today.”
“Just admit I was right, Tony,” Howard shook his head, leaning back so he could watch the doctor ready the needle for Bucky’s stomach. “This could have gone so much easier if you’d kept Steve out of this. In fact, let’s take care of that…”
“I just want you…” Bucky whispered just loud enough for Steve to hear, pleading to be taken from this place and spared the fate that had awaited him since he was a small child.
“He’s right, get some sleep,” Steve said as he gave Bucky a warm smile, so relieved to see those beautiful blue eyes looking back at him. “I love you so much, baby.”
“Baby?? Holy shit, come on,” Steve was glad Bucky was light, it made it easy to scoop the younger man into his arms and rush him up the stairs. Knocking some clutter out of the way, Steve carefully set Bucky down on the desk, rubbing his back. “It’s okay, Bucky, it’s okay, I promise you…”
“No you can’t say it enough!” Bucky shot back, furious that he had to be trapped in that room with the man he hated more than anything.
“What is it?” Tony’s interests were piqued for the moment as he leaned forward. He’d seen lots of metal before, but this looked a bit different than what he was used to working with.
“Okay, so…what exactly is the problem? You don’t like them?” Rhodey realized he hadn’t discussed them with Tony since they came to the castle a fortnight ago. He’d figured Tony would be able to pick one in that amount of time, though, he didn’t usually seem very selective when choosing lovers.
“He’s telling the truth, I didn’t sleep with Bucky until he was pregnant,” Steve lied, though he didn’t know how much that was going to help. He was going do anything he could to keep Bucky and his children safe.
“Right now, that’s what I want,” Bucky reassured them softly. “All this running today, and all I could think was that I didn’t want your dad to get me because he’d kill me, and he’d kill this baby if it was Steve’s, and…and I want to protect them. I want this. I know I might lose it because my pregnancies will all be risky, but I want to try. And most of all…thank you to you two for letting me make this decision because I doubt it was easy to sit back and wait for me to say something.”
“That’s very optimistic of you,” Stane kicked himself mentally for sounding too sour on the occasion. He’d had a few drinks, and it loosened his tongue. “Which is a good thing, you’re willing to keep an open mind.”
“Latveria, it’s to the North,” Stane smiled, hoping Tony would think over his proposal and see the benefits of it. “It’s not a large kingdom, mostly mountains, I believe.”
“I’m kind of disappointed, I thought they’d be fancier,” Steve said as he held the ticket back out for his mother. “I suppose they’ll work though.”
“Well, shows you how much you know about me then,” Bucky retorted sharply, being as polite with Steve as he could manage to be, as he took his drink back from Tony. He may have a truce with Steve at the moment, but that didn’t mean they were friends, or that they ever would be again. He could be civil, but that was it, Steve wasn’t getting any more than that from him.
“I don’t want you risking your life for me,” Bucky argued as he kicked away a bigger piece of rotted wood now, the exposed spot about half the size for them to get out. He was running out of time, but he couldn’t figure out a way to do this faster.
“Sam? No. No no,” Steve laughed as he shook his head, a little surprised that Bucky would ask. “Sam is in love with someone else, this girl named Missy. She’s a soldier too, but she’s a higher rank, and he’s pretty sure she doesn’t know who he is.”
“As safe as I can make you,” Tony replied, though there was less confidence in his voice than he intended there to be. Clearing his throat, he stepped closer to Bucky, touching his cheek and pressing a kiss to his forehead. “Trust me, baby.”
“Then why are you alone? I thought you weren’t courting anyone because…” Sarah trailed off, not quite sure how to end that sentence.
Bucky didn’t say anything, slowly getting out from underneath the blanket, sitting up and hugging himself tightly as he nodded a little.
“Oh? Under which circumstances?” Steve laughed, grinning more when he heard Bucky chuckling himself.
“…fine, it’s yours,” Tony sighed, knowing that he couldn’t have his special day without Fury and his soldiers. He’d just have to deal with the purse masters later and hope they still gave him enough for the celebrations. They weren’t going to be happy with him for approving things for everyone, especially when it was just for a night of fun.
“I always wanted to learn the guitar before, but…” Bucky laughed weakly, patting the stump where his arm had been. “I wouldn’t mind my goats, if that’s no problem. Is there a place I can keep them?”
“If you’re sure,” Tony took off his shirt, switching it with the new one, and taking both soiled shirts to the wood stove. Looking over at Bucky leaning against Steve, the young man’s eyes still red with tears, Tony took a deep breath and pursed his lips. “…I’m going to get a therapist, I’m going to talk to someone about my father. And I think Bucky could use one too.”
“This room is your room, you can do whatever you’d like in it,” Tony said, stopping beside the bed, pulling Bucky and Steve closer, putting an arm around both of them, his hand moving down to the smalls of their backs. “Now, I’m doing some thinking here, and I think the best way to do today is for you two to start. You’ve known each other for longer, wanted this for longer, I think I should let you go first, Steve. But then it’s my turn, if you’re still up to it, Bucky.”
“No, but it can be after, first I just want to ask…” Tony bit his lip for a second before shaking his head. He’d wanted to ask what Strange knew about Latveria, but he didn’t want to admit to where he’d heard the dark rumour. He didn’t want to get Pepper into trouble. “No, it’s okay, don’t worry about it.”
“You can have all the time you want. Speaking of time though,” Tony leaned down to give Bucky a quick kiss before backing off a bit. “You don’t have to be with me right now if you don’t want to. I get that this is your first time, Steve alone might have been intense enough, I’m just giving you the all clear to pass for now, maybe pick it up in a few hours. Or tomorrow. Whenever.”
“All of it,” Stephen Strange said back to him, his arms crossed over his amulet, looking unimpressed. “I’m not doing it.”
“I, uhh, tonight?” Steve asked, his face lighting up as he watched the joy that spread over Tony and Bucky’s faces, his heart feeling like it was burning in his chest as it beat faster. He couldn’t possibly love this entire situation more, and he was falling harder for these two every moment he spent with them.
“Tony,” Steve began, figuring that Tony really needed to know this new variable in their plan before they got on that plane. “We have to talk.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, turning his eyes back to Bucky, who was flinching again, his hands moving in his husbands grasps. “I think he’s waking up…”
“It’s okay, I promise,” Bucky leaned against his fiancé, letting out a tired sigh. He was exhausted, he just wanted to go back to bed. He hadn’t realized how much he’d needed the sleep until he’d begun it. “We should wait for Tony to talk. Hopefully he doesn’t take very long.”
“It’s one thing to know it, it’s another to see it…” Bucky said softly, putting his hand on his stomach, making a face. “Steve, you know I’d do anything for you too, right?”
“Anthony, if you could take Bucky’s ring,” the priest held out both rings, not sure which one was Bucky’s. “Place it upon his finger and pledge your life to James.”
“You wanted to speak to us?” Steve asked, a bit surprised to see that Bucky was there as well, though he wasn’t upset about it. The two had met in the hall outside, and, guessing what the meeting was about, had wished each other luck before coming in.
“You said the coffee was popular with everyone,” Bucky answered, forcing himself to smile politely at her. He wasn’t much in the practice of smiling at strangers. “And it’s not a guess, Steve and his mother love blue things.”
“One second,” Tony said, walking around to the passenger side and opening the door, pulling an envelope containing fake passports, drivers licenses for himself and Steve, and more cash. Stuffing it into the bag of money that was still over his shoulder, he closed up the SUV and locked it, turning towards the others. “Let’s get out of here, we’re not safe here.”
“The coffee seems to be popular with everyone,” she said as she watched Jarvis begin to get his tools out again. “This is Jarvis, he’s the King’s butler, he’ll be doing your hair today.”
“Tony…” Bucky whimpered after not too long, still feeling sensitive inside, though it was only pushing him further towards a second climax. He was breathing hard, hanging onto both Steve and the pillow underneath his head, his grip intensifying on both. It wasn’t like the first time, though, the slow build up was replaced by a sudden flash, and before he knew it, he was practically screaming and squirming around hard as he came again.
“It’s dangerous.” Tony answered. “Not for me, god… My reputation is done, but for you. Being gay in the army really is a handful, and you’re not dating the sweet guy from next door.”
“Hello, to you too, Obie. Care to explain what exactly you think I am doing?” Tony asked politely. Steve raised an eyebrow, still not getting how the genius could be so blind and dumb when it came to Stane.
Steve put a pitiful smile on his lips, not because Tony needed to be pitied, but because he was so utterly wrong with what he was saying. “Maybe you’re really not a genius when it comes to people, but you’re good with people. Man, Tony…” He shook his head. “Rhodey and Pepper nearly lost their minds on thinking of losing you, fuck Clint who apparently only likes Nat, hangs around you all the time…”
“Okay, teach me. How exactly do you call the fact that you pack your stuff to go live at the house of someone else?”
“I like this idea. Tony doesn’t like these guys anyway, so I would really appreciate it, although now, I owe you two favors, Captain.” He turned to the two guys and made them a sign to go, they didn’t move though until Obadiah nodded at them. Howard Stark couldn’t see that, which made Steve even more cautious about that guy.
“I’m yours anyway.” And with that Tony fast fell asleep without saying another word, Steve on the other hand couldn’t sleep. That was a first for him since he was with Tony, but suddenly he just couldn’t stop thinking about the possibility of Bucky seeing the death penalty.
“I won’t. Take care Tony.” The billionaire nodded and when he saw Sam he chose the other direction to leave them.
“Yeah, I did, and since I’m honest, and I’m a soldier, I would never lie.” He smiled up to Tony. “You don’t have to say it back, or something, but you knew before. We’re dating and I’m back in service in three weeks. I just needed you to know.”
“Sir has neither slept, nor eaten since his return to New York. He’s not talkative. He cries. He blocked all calls and the workshop is in shutdown.” Steve stopped in front of the door.
“I know, and because they hated so much on me, I supported Obama’s campaign last year and I put lots of money in it and that’s why he likes me, and I have a telephone call with him tomorrow and don’t forget we saved New York.”
After he had been able to bear it without the drugs, he stopped talking. He was trapped in his mind and wondered how he was still alive, and four of them weren’t anymore, but he was. He wished to exchange his life for another one.
“Good to see you two, you’re doing well?” Sam asked totally ignoring the one hundred elephants standing in the room. “What’s up Tony? You’re good? You probably know already, but my wings kinda had a little, well… you know accident. I could need another pair of hands to get them back on track, you’re up for it?”
“Iron Man did.” Tony corrected his teammate. “Cap. I know we didn’t have a great start, but I wanna help. Fury was an asshole, but he was a good one. Plus, these guys do have access to my tech.”
Bruce opened the doors to their lab. “Where’s your proof?” Tony looked up, confused. “You were there, Tony. SHIELD went down, people we trusted that turned out to be HYDRA. It seems as if HYDRA saved his life… Maybe, he changed the side… He wouldn’t be the first.”
“I’m sorry. That’s something I really wanted to tell you. I can’t bring them back, but I am sorry. I know it wasn’t my initial intention to kill them, but if I had had a little more will, more force… I wouldn’t have.”
Tony wasn’t surprised when he found that Bucky was awake. He wouldn’t sleep either if he was held captured in a place he didn’t know while people scanned his brain and asked him weird questions. And although Tony knew they were doing it for him and that it certainly was better than anything HYDRA did to him, he couldn’t stop his mind from comparing this situation to him being captured in that god damn cave.
“Sir likes New Yorker pizza. But I think it would be more beneficial to order fruits, vegetables… I’m sure he would be pleased by a smoothie.”
“Well, when you have a bunch of wild young adults under your direction, you get to know those problems, not to forget, I’m not that old myself.”
“Hey.” Steve said with a gentle voice and took Tony’s hand that was still on his shoulder. His fingers were still freezing. Tony shuddered and sighed.
One of the HYDRA guys took his helm off. “Now, he is an assassin.” Maria Hill said, when she showed them her face. The three captured Avengers looked at the other HYDRA guy and wondered why he was not reacting. “Come on, Stark. No time for drama.” Maria said and slowly the man took his helmet off as well.
“I was in a compromised position, I mean… for my condition and for…” He sighed. “Damn it, a guy was sucking me off, okay? Whyever you are afraid to let people know you are into guys, it’s not a problem for me, alright? And I won’t tell a soul.”
“Right, since Bucky’s not there anymore those three are my best friends, but Mia is like a big sister to me, sometimes the little one, though.”
So, the week passed and slowly, they saw light at the end of the tunnel. There was finally visible progress, also thanks to the help of two psychiatrists and a neurologist that were very discreet about the whole thing. And right now, there were five lawyers working on possible defense strategies – if it would be necessary to defend Bucky in a court –. And Tony had a contact at the FBI that worked with his lawyers to make sure they wouldn’t just kill him without a trail.
“You had your chance.” Tony answered and closed his eyes. Pepper realized, that he was probably way to sleepy and would most likely forget that she even said something, maybe she needed to repeat it another time.
Steve reacted fast. He still remembered how insecure Tony had been when he hid away in the closet. “We are.” He declared. And at least that brought a little smile into Tony’s face. His lips didn’t move a lot, his eyes softened, his little wrinkles showed up and Steve knew they would be alright. Maybe not today, but soon enough.
“I’m serious. It’s one week and you already show me your emotions, I can hear you cry. Don’t get me wrong, I hate that but at least you’re not alone in your suffering.”
Captain America had realized it a little to late, but Tony did care, about everything and everybody. He took anything out on himself, to commit murder would only destroy his psyche. Still, he nodded to confirm the suspicion.
In the morning, Natasha had pushed a paper in his hand before leaving for class. ‘General Hospital, floor 6, room 34.’ She was so fast out of the apartment that he couldn’t even say thank you.
He had been on the mercy of those terrorists and only Rhodey and his team were able to save him, and after, there were the weeks his father forced him to stay in the hospital. He had to give up his control. For months, he didn’t not only have to fear his life, but he was nowhere in control of it. He couldn’t have that again, could he?
“You mean the reputation of the last years? That since 2008, I’ve either been single or in a relationship with Pepper? You didn’t let me explain. I wanted to tell you, that I haven’t yet had sex with Steve… It’s definitely in my plan, like as fast as possible, just have a look at this Adonis. But this is not a one-night-stand. Steve and I are in a relationship.”
“Yes!” Natasha responded and received a furious look from Cap himself. “He’s safe.” She reassured him, while walking to the door.
“I can imagine that.” Tony changed his position to lean his tired body on the wall. Now he had to turn his face to see the Winter Soldier, who didn’t look like a killer machine anymore. That helped a little to stay calm on the outside but Tony still heard his heart beat in his ears.
“Yeah, I mean we don’t call him that, but basically, he’s the one organizing everything, keeping everybody sharp and the house clean, he’s my father’s chauffeur, but mostly… He’s kinda like a second father to me. He spent a lot of time with me, especially after mom died, my dad was in a bad place.”
Tony opened his eyes. “In the army you are, and the moment you start dating Tony Stark, you’re not only out of the closet, you are pictured in any magazine you can imagine. Hell, even those college journalists would write about it.”
“I’m conspicuous. Maybe, I would be a better asset as backup, what do you think? They will know by now what’s going on, if they believe it’s only the three of you, I could probably help better.”
“I’m happy when you are, and I will always do my best to make you happy, okay?” Tony smiled up to him, looking more and more relaxed as their time together prolonged.
At the end of the bridge, Sam appeared. He nodded towards him, that meant they were ready to go. It the same moment Tony pulled away from him. “Sorry.” He said with a husky voice.
Tony sighed and relaxed a little, even putting the blanket down. “Thank you, Pep. I wasn’t fair to you either. I blamed you alone on the breakup… but I know that I wasn’t always the boyfriend you deserved. I’m sorry.”
Tomorrow, Steve would bring him to the hospital, and they would do the last check-ups for the operation and after they would probably cut him open. Wow, he had to stop picturing this in his head. He would be there, supporting him as a friend and only as a friend, and it would be good enough.
They were having breakfast and while they usually spend that chatting and laughing, Tony was awfully quiet. He hadn’t slept well the past night. The nightmares suddenly had come back. Steve had woken up with Tony every time, he was shaken awake yet again. It was the first night that happened, since they shared a bed. It broke Steve’s heart to see Tony trembling and crying, forcing himself to gain back some posture, trying to not show his darkest places.
“Yeah, he stayed.” Steve whispered. “And he saw Bucky, and…” He calmed himself down with a couple of deep breaths. “Sam, we have to delay our mission. Take a short vacation, I will call you.” And then Cap turned around and literally ran away from his two teammates.
Tony shrugged but smiled, thinking of the fond memories he created since with Clint. “Well, I hit on him once, and he turned me down and just a week later you showed up with Nat and him. I had to hate him on principle.”
He should have put Rhodey or Pepper on Tony, to check on him. He was at fault. Tony was in that state because of him. Because he was a piece of shit at being a friend. He failed Bucky and now he was nearly doing the same to Tony. He probably couldn’t save Bucky when he felt but he could have known what would happen to Tony. He was as self-destructive as anyone could be.
The raise of his voice apparently helped Tony wake up. He looked up for longer than a glance and stared into Steve’s eyes. “You swore.” He stated.
“Can someone please explain to me what kind of problem Tony has with Bucky? I mean Loki and all those aliens, I get it. I have problems with that part, too. But your friend? Didn’t everybody until a week ago believed he was death? Is Tony jealous or what?”
“Morning Cap!” Clint exclaimed loudly when he came out of the elevator with the others. “Oh shit.” He whispered when he saw Tony still lying on the couch.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Anyways, Sam did a training with Rhodey once. They’re friends now. Rhodey told him, the more the merrier… So that’s how I found your stray dog on my party… And frankly, he didn’t look so good back then…”
Tony looked up at him. He was curious but he furrowed his brow suspiciously about what Steve would tell him. “I think, I love you Tony, you don’t need to say anything, I just want you to know.” Steve dropped the bomb. “I won’t leave till you feel better and I will never force Bucky on you. I’m by your side Tony for however long you want me to. I won’t let you down.” Steve would face the truth right now, the truth about Tony's feelings for him. He would take whatever it was. Only right now he felt like dying.
“Listen, Cap. I will follow your commands and help if it’s necessary. Nobody will know I’m here, Iron Man is death, I mean rhetorical. I learned how to help myself without the suit. I’m a genius, I can literally hack into anything and I do have JARVIS and if everything goes downhill, I still have suits. I blew them, though… I’m building some new ones right now…” Tony tried convincing his teammate of his worth.
Both had decided that Tony might like some comics, so he stole some of Buckys before going to the hospital.
Tony laughed while putting the bread covered in cheese in his mouth. “That’s why there was money under the tablet.” He laughed again. “They are paid just fine, Steve. Don’t worry, I’m a good person, usually. They don’t take money that lays around. You could even write their name on it, and they still wouldn’t take it.”
“I’m so sorry Tony. God.” He sighed and looked with pity into the direction of the man. “How old were you?”
Which, honestly, was super weird, if the man didn’t want his help, he shouldn’t be so desperate and just go back to New York. Back to his easy life he chose, right? But there laid the problem. He hated his ‘easy’ life.
“Look at me, Tony… I’m as much fucked up as any of us. I want to help. I can see that I’m helping you, if you let me in, if you can explain and show me what you feel, I can help better you know.”
Right now, though, he was here for his friend Sam Wilson. The man had been in training with him but later decided on an engineering program at MIT, when he got a scholarship. And since he was already here, he would surprise his friend.
Tony smiled, when he let go of Bruce. “You can tell that Cap, Nat called me for support, without her, I’m not sure I would have known before the 12pm news.”
“Since when are you into politics?” Steve asked. Whenever they talked about politics, Tony didn’t seem to care to much. ‘As long as they don’t take my suits, they can kiss my ass.’ He once said. ‘And even then.’ He had said after a short moment of thinking.
When his friends had come over on Wednesday, Tony had put a well-trained smile on his face. Nobody would have been able to imagine what was actually going on in his mind, maybe some of them knew he was hiding his emotions but they could never prove.
Tony’s voice got more silently when he restarted talking. “I was lucky that day… My fellow partner probably freaked out and ran away. I woke up again, but I felt as if I was still not okay. I called the ambulance, and I passed out yet again just after finishing the call. Next time I woke up I was in intensive care; my Dad was holding my hand, and was crying some ugly tears.”
Steve had wanted to look into Tony’s face and see happiness. They were still alive which really was a wonder after this day, but Tony looked… Unhappy was an understatement. His face looked cracked. He was near to tears but at the same time, there was again this determination, to kill just anybody that deserved it after his opinion.
She took a deep breath. “Obviously, Tony was different, but… Rhodey told me how lost he was, not figurative speaking. He was completely out of his mind. At first, he thought he was hallucinating, and then he wouldn’t stop asking for his dad. Really screaming and crying for him. Only when Howard held him in his arms, he stopped. Then he was extremely silent for a very long time. Rhodey said it was all worse than the search by itself.”
“So, I have two years, a little time to wait for dad to wake up.” Tony played up and crossed his arms to prove his point, but made him only look more like a kid.
“Steve, over here!” Bucky kept kicking at the spot hard, small chunks of muddy reeds falling down over him as he gritted his teeth and worked hard to open up a bigger hole.
“Long story involving drinking and shopping online,” Tony answered, dreading what he was going to get into next. “Bucky, how much was my father around you? What did he say to you about me when you were growing up?”
“I didn’t know Jack when he started either, or Ed, or Joe…” Bucky shrugged a little, picking at the cupcake still, not looking up at Steve, mostly out of his own shyness. “You’re the second Steve that’s been here, he only lasted a month, so…” He shook his head again as he popped the last of his breakfast in his mouth.
“May I sit down with you?” Steve asked, setting the cupcakes down, not taking one for himself yet, figuring he’d enjoy it more after lunch. “Or is there something else I can do for you?”
“When is this starting?” Von Doom had to say after a few moments of silence, the rest of the room murmuring the same question as they all sat in wait.
“Who is that guy? Why is he in your room?” Steve looked back and forth between Bucky and Clint as he closed his dressing gown, having left it open in his rush. “He’s got a sword. Why does he have a sword?”
“Don’t you fucking touch me. You have lost that right,” Tony said with a snarl, keeping his voice as low and even as he could for the sake of Bucky’s nerves. “Get out of here, or I swear to god, you will regret having me.”
“Please tell me you’re not serious. This is a really fucked up joke…” Tony said, putting a hand over his mouth as he sat down on his work station, his breathing getting heavier and faster. “This isn’t funny…”
“It sounds like a start,” replied Fury as he kept his poker face, not wanting to ruin the chance at a budget increase. “You know, the job would probably go a lot smoother with twenty more men and some better weapons. Maybe some armour.”
“Leave it to me,” Strange said, the corner of his mouth tugging up a little at the thought of having someone to organize and clean up everything after him. He’d never trained someone before, but he was pretty sure he could handle it.
“Oh is that what you call that? A difficulty? I would call it a-“ Steve paused for a moment when he swore he heard something downstairs. “…Bucky, what was that?”
“Fabulous,” Tony said sarcastically, hitting the button before going to open the door, standing outside of it. “Okay, you’re free, I suggest you get the fuck away from my father. I’ll set you up with what you want and you can live anywhere in the world, just not in my basement. Come on, get moving, this isn’t happening now or at any point in time.”
“You’re going to hate me…” Bucky wept, trying to jab the saw into the wood again, though it fell from his weak grip. “You’re going to hate…”
“You’re going to do so well, Bucky. I’m so proud of you,” Standing up, Steve took the bucket from Bucky, setting it on the chair behind him so he could take his hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “You’re amazing, and we’re going to be right there. Our family is going to be perfect. I love you all so much already.”
Ignoring his hands, Bucky reached over to his nightstand drawer, taking the cards out. Sliding them out of their package, he fanned the cards out and set them in Steve’s hands.
“I don’t know, it’s not that bad,” Bucky mumbled, rubbing at his eye as he snuggled against Steve, enjoying the chance to sleep next to him again. “I will admit whatever the beds at the castle are made of are more comfortable though. And soon we’ll be in the biggest, fanciest bed in that whole place.”
“…sure,” Bucky eventually agreed after a moment of silence. He didn’t like people fussing on him, his mother had done it a lot before her and his father were taken by the bloody lung long ago. His sister had managed to survive alongside him, but she was married now with a baby on the way. She’d offered to take Bucky in so he could move out of the situation he was in now, but he’d refused. He may be missing something, but it wasn’t his pride.
“So you want to steal some bodies, put them in bed, and light them on fire? All without being caught?” Steve didn’t think it could be done, though if the others were so determined, he did have someone else that could help.
“I can assure you, the King will be happy with however you look,” smiled Pepper sweetly as she watched Jarvis begin to snip away. “Actually, one of the last men he dated had long hair, so I know he likes that at least.”
“I couldn’t tell Pepper to tell you to watch for him because she’s kind of helping him,” Tony explained, not sounding any less insane to Rhodey. “They’re driving me insane, I can’t avoid them, it’s like they’re tracking me.”
“Most people aren’t raised in cages, maybe I’m just weird,” Bucky laughed softy, shrugging a bit as he pulled up the blankets to get comfortable.
“Why, because you would have given them that name too?” Steve shot back with a smile, some of the tension in the room starting to fade.
“Am I the only person you’ve been with, though?” Steve queried, wanting to know more than just that he was good in bed, though that did make him feel better about himself.
“I don’t care, I want to know now,” insisted Tony, not backing down, more than a little interested now. If he was going to have to spend these days without Bucky and Steve, he might as well get something accomplished. “Tell me what my legacy is.”
“I feel like I’m thinking straight…” Tony looked into the glass, avoiding his uncle’s gaze. “Uncle, I feel like…I feel like I’m waking up from a very long sleep, that Steve and Bucky yanked me out of it on their way out. I want to do something good for my people.”
“Are you seriously asking me that?” Tony burst out laughing, grinning from ear to ear. “Yes, you may always do that to me unless we’re out in public or something, and even then, it’s probably going to be a yes.”
“How did they find us?” Steve queried as he put his own robes on, putting the heavy hood over his face. He had no idea how the monks wore these, they were so cumbersome and bulky.
“Your mother was an exception to the rule and you know it,” Stane said darkly, protective of the memory of his sister.
“That doesn’t fill me with confidence,” Bucky said softly, turning his head when Steve came rushing into the room, out of breath. “Good, you’re here. Sorry Clint, not that I don’t believe you, but I love him and I needed to know he was alright.”
“Hell yes, I’m the King,” Tony laughed, adding a third finger to Steve’s entrance, parting them to stretch him further. “I’ve done a lot of decadent stuff in my lifetime, but please believe me, being here with both of you right now is the highlight of my entire life.”
“Good. I didn’t think you would, but…I thought I should ask,” Steve’s shoulders dropped a little as he tried to make it sound like he wasn’t just suspicious of Tony’s policies. He knew he wasn’t nearly in with the King enough to start requesting changes.
“It was amazing, there was so much,” Steve’s laugh was a little nervous, though only because he didn’t know what they had in store for him.
“How the hell did you end up here, Tash?” Clint asked, holding his hands up in surrender as he sat down in a chair. “I mean, the last time I saw you, we stole two horses from the stables here. Now you’re in your nightgown protecting fiancés.”
“Let’s just say, it was really fortunate that the kid after me showed off his giant jar of bottle caps,” Steve sighed, kissing the top of Bucky’s head, nuzzling him and breathing in the smell of fresh shampoo.
“Yes you may,” Bucky reached over, getting the vessel of water they were sharing, taking a drink, mostly just to stall answering. He knew Steve could be impatient sometimes. “And no. Who else would want me?”
“Okay, but stop me if you’re too sensitive, or if it hurts,” Tony said as he poured some lube into his hand, liberally coating his dick with it as he looked at Bucky, watching his face carefully for even a twinge of pain as he pushed inside Bucky’s still stretched ass. “That’s so fucking good, baby, you’re still so tight for me.”
“What are you going to do, set them up?” Bucky asked, pouring another glass for himself from the selection of bottles on the little table near the bed.
“What?!” Tony was on his feet in a flash, his act forgotten as he heard the state his Kingdom was in. “How much? Do I want to know how much? And how much tax are the people paying?”
“It’s not too far, and no, I paid the real estate agent to stock it up, and it was coming fully furnished and everything,” Tony said, looking in the back seat at Bucky, who had his head against the window, staring out quietly. “You okay, Bucky? Do you want me to sit with you?”
“He’s starting to concern me, Stane,” Von Doom whispered to the man beside him, his arms crossed over his broad chest.
“Okay now I don’t know if you’re joking about the toddler leashes, that can’t be real,” Bucky tossed the brush back over to the table, the sides of his hair gathered nicely in a ponytail whilst the rest lay down just past his shoulders.
“You’re making things difficult!” Bucky whispered loudly, trying to stop laughing and failing miserably. He was always a sucker for Steve when he got a bit silly, there was something so cute about it.
He’d expected to see Bucky scramble for the door, but he didn’t move from Steve’s side, not even peeking to get a look at what was going on. Tony’s eyes moved to Steve’s next, looking for an answer he didn’t think he wanted to hear.
“I need to talk to you for a second,” Tony whispered, not wanting to be overheard, though he checked over his shoulder to make sure Bucky hadn’t snuck out again. “Before I start, I know this choice is his, and I’m not going to push him. If he wants a termination, I’ll pay a doctor to…I don’t know. I don’t know what I’m going to do. I don’t know how to find a doctor for him, and to get them up here, for either choice when he makes it.”
“I’m not great with kids ages, but I guess maybe three?” Steve said, turning his phone to get another look, thinking that the kid could be between two and four, three being the safest guess in his mind.
“Easy for you to say,” Bucky grumbled as he picked up his bread and took a bite, though the enjoyment was gone from his meal.
“Mr. Rogers, hello,” Ms. Carr said as she stepped over to meet Steve in the cart, once it parked itself. “Don’t worry, you aren’t going to have to take that a ride every day, I’m sure that would get annoying after a while. We’re going to show you where your entrance is from now on so you can arrive and leave easier. You’ll have an area there to park your motorcycle, or receive deliveries if you order food. Other departments use that door, so no one will question you at all.”
“I’m sure I can,” Tony’s smile slowly faded from his face as he wilted in the chair, leaning his head back to look up at the ceiling. Steve and Tony felt so far away, he just wanted to reach out and touch them. But that wouldn’t be for a few days now. “Just no harm in being prepared.”
“You say those words as if they’re terrible,” Tony reached out, picking up a small blue bottle and examining it until Strange snatched it out of his hands. “Can I touch anything here?”
“Oh believe me, you won’t be,” Tony said as he dropped his underwear to the ground along with Steve, both men crawling onto the bed. “Bucky, my beautiful Bucky, there’s nothing I won’t do for you.”
“I don’t know, I just…how can that work?” Tony pressed his lips shut, not wanting to be quite that loud. He doubted anyone was listening to them, but he still didn’t want to be overheard. “How can a marriage of three people work? How can three people rule over the Kingdom?”
“It’s not such a bad ride...I think the motorcycle will be more fun, though,” Steve said with a strained laugh, trying to be friendly even though he wasn’t sure if he should be.
“I disagree, I’m very interested,” Steve smiled as he sat up more in his chair, his eyes locked on Bucky as he waited to hear this song. “You’ve got a beautiful voice, I’m sure we’re going to love this.”
“I will sing for you on our wedding day, same thing I told Tony,” Bucky sat up, picking pieces of hay from his hair as he looked over at Steve, suddenly feeling more than a little evil. “Do you still think about fucking me?”
“I should have seen that coming,” Tony said as both Bucky and Steve burst out laughing. “Ha ha, both of you. Let’s see who wakes up covered in dirt tonight.”
“Oh shit!” Tony jumped up a little, looking over the edge of his bed at Laika who was whimpering and scratching at the floor. “What’s wrong? Need to go out?” Looking at the clock, he was surprised that it was past nine, though he supposed they all needed the sleep. Rolling over to cuddle his husbands, he frowned when he realized that only Steve was there. “Steve? Where’s Bucky?”
“No, we hoped to be a bit of a surprise,” Von Doom swirled the amber liquid around his glass. “I only heard about it by chance, actually, one of my men was with one of your women and word made it’s way back to me.”
“Mhm…” Bucky grunted in his sleep, suddenly shaken from the light sleep he’d fallen into by what he didn’t know. The second he opened his eyes, however, a mix between a gasp and yelp left his lips as he rolled over just fast enough to avoid having his head chopped off. “TASH!”
“FIX HIM NOW!” Tony screamed, stepping closer and pressing the gun in the doctor’s face, unable to bring himself to look at Bucky.
“Not so much now, there’s a chunk missing,” Bucky raised his shoulder where his arm had been cleaved cleanly off. Not so much as a hair from his limb had been left, it was taken right from the joint itself.
“What will happen with Sarah and Natasha?” Pepper asked, though she wasn’t sure she wanted to know. She hoped Tony wasn’t going to throw them out, but they might be a constant reminder for him.
“So am I,” Tony said as he grabbed a hold of Bucky’s hip with one hand and his cock in the other, positioning it up to the younger man’s ass. “I’ve been wanting to do this since I saw you both, I swear.” Pushing inside Bucky, he ran his hands down his back and under his body to stroke his leaking erection in time with his thrusts.
“Number one hundred thirty. One three zero,” Tony said as he showed the number to Stane, who nodded to confirm it. “Step forward, one hundred thirty, and show us your ticket.”
Steve was starting to notice the phrase ‘I don’t know’ had came up a few times with Bucky. He wasn’t sure if it was because Bucky felt awkward around him, though he was pretty sure the kid had enough secrets in him to make anyone uncomfortable. He wouldn’t be living in the basement of Stark Industries in a glass cell with a metal arm if he didn’t have anything to hide.
“I’m okay right now, I think I’m too tired to really think about where I am,” Bucky said, though there was some tension in his voice. “Did you take pictures of them yet?”
“Fucking rain…fuck…” James ‘Bucky’ Barnes grumbled as he finished locking the goats in the pen in the yard, heading to the door with wet hair hanging in his face. Stepping inside, he walked past a couple of the other orphans to the fire, plunking down on the ground in front of it when he could get no closer.
“I promise, as soon as the doctor gives you the all clear, we’ll get right back to fucking like bunnies,” Tony laughed, absolutely delighted to see Bucky in a good mood considering he was still away from home. It wasn’t anything he was about to point out now, he didn’t want to give Bucky anxiety, but he’d have to mention it to him later when they were in bed.
“Baby…” Steve whispered, bringing Bucky’s hand to his lips, pressing a kiss against his knuckles. “You scared us really bad today. I don’t know what you thought you were doing attacking Howard like that. I want to yell at you for trying to defend me, but I can’t yell at you right now. I just want to hold you in my arms and tell you everything’s going to be fine. We just want you to get better, Bucky…”
“It was hard at first, it’s fine now,” Bucky said, realizing that it was true as the words crossed his lips. He was getting used to Steve being around, and it was nice to see Sarah again, though he didn’t like distancing himself from her. He never blamed her for what happened. “Really, don’t worry about me, I like it here. It’s so much better than I thought my life could possibly be.”
“Tony, we ready?” Steve said, holding Bucky tight, ready to do whatever it took to keep them safe. That was the bigger issue. For now.
“I feel…I feel…” Steve’s lips were parted, breathing heavily as he was pushed into Bucky’s tight body, making a strained noise as he felt like his cock was being milked as Tony was fucking him hard. He felt like every nerve in his body was singing, he wanted to scream at the top of his lungs. The intensity just kept growing, and he didn’t know how much longer he could last.
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve asked after a long moment of just holding each other, though he wasn’t about to let either go.
“Mhm…” Bucky grunted, not acknowledging anything Steve had said. He wasn’t interested in an apology, that wouldn’t give him his arm back.
“You don’t owe me anything, Tony, you already give me everything,” Bucky said, holding Peter close, watching his expression change as he looked up at his young father. “…can we go home?”
His eyes meeting Sam’s, Steve knew that he meant what he was saying. If things got bad, if they had a chance, he was going to do his damndest to get Bucky out of his prison, and now with Sam, he had a much better chance at doing that.
Tony couldn’t even hear what Steve was saying on the phone, it all sounded like static in his ears as he reached down to touch Bucky’s cheek, the gun in his hand falling to the floor as he pushed the doctor aside and reached to hold the shirt against Bucky’s wound. He couldn’t help the tears that rose in his eyes as he felt how saturated the material already was. He couldn’t lose him, he couldn’t lose them, he didn’t think he could go on with that void in his life.
Grabbing his phone, not the latest tech, just something Ma had worked so hard to get him, Steve’s fingers fumble against the gadget in an attempt to ring the only person who’d know what to do.
Now it was Tony's turn to uphold his promise, at 6:30, he was ready and showered, smelling like daisies and roses.
Rolling his eyes, Tony scoffs, “I told him to get lost after lunch. Unsurprisingly he was in Sunset Bain’s arms by 6th period.”
"They really do love you" he gushes at the red white and blue glittery shower. The Captain plants his hands on Tony's petite waist spinning him around to face him.
Tony just catches Steve walking out of the common room, he sighs heavily and makes his way towards Steve, not noticing the team sat on the couch.
His whiskey stings the back of his throat as he empties the glass in one try. This time, he spends no moment attempting to understand why people drank this rubbish, all he wanted was to get back home to him. The only one who could make it all better. Cigars, pretty girls and the faint singing of the band that cost amounts of money normal people would scoff at, but this was Steve.
“What, you want to play a game or…oh,” Steve remembered the last time they’d played this game, on his first day here, and he was more than willing to go along with it. “Okay, pick a card.”
“Do you want to do anything right now? What do you usually do in the mornings?” Steve inquired, unable to keep looking at the metal arm, not knowing a polite way to ask why Bucky had one.
“Okay, so the guards didn’t hear anything somehow,” Bucky said as he came walking back into the room a couple of minutes later, watching as the other two raised their heads. “They’ve gone to get Steve and Tony.”
“If you feel it, and you believe it, then it’s real,” Steve said to him, rubbing his shoulder a little. “They’re still your feelings.” He didn’t know if what he was saying was true, he had no idea what Howard Stark did to Bucky’s mind, but he had to say something to make him feel better, he didn’t want Bucky to suffer any more than he already was.
“It’s probably good we had this talk. We don’t tend to discuss the more depressing parts of our lives,” Tony said, helping Steve clean Bucky’s shoulder so they could re-bandage it. It had mostly stopped bleeding now, but it was going to need changing soon.
“I told you, I have to scan my food. This…does that,” Bucky said, waiting for a read out on the screen before opening the container to get his cupcake. Carefully peeling off the wrapper, he dumped it in the small garbage bin beside his dresser, about to bite into the cake when he turned and looked at the other man. “…thanks, Steve.”
Before Bucky could get too emotional, Tony’s mouth found his, moaning hungrily as their tongues met. Bucky felt like his legs were going to give out as the kiss deepened, his knees trembling as Steve came up from behind him to nip a line down his neck and across his collarbone. Sandwiched between the two men paying him a lot of attention, Bucky reached back with his hand to cup Steve’s head as his tongue danced against Tony’s.
“You shouldn’t love the food, Barnes,” Namor said flatly, rolling his eyes at the thought of becoming attached to those stinking beasts outside. “Just milk it and kill it.”
They were the words that Stane was saying over and over as he walked down the hall towards his study. He’d just bumped into Pepper, who had just spoken to Tony, and it seemed as if his idiot nephew had made up his mind on who he was going to marry. And in classic Tony fashion, he’d picked them both, like the greedy little shit he was. He had to have everything, and everything had to be his way. Stane wouldn’t have been surprised if Tony planned this whole stupid farce to begin with.
Bucky took a hold of Tony’s arm, reaching out for Steve’s as they left the room to go to Tony’s. He loved how he felt between the two men, like nothing could hurt him, and that he had everything to live for. And as Tony lead them to the end of the hall into a large red and grey bedroom, Bucky couldn’t help but stare at the floor to ceiling windows, not to mention the view behind them.
“Driving down that road is punishment enough,” Steve said with a laugh, glad to see Tony smiling after how upset he’d been this morning. “Okay, I think we’re having two boys.”
“But you taste so good,” Steve purred, pulling Bucky closer again, throwing a leg over him to pull him into a full embrace. “I’m not going to let you go for anything. You are mine.”
“Let’s get you out of here,” Tony said, leading the other men up the stairs into his father’s office, hoping that Howard had made himself very scarce. He still needed to figure out what he was going to do with him, he had to make sure he couldn’t get out of it somehow. “Bucky, do y-oh no, are you okay?”
“We don’t know that I don’t love this person yet,” Tony pursed his lips, looking up at the silvery moon in the sky. He wished Strange had done more magic, he’d never seen anything as beautiful as the sky that night.
“…I suppose I do kind of the same…” Tony admitted after taking a sip of the tea, the best he’d ever had. He’d have to come up here more if this was the level of hospitality. “The kings of old with their mass hangings and burnings, executing people just for not showing perfect loyalty. My father taught me those lessons so I wouldn’t be like that when I grew up.”
“We’re going to be lauded as geniuses, the next great idea in royalty,” Tony was pretty drunk on top of being blissfully happy, and it was showing. “Fuck Von Doom, I never wanted to marry him for a second. Why would I want more land when I can have you two?’
“I am,” Bucky said with a laugh, relief washing over him as his thumb moved to touch his new ring, not wanting this hug to end. “I don’t know much about weddings but this is supposed to end in a kiss, right?”
“He hasn’t been outside since he was three,” Steve explained lowly, watching as Bucky walked over to the window, his hand hovering over it as if he was afraid to touch it. “Your father says he made him, made Bucky call him Father, had him living in an over regulated environment. He couldn’t even have a cupcake without having to burn it off on the exercise bike. There was a picture of you on his wall, and he was told he was just yours to use.”
“There’s lots of shades of blue material, I’m sure that we can find you both something you like,” Pepper watched as Jarvis combed out Steve’s hair, his scissors seeming to have a life of their own as small blond hairs floated to the floor. “For now, we’ll have some comfortable clothes brought to you until yours are finished. But knowing our tailors, it won’t take long.”
“You’re going to have more, we’re going to make sure you’re safe. I’m going to get that doctor up here soon, I already found a place in town for her to stay,” Tony said, petting Bucky’s hair, not wanting to mention his own fears lest they make Bucky more afraid. “She’s already talked to the medical centre in town, it’ll be okay for us to bring you there to have the baby. We just…kind of need to say you’re a girl for obvious reasons.”
“I bought one just for this occasion,” Tony said as he got up to head to the kitchen, opening the hall closet and taking a red bucket out.
“Tony Masters? Benjamin Poindexter? Daken Akihiro?” Stane listed, trying to think of every assassin he’d heard of, knowing that Von Doom would know the status of each one.
In the few months since Bucky and Steve had moved in to Tony’s place, the three men had grown very closer to each other. Tony hadn’t been able to remove Bucky’s chip, it had been buried too deep for him to do anything without hurting Bucky, and he wasn’t about to mess around with anaesthetic. He was, however, comfortable with disabling the security system that triggered the chip, letting Bucky walk outside for the first time in known memory. It had given him a sense of freedom he’d never known before, but even as curious as he was, he’d only gone as far as their backyard so far. He had, however, nearly memorized every corner of the mansion, including the secret passages and rooms that had been built in everywhere by a paranoid Howard Stark. It was his room beneath Howard’s desk, the one that would have been his cell for the rest of his life, that he’d spent his morning in. It was there he found what he needed.
“This is better than than sling thing in the shed, we can carry a lot more. We just can’t let the box get so low again if you want to use the sling,” Steve chastised as he threw more sticks into the growing pile, freezing for a moment. “…what was that?”
“I didn’t put this stupid thing on just to go home, Uncle,” Tony had been fussing with the elaborate red and gold suit, making a face in the mirror at the outfit. He preferred to walk around in simple black clothes most of the time. Now he was wearing what looked like ten pounds of shiny cloth with his oversized crown on his head.
“How often can we do that?” Bucky asked softly, his eyes closed, a little smile on his face as he ran it all through his head again.
“…yeah, then we’ll do that,” Bucky rubbed his forehead for a moment before getting to his feet. “I’m going to tell one of the guards to just go get Tony and Steve, I’m not going to say why. Maybe we can just keep this between us.”
“Tony, hello,” Steve said as casually as he could manage when he opened the door and came face to face with the King. He knew the man was coming, but that didn’t mean he was prepared in any way. He’d spent most of the day pacing nervously.
“It is. Bucky will have to serve out his punishment at home, because we’re having two girls. Sorry you got last choice, Bucky, it’s just because we weren’t going to make you go in the car either way,” Tony winked at his smaller husband, giving him a smile. “I think you’ll like your punishment, don’t worry.”
“I’m almost done here. My name is Christine, I do James’s medical exams twice a day,” she said, sounding pleasant as she took the blood pressure cuff off Bucky, taking out a thermometer to check for fever. “I usually come at nine and nine, so you know when to expect me.”
“I want to do it for you,” Bucky said, biting this inside of his cheek as he managed to peel off a piece of blood covered wood, setting it neatly aside before he began to saw at it again.
“They would know the plight of many of the commoners, I’m sure they would be able to tell King Anthony what it’s like to live here,” Sarah picked up a biscuit, wishing they had butter to go with it, but she only saved for that on Steve’s birthday.
Steve frowned, his attention immediately moving to Tony, who looked like he’d just been punched in the stomach. That wasn’t going to help Tony’s guilt at all, though he supposed it was better that they knew what was scaring Bucky.
“It’s going good, we’re meeting through a mediator to dissolve everything and there’s no hard feelings so it’s been pretty easy so far. At least I know it won’t cost me an arm and a leg,” Steve said with a smile, turning his head to place his order with the waitress before looking back to Sam once she left. “Everything’s going as well as I could ask, and she’s seeing someone now, so she’s happy. That’s what I want most out of this, I’ll always love her, and she deserves to be with a guy that puts a smile on her face.”
“Can you walk?” Tony turned around in his seat, looking at Steve as Bucky’s sobs seemed to answer that. “Shit…”
“I don’t know, the lights were pretty nice,” Natasha said, sitting on top of an empty barrel, the ticket in her hands as she looked over at Bucky. “I know you’re not happy about this…”
“Wonderful, Sire,” Pepper said, trying to put some emotion in those words so she didn’t sound so flat. She failed. “I suppose I should concentrate on the lottery first and then work on the party. And are you talking to Strange?”
“Steve…please…” Bucky said, eyes bright blue and wide, his mouth set in a perfect pout. “Don’t make me wait any more…”
“How could this happen? I thought this was simple,” Stane walked past his nephew, who was standing with his hands on his hips facing the two peasant men. “I’m sure whatever happened, it can be sorted. Both of these men can’t possible win, this wasn’t that kind of lottery. You couldn’t split a marriage.
“You people are easy to please, of course we can do that,” said Tony, grinning wider as he thought about getting to spend time with both of them. This was better than his original plan, this way he was going to get a bit of a choice from the pair that fate brought them. “Pepper, how long until you can get them each a few rooms?”
“Go get us each a new shirt, I’ll clean him up,” Tony said, slowly getting up and pulling Bucky with him, making sure to grab the pieces of wood Bucky had dug out of the floor as Steve disappeared up the stairs “Do you want to throw these in the wood stove, Buck? Then I can clean you up and have you ready for Dr. Marner’s phone call.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said, dropping his sticks and running back to the house, closely followed by Tony who had abandoned the wheelbarrow. Bursting out from the trees, he saw a black SUV sitting behind theirs in the driveway, and it was not one he’d seen around town before.
“Yes, I’m coming,” Bucky said as he came down the stairs wearing sweat pants and one of Steve’s t-shirts, his hair tied back and still wet from the shower. “Tony’s coming too, give him a second.”
“You can have all the grass you want, Bucky. Give me a bit of time and I’ll have you out there lying on it in no time,” Tony promised, bringing a hand to rest on the small of his back. “I’m turning my father in to the police, I can’t think of what else to do so that’s how it’s going to be, and they’re going to want to talk to you and Steve, but I’ll try to do this so you don’t have to go through too much, I want you as uninvolved as possible. You deserve to have someone look after you for a change.”
“I’m a virgin, I’m not a prude, I’ve been thinking about being with you for years. I hoped you would be like this, enthusiastic about it, but this is beyond the best of my imagination,” Bucky chuckled as well, staring up at him, not bothering to fix his shirt that had rode up his stomach when Tony was on top of him. “Tony, you’re not pushing me, I want this. I want both you and Steve.”
“I’m never going to be ready for this,” Bucky sighed, squeezing his friend’s arm harder as they walked forward into the banquet amidst a round of applause. Whether it was friendly or not was yet to be seen.
“I know whatever you have is amazing, so stop it,” Steve walked back over to his chair, taking a seat and crossing his legs at his ankles. “I was stressed out too, didn’t you see me fidgeting over here before I showed you? It’s perfectly natural to be a bit nervous.”
“Good to know,” Bucky shivered, pulling a pillow closer and burying his face against it, enjoying every moment of having Steve inside him again.
“So…so I should wait until after the funeral?” That would make keeping the act up easier, he could pretend to be sad until then, and after that he could concentrate on being a good ruler with his husbands by his sides.
“That’s not what I want, I still want to do this, I just need some time…” Bucky said weakly, not moving his face from the pillows. “I just…for the first time in my life, I don’t want to die. I have everything I want, I have you two, and even if things aren’t perfect with us having to hide, I don’t want to leave this. I’ve only had a bit of happy life, I want more.”
“It means a lot to just hear it now,” Bucky smiled warmly, breathing Steve in as he relaxed against him. “I love you so much, you know that, right? I don’t think I can say that enough. I am very much looking forward to being between you two tonight.”
“I don’t have the supplies or a nurse, so no, there’s not much else I can do. The most I can do for you is check on the twins to make sure they’re alive,” the doctor offered, reaching for the ultrasound machine when Tony pushed him aside again.
“And now, the moment you’ve been waiting for…” Tony announced, looking over at Stane with a smile, his heart pounding in his chest. “The family that will be joining me in the castle is…”
“I do trust you,” Bucky whispered softly, giving Tony a shaky smile. “Everything is going to be okay.”
“It’s not what I’m going to do, asshole,” Bucky grinned, still in a fighting stance, and ready to play dirty.
“…baby, if you don’t want to, we can stop this,” Tony whispered softly. It was a thought he didn’t want to have, but he wasn’t going to deny Bucky anything, especially that. “It’s not too late.”
“It’s okay, we just have to make you look less pressed,” Pepper said as she went around his back to fix his cape. “Are you nervous? Do you need a drink?”
“Until next week,” Stane muttered under his breath, outraged by what a farce this all was. Tony didn’t know what love was, he was as selfish and self centered as his Uncle, though he chose his own interests rather than money. He was going to be as clueless as to what was going on in his own kingdom after he married Von Doom as he’d ever been. Stane was willing to bet on it.
“The best ones out there,” Tony said, lacing his fingers together with Bucky’s, kissing his forehead before leaning over to press one to Steve’s cheek as well. “I’m with Steve, I love you four with everything in me.”
“See, what if they are? I don’t know,” Tony closed his eyes, trying to will himself into distressing, but not doing a great job of it. “I don’t even know how to bring it up with them.”
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” Natasha replied, leaning against a post at the end of Bucky’s bed. “I’m Bucky’s best friend, though, so I kind of live here now. Don’t think my views on the upper class have changed just because I’m a part of it now. I’m working from within.”
“Mmm, dunno…” Steve mumbled as he slowly woke up, turning over as he heard Laika whimpering too. “Why’s she crying?”
His eyes still meeting Fury’s, Tony did his best to stand tall, look regal, and be intimidating. Right until the moment he began to laugh. “…damn you.”
“N-no. No, I don’t want to wait,” Bucky said suddenly, shaking his head as he heard the shower stop in the bathroom. With a look of determination, he reached out to place his hands on Tony’s hips, slowly balling up the material in his hands and pulling the shorts down and off Tony, letting them fall to the ground. Unable to fight his curiosity, Bucky’s eyes wandered down to Tony’s cock, swallowing hard when he saw the length of it emerging from his dark hair.
Steve didn’t wait for Bucky to stop talking, he rushed forward and pulled Bucky into a deep, passionate kiss. Letting it linger for a moment, he finally let it break before punctuating it with another quick peck. Wrapping his arms around Bucky tightly, Steve just held him close, feeling tears pricking his eyes from the fright they were put through.
Taking the ring box, Bucky opened it, taking out what looked like the biggest of the bands, nodding at Tony who leaned over to hold Steve’s hand still. Slipping the ring onto his finger, Bucky looked into Steve’s eyes for a moment before leaning over to hug him tightly for a moment. As Bucky sat back in his spot, he turned to Tony, biting his lip as his eyes plead for Tony to go next.
Tony shook his head and rolled his eyes. “Man, why are you even in the army? Every time we talk about that stuff you seem to not believe in what you do.”
Tony fell asleep during the second episode. He snored softly into Steve’s shirt. The sound was oddly comforting. Steve hated it when he was with the Howling Commandos, these guys where like power saws in their sleep. Only Bucky was calm, in fact he slept so silently one could believe he was dead. He breathed slowly like no one else and didn’t move a bit. Steve sighed and held Tony even tighter.
Tony swallowed down his last bite and stared up to Steve. “You love me?” He asked again. Steve smiled a little.
“Yes.” Tony answered. “You think I’m dumb, but I’m not. My mother died, she had the same condition, not even as serious as it is for me. They operated her, to correct the cardiac defect, but they failed and she died. She could probably have lived with it, you know… But the doctors talked her into the operation.”
“You gotta stop bulking up, or I need to redo it, because your other arm is too big.” Tony bumped his shoulder.
“No, he doesn’t. But hey, I like it, it sounds so much cooler.” Steve laughed and pulled a blanket over Tony and himself.
“Yeah, yes, I do, Rogers. And it pains me, but I need people I can trust for this. And I don’t know who else I can trust with this.”
Apart from that, he was mostly around Tony in his workshop, drawing and reading a lot. Sometimes he went out for a run, or he acted as Tony’s bodyguard when they went out in public. Although most of the time, they went to see things Steve liked as museums, art galleries or only eating an ice cream.
“Oh, okay… You wanna go directly to this shit, fine… if you can take it.” He answered. Tony was nervous again, within seconds, his legs were bouncing and he bit his lip. He was carrying himself straight back into an attack. “I woke up with Pepper in my door, and you were gone…” He started. “I mean, I know you were somewhere, because I woke when you got up, but…” He sighed and looked into Steve’s eyes. “You told me, it wouldn’t be a secret thing and then… Pepper and me, that’s still very fragile, which you realized of course. I needed you, because she still gets to me, not in a good way and you just chickened out the first time someone could have seen us, together. I thought, you…” Tony didn’t finish his sentence, but Steve knew what he wanted to say.
Captain Steve Rogers walked along MIT campus, trying not to react in any way of the people watching him. He made quite the impression with his uniform. He grinned a little to himself when a group of girls stared at him without any shame. See what a little military training could do to a small and thin boy out of Brooklyn.
Tony laughed out loud. “It’s just a saying Steve, I don’t think my heart will be caring me for that long. And you didn’t tell me how good I look in my Barton jersey.” He changed the topic.
So, maybe Tony just did not care anymore, or he decided that he couldn’t stay friends with Steve. Or he is sulking in his workshop. Anything was possible, still Steve was desperate to talk to the billionaire.
“Shut up, Steve, I’m trying to sleep.” Tony muttered into his shirt, after he had made himself comfortable again.
“Tony?!” A loud voice woke him from his thoughts. “Hey, you’re here?” That was Pepper, Steve realized. God, why in god damn’s name was it Tony’s ex. What the hell was she doing here? Oh, right, she totally managed his multi-billion-dollar company. He heard her high-heels coming into the direction of the bedroom.
Tony was mad at himself. He knew he shouldn’t be here. This was a terrible idea. But, he couldn’t let them down. None of them but especially not Steve. He would do something stupid if he thought he could save his friend. So, Tony had to save Steve.
“Automatism, I think, after building bombs, weapons, anything pretty much on a daily basis and everybody just wanting more and better, I just did that. It was a challenge, you know? I hate to admit it, but I really liked inviting that stuff, building something up from scratch, that’s what I love. I found ways to do that without killing people in the process.”
The door slid open and Steve met total chaos. More than usually. Nothing seemed in order, it was even difficult to walk without stepping onto something. It smelled too, after… Well Steve had no idea, probably sweating, maybe some old coffee, motor oil. The combination was terrible and Steve hated his ‘super-smell’ very much in that moment. It was more terrible than Hulk’s breath or Hawkeye’s socks. It was atrocious to describe it short.
“I will take it seriously, Tony. I don’t want you to get hurt, and if I ever do, Rhodey can take his range out on me. I would totally deserve it. But don’t worry too much, you’re not alone anymore. I’m by your side, promise.”
Now it was Tony that sighed. “I get your point, stop it. The Tower is my baby. I’m not giving it up any time soon.”
Steve could only stare on Tony’s back when he took the stairs down to the workshop. So much to taking Tony to the game and making sure he was not overstressing himself. His friends and doctor would chew him up.
Tony heard a pained try to breathe from Steve. He lowered the gun. “Go.” He said and with one last glance at Steve, Bucky Barnes ran away and Tony didn’t take another look at him. With three steps he was by Steve’s side and he kneeled down next to him.
Late at night, they all said their good-byes. Rhodey was the last to go, and he held Tony for a while in an embrace. He had to leave tomorrow, back to Iran and it seemed to break both friends. Rhodey had Steve promise to look after his brother and he would, as best as he could. Still, Rhodey would probably prefer to stay himself, and Tony surely would feel a lot safer with him around.
Tony snorted. “I’m not getting out of it.” “No.” He strengthened the hug to prove his point. The grin on Tony’s face disappeared and he allowed Steve to see his emotions displayed on his face. Still a little wet, red with a pick of a smile, softness in his tired eyes, no wrinkles on his forehead. This was pure Tony, he felt in love with. “I love you, Steve.“
He turned back to Tony. “So, maybe for me it was also proving myself that this wasn’t the usual way, that I would make it back. Last but not least, Bucky went. He is all the family I have, it wasn’t clear that we would end up together, we didn’t every time. Maybe it was destiny to that I was with him, when he lost his arm.”
“We better fit as friends; we both know that now. And nice sweater by the way… You and Steve, I know I reacted badly last week, but I think it could work out, actually the more I think about it, the more I’m sure that it was meant to be.”
“You know what, Nat?” Sam asked when the rest of the Avengers saw Steve and Tony walking off together, smiling softly at each other. “I will never doubt you again.”
Steve had wanted to help, and to be by his side. That’s why he tried to be annoyed, he failed miserably and at least then he should have known why he was always overwhelmed by his emotions when he was confronted with Tony. He didn’t, it took him another proof of the greatness of Tony Stark to realize.
“I said out.” Now he was talking with a silent but firm voice. Steve had backed down the last time he saw Stane, for Tony but also to not make a wrong impression on Howard Stark. The father was unconscious at the moment, and the son needed his protection, so Steve stood up and easily ranked over the man.
“Congratulations Captain, you saved a life today.” He smiled at Steve and shook his hand. “I’m sure Tony and his father will be more than grateful.” Steve couldn’t answer that and just watched the doctor disappear with the ambulance.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and pretty much stared his friend down. “If there’s something you wanna share with me, then spill it out and don’t make such a fuss.”
Another week later, and the Tower was full of people. The Avengers had assembled, FBI people, NATO people, UNO people, people of the federal government and the governor of New York himself. And some people Tony didn’t even bother to check further after JARVIS confirmed they were no treats. They all only came to watch the moment when they tested Bucky’s ability to withstand the brainwashing.
“Rhodey found him. I mean the whole mission was founded by Howard of course, but he saw James first. He told me the whole story, since Tony wouldn’t dare to.”
‘It’s more comfortable’, Tony had told him, when he allowed JARVIS to take off the iron shackles from Bucky.
Steve scratched his head. When Tony turned back to him, his eyes were watery, but there wasn’t a tear dropping out yet. “Yeah, yeah I did. I thought you liked it the last time.”
“Look at the mess.” Steve answered and turned into his direction. A little too early for Tony’s liking who was just wiping away his tears. Steve’s face softened within seconds. “Tony.” He said calmingly and walked up to the young man.
“Oh my fucking god!” Clint exclaimed, luckily silently enough to not wake up the billionaire. “Nat, did you give me drugs? I’m hallucinating. Tony’s buddy kinda looks different, younger, and Pepper looks an awful lot like Steve… Nightmare.”
A big smile appeared on Tony’s face, while there still dropped a tear out of his eye. “When I believed it was over, when I was at my lowest and my heart was giving up… Military was there to save me, or rather Rhodey. He organized the search for me, and he got promoted right after. I would be dead without him. I cried nasty tears in his arms and another round when I embraced my father.”
“Me. Yeah. I’m the lucky one.” He sighed. “We have to talk. Clint and Natasha took the quinjet to Moscow to meet up with a whistleblower and they may have a lead to a HYDRA base in Siberia. Bruce is still looking for options and Sam talks to Bucky.”
“That’s unfair, Rhodey.” Tony sighed. “I will forever be graceful… But I don’t know, okay? It’s fucking risky and I rather have six months than nothing.”
“It’s none of my business? Since when?” She asked getting progressively more furious. Tony shook his head snorting.
Hours later he entered the workshop, loud music crashing his ears and a mess in front of Tony awaiting him. The genius had probably just disassembled one of the prosthetics into fragments. They were lying next to him while he was going through his notes.
Steve closed his eyes for a moment. God, Tony reminded him of himself when his mom died. And his heart was breaking. Tony lost his parents, both on one day without warning. And everybody had expectations a twenty-one-year-old could never fulfill, even not a genius. No time for grieving.
Steve felt, how his face automatically put on a mask, so he wouldn’t show any emotions. He usually did when he talked about his father. “He went to the Kosovo conflict in 1999. Later we were told that he and a few other soldiers had stayed behind to help some Albanians carry out some blessed civilians, well a bomb deployed only about 50 feet next to them…” Steve turned even more away from Tony. “He only made it back in a coffin. Last deployment. Is that even believable? He wanted to stop to be with his family. Wasn’t meant to be.”
It was nice, Tony had to admit. It certainly didn’t feel right because he wanted to help his boyfriend but, in the meantime, he was doing what he always loved, working on tech. He enjoyed it and most importantly that was a project in which he saw progress, that helped him staying in a good mood.
“Oh, great… I’m already in heaven then.” Steve thought the same thing. He was just appreciating the most handsome man he had ever seen. Within milliseconds he had fallen for the deer brown eyes with the gold sprinkles in them before the guy’s eyes rolled back.
“You’re cold, c’mere.” Tony only hesitated a second when Steve lifted his blanket, before he lied down on his chest. He put the blanket over Tony’s shoulders and closed his arms around his back. “Are you comfortable?”
“There is, they had that since the day they met.” Natasha answered the new member of the team. “And just because Steve is out of another century, that does not necessarily mean he is homophobic.”
Tony laughed again. That must be the most beautiful sound Steve had heard in all his life. “You make it sound like he’s hitting on me. Natasha would rip me into pieces. But yeah… we talk a lot. I talked him into therapy…”
“Your engineers? Last thing I knew, they work for us, and I’m just following the plan, that we established with the board, a fucking month ago.”
Tony had thought it was a good deal, if Bucky would start being an honest and lawful American citizen, they would reconsider if the ankle tag was still needed. And Tony had proposed him a place in the Avengers, well Sam had given the information to Bucky but it had been Tony’s idea. But Steve hadn’t liked anything of the deal with the FBI.
Tony’s eyes were still flickering. His beard was a disaster, as where his hair. He was shaking, sitting in fetal position, knees to his chest and the head on them. He hugged his legs. Steve had actually never seen any person in this state, and he had been in the war. It was disgusting and heartbreaking at the same time. He couldn’t believe that was actually Tony Stark.
“Why building it in the first place?” Steve asked, since that was the only thing he just hadn’t understood yet.
“Take care son.” The man behind him said. He sounded different than the other one. It was Howard Stark. He looked and sounded tired, concerned, while the other guy – Obadiah, if Steve guessed correctly – sounded, well happy was an understatement, euphoric fit a lot better.
“A friend? You’ve known him for three days? And he lives here? Sees all your stuff? The blueprints? Are you out of your mind?!”
“Okay, give me a short version.” Steve said when the doors opened in front of him and he turned left to follow the hallway.
Steve was absolutely done with this shit so he just pushed to door open and entered. Thank God, Tony had at least put on the shorts and the sweat pants. Steve swallowed when he really looked at Tony.
It was unsurprisingly Tony losing his temper. “Shut your fucking mouth, Obadiah. I will throw you out personally if you don’t back off, and believe me I’m strong and angry enough!” He screamed and after a few seconds Stane actually made a few steps backwards without taking his eyes off Steve, neither did he.
He jumped up, put his laptop in his back pack and started running. “JARVIS scan every camera you can find, search for Steve.”
Steve sighed and restarted packing his bag. He hadn’t put so much out of it yet, but it still was a real struggle to fit everything again. “I’m not moving in with him.” He clarified.
“He won’t Tony.” Steve declared. “Yes, he’s my best friend, but as long as you’re not alright with him, he won’t be a part of our future okay? There’s still so much to come, I mean, people will want explanation when his surviving is public news… We’re far from the point where he’s going to be that close to us, especially to you.”
“You should have seen her face. She lost it completely. First, she dead-paned, and then she was lying on the floor dying of laughter, she actually couldn’t breath anymore. Useless to say, I had been shitting my pants before but I wanted to die right then and there. I actually wished for a bomb to drop right on my head.”
“He was first front in the war. You don’t do that if you have any doubt about you being on the wrong side.”
He looked a moment into Tony’s direction. The other man wasn’t exactly hiding, but he obviously tried to stay away as far as humanly possible for the moment. “I’ll come back the moment you need me, if any of the Avengers need me, because you saved me.”
But yet there he was, just standing there and watching. The Winter Soldier let go of Cap’s body and now lifted his face to look into his direction. Directly into Tony’s eyes and the man starred back, brown eyes of the murderer of his mother.
“I don’t think he changed. I didn’t know him before, but usually he’s not Captain America around me, maybe it’s because I don’t let him be Cap. I don’t like that patriotic guy.”
“I’m sorry.” Came out of Tony’s mouth without him being able to stop it. “I’m not doing that on purpose.”
Even though he had liked the book, he stopped reading from time to time to just watch his friends joking and playing around. This image had stuck with him forever, but only now he found time to actually sketch it down properly. He hoped he got it right, he had pictures from that day but he wanted to get their faces right without technological help. This was great memory training, at last.
Tony shook his head and walked around the kitchen. He grabbed two bananas, showed them like a price into Steve’s direction. “That will do, I lost a lot of time on the hospital. There are two prosthetics laying around in the workshop. They have a malfunction and people are waiting for them. See you later, dude.”
“Thanks to Nat, Sam and probably you. He talks about you a lot, only about the robotic arm but I’m sure there is more to it.”
Steve whispered things into his ear, but Tony didn’t understand one word. He was captured in his mind, and he just wanted to break free of it, leave his mind and never have to think again, never have to remember again. He wondered if it was humanly possible to never stop crying and if not, he would certainly be breaking the world record with the longest and ugliest crying session.
“No! He’s not allowed!” Steve grabbed the fries and put them out of Tony’s sight. Steve was the sweetest, when their friends said they would come along with fast-food, Steve ordered the same as Tony, salad and a burger bread without anything. Tony hated and loved it at the same time. No, he clearly loved it, more than he would ever admit.
Not even two hours later, they found themselves captured in a HYDRA convoy. Natasha was badly injured. Steve was totally lost by what he saw and Sam was angry and confused. Angry because Natasha needed help and confused by what Steve was saying. Plus, he was mad at Tony, the guy should know by now they were in trouble.
He wondered a little about the new car in front of it, which didn’t match one of Tony’s or his friends, but he wasn’t suspicious either. He had seen the security for this thing. He not only needed a personal code to enter, but it also had a biometrical eye scanner. Steve was nearly ashamed for still using that old Samsung smartphone which he had had for four years now.
“Son of a bitch.” Tony only whispered, before getting back on his laptop, now tapping more furiously on it that Steve had ever seen before.
Steve turned around without waiting for Tony’s reaction he walked away. If he was right, Tony would follow him in no time. He was way too nosy not to. At least that was what Steve hoped for. And he thought that his surprise was worth at least a glance from the genius.
God, he missed Bucky. He had since his friend fell off the train. But now, knowing he was still very much alive, but not with him and maybe farther away from him then in death, that broke Steve’s heart. But the first of all, he was terrified that one day he would have to choose.
Nat leaves the house swiftly, she packs her things, and nods at Steve on the way out, normally, Steve would walk to her to the door, but this time all it took was a glare and she scurried out faster than anyone who'd conversated with Tony without Steve's permission.
“Steve. Relax.” Nat nudges him, knowing that her friend was getting inside of his own head. “Stark has liked you for ages. There’s nothing that could possibly go wrong.”
The elevator doors open, swift and clean, inviting the two in the warm space Tony would have called home since Steve took him in. Or, more accurately, since Steve never let him leave.
Stepping back inside, Steve walks to his room, he lays back on his bed watching the door intently, excitement in his eyes and stomach, and definitely in his boxers.
Sharon sits up as the quarterback approaches her, nudging her girlfriend, who is not happy to be pulled out of her book. “Look.”
The team prattled away, Clint throwing popcorn around and the sound of soda cans opening. Quietly, the elevator doors open with a soft ping, heads turn to see Steve walking out proudly, they greet him with a chorus of "Hey Steve." Shuffling from behind him, Tony walks glued to Steve's arm, hiding, one could assume. As Nat spots him, glances are exchanged and silence takes over, there's no more chatter or excitement, just the pre-credits of the movie rolling in. Steve takes his seat, pulling Tony into his side, his beefy arms wrap around him keeping him warm, just as he had promised. It's awkward, to say the least, no one really says anything, which innocent Steve just perceives as interest in the movie.
"Well I supposed I could have a look at your programming," He chuckles and leans against the wall, "But seriously J, if you're not going to help, I'll go in myself."
"A gift? What could that possibly be? I have what I want right here in my arms" he leans down kissing his neck gently.
“Are those flowers for me?” Tony whispers, his tone much softer than before. Steve nods hopefully, giving him the bouquet.
"—eve, Steve!!" Tony waves his hand in front of Steve's face, the man quickly realising that Tony is in front of him. When did he come from the lab?
"Sir, Captain Rogers will return in a couple of minutes, may I suggest you return to your bedroom and rest?"
Steve growls, grabbing Tony's thighs and lifting him up, his hands squeeze Tony's ass drawing a moan from the younger man's lips. Moving back, Steve lays back on the bed, "I want you to ride me, baby girl, can you do that for daddy?"
Tony couldn't put together a coherent sentence, he just sobs into Steve's chest. Gosh did he love his boyfriend. Loved him so
"I'll never make any friends" Tony mumbles into his chest. "I thought you'd be happy for me. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you upset" he sobs a few more times.
"Peachy." Tony doesn't meet his eyes, he didn't want Steve to figure out how he really felt, Steve could read him like an open book.
"But Steve please" Steve's name had never bothered him. Until it came out of Tony's mouth. The smaller man pleads with him but Steve so stubbornly doesn't budge. He knew he was desperate, why wouldn't he be? Someone who actually wants to talk to him is the coolest thing ever, and who else than Steve himself to share this great news with. "She likes me for me, I know she's 21 but she's not like everyone else. She's a really nice friend".
She cuts him off again. "You run into his arms every night as he comes home, everyone knows that. He treats you like a baby because you behave like one. You need to leave, date, make mistakes, it's hard, probably painful, but it's going to be worth-"
Steve sits in his chair, in a button-up shirt, slacks and a nice tie. Something Tony had bought for him. He waited for the team to stroll in, settling down one by one.
Time could not have gone slower for Steve Rogers. Not only was he not interested in anything Miss Hill had to say, there was also a nervous feeling in his stomach churning out scenarios for tonight’s event. It could go: 1) wrong, 2) horribly wrong, or worst of all, 3) dreadfully, awfully, horrifically—
After saying his goodbyes to his friends, Tony heads off to the parking lot, knowing Hammer is desperate enough to be there. Seeing the man leaning against his SUV, Tony buries any second thoughts he was
"We've done things naughtier than dancing," Steve nipped at his neck gently. "I'll dance with you every day, every place in this tower."
There are still a handful of cars in the parking lot, maybe six or seven They’re for the kids whose families could
Almost immediately, Steve's fingers are hooked into the lacy panties worn by Tony, he pulls them down, gently and slowly all while maintaining eye contact. After his legs, he has no patience or care for the undergarment and rips it straight from Tony's body. "Now there's nothing stopping you, stretch yourself", he commands.
The way he and Steve had giggled like blushing maidens as they danced away. Dum-E had joined them halfway through causing the pair of them to end up in layers of thick fire-extinguishing foam. Tony kept his arms around Steve's neck, while Steve had his large palms planted on Tony's waist, fitting exactly like two pieces of a puzzle.
Tony examines the flowers for a few moments before placing them on the little table behind the door.
Monday. It's here. Tony's big day. Steve sits at the breakfast table, newspaper in hand, attention focused on the newest dealings of Roxxon. The bright beautiful chandelier hangs above them, diamond-encrusted, Steve's choice of course.
"I don't want you to go out into the big scary world. Look at you baby. You're not the normal 19-year-old. You're small and gentle and dress in women's clothing. Do you think they're accepting of that outside? I let you be yourself in here because I know you're safe. Do you think those nasty men would let you go? They'd take advantage, hurt you, eat you alive.  You're too trusting Tony. You wouldn't know any better when they're bending you over and forcing-" Steve's worked himself up, he can see those men, evil men, who shouldn't be trusted, clawing their hands all over his precious boy. Tony's soft crying and mewling, calling out for Steve to come and save him.
he'd shouted. Tony, as he did with everything team-related, had scoffed and ignored him, which Steve had taken as no effort.
Pulling back, Steve shakes his head. “I’ve liked you for so long, ever since I gave you those silly pencils in elementary school”.
"I know sweetheart. Why don't we go upstairs, it must be cold for you" Steve swipes Tony off his feet eliciting a giggle of excitement from his lips.
Tony whimpers, this time promiscuous. He slid down to his knees, this time between Steve's legs, "But if I never leave your side, it's their loss"
"I have something for you" she stands up and grabs a flattish box with some fancy writing on it and a baby pink bow tie. "Go on open it" she hands it to him, stepping back and sitting on the bed.
"I love you," There's a soft kiss on his head and Tony practically melts into him, he didn't need to say it back, Tony was always more physical with his actions, Steve
Bandaged up, Tony sat alone, scowling at his own feelings. Tony Stark, the genius who doesn't learn, he thinks. Stupid pathetic need to care about other people.
"Happy birthday daddy" he whispers into his ear leaving a sweet kiss on his cheek. Steve blushes and kisses his hand in return.
Using another finger, Tony moans out trying to sufficiently stretch himself for Steve's thick size. The super-soldier serum was effective in all places. "That's enough baby", they both knew it wasn't enough, but Steve couldn't wait. All he wanted was to see Tony take his cock, to hear Tony take him; all the beautiful sounds that escaped his lips.
It had been one week since Tony had come home, Pepper's vacation had ended and she'd sentenced him to bed rest; Steve too, knowing he was the only reason Tony would stay. Now that it was safe to walk again, Tony limps his way into the common room, it was still 8:43 am, the man would and should be in a deep sleep, snoring softly but Steve had made sure he'd gotten plenty of rest coddling him and wrapping him up in thick blankets and his strong arms.
He gasps "It's beautiful" he runs over to her wrapping his arms around her, "Thank you, you're so kind".
Two years. Tony had gone two years without ever begging Steve to go out in the streets. The scare last time had been bad enough. Thousands of people rushed around, barging into Tony without a care in the world for how he felt, or for who he was. "It will only be till 7 Sir, and we can stay here, where you can see us Sir" Tony's honey-brown eyes are wide and hopeful on Steve's answer.
The confused billionaire looks at Steve unsure. "It's okay, you can get the bag" Tony gulps nervously, letting Steve reach out for the bag. "Thank you Natasha. Tony's just a little nervous".
to buy these fancy hundred-thousand-dollar cars. It was okay, though. Steve’s Ma did her best. Steve couldn’t thank her enough.
Steve's eyes linger on Tony's face, he takes in all his stunning features; his honey-brown eyes outlined with black kohl, cute button nose and plump thick lips, at this moment coloured in a deep red lipstick. Never had Steve loved Tony more in his life.
Steve calmly stands, "You know, when Fury moved us into the tower, my first thought was that this wouldn't work. We're all mismatched adults under one roof, that it would be a total disaster."
Tony walks back out into his room, he plants his hands on his hips and struts around the room for Nat, who cheers him on supportively. "Tones you look wonderful", he blushes at the compliment.
The younger man's face immediately lights up "Yes please!!", he's on his feet within seconds pulling Nat into the elevator. Tony has a blast showing Nat all of his cool robots and creations down in the lab.
Tony's hands gently trace Steve's thick cock. "I know you would daddy". Steve's pants get tighter, he feels so hard they might just rip. "Let me help with these, they look tight daddy".
Steve blushes profusely, realising he must have spoken out loud, “Wait.” He pulls back nervously, although his hands stay on Tony’s back. “What about Hammer?”
Building away, Tony moves out from the suit and washes his hands, he'd promised Steve to spend a movie night with the team in an effort to make up for the fight. Steve on the other hand had promised to— well Tony couldn't think of much, Steve was perfect. He'd done everything right and there was nothing much he could ask for, so in the end, they settled on letting Tony decide when the movie night was and prostate milking Tony while he was spread, shaking, on all fours, and a sketchbook in Steve's lap to draw the magnificent work of his fingers. Tony had collapsed, buzzing with pleasure while Steve held him, murmuring soft praises.
Bile threatens to rise in Steve’s stomach, and his heart drops to his feet. That was Tony. In Hammer’s fancy rich hundred-thousand-dollar car.
The couple turn to look at each other, apprehensive and alarmed. “He does, he’s liked Steve since elementary school.”
"Right I'm coming sweetheart," He joins the billionaire, pulling his body close up against his own. "You know I love you." Tony blinks up at him and flashes his stunning smile.
"Of course sweetheart" Steve curses himself, the way Tony behaved only caused his cock to harden and his desires to grow.
Sharon swiftly pulls out a neat little letter from Pepper’s bag. “Tony was incredibly hurt. He’s our best friend, and I don’t want to see him hurt.”
The blonde stands, making his way to their bedroom, sorting a few things out. Both he and Tony were in the wrong and should apologise to each other.
Tony grins and twirls on the spot. "It's what I'm wearing when Nat comes over!" he beams, looking at how proud he is. The dress spins with him flaunting his thinly covered thighs during the twirl. "Do you like it?"
"Tony. We've spoken about this." His voice is no longer calm and gentle, there's some anger hiding behind the sternness of it. "We don't invite strangers round, do we baby", leaning down he pulls Tony into his lap.
He pushes his glass away from him for it to be swiped away by a working girl. "Leaving so soon Captain?". Her dark brown locks fall from her face, the rest neatly combed back, Marilyn Monroe on her best night. He nods at her, not bothering to be polite enough to engage in at least half a conversation and heads straight for the door.
"There has been a general sense of uneasiness from all members, but much of the hostility has been from Miss Romanoff, Miss Maximoff, and Mr Barton."
"Because" his eyes fixate back onto the newspaper before he lets his desires consume him. "Only one kind of person flaunts their body like that. You will not" The stern Captain America voice is back.
A smirk appears on Steve's face "I know baby" except, his appreciation wasn't towards the fireworks.
"Well we'd start with our bedroom, we wouldn't need any clothes there." The brunet giggled, blushing profusely. "Then we'd dance in the hallways on the common floor, and then in the common room, I'd hold you close and dance to a slow beat, so you'd hear my heartbeat and know how much I love you. I don't care if the team watches."
Steve's eyes watch the screen in his hand, fixated on the thin material Tony was wearing, but his heart? Steve's heart was too busy blossoming in his boy defending him like this. He had always thought he would lose Tony, keeping him was merely a dream, a hope. But this? This was far more than he deserved. He moves over to the couch watching intently, his mind begging him to go in there and stop them.
Steve switches off the StarkPad, a smile on his lips. Warm more so than sick, carrying the appreciation for Tony's actions rather than the thought of being able to claim him.
"I wanted to see Bruce, but I've seen him now, it's okay." Tony blinks back his tears, he didn't know what was worse, the fact he'd lied to his boyfriend or the fact the team thought he was fat.
Steve grunts, leaning his head back, he was still in power here, the stunning sight below him, Tony finally taking his cock into his mouth, swirling his tongue around his tip. "Baby", he chuckles, "You wouldn't last half a shift. All those half-drunk desperate folk, putting their hands on your twinky little body. Their hands up your skirt, no underwear to protect you, easy access to the perfect little pink hole. No baby, you would cry for me, beg for me to stop them, but I couldn't, could I?" Steve bucks his hips forward, hitting the back of Tony's throat, causing him to choke. He smirks at his poor skills, making Tony whine on his cock.
"I know Sir, she's not a stranger! She's been helping me with MIT and sending me extra help. I really like her! She's wonderful, I want you to meet her!!"
“Why did you accept the promotion than?” Tony wondered honestly. “You could have just stayed down in the rank. You wouldn’t have to decide.”
“Thanks.” He only answered. And the moment she had left the room, his stomach started growling, he should probably get something to eat before Tony would wake up. At least than he wouldn’t wake up alone and Steve could maybe talk to him about the operation.
I personally find it hilarious how Stane and Steve are bringing kind of the same arguments but with such differing intentions, I only realised that when I was revising the chapter.
Tony turned back to him. “That’s by far the sweetest thing somebody ever did for me… And that after I was so bitchy to you…”
“Calm down. Where are you right now? I’ll come, I don’t like it but it’s for Tony and he’s got other people here, you need me, I’ll be there. I will make a few calls and I get more people on board, people I trust with my life.”
“Nope, I have the hottest and most wanted bachelor in the US. I think I won the competition of dating the best possible choice. I don’t even need a price, since I already have you.” He stopped Tony from putting himself down again.
“It’s the worry talking out of me.” She sighed. “I can’t stay, though. I gotta go to work, but Nat, Bucky and Clint are there to say hello, and after Steve will stay with you, okay? I come back right after work.”
“We’ve got proof!” Clint exclaimed the moment Tony answered a video call from him, when the next week had just started. Natasha only rolled her eyes next to him.
That’s how they spend the next couple of days. Tony started sleeping less and less during the day, and sleeping a lot better during the night with Steve by his side. He ate more, he took a little more care of himself and they talked a lot. About them, about the future, Bucky, his parents, the Avengers, literally everything without having a single fight. Both counted that as a clear win. Everything was perfect in their little bubble until the morning of their sixth day together.
“My apologies to interrupt you, Sirs but I must inform you of the arriving of two visitors.” JARVIS interrupted their conversation. “Mr. Wilson is down in the lobby. He wishes to speak to the two of you.”
“None of your business.” Tony answered again. “Have a good day, Pepper. Goodbye.” And this time she actually left, probably not because she wanted to, but because she was still too shocked to refuse.
“It’s worse than terrible, Rogers, okay? So, your first date with Tony has to wait, or it will be the game, alright? Perfect, thanks. Wear a uniform. You can be his bodyguard, so he’s safe from the paparazzi.”
He felt safe with Tony, there was a connection between them that none of their friends seemed to understand. Honestly, neither himself nor Tony did. He knew the genius was still trying to fight it, withstand the feeling inside of him that Steve knew he must have too, just like he did. But Steve wouldn’t give up.
He had cried even more when they told him, he was going to survive. It was relief, mostly, but honestly Steve hadn’t believed for a second, he would make it. He had pictured himself on Bucky’s funeral, trying to stay strong for his mom and siblings.
“Something itches inside of me every time I meet Obadiah or Tony talks about him. And I’ve only known him for a week. Would he have a reason, to…?” Steve whispered.
“It’s silent.” Tony whispered but decided to not open his eyes. They hurt, and he was enjoying Steve’s finger on his face.
Steve interrupted him and let out a dry laugh. “Because everybody thought you were dead. Body in the ocean together with the ruin of your house.” He himself hadn’t asked Tony for help, but neither did Stark. He would have helped with the Mandarin.
He won’t ever forget how the doctor proclaimed his condolences to him. At least, Bucky had been there, the moment Steve had called him and had only been able to sob on the phone, his best friend had been on the way to him. Bucky had taken so much pain away. He wouldn’t have survived losing his mom without him.
They locked eyes for a few moments after not having given the other one a single glance for a while. “I’m embarrassed of what I did, Steve. But I’m happy I stopped it while I still could.”
“Nope.” Tony answered fast. “I’ll go home, could be the last time I see home, okay? I promise I won’t do anything dangerous. I just want my bed, seeing my dots one last time, my Dad and my friends. I’m leaving when you bring me the papers, I’m feeling good, perfect, really.”
The redhead gently opens the letter, seeing the ever-so-distinguishable handwriting of her best friend. “Oh no.” Her hands cover her face in realisation. “This wasn’t meant for
"I want to invite Nat over". Tony exclaims excitedly. Steve's heart drops. Anger replaces any appreciation he had at this moment.
car. It’s kinda pathetic. That car’s probably worth more than anything I’ll ever make. Anyway, c-call me. I— Maybe, I just need someone to talk to.” With one final heartbreaking sigh, Steve sends the voicemail.
"And the fact you sit by the swimming pool as he swims, or by the sink as he shaves. You're not blood- related Tony"
Tony wasn't bad at math. No. In fact, none of the avengers actually stood a chance against him in a math competition. He was precise, accurate and usually off by a few decimal places, going by his eyesight. Steve admired this about him, so much so he'd regularly give him complicated math problems just so he'd get to see Tony's face, which was quote-unquote adorable when he was working said problems out. He truly was a genius. So it comes as a total surprise to Steve when Tony miscalculates and ends up falling several thousand metres from the air and almost straight to his demise. "Tony!" Steve screams and runs towards the man, ditching the boy he was fighting, in a weak attempt to save him. By the time he reaches him, Tony is sitting up wiping the blood from his face.
Steve yanks him down and up again, forcing him to move faster, using him like a fleshlight. Hard as steel, he watches the miniskirt bounce and sway with his movement. Tony, of course, didn't disappoint, he cries out each time Steve drags him along his length. Each time hitting him head on his prostate.
The alcohol hasn't fully taken effect, in fact, this is the most it could ever do. It manages to bring up the deepest of desires. Steve's dark desires that are brought out for his lonely nights.
Tony sighs heavily, he didn't exactly know why he had so much hope, even Rhodey who was undercover had sent a message wishing him a speedy recovery, and poor Pepper who had offered to drop everything and fly home for him.
"Really baby", he wipes the tears tracks with his uniform sleeve, "But you promise me you'll stay safe and the moment things seem off you'll come and tell me".
The two sit, munching away happily, sneaking in the occasional kiss, he'd even forgotten about the absence of the team.
"Natasha, you say? I don't really know, baby. The world is scary. I'd rather have you here safe and warm where I know nobody can get to you. You have so much potential. All those days I left meetings because my boy needed me. All those days I fed you myself and kept you warm. I did do that, didn't I? For you?"
Tony gasps again, the need to feel Steve's body on his taking over. "Well Captain America, I'm here aren't I? Your girl is in need of a real ravishing. Won't you help?"
After a quick outfit change, Tony slips back into the room, he makes his way into the living room and sits down next to Nat and Steve who are pretty engrossed in their conversation. He clears his throat nervously, "I'm back"
"Ohhh daddy, you feel so good" Tony mewls, lowering himself onto Steve's cock, his little rim taking it inch by inch. Lifting the skirt up ever so gently, he watches Tony's muscles loosen around his girthy cock.
"I have reason to believe Mr Stark may be experiencing bullying. The receiving end Captain." JARVIS may have been AI, but there was clear sympathy in his tone.
Laying his eyes on the stunning sight in front of him, Steve sits up. "Fuck" he mumbles under his breath, "You're so fucking hot".
"Steve?" He immediately recognises the voice and sprints around to see Tony, tear-tracked and shaking.
Within minutes, Tony darts out of his room, tears running down his face and straight onto his knees by Steve's side.
"What?!" He splutters. Running a hand through his hair, Steve paces around the room very uneasy, "And you have evidence of this?"
Steve sees red, the anger he felt was no longer simmering but boiled in his veins. "Shut up!" He snaps. The team immediately quiet down. "If I haven't called him in it's for a reason."
Tony spins on his feet again, as the dress falls to his thighs, sure enough, his plump little ass is emphasised by the material. Steve wants. Steve needs. Thoughts turn dark, and he's furrowing his eyebrows in annoyance.
"Hey, that's totally different! I'm much better than Stark." Clint scoffs, "He's Mr Daddy issues dating Steve and I'm Mr Perfect
There it was, the guilt that Tony was hiding something, flickering in his eyes, Steve had spent a lengthy amount of time staring into those brown doe eyes. "I'm fine Stevie, Well I'm a little cold," He grins at Steve knowing he'd wrap those arms right around him. And, well Steve does just that. Tony falls into a deep slumber in the comfort of his boyfriend's arms.
"Where does she live?" Steve doesn't want to see the light in Tony's eyes die down or see them covered in tears. No. Tony is too precious to him.
"The Star-Spangled Man with a Plan!'" Tony finishes off the song and the beat stops, he steps out in the dark lit room under the spotlight.
Tony froze in his arms causing Steve to pull back. "Sorry, I'm just hungry," He brushed it under the carpet and squeezed his hand softly, "Let's get something to eat, hm?"
Falling back against the wall, Steve gasps in a breath. He was so sure, so freaking damn sure, that Tony would have run straight into his arms. Not this. No. Gosh no. Never this.
Steve scrunches his nose as if to hold back his disgust and laughter. “I’d feel bad that he lost out on you, but now that I have you, I don’t care for him.”
"Positive Captain, this last week there has been snide commentary regarding Sir's appearance and weight."
Tony's thin tights hug his legs, they complement every curve of his slim but no less beautiful thighs. Snug in all the best places, modest yet so incredibly flirtatious. A beautiful black
"You know what I'd do?" Tony's hands' fumble at the loose knot, he pulls his thick member out within seconds gently working it in his hands. "I'd wreck you myself. Bend you over, drag you along my cock till you can't form a sentence. That's what you'd be really good for. Maybe I would give them a show, a pretty little thing taking my cock would be a nice little something for them before I killed them. And you baby, you'd take it", Tony pants wantonly, "Without complaint. Spread your little legs for me, when and where I want you to" he leans down so that their breaths mingle "You owe me that".
There's sniggering around the room and Steve slaps his hand on the table, "Shut up!" His voice bellows across the room, stunning the team again, there is no room for joking today.
He smiles softly and climbs into Steve's lap, "Slept wonderfully. No doubt thanks to my wonderful boyfriend."
"Clingy baby, aren't you?" Tony nods into the crook of his neck, he could feel something wet on his t-shirt but chose not to say anything, "Would you like me to carry you back to bed?" He asks, knowing the man loves to be coddled in Steve's arms.
Steve had been in the lab all day with Tony, watching his genius mind truly be put to work. Steve himself had been drawing lovely little doodles of Tony just as he loves to do, even engaging in a rather rowdy game of catch with Dum-E. It was getting late though, Tony hadn't eaten much all day, aside from when Steve had physically sat the man in his lap and fed him like a baby.
Barnes nods at him affirmatively, nothing more than acknowledgement, Steve barely registering his own best friend. He knows Bucky will always have his back, even if he doesn't know what goes on in the front. It's no secret he's not against taking a few lives here and there if it was any different.
The walk into school couldn’t have been more humiliating. As if having his heart broken wasn’t bad enough, Steve had spent all weekend in bed wallowing in his own sadness. Reaching to open the door, he pushes it open, trying not to embarrass himself anymore. If he could just get through the day without seeing Tony or his new rich boyfriend.
Tony giggles in response and runs to Steve, "But Sir, this is the fashion, Nat said it was pretty when I showed her. We're both wearing our favourite dresses".
. Defeated and heartbroken, Steve makes the dreary journey home, barely dragging his heavy chest along.
, Steve thinks, ever so optimistically. Grabbing his flowers and school bag, he jumps out from underneath the bleachers and strolls towards the student exit.
Steve sighs and sits himself down on the couch, he and Tony argued, causing Tony to kick him out of the lab and stage a lockdown. In Tony's defence, Steve had been nagging him about coming upstairs to join the team.
Tony babbles to himself "Please daddy, let me finish Captain please", Steve yanks his head backwards with a fistful of Tony's hair
"I'm s-sorry daddy", Steve's cock spurts unexpectedly. "I w-won't i-invite anyone r-round" he sobs quietly into Steve's slacks.
