"It doesn't bother you?"
"Yeah, I can see it." The way Cas' eyes shot away, unable to face him, made his heart drop. Cas, for all he'd learned about humanity, still liked to drop bad news as if it was nothing. Cas looking away from him, avoiding his gaze as he tried to get him to look at him again, was frightening. The fear spilled over into frustration then into anger. Dean reached out, tilting Cas' chin up to force him to meet him again.
"Nope. If we're fixing this, we're doing it together so you don't screw it up." Cas looked at him like he was being particularly dense, and just a little hurt by the implication he couldn't fix it.
It hit him as suddenly as revelation. Dean was knocking him up. It wasn't just dirty talk. His heat made it real. Dean was a human impregnating him, an Angel of the Lord, even as he waged war in Heaven itself. It wasn't going to be new angels or new humans born from this.
"Dean." Dean cracked, threw up his hands as he turned away.
Cas. It had to be Cas, who else would decide to sleep in a monkey suit? Dean eased his eyes open, tilted his head just slightly to look down. Even squinting, he could see the golden light shining on his hands. So that hadn't been a dream.
He looked up, saw Dean had his eyes shut, lips parted as Cas swallowed around him. His cock ached seeing him like this. Didn't seem to matter that it was his first time as a human, his heat was guiding him through it. His heat kept that need pressing behind his teeth and cut through any concerns about doing this right. He wanted to keep going, let Dean come right down his throat, but the thought hurt too. It wasn't the right place. He needed to be bred, needed Dean to come in his ass.
"I'm fine."
Dean protested too, a winded groan that Cas barely heard as he pushed Dean up against the headboard, right where he needed him before he clumsily, with trembling thighs, mounted Dean. The wet slide of Dean's cock against his ass drew a little huff, not enough but a start as it dragged between his cheeks with a shift of his hips. Dean, somehow, was still wearing more clothes than him. He gave the tee under his flannel a glare, offended that it was hiding Dean from him, before he grabbed it, hiked it up to expose his chest. The line of his hips, a couple of freckles doted on heated skin. One little freckle, all alone, right next to his nipple. Oh. Cas grabbed onto his waist, needed to touch Dean, keep him exactly where he was as he raised his hips. The nudge of Dean's cock against his hole made him groan, push down on it and let it catch on his rim.
"Maybe there's a rift."
It would birth a Nephilim. Cas was creating a monster, an offense against God, committing the very oldest crime an angel could commit. The madness of his heat couldn't dull the revelation. There was no going back after this. It was beyond forgiving, more than his plans to win this war for good were. He could still feel Dean inside him, but his mind stuck on it. He was doing something unforgivable, and he didn't want to stop, couldn't stop wanting this.
Dean found it, a thrust that hit something in Cas full on this time and Cas seized up. Oh, oh fuck.
"You thought I felt guilty? I did, I do, but not because," the words stuck. Still hard to say it, even now, with Cas looking at him like he was preparing for Dean to break his heart. He was just as stupid as he was, for all his millenniums of experience. "Not because I don't love you back. I didn't realize, didn't think you could - fuck, whatever, it doesn't matter. It's not something you can't have." He managed a smile, in the light of dawning realization on Cas' face, the way he was clutching onto the guinea pig for his support as much as the guinea pig needed him. "You changed me too, Cas."
"This was the first one I received. He's a loyal friend." The guinea pig made a snuffling noise, like it understood Cas and the compliment. Maybe it did. Dean felt a laugh bubble up in him, certain that it was the same one who'd first appeared under his kitchen table. Of course it was.
"Doing what?"
"You never mean to but somehow, it always happens Cas!" Sam held his hand up, cut off Dean before he could continue.
"Weren't you just doing that?" Cas let out a noise like Dean was being especially stupid, his gaze drifting down to the glowing cut under his eye again, before forcing it back up.
"How the hell would I know?"
No, he was not jealous, even as Sam gave him a look that disbelievingly asked, 'are you seriously jealous of a guinea pig?'. Dean scowled in an attempt to get Sam to stop.
The whole galaxy and everything in it. Every star and black hole, supernova and planet, comet and every corner where anything lived, overlayed on his human eyes watching Dean above him. Double sight. He was coming as an angel and human all at once, seeing the whole universe and yet only seeing Dean too, just as beautiful and important as the universe, maybe even more so. He felt Dean's soul bursting through to touch his grace, to tangle up in it like he was an angel, like he could read every part of him just like he'd read all of Dean while pulling him out of hell. It felt like when he'd held Dean in his grace then, but this time Dean was responsive, not afraid, not hiding. He knew him now too.
"Yes, and no." Dean waited for an explanation, hand still resting on Cas' face. Waited until it was clear that Cas wasn't going to explain, even when he raised his eyebrows.
"Yeah well, I can't blame them for that. Why'd you dump them all in my house?"
"So what do we do?"
"You are going to, right?" The desperation was undignified. At this point, when Cas had touched him everywhere but his cock, he could deal with it if it meant Cas would finally fucking touch his cock.
Three.
When he finally looked up, catching his breath again, Cas already had his cock out. He shifted, propped on his elbows to get ready to reach out and give him a hand. Cas took it in hand before he could, jerking himself off at a furious pace as his thighs straddled Dean, before coming with a quiet gasp of 'Dean'. The sight made Dean's breath catch, seeing Cas completely let go, and right on top of him. It splashed onto his stomach, a line of come falling perfectly on top of one of the glowing cracks on his stomach.
"We need your help." Dean took his chance to escape while Cas wasn't looking at him, as a tightness in his chest that had nothing to do with his now healed ribs eased.
Dean grabbed it, squeezed the soap tight in his palm, and looked down. It took him a moment to register the golden glow he saw as he did.
"Yes! I'm sick of cleaning up after them, and the smell!" Dean picked the one on top of his head up anyway, plopped it down onto his thigh to stop it messing up his hair. "You said you had a plan. Tell me."
Dean pulled at his thighs, tilted the angle and pounded away inside him even harder. Cas clung on, rolled into Dean's thrusts, faster, needing more, wanting more. His body was taking the pounding like it was made for it, made to be fucked by Dean like this, destined to be fucked into oblivion, in a baby making haze and filled up with come.
Cas lifted his face from his neck and looked up at him. He was practically shining too, just from happiness instead of with grace. It was the goddamn happiest he'd ever seen Cas, and yeah, okay, that was worth it. That was so worth all of it.
"About why there were guinea pigs in their offices."
"Thank you, Dean." He felt Dean relax in his arms. He meant it. He was overwhelmed and awed. Something else was there too. Happiness. In the moment he felt a happiness he knew he would never get to feel again. He could feel the echo of Dean in his grace, the heat and wetness of Dean's come inside him, the angel and human breeding tangling up together. He was holding Dean in his arms and knew he would never do it again after today. He held Dean and Dean let him, sunk into his embrace as he shut his eyes. Head pillowed on his chest, hair brushing against his neck as he worked his fingers through it to calm it. It was beautiful, a sight that made love swell inside Cas.
Whatever Dean was looking for, he found it. He leaned in closer. Calmer, in control, and Cas shuddered to feel his breath against his neck. "That's what you want? You want me to breed you? Get you pregnant? Fuck you until you're so full of my come that you can't take any more?"
"Forget it. Let's just get the guinea pigs out of my house." He didn't miss the discomfort on Sam's face as he went over to the desk - good, this was his fault for bringing it up - and pulled the bottom drawer out. At first it just looked like a normal drawer, nothing unusual about it. Dean crouched down, gently nudging a guinea pig away from his foot as he did. No, there was something off about it. The bottom of it didn't quite fit, like it was an illusion and not a solid thing. Dean poked at it. Nothing. Maybe it only worked with guinea pigs. He picked one up that was next to him, placed it down into the drawer and it vanished. One moment it was there and then, gone.
The press of two fingers on his forehead he knew, his injuries and pain vanishing as if they'd never been there. The strange tingle that ran through his nerves as Cas healed him, yeah, that was familiar too. The way it lingered in him even as Cas lifted his fingers up wasn't. It sat in his ribs just like the pain had, but it didn't hurt. It wasn't pain. It was something else, cool at first like an IV line but slowly warming up inside him.
"You can see it?" It sounded weird, breathless, as if it was a shock but not like how it was a shock for him. Like Dean was seeing something he shouldn't have, which okay, fair. He wasn't supposed to see himself looking like a glow-stick that had been cracked a whole bunch of times, he was pretty damn sure of that.
"So I guess I better return you to the kid who's looking for his pig, huh. You'll be happier with him." Dean was sure of that. He'd be happier with Cas too.
"And then?" Cas bit down on his lip. He couldn't get the words out. Couldn't explain how the pregnancy wouldn't be the problem, he could bear them without trouble. It'd be afterwards, when the new troops were safely born, when Raphael would have the time to finish making an example out of him. "Cas…"
"Yes."
Cas pulled back. His hair was a mussed mess, his lips wet and pink from kissing as he lay his head back on Dean's pillow, like he had always been there. His eyes watched Dean as he reached up for his wrist, pressed light kisses from his wrist to the tip of his fingers along the cracks.
"It's not up to you, Dean. You can't go in there, it's not for humans. It's just for them." It didn't hurt that Cas had taken the time to design a dimension, one that he specifically couldn't access, while he was ignoring him. It didn't hurt at all, so when he ignored Cas offering him a hand to take them both back to his house, Sam taking his other hand without question, he ignored both the hurt on Cas' face and the 'are you fucking kidding me?' look on Sam's. It was not because he was hurt. It was because he hated getting jerked around by angels and getting pulled around from place to place.
Cas had never done this like a human before. Of course he'd bred as an angel before, felt a heat before but riding Dean, feeling the catch of the head of his cock inside him, was different. There was no stretching of time and space. No spanning the galaxy as two graces merged, probing each other, exploring every nook of him, as deep and intimate as anything an angel could experience. No, it was just Dean nestled inside him, cock throbbing, eyes watching him through fluttering eyelashes like he'd never seen Cas before in his life. It was so close, so small and so human. It was a tiny gesture in a huge galaxy, and Cas wanted it so badly he would die if anything stopped them now.
The Nephilim tugged on his grace. He couldn't stay, it was too dangerous. He'd already asked Dean for too much. He shouldn't have asked for this, couldn't ask for even more. Dean had no idea what he'd just borne, of Cas' love for him or the abomination Cas was now carrying.
"What is it, a baby?" Dean held it close to his chest anyway, which seemed to calm it down. "Hey, it's probably hungry. Wanna split your lunch? I'm sure it'll enjoy it more." Sam rolled his eyes but picked up some of the lettuce from his plate anyway and pushed it towards Dean.
"Cas, I need you. My room. Don't tell Sam." He waited, his heart loud in his ears, scrunched his eyes up as he felt the seconds tick by. "Please."
"It feels like I've failed when I do. I should prevent you needing to be fixed in the first place." Deep sincerity in his blue eyes, trying to get Dean to understand. "But it's beautiful, too. How you continue, don't stop because of your breaks. How you keep going and piece yourself back together. It is very human. How you change and yet you are always Dean Winchester, how this," Cas reached out to rest his palm against his heart, felt the warmth of his hand through the thinness of his tee, gave him an affectionate smile, "does not change, even when it breaks. It is so beautiful, and you are beautiful, not despite the cracks but with them and even because of them."
"I love you." It was a low whisper against his skin, but he heard it, felt it and knew Cas meant him to. His other hand drifted to run along Cas' jaw, with Cas' grace and the physical proof of his love shining out of it. He inhaled, and took a moment of relief in being able to do it without his ribs aching. It felt different this time. Like it could get out of him, the words wouldn't get stuck in his throat this time.
"This!" Dean gestured to himself, to the glowing cracks of gold on his arms. "I look like I'm about to go nuclear, man, that ain't normal. I think the demons did it, they tried to do something to me, we need to fix it." Cas' eyes widened in shock, like he'd only just seen what was wrong with him. Dean would make fun of him for being so slow if they weren't in the middle of a much bigger problem. "Cas, we need to fix this, now."
"I need a shower and coffee first." Even with the pain gone, Dean needed the grime off him before starting on their next hunt. It couldn't wait, it never could wait. If it could wait, they wouldn't have come.
He had. Tried praying to him a bunch of times. He was damn sure Cas had heard him but there was no sign of the feathery asshole. It was bad enough that his brother was bringing it up. It'd be even worse if he found out Cas was leaving him on the angelic equivalent of read.
"Slow down there, cowboy. Don't you even want to kiss first?" Cas looked up. Even from between Dean's thighs on his knees, fingers wrapped around Dean's cock, desperate to suck him off, he could still glare. He could still ignore any twist inside him from the suggestion.
"Mornin', handsome." Dean saw how Cas softened around the edges at that, as if he'd never dared hope for this. He leaned in, kissed him again like he didn't likely have morning breath. Cas opened to it, let him in to kiss his way into his mouth, lips parting as his fingers moved to run through Dean's hair and a hand curled around his neck. It was protective, his hand lingering when Cas pulled back to stare into his eyes.
He was filled with so much grace that on first glance it was dazzling, and it was all from Cas. It was like he was a pot that kept getting broken and yet Cas kept fixing him anyway.
"You can't do this dry Cas, for the love of God-" Cas didn't stop, didn't want to hear another word about God while doing this. He dropped all the way down in one move and filled himself with Dean. The burn, the fill of it. Dean's cock bottomed all the way out in his ass, and sent shocks through him. He bit back a whine, felt like he'd just downed water after nearly dying of thirst. The pain was only for a moment, before a casual flick of his grace dealt with it. Dean's cock eased the real, deeper pain of not having, of not being filled, of not being bred like he needed. Dean groaned under a wriggle of his hips and looked up at him, with an arm thrown over his head, with irritation, spiked with lust. "You're crazy." Dean was right. Angelic heat was a form of insanity so Cas didn't argue. Couldn't with how badly he wanted it anyway, he didn't want to think of retorts, of pushing back. He just wanted his cock. He shifted, trying to push it even deeper inside him, before he moved his hips to start fucking himself on Dean's cock.
"I love you too."
'I'm sorry, Dean. This was too much to put on you. I must bear it alone.'
"Uh...no." Cas didn't get any further in his failed attempt to explain before the bottom drawer of his desk burst open, and out of it rushed more guinea pigs.
"You can't be serious." If he could think, he might be pleased to be considered capable of joking. In Cas' current state, all he could think was more, fuck, needed more, still wasn't enough, more. His vessel still shuddered from the aftermath of his orgasm but he needed more.
He'd call Cas later, once they got back. He let himself think about it, about him, as the pain cracked through him with each breath, with every jolt on the road, despite how carefully Sam was driving.
Cas dropped onto his knees in front of Dean like worship. He'd never been this close to Dean, not in a human body. He'd rebuilt every cell, pulled back together every atom of Dean's body. He knew every inch of Dean. And yet. From here, with the balding motel carpet under his knees, with his breath caught in his throat as he looked at the weave of the denim, thought of what was behind that fabric, the thighs and dip leading down, that'd guide him down the weight of Dean's cock, it was different. It made him ache, the manic edgy need to touch Dean and touch him everywhere, but just a bit awed, too, like he shouldn't touch it. Maybe this was how the humans he'd seen in front of works of art felt, the smears of colored egg worked into plaster that made a woman cry.
"Of course." Dean ignored the concern radiating off Cas as he stumbled past him and made his way to the shower room. He was fine. He couldn't get caught up in it, still needed to figure out how to tell Cas about what happened with the failed spell. That'd knock the concern off Cas' face, replace it with disappointment instead, like Cas always got when he did something stupid. As if Dean could somehow still disappoint him in that respect. He really should know better by now.
"After a few days you won't be able to see it any longer." Dean watched himself, reflected in the mirror. It was too late, he knew what it looked like. He could see Cas' devotion written into his skin, as he tried to hold the broken parts of him together. It was too much. He didn't deserve it, still wanted it.
"I'm not going to fuck you, Cas!"
He lurched to and landed states away from their encounter. Castiel sighed, leaning his back against the stucco covered wall. He could feel the heat spreading through him. But it wasn't like it should be. It wasn't like how it'd be if Raphael had triggered it in his true form. If Raphael had succeeded in blasting him back into Heaven. His human vessel, unexpectedly, did not fall immediately like his true form would, but it was starting to grow inside it.
"It's your house, Dean. That makes it your problem." Dean considered the guinea pig in his hands. It looked fancy, white with spots of dark brown on it and long, flowing well-groomed hair, as it tried to wriggle its way out of his grip. It looked like someone's pet. Someone, out there, had lost their pig.
"I am not ashamed of loving you." Despite that bold statement there was hesitance in Cas' voice that didn't match it and made Dean frown. "But I don't want that to be a burden on you." Oh, of course. Of course Cas was more worried about that than about himself. As if Cas' love would be a burden on him. The only burden Cas ever put on him was when he went off and did something stupid without telling him because he didn't want him to get involved.
He was panting, considering just going 'fuck it' and touching himself when Cas caressed the arch of his foot, ran his thumb along it before pulling back up. He reached his cock and just - looked at it.
Cas took it as enough. It shouldn't be, Cas deserved more, but he still took it as enough and damn it, it was the sort of kindness that made him fall for Cas in the first place. It was enough to make Cas kiss his lips briefly, murmuring his thanks against them before kissing his way back down to his neck. His hand stayed on Dean's shoulder, his grace humming against his skin, the cracks brighter as Cas kissed along them. It only moved as Cas moved further down him, lingered on his chest and all the stupid injuries he'd got there. So many faded scars, visible again, that Cas lavished his attention on like he was kissing them better. His lips making a line on his newly healed ribs, carefully checking it'd healed with his mouth and fingers. Slowly, patiently, ignoring how hard it was getting him until he finally, finally reached the dip of his hips.
"Shut up." There was no fire in it though, and the guinea pig did look happy with the lettuce. Dean met Sam's eyes, just a little smug about it, and it hit him again just how glad he was to have his brother back with him too.
"Jeez, I don't know, because you've been living here?" Sam sighed again as he pulled his chair back and looked under the table.
"Oh, it's that? I thought you two were trying to – anyway, if you need to go upstairs, you can just pray. Don't try to rip chunks out of heaven!" Dean looked over at Sam who looked like he was having the same thought as Dean was. They probably should have tried praying in the first place, seeing as this was, after all, heaven. Yup, that would have been smarter, even if Cas was ignoring him. Someone else might have picked up the call.
"So what brings you here?" A sensible question from Sam. The way it was teamed with the look like he wasn't sure if he was interrupting something but doing it anyway, made Dean take a step back. For a moment, it was almost like Cas was pulling forward like a magnet, back to Dean. But he didn't. He stopped and looked at Sam, his face shifting, unreadable for a moment before it returned to neutral and serious.
"You're clearly in pain."
"You thought I would have forgotten about it by the time I arrived."
"Yes."
"I'm not looking after a guinea pig."
"Dean, please." His voice cracked. He met Dean's eyes and saw the hesitation and fear in them. He had to make Dean understand, make Dean agree. He pressed up even tighter against him and begged. "I need you, I need you to mate with me, I need you inside me, Dean, please." He hung on, felt his desperation leaking over and couldn't stop it, didn't want to stop it. If Dean saw it, even as he shut his eyes, he might understand. Understand exactly how much he needed Dean inside him, coming in him again and again, filling him up with his seed until he couldn't take it anymore. "Dean…"
"You're serious? Angels breed? You can get knocked up with baby angels?"
"You're teaching him bad habits. Shouldn't you be setting an example, you know, joining the choir invisible? Finally learning to play the harp?" Dean laughed at his own joke, trying to imagine Cas wrangling with a harp, in long flowing white robes and a halo. He couldn't see it. Cas smiled again, probably more at Dean laughing than at the joke itself. He could live with that.
"You can't. I'll fix it." Dean shook his head as he got up. He didn't trust Cas to go off and fix things on his own without making a hash of it. Didn't have a great track record with that. It might only be guinea pigs, but Cas might end up making them rain from the sky or something.
"Shut it."
"They got you in the ribs."
"Come on, you know you want to."
"From the first time I healed you." Dean shut his eyes and let out a hiss. Couldn't help thinking of all the angels he'd seen since then, all of them knowing something about him that he didn't. "Ah. That bothers you."
The banging noises coming from the desk, like something was trying to break free from it, broke the moment.
"Yes. They can come and go as they please."
"You completely spaced out! I'm not doing this like that." Accusatory, like Cas had done something wrong. Maybe he had, maybe he'd broken some rule he didn't know. The heat clawed at his skin as he tried to figure it out, fogging his mind up. What did he do wrong? He wanted Dean, wanted Dean to get him pregnant and Dean had agreed to. Until now.
"You're not driving."
"Uh. This isn't what it looks like, I can explain."
"It's just bruising."
"They'll kill you if you go back?" Cas didn't understand why he was asking but nodded in agreement anyway. Dean looked up at the ceiling, didn't meet his eyes as he exhaled deeply through his nose. "Okay. I'll do it but after this, we are
"Oh, it's your favorite Dean."
"Dean..." Dean got up from the couch, checking for guinea pigs on instinct around his feet before realizing they were all gone. The final one was firmly clasped to Cas' chest, ready to go home. Cas loved them, obvious in the tender way he cared for them. Cas loved him too, suddenly obvious in the way he looked at him, how he touched him, in the way he'd laid a hand on Dean in hell and dragged him out of it, again and again, even though he was much less cute and gave Cas significantly more grief than they ever would.
Cas tilted his head up and met Dean's gaze. A slight narrowing of his eyes, as if he was looking into bright sunlight, almost squinting. Cas stared at him, eyes slowly adjusting, taking him in and Dean felt his stomach drop. The way Cas was staring, like he had some sort of secret written on his face that Cas was determined to work out, made something itch inside him. He couldn't pull his eyes away until Cas frowned.
"You like that? Talking like you've seen everything but it's so easy to overwhelm you." Even in his need, his desperation, he gave Dean a squinty, irritated look in response to Dean thinking he knew more, undermined by another jolt, as the aching shot through him. Dean didn't care, kept talking even as his breathing stuttered. "You're so good like this though. Ready to be breed, all warm and welcoming for my cock. So crazy for my dick you didn't even prep for it." Dean groaned, pounded harder into Cas as his nails scrambled across his back, cut deeper into it as Dean fucked him relentlessly. "Gonna come again."
“All done, boys. Keep still and I’ll be back with an orange juice and cookie in about ten minutes.” Donna winked at Castiel. “Whatever you’re doing to distract him, it’s working. But remember what I said—no mess for me to clean up.”
“Well I’m glad about that. Jo isn’t that kinda girl.”
“Do you like it? The car, I mean, not the crappy joke. This is one of the car’s I thought—well, Bobby and I thought might suit you.”
“Can’t I hang out with my favourite tenant?”
“All this for nothing.” Castiel sighed. “I’d really hoped I’d be able to do something for Sam. But I completely forgot, I don’t think my brain even switched on until I had that coke.”
“Balthazar Freely, antiques dealer and property portfolio developer.”
“Shorter than Dean, just a little.”
It… definitely sounded like Dean.
“I know you do,” she says, smiling at him. “You’re good kids. And I just want you to be happy.”
“Oh! No, not these!” He held out the blue panties. “No, they’re, these aren’t mine. They’re—”
been all this time, but when those girls started in on her, it was the obvious thing for her to say, don’t you see. And she’s always had a soft spot for you.”
“Where is it?” Ignoring Bobby, Dean held his gaze.
“And I said, we’ll give you three grand for the lot, but he wasn’t having any of it.”
"Not the-" Too late, the damn navel jerk and dragged off by an angel sensation pulled them up, suddenly arriving in the stark whiteness of the angels' part of heaven. "Damn it, don't do that!"
"Yeah, sounds like a mouse or something. Do you get mice here?"
"I wouldn't ask this from you if there was any other way."
"Don't stop." Dean sighed before flipping Cas over. Cas fell without resistance, letting Dean pin him down onto the mattress, loom over him like he was going to give him the screwing of a lifetime. The thought made his heat burn in him, need flaring up. Dean was pinning him down. Dean was going to breed him until it took, until he was sated and filled with come and wrecked. The thought made him shudder, his cock sliding against the line of Dean's hip as he pressed down on top of him.
Of course his angel blade wouldn't kill Raphael, he knew that. But it was his last resort. He refused the pain of how well he knew the exact spot to kill any regular angel now, and how he wouldn't hesitate to do it. It worked. The slide of his knife into Rafael's chest was enough to shift Raphael's weight off him, enough to give him that second he needed to escape.
"Why did you even need a pocket dimension?" Sam sounded genuinely curious, as if it was a very interesting question instead of the answer just being 'because Cas is hoarding small furry animals'. He'd point it out if the sight of Cas almost glowing while surrounded by guinea pigs, after last seeing him getting dragged away forever, wasn't throwing him for such a loop.
"Questions?"
He had to go now. He cleaned himself up, reluctant to sweep away the evidence of this occasion, of just how successfully Dean had knocked him up. He left the come inside him, wanted to feel it, to know that this had really happened. Even if it was something that he knew he couldn't keep if he was to win this war. He pulled his clothes back on as he heard Dean moving around in the bathroom. If he didn't go now, before Dean came back out, Dean would ask him to stay. He would say yes and rain Heaven's wrath upon both of them. He knew he couldn't say no to Dean, and that he couldn't let himself say yes. He reached the door, wiped the sigil off it before vanishing just as Dean opened the bathroom door. Cas knew how Dean would react, how angry he'd be, and made his own prayer to him as he threw himself out of Dean's orbit and out of his galaxy altogether.
"Did what?"
Dean stopped. It took Cas a moment to realize he had, that Dean's cock was still inside him but not moving as Dean looked at him.
Dean dropped his hands, turned away from Cas as he looked at them. He couldn't meet the look in Cas' eyes, it was too much for him to handle. The light seeping out of every finger, how he'd managed to hurt every single one and how Cas had healed them. In the mirror in front of him he saw it too. Faint under the other cracks and lines he'd gained since, but still humming with grace. The glow from where Cas had touched him to heal him in Lucifer's Crypt.
"I'm not saying that." Man, Sam could be such a buzz kill. Dean pushed his chair back and ignored the barrage of shuffling and squeaking it caused. Guinea pigs didn't have a heaven, he was ninety nine percent sure of that, but perhaps there was some other divine intervention involved.
"Dean?" Not even a full minute and Cas was there in the doorway. No coat, no jacket, like he was planning to stay a while. Concerned but calm, much calmer than Dean felt with his heart in his throat. Like Dean wasn't leaking light like a nuclear bomb about to explode.
"I'm fixing it." Cas didn't look at him before he walked out to the kitchen, heading towards the back yard. Dean sighed, running his fingers through his hair before deciding to sit down on the couch. Sam was - in fact he wasn't sure where Sam was, until he heard his voice in the yard too. He should have gone to join them and help out, but he didn't. It felt weird to be sitting around, wrong to let someone else fix his problem for him, but the line of Cas' shoulders when he'd left the room said he didn't need his help and more to the point, didn't want it. Which figured. Cas wasn't going to say it, but he was avoiding him and Dean wasn't such an idiot he couldn't figure out what that meant.
The first sign that anything was wrong in heaven was the snuffling noise coming from underneath the kitchen table.
"Who the hell are you, anyway?"
"A rift. What, according to the lore there's a dimension full of the furry little bastards?" Feeding them wasn't a problem, he could just throw the vegetables he stole from Sam's fridge next door on the floor and they'd be happy. Sam had insisted on leaving hay too after reading about it somewhere. It made Dean feel like he was living in a barn but whatever, it seemed to make them happy. No, it was the pooping and the squeaking late at night that he was getting real tired of. Sam looked up at him, sitting next to and petting a particular enthusiastic black and white guinea pig on the couch, before taking a swig from his beer.
"Cas, seriously, what the hell is going on?" Cas turned, palm closing up under the weight of Dean's eyes, fierce but worried. He met Dean's eyes without hesitation and noticed the absence in the room. No Sam. Fine by him. It'd make this easier if it was just Dean. Cas held his gaze and ignored how he could feel heat creeping along his skin. It was starting to kick in as Dean got closer to him and ignored his personal space.
"Ugh, give me five and I'll be back. Need a human break." Despite the threat of Dean getting up, leaving for a moment, Cas didn't feel the blind panic of earlier. Didn't feel like he was about to die because Dean paused in fucking him. Instead he felt himself smile at the need for a 'human break'. That was it, his heat was done. He must only be able to handle one baby in this vessel, then. Despite his words Dean didn't rush up, trailed his hand along Cas' chest, running down his body before lingering on his hips for a moment. Cas let him linger, he would let Dean take as long as he wanted, but Dean finally pulled himself up and out of bed. Carefully Dean picked his way through the broken glass to the bathroom, moving like it was a trap he'd set to capture Dean but he'd never be caught by.
He hoped it was just bruising and those assholes hadn't cracked any ribs. He couldn't let Sam see it, because then they'd have to discuss urgent care, and paying for the privilege of waiting around for a radiologist to tell him that yeah, he was hurt again. Dean just wanted to go home, pop some painkillers they'd stashed from their last visit, which was way too recently for his tastes, and wash off the grime of this hunt and sleep. He could handle a couple hours of driving. The pain would keep him awake.
"I did a test on one, and it showed it's not from this dimension. It might be an overlapping dimension, or something else that's close to that. So, if we open up a portal in the back yard to their original dimension, then according to this book, it'll suck them all back up again." Dean scooped up the guinea pig on his thigh into his hands to join Sam for a closer look at the book. Even by medieval standards, the illustration next to the text was incompetently done.
He turned back again to face Cas. The furrow of his brow said he wanted to heal whatever was wrong, as if that hadn't got them into this mess in the first place. The intensity in his eyes, trying to make it right, trying to understand what Dean needed. He couldn't ask for it, but maybe it was better if he just showed it instead.
"Nah, those don't look like any cat I've seen,"
Behind the door next to them was a guinea pig. The two of them turned around, rested their shoulders against the door. Dean raised three fingers to count them down.
"Yes." It wasn't a sacrifice to say they'd never talk about it. He didn't need that, talk was cheap and Dean had agreed. Dean's agreement would spare him from getting sent back, from losing this war and leading too many to their deaths. There was only one way he could show the deep, endless gratitude he felt.
"Some shit about grace or something. I was kinda busy trying not to get my ass fried."
"What were they trying to find out?" Dean groaned and shut his eyes. He didn't fucking care, they were dead, but Sam still wanted the 411.
"It'd be useful to have a guide, huh. If only we had a guide. If only we'd had someone willing to help us, someone you hadn't pissed off."
"And you still didn't come? Did you think you knew better than me, that I didn't mean what I said? Cas, you goddamn idiot."
"Of course." Dean cracked one eye up to give him a really good look, to make sure he wasn't just saying what he wanted to hear before sneaking off again. Cas, amused, turned them both over with a heavy thump. "We still need to talk to both of you tomorrow." Dean thought of what Sam was doing right now, how he was probably being bombarded with hundreds of questions from Jack. Probably wondering where the two of them were too and if Dean was going to show up to save him. It made him smile. Hah. After the endless questioning on the drive home, Sam could deal for one night.
"Cas?" He heard the fear in Dean's voice as the galaxy faded from before his eyes, as he felt Dean's soul withdraw from his grace. As he came down with a bump, suddenly back in his vessel with wetness on his face. He'd cried? Unexpected. He wiped it away before reaching up, pulling Dean against his chest and his fingers moving into Dean's hair. He felt the fear in Dean too, tried to ease it even as he wondered if Dean could understand what had just happened to his soul, that it hadn't just been his seed Cas needed.
"Cas?" Dean's hand on his face pulled him out of his head and back into what his body was doing. "You okay? You checked out." The concern on his face, even when he was balls-deep inside Cas, fucking him even when he didn't want to, made Cas feel tender. Dean was a good person, loved so much that it hurt him. That love came out in the worst possible ways sometimes but it was always love behind it, not greed or hate. He wasn't someone Cas deserved.
He tightened around Dean, making Dean rise up, try to move him about again. It annoyed him. Like Dean thought he needed to be told how to be bred, like the urge wasn't consuming him, telling him everything he needed. His hands dug into Dean's hips, pinning him to the bed before he levered himself deeper, bouncing himself even harder on Dean's dick. He felt it as a spark first, a sudden brightening of Dean's soul before his body followed. Dean came inside him with a shudder that made Cas tighten his hold on his hips, digging in, bruising him as he kept fucking himself on his cock. A desperate, low noise escaped him as he felt the spurt and twitch of Dean's dick spilling inside him, filling him up with come. Not enough. Need more, more, needed to keep riding Dean until he got him knocked up, needed it so badly that the thought of not getting it was enough to make him feel like he was being pushed over an edge.
"This is how angels see grace?" Cas was silent. "Is this normal?" Cas stayed silent and looked away, like Dean was blinding him, like it was Dean's fault that he was glowing like a lamp. "If you've been doing weird angel shit to me, I need to know. You can't just do that to me and then pretend you didn't. What the fuck, man, it's not right." Cas' eyes snapped back to him, irritation clear in them. Dean was asking questions he didn't want to answer. Dean refused to back down. "Tell me."
“He was used to doing that with Mom,” Jo put in, having either overdone the eggnog or developed a death wish.
“Well I’m hungry, even if you aren’t,” said Hannah, catching him by the elbow and dragging him off the walkway and towards a hotdog seller. “Let me buy you some lunch.”
Dean raised his eyebrows, shooting him a quick look as they waited for the barrier to lift. “You know your cars?”
“I like it.”
“What the—” Dean made a grab for the stick as they lurched towards the wall.
“Oh God!” A breathy moan. “Give it to me bab—”
He took a left turn, sighing when he saw the queues stretching out ahead.
“Oh.” He gestured to his pocket. “I brought a sub from home. I actually not that hungry, I don’t need–”
Nodding weakly, Castiel could do nothing except agree.
The room fell silent, the bleep of the monitor the only sound beyond the gentle huff of Sam’s breathing. Castiel moved closer to the bed.
“You think I’m gonna pass up a chance to help Sam?” Dean scrubbed his brow. “Man, I feel pretty guilty I wasn’t there when it happened. Guess I’m glad
“He’s in a coma?” His chest tightened. He knew people didn’t always wake up from comas.
“Oh my goodness,” said the nurse, as the paramedic disappeared. “Now come along. Mr Winchester is in the best hands, so let me see to your knee.”
“This is the one Bobby suggested. It’s got an automatic gearbox, and uh, “ he flushed again and pulled out a set of keys. “It’s got isofix, so that’s good.”
Jessica stood with her fingers on the woman’s pulse, as Jo fumbled in the bag for the pills.
being nominated for employee of the month. Castiel is always very supportive of his colleagues’ work-life balance and willing to work holidays…” Hannah paused, her cheeks a little flushed, and then hurried on. “Even if he did work last Christmas, and the last few holidays,
“So which is yours on?”
“Hey Benny, what have we here?”
!” Castiel rolled his eyes, though his chest warmed.
He’d once seen the man’s business card, when he’d opened his wallet to find his change. Castiel’s till had a habit of breaking down, and more often than not he had to put up the little sign apologising for the lack of card and contactless payments. Handsome Lawyer Guy had obviously been a boy scout, because he always came prepared with change.
“What’s the problem?” whispered Castiel, to the newcomer, as they stood, a little to the side.
romantic. If romantic is spelt with a capital R and has heart shaped dots over the ‘i’ and comes stamped on a pink balloon.” She sat back in her seat, with a smile of relief. “Don’t worry, Castiel, I can see exactly how it happened.”
amendment, all right?”
Cringing, Dean made straight for the lift, still pulling on his jacket. He glanced at his watch. It was still early. If he went to Bobby’s now, he’d have to submit to Ellen and Jo’s interrogation on his—non-existent—love-life, and if Bobby was home they’d probably end up having yet another discussion about expanding the rescue and retrieval side of the business into suburbs like Evanston or Clarendon Hills. Bobby wanted him to have something that he, alone, was responsible for, as preparation for taking over when Bobby himself retired; but the last thing Dean wanted was to deal with yet more junk… that didn’t fit into his plans at all.
Everyone seemed to feel Dean’s absence, but when he’d asked Charlie about it, she’d just winked and told him to wait and see. But if family was that important, surely he would have made it home on time for Christmas, especially with his brother in hospital.
Something must have shown on his face, for a warm arm wrapped around him, and his nose filled with the scent of Chanel No 5, the scent his mother used to wear. He pressed his eyes closed as Ellen gathered him into an embrace.
Bobby snorted.
“You certainly can. Less fun, but certainly cheaper, and
Going by the sudden silence, he probably hadn’t helped his case.
They were soon surrounded by medics, and Castiel trailed behind them, through the doors into what he recognised, from TV shows, to be Resus. That meant the man’s condition was serious, he knew.
“What do you mean, we have no choice?” Castiel stared. “Of course we have a choice!”
Yes, sorry, I keep adding chapters. Probably 1 or 2 more to go.
about him. Maybe he’d given the wrong impression. Oh God. If he turned her down, would he lose his job? It would be a nightmare finding a new job just before Christmas, and he’d lose his insurance too.
Wordlessly, Castiel let the box be transferred into his arms. What on
After a while, he resumed his one-sided chat with Sam.
“Leather-coated? Oh…” Oh God. Castiel’s heart sank. No wonder Dean had been so suspicious. “You spoke to Dean, yesterday?”
“That’s very common in a traumatic incident,” the EMT said, reassuringly. “Now, come along, we need to get that poor young man over to the General and I’d like to get you checked out too.”
he gets every desire, that he’s so confident in who he is—is you. You’ve provided him with the safety and security you didn’t get yourself. And you can see the difference—”
Wondering, he followed, Ellen squeezing his arm, as they gathered, out of ear shot of the group by the fire.
Perhaps Sam had had some salmon sandwiches on the day of the attack, and that was what she was finding so interesting. He’d better throw them away before they stank out Sam’s clothes, and the apartment.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Which buttock?” Then he winked. “You’ll have to find out.”
“Have you taken up baking, Cas?”
“Right,” says Dean, watching Cas for far too long. “Just you and me now Baby.” He scrapes the windscreen free of the snow which has settled even in the last twenty minutes they’ve been standing and talking, and kissing. He grins suddenly, his lips doing it before he’s even aware.
Bobby still hadn’t said anything, he just kept eyeing him across the table, his brow furrowed.
He knew he should probably go get some physical therapy, but he’d had a look at some prices and it was going to cost him well over a hundred bucks ago. He figured he could hang on, see if it got better on its own.
“Sam doesn’t have a tattoo! He thinks they’re crass.” Jo looked offended on Sam’s behalf, which was almost amusing because Castiel was sure she probably had a few tattoos under her ripped jeans and band t-shirt.
“In the old days, men asked permission before asking for someone’s hand.”
“What? Find out what?”
“All right.”
“If that v-neck goes any lower, you’ll get frostbite on your nipples,” was Castiel’s snarky greeting, as he climbed the stairs, his injured knee still protesting.
He shivered.
car in his garage.”
“I’m of legal age. I’m not a kid anymore, Dean.”
liked long hair he could run his fingers through, as he’d once told Dean when in one of his over-sharing moods. Dean grunted. Probably why he’d grown his own mane so ridiculously long. Gave him somethin’ to fiddle with when he hadn’t got a girlfriend.
“Yeah. Or a drug dealer. Like, blingy, you know? Gold paint, low ride. That’s just what people call ‘em. It’s been here for ever. Bobby only let me cut my teeth on it for a joke.”
“Oh Dean, I’m so sorry.”
“Your mom’s scary.” Dean waits for him to lean in. “Cas—what about the…”
“Ahhhhhh!” A high-pitched gasp burst from Balthazar’s pocket.
“You’ve got insurance through work, Cassie.”
“Here, you, uh, take the phone.”
“Missouri?” Castiel whispered, as Dean leaned over his shoulder to take his plate and add it to the pile on his arm, waiter style.
The satnav chose that moment to announce his near arrival, and he slowed down, keeping an eye out for a decent-sized space for Baby. It wasn’t that he couldn’t park in anything smaller, he just didn’t want to risk the bumps and scrapes from other, less careful, drivers.
Castiel shrugged. What wasn’t there to like?
“I think I can see why Sam likes you.”
After a minute or two, Dean returned to the conversation.
Ellen frowned. “I think so, I mean, we certainly told her, but it really depends on whether she’s having a good day or bad as to whether she actually remembers.”
“You go ahead,” Castiel told him, figuring it would be easier to find bowls and utensils without Dean wondering why he had to open every damn cupboard in the sleekly designed and no doubt stupidly expensive kitchen.
“And you couldn’t have mentioned that
“Here we go, Missouri, just up these last two steps, and you’ll be warm and toasty again.”
Some things, anyway.
“Look everyone, Castiel’s come with Charlie!” Jo seemed to have had a change of heart.
“And that makes me his dad. His own weren’t no good.”
Ruby was using, and one night Sam admitted she was getting the stuff from Crowley. He said they were
. But to do it, you had to give up your own dreams.” He paused. It wasn’t his place, he wasn’t really a member of this family, however much he wanted to be. It had to be said though. He softened his voice. “It’s your turn now, Dean. Your turn to be open about who you are. And now it’s your turn to follow your dream.”
“It’s always the good-looking ones.” Gabriel heaved an exaggerated sigh, and kicked the candy cane outside the booth.
“Told you I was.”
Dean Winchester knew
Her eyes widened. “No! Goodness, no, I don’t think he’s that kind of guy. I’ve actually seen him trying to hide his injury, probably because he knows your family would try to help him, and from what I’ve seen, he’s pretty proud.”
Castiel sat back in his chair and scrubbed his hand through his hair.
“No big deal.” Dean held her gaze. “Look, everyone’s freakin’ out about it, and Cas there’s feeling pretty bad already. It wasn’t his fault, was mine, if anything.” He cast a reassuring glance Castiel’s way, and Castiel smiled hazily back.
Castiel nodded, admiring the bench seat at the back. “There aren’t any back there though.”
“Something—” Dean jerks back as the sting hits the gash on his thigh. “It had wings. I dunno. Some kinda insect, I guess.”
“Yes. A bad time. The man I love is in a coma, Gypsum has been stealing Mrs Mancini’s lingerie again, and I—”
Gabriel had once told him he was objectively, if not classically, good looking, whatever that meant, and he’d certainly had a couple of rather dubious offers, late at night, from rich lawyers and bankers, looking for a little discreet fun on the way home. He’d always turned them down. And then there was the flirting, which he invariably failed to notice until it was too late to act on it, or Gabriel had to point it out to him, with much piss-take.
Her smile was sympathetic, but still wary.
Castiel blinked back a sudden dampness in his eyes.
Cas’s face crimsons. He couldn’t look more guilty if he tried.
“There is that,” Bobby conceded. “But nobody’s perfect.”
know Sam and Dean aren’t even related to Bobby,
He’d been going to visit Sam every night after work. It was easiest on the nights he only met Charlie, and he was hoping for the same tonight. She didn’t interrogate him, just sat and kept him company after her own shift ended. He was starting to quite like her zany sense of humour and they certainly had some interests in common, the nerdy kind of interests Gabriel would laugh at.
“Is your knee still playing up?” Jess asked, with a sympathetic smile. “I hope you didn’t come on the transit again, there are far too many stairs to contend with.”
“As a brother!”
“I’ve given you a full sachet today, you must be starving after last night.” He hadn’t expected to stay over at Bobby and Ellen’s, but luckily he’d given Gypsum a larger dinner than usual, to make up for his absence in the evening.
There was a flash of recognition, quickly stifled. He needed to give more than that.
Castiel froze. Someone was calling from right outside his apartment door.
Charlie peered at him, then tucked his hand beneath her arm. It would have been comforting if he hadn’t know she would try to sway him.
“It’s a… a cat?” Castiel hazarded, playing it safe. “I don’t really know what kind. It’s a bit stand-offish though,” he added, thinking to prepare the way, because the poor cat would probably hightail it out of there at the sight of two strangers. “It’s not very friendly.”
For Sam and Dean, Jo Harvelle had always been out of bounds.
Yeah, shit. That hurt. Great, probably some glass stuck in his thigh. It’s getting colder too, and the snow hasn’t stopped its dizzying tumble. He needs to get out of this, and fast.
“She’s quite something,” Castiel remarked, settling himself cross-legged on the bed, facing Dean, as Donna’s blonde head disappeared around the corner.
Thanksgiving.”
The man he had tripped over earlier was hurrying towards the elevator, a large cardboard box in his arms. Castiel obliged, holding the doors until he was safely inside.
“Dean was teaching Castiel to drive.”
“I take public transport, remember. I usually come in through the main entrance.”
The churn in his gut was rapidly turning into full on nausea. He looked up at Hannah, and she did, at least, have the grace to look embarrassed.
He leans over, pokes at the brownish blotches.
“Oh no you don’t!” He held her tight and cradled her against his shoulder, tucking the silky fabric which so fascinated her under the opposite armpit.
Ellen’s brow creased. “Bobby, I think I left something in the oven—” She gestured over her shoulder. “I’d better go and check.”
Castiel swore. “Oh God, what did you tell him?”
“No.” He laughed a little. “I saw a lot with my Dad, you know. No, I think I’m just hungry, I forgot to have dinner before coming out.”
God, he was adorable. For a moment Castiel was struck by an alternative reality, one in which he and
“I would never want to take Sam away from you, Dean,” he said, his eyes on the dashboard in front. “I hope you know that.”
He was going to kill Gabe.
“It’s lethal,” she whispered to Castiel in an aside, as eager hands took his coat and threadbare hat.
“Yeah, sorry.” He dropped his head. “Didn’t mean it to come out like that. I just don’t like seeing you in such a crappy situation. So, er, you comin’ to see this car?”
“Considerate, huh?” Dean’s frown deepened, and Castiel waited, anxiously, his breath caught high in his chest. “That explain why there’s none of your clothes in the closet, just some old girls’ jeans and tops? Why there’s a cupboard full of Feminax, which I know from Charlie is for
“No change then?” he asked. “He seems to have been in this coma for an awfully long time. Is that—is that a bad sign?”
Castiel shook his head, his own cheeks burning. “They’re my neighbour’s!”
They’d been through this before, their conversations having a tendency to run on repeat, stuck, as they were, in a booth together for twelve hours, every day.
“How is he?”
That smarmy lawyer.
Ellen and Bobby had always treated him and Sam as family. Especially once their dad took off for real, and they were no longer worried about stepping on John Winchester’s toes.
“His effects, like he’d died or something?”
He peered into the rear seats. “She’s got rear seatbelts too!”
Or Hot Lawyer Guy, as Gabriel had christened him weeks ago.
“Sounds like he’s abusing his position.” Dean shook his head. “Man, I cannot believe Sam’s happy for you to stay here when he’s got his fancy apartment and more money than he even needs.”
It’s gotta be Benny. He can send a truck out, have Baby out the ditch in no time.
“Pies, pecan and pumpkin.” Cas offers them for inspection but 75 pounds of Greyhound has other ideas, and he has to hold them aloft. “Pecan nuts are non canine-compatible, Caleb. You have quite enough gastrointestinal upset already.”
“He was at Stanford.
It was always a mistake, antagonising Jo. He’d been drunk that night, in the Roadhouse. He’d been trying to put her off, because she’d had a thing for him a while back there. Hero worship, Ellen had muttered, though God knows why.
“Guess so,” Dean grunted, sliding an arm along the back of Castiel’s seat, and turning to reverse out of the space.
“Jealous?”
dying.
Balthazar pouted. “I’m English, I think you’ll find that
Still blinking, Cas steps forward, slips a supportive arm under Dean’s shoulder. “That’s what you think,” he mutters, thankfully for Dean’s ears only, as Mrs Novak leads the way to the brightly lit kitchen.
Castiel gaped, Jess began apologising, as she dropped to her knees to gather up the spillage.
“He was playing hard to get, he didn’t tell me his name.”
“I like your car,” Castiel said, wondering what he’d said that was so wrong. He inspected the interior with genuine admiration, sighing as he fingered the soft leather of the bench seat. “Is it an Impala?”
“Well, how do I put this, Cas? Dean Winchester does not let
“This is very comfortable.”
“Just hold this swab on, whilst I check the results.” Donna handed him a piece of cotton, and then held up the little device as a number appeared in green light. “Yikes.”
Wedging the door open against the wind, he leans in, takes the 3 pie dishes, as Cas slides across the leather bench and springs to his feet.
“I—can’t afford an ambulance,” Castiel protested, a whole new horror rising up before him. “I can walk.”
“Here,” he says, handing Dean his own, unlocked phone, and getting to his feet. “Show my dad those restoration pictures, whilst I go and prove to my mother that not all gay men have aesthetic sensibilities.”
Flushing, he dropped the change into the tray and slid the ticket over. “I’m sorry to inconvenience you, Sir. Here you go.”
“Oh.” Dean got to his feet, his face flushing. “Jeez. I probably don’t wanna see that.”
“Stick her in reverse, back her out.”
“Swearing, sweetheart? That’s not like you.” Balthazar batted his eyelashes. “Right, well, I’d better go and check out—”
“You!” Dean said, his green eyes puzzled. “That was the hospital. They want you to give blood if you can. It’s standard practice for all relatives, apparently. We can, um, head there now, if you’ve finished here?”
Suddenly alert, Castiel set his cup carefully on the table. “Try me.”
develop an appetite for anything but caffeine?”
Happily, the surgeon who arrived shortly afterwards was optimistic, telling him that Sam showed some brain function, and was responding to painful stimuli. And didn’t that sound fun… Apparently they were going to reduce the sedation once the swelling had gone down, and all being well, Sam would wake up with a banging headache but otherwise intact.
“I know it looks callous, when Sam’s lying there like that, but he’d be the first person to insist we celebrate. Family is very important to him, to
Castiel absorbed this information in silence. It sounded like a long term relationship if he’d met her kid, people didn’t usually do that until things were getting serious. According to Gabriel anyway. He’d had this girlfriend, Kali, who had a kid, but she didn’t Gabriel to meet them. Probably sensible, knowing Gabriel.
Hopefully, if Dean was doing the repairs himself, the bill wouldn’t be as high as if it went to a normal garage. But he couldn’t afford it, would have to cut back to the bone on absolutely everything, and no way could he start the physical therapy sessions he so badly needed.
When Missouri had first been diagnosed they’d been told to accept when Missouri misremembered, recalling her to the reality of the situation only caused pointless distress, but this was… certainly awkward.
pushed Sam on the tracks, just to have an opportunity to save him and weasel his way in.
“You… you, er can drive, can’t you?” Dean asked, when Castiel didn’t reply. “We didn’t even think about that.”
“Two ees?” It was all he could think to say.
“Let me through!”
“I love your family.” Castiel swallowed. “I’ve never been part of a family before.”
Dean swallowed. “Maybe it’s a weird, but it works for us.”
Castiel glanced over. Dean was staring straight ahead, his lip caught between his teeth as he wiped greasy hands on his shirt. There was clearly history here. He wanted to know more, even though he shouldn’t. The most he asked, the greater the ultimate betrayal. And yet… Dean fascinated him. He could admit that. A man who seemed to care for everyone around him, who was clearly loved by his hodgepodge family. A man who read Vonnegut, but seemed happiest talking about cars. He wanted to know more.
He didn't look like this earlier. He would have noticed the fact he was suddenly glowing, light cracking out of him like he was -
"So you're just going to brute force your way through this too? Great plan, Dean." Sam hadn't agreed with his brute force strategy earlier, was still sore about it even though Dean was now actually sore. It'd worked. He'd ganked the demons even if it meant letting them tie him up and let them think he was on the ropes. It gave Sam the chance to take them out, but Sam still looked pissy about it.
"Yeah, you keep saying that Cas, it's been all about what you need. But what do you want?" Cas tried to parse the question. The ache in his body from not having what he needed, not being filled with cock right now was scrambling his brain. What was the difference? He needed Dean and he wanted Dean. Need and want were the same thing in this moment. Dean didn't move back to the bed as he stared at him, as Cas wetted his lips. He didn't get it but didn't want to argue the difference. So he said it, voice needing and low and yes, wanting too.
Well...a Nephilim. It would be very powerful. It would be capable of defeating Raphael without Crowley's help. It would be beyond the pale, but it would be necessary to end this war, to save Heaven. A weapon to save Heaven with.
It looked cool. The door didn't need that much force to open it, in fact a small breeze might have done it, but it made an awesome entrance into the room. The Winchester brothers, challenging heaven once again as they stormed into the room and found the guinea pig.
"Look at me." Cas looked, meeting Dean's eyes like he had thousands of times before. Just not like this. Not with the tip of Dean's cock brushing on the edge of his rim, some of his come leaking out of his hole and making his dick slide against it. Not with the promise of more, of what he needed - wanted - so close. The silence dragged. Cas wanted to claw at his own skin, at Dean's skin to get him to do it, to push inside him. The look in Dean's eyes, searching for something, stopped him. Dean needed to look at him, and Cas let him, even if he wanted so much more. He opened himself to Dean's gaze just like he'd opened his legs for him.
"Holy shit." Quiet, awed. Maybe there was fear there too, if Cas let himself hear it. He didn't. Dean swallowed and dropped his hand. "I can't just go again, man, I'm not a teenager." Oh. That was the problem? Cas reached up, two fingers up against Dean's forehead and pushed. Dean started but Cas felt it slip in, felt his grace restoring Dean's energy. He could keep him going all night with it. Would need to keep him going until he bred him. "The hell are you doing?"
He was still tired as hell though. He could feel himself starting to fall asleep as he pulled back from Cas' lips, looking at him through half-lidded eyes. The fondness on Cas' face as he reached up, traced his thumb along a crack on his cheek. Dean yawned, eyes shutting even as he tried to keep them open. He wanted to take in the expression on Cas' face for just a few minutes longer.
It was the usual tingling sensation as Cas' grace pushed into him, checked for any nasty surprises. When Cas lifted his fingers he felt it. Something broke off inside him, a small remnant of someone else lingering. He recognized it as Cas, some fundamental part of him he couldn't usually feel but knew. His palm, cupped against Cas' chin, fingers lying against his cheek, glowed brighter. He swallowed hard and tried to find his voice.
He nearly flinched off Dean's cock as his fingers wrapped around him. His warm, large hand enveloped him, his other hand pulling him back down onto his dick. Too much, too much with Dean inside him and hand on him, jerking him off. One, two, three strokes and Cas exploded.
"I want to kiss every part of you." Cas' voice was low and rough, with a force to it that said Cas might have been thinking about it while Dean was sleeping. Lying there, holding him in his arms and thinking about kissing him everywhere. "Can I?" It felt a little overwhelming, though not like the 'pumped him so full of his grace that it was shining out of him' thing was, and it made Dean swallow.
"No shit. What tipped you off?" Cas quirked his mouth in response, letting his thumb rub along just under his eye. It made him ask what he always wanted to ask Cas. "You staying?"
"You did this!"
He reached over and picked the guinea pig up, gently enough to stop it from squeaking in protest. Putting it down on his lap, it settled down, nose wiggling, whiskers quivering as Dean stroked it. Despite how sick he was of looking after them, despite the lead weight in his stomach from screwing up with Cas, again, it felt kinda nice to have the guinea pig on his lap, enjoying his company. It made him feel like he wasn't a complete failure, could at least make a guinea pig happy even if he couldn't do it for anyone else.
The research, the lore and the undercover work (aka asking the neighbors) all led to one conclusion: the source of the guinea pig breach was at Dean's house.
"Ready?" Dean took one last look over their provisions, set up and ready on the table that they'd dragged out to the center of the yard. It wasn't clear how magic worked in heaven or if it'd even work at all. It hadn't been something they'd attempted before, though it'd been unexpectedly easy to find the materials for this spell. Heaven really seemed to have everything now.
"My house is filled with guinea pigs because of you." Cas tilted his head, with the little furrow in his brow that Dean had suspected he'd never see again as he considered it, before it smoothed out.
He was in love with Dean Winchester and that was why he came here. Not out of practicality, from not having any other choice, from wanting a more powerful weapon. He just wanted Dean, wanted all of him. He wanted this without any care for the consequences.
Cas didn't say much after arriving. Dean didn't even get a 'hey, you've done a great job with the place' out of him, which he had. There hadn't been much to do, admittedly, the house had been nearly finished when he'd arrived. Just a few things, fixings to be attached, a final pair of curtains needing to be hung. Still, it would have been a normal thing to say, which was why Cas looked around, ignored his excellent work and said "there's more guinea pigs here than I expected" in a dead serious voice like it was a matter of life or death instead.
"Raphael sent me into heat and I need someone to mate with me right now. I have about five minutes before I lose all control and try to have sex with the nearest being." Dean blinked, surprised for a moment before it was replaced by disbelief as he shook his head.
"Dean." It was a request for him to open his eyes, to look at Cas again. He did it slowly, met Cas staring back up at him. Cas didn't look bothered or annoyed. Maybe a little wistful but it was tempered by the sheer affection in his eyes. "I have many regrets, but I don't regret healing you or that they can see it. They don't understand but they wouldn't. I only regret that they used it to hurt you."
"Just do it." Dean pushed his thighs apart, Cas letting them fall around him, welcoming him in with just a hint of irritation in his need, before Dean slided himself in. His dick dragged in slow inside Cas. It wasn't like when he'd been in control, it was achingly slow and teasing instead. Cas wriggled, tried to push back onto his cock faster as he wrapped his thighs around Dean's waist.
"Easier to knock you up like this. You want that, right?" Cas curved up against Dean, back arching off the bed, desperation pouring off him with his breathless 'yes'. "Didn't think you were the type to talk like that. Guess you just want my dick that bad, huh?" Cas pushed up again, his ass sliding against Dean's dick, couldn't get it to press in like he wanted. The frustrated noise leaked out of him, drew a huff of laughter from Dean that made him scowl. "So badly you can't hold it back. Never had you down as wanting to be bred."
"I believe it's called a guinea pig."
Definitely needed to ask Cas. He had to know the answer, this was absolutely weird angel shit, way too weird to let Sam close to even if he would be fucking fascinated by it. If he blew, Cas could probably survive it. Sam wouldn't. Dean made his choice, storming out of the shower room and straight for his room, pulling on clothes while swearing under his breath. Shit. He really didn't want to be a bomb again. He took a deep breath before praying.
"No idea. I told them they had the wrong guy, but they seemed sure it was me they wanted. Anyway, we ganked them, problem solved, let's shut the hell up." Dean was surprised to not get more questions, but when he glanced at Sam he was mulling it over. Over the next couple of hours, there would inevitably be more.
The warmth around him woke him up, slowly shaking Dean out of his sleep. Whoever it was pressed up against him, arms circled around his waist and fingers interlaced with his own, and hips pressed flush against his ass, was totally overdressed for the situation.
"God, you feel so good. Gonna get you pregnant like this." He felt Dean coming inside him. He dug his grace into Dean's back too as he felt himself coming undone, unraveling under Dean as his seed filled him, kept Dean hard and inside him, pounding even as he came, working so hard to knock him up, breeding him like he needed it.
But not as ominous as the flash of light that blew them both onto their backs.
He got it. He finally grasped why so many human failings seemed to involve sex, how it could destroy men who couldn't be taken by any army. It made a terrible, clear sense as he pulled back, sliding Dean all the way out of his ass, just the tip nudging against his hole before slamming his hips back down in one swoop. It made Dean stutter, frustrated and wanting, made Dean reach out to guide his hips before Cas slapped his hands away. No. He was going to make Dean come and he didn't need Dean's guidance to do it. He'd do it his way, take care of everything, of all of his needs. All Dean needed to do was fill him up with his come.
"Let's go."
It would have been so easy to deflect. He could have said something flippant about being called beautiful, not something to call a dude, but he couldn't. Not with Cas looking at him like this, like he'd been worth it. The grace, falling, everything. It was easier to lean down, to kiss him again instead.
"Fine, but I'm driving." It was a compromise. Dean would put up with Sam driving, and Sam would quit nagging him about his injuries. It would make Dean sigh, if the pain from his ribs didn't suggest that would be a very poor course of action. Instead he pushed himself back off from the door, looked at the driver's seat with barely concealed longing before switching sides.
"I just – I just wanna go home, man." Sam sighed and snatched the keys out of his hand.
Dean wouldn't approve. It was another betrayal. Dean would want it to have a chance, to let it live as a human, to be more than this, than a weapon for its father. A weapon for Castiel just like Castiel was a weapon for God, just like Dean was a weapon for John Winchester. The Dean in Castiel's head asked him what the fuck he thought was doing. Something important, he told him. This war must be won, and everything must be used to win it. He felt it stir in his grace, curious already about its parents, about the angel already making plans for its future.
"You didn't need to fix me like this. I'm just a guy, Cas." Cas kissed his palm, tickling the skin. Dean felt the 'no' against his skin before Cas lifted his hand and rested it against his cheek.
He wasn't going to tell him.
"What the hell happened to me?" Cas frowned, stepped into the room and shut the door behind him. The tilt of Cas' head said he didn't get it, even though he surely couldn't miss what was wrong with him. He was glowing!
Nobody came for the guinea pig. Despite waiting for the inevitable knock on the door from some kid, or maybe from some angel that wasn't as much of a prick as the rest of them were and willing to help a kid praying for help out (okay, he was thinking of Cas), nobody appeared.
"I love your big cock inside me, you feel so good, I need you to come in me, I need to feel it, you're so fucking good." The words made Dean flush even redder but Cas felt his cock twitch in his ass and kept going. "I need your come, I need you to screw me until you knock me up, I need you to breed me, I need your baby, I'm yours." Dean parted his lips, red, plush, his mouth a dark mystery that Cas ached for, ached for the words to come out, but only a puff of breath did. Only that before Dean reached out and touched his dick.
"I don't know."
"The fuck..." He blinked, looked again but yup, there was still a golden glow around him. He lifted his arm, saw the glowing golden cracks running down his arm, opened his palm to see glowing lines there under the soap too. Cracks running up his palm, up and along each finger. The glow wasn't surrounding him, it was coming from inside him. "What the hell is this?"
"I think they need to be free to eat." Dean tried that theory out, placing the guinea pig down on the table and letting it go. It went straight for the lettuce.
"Can you?" Cas looked at Sam in shock, like he hadn't noticed him walk into the room, before wetting his lips. Dean refused to be distracted by it, or by the way Cas was no longer meeting his eyes.
"Is your office over Dean's house?" Dean watched Cas intensely. Cas resolutely and absolutely, did not meet his eyes. Bingo. Sam was right.
"Jeez, thanks. Glad to hear I rank higher than a guinea pig." He knew it was special for Cas to bring him here. He wouldn't have offered to anyone else, allowed them to see his favorite escape from heavenly crap. It made him feel fond, made him ridiculously, stupidly mushy in a way that he would have taunted if someone else dared to act it out in front of him (okay, if Sam did). He propped himself up on his left elbow, leaned over to kiss Cas and finally got him to open his eyes again too. Even here, with the different colors of this dimension, they were the same electric blue he'd know anywhere. From the day he first saw Cas in his vessel, maybe even before that. He felt like he'd seen the same blue when Cas had pulled him out of hell without one.
He didn't actually need to breathe now, but it was reflexive. The way his breath stuck in his chest didn't hurt, not really, but he could still feel it, still felt like it would have hurt once as their eyes met. Cas looked surprised. Dean wasn't sure what he looked like. He hoped he didn't look like how he felt about Cas ditching him.
"I didn't mean to-"
talking about it again, capiche?" The tremor of relief at Dean's agreement shook his body, washed over him like a wave.
"Something like that, yes. Jack is much better than Chuck at being God, but I prefer doing anything other than dealing with them. I tend to leave that to him." A pause. "I don't think he likes doing that either." Cas sounded fond, a little indulgent, like he was still teaching Jack about the world. Maybe he was.
"I don't think so."
Despite having driver's privileges, Sam didn't pick the music. He let Dean pick, let him search through the few tapes he could reach without agony. It was a sign that he was about to get a barrage of questions. Great. Sam waited until they were on the interstate, Zeppelin blasting as Dean let his head rest against the window.
"It's already leaking out of you. You sure you can handle more?" Cas let out a frustrated noise between his teeth, tried to push himself onto Dean's dick but slid past it, slipping on the come trying to escape. The ache was hurting him and burning a hole in his chest. It hurt like he was on fire and Dean was still waiting like it was nothing.
"But the guinea pigs-" The woman stopped and glanced around her at the mass of guinea pigs around her, still placidly eating Dean's back yard up. She let out a breath of relief.
"If we can find the source, then we can stop it." A hunt. A hunt, somehow, right in heaven, for the source of an invasion of guinea pigs. Well, why not? It'd been too long. Peace was nice but it got old. It was time for action. Dean drained the last of the beer from the bottle and slammed it down on the table.
At least they hadn't had to kill one of the guinea pigs for it. Knowing their luck, it probably would have turned out that the one they picked really was someone's pet.
It wasn't like his house in any way. It felt different, like seeing through the eyes of a guinea pig, seeing how they saw the world. Different focus, different emphasis, all on the here and now, not the staid eternity of heaven or the constant passing of time on earth. It was an endless green field where the sun was always shining. There were as many different plants as a guinea pig could ever wish to eat, and no predators to eat them either. It felt like a home designed by someone who didn't realize there could even be a future.
"Every damn angel knew about," he gestured at the cracks, couldn't say exactly what they meant. "Doesn't that annoy you at all?"
"I need you to breed me." His voice was rough, needy. Dean groaned, head thumping back onto the pillow again.
"What's his name?" Dean couldn't keep the amusement out of his voice, had a feeling he might be able to guess what it was. Cas looked a little uncomfortable but answered it anyway.
Found Cas too, holding the guinea pig close to his chest, protecting it from the approaching threat. Cas, Mr. Mystery, king of freaking disappearing without a single word, who he hadn't seen since the Empty stole him away, was staring at him like a deer caught in headlights and clutching a guinea pig to his chest.
"Where are they even coming from?"
"One of the demons got him in the ribs." Cas glanced over to Sam, who dusted off his hands as he stopped next to them, before fixing his stare back onto Dean. He reached out. He knew it was nothing, just Cas getting in his personal space to heal him. It didn't mean anything else to Cas. It was nothing and yet Dean still swallowed.
"Cas." His voice cracked. He couldn't think of how to say any of the things he wanted to say. Cas waited, infinite patience in his eyes, patience deeper and older than Dean could ever hope to understand. Words were treacherous. Dean never knew how to say the right thing, never knew the right words that would stop Cas from leaving this time.
"I'm fine. It's just the heat, don't stop." His hands tightened on Dean's back again, focused on Dean above him, on Dean's cock inside him. Had it already happened? He shouldn't be able to think that clearly in heat, not like that. Did he already conceive?
"Maybe." Cas conceded. "I didn't want to make you uncomfortable."
Dean opened his eyes again, tilting his head to look at the passing scenery. Nothing but corn. His ribs ached. The pain was a distraction from thinking about Cas, but thinking about Cas was a distraction from the pain. This time he allowed himself it. What else was he going to do, stare at the absolutely goddamn fascinating corn fields? Back-seat drive? Sam would probably end up pushing him out the car if he did that, bruised ribs be damned.
"Dean."
"I need more, keep going, I need more, you need to fill me, breed me, I need your baby, Dean-" It rushed out of him, breathless need into a jumble of words that Dean cut off with a hand over his mouth, brushing against his lips. Dean's face was burning as he slid out of his ass.
"No."
"The hell is that?"
"Dean!" Cas reached out and put his hand on Dean's arm. He didn't even manage to start to turn Dean around to face him before he felt his heat explode inside him. It burned its way and flared up inside him. The need, the want, the desperation surged through him and his knees faltered. Oh, this was much, much faster than he'd expected. Cas inhaled sharply, tried to keep his balance and focus as Dean turned around sharply to look at him. He saw the shift from anger to anger and concern again. Dean didn't understand. He had to get him to understand.
But in reality, of course, yes. War was war, and fairness never came into it.
Dean lay on the grass, Cas lying next to him, body slightly pressed up against his as they watched the blue sky above. His right arm, his fingers interlaced with the fingers of Cas' left hand, lying between them. If he focused, the blue changed to a different shade to what he was used to. Perhaps it was how the guinea pigs saw it. Were they color-blind? Dogs sure were. He felt a guinea pig sniff at his arm before moving on, looking for something to eat instead. He tilted his head to look over at Cas. He was lying there, letting the sun soak into him while several guinea pigs climbed over him, exploring. One had fallen asleep on his chest. Cas looked happy. Cas looked really, really happy. Apparently the trick to make Cas truly happy had been guinea pigs all along, even if the Empty had thought it was him.
"Dean-" Whatever stupid excuse Cas was about to give him, he didn't want to hear it. Not even with that pleading tone in his voice, like he needed Dean's forgiveness.
"Aw Cas, c'mon, it's not a burden." The words he wanted to say next stuck in his throat. Even now, with Cas this close, resting on top of him and looking at Dean like the sun shone out of his ass (ironic that was one of the few parts of him that wasn't shining), he couldn't get it out. Fuck. Years of squashing it down, repressing it from fear he'd denied for so long, and now he still couldn't get it out.
"Ready as I'll ever be." Dean swallowed, joined Sam at the table and took the mortar to start crushing the ingredients in the pestle. There was always this moment, the calm before the storm, before whatever monster was causing havoc arrived. The clouds – when did those clouds show up, anyway? – overhead grew darker as Sam started the chant. It felt ominous.
"No, no, no, stop! Stop!" They jumped up, only to find a harried looking woman standing by them.
Cas wasn't an expert, but his enthusiasm was more than enough as he let Dean push deeper into his mouth. His hands buried themselves in Cas' hair again and the hum of appreciation in response made him shudder. He couldn't let himself look at it, at his cock between Cas' lips because it'd push him over and he wanted this to last, even as Cas sucked his cock like he was trying to draw his life out of him through it. Instead he dug his fingers hard into Cas' scalp, bit back his moans with years of experience of needing to be quiet as Cas grabbed the trembling thighs around his head. When he came it was deep in his mouth, fast and furious spurts down his throat as he arched back on the mattress. Cas swallowed down around him, swallowed all his come like it was nothing, and holy shit, it felt like every single bone in his body had gone limp.
"Well, they're probably looking for it. Might as well keep it until they come for it." Dean scoffed.
"It's not a bomb. You can just see the traces my grace leaves behind when I heal you. I need to check if there's anything else." Cas didn't shift away from his hand. The stubble on his jaw brushed against Dean's palm, against the glowing cracks of cuts for sigils and other fuck ups. Instead he reached up, fingers even more gentle against his forehead than earlier as he pressed in.
A glance to his left shoulder confirmed it. A hand print was there, glowing with the same bright intensity as the cracks along his ribs. It matched perfectly, as much as he could look at it directly. Whatever this was inside him was leaking out of his old injuries, old cracks in him that Cas fixed. Why?
"You're tired. You should sleep."
"Uh. Driving around."
"Sure. Go wild." He turned onto his back at the small sound of relief his answer caused. He watched the shift of Cas' shoulders, capable of holding so much weight, as he moved on top of him and leaned in, lips pressed against his forehead. It took a few more kisses to realize where this was going. Gentle, reverent kisses along his brow, down to his cheek bones, pausing to linger along his jaw. Every single one along one of the cracks Cas had fixed. Like they really did make him worthwhile as he said last night.
"Yeah I know that, genius. I mean what's it doing in my house?" Sam pushed himself back into his chair, shrugged as he picked up his fork again.
"Tell me." Cas' patience snapped, both from the desperate need to be fucked, to be bred and from Dean testing him like this, right now. All he wanted was Dean to come in him again and again. Was it really so much to ask for?
"I need a break."
Dean swallowed hard, and opened his eyes again.
"Dean."
"You're hurt." His voice was soft, sympathetic beyond measure, and it made his ribs ache even worse. Cas pushed himself out of his chair, made his way up the stairs to him with the determination in his stride that said he wasn't to be put off. Cas reached him, much closer than he needed to check if he was hurt, close enough that if Dean moved their chests would bump.
Coffee first would have been smarter, because he was damn close to falling asleep in the shower. His eyes kept trying to shut as he stripped off, even after he stepped under the water, but he couldn't wait any longer to wash all the demon crap off him. He fumbled with the dial until the heat was just right with closed eyes. His forehead brushed against the tiles as he leaned forward, let himself rest while the water beat down on his tired body. Oh, man, he needed this. Even with the angel mojo, he felt exhausted, and the effort to move his hands again to shampoo was incredible. He didn't open his eyes again until it was all rinsed out, because the soap was trying to slip away and preventing him from doing this without looking.
"You want it?"
"A pocket dimension that leads to Dean's house." Cas didn't reply, lifted the guinea pig up from off his chest, held it up in front of his face to look at it before putting it on his shoulder. The guinea pig was calm, relaxed as it nuzzled up against his neck. It was the kind of attention Cas used to give to him, before he came up here and Cas had once again vanished.
Those blue eyes with as much love in them as his own. Maybe even more. Someone so ancient, so massive, even in a human body, and in love with him. It could have been frightening, but it wasn't. It was different, they were still different species even with how human Cas was now, but Dean understood what it was from where he could see it. He loved Cas, and Cas loved him. And he wanted to be loved. That was it.
"Okay, look, stop. Shouldn't we just get the guinea pigs back to where they belong and then the two of you can have this stupid fight you've both been stewing over for however many years." Sam, acting as the goddamn voice of reason and making them both look like idiots. Dean sighed, gave Cas a look that said they'd be talking about this later, even if he knew they probably wouldn't, that Cas would ditch him again at the first chance he got.
"Why would they pick you if they wanted to know about grace?" It was a good question, since he sure as hell didn't know anything about it. If they wanted that, they would have been better off kidnapping an angel. As long as it wasn't Cas, Dean would welcome them picking the brains of any angel they wanted. They probably deserved it.
Shit.
Not entirely alone. He felt the roll inside him, felt it growing inside him. His final weapon to win this war. After doing something unforgivable, he could at least use the results of it. It was always thus. A warrior must fight with whatever weapons they had. Raphael, unintentionally, gave him this, and he would use it to destroy him.
The first guinea pig was thrilled with the company. Dean was significantly less so as his house became a guinea pig refuge. Even when he'd tried to throw them out, more of them kept appearing.
"Damn it, I need to know how to fix this. I know we can fix it but you gotta tell me what the hell is going on." The uncertainty in Cas' eyes made him go cold. This couldn't be so big so he couldn't fix it. He had to fix this. If he didn’t, that was on him and not on Cas. There had to be something. But Cas was looking at him like there was nothing, like it was beyond hope and damn it, he couldn’t give up. "Cas." His hand stayed on Cas' chin but he wasn't forcing Cas to look at him now. No, Dean cupped his face like he damn well wanted to but usually knew better than to do. It made Cas' eyes flicker, whatever fight going on behind them over and won, the uncertainty gone as he readied himself to speak.
"Still the same old bullshit, huh." Cas smiled, amused.
Dean's eyes shut and he let his head fall with a thump against the back of the couch. Fuck. There was squeaking from next to his head that made him open his eyes again. A guinea pig. It looked like the first one who'd arrived, accidentally fallen from its enrichment, friends, the angel who loved them, into his house. The irony hit him. It hadn't been enough for him to just make Cas fall, he'd made his guinea pigs fall too.
Castiel nods as fills Dean’s information on his medical reports “Sometimes Omegas try to go to the nearest Alpha on their first heat. You did right by tying him up, poor Omegas don’t think straight sometimes. He seems perfectly healthy, and especially pretty, if you wanted to find him someone richer and better positioned on the community or even another state, I assume you wouldn’t find it difficult.”
Castiel stops her caresses on his arm, looking at her, she shivers at being the source of his attention. He still remembers when he met her, the heiress of a decently big fortune living at an old castle in Europe. Her father was sick, he healed him, and she spent the whole time looking at him, desperate for his attention.
“He was my what?”
Mary and John like to host parties almost every weekend. Mary loves them because she can talk and gossip with the neighbors and John flirts and makes out with their daughters. Mary hasn't catches him yet. She doesn't even suspect.
If it's going to be like this every time, Dean doesn't want anyone else.
Omegas are highly valuable since there aren't a lot of them anymore. If you have one, you can either directly sell them, auction them, rent them, marry them off to a rich family, and have a better life, or breed them and maybe start your own breeding agency. That's how Castiel's family got rich a century ago, they bought as many omegas as possible and bred them to get even more and sell them; since it's a thirty percent chance of having an omega if you are one, instead of the one percent if you are either an alpha or a beta. Now the Novaks have the most powerful breeding and auctioning agency in the whole continent.
Before long, the seraph carefully takes both of Dean’s wrists with one of his strong and big hands, and holds them above his head, resting them on the mattress. He is cautious to not hurt Dean with his supernatural strength, yet firm enough to keep control of Dean’s position and movements; it’s annoying when he fucks way too hard his pets and pushes them with his thrusts all around the bed.
"Yes, Dean?"
Castiel has to recognize her efforts, his little girl will not take a no for an answer when she firmly believes she is right, and that is something to admire. Even if he needs them to go to the safe room right now. Just for precaution.
He cannot wait to have it.
Rebound from Ruby?
to belong. It’s always been his weakness.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “This is nothin’ most people don’t know. Truth is, as he might have told you, our family’s fucked up. Our mom died in a house fire, when Sam was a baby. You know that. And you know Bobby and Ellen took us in eventually.”
Balthazar grinned and got to his feet.
Ellen shook her head. “Not just as a brother. I’m sorry Dean, I hope this doesn’t make things awkward between you. But we had to say something. That’s why she’s being so difficult, we think. She’s spent so long pretending you’re hers, whether as a crush, or her pretend ‘kick ass’ boyfriend, that what you said today, and seeing you with other people, she had to come face to face with reality, and well, she didn’t react well.”
A striking looking blonde waved in his general direction as Bobby settled the doctor with a plate and drink.
older are we talking?”
“Sammy went to school.” Dean turned to face him, his eyes shining. “You know Sammy. Even in a filthy motel that kid was special. I knew he needed his chance. I was just a dumb kid, knew I’d never amount to much, but Sam… Sam was different.”
Balthazar shrugged. “Eyes the colour of Slytherin, a jaw that would make Harrison Ford weep, freckles like little orphan Annie? Some big American muscle car too.” He sniffed. “Not exactly my taste, I like something a little more subtle, a little more refined.”
He stepped back as Castiel crowded eagerly into his space, leaning over his arm to take a look.
He tightened his fingers around the gearstick, pressed his foot on the extra pedal like Dean had shown him, and thrust the stick up.
do it.”
It was the weekend before Christmas, and Castiel was working.
“Get off my car, Jo.”
“You don’t seem like that with me.”
“That’s good to hear. And are the rest of the family okay with the whole situation now, Castiel and Sam, I mean?”
Charlie was giggling behind her drink, and even Jo winked at him. He decided to leave the smile alone, as it was obviously contentious.
Gabriel mimicked. “What was that supposed to mean Cassie? I thought you fancied the HLG?”
it. He gulped, suddenly warm.
“Cas’s project.” His mom raises her eyebrows, clearly a little tipsy to even be referring to The Project, however obliquely, in front of guests. “You know the one.”
Cas steps forward, sees, for the first time, the blood splotches on Dean’s jeans. His eyes widen and his fists clench.
“Sorry.” He leaned against the bed, gazing down at Sam. “I didn’t realise Crowley was connected to Ruby. I thought you were friends, he said—I thought he was with you when you got your tattoo.”
“Okay,” said Gabriel, holding up one finger. “Firstly, I think you’ll find that Christmas is overrated.” He shuddered. “Seriously. Family like mine, grim. In fact I’m thinking of pretending to be getting married just so I can justify spending Christmas on my own next year. If it gets much worse, I’ll have to fake my own death too.”
“Oh.” Dean clicked. “Yeah, she’s not a blood relative you know, but she’s—”
Charlie bit back a gurgling laugh.
“Circumcision?” Hovering above the vicious spring, Dean paused.
“It was, but now my dream’s gotten bigger.”
“Leaving you to look after your sick dad.”
“I can’t believe they’re even open that late.”
“She doesn’t realise Christmas has been and gone,” Dean whispered to Ellen, as she got up to hug Missouri and help to her seat.
Apparently Balthazar had swapped Friends for Sherlock. Castiel wasn’t sure if that was good news, or bad. It probably depended on whether Balthazar took to shooting his initials in the wall.
“They’re going to hate me anyway,” he said, heavily. “Whether I tell them now, or tell them later.”
Ellen, right? Bobby took them in when both their parents had died, and they’ve been family ever since. All waifs and strays welcome!”
“Sam’s
“Oh my goodness, you have had a day. Dean’s gonna find this absolutely hysterical.” She laid a soothing hand on his wrist. “Did this nurse have blonde curly hair, by any chance? Don’t worry, she won’t get into trouble.”
Castiel waved him down.
“Guy’s got taste in jackets, if not girls.” Another thought came to him, and he narrowed his eyes. “How
And Dean… Dean looked horrified, his hand across his mouth, his eyes wide.
“You didn’t notice the gear stick?” Dean lead him over to the Impala. “No. None of these generation are.” He hesitated, the Impala’s keys in his hands. “I can still, we can still do those lessons, if you want. I know you’ve probably got better things to do….”
“You know… that makes a lotta sense.” Bobby rolled his eyes as Dean turned on him. “Oh come on, boy. That year Benny worked at the yard, you were down there every day, tryin’ to help out trippin’ over yourself whenever he asked you to hand him a wrench.”
“That. That noise?”
This is
“Our dad was one of those manly guys, you know? Shooting range. Beating people up in bars. I don’t know if he was like that before my mom died, but he sure as hell was after. All it took was a couple of drinks and his fists would be out.” Dean shivered a little and Castiel turned his hand over, to squeeze it. “He couldn’t stand anyone being ‘soft’. You know what Vonnegut said—if you want to hurt your parents, be gay or go into the arts. He made it damn well clear that he wanted no ’nancy boys’, didn’t even like having books an’ music around so the arts weren’t an option either. You see that kinda attitude growing up, you shut up—and become a mechanic.”
“There’s nothing wrong with redheads,” Charlie muttered.
“Cassie, Cassie Cassie Cassie.” Gabriel twirled on his stool, then leaned in, his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “You can’t keep up this deception! What are you going to do when this Dean character comes home? You said he
“Ellen, this is insane. I’m like, nearly seven years older than her.” He did
“Hey, Castiel! That you? Your cat’s been stealing my washing again.”
“No!” say Dean and Mrs Novak, in unison. They exchange a glance.
Castiel swallowed down the bile rising from his gut. He had really fucked up this time. He should have said no, refused to drive Baby.
“He’s stabilised,” Jess reassured them, taking up the clipboard which hung from the end of his bed. “His doctor will be along in a moment to talk to you.”
“He’s very handsome.” That was Ellen, to the lady called Pamela. “No, we didn’t know either. But that’s the world today isn’t it? No one’s straight anymore, they say.”
“Again?”
“I thought you specifically said
The "friend" was
Crowley winked. “Sometimes that’s a good thing. No, I’ve known Sam, and Dean, since Sam was a freshman. I was there when he graduated too, in fact I was there when he got that ridiculous tat.” He shook his head. “Bloody hell, he was sozzled that night. Dean too. Matching anti-possession tattoos on his arse-cheek, for God’s sake. I’m just glad I was sober enough to refuse to join in.”
Gypsum yowled and made a run for it.
Even the murky waters of the Chicago River were a relief after the concrete and steel of La Salle Street, and its environs, and though he knew walking would burn off energy he could ill afford to lose, he could never resist the pull of the only bit of nature he ever got to see.
Dean can only whimper at getting fucked hard, his body going limp in Cas's arms, as the angel now holds him to his chest. His legs shaking with the intense pleasure of being taken by the angel, if Castiel let go he would probably fall to the floor.
He looks at Eileen. "This is Eileen, our morning babysitter. The baby that she is holding is baby Christopher, my youngest. Alexander is the one playing with the cubes and his sleeping twin on that crib is Philippa. They are two." Castiel picks up a blonde boy from the playpen, who was hiding behind the dollhouse. "This grumpy nestling here is Aaron and he is three."
How did he get himself into this? He searches for his phone and finds it on the nightstand, fully charged, next to his newly cleaned leather jacket, the knife, and a full glass of water. His shoes are on the floor. At least Cas seems to care for his wellbeing and commodity, he is not a complete psycho. He hopes so.
Castiel shakes his hand and downloads the purchasing Omega contract that his lawyer wrote for him when he started working here. It takes a while for them to go over it. Both of them sign it and Castiel transfers him the money. He hands John a copy of the guest house key. They settle for a private wedding that he will pay for, celebrated this weekend before Mary starts to feel weak and sick. He will pay for the flight of Mary and Dean’s brother, Sam with his extra miles.
Castiel enters the room and Dean doesn't say anything until he sees his toys in Castiel's hand.
Alfie shivers as Castiel rolls his hips and fucks him deep and slow, impaled on Castiel’s thick cock. He likes to use him as a toy, holding him tight. Alfie is not allowed to move, he can only take what the angel gives him, the only downside is that makes him noisy so he has to be gagged to ensure that the pizza man does not make any noise. The young thing is so tight and small, he is one of Castiel’s favorite snacks between his feedings. Once a week, usually on Fridays he orders pizza for the younglings and enjoys the young man’s company and tight ass.
“Doc, how much time does it take to register him after you put it on the system? We want to hand him over as soon as possible.”
“I’m glad you’re back.” She insists.
Castiel gets distracted when Jack and Emma come to sit with them by the playpen and start playing with the toddler and babies. They always seem to get along better with the hatchlings and nestlings than with the other fledglings. It seemed odd at first, but now he is content with that as long as they keep being respectful to the rest of their siblings, and do not form groups with their biological brothers or sisters everything is alright. That is why he never mentions the bondmaids to them.
Dean moans and holds Castiel's hips, guiding him to give him more friction, enveloping the hunter on raw pleasure.
It almost makes him come. The warm, slick, and tight hole of Cas are freakishly good, hugging him like a vice. Way too good. Dean has tried anal with a girl or two before and it has never been like this. Castiel is... god. He is the best laid that he's ever had. How is he supposed to leave here with everything that he never knew he wanted, served on a silver platter?
The angel takes his time, devouring and opening up just a little the hunter’s ass, hearing him moan and whimper at the overwhelming feeling. He reaches for his back, to get more sweet smelling oil, and rests on the bed, admiring his new possession.
Her blue eyes still are deep in thought. “Your job is not as important as us, dad. Don’t forget that.”
"I'm getting the potion. I would rather make love to you knowing I can breed you. Unless you changed your mind?"
“Everyone in the house is asleep.” She murmurs, touching his arm. A deep wave of longing reaches the angel. “I need you.” The sweet thing gets in his space, practically begging to be fucked.
The charming, yet deadly human looks tense, ready to jump and attack, or defend himself. He also looks perplexed, and extremely handsome. Well, that is not new.
The room is quickly filling with skin on skin noises at the hard, and fast motions of the seraph that has Dean starting to whine lowly, helpless, he can just take his throbbing member on his plump ass.
She shyly nods, looking at Dean; the hunter replies to her by complimenting her purple hair bow. She laughs and lowly thanks, Dean.
“I don’t mind. Do him hard if that’s what you need. You said he can take it, and if that makes his less whiny for the rest of the trip, better for me.”
His mouth is slightly open, and he does not say anything.
He comes all over her face and partly uncovered breasts. She wants him. Castiel can feel her want, he does not have time. He is not even hungry, and he rather not fuck her right now, it would be too much work for her body, it is better she saves the energy for the baby that she has in her womb.
Like he said this fiery sensation below and around him is something that he is used to, but Dean, somehow he feels different. A good kind of different.
Castiel sighs, Dean is getting fidgety in the edge of his vision. "Honeybee we will talk about this tomorrow morning. Now please go back to the playroom, you know I will explain everything later." He wants to avoid a nervous and scared Dean if he wants to have a productive evening.
He got new pets but kept living with Amelia. She was kind and nice to talk to. The young woman was a fine company and she was able to feed him decently, but one day something occurred. She was with child.
Castiel checks that everything is correctly filled on the health chart and that the consent form for the full examination and knotting is signed.
“Excellent. It raises his price in the market. Now I will check his slick production, also I need to make sure that he doesn’t feel hurt at being filled.”
Please read the tags! This is dark and Castiel isn't nice at all.
First, he needs to start the basic routine, check the temperature, blood pressure, pulse, breathing, blood test, etc. He takes a sample of his spit, after checking his mouth and throat, to make sure that he doesn’t have any kind of illness, and stores it in its proper container.
He hears steps on the first floor, just outside the room,  probably Castiel. He ignores it, for now, if his daddy won't talk about it, Dean will pretend it didn't happen, the idea of hurting his mother is something he doesn't like.
Castiel takes his time removing his black suit jacket, his shirt, and indigo blue tie. He folds them neatly on the horrendous chair by the door. He undoes his belt and trousers. Carefully, Castiel makes sure that Dean’s head and neck won’t get hurt with their activities; it will only complicate the situation, and he does not desire to waste his grace in something so mundane, such as healing a hurt muscle.
Well happy Valentine's day, take care, and happy Destiel wedding or whatever.
By tomorrow morning Marina will be sent away with a wiped memory of Castiel and two hundred thousand dollars for her help. Back to her old life, and an easier future. He already has the documents that she will need to prove that all that money is legit, he does not want to get her in legal trouble. If she ever needs anything he will be glad to help, even if she has forgotten him by that time.
Dean hates those parties. They last most of the day en well into the night, and the house is packed full at all times. Sammy invites his friends and they hang out in their room, so he can't even hide in there. They're lousy and annoying and like to play nerd stuff.
Bella and Kelly turn and smile at him, Jack is still playing by his side. Castiel tenses, he does not mind Bella getting near Philippa and Alexander, the British woman will not try anything, but God, Kelly is the kind of woman who would never leave her child.
Once again, since Dean, he stopped feeling hungry. And yet there is a void in his chest, no longer satisfied even when he is well fed he still feels empty.
She and Matthew got married since she got pregnant on the night of her debutante ball, both of their parents pressured them into a marriage and they have never been happy with that relationship. They do not know how to be a couple, Castiel suspects they do not even like each other. Her supposed husband travels most of the time, he visits just enough to have nice pictures for “the social media”, and to give the generic gifts his secretary buys for his family, from all around the world. They travel together, Lisa was furious when she found out Rachel got pregnant and Matthew would not say who the father was, at least they fucked the entire night that time.
He closes his eyes. "Would I need to do anything?"
Castiel kisses him with his whole body. Holding him tight, and crushing him against the wall, touching him anywhere Castiel is able to reach, and Dean lets him. It’s messy and hot, and Castiel bites his lip, with a groan Dean opens up for him.
"Of course, I'll bring it to you as soon as it's finished". She smiles into her drink. "It will be double of what we accorded last time since you want it this soon and is out of season for half of the ingredients." Castiel sighs and writes her a check with his free hand.
“You… So good for me.” Castiel pants. “You like to play hard. You took that perky girl with blue eyes and dark hair. Don’t think I di… didn’t notice that she looked like me.” He bites Dean again. Dean groans with pleasure.
"You don't need that much space, man. You are just spoiling your kids with all this snobby stuff, why do you even need an elevator for?"
How intelligent, yet it is kind of rude for him to not remember Angelica’s name.
"You would be more comfortable there.”
“We heard Miss Rowena talking about you and someone special. You mentioned meeting someone, and Claire just wanted to help.”
"The pretty girl that you are holding is Marie. She is Four."
He was the leader of the largest garrison, obedient and capable. He was the first choice for both of the archangels on this mission. The mission was simple, all he had to do was make sure that Azazel, the prince of hell, gave his blood to Sam Winchester and then killed Mary Winchester. The righteous man could be Dean or John and he had to protect them both.
The interview only lasted half an hour before Castiel was fucking her against the mahogany bookcase, then on the couch, the desk, and finally on the love seat. By nightfall she was with child, barely able to walk on her own, dripping come and wing oil from her mouth and all over her legs. She was rapidly put in one of the bondmaid’s bedrooms, and attended by the housekeeper.
John grunts. “I’m starting to get hungry, doc. Can you check that as quickly as possible?”
She is wonderful. Renee plays with Castiel’s balls, strokes his dick just right, while bouncing her head up and down his length. She is a special woman, yet she is not what he wants.
How is he supposed to leave, this is dangerous, worse than playing with fire. Castiel just sits by his side silent and patient, watching him eat, and texting people on his phone. Something about his job, he says.
“Don’t be silly, Joanna-Beth. Castiel saved his life, there were witnesses. And he’s been coming here every day.”
“I’ll pay for the repairs,”Castiel reassured him, but was immediately interrupted.
blood that’s the problem.”
“Just had a bit of a fender bender.”
“Where is it?”
Dean barked a laugh.
Overwhelmed, Castiel did not immediately notice Pamela’s question, let alone reply, and then Charlie nudged him and shifted her gaze towards Pamela, staring, sightless from her chair on the other side of the fire.
Fluffy.” Dean chuckled, although his face was still pale. “You’re right thought,
Still staring ahead at the wall of the parking lot, his shoulders rigid, Castiel licked his lips.
“Are you staying long?” Ellen asked. “Dean give your seat to Castiel, he’ll have been working all day, whilst you’ve been napping and eating your own weight in pie.”
“Will you be able to do it yourself?” Castiel shook his head. “I really am sorry, Dean. To have restored her so beautifully and then to have to start again, just because
“I shouldn’t have told you, that was breaking patient confidentiality, but… You should have seen her Castiel. It was clear how much hope you’ve given her, and the rest of them. So when I saw your message saying you wanted to tell them all the truth, I had to get over here and stop you. I don’t like lying to any of them. But in a way, I’m doing what she asked, even if I have to break the rules to do it.”
Castiel let out a pained sigh.
Taking a sip, with a shaky hand, Castiel cast his mind back, and came up with nothing.
“Yeah, sure.” He looked round for his leather jacket, pausing to lay an awkward hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I’ll get outta your way. Family’s expecting me, anyway and I gotta meet this Castiel guy properly.”
“What are you idjits all doin’ standing around in the snow starin’ at each other? Don’t none of you have any sense?” Bobby grumbled from the top of the steps, breaking the silence that had fallen after Castiel’s confession.
Sam Winchester would never go for someone like me, but, just for once, I want a family for Christmas.”
Literally, of his dreams.
Cas stares up the road, the snow falling ever heavier. “I told you I should have got a cab. Text me when you get home, or I’ll worry.”
Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose, eliciting a raised eyebrow of concern from Castiel, across the room. He shook his head slightly, and Castiel turned back to Garth, who seemed to be demonstrating a particularly painful form of dental surgery, going by the alarming arm actions.
Dean stared at him for a moment, long enough for Castiel to regret his candour. Then Dean shook his head and squeezed himself through the narrow gap between the Impala and a shiny new Tesla that Dean seemed to regard with something like pity.
“That’ll make two of you, today.” Jo's smile was devious.
After his early shift the next day he stopped in at the hospital, a thin and slightly bedraggled bunch of flowers clutched in his hands. The lady at the florist had been about to throw them away, leftovers of the Christmas bouquets she’d been selling all week, but Castiel had offered to clear the freshly fallen snow from the pavement in front of the store. He rather thought she’d taken pity on him, and that rankled, but either way he was at the hospital and he had something to give Sam.
He didn't feel the hand on his shoulder like it was burning through his jacket, as it rested on the exact same spot where Cas had last held onto him, either.
"See, if you'd gone for a burger, it wouldn't be eating your lunch."
"Yes, it is how angels can see grace in humans. No, it is not normal for a human to glow from being healed by an angel like you do." It wasn't much. There was so much about Dean that was so far from normal that what was this but one more weird thing about him. Except...
"The hell I'm not." Sam stopped in front of him, shifted his shoulders before crossing his arms, and pinned Dean down with a stare that said he was picking this fight. It was a rare day when that stare would stop him and it sure as hell wasn't today.
Yes. Everything. Even that love at the very center of his grace. Everything.
All those angels. The looks, the pointed accusations and the anger at Cas' fall, at Cas choosing humanity over them again and again. At Cas choosing him over them. They saw it, every single one of them saw it. Balthazar saw it and called Cas the angel in the dirty trench coat who was in love with him. Naomi looked at him, saw how he was glowing from all the traces Cas' grace left in him, like humans apparently weren't supposed to do, and said 'I only wish he felt the same way'. Ishim saw Cas' grace, leaking out of all the cracks and breaks in him, and told him to roll the dice.
Or at least, no human appeared. Just more guinea pigs.
"Where are you?" He sounded normal, didn't sound strange, like he was about to go into heat. He sounded normal enough to make Dean angry with him.
"You can come too. If you want."
"That's not true." Dean looked up, saw Cas watching them from the doorway to the kitchen. Cas sounded sincere, more sincere than the circumstances merited. Cas walked over, crouched down in front of Dean, careful to not touch his knees, as Dean lowered the guinea pig back down onto his thighs. Cas didn't look at him and focused on the guinea pig instead. "They've been very happy here. You've taken great care with them, despite not wanting to." Cas finally looked up then, the deep sincerity in his blue eyes, the look that Dean would have described as adoring if it wasn't aimed at him. "Thank you, Dean." Dean couldn't tear his eyes away, couldn't stop looking into Cas' eyes, felt that tightness across his chest that wasn't real now but he could still feel anyway. Parted his lips to say something but couldn't. Cas tilted his head. Just a little, not like he did when he was confused, but how he did when he was listening, waiting to hear what Dean was going to say. As if it was the most important thing in the world. Dean swallowed.
"I want you to fuck me and if you don't fuck me right now I will flip you over and do it
"They're company and I like guinea pigs more than angels. I called him Dean because I expected," Cas paused, focused on the guinea pig again. He moved Dean's hands so he could hold it himself as he rose back onto his feet and let go of Dean. The other Dean rested quietly against Cas' chest, against the white of his shirt. "I expected longer before you arrived." Cas glanced at the curtains behind him, the ones Dean had to hang up himself, and it clicked. Cas had made this house, worked on it by himself to make it right for Dean, to make it the kind of home Dean would want. He just hadn't had the time to do the finishing touches before Dean had got himself killed like an idiot.
Lucky him. He'd pushed Raphael to resort to such a blunt tactic. He must be desperate. Castiel would have felt some grim satisfaction at that if he couldn't feel the yawn in his stomach. It was emptying, ready to be filled with heat and desire.
"I don't care man, I just want them gone." Dean leaned back on the couch, heard the scratching of feet and shut his eyes with a sigh as a guinea pig clambered on top of his head. If he took it off, another one would come up and replace them. It didn't stop the stink eye he gave Sam for laughing at him though.
"You. I want you. I want you so badly, Dean. I want you to be the one who gets me pregnant." Dean exhaled, dropped his arms from their defensive position, crossed over his chest, to approach the bed. Cas reached, pulled Dean down on top of him with all his strength without waiting. Dean was squashing him. The weight felt perfect on top of him, drawing a groan as his cock slid against Dean's skin, thrusted up and rutted against his hip. Dean pushed back, Cas chasing air with his hips before Dean pinned him down and pulled his legs back around him again.
"How come they're falling into Dean's house, anyway?" Sam asked like it was a perfectly innocent question, like he wasn't getting at something with it. Dean wasn't fooled for a second, gave him a look to tell him to quit it. He knew Sam was getting at something, something he didn't like, even as Sam shrugged and pushed away a stray strand of hair from his face. He glanced back at Cas, saw Cas struggling with something before it vanished, smoothed over to be replaced with the face of an absolute goddamn liar.
The promise of more lingered in the air. Dean wasn't rushing away, was only taking a break and expecting Cas to still be in bed, waiting for him when he came back. Cas wanted it, wanted more. Even with his heat finishing, he could keep going. He wanted to keep going, to stay the night with Dean and fuck until dawn, until Dean finally collapsed in exhaustion. To lie by Dean when he slept, to watch over him until he woke up, then go to get breakfast together when he did. To watch Dean eat with that ache in his chest it always gave him to see Dean eating, to see him happy, while his coffee was neglected in front of him, while Dean ripped on Sam for whatever choice he'd made for his breakfast.
Cas pulled him in closer, tight in his arms and tucked him in under his chin. A kiss pressed on the top of his head as his eyes fluttered shut against his chest. "Sleep."
"Dean, please, I want," He didn't know, couldn't say it. Dean knew it anyway, pulled him in closer, fucked him harder. Cas looked up into Dean's eyes, met those beautiful green eyes looking at him with want, too, like there was a difference. He felt the brightness of Dean spilling inside him, pumping him full of his come, claiming him, making him his, and Cas came, hard and deep, seeing stars as he looked into Dean's eyes with one thought in his head as everything shattered around them.
"I dunno, it is a little-" Cas cut him off by taking all of his cock into his mouth in one go. Dean wasn't hard yet but Cas would get him hard and he ached at the thought of it. He could feel Dean's dick swelling in his mouth as he sucked on him, edging his tongue along the underside of his cock, teasing the head. He willed the weight to grow against his tongue and fill his mouth up with cock. He needed it, needed Dean hard and ready to fuck him, let out a needy little moan against Dean's cock at the thought. His hands moved into Cas' hair and slid through it, before fingers dug into it as he sucked harder on Dean's cock. He was fully hard now, straining against the warmth of his mouth. It felt satisfying, felt perfect with the heat and need coursing through his veins and grace. He took Dean all the way down, right to the base of his cock with his nose pressed up against his pubic hair, as Dean swore and his hips strained against Cas.
With a swish of his hand, Cas cleared the glass away, restoring it back to where it belonged. In the distance, he felt the aftershock following a larger earthquake, and heard the silence from the absence of the hum of electricity. Of car alarms still wailing in the distance. Reached out and felt the shattered glass, all the broken, blown out lights in a hundred mile radius. He pushed out further, saw he'd knocked out the power grids for both North and South Dakota and caused an earthquake nowhere near a fault-line. It would not go unnoticed. Heaven would know exactly what these signs meant.
"I've been busy!"
"I love you." It didn't come out easily, but Cas needed to hear it. Deserved to hear it. He saw Cas soften around the edges before he leaned in and kissed Dean. It felt right. Cas pulled back, gave a look to the guinea pig, then to Dean, like he was torn. "You should take him home."
Oh. It was probably Cas. He pushed that thought out of his head.
He wasn't subtle at all in his sweatpants. His cock was straining against them and yet Cas kissed along the line of his hips like he hadn't noticed. Even with his hands in his hair he took his sweet, tortuous time. When he finally pulled his sweatpants down, despite the way Cas looked when his cock bounced free, breathless and eyes dark with arousal, he still didn't touch his cock. He was as dedicated to kissing every part of him as he said, proving his love to every part of his body. Injuries he didn't remember on his thighs, Cas ignoring how they trembled against his lips. He worked down his knees, the cracks from smashing them against stairs, the accumulated scars from too many fights and just from where they hurt sometimes, another sign of getting too damn old. Along his calves, lingered on a long slice along his ankle that made him groan, even kissed the crack on one of his toes where he'd banged it against a stray table leg in a motel room and bruised it three minutes before Cas arrived.
“Does Sam know?”
Castiel cast Dean a helpless glance. Dean was frowning, rubbing at his neck with icy fingers.
His cheeks flooded with heat.
“Thought I was a guest,” Dean protested, but as ever, his chest warmed at the indication he was
He trailed off, shuddering. He’d thrown them straight in the bin, and washed his hands very very carefully. He almost hadn’t minded paying to replace
“I’d better tell Ellen where I’ve got to. She worries and it’s not good for her.”
“You’d better go through then,” said the receptionist, turning with relief as Dean’s nurse, Jess, reappeared. “The nurse here will take you to him. Nurse Moore, these are Sam Winchester’s…
Dean unlocked the driver’s door, and then, to Castiel’s surprise, went round to the passenger side, and unlocked that, before slipping inside. He leaned across the bench seat and shook the keys in front of Castiel.
“That’s no good.” Dean strode across the forecourt. “You need something to get you to the hospital and back, save your knee and stop you passing out on the transit. It was a stupid idea. Bobby suggested a modern runaround, but I thought you’d—you admired Baby, so I thought you’d like— But yeah, not so practical I guess.”
“I’ve remembered someone else,” said Jo, bearing pie, her smile smug. She waited until everyone was looking at her expectantly. “Harrison Ford.”
“He was kind,” Castiel repeated. “And now his family’s being kind too. They’ve invited me for their postponed Christmas, and New Year too, though I expect Sam will have woken up by then. Gabriel, I’ve not been to a family Christmas since I was a child!”
“He seems like a wonderful man.”
“Turn the heat down, find a whisk,” says Dean, and Cas glances over his shoulder.
Jo looked startled, and a little sheepish, whilst Ellen turned back to Castiel, rolling her eyes as if to say, ‘teenagers, huh’.
“Oh my goodness, Cas, what are these? Caleb, get down!”
“It’s fine,” Dean cut in, with sudden decision, though the eyes that met Castiel’s were nothing less than terrified. “There’s nothing Cas can’t hear.”
“That’s okay.” Pamela chuckled. “This family is a shock to the system if you’re not used to it. I was just asking, Castiel, what first attracted you to Sam?” She grinned conspiratorially. “If he’s a cute as he was when I last saw him, I can guess…”
“I’m really not sure what I’m doing.” Castiel eyed the chrome gearshift with suspicion.
Castiel nodded, cursing the flush that rose on his cheeks and hoping Dean would attribute them to the frosty night air. “Thanks to you, yes. I’m sorry I forgot to eat; that was stupid of me.”
Cas’s mother steps forward. “That’s what
“Hey, man.”
y well would know,” he challenged.
“Isofix?”
“Oh, it’s you.”
“It’s mainly his head,” Jess explained. “But whilst he’s unconscious his muscles will be wasting away. We want to keep him as fit and strong as we can. He has PT every day, and even once he’s woken up, he’ll need to carry on for a while. Luckily I’m trained in rehabilitation as well, so I can follow up with him after he’s discharged.”
“Pants.”
“Well…” Bobby drew it out. “You know she don’t fit in at that new private college. She don’t even want to be there, told me she’d be happier mucking about in the garage, but Ellen wants her to have ambition.”
