Steve chuckled, standing up and leaning across the island towards Tony, where the genius leaned in, too. Steve stopped just before their lips touched. "Only if you're on time for dinner," he said quietly before pulling back, smirking, leaving a gaping Tony Stark.
"Peter."
"Three dates," Tony grumbled. "That was it, and those I regret."
There was one knock at the door, before it opened, Mary walking in. Her hair was pulled back, and she looked a little less frazzled. She had Peter's bag with extra clothes, and Steve assumed his art stuff as well. "Thank you so much, Steve," Mary said as she kissed the top of Peter's head. "I couldn't get a hold of Tony, and they need both Phil and me down at SHIELD."
“I’m not a fan of Buckaroo, or Bucky Bear, or Winter Buck, or Seasonal, or-“
"I know," she said. "Things are different now when it comes to parenting. Both good, and bad, but I make do. I'm luckier than most other women, or men, for that matter though." There were three beeps and Steve turned to look at the box that Mary had put the food in. She opened it, grabbing a towel that hung on the rail of the oven, and pulled the plate out, putting the second plate in.
“I will not hesitate to stab you.”
“Well, I was going to start filling these in for you,” Phil started, flipping through a couple of pages.
"And he purposely dragged you to the gym this time?"
Steve chuckled as they walked in to see that the table had already been set. Syrup, powdered sugar, and a bowl of fresh whip cream were already there, and Phil was coming out with a couple of pitchers of juice. Peter was following behind him, a plate stacked high with pancakes in his hands, focusing on their balance in his hands. As soon as the pancakes were safely on the table Peter looked up and grinned. He ran over to Steve and hugged him around the waist.
"I shall endeavor to do my best." Tony's AI was very faithful to his creator
Steve Freaking Rogers.
"Sir?" Tony opened his eyes at Jarvis's voice. He saw that the computer screens were lit up with test results. When had Tony taken the blood sample? He glanced at his arm and saw that there was a little gauze square with a little spot of blood on it. Huh.
He counted out the 33 steps, then turned right. "Yinsen!" There he was, on the ground, but alive.
The faceplate lifted and Steve was moving to remove it. “Wait,” Tony said softly. He bit back a wave of nausea as he gave the command for the suit to retract, folding back up into his case. He stumbled and Steve wrapped his arm around his waist, letting him lean against his side.
"Perhaps there are some that you can answer, though," Steve wondered, looking at her.
The beeping from the computer pulled everyone from the moment. "Got it," Tony breathed out. That was the tesseract.
Tony chugged down the rest of his glass, the green liquid making his taste buds revolt, as Dum-E rolled over with a fresh glass. He was helping Jarvis try to come up with elemental combinations now that they were done with the single elements, for the arc reactor. He was also getting ready to start working on his new pet project, Stark Tower. The plans were done, and the supplies were being delivered to the site, and the next day, Iron Man would show up to start construction. Tony was going to be involved in the Tower, since he couldn't get over to see Peter yet. Maybe this would get the press off of his back, again.
"I would have taken Peter," Tony grumped a little, knowing that he had probably missed his chance, and that Peter was already over at the new neighbor's place; Steve. He hadn't met Steve, but he heard about him all the time from Peter. Something about that just didn't sit right with Tony. He of course knew what it was, but he would rather take a repulsor to the gut before he named the feeling for what it was; Jealousy.
"Don't need those! Just needed your word that you'd ask her again."
"Probably thought that he just had to bide his time, wait out the restraining order for legal sake-" Tony picked up.
“Daddy says you’re going to be getting a haircut soon,” Steve said softly, trying to lull the boy back to sleep. Tired brown eyes turned to look at him and Steve smiled. “He says I need a haircut, too.”
"I'm done," Wade said, tugging on Tony's pant leg. Tony tapped the counter with a finger and Wade leaned up to put it there. As he signed his name he saw the receptionist pause before trying to hand the ID back. He flashed a smile, tapping the spot next to the clipboard with one finger, and then pushed the clipboard back to her. As he slid the ID back in his wallet he took Wade's hand again.
"Two weeks ago," Tony answered automatically. "Peter's second day of school. Before that, I hadn't had a drink in four months, one week, and two days." Pepper raised her eyebrows, and Tony glanced over at her. "Summer break is always the hardest on my drinking habit."
"Details later, he's going to destroy the lab and any research," Steve said and put his arm around Tony's back, ushering him back towards an exit. "Time to get out of here, now."
"Brave man."
"Feeling a hell of a lot better than I was last week." Tony watched the boys run inside the building, knowing that Todd would walk them to the private elevator. The two men walked over, Mary and Tony helping grab the extra bags. Rachel smiled at Tony, rubbing his elbow a little. Tony was a little shocked, but he returned the smile easily. "They didn't find out, right? Peter had fun the whole week, right?"
Tony rearranged his arms, bring his tablet up to rest on one knee, one hand doing all the work of two, as his other arm was firmly around Peter, playing with the ends of his hair. Peter's hands were tracing circles over the new arc reactor, then tracing the new triangle pattern.
"Hey, Mary, can I ask you a question?" Steve grabbed the punching bag to stop it from swinging, looking at Mary who was next to him. The SHIELD training room was generously supplied, and they had put up some special equipment just for Steve, stuff that he couldn't break as easily. Or at least very often.
Tony nodded. "He was friends with him." Tony channeled his childhood, when he was still young enough to be happy when he thought of Captain America, before he realized that Howard gave more attention to a dead man than to his own son that was there in front of him. "I wanted to be just like Captain America when I was younger." Peter reached up to Tony to be held again, and he obliged, moving on to show him the other displays. There were magazines, and his old posters, costumes that he tried to make with the maids and nannies. "He was brave, and had no fear, and did what was right, to make people safe."
"He helps her, gives her medicine to try and make her feel better." Tony handed Peter his cocoa, then handed a mug to Wade, who took a drink right away. "This is really good!"
“Pools!” Peter exclaimed grinning.
“Those pants are a gift from the gods!” Tony told him seriously. “They are going to frame your perfect butt so beautifully.”
"You most of all," Tony smirked and Mary let out a little snort of laughter. "Are you worried about what others will think?"
"Three minutes, max." Tony swallowed at the words. He shot at the chitauri, getting to his feet. "The payload will wipe out Midtown." Midtown was where they were, was where Peter was.
Do you all hate me yet? Sorry, not sorry.
"Actually, I'm pretty sure that he's told you that he was," Bruce threw in.
"I'm pretty sure that you said that you were moving, because you had been, transferred?" Tony looked at the boxes again, seeing some stuff already in the boxes. "And that you were moving to Queens? Queens, really??"
"Daddy?" Peter called out from the dining room table, looking in. Tony landed on the ground and looked over, giving him a smile.
"Only when you're being serious," Rhodey said, and Tony nodded. "Let's get this contract out of the way." Tony smiled at the change of subject, and moved back towards his desk. One step closer to Peter.
For a surprise, I'll give you a sentence that I wrote in my fanfic notebook from the planning of this story:
“Bucky came up to watch her, actually,” Steve admitted. “He needed to make sure that she was alright after all the excitement.” Steve kept an eye on him for a few second longer than usual. “Do you remember what happened?”
"I was actually looking for your room," the dark haired man said, looking from Steve to Tony.
The food was in the middle, making it easier to pass around, although the chimichangas were staying suspiciously close to Wade the whole time.
"Of course, Sir," the AI chimed in, lowering the volume to not frighten their new resident. "Shall I create a new folder?"
"And now it's my turn," Steve said, and saw Tony give him a look. Tony thought that he was never going to be able to guess. This was going to be a good moment. "Depends on the occasion for you." Tony raised an eyebrow. "Right now? You're wearing boxer briefs as well, but that's because there are people here. When you're going to a Charity Gala you wear custom boxers, usually a soft material, but when there's some kind of party, or you're home alone and don't plan on working in the workshop, you wear nothing."
"The song sounded a little familiar." Steve had gotten off of his motorcycle, pushing his sunglasses on the top of his head. They were both in the parking lot of a little restaurant, a hole in the wall really, but when Steve had asked for a place to eat this place had come up the most. "I think I have that song, or something similar at least, on my playlist."
Instead, Tony went down to Bruce's lab, to check if any of the other information on the thumb drive had helped in his experiments.
He wasn't sure how long he stood there, one hand on the glass, the other holding onto the container of scotch, but it must have been just a little too long. A warm hand slid over the one on the glass, gently pulling it away, while another put the stopped back on the decanter. Tony's hand tightened around the container, and he almost let out a whimper at the loss of the smell.
"Yeah," the man nodded. "Not sure what kind of housing they'll be getting us though, so many places destroyed, not many left open." He wrinkled his nose a little. "Not really looking to move too far away, finding a new job is hard enough, but finding one that works around my girls is even harder."
Steve watched Tony from just outside the living room, saw him reading through something on his tablet, but he knew that he was going through Howard’s journals again. Mary slid up behind him, and he turned his head back a little. “Told Tony yet?” She asked, leaning across from him.
“I think I’ll take some butter pecan today,” Steve said, his lips turning up a little at Tony’s outraged look.
Steve snorted a little as he took a seat in front of the computer keyboard, and the paperwork he was filling out by hand. “It would probably be better if you just went to one of those little corner markets, instead of a large grocery store.”
"Now you've gone too far," Bucky said, throwing his arms up. Steve laughed and moved back towards the forgotten food. "Hydra never even made me do that. And I don't live with them, that makes it sound like things are normal, or that something's happening."
"No need to apologize," Steve said before she could try. "As long as you're positive that he's going to be alright."
"Hey, you can pull yourself up now!" Tony smiled. "I know you were working on that last time, good job!" Tony didn't see Mary peek her head out of the kitchen. "I mean, I don't mean to brag, but I was already doing that before I turned one, too. Chip off the ol' block." Tony smiled as Pete turned towards him, letting go of the table, putting his hands out towards Tony. "Are you trying to show off for me now? Alright, come on, show me what you've learned," Tony said, putting his hands out, palms up, for Peter.
"Nope, not until I'm sure you're good," Steve told him. "You remember what happened?"
"I don't like adulting," she murmured, but got up to move to the other side of the couch he was on.
"Yeah," Peter said with a nod. "What's going on, Daddy?"
Tony was bored. Bored and upset. He had been restricted to bed rest for the whole weekend, and he hadn't even been able to sneak away. Every time he tried to get up, to leave and go do something with Peter, or even just make it to the kitchen, he ended up on his knees in a coughing fit and wheezing for breath. Bruce or Steve would come in and help him back into bed, then start a breathing treatment for him. Tony was not happy.
Steve looked at the phone, seeing a logo on the back of it, and tilted his head. He swore he had seen that logo before in passing while browsing online, but didn't really think about it too much. There was a possibility that Tony would be just across the hall now.
Steve's eyes widened. "How did that happen??"
"I'll stay here, go through some more stuff. I'm thinking it's probably not a good idea for me to be showing my face a lot right now, anyway," Bruce said as he cleaned his glasses.
Steve watched him for a couple minutes. "Are you hiding your nerves? I thought people were still supposed to be nervous at their weddings." Coulson looked at Steve. "This is why I refuse to play poker with you, you know that right?"
"What are you doing?? Get out of here!" Was she crazy? Where was Peter?? Tony quickly patted at his arm when some flame licked his cheek. How did he not notice that he was on fire sooner.
"Community College, Jarvis, right along with the bots!"
"But 'm not tired." Peter yawned again, in opposition to his words.
Tony could hear the excited laughter coming from the room before he even reached the door. Tony knocked twice before opened the door. Peter and Wade were jumping on the bed that was in the room with their pants and shirt on, while Steve was sitting in the corner chair, still in his clothes from when he woke up, looking exhausted.
"She's cranky today," Steve stage whispered, kissing Tony's forehead. "Hormones."
Tony tapped his screwdriver on the tabletop, waiting for Jarvis to pull up the mission report. Peter was at school, would be getting out late as he and Wade had joined the newly fledged chess team, or were at least trying out for it. Mary and Coulson would be gone until the next weekend, Bruce was in South America, Barton, and now Romanoff, were off on missions for SHIELD. Tony was alone in the Tower, again.
Tony's eye twitched a little as she hung up and he turned back around, now seeing that Steve was sitting next to Peter, by the laptop, the little boy explaining something to him. Tony took a breath, and steeled himself for the interaction that he was going to have. It was for Peter, this was always for Peter. He wasn't jealous, nope.
"How did you find out that he wanted to use it on Tony?" Steve asked the scientist, watching him sip his tea.
Another spot appeared on the floor, followed by another, and another, until there was a trail leading to the elevator. The doors opened, the light dim, but comforting to Peter after his nightmare. "I'm sure that both of them will be happy to see you, Young Master. They always are." Peter nodded, holding the stuffed animal against his cheek.
“Hopefully it does the same for you,” Mary told him. “Yeah, he’s got a lot people after him because of what he knows, but you’re taking on the protection detail. For all of them. And I know a number of those people who wouldn’t complain if they were able to get their hands on you.”
"Peter's still into coloring, right?" Tony asked as soon as Mary picked up the phone.
“Glad to see the office didn’t kill your sense of dramatics,” Steve said as he pressed another kiss to Tony’s neck. “How long have you guys been asleep?”
“You’re right, I probably couldn’t care less. Anyway, I will be dubiously ignoring all media for the next five days.” Tony watched Peter run back into the room with his sketchbook, pencils, and colored pencils, and pushing them into the backpack that Mary held open for him.
"You and Daddy should come down here," Peter said with a smile, and Steve fought to keep his from faltering.
"Tony?" Steve sounded a little out of breath, and worried.
"Your Mama is a smart woman," Coulson commented. His phone went off, and he ruffled Peter's hair as he transferred him to the couch next to Steve, grabbing his phone from the coffee table. He walked towards the kitchen, and Steve wondered if it was Mary, or SHIELD business.
"Were it anyone else's wedding, sure." Tony let out a sigh and Julie chuckled. "The sooner you reach the reception hall, the sooner you get your legs back." Tony let out a shout and tried to move faster, making the boys laugh loudly at the movement. Tony certainly wasn't going to be winning any races.
“That’s what the President is moving to rename it,” Rhodey said with a shrug, and Tony groaned.
“Which thing in particular?” Tony asked, sparing a glance over at them. “They thing that wanted to use me, or the thing that tried to trap me?”
How had she missed so many signs from him? She hadn't known that he was this out of whack, so affected. Mary needed to know what was going on between Tony and Steve while they had been at the Manor.
"We're here to see Julie Wilson," Tony said, watching Wade inspect around the desk. He was very curious.
"Not yet." Mary sat next to Steve, and he raised an eyebrow at her. She was about to dismiss it until Peter continued.
He almost made it out with the scepter as well and he’d used that guise of Steve to do it, a fact that burns like molten steel inside of Steve whenever he thinks about it. If Steve hadn’t stumbled onto him in the upper floors of Stark Tower, Loki would have gotten away with everything.
, Rogers?” Howard grumbles back at him, his eyes narrowing. “Don’t start that shit with me. I gave you that scientifically perfect body!”
But the face is different, lines around the man’s mouth and eyes, the furrow in his brow carved deep with the passage of time. The jet black hair from Steve’s memory has gone gray now, streaks of white at the temples. The wicked spark in his eyes is different too. Brittle, watchful.
. And if he notices that Steve doesn’t let go right away, he doesn’t say anything. And Steve doesn’t mention the subtle little sniffle when they finally separate.
But Steve
At this, if Steve isn’t mistaken, Stark actually looks embarrassed. “Really? You’re doing this?” he says indignantly.
And they let him get away with it.
Howard scoffs. “Fat lot of good that did. We told you--”
The pair of them watch as Stark bounds away back down the stairs. Once he’s safely out of sight, Morita tips his head in Steve’s direction. “He ask you about moving into that Tower of his? He’s been trying to work up the nerve to do it for days.”
Run or confront them? Steve glances at the paths on all sides, his heart sinking to see that more uniformed soldiers are taking up positions on three sides of him. Fight, or flee? Those wide, unnaturally tall windows are behind him, essentially a wall of glass. If he can make a run for it, he could…
"Because I'll come back to you," Tony finished and Peter nodded.
"I can try and stop some evil alien from getting to you though," Steve huffed out. Tony smiled a little.
“Cool,” Peter said with a tired smile. “I missed this place a little bit.”
"I'm not used to eating breakfast," Tony said, even as he sat in the chair anyway.
"Sure, why not," Tony said. He grabbed the hook of the old punching bag and pulled it over to the wall. He went over and grabbed some tape and started to wrap his hands. "Let's talk and hit, yeah? Seriously, any topic, don't feel the need to shy away from anything." Steve raised an eyebrow at him. "I mean it, it's you and me and Jarvis in here, and whatever happens in here, stays in here, if it gets awkward and all." He stepped behind the punching bag, putting his hands on it, and nodded to Steve. "Let's go, Romeo." Romeo? What the hell, Stark?
"And now? You're going to redesign it?" Steve asked and Tony just nodded.
Expect something soon! Keep an Eye on the Proof Positive series tag!
"Look, there's cake, and Peter wants to share." Mary made a motion to Peter reaching for the little cake.
Tuesday, you can looking forward to a fluff scene. I mean, it's kind of short, but it's Diabetes inducing, or something. I cried tears of sugar while writing it.
"I think we're lucky to have made it that far," Steve said as he balanced the plate on his hand, and slid the small dish of beignets on his forearm, and the individual portion of the clafouti next to that. He knew that Tony wouldn't grab his own plate of the small doughnuts, but he smiled when Tony grabbed his own dish of the clafouti. The man really did have a weakness for blueberries.
"And I love you, Peter," Tony said, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. "I'll never stop, and I'll never love you less. If anything, I'll only love you more and more." Peter snuggled into him and Tony wrapped his arms around his son.
"I'm cold as well Steve, it's not fair that you get to be as hot as a furnace while the rest of us freeze."
And oh God how he wanted to ride that face.
Tony has learnt lately that the best way to talk to Thor is to be as blunt as possible.
The other man's head shot up from where he'd been looking at the floor, and he waited for Tony to continue.
He also pre-planned to get a hot dog on his way out even though it
"And here I was thinking I'd finally perfected my poker face," Steve replied with a wink, leaning across the table slightly into Tony's space.
Fury and Tony watched as the two assassins left as normal people would, through the doors.
The sound of a bell chiming behind him along with a light clink of glass doors closing was enough to startle him but he refused to slow down or turn around.
Ok, he could do this. He just had to order a cup of coffee, make pleasant small talk, maybe pepper in a few flirtatious jokes and hopefully leave with an extra phone number in his contacts. He had this. He totally had this.
“I think I’m getting the brush off,” Steve said, leaning down to kiss Tony quickly.
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
Peter nodded as his eyes started to close. “Gotta do it before Daddy’s birthday,” he said. “We should take him to Disneyland for his birthday.” Tony lifted his head a little to look at Steve suspiciously. “Like you said. It’ll be fun.” The little boy snuffled further under the blanket, quickly dropping off to sleep safely tucked between the two men.
"Speaking of fatherhood, how is Rogers?"
Tony got up, taking the ice pack off, slipping his watch back on. "Hey, I like it. Fabricate it, paint it. Don't wait up for me." Tony walked off, heading for his bedroom to get changed.
As Tony adjusted Steve's arms to properly hold the girl, she almost immediately stopped. Tony hummed under his breath, watching them. He was struck by how good Steve looked with a baby in his arms. He was looking back down at her, a sense of awe in his expression, like he couldn't believe that something as precious as this life existed in the world. It was soft and open, and Tony couldn't help but think a little vulnerable.
Armor. It was time to revisit the armor that had saved his life. He had other lives to save, to protect.
“Look at those,” he motioned to the pictures he had pulled up. He let Steve take the tablet to look at them a little closer.
"What are you? My Den Mother?" Tony was getting up, even as he threw his words at Rhodey.
“No,” Tony answered without hesitation, coming back out in a tank and some lounge pants. “No, any nightmares that I’m having are of the plain old, not physical, variety. Where I stay up too long, and my brain works too much. It can happen anytime. My brain doesn’t stop.”
He could practically hear Meg take the time to properly collect her words and thoughts. "I'm just, not used, to this much," she said softly, making Steve smile. "And it makes my gift pale in comparison."
Tony chew on his bottom lip a little with his canines. "Uh, wanna talk about it?" Steve looked at him a little surprised.
"Did Tony show you your floor yet?" Bruce asked as they worked in the kitchen. Tony was nowhere to be found, but Jarvis insisted that he would be back before dinner.
He had never seen Colonel Wilson in person, only in pictures, but he knew that the body on the floor was no doubt the same man. It was the small pool of blood starting to form that made something clench in his gut, and his eyes drifted over to the side, then he was moving in the room. “Wade?” He called out softly.
Tony gave him a two finger salute, touching the brim of the cap, and followed Peter out of the apartment, closing the door. Steve went over and watched through the peep hole as they went into Mary's apartment. Tony never took the hat off until he was out of view, and Steve blew out a breath.
"Yeah, but avoiding him isn't going to help with tha- Ow!" Bucky shoved his leg, knocking his knee against the table, and slid out of the booth. "She lives at the Tower you know," Tony said to him before he could get too far. "If you're going to continue being around her, for whatever reason, you're going to run into him." Bucky grunted and he was out the door.
Mary tried to calm her breathing. She need to get up, get out, warn someone. Her radio crackled with static. "Parker! Hill!" Fury! He was still alive. "Do you copy? Barton is-" More gunshots, and the rest of Fury's words were drown out as Hill got the message. "He's got the tesseract! Track it down!"
"She will keep going into your head, Mr Stark," Strucker's voice filled the lab now. "Until you decide to work with us, and not against us."
Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair. "Remember when Uncle Bruce said he didn't like green that much?" Peter nodded, still looking over Tony's shoulder. Tony stood up carefully, slowly, and turned to face the other two Avengers in the broken room. "That, is the Other Guy that Bruce talks about. But we call him Hulk sometimes.
Getting a good look at what knocked out Rhodey he saw the helmet drawing back to show Ivan Vanko, in a newly designed, clunky, and ugly, suit. Two whips dropped down, then arc with electricity, stronger than the last time, and he smirked. "Good to be back."
"Tony," Steve said, starting to move towards him now.
“And promptly slammed your face into the lamp,” Bucky finished for them.
"I'm not afraid to hit an old man."
"I've never heard of this song," Tony said with a hum. "Never even heard of the artist."
True to her stubborn self, Mary was already trying to move back into a comfortable position. Tony couldn't even say anything, because he would be doing the exact same thing. He just walked in, leaned up on the bed next to her, and helped her try to slide back down without jostling her body too much.
"Not everything is related to Captain America, or Howard Stark, now is it?" She asked, raising an eyebrow at him. "I trust that you have manners, and tact, enough to figure out a way to talk to him."
"It was the longest they kept me out of Cryo, and out of the Chair." Bucky had stated it like it was fact, but Steve didn't miss the little crinkle of distaste of his nose. "AIM was too engrossed in their work that they didn't follow instructions. I started to break away, break the conditioning. Just enough."
"Sure," Tony said, cutting him off, shrugging one shoulder. "If that's what he wants to do, we've got room. Uncle Bruce will be there, too, so the more the merrier." Tony just didn't want to see Peter disappointed right now, and if he wanted Spangles to come back with them, then so be it. He nodded his head to Steve then turned around and walked off, several goals in mind.
Steve was standing there, the door closing shut behind him. He was still in the pants to his uniform, in his blue undershirt, and the cowl and shield were gone. His hair seemed to still be sticking up, so he had just pulled them off, and he was panting like he was out of breath. In his hand he held onto a little glass vase with some rather interesting looking orange flowers in it.
"I love you, Tony Stark." When they pulled away both were panting slightly. "I don't plan on going anywhere for a long time."
"Yeah." Tony sat down on the edge of his bed. Now that he was coming down, knew where he was, his face flushed hot. A stranger had just talked him through a panic attack. He let out a little moan and dropped his head to his hand.
It was the little touches at first that broke through to Tony. The fingers tracing circles on the back of his neck, the soft motion of the other hand running up and down his spine, and as Tony shifted a little to get comfortable, Steve's leg was wrapping around his. A shiver ran through Tony's body then and he had to take a breath. It was a sudden sensory overload. Steve's breathing had been soft and measured, but could hear it, picking up just slightly, could hear his heart beat start to speed up. Tony could hear the muscles shifting in Steve's arms as he pulled Tony closer, moving him up further on his chest. He saw the fabric of Steve's shirt bunch minutely as Steve tilted his head down to kiss Tony, and that, Tony felt all of that.
Steve collected his shield and walked over to Iron Man. To Tony Stark. The same Tony Stark who was here, instead of with Peter. (Although he secretly wanted to see Stark unload those weapons into Loki.) Loki merely raised his hands in surrender, the armor disappearing. Steve hated magic.
"I'll be back in a few days. Bye!" He waved eagerly and Steve waved back before the screen went dark as the call ended. He let out a sigh and dropped back on the couch.
"Come on, Daddy," Peter grinned at him. "It's time to eat."
Steve put Tony on his feet, and kept his hands on Tony when the smaller man stumbled, his knees buckling. "Barton, where's the jet?"
“We’re going to Disneyland!” He cheered when Mary took his hands and pulled him away from Tony, lifting him off the ground for a few seconds. “Mr Steve said that we could go to Disneyland, and Daddy said that it would be okay to go for his birthday!” Peter was grinning like he won the lottery.
Tony nodded, slipping his phone into his pocket. "I'll be downstairs for a little bit. Jarvis can help you with anything you need." Tony started to walk away and Steve blinked.
It takes everything he has not to tuck himself into the doorway and hide from view once he reaches the house. He presses the button beside the door and is greeted by a woman’s bubbly voice.
--------------------2---------------------
Stark gestures shamelessly at his clothes. “It’s better to keep busy,” he says lightly. He holds his hand out for Steve to take and it feels…
“Would you look at that, Dad sure is taking his time with that phone call!” Stark launches himself up from the chair, a flurry of limbs and words that drags Steve up into the fray by a hand tugging at his arm. “I’ll just escort good old Captain Rogers here to the party before the rest of the Howlies stage a military operation.”
Stark lets go of Steve’s hand and turns with a flourish. “You should be resting! You withstood an alien attack in your 80s. I think that qualifies you for the superhero title. You keep that up and I’ll be out of the job.”
“...just trying to get the last of the civilians clear,” William is saying.
, that they can make a difference to at least one person’s life in all this. He thinks that some of the volunteers recognize him from the footage that’s been circulating from the battle. But if they do, they don’t mention it other than the occasional searching look.
To feel like he’s doing
“She?” Steve asks.
If he’s honest, he already knows the answer before it’s given to him. His eyes are locked on Howard’s aging face, the way his senses tune in to how everything in this building seems to
They stand back in the foyer for a moment, Steve watching as Stark’s bravado drops the moment the door is closed, heaving an impressive sigh. “So,” Steve begins, brows arching further as Stark jumps, “can I ask about that or should I just forget I saw anything?”
“Don’t break the perimeter!” Steve twists his body, hurling the shield ahead of him and kicking a nearby hostile into a parked car as it goes ricocheting away. “Stark, do not engage. We’ve still got civilians that need to be evacuated on the west perimeter.”
Steve peers around at the hall, searching for something, anything that would ground him in reality. Or in a reality that makes more sense than
Steve breathes heavily, feeling like he’s run across the city at top speed. His heart
his eyes shining with tears and fierce affection. This is Morita walking Steve through the garden he’s so carefully cultivated and showing Steve the pictures of his family that line the walls of his home. It’s Dernier dancing with his youngest daughter (a middle-aged woman now), full of smiles and laughter and speaking in rapid French. It’s Gabe with a grinning young man that he introduces as Antoine, his grandson, with smaller children running in and out of frame behind him - grandchildren, great-grandchildren. It’s Dum-Dum frowning and cursing at the screen while a laughing man of about sixty chides him gently,
Barton laughs.
They’ve tried to protect the world and they’ve named it
) with SHIELD overseers. He remembers getting Loki to the ground and then… nothing.
Steve fixes a practiced smile onto his face, giving some vague answer about moving into the SHIELD barracks in lieu of his destroyed apartment and not really hearing any of his own words. It’s easier to tune out this part of the conversation, to let his responses go rote, than it is to think about whatever the hell he’s going to do next. In the plush, sprawling armchair beside her, Stark seems to fidget. It’s an almost undetectable movement, the twitch of Stark’s fingers against the arm of the chair, and if this were their first, or even their third meeting, Steve would assume Stark is growing bored of their small talk. But now Steve can recognize the thoughts passing in rapid succession over Stark’s face - the man wants to say something, and is playing a game of mental chess several moves ahead of the rest of them to find a way to say it.
"Doesn't matter," Tony told them. "If he frees Loki, or kills him, the tesseract's lost." Tony was not going to let that happen. He turned, heading to the end of the bay doors.
"Aww, did you hear that Tony?" Mary asked sweetly, and Tony turned an incredibly unamused expression to her, barely stopping himself from sighing. "Sleeping in. Something you won't be able to do for a good long time." She grinned at him, entirely all too pleased with herself. "Perhaps he can report to you later just how nice it feels."
"Jeez man, is that what happened to your eye? You put it at the back of your head?... Anyway you just said the main point right there buddy, they have their
And now there's a blond man coming out from behind the counter making his way over to the door and...
It took her a moment to realise Tony was still talking.
Tony relaxed as the chest underneath him shook from laughter and looked over to see Natasha wink at him before closing her eyes. He'd question the wink in the morning but for now he was too tired and too comfortable to question it.
Tony thought happily.
He imagined those tree trunk arms picking him up and slamming him against a wall. One hand underneath to keep him steady and the other reaching up, two fingers outstretched, moving towards Tony's mouth so that he could suck on them and worship his skin and-
Happy smirked slightly as he noticed just what, or who he should say, his Boss had been staring at before he schooled his expression into one of bored indifference. Nodding  once he replied, "Of course Sir."
"Want a tip mate? She won't like Burger King."
The most subtle way he could think of to show his interest was to flip his hand over so that they would be loosely holding hands across the table. He was sure that would be a clear sign of consent to carry on whatever was going on here.
"My world, which is exactly why it
Fury was about to object when Clint and Natasha appeared out of thin air.
Pepper answered on the first ring and spoke before Tony even had a chance to open his mouth. "Tony... there's been a slight problem."
"NO!" Tony laughed at the clear panic in Bruce's voice. "I mean, i'm fine Thor, thanks, i'm perfectly comfortable here on my own now."
"Oh. Well, thanks for coming in I guess. It really was swell meeting you." Steve was avoiding looking at Tony, leaning against the bar with one hand as it picked at imaginary lint.
"Thanks Tony." Steve tapped Tony on the shoulder before giving him a huge grin that tugged something in the shorter man's stomach.
"You're laughing at me," he accused.
tower." Tony replied continuing to pace round the office.
Shifting in his seat, Tony covered his mouth with one hand to hide his laughter. Due to living the life that he did, (early morning meetings and all-nighters in the lab), Tony had been a resident of many coffee shops over the years, and he could firmly say, with conviction, that he had never seen any barista look as out of place as Steve did making his coffee.
"Am I to take that laugh as a no then?" She asked, nails stopping their rhythmic tapping on the glass phone screen at the sight of the unopened envelope on the desk in front of her. "Ah, I see. I'll take that as a no instead then."
He wanted to take his time and map out the contours of his cheeks with his tongue. Taste the salt on his skin.
. This means that the rest of the team hardly see them except for on missions and even then we don't exactly have time for
went against the diet plan Pepper and him were trying out. But this was a big decision, right? Big decisions like this require comfort food and grease, that's always been Tony's belief.
Steve didn't give him a chance to try and redeem himself though unfortunately and instead grabbed onto Tony's forearm to pull him back to the café.
ON MY LEG?"
"Well then, it's a good job you do know me better."
"And does this list include taking an hour out to fantasise about a certain blond café worker?"
"Cap, listen, go shower and change. I'll wait out front for you and then we'll go discuss everything you want to talk about over food. Maybe Italian. But first you have to shower, now go."
Tony could also feel his eyes begin to water and the urge to rub his hands across them to cease an itch was rising.
"Ahh now you see, each of these doors leads to a training room suited to the specific persons' fighting style. For example, if Clint were to go through his door, JARVIS would plan and build his battle scenario to better his bow and arrow technique. Whereas if Natasha went through hers JARVIS would change it so she can further her hand to hand style. Clever huh?"
Next time Tony plans a delivery he's going to make sure to check the weather forecast first.
"I'm going to ignore you now. Have you had any news on when the beds will be delivered? Mine came yesterday but the rest haven't and saying as the others are supposed to be moving in today I think they should probably have a bed to go to don't you?" The two of them made their way to the kitchen where Tony poured them both a cup of coffee.
"What time do you open?"
"The sort of lady that knows what goes into their burgers, trust me, take her to... oh that one, nice little french restaurant. Don't bother about reservations." Tony took one look at Thor's face and decided to skip over introducing him to the world of having to
So could somebody please explain why Tony was stood outside the Café?
Five flashes went off with a chorus of 'cheese' ringing out and the team watched as their faces took over the place where the grey square had been on the card.
"Pepper, my sweet, fiery goddess I can assure you it was next on my very long to-do list", Tony replied, leaning back in his chair and rocking, hands cupped to the back of his head.
He quickly reached out to pull back the chair and winced as it squeaked aggressively against the floor at his excessive force.
Simple.
"Well the building is one of my old family homes so all it needs is some renovating and then... It's all ours." Tony did some quick calculations in his head. "So... A month perhaps?Two tops."
"Listen, I have no objections to this, in fact it would be nice to live somewhere with clean water..."
Obviously, there were parts of it he hated. Like the early morning wakeups from Pepper, or the bombardment of emails he received whilst sat in the back of his limo. He hated the stiffness of his suit and the smell of car fumes that still seemed to permeate the limo even with its fortified doors.
The blond was undeterred by his exclamation however and continued to scratch behind the Colonel's ears. "Yeah, he is. The Colonel here's a Maine Coon. Don't be fooled though, he may be a giant but he's just a big softy at heart, craves attention like no other cat I've had and I've had some needy cats."
I'm planning on posting a new chap weekly but that's all dependent on how hard work and my social life decide to beat down on me so just a forewarning that some may be a tad late...
Tony hadn't touched a cat in over 30 years, and now he has perhaps the biggest one he has ever seen in his lap.
Pert, bubbly, toned and attached to what Tony could only describe as a Greek Adonis.
." Fury smiled despite his words.
Before he first got a glimpse of that ass.
"Guys would it be ok if I grabbed some more of the covers? It's a bit chilly here at the end." Bruce's voice came from the other side of Clint's .
Sighing, he picked up the Colonel and ignored the affronted 'meow' he received in return before placing him on the ground at his feet.
He eventually forced himself to look away, leaning in to grab his cup for a distraction.
Thanks for reading and please let me know if there are any glaringly obvious mistakes that i've missed
"If I didn't know you any better i'd think you were making a joke about my robots there Fury."
He'd promised Pepper he'd think about going into the café and one thing Tony had learnt in their 16-year-old relationship was that it really didn't pay off to fall through on a promise with the woman.
"OK Tony, i'm going to save your breath and stop you before you go off on one. Call me when it's ready and i'll be over. However don't blame me if I cost you millions in repair work." Bruce turned back to his near hand-made computer, finishing off whatever he had been working on before Iron Man had come crashing through the door.
"Yeah alright, you caught me. I don't know shit about coffee, and honestly, I don't even like it all that much" Steve said, sitting down opposite Tony with a sigh as he placed one cup by Tony and the other in front of himself.
Tony knew where she was going and he didn't like it one bit.
"I would very much like to have a place to call home on Midgard, yes."
"Be sure to chase it after signing those papers though. Debbie really will have an aneurysm if you leave it any longer."
After hours of searching SHIELD records for information of activity from Asgard, Tony finally found Thor on the edge of a building in New York.
"Nearly." Tony stopped to take a sip of coffee. "Just a few last tweaks to go and then they're done."
Steve had clearly sensed the other man's tension as he was now looking at him with an (admittedly adorable) confused expression.
He truly was beautiful. Tony knew he had light blond hair, (his car had made an excellent creeper helper with its one-way tinted glass), and it was styled into the usual soft quiff but he had never seen it this close. He had never been able to make out the few sparse copper strands that glinted in the sun giving the man an almost ethereal glow.
Tony was nearly at the door when he heard Steve's voice calling out to him.
Absolutely unbelievable. Tony’s reputation for impulsivity was really shining through today.
She smiled at him briefly before letting it drop and donned what Tony referred to as her 'authority face'.
He doesn't feel any of that coming on though. Strange. His throat doesn't feel warm, and he hasn't yet had the urge to scratch his eyes out to rid himself of an itch.
"Yo Thor, I was wondering if you'd be up for-"
Although, the sight of Steve cradling what appeared to be a small grey panther against his chest had him cursing for an entirely different reason.
"Really Steve? You've got access to SHIELD's training rooms and you settle for this dingy gym?"
He physically ached with the need to kiss those lips. Those full, plump, pink, moving...?
A soft purr came from his left, and that’s when Tony noticed just what he was now sat next to. It was a three-tiered black velvet cat tree with, what looked to be, a massive mound of black and grey stripy fur asleep on the top. Tony noticed Steve tying a green apron around his waist in his peripheral, but he didn’t dare take his eyes off the cat tree. He waited for his eyes to stream or for his throat to close, but so far he'd seemed to have had no reaction to the cats even though he was seated right next to one.
His throat, which had begun to tingle when he had been drinking his coffee, felt like it was on fire now. And dry, it was incredibly dry.
Pepper decided to ignore him, it was usually the best option. "Why don't you just go in and say hello? It's been months now Tones and while you do hold many titles, being patient definitely isn't one of them."
Christ, he didn't even know if the man was single or if he even liked men for that matter, but here Tony was getting jealous after knowing him for a maximum of 15 minutes.
Tony had also never been so close to that jaw. Jesus Christ Tony could cut himself on that jawline.
"As you wish. Goodnight friends, may all your dreams be blessed." And with that, Thor went out like a lamp, quickly followed by Banner, then Natasha and finally Clint, leaving only Steve and Tony awake.
"NOT NOW MAN OF IRON. I AM DEBATING AS TO WHICH OF THESE EATING PLACES I WILL TAKE JANE."
Somehow his lust-filled brain had managed to omit that word when he had first noticed Steve. It wouldn't have affected his desire for the man in the slightest, but it would have made him think twice about stepping foot inside the shop.
"Fantastic! Come on then, follow me." Steve beamed, smiling wide to reveal two rows of perfect white teeth. "I've saved the best table just for you." Steve winked, and Tony faltered as his heart stuttered for a beat in his chest.
There was a cat. In his lap.
"... and also it apparently goes a bit, um, gloopy? Like wine. That's when it cools down though.  Which is how some people might like their coffee I guess. Personally, I prefer mine just plain hot, but hey, everyone’s entitled to their own preferences” Steve jested, placing the now full cups onto two separate saucers.
Tony laughed as Steve and Thor jumped at the voice, he'd get round to explaining that one later.
"That," Steve mirrored Tony's dramatic point, and the smaller man's crush developed just a little bit deeper, "is due to my friend and business partner, Natasha. She's the one who bought this coffee and also the one who put the deposit down on all those over-the-top machines you can see behind the bar there at the back."
Tony smiled and clapped the God on the shoulder
Tony laughed, watching Steve's fatigue steadily fade away as he moved into 'man with a plan' mode.
"Fine
"Many thanks Tony. Now, what is it you came to discuss?"
"Please do."
"I'll explain how they work in a minute but first could you hold them up to your face so that the grey square is facing you. JARVIS, prepare."
"They're going to love it here Tony."
Tony somehow managed not to show any outward indication that the move had affected him. However, he prayed that the man didn't possess superhuman hearing otherwise the rapid thumping of his heart trying to beat out of his chest would have given him away.
“You don’t look so bad yourself.” Steve grasps at his shoulder, following after his friend in the direction of the voices and laughter. “You make it through alright?” he adds, nodding at Morita’s cane and his strained gait.
Steve steps back, eyeing the officer until he lowers the weapon. “Alright?” he asks the man, managing to sound only slightly winded.
“We’ve been waiting for you, darling.”
Back to work.
Steve takes a steadying breath.
. Which is pathetic, really, because they’re right here in New York-- they were
Steve clicks on it anyway.
was adamant that our name spelled out SHIELD. And you’ve got a date, Steve.”
“After all of--”
But with some work… with some
, is his first instinct. And it’s not something bitter that rises in him but something nostalgic, remembering exactly how many times he’d had to say those exact words to the Howlies when they wouldn’t stop bickering during a mission.
“Howard?”
The simple battlefield exchange feels familiar. Freeing. And after the catastrophe of their meeting on the Helicarrier, it finally feels like Steve has a team behind him again.
“Alien invasion? It’s using that bloody shotgun that’s keeping you down, Dugan!”
He can’t conjure up the words to describe how unmoored he feels. Can’t think of anything other than the wordless scream that clogs his throat. It feels quite suddenly like he’s back in that plane, back in the Valkyrie with the water rushing in around him. Biting. Cold. Suffocating.
Which is why Steve sits in his temporary suite in SHIELD’s barracks, a place even more barren of personal effects than his apartment had been, and pours over footage from the battle. Anything and everything he can get his hands on, from news sites or SHIELD’s security database or the broken up footage from Stark’s security cameras (which had helpfully appeared in an encrypted file in his email). Anything Steve could get his hands on to find a lead, to find
They’re all older, a little more worn, but all of them…
It’s how he comes across the video titled in all caps:
Stark cuts in before Steve can respond. Unlike Barton’s comm, Stark’s is almost unnaturally quiet, his voice being the only thing to come through.  If they’re going to have a go at this whole team thing, Steve privately vows, then they’re going to let Stark outfit them with his vastly superior comm system. It won’t be difficult to convince him, not with that ego and the seeming desire he has to thwart SHIELD at every turn.
Howard’s voice comes to him just over the muffled hush of his own thoughts. And then he’s being guided away, a hand at his arm pulling him down the hall. No one follows them this time. Steve gazes at the walls, at the bland art on them as they pass, numbly letting Howard lead him deeper into the building.
Steve blinks. “Um.”
It’s followed swiftly by a soft, thin voice chiding, “Don’t shout,
He winces at the reminder of their, frankly disastrous, first few hours knowing each other. “About that--”
The video sharing site had been a part of Steve’s extensive,
“Right. Uh. So after the whole alien invasion bullshit I was thinking-- It’s my curse, right? Ha. I’ve got all those empty floors and we’ve got a team. Most of us with nowhere to go, or stuck in SHIELD barracks in limbo. SHIELD can’t expect to be able to fund and supply a team like that, and after the shit the World Security Council pulled, I don’t really trust them that much anyway. So you know, why not, the Tower can withstand some assassins, spies, supersoldiers, gods, and a Hulk. What do you say?”
Steve dispatches them quickly as the shield rebounds to him, twisting to aim the weapon at two of the other creatures and firing at the same time he snaps the neck of the snarling alien in his grip. The last of the alien squadron goes down with an ear-piercing shriek - engulfed in a blast of energy from behind. The police officer kneels in the rubble, breathing heavily with one of the alien weapons in his hand.
. The magnitude of that curls tight under his ribs.
“I… yeah. I’ll give it a try. What’s the worst that could happen?”
Her accent echoes of Eastern Europe, bright and clear in Steve’s ears. And he falters for a moment.
handling it? Does Steve even have the right to ask? They aren’t friends; they could barely scrape together being teammates long enough to neutralize an alien threat.
. It is a big house. Let ANA call him in.”
They embrace, and despite the decades between them now, Morita is solid in Steve’s arms. Not the frail ghost that they all are in Steve’s darkest fears, that will turn to dust the moment he touches them. Morita is real.
“Okay…”
“They…” He thinks of how Barton’s eyes jump to the shadows whenever he sees the agent among the rescue volunteers. Or the brittle set of Thor’s jaw as he throws around rubble like it’s nothing, like he’s got something to prove. Or Stark - god, Stark had a damn
The man is the spitting image of Peggy’s deceased husband.
“No kidding.”
“Is everyone still in town?” he asks instead.
the person behind the camera gasps. The view swings, and Steve can see them half-dragging a panicking friend beside them.
just days ago.
They talk about the SSR and SHIELD. How
Steve considers this, with a numb kind of hysteria. “You look good for ninety-four, Howard.”
“I’m… fine.” Steve grimaces and clears his throat to try again. “I’m fine. Took a bit of a beating, and my apartment is practically rubble. But hey, at least I’m not going to suddenly wake up another seventy years in the future, right?” At least, not outside of his own nightmares. “And I can handle SHIELD.”
"No problem Steve." Tony replied, returning the grin before heading out to wait with Happy in his car.
Gasping slightly, he felt his face warm as he realised how close he was with the man he had been crushing on for months.
Café.
Resting the urge to sneeze, he reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet and StarkPhone. He sent an urgent pick-up request to Happy and pinged his location across before getting a couple of notes out of his wallet to cover the coffee.
Pepper agreed, that was pretty special.
"It's what best for the team Pep... so that we can really be a
"You're not going to like this either, open the nearest curtain.." Tony walked over to one of the huge floor length windows and pulled aside a curtain to reveal the night sky being covered by white.
Tony kicked himself mentally at his not-so-articulate ‘save’.
"Well then," Tony said, leaning forward in his chair with one arm extended (
Tony loved his commute into work.
Steve paused for a moment, then smirked. "I really don't think I'd mind having you around more often you know if you did decide to keep coming," he expressed, reaching out slightly with his right hand to gently caress the fingertips of Tony's left one with his own.
on building your tower-"
"They're voice activated as well, the 'cheese' wasn't just to get your smiles as goofy as possible, although that is a bonus. God Clint look at yours!" Tony looked up to see Clint's glare and swiftly changed the subject. " Anyway, these will be your passes to get into the mansion, they will also be used to get into certain rooms such as the meeting room which is on the top floor and the labs which are on the bottom. Pepper what's the situation on the beds?"
The ridiculously hot weather of late was sort of a blessing in disguise now. It wasn't ideal when he had to spend his days in a three-piece suit but at least this way he would have an excuse for his slightly flushed face if Steve called him out on it. The fact that Tony, ex-playboy extraordinaire Tony, could be reduced to a blushing, stumbling fool was frankly embarrassing, and he was determined to put an end to it. He was a Stark. Stark's dominated conversations and left other's speechless. That was just the way it was and had been since Tony had attended his first function, age 14, and had left potential investors racing to empty their pockets with his plans for the first light-weight laptop.
Maybe he would too? Perhaps he’d like it so much he would push Tony against one of those windows, show him off to the world, show them just exactly who he belongs to.
“I’m here now, mission’s done so I’m staying put.” Steve kissed the shell of his ear, his other arm moving so his fingers could rest in Tony’s hair. “I didn’t know that kids were the new fashion accessory though.” Tony snorted softly and Steve smiled.
"Loki!" Steve's expression turned to a glare.
"That's what you say." Tony looked at Bruce. "Time to do some heavy lifting."
Mary got down on her knees and they both looked up at ceiling. "Alright, what's that one right there?" Mary asked as she pointed up to a spot. Steve crouched down a little to get a better idea of what was happening.
"You're not in the military, Tony."
“So, you plan on visiting the mansion after your vacation?” She asked him, and he brought the phone back up to his ear, looking around to notice a couple of teens sneaking his picture from across the store.
"How are you going to do that?" She asked, looking in towards the giant arc reactor in the building.
"I have the best lawyers in the world," Tony told her. "OJ Simpson wishes he had my people, his trial would have ended after three days. Revoking parental rights in this case would be the easiest thing they've done for me all year." Julie looked back down at the papers. "We both know the prognosis," he said quietly. "We both hope that it's wrong, so wrong that the word wrong becomes useless. But, I'm willing to bet that you don't want to be caught unprepared, just in case."
"So is Wade a Sith?" Tony asked, leaning back in his seat a bit to watch Peter. His not-so-secret inner nerd was paying attention. He was still planning a Star Wars day for Steve.
"I am currently tracking Sergeant Barnes, and running the new information," his AI responded, trying to ease his creator's mind. Tony nodded a little. His eyes closed when Steve reached up with one hand to rub at the back of his neck.
“Yeah,” Peter grinned. “It was really fun today. Even Jamie looked like she was having fun.”
"I was talking about kids!" Tony laughed. "Heaven help us all if the day comes that you have a child of your own."
"Please," Tony breathed out. "Please do find it." Tony scrubbed his face with his hands, then got up from the chair. "I'm going to go get Peter, take him down for some time in the workshop."
“Just like Captain America would, right?” Tony nodded at his Aunt’s words. “Well, I can’t think of anyone better suited to take care of Evelyn than yourself. Is that something you could agree with, Evelyn?” Peggy looked down at the Eevee, smiling. Vee chirruped, bouncing on her back legs this time in excitement. Tony smiled at her and opened his arms, going to lean down to pick her up. He didn’t get very far before she jumped into his arms, licking his cheek as he held onto her. “Yes, I think that Steve would be very proud to have you looking after her.” She picked up the dropped pokeball, closing it before tucking it into his back pocket. “Why don’t you head inside, show Evelyn your room, and the house?”
