― In the moment? Shooting at the wall ― the strange voice sound very calm and yet very annoyed ― You would like to leave a message?
― It's dr. Watson, Louise, and please call me John ― he pulls my hand, guiding me to the biggest couch and sit me, sitting on the smaller one ― Mycroft has no reason to be angry at you, if you haven't called us, some disgrace could have happened.
— Oh, actually yes — I allow a smile to my lips — I meet new people, and it wasn't bad, for the first time! I talked a lot today, and wasn't even painful or hard, and this other children, they listened to me, and they cared about what I was saying. Uncle, I didn't even hesitate on saying my mind!
A car stops behind him and the sniper can hear the electric window opening.
I don't know what to answer, but I don't get the chance of it, footsteps approach on the stairs.
— Chicken! — I try to steal the phone back, but he was simply too tall for me  — Uncle Mycroft!
― Are you ok? ― John asks while put his hand back in my shoulder, he is actually worried, watching, really caring about me. I almost smile, wanting to say he shouldn't be worried with me, but I can't, it was only for a day, less of a day, any harm would come from that, it was good having someone else caring for me. Well, besides uncle Myke, he worries about me, constantly. ― You are pale, Sherlock it's only worried, somebody tried to kidnap you.
Mycroft open eyes, after abandoning his sister as he abandoned this was the punishment he deserved. His sisters, of course. He had not visited Eurus for weeks now. The government officer looks out the window leaving the filth of what happened before invade him. His throat hurts, once more he swallows the urge to vomit. He needs control right now. It was his fault, there was nothing to do about it, just accept. Accept and stay calm.
— Oh, my God, it was you — he holds me, hands on my back, pressing me against him — The girl they were stalking. Dear god, Louise you are shaking like hell.
— No, sir, she was right there, but we weren't the only ones after her. Peters want the girl, sir, I recognize the man, he is after her God knows why.
— It's what I'm always saying... Sherlock wanted me here — Gregory reachs out to him, stand hands, without touching, and try to be as gentle as possible — Let's get you up, come one.
— Sure, teacher! — before I say goodbye to her, Alice kisses my cheek and simply leave, going down stairs. My head turns a little, my hole attention goes to the one place she touched, and I want to put my hand on that spot, maybe I could still feel her lips there. Ian observes us and I'm sure that was the most nastiest face of his day — What do you need, mister?
Author's note: please forgive the poor english
I stand up and walk to him, larger steps I'm able to take, hugging him, hidding my face I'm his clothes, the smell of cigarette and perfume take me, calm me, he was tense, maybe even scared.
— But, uncle Myke...
Her eyes are not dark as Alicia's,  they were brown, yes, but way lighter, almost caramel, and certainly way colder, very calculating, as all in her, agressive, egocentric.
He puts his other hand on her hair, letting the cigarette go.
— If I was more present on her life, in Theres's life, all could be different. I could have save them, I could have answered the fucking phone. Maybe Louise could have trusted me before.
Apparently I could only belong to one group. I resist the idea of turning back and look to my colleagues, wondering who were the other of my group. Such an odd school, segregating students like that.
— Do you really think so?
― The devil ― his resigned voice is low and sound pathetic. I was raised by a woman who believe only in the good part of that history, and lived with a man who didn't even bother to remember the existence of supernatural beings, but the away that man said it made a shiver go down in my spine ― Now open the door, you know how much you deserve his attention, you and your uncle — I let my head fall in my shoulder, interesting choice of words ― All of you, worshipers of the fire.
— Oh, Sabrina, he doesn't have to worry about that — I smile using my most diplomatic voice tone — James knows well how to deal with politics, I believe. He surely will be the director of a giant and important newspaper — I force a laugh, even though the act sinks my heart into the ribs — We're going to have to be careful with him so he does not destroy our careers, right?
The two man stare, both visibility bother with something. Louise can fell Gregory didn't manage to accept the existence of Ian, she wonders if he realises why. The same was with uncle Mycroft, the very hurt and still shaking uncle Myke, he is confused, she can't tell if is for the answer or for the "mister Holmes". She decided is better letting them alone, maybe without wanting to look strong in front of her Mycroft could relax.
Sorry for the delay. Please enjoy
Mycroft keeps a straight face, just observing the jumpy being. He was very experient on torture, showing emotions was a frequent mistake of victims.
— Twins, even if Mom always said she was the oldest. Just like Uncle Myke says he's smarter... Don't know if I'd believe...
By experience, I know how every normal human devolve some kind of angry for me. And it wasn't because of my intelligence, how uncle used to say, or because I'm "different" as Anthea thought. I was born to be hated, people hate me since the beginning, sometimes it get worse as time passes or it just happen right away. It happened with my father, with uncle Sherlock, my grandparents, any colleges or teachers, even I hated myself.
"Erm," John glanced helplessly over at Sherlock, who was watching him with an inscrutable expression. "A bit. Just—just a waltz."
Sherlock had taken a keen interest in the flattened bouquet, paying particular attention to the delicate yellow flowers woven in with the larger blooms.
Sherlock groans. "Not
The dog backs off a few paces, still barking. John keeps his movements slow, unthreatening. Slips through the barn door into the cool dark interior.
Mycroft had promised to take care of it, of course. It is possible that Moriarty's agents are, even now, being neutralised.
Sherlock's eyes were very pale in the dim light. He blinked once, then nodded slowly.
"What's what, dear?"
"Cake," he said, looking up at Molly. It took more effort than he would have liked to drag his thoughts away from the cocaine hidden away in his pants drawer. Perhaps it would not be much of a fun game after all. "All right."
He is not met with any resistance. He is escorted to a quiet room and left alone with the coffin. It takes him several moments to work up the nerve to lift the lid.
"Your limp is psychosomatic," he says.
"Sherlock," John says.
"Ah," Sherlock said. He hesitated. This was—friends shared stories. They exchanged personal information, history,
"Can—?"
Molly shifted in her chair. She pressed the back of her hand against her mouth and studied him, her eyes swimming with emotion. "I think," she said finally, her voice slow and thoughtful. "Um. That understandable and excusable don't really mean the same thing."
It's pretty obvious you haven't been here in at least a decade, if not more."
"Skulking."
"Mm. No. He's telling the truth. He didn't murder his father."
"And are they? Happy?" John swallowed, met his gaze. His eyes were warm and familiar in the fading daylight.
Outside the barn, the big grey dog starts barking again, the sound cacophonous. He does not know how anyone can stand it
"Sorry, but—" John says, and then hesitates. He shakes his head. "
He watched as Sherlock returned his attention to the fabric book.
John rubbed at the back of his neck, leaned against the counter.
A sound like thunder, rumbling, building. Lorry, John realized belatedly. Traveling fast.
Mycroft had composed himself. There was no trace of the perplexed panic that had gripped him at Sherrinford, none of that uncomfortable wildness in his eyes. He’d changed his clothes. A fresh suit, well-pressed, no creases.
"Why aren't you happy?"
"Look at the car, John. Really look at it. Brand-new, loud colour, hardly used. And—" he took his phone out of his pocket, pulled up McCarthy's Facebook account, waved it in John's face. "I'm sure you looked him up last night, too. Anything stand out to you?"
"Don't mind him," Janine said. "I keep telling him he'll feel better once he eats something, but—well, you lived with him. You know how he is. Stubborn."
he'd said.
and Sherlock groans, drops his head into the hollow where John's neck meets his shoulder. Breathes him in.
but perhaps that had only come about because of his conversation with Sarah Sawyer. A crime of opportunity, so to speak.
He slept poorly.
He swallowed. "Right," he said. He squared his shoulders, tightened his grip on the handle of his cane. "Right. Um. I was asked to deliver a message from Lazarus. He said—he said to tell you that he's been caught in an unexpected rainstorm, and an umbrella is required."
He shuddered.
her, exactly, but she was clearly a remarkable woman, and it was no surprise that she'd managed to capture Sherlock's attention.
The bed dipped as John sat down at the edge.
They regarded each other for a long moment.
"Well. Wouldn't make for much of a deeply buried secret if he went around admitting it to just anyone." Sherlock's tone was far too casual, almost bored.
"What is that?" Mary asks. She has tucked her phone away back in her purse, has stepped up to the back of the truck and is looking up at John with a grimly polite expression. She is ready to go home. He cannot blame her.
"Coincidence, I suppose," Sherlock said. He stepped closer, close enough that John could feel the chill of the night air clinging to his skin. "Just one of many."
He blinked. "Sorry?"
"Look," John said, his mouth dry. He could not quite bring himself to meet Sherlock's eye. "If you don't actually want—"
Or, at least, it should be interesting. Would be, certainly, had it happened anywhere else.
Sherlock paused the video, leaned back in his chair. His heartrate had accelerated. He folded his hands, pressed them against his lips.
He pushed through the front door, let it slam behind him. Looked to his left automatically. Two coats: Sherlock's and Janine's. Still there, then. Neither of them had gone out.
Snow.
he cared even if he didn't want to admit it, and he'd help John even if it meant putting himself through hell. Again.
All around him, people were laughing and smiling.
John shuts his eyes.
"Please," John said.
She went. The door slammed shut behind her.
He looked over towards Sherlock. He'd shifted so that Rosie was facing away from the wall, was bouncing her absently on his hip. Mollified, John returned his attention to the photographs.
"Oh," she said. She shook her head, looking a bit like a deer in the headlights. "No, you don't need to—"
He puts the pill between his teeth.
His first Christmas back, after—after his time away—he had spent with John and Mary. He'd been home for just over a month, was still getting reacquainted with places he'd once known intimately, and he'd had no intention of even observing Christmas that year, let alone entertaining guests.
"Ree," she said. She took the book out of his hands, prodded him with it.
He glanced up. "Hm?"
Sherlock accepted it wordlessly, long fingers curling around the warm ceramic.
A soft noise behind him, the shift of fabric.
He turned, fled down the stairs without looking back.
He huffed an incredulous laugh, shook his head. He'd spooked himself, that was all.
"Good?"
"Sherlock, what the
John blinked, torn between wanting to laugh and wanting to shout. "Hang on, don't you think that's a bit hasty?"
"Mycroft," he said. He stopped short.
John shuts his eyes, pinches his brow with his thumb and forefinger. He does not want to think of Sherlock on the ground, does not want to think of the blood and the crowd and the helpless thundering of his own heart.
"I know," Sherlock says, and he grins.
"So you'll take the room," he says. He claps his hands together, tries to reel himself in.
Sarah glanced up from the chart she was reading. There was a harried, slightly harassed look about her. Her hair, normally quite neat, had begun to pull loose of its pony tail. Her lab coat hung askew on her shoulders.
Sherlock stopped, swallowed. He suddenly found it very difficult to meet John's eye.
He laughed without humour, turned away from her to pick up his half-empty glass. He tipped it into the sink, ran the tap to wash away the scent.
Why not?"
He'd been treated and released at the hospital, once they were satisfied with his body temperature. He'd waited around for hours after he'd been cleared to go. Had finally gone up and stood in the doorway to Sherlock's room. Just to—just to reassure himself. Just another close call. Nothing more than that.
He sat for a moment, drumming his fingers against his leg. Then he reached forward, turned on his computer.
"You're going to let him."
"Hang on," he said.
"I don't know," Sherlock admitted. He looked down at the ground, then rallied. "Would you like me to find her?"
"Hey," John said, and Sherlock opened his eyes.
"What's your name, anyway?"
Janine turned to the door, tossing a saucy grin over her shoulder as she went inside. "Oh, none of that. I promised I wouldn't kiss and tell this time. But—oh—maybe I make
"I suppose you'll never know," she said.
Janine had said.
Mycroft, lecturing, smug and superior and right, always right. Always, always right.
"Oh," Sherlock said, contrite. "Of course."
Rosie had been, from a very early age, intensely curious about her mother.
"I thought," John said, "that you were him." He smiled tightly, aware of how little sense that made, that there was no real way to explain that he'd been living with ghosts for so long that the arrival of one more had not been any real surprise.
Sherlock's brow furrows up. He does not seem to know what to say.
"Sherlock—"
Sherlock, who would brush it all off given half a chance. Sherlock, who wanted to
"Another year unsuccessful," John said. He reached over, tickled Rosie lightly on the side. She giggled, the sound high-pitched and joyful. "Fell asleep. Missed Father Christmas." He lowered his voice, spoke directly to her. "All of this was here when I woke up."
"Poor bastard."
"Shit," he said.
He takes her to the park and lets her run off some energy, settling himself on a nearby bench to keep an eye on her.
Lestrade sighed, ran a hand through his hair. "I think I'm about done here. If you're right, they're going to need me upstairs in a few minutes."
John watched the cameras click as passerby stopped to watch them argue and make up. And argue and make up. And argue and make up.
"Yeah, I'm—I see that now. Sorry." She bit her lip, shot him an uncomfortable smile. It seemed genuine, that smile. "I really am sorry, John."
"Right," he said, unimpressed. "Had a change of heart, then?"
Rosie's way. Always Rosie's way. Did he really dare attribute her indomitable will to Mycroft, of all people?
would be just as likely to delete the text unread.
John looks past Sherlock into the flat.
He groaned, shut his eyes. "Look. He's Sherlock-bloody-Holmes, he doesn't play for any teams. He's a force all unto himself. Who even knows what goes on inside his head? I certainly don't." He stopped, breathed out hard through his nose. Wondered if he'd said too much. Wondered what, exactly, could even be considered too much.
John caught him, his arm looped around his waist, laughing a little into Sherlock's mouth (oh, that was what John's laughter tasted like, that was
John shifted, stretched. Lifted his arm away from Sherlock's body and savoured the draught of cooler air against overheated skin. Rolled onto his side and tipped his head up to get a look at Sherlock's face.
The idea was almost too absurd to consider. He was clearly in the grip of some kind of psychological—episode—and he needed to do something about it. He'd thought the worst of it had passed when he'd finally let Mary go; obviously he'd been mistaken.
She did not move. Her gaze did not waver.
"I'm sure Anderson has room in his RV if you'd prefer to ride with him."
Sherlock's smile widens. "Oh, sorry. Is this yours? I'm
He abruptly feels sick. He shouldn't feel sick. This is a good thing. This is the best possible outcome. Everyone gets to live. Even him. And he'll still have his work.
"Please," the man said.
He carried her closer so she could see, careful to keep far enough away that she could not reach the delicate strands of lights with her straining hands.
"She's a part of you, and I love her," Sherlock spoke quietly, plainly. "You must know I would never see her harmed."
"All right," she said. She left his office without another word, shutting the door behind her.
"Just—I thought he was probably running from something. A lot of people are." He breathed out, thoughtful. "Family expectations, I think. Ailing parents, an overbearing brother. He didn't want anything to do with the farm."
Molly had gone to their house, had stood and cooed over the baby with Mrs Hudson. John had been full of nervous energy, the stereotypical new father and yet there was something slightly off, there always had been, in the way he interacted with Mary. Affection, yes, but tainted with some deeply buried anger that seemed to come out at odd moments.
"Molly,” he said, and the expression on his face was utterly crushing.
Her expression is pained. Her eyes are strange behind dark-tinted contact lenses, her makeup thorough, convincing. She looks at Rosie, then back to him. There is moisture gleaming on her cheeks.
John stopped talking. Stared at Sherlock.
Sherlock
Three months spent standing at the window as night crept over London, standing at the window and staring down as John and Rosie walked away.
He took it, smiled politely. Swiped through a seemingly endless array of photos of Janine in her red dress, arm-in-arm with Evie and Lily and, of course, Victoria.
Stealing corpses? Faking deaths? That wasn't rational. That wasn't something that people did. That wasn't something that
"Anderson!" Sherlock bellows. "That Doppler better be up and running!"
John paced the floor of the Baker Street flat like a caged animal. Outside, the rain beat steadily against the windows.
"We're out at the pub," she said, the cheer in her voice fading into caution. "Just wanted to check in. Not that you need checking in on! Just. You know. It's just nice to hear from friends, sometimes."
He stretched the sleep from his stiff muscles, stumbled into the loo. He met his own gaze in the mirror. Smiled.
Stumbling home late, hair hanging in her face, voice slurred: "Always liked Clara more than me, the bastard."
John laughs out loud. It is just a laptop. A weird, barely functional laptop with nothing of use installed—he's not even sure if it has
Culverton Smith asked.
Redbeard at his side.
"Um," John said. His breath steamed in the cold air. He found himself once again fighting back the urge to giggle.
"No?" he asked. He shook his head, pursed his lips. "No problems? Nothing?"
Mycroft sighed, rubbed at his temples with his fingertips. "Do you need a hospital?"
He thought of Mary on the floor of the aquarium, blood spreading dark and hot across the front of her shirt. Thought of Sherlock sprawled on grey pavement, a wet crimson halo crowning his shattered head. There had been things he'd wanted to say. To Mary, to Sherlock. He'd never got the chance.
"Erm," she said. She was still smiling. It was an awkward smile. "Anyway. We've known each other a long time and—well. It just sort of happened."
This was reworked into these two moments:
"Better than being late for my own funeral, one would assume," Sherlock said. He sounded a bit more like himself, his tone crisp, his eyes sharp.
Sherlock watched him warily.
Nothing. Sherlock had said nothing. He'd nodded, made a small sound in the back of his throat, looked away.
Sherlock allowed himself to be led into the kitchen, obediently put his hands under the tap. Lathered them with soap. John stood next to him, watched rust-coloured water circling the drain.
"I'm just reading it."
Mycroft was gone by the time John ascended the stairs, his steps slow but steady.
recall certain moments from his own wedding with perfect clarity. The sharp, unexpected sting in the back of his eyes as Sherlock made his speech. His first dance with Mary, all eyes on them as they turned on the dance floor to the sweet melancholy notes of Sherlock's violin. And—
"I—" he shook his head, at a loss. "What did you think was going to happen, here? That you'd break up with me and then we'd spend the rest of the flight laughing about the whole thing?"
"I'll change the order."
But Lestrade's taste in telly was atrocious, and the only other thing of interest in the flat was pressed into a small white baggie at the bottom of his pants drawer. And Lestrade would have been easier to fool than Molly, but John had said
"Yet you never met his son until they moved here two years ago."
"All right, then call the police," Lestrade said. "They'll—"
He hadn't seen through her yet. He saw everything, but he was blind to the people he trusted. He trusted her. Somehow that was worse.
"You never needed me," she said. "You loved me, John. And I loved you. But I was never the person that you needed."
The wind shrieked and howled. It was, for a moment, easy to forget that he was still standing on a footbridge in the heart of London.
He looked at her, wondered if he should try smiling again. It did not seem to be getting him anywhere.
"I'll join you."
But why?
"I know what you're going to say," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "And—"
"Is it safe to move you? I need to get you someplace warm."
Redbeard had been old. He'd been sick. That was what
"The vows," Wiggins attempted again.
he told himself firmly.
"Mrs Hudson," he warned.
Most problems were simple, easy to diagnose, and handled within ten minutes or less.
"No," she said, and she was still smiling a little bit. "I'm here because I've been stood up for dinner."
"They went to university together," Sherlock said.
John folded his arms over his chest, waited.
And I can't—as much as I wish things were different, sometimes, as much as I want—I can't wish that. I can't—I just—"
"Why?" he asked.
" She recoiled, face crinkled up in dismay.
"You're his brother."
"Sherlock—" Mrs Hudson started.
"They certainly are," he agreed.
He stripped off his latex gloves and binned them. Washed his hands. Listened to the indistinct chatter of his coworkers down the hall.
Harry went on smiling at him. He could not quite make sense of her expression. "Maybe you're looking in the wrong places."
"Oh for—" John cut himself off, shut his eyes, pinched the bridge of his nose. He'd
"Just—"
A hot flush of anger climbs up the back of John's neck. He sniffs, clenches his fist.
"They're soaked through," Sherlock said. "If we're stuck here, if we have to wait, you can't—" he stopped, let out a frustrated breath. "There's a blanket in the back. Wrap yourself in that."
"This one," John said, softly, tapping the one with the rounded edges. It was what he'd have chosen for himself. "I like this one."
"No," John said. He smiled again, a grim and terrible smile. "No."
"I don't need them, I need you," Sherlock said.
"Thought you were getting rid of those."
Their flatshare is going on two months now. It had only been meant to last a fortnight.
He let the phone drop down to the sofa cushion at his side. Scrubbed his face with his hands. Sighed. His laptop was still open on the coffee table, the screen dark. He pulled it towards him, woke it up. Looked at the email from the London realtor.
Sherlock looked at him for a moment, swaying unsteadily on his feet. There was an expression on his face that John could not quite decipher.
John took a step forward, tugged the leash. Trevor remained stiffly planted, his lip curling up to reveal a set of fearsome teeth.
"Good. There's a pathologist there, Molly Hooper."
"At what?"
He lifted his head, looked at the wall behind Molly. Mary wasn't there. Mary had not been there for months.
"What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?"
He stands. He thinks of John, collapsing with Sherlock's name in his mouth, and his knees buckle.
Sherlock looked at him, really looked at him. He often saw his brother as he'd once been, not as he was now. It was difficult to remove the filter of so many years.
"Every time I leave London for a more rural destination."
"Don't believe everything you read," Janine, caught on camera outside Speedy's, said in an oft-repeated clip. "Sherlock and I are just fine." She smiled, but her face looked tired, her eyes puffy.
Janine. No more so than the case demanded, at least.
Thought about Sherlock and the way he'd flipped his coat collar up before disappearing through the door into the rain.
He smelled good, John thought. New shampoo, maybe. Or cologne. And that was—that was a distractingly unnecessary thought to be having.
"More than that, I think."
John turned off the television, stood looking at his own reflection in the darkened screen.
Sherlock was grateful he had not turned over. He shut his eyes.
"Hi," John says.
They found her in an inexpensive hotel on the outskirts of London.
There was another stretch of silence. There was no place in the room for Mycroft to sit. He wondered how long his brother's patience would last; if he could wait him out, if he'd eventually hear those footsteps recede without another word being spoken.
Sherlock did not answer.
He started walking. Stepped carefully, the grass tangling around his calves.
"Ah. So this case is going to have you acting like an arsehole to a bunch of strangers." He smiled tightly, looked back at the wall. "Business as usual, then, yeah?"
Sherlock noted the placement of the bookmark. John had only got a few pages in, though he'd clearly been sitting for some time. Distracted, then. Unable to concentrate. He'd likely been holding it and staring into the fire. He did that, sometimes, when he got lost in his own thoughts.
Prompted by ennisgarland on Tumblr:
"Great," John said. "Well, no. Not great. Actually. That's a lie."
He supposed it had, in fact, been a rather long and difficult road between that last birthday and this one. And what Molly said was true: he was still alive.
"It doesn't make sense, you know."
"Accidentally on purpose," John said.
"John," Sherlock said.
Lily and Evie exchanged glances, then doubled over with muffled giggles.
Sherlock raised his brows.
tended to cling to the right kind of companionship when it was on offer.
And, God help him, John looked to Sherlock, saw his friend's shoulders stiffen and his head whip around, felt the moment when his searching gaze landed on him.
She liked to go out. He couldn't blame her, really. People liked that sort of thing. Going out. Having a good time. Pubs and clubs and restaurants. Seeing and being seen. He liked it too. Sometimes.
"Sher!" Rosie squealed, and John jolted, snapped his head up to follow her gaze.
Other than the dance lessons, Sherlock had been lying low since his little tryst with Victoria had gone public. A calculated move, John supposed, to make people believe he felt some remorse over the whole thing.
There were footsteps, soft on the carpet outside his office. He sat back in his chair, schooled his expression, set the keys on top of the worn surface of his desk.
John sighed again. "Sherlock—"
"All those years, thinking you were the smart one."
The engine screamed, and the rear of the car shimmied and fishtailed, but still they did not move.
"The door is still open," Sherlock said, when John pulled back.
"Better arrogance than incompetence," he said. His voice almost sounded like his own.
Sherlock looked at him. Raised his brows.
It was time for her to eat, so he heated up a ready-made meal. She batted his hands away as he tried to feed her, instead lifted a fistful of mashed carrots to her mouth.
Sherlock's eyes had not left his. His face was somber, his eyes very soft. "Yes," he said.
He'd wanted to do better, and instead he'd—
been lonely. There was little point trying to fool himself into thinking otherwise.
Sherlock looks at him.
it again.
John laughs, glances away. He does not quite seem able to meet Sherlock's eyes. "Erm, just—med students can get a bit weird, yeah? I think it's all the, erm, stress. Just—" his voice breaks and he coughs. "Just take my word for it."
"What the hell happened in Belarus?" John asked, not really expecting an answer.
"The thing is," John says, speaking slowly, thoughtfully. "It turns out that I—that being here didn't really bother me the way that I thought it would."
"He asked for my help," John said instead. That, at least, was the truth.
Sherlock murmured something that made Lily and Evie giggle in unison. John ground his teeth together and stared down at his phone.
"You're right, of course," John sighed. "You always are."
She did not look up.
She nodded.
"Sorry," Sherlock said. He pursed his lips, looked down at the ground. He fidgeted with his hands. "It was not my intention to upset you."
"Then we wait." John squeezed his hand.
It is early, so John walks slowly. It is a nice day, not quite warm enough yet to go without a coat, but there is a pleasing hint of spring in the air.
John grinned back. But his grin faltered. He looked at his watch. "I—that's tempting. But. Rosie."
Sherlock said nothing. It was disconcerting, all of the silence.
"Fine," Sherlock says. He glances at John, looks away. The pressure on his chest is still there. It feels as though he has been holding his breath for a very long time.
An idea—fleeting and impossible. A terrible idea. Not something Sherlock would ever go for. Not something he, himself, should even dare consider.
and he'd wandered around with a drink in his hand and his chest a twisting, bubbling, bottomless black pit of resentment and rage. Molly had come and had pursed her lips, had wrapped his daughter up warm and taken her from the house and he'd let her go without a fight, had been glad for the silence.
The sun had slipped below the horizon, the shadows gathering close and heavy. John had not bothered to switch on a light.
She raised her brows. Said nothing.
"All right," Sherlock said, not knowing exactly what he was agreeing to. He thought it possible that he'd never been more unsure of anything in his life.
He does not hesitate. The fall is quick. The airbag rushes up to meet him.
John breathed out hard, let his head drop. Something twisted in his chest. He was very conscious of Sherlock's quiet, measured breathing in the close space.
"Molly," John said.
Sherlock held his gaze a moment longer, then continued walking. There was a flush of colour high on his cheeks.
"Of course I was," Sherlock said. He opened his eyes. "Right about what?"
"Good night, Molly," he said, and steered her towards the door. He shut it behind her. Stood listening as she hesitated and eventually made her way down the hall.
"Might be a nice tradition to start."
"Stay here. While you look for something. Or don't." Sherlock frowned, thought about what he'd just said. "Or don't look for something, I mean. Do stay here."
"Out of the ordinary how?" John asked, his voice a little too loud, a little too harsh. "Sudden shifts into third person? Dropping little hints about the East Wind? Offering to put a hole in my head?"
"No," Sherlock said, his eyes still wide open, unblinking. "I suppose not."
"Oh, all sorts of things," Mycroft had said.
Sherlock makes a dismissive noise, shakes his head. "Anything but. One of her students is failing. Falling behind."
"I'd have gotten there eventually."
Sherlock studies him. Thinks about the callus on his index finger. Thinks about what Lestrade had told him about the mysterious gunshot that had (possibly) (probably) saved his life. Thinks about that cascade of broken glass, the empty room on the other side.
He breathed out through his teeth. Stared at the screen.
"I'm glad for it," John said. "It feels like home. It's the only thing that does, really. Now. With Rosie gone."
"Sure," John said. His voice felt distant, weak to his own ears. "Right. Of course. Yeah."
John scratched at the back of his neck, leaned against the wall. "How long—um—"
and had indicated his intent to do it again. And for that, Sherlock had shot him. Had shot him in full view of witnesses, damn the consequences.
There is nothing to see in the stall. Straw bedding, a half-full water bucket. If the man who made off with the animal left any clues behind, John cannot discern them.
"Happy to help," the cabbie said. His voice was soft, lilting. Familiar.
"No need," John said, and this time he did laugh, the sound high and uncomfortably giddy. Sherlock was still standing very close, still had John's head cradled in his large hands.
Sherlock, caring enough to meet the bridesmaids. To make sure they all got on.
"I see."
"Are you—?" Sherlock was worried, his voice had dropped, low and quiet and hesitant. He never seemed to know what to do with his worry, carried it in his stiff shoulders and halting motions, in his fluttering hands that never seemed to find a place to land.
"Ah," Sherlock said. He looked away.
The ring. Sherlock was still wearing the ring.
Sherlock made a scoffing noise, but some of the stiffness seemed to go out of him.
He unwrapped the next canvas. And the next.
Sherlock frowned.
but it is not the kind of goodbye that comes with an axe dangling overhead, with the grim reaper waiting knowingly in the wings. It is a goodbye that speaks of happy endings, of swelling music and rolling credits that sometimes include a text epilogue over a freeze-frame picture of the happy couple, something inane like:
He was alone at the altar.
"No, I suppose not," Mary said.
So he paced.
John laughs, but there is no real humour in it.
After that day, he is unable to stop noticing.
"And?"
Sherlock and John watch The X-Files.
"Of course you don't," John says, and there is a tired good humour in his voice. He comes over and sits on the edge of the bed, then sighs and scoots up against the headboard, gathers Sherlock close. He does not seem to mind the cold sweat that has soaked through Sherlock's clothing.
"No one," John said, resisting the urge to look towards Mary. "Just—talking to myself. Sorry. Did you want something?"
"John—" she started. There was something soft in her voice, something like pity. He wondered, with an uncomfortable twinge, how much of his poor night's sleep showed in his face.
He laughed, the sound flat and humourless. "No," he said. "I don't think so."
There was no consultation room this time, only a small seating area in the back of the shop. They were greeted by the chef himself, who carefully laid out six slices of cake on the table. The individual slices were meticulously decorated with delicate swirls of buttercream.
He listened to her heels clicking down the steps, the sound of the front door opening and shutting.
"Okay."
So he'd turned around and walked out.
Trevor let out a low growl.
He sat down on his bed, put his head in his hands. Did not answer. He could seek out all the drugs he wanted, but there would be no escape from this.
Seeing Sherlock again—
He'd thought of his little room in Baker Street, cluttered up now with his and Rosie's things. Thought of Sherlock in his dressing gown, who, just that very morning, had leapt from the kitchen table, seized his violin and engaged in forty-five minutes of the most frantic and unsettling medley of Christmas music John had ever heard.
"Sorry," Wiggins said. "Bit nervous. I've never done one of these before."
When he spoke, his words were slow, thoughtful. "You know, people used to think we were a couple. Sherlock and I."
"You haven't been sleeping well," Sherlock says.
He follows her into her flat, shuts the door behind him. The telly is still on, blaring, and she shuffles across the room to silence it.
"Ah. Excellent," he sat back. Watched as she made an incision.
"Dr Watson?"
like it's something foul. He can sympathize.
John did not seem relieved or unburdened by the news he had delivered. He did not look away from the fireplace. His hand clenched and relaxed at his side, rhythmic.
marry her," Sherlock said, his voice hitching as he laughed.
Victoria emerged behind him, smoothing down her hair. Her face was flushed, her lipstick clearly freshly reapplied.
After a time, he spoke, his voice flat. "You are an invalided soldier several years removed from the battlefield. I appreciate your efforts, but this is not your fight."
John, obligingly, turned to the nearest table and began riffling through the first box he saw. Which turned out to be American baseball cards.
"No," John said.
"You're not dead," Sherlock says. He blinks, blinks again.
He'd told John the story one night, the pair of them tangled sweat-slicked and sated in a sagging motel bed. The room's tired air conditioner had clanked and chugged and failed to produce anything even remotely resembling cool air.
"Leave it," John said.
and what was left in its place was comfortable and shockingly intimate.
Sherlock stared at him, doubtless taking in his flushed face, his reddened eyes, drawing conclusions. He was slow to speak. "I told you, it's fine. Shallow scratches."
"I give you all the Storm Spider," Moriarty says, and his gaze slides towards John, his smile widening into something uncomfortably knowing. "It may not look like much, but believe me, it's the first of its kind. Inside are hundreds of tiny sensors that are designed to be released up into the tornado. From there, they'll transmit back invaluable data on wind speed, air flow, rotation; spinning a beautiful web of information for us to study—"
strongly about," John said. "And that's not even—there's no comparison, really."
Faint strains of Christmas music drifted from the overhead speakers.
An apt enough description.
"Don't stare," Sherlock said, looking vibrant and magnetic and entirely out of place in the musty room with its air of stale cigarette smoke and clinging dust. "I need to get close. Act busy."
John no longer lived at Baker Street. The bland little house they pulled up in front of was puzzling and troubling and entirely unexpected.
"Winston Crane's bereaved husband, yes."
John was angry with him. Had been since Dartmoor.
John lifted his head.
The first case. Christine Thomas and her horse. She was a confident rider and had kept her seat while her inexperienced new husband had been trampled under the hooves.
"Only—" he said, and he pressed his lips together, gave a rueful smile. "I'm a little late. Trouble with on the tube. And now, because of that, poor Molly's birthday is ruined."
John smiles, because Sherlock has set fire to innumerable things in their kitchen, and he has never been overly concerned about Mrs Hudson's reaction. This is theater for John's benefit, and it is not particularly convincing.
Well. People sometimes got tactile when they were high. And as much as he seemed loathe to admit it, Sherlock was human.
" Sarah cried, standing up.
And then they were both laughing, muffled giggles that seemed overloud in the cramped space. John's eyes stung. His breath had gone shaky.
"J—" he gasps. "J—"
here. It's not quiet due to the absence of something."
Except—that didn't quite fit. It wasn't anger. Not entirely, and not all the time. There were stretches of time when John seemed himself, when nothing felt strained or strange.  They worked well together. John tended to display a sense of long-suffering frustration and inexplicable fondness in equal measure. It was only the time in between that had changed—the quiet moments.
When he opened his eyes again, Sherlock was no longer looking at him.
He blinked once, hard, struggled to focus. The room was very bright. There were clouds behind Sherlock, grey clouds, thick and rolling along the far wall.
John opens his mouth.
John had pinched his brow, had looked up at the ceiling. Had forced himself to remain polite while asking: "Do you have any known allergies to
"Clearly someone was waiting for you in the flat," Sherlock said. His voice was faint but insistent.
"Never better," Sherlock said, flashing a brief, false smile.
"Ah, excellent, you've been listening."
He stops, looks down at John. He wants to smile, the urge is nearly irresistible. "John, do keep up."
He arrives outside Rosie's school a half hour ahead of schedule, leans against the fence and tips his face up to the weak sunshine.
He had not heard back from John since he'd sent the picture of Rosie in her ill-fated Christmas dress. Perhaps the skull had been a poor choice for set dressing. More likely, John had been pulled in to his interview and had not had a chance to respond.
"But she read physics at university, she would know that—"
would probably be being forced to spend the rest of it with someone."
He did not sleep.
He picks her up, bounces her a bit. The air is crisp, and her cheeks are red. He kisses the side of her head, her tousled blonde hair.
It was intolerable.
John laughed again, the sound brittle and uncomfortable in his mouth. He shook his head. "Sorry. What?"
John pushes up, and Sherlock rolls off of him without complaint. He stands, ignoring Sherlock's proffered hand.
"He felt badly about that little accident with the sulfuric acid," she says, and she says
He keeps walking. Thinks about the way Sherlock looked, sprawled on the pavement with his blood leaking out of his shattered head. Thinks about all of the weeks and months that he's spent desperately trying to purge that memory from his thoughts.
"You ought to clear your calendar next week," Sherlock said, still not looking up.
"I heard a rumor that they might not renew your grant next year," Moriarty had said to Sherlock, leaning against one of the tables in the laboratory, just a little too close, always just a little too close. "That would be a shame. But, just so you know, there's always room for one more on my team."
"You're uncomfortable," John says. He does not take his eyes from the glass.
He clenched his fist, breathed out, looked up at the ceiling. Waited for his thundering heart to calm.
"What are you—"
Enough time had passed that he'd grown first irritable, then concerned. Perhaps John, despite his steady sure gait, was in fact having second thoughts. Perhaps he'd found himself hesitating, lingering at the bottom of the stairs, regretting having come at all.
Mary was at the foot of his bed, watching him.
The water is warm and insistent, pressing in on all sides. There is a moment of buoyancy, weightless and hovering, and then Sherlock sinks.
"Be careful what you wish for. I've been told I'm a nightmare to live with," Sherlock says into John's neck.
"Yes," Sherlock said, and he meant it.
Or had he?
"Yeah," he said. He looked back at Rosie, watched her struggle against the straps of her highchair. She'd not tolerate being restrained for long. "Um. It's—it's been a while."
"Not usually relevant in our line of work."
The night air was cold, and damp, and he shivered, holding Rosie close as he stuck out his arm to hail a taxi. He could not help but turn back to look up at the warm light glowing in the windows, at the cosy flat that he no longer called home.
"God yes," John says.
"The universe is rarely so lazy," Mycroft said.
"It's one of the things that Mary and I bonded over, actually," Janine said, and she lifted her head, almost a challenge.
John followed his gaze to the front of the pub, where Stella Hopkins had just stepped inside, looking rather bedraggled.
He spotted a taxi, lifted his hand to hail it. He no longer wanted to look at the stars.
"It was too—" John shrugs again. "It was too much. I couldn't. So I kept driving. Stopped when I got tired."
"Warm light."
Rosie screamed in her nursery while he sipped a drink and boxed up Mary's things. He carefully folded her dresses, her shirts.
"Fine," Sherlock said.
"Open it."
John blinked, lifted his head and stared across the room at the unruly mob of children. He sniffed, looked back down at the phone.
He'd never been particularly good at putting that out of his mind. There were some things that were simply not meant to be forgotten.
"John," Sherlock says. He does not step forward, though he wants to. "I never wanted—"
"Well, you could hardly have come here expecting me to thank you," he said.
"Her face," Janine said. "Did you
"Come now, John, even a broken clock is right twice a day."
He held Sherlock's life in those hands.
Well, John had mostly given up trying to decipher the expressions on Sherlock's face. The man was a master of self-control, he gave nothing away.
She shrugged, still smiling, her eyes twinkling. "Expected? No. Hoped? Well—"
there, somewhere, with someone who had
"So it seems."
John looked at him. He could not seem to stop looking.
"Maybe stop running off to confront serial killers on your own, yeah?" John said.
there, because Sherlock's fate was out of his hands.
He scooped some of the eggs into a bowl for Rosie, waited for them to cool. Poured some juice into her sippy cup and set it in front of her. She seized it with both hands, grinned at him.
Easy enough to overlook. Even for Sherlock Holmes.
"Bad news? What's that supposed to mean? Do you know that man?"
The lift dinged and he stepped inside, letting out a breath of air when the doors slid shut behind him. Only then did he turn around.
He'd packed his bags. Finding himself on edge and unhappy with little to do, he'd unpacked them again and refolded all of his shirts. He'd slept poorly. Rosie fussed through the night in the little portable cot next to his bed in the guest room, did not settle for more than a half hour at a time.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table, looked at slides of blood samples from the poisoning case he had just wrapped up. The case had been underwhelming. Disappointing.
"Did he live with us after Musgrave burnt down?"
The dressing room door creaked as Lily made her way out.
The guests took their seats. John took his place next to Sherlock at the altar, shoulders straight, muscles tensed. He very determinedly did not look at Wiggins, dark-eyed and somber in his vicar's robes.
"What?"
He'd moved in his dream, of course. John had helped him. John had—
"You must think I'm a complete idiot," John said.
"Right now?"
"John," Sherlock said, not opening his eyes. "I—"
And if it did, Sherlock wouldn't
"Oh," Sherlock breathed.
He waved his hand, frustrated, thoughts dispersing like mist. He honed in on a handful of shots of the victim with the same woman, equally blonde, equally coiffed.
Sherlock, looking at him in the sitting room at 221B, his face sad and beseeching and open in a way it rarely was. Stitches above his eye.
Sherlock waited. The moment stretched on.
"He was good at it. He—he offered."
Sherlock turned around. Behind him, the rain went on droning against the window glass. "Well," he said. He clapped his hands together, gunshot loud. "That's that, then. Was there anything else?"
He thinks back to the first time he powered on the laptop, the way he'd typed
"Look, I'll—fine. I'll do it. When I get home." John clenched his hand again, scowled. Looked up at the ceiling. "Which I should be doing. Now. We've had a long trip. Rosie's tired."
John paused, his finger on the mouse.
Victoria emerged from the dressing room, and Sherlock swiveled away from Evie to focus on her instead. His voice dropped even lower. He was nearly purring, now. "No, no, no. When one is working with such beautiful art—" he gestured vaguely towards her and she dropped her head, smiled coyly, "—the frame needs to enhance that beauty, not cover it up."
John felt uncomfortably on display. Sometimes he forgot what it was like, having Sherlock's full attention fixed on him.
"I assure you, attempts on my life have been made all over London," he says, after a heavy pause. He tries to smile. "I see no reason to avoid any of those places."
Behind them, the last standing wall gave a pained groan and fell.
It was raining out, and fat cold drops pelted against his face. He turned left, turned right, looked for any sign of the man he'd followed.
Mycroft lit a cigarette. The end glowed in the darkness. He did not offer one to Sherlock.
"That was one of the longest nights of my life," John said, his voice cutting into Sherlock's thoughts. He kept his gaze fixed on the window.
"Christ," John said, and shut his eyes.
He blinked, looked from his half-drained beer to Jeanette's expectant face.
"Then we'll go home," he says, aiming for placating. The papers—still unsigned—are folded and tucked in his pocket, an uncomfortable bulging square in the denim of his jeans. He will not forget them.
It was good to see it occupied.
"Were you ever coming back?" John asks. "If I hadn't—if we hadn't run into each other here. Would you have come back?"
John had said.
"What are you working on?" John had asked, hesitating, wanting to go ahead and get their inevitable row over why he couldn't just ditch his plans based on Sherlock's whims over with.
Too close.
Dr Reddy, one of the partners, stood in the doorway. She smiled at him, though it was a tight smile, pinched with concern.
"You've done well so far."
John stood up, squared his shoulders. Thought about the way Sherlock's face had looked in the moonlight. Thought about everything he'd wanted to say, everything he'd wanted to do. Thought about what he
John looked back down at the box in his hand, at the twin ring to Sherlock's band. His head felt light, far away. He sat down at the kitchen table. The chair legs squeaked against the lino.
The door was ajar.
John straightened up, looked at Sherlock, oddly touched.
"Yeah," he said. "Figured. With the—you know. Dress."
"That's twice what it's worth."
he thought, a little desperately.
"Right," he said. He looked over her shoulder at the wreckage. The street had been cordoned off, but the scene had acquired more than its fair share of onlookers. He looked back at her, shrugged, smiled again. "Sure."
"I'm not—" John frowned, looked down at the table again. His fingers traced over the faint scars in the wood. "It's just an interview. I've not made any decisions."
"John," he slurs, and he is urged back towards the ground. His cheek presses against the pavement and blood pools around his head and he wishes, for a moment, that he'd missed the airbag entirely.
"As I said, selling the illusion."
His voice was overloud in the heavy vacant quiet of the flat. He swallowed, suddenly conscious of the sound of his own breathing, his heartbeat in his chest.
concessions to Janine's wishes, or no one would believe she'd still marry me."
Sherlock did not step back.
Sherlock let the door slam behind him. He stripped out of his rain-damp coat, hung it on the hook in the hall. His suit jacket had largely been spared, but his hair was a sodden mess.
And oh, Christ, but that must be him, standing there at Sherlock's shoulder, looking down at something on the screen of Sherlock's phone. Tall and bespectacled and far too good-looking to be a research scientist (and John had not been aware that he maintained an attractiveness standard for research scientists, but it appeared he certainly did).
Sherlock waits, and listens. John's steps on the stairs, slow, weary. Rosie is whinging, but it is a halfhearted whinge, and she will likely leave off once John sets her back on the ground.
he decides, though the thought is not accompanied by any particular sense of alarm. It is not ticking, which he supposes should be a relief.
Sherlock frowned at him. "Why would she care?"
"You know my methods."
"Thanks for that," John flashed a quick, sharp smile, turned away. "Any more special requests, or am I allowed to finish shopping in peace?"
"Hang on," John said, panting a bit as he jogged to catch up. "That's not my dog. I don't think—"
he posted on Alice's feed. He added a winking face and a wine glass emoji.
"You've misunderstood me," Sherlock says. "You've misunderstood everything. Not surprising—you
John went into the kitchen, stood frowning at the takeaway bag. "I'm going to heat this."
He sat up, uneasy. The sheets next to him had long gone cool.
He fears he is always to be defined by missing Sherlock, he misses him all the time, but he misses him most acutely in that moment, crouched there over a corpse in a windswept field. He sees pieces, but not the whole, never the whole. Sherlock could look at the scene in front of him and reveal all its secrets.
"Please," Sherlock says. "Even you can't have mistaken that for love."
"Not as far as I know."
"Jesus," he said, and then he was running, his chest burning and the taste of copper at the back of his throat.
Quiet was not something that John had ever wanted. Not really.
An icy February rain beat relentlessly against the windows. The weather meant Mycroft would have had to use his ever-present umbrella. The thought was nearly enough to make Sherlock smile. Mycroft
"Dull."
"It's a valuable animal," Gregory says. "All that research Simpson was doing, for his 'book.' The perfect cover, really, when you think about it. He'd familiarised himself with the routines, and then made his move. Straker must have surprised him as he was leading the horse across the field."
"I'd already deduced it," he said.
He stepped forward, put a hesitant trembling hand on John's shoulder. John reached up immediately to clasp it, his grip iron strong.
"So," John says. "A medical student . . . removed a cadaver from the laboratory,
"Hi," he said. He took off his coat, bent to pick her up. She fussed at the touch of his cold hands, but nestled her head into the crook of his neck.
"You'll be looking for a place to live," he'd said, finally.
"No," John says. "Just—she was in a bad place, when you met her. And there are—um. There are a million people out there who might have—taken advantage of that. You didn't. You gave her a place to live, and—" He stops, looks down at the ground.
John and Mary's wedding is going perfectly. Then Major James Sholto stands up and objects.
"So I did."
The room was dark. He did not bother to turn on a light. Instead, he slipped out of his coat and threw himself into his chair, leaping up again as the seat crinkled in protest beneath him.
"No," John said. "He won't."
She'd shrugged, said nothing.
"What are you talking about?" John asked.
Janine took a step towards him. John slipped in between them, held up his hands.
"Thought you were going to go around back and unlock the door."
a day. Almost a compliment, that."
"Oh," he says, wanting badly to accept her offer. He fears it would be terribly rude. "Erm—"
John lets his hand drop. His expression is bemused. Sherlock wants badly to kiss him.
to your sister about the wedding?"
"Then what?" Sherlock is tired of this, all of this
Then:
"I don't—" Sherlock stopped, frowned again, shook his head. "I don't understand. When we last spoke, you were—there was a ring—?"
John took a breath, opened the door.
"Janine," Sherlock said, turning to look at her. He was smiling, his eager smile, his game-is-on smile, and John's chest clenched at the realization that it wasn't for him.
Moriarty is grinning, even in death. It is a mad grin, made all the more unsettling by the empty black eyes. A dark, wet crown has pooled around his shattered head.
it, and he was determined to stick with it regardless of—
"No," John agreed. "She's an adult."
to talk about it, or I'm going to—" he took a breath, looked up at the ceiling. Thought of Janine  saying
Still, he knows his role, and he steps into it.
from what happened that day—"
After tea, she bid farewell to Rosie. John handed her her coat. They stood together in the hallway, regarding each other in the dim light.
"Sarah," he said, going back out into the hall.
John ploughed on. "Because you might not care, it might just be a joke to you, but to me, it was—" he laughed humourlessly, stared up at the low ceiling. The tiles were dirty, strung with cobwebs.
into his search bar, scrolled through the results.
Sherlock mouths.
Sherlock breathed out hard, his breath tickling John's lips. He looked a bit dazed, his pale eyes unfocused. "You said," he breathed. "You said it helped, sometimes. To know that someone was there. Waiting."
John's hand fell away. Sherlock stood, went out the door without looking back.
"It's raining," John added.
John cleared his throat, perhaps a bit loudly for the room. He went back to his chair. Rosie toddled over to join him, clinging on to his leg, rubbing her eyes. She was tired. It was getting on past her bedtime.
John startles, looks at him. Holds out his hands in a helpless
Harry had warned him, after all, but she was really the last person fit to be doling out relationship advice.
Sherlock's coat, he realized absently, reaching up with shaking fingers to rub at the wool. Sherlock had covered him with his coat. They were crowded together in the back seat of a taxi. His heated forehead slumped against the cool windowglass.
"Not this one," Rosie said, looking back over her shoulder.
"You're not angry with me," he said, speaking slowly, relaxing his defensive posture.
Sherlock thought of salt air, of rambling gardens, the soothing hum of the apiary. "I'd hoped," he said.
The air was humid, damp. A faint smell of mould clung to the walls.
"I'd apologize for lying to you," she said. "But—"
John is aching and burning and imploding and Sherlock's soft hand cupping the back of his neck is gentle and steady and so terribly, terribly wrong.
"Just like the others." His phone buzzed in his pocket and he fished it out, frowned down at it.
She snapped her gum. She was always snapping gum. It drove the partners mad, but none of them had spoken to her about it. John did not particularly mind either way.
had it all under control; he'd been quietly gathering evidence and recording interactions the whole time, had clocked on to Moriarty from the very beginning while John was left simmering in a bitter stew of resentment.
"I don't know what you're trying to do," John said, his voice low. "But stop it. Just—just stop it."
His hands were shaking.
"DO YOU LIKE HIM? DO YOU?!" Rosie bellows, unable to take the quiet any longer. She grabs onto Sherlock's arm and lets her feet kick off the ground, dangling for a moment before letting go.
"But?" Sherlock prompted.
"What are you all doing here?" He looks to Mrs Hudson first, but she ducks her head and avoids his eye.
"I'm Googling."
"Ah." Sherlock looked away. He did not know what to say.
"What?" John, hopelessly confused, now. Inexplicably, it made Sherlock feel fond rather than impatient. "Your brother? What about him?"
John glanced over Lily and Evie, who were watching with twin expressions of amusement. And then he looked to Janine, who seemed—well. Not amused.
Initially posted
"Yes," Sherlock said, and he was smiling a little bit now, just the barest pull at the edge of his mouth.
His face is hot. His heart thuds unsteadily in his chest. He can feel Sherlock's eyes on him, that clear penetrating gaze.
"Your sister," John had said, when it seemed that Sherlock might not continue.
"Oh, don't worry. I'm in the habit of collecting secrets, not divulging them. It was a bit of a shock, you know, hearing he'd gone out like that," she said. Her voice softened into something contemplative. "It's my experience that men like Sherlock Holmes don't tend to live very long—far too reckless, if you know what I mean. But something never quite felt right about the way he did it. I
"Yes, and—"
They moved quickly down the aisle, and then Sherlock threw out his hand, stopping John in his tracks.
"Upset me?" John shook his head, made a scoffing sound. Looked at the ceiling. "No, of course not. Why would—what could you have possibly said to upset me?"
Sherlock nodded back, a bit bewildered. Perhaps the deflection had merely been a delay.
When he opened them again, Olivia had responded.
"You could claim self-defense."
"Right," John said. He took another sip of his tea, slid his left hand off the table to curl against his leg. He seemed to think that did a fair job of disguising the tremor.
"Receptiveness," John said. It took a moment to sink in. "You mean my receptiveness. My—you followed me?"
Allie stopped crumbling her scone, wiped her hands on a napkin. "What do you mean?"
He went on looking at the stairs.
John raises his brows, tucks his chin in a bit. "Sherlock Holmes, patron saint of sharks."
she'd posted not two days after the bouquet incident.
"Oh," Sherlock had said, because he could think of nothing else. It emerged as barely a whisper, just a puff of air between his lips.
he thought, and then he thought of that ring, that lovely, well-suited,
seems like a bit of an exaggeration—"
Sherlock stood silent for a moment, processing that.
He never should have—
"Don't let anyone around here catch you saying that," John smiled. "They're likely to cancel your grant money."
"My hands," John managed. He tore his gaze away from Sherlock, struggled against his bindings. "The chair. It must have broken when I fell, but I'm still—"
"He's in love with you, too," she said. The teasing lilt had gone out of her voice and she regarded him with serious eyes. "Desperately. In case you didn't already know that. He's been—struggling with it. For a long time."
"Ah," he said. He swallowed. "The dress."
"My battery is running low," Sherlock said. "I should save it. I'll need to make contact with Mycroft."
John cleared his throat. His eyes were red-rimmed and a little wild.
was what he'd said, and he'd offered his hand. Rosie had taken it, had jumped down from the bench with a little huff of effort.
"Right, yeah," Greg said, and offered a conspiratorial little wink. "Might have lied to him a bit to get him here."
"He's a good teacher," he said. "Well. You already know that. But I didn't. At the time."
" and throws a sock in his direction as he enters the room. Undeterred, he scoops her up, carries her kicking and screaming down the hall and back to the gated off area in the sitting room.
Sherlock breathed out, and warm air whispered past John's ear.
"Right," John said. Of course Sherlock had opponents. He brought his hand up, pinched at the bridge of his nose. Let his hand drop back down to his side. "Come on, then. Get out of those wet clothes."
"I'M STARVING!" Rosie shouts from the kitchen, and Buc barks as if in agreement.
A retort dies on Sherlock's lips. He cannot seem to maintain the fiction that all is well, cannot go on bantering with John as if this is not the end. He's already done this. Doing it again is tantamount to torture. He looks past John, stares hard at the plane that is to take him away.
"John!" Greg called, winding his way through the crowd, arm outstretched. "Glad you could make it!"
"Well," Sherlock said. "It's your wedding day. An—old flame—" he nearly choked on the words, "—interrupted the ceremony in order to attempt to win back your favour."
Sherlock is in the kitchen with Rosie. She is bright-eyed and cheerful, contentedly consuming a sliced banana. She has slept well.
When he returns to the flat, there is a man sitting in the comfortable chair by the fire. He startles at Sherlock's approach, makes to stand, stumbles. He grasps ineffectually at a metal cane propped against the armrest.
Blood roared in his ears. John seemed quite far away, his voice tinny, distant, inconsequential.
The room was not neat the way that Sherlock typically kept his bedroom. It more resembled the mild chaos that occurred when they'd been forced to travel outside of London, to spend the night on unfamiliar ground. Sherlock had a tendency to begin unpacking with some zeal, only to be distracted by his own thoughts midway through his task and leave his suitcase open, belongings strewn about.
Sherlock nodded. He did not open his eyes. "Yes."
"How does this work, exactly?" Sally asks, looking between them. "Is he blackmailing you?"
"Yep. Great. Yeah. Glad we're getting all of the awkward parts over with."
There was no blood in the flat, and no corpse. John had left the flat with his assailant, possibly drugged, possibly injured, but almost certainly coerced in some way. He'd not have left Rosie behind willingly, and no murderer would have bothered to creep in via fire escape but then leave through the front door with a dead man in tow. And—regardless of the neighbors' apparent indifference to crying children and loud noises—it was doubtful that anyone dragging a body through the halls of a crowded apartment block would have gone entirely unnoticed.
Sherlock shifted, made a smacking sound with his lips that John tried and failed not to find charming. His pale eyes blinked open.
There was still time. He didn't have to make a decision just yet.
"Of course it's mine," Sherlock said. He stood from the sofa and marched over to his chair, carton in hand. Rosie clambered down from the sofa and followed, hands outstretched.
John had gone out alone into the night that first Christmas after Sherlock had—after he'd died. After he'd held out his hand and said goodbye from a rooftop and dashed himself against the cold ground.
"She's not in my way."
that it's important.
Well. That explained the desire to throw things and shout.
John threw what he hoped was an encouraging smile in Wiggins' direction.
"Mm, I think I'll recover."
Because he hadn't cared. Not about John, not really. It had taken John more than five years to figure it out—in spite of ample warning—but he'd gotten there eventually.
"I don't know what—"
He looked down at the screen. Blinked.
"MI6?" Her voice was incredulous. "Certainly not. Although I am very well-connected. A lady has to look after her own interests, wouldn't you agree?"
Christ, he had spent years wanting.
He took his first bite directly from the container. Stood hunched over the counter, chewing mechanically until his fork scraped against plastic. He tried not to think about Sherlock. It seemed like he was always, always trying not to think about Sherlock.
"John," he said, and he looked shocked.
John turned towards the counter, the moment lost. "It's all right, Harry. I'm just—helping out. Be right there."
"Good morning," he said, finally.
"No."
"I didn't need the onion," she said. Her voice was tight. She marched past him and into her little bathroom. The lock clicked.
He sighed, and the newsagent looked up. Raised his brows.
"I'm the one who should be asking you that."
If she truly wants to run, he'll not be able to stop her. She'll be able to shuck her disguise and melt into the evening crowds before he could possibly catch up with Rosie in tow.
Even as he spoke he knew that wasn't quite true. The city had a beating heart, like Sherlock had said. It breathed and shifted and changed. Sherlock had come home to find that home wasn't quite the same anymore. The same thing had happened to John when he'd returned from Afghanistan. It had left him reeling. Floundering. Helpless and lost.
"Can't you make an educated guess?" she stood up from the chair, prowled towards him. He lifted his eyes to the ceiling and she laughed. "What's the matter? Have I made you uncomfortable?"
"I was hoping we'd have a chance to chat privately. I've heard so much about you," Victoria purred. "How you see
Sherlock looked somewhat taken aback. "I do not."
Sherlock sat stiff-shouldered in the driver's seat. He did not turn his head. He did not speak. He barely seemed to breathe.
what he's been up to all this time? My, how the mighty have fallen." She hummed lightly, a thoughtful little sound. "It doesn't suit him at all, that sort of work."
"Suppose I should be glad to hear he's still alive," Sherlock said softly. "I had begun to wonder."
Worth a try, he thought.
At some point, John took him by the arm, led him away through the tall grass, back to the car. He'd not said a word. Or perhaps he had, and Sherlock had simply filtered him out. He was not entirely sure.
He couldn't very well just
"We should go inside," he said.
Henry growled again.
Sherlock did not speak.
She huddled on the step, fidgeted with the sleeves of her dress. Peered up at his face and waited for him to speak.
"Hope you weren't too hard on Wiggins when you tossed him out. Not his fault."
"Planning on doing a bit of sightseeing?" Mycroft asked, inclining his head towards the Bluebell Railway advertisement.
"You're not here," he said.
April was in the doorway, the patient behind her. She was frowning at him, turning to follow his gaze to the empty space against the wall where Mary stood.
He notices Sherlock noticing him.
"Sherlock Holmes is dead," she said, but the fury had gone out of her voice, her words thin and disingenuous.
"Best not upset her."
Sherlock opened his eyes.
"That's rich, coming from you," John said, and then he let himself give in, the laughter bubbling up from somewhere deep in his chest. Everything around him was warm and slightly blurry. He could not recall the last time he felt this lighthearted.
"That's me," John said, lifting his hand and smiling tightly. He pointed to the door. "Yeah. Sorry about that, I'm just going to—"
The truth of it was written in Molly's briefly glimpsed face, twisted and apologetic. And it had, Sherlock supposed, been written in John's face as well the day before, uncomfortable and grim.
" Mycroft said. He tapped the tip of his umbrella against the floor. "Not anymore." He paused, his expression troubled. "This was personal."
"Mary," he says, and in spite of his best efforts something of the bewildered desperation that had kept him up half the night drinking must emerge in his voice.
"You're a doctor," Sherlock snapped, stubbornly avoiding John's gaze. "Work it out." He dropped down into the seat next to John. Hesitated, just a moment, before wrapping an arm around John's shoulders.
That was good, that was
"Wait," Janine said. "What's wrong with chocolate?"
"We're supposed to be—well, I don't know, exactly what it is we're meant to be doing. Coming up with some sort of plan, yeah?"
And John knew he should not encourage this, he shouldn't slip one hand up into Sherlock's wind-tousled hair and pull him even closer, he shouldn't angle himself with his back against the cold metal railing so that he could stop wasting valuable energy on the struggle to remain upright and instead focus on the soft inexpert press of Sherlock's lips against his own, the warm humid puffs of Sherlock's breath against his face, the tentative slide of Sherlock's tongue, the heat of Sherlock's skin through the thin material of his shirt where John's other hand had come to rest at the small of his back.
Sherlock's head snapped up and he fixed him with that unnervingly penetrating stare. "You're no longer employed."
"Come on," he says to Mary. "Let's go."
Mary stirs against the window, sits up. He watches her, out of the corner of his eye, as she regards the monotonous scenery.
"Well," she said, lifting her gaze again. She smiled.
"Wasn't expecting you to be in there, though," John says. "
"You're going to have to go through with this, aren't you?" John asked.
"So she's not nice?"
"You know, we waited her out that time when she was thirteen," John said. His voice was mild, conversational. "When she ran away. That was your call, and it was the right one."
He looks up from a study of decomposing tongues. Frowns.
He glanced towards the stairs, then back at her, immediately suspicious. "What is it? What aren't you telling me?"
"After a period of careful consideration, I determined that a week was insufficient," Sherlock said. He spoke staring at the ring box in John's hand.
"Shh," he told her, a little desperately. "One more stop, and then we'll go home. I promise."
John had said, and had turned away without making eye contact,  had carried Rosie up the stairs to his room without another word.
One rainy morning when Rosie was six years old, Sherlock had looked out the window at the steady traffic on Baker Street. He'd watched the cars, and the people, and did not stir until one of Mycroft's dark cars pulled up to the kerb.
"She went to him with my message. Not to you."
"John," Harry said. "How did everything go? I don't need details, but—"
"Friend of yours?" Sherlock asked, his voice close and quiet.
"Just your table. The owner owes me a favour. Got him off a murder charge."
John's own words caught up to him. He shut his eyes, pressed his hand to his forehead. Breathed out through his nose. The world swam around him, tilting on its axis. He'd had far too much to drink. He hadn't meant to say that. He hadn't meant to say any of it.
"They've cleared your name in the papers," John said. He'd finished his fish and was eating the chips slowly as he walked, carton cradled against his chest, licking hot salt from his own chilled fingers.
Rosie has climbed up into John's chair and commenced with a vigorous bouncing. The springs squeal.
Nothing.
There was no sign of Sherlock, or Janine, or her bridesmaids.
"Sure," he said. He held up his hands in a placating gesture. "I could always—"
"John's laptop." He turned in a circle, scanned the room. "It wasn't in his bedroom, and it's not here. Where is it?"
"Oh?" he tried to sound interested. He did not know why Harry thought he'd care about her neighbor.
"I, um," John said. He shivered, in spite of himself. The air inside the car was quite cold, even with Sherlock pressed close, even with the warm weight of the blanket and the coat. "Just. Listen, all right? What happened last year. What I did to you. The things I said. That wasn't—it wasn't excusable."
Pete had been right under their noses the whole time.
"In case Baker Street got too quiet."
It hadn't been Scotland Yard, he thinks. It had been him. He'd done it. He'd done it with that machine.
The night had taken on a warm, hazy quality.
at home.
Mycroft went very still.
She'd stared at him for a long time. Long enough that he'd wondered what might come next—more profanity, or the swing of a fist. Her knuckles were red. It would not be her first punch of the night.
"There are plenty of inns in Tavistock," she says, looking him up and down. "Nicer places than this. The only reason anyone ever stays here is because of the horses." She seems to find his confusion amusing and winks at him. "The rooms overlook King's Pyland stables."
"But it didn't turn out that way," Sherlock cut in. "One kick to the head and Christopher Thomas leaves the ceremony in a body bag. Tell me—why take it further? You'd got away with it. No one had reason to suspect you."
Christ, how had it all gone so wrong?
that it's not rational."
Sherlock twitched, glanced at John. He was frowning. "What've you done to my wall?"
John listened, tried to hear past his own crashing pulse, the ragged sound of Sherlock's breathing. There were voices, footsteps. Going away or coming closer? It was hard to say, with the way the sound carried in the thick fog.
He'd realized, there in the snow, that he wanted to hear whatever it was that John was not saying. John, who had looked at him with such a strange and fond expression on the stairs and had said
It would be a fine life. Stable. Respectable. Comfortable. The kind of life that anyone would be lucky to lead.
"You were going to shoot him."
And now John was gone.
It was almost three hours before he heard movement, the hiss of the pneumatic doors. He lifted his head, looked up at the guard hesitantly approaching the glass.
"I think I'll try nice, this year," he said. He made sure the cap was on the bottle, stooped to tuck it away back in Mrs Hudson's little liquor cabinet.
"No," Sherlock said. He seemed unable to properly control his breathing. "Fear is a perfectly logical response to dangerous situations."
Eight minutes. The average arrival time for an ambulance.
"Sit down."
"I was—" he breathed out hard. "I was angry. I—I
"Red is
"How did you get this number?"
Mary pressed her lips together, did not answer.
But John knows these skies, and he knows Sherlock. He has been following the forecasts and weather reports. It has been an active week. Sherlock, who loves tornadoes like he loves nothing else on earth, will have positioned himself in close proximity to the anticipated outbreak.
He could run for the rest of his life, he thought. After a while, it wouldn't even feel like running any more. A nice flat, unchallenging work at a cosy practice, watching Rosie grow and become part of the community around her. Maybe a woman like Gemma by his side.
of them. Certainly not an employee who has contact with animals as part of their job description. And given the number of signs and flashing screens and posters plastered all over the place with "helpful" facts, he doubts anyone could remain so profoundly uninformed for long.
"Kidding on the greeting," Mary said. "Very serious about the coffee."
"John!"
John nods slowly. He studies Sherlock as surreptitiously as he can, but he is almost certain the other man is aware of it. There is very little that escapes Sherlock's attention.
a soldier," John said. He frowned. "How did you know that?"
"One day," he says, firmer this time. He meets Sherlock's gaze again, holds it. "I'll give you one day. One day to get Redbeard in the air."
"What was that all about?"
"Yet here you are."
"Exactly. Knew you'd catch up."
John blew out a breath of air through his teeth. It might have been a laugh, but he put no humour into it. "How could I possibly get hurt?"
"Oh?" Sherlock asked, leaning in, his lip curling up into a smile that looked alien and unwelcome on his face. Even his voice did not sound like his own. "Is that so?"
"Well," Lestrade said. "That's where the
"Pretty sure Sarah's going to sack you," Mary said. Then she winced, covered her mouth with her hand. "Sorry."
"Mm," Sherlock said. "Think I'll be taking a break from the spy business for a while. Not really my area."
He took Rosie to a toddler playgroup, watched her tumble around with other children her age. He did not speak to the other parents there—mostly mothers—and they, in turn, gave him a wide berth.
Sherlock frowned. "It's half ten."
A dream, then. Was that what it had been? Was he truly so lonely, so desperate for attention that two nights apart from his mad flatmate had sent him crawling into Sherlock's empty bed? That he'd dreamed up a Sherlock turned pliant and needy, a chaste kiss and an opportunity to be chivalrous and protective, all at once? A chance to play the hero?
"He wasn't breaking into a flat with a knife, he was fleeing the scene of a murder
There was a firm knock at his door. Sarah opened it without waiting for him to respond.
"Oh," John says, and he smiles. "Good."
"For five years."
Mycroft's parting words. He'd not been entirely wrong.
Insufferable groom persona firmly in place. The game was back on, it seemed.
"Then why are you here?"
"Ah," she said. "I've still got some last-minute things I need to get."
"John!"
"Great," John said. "Yeah. All right. Because that clears everything up." His knees had begun to ache and he shifted against the rough grey carpeting, looked at Mycroft.
John sat up straight. "What?"
The North Pennines, John thought. That's what Evan had once told him. He'd grown up on his family farm in the North Pennines.
The lab coat hid the drops of dried blood on his shirt. It wasn't perfect, but it would have to do.
He'd accepted losing John as the price of saving him, but what if that had been wrong, what if he should have—
"Oh, it was a very good price," Mycroft had said, his voice grave. "Though I'm not entirely sure it was worth it, in the end."
Sherlock had stared back. He'd been unable to look away.
Lestrade sighed. "All right, if you say so."
Sherlock made an offended sound.
It hadn't gone to plan.
"Since you left. Died. Whatever."
More than happy, he thought. Relieved. Proud. Present in his life in a way she had not been for many years. He found himself surprisingly eager to speak to her.
"That I simply don't want to," Sherlock said.
John thinks.
"No," she said softly.
Sherlock made a sound that might have been a chuckle, lifted his drink again.
"You make it sound so obvious."
He smiled, a tired half smile that he could not have stopped if he'd tried.
Sherlock's jaw dropped. "Hysterics?"
Sherlock has let go of the beam entirely. The wind whips his hair as he struggles to his feet, takes a staggering step towards the truck.
Silence fell between them. It was an odd silence, uncomfortable. He had not shared many uncomfortable silences with John until Dartmoor. They were becoming more frequent, now. He did not much care for it.
Sherlock gave a frustrated huff. "What more do you want? A formal invitation? A rental agreement? Champagne?"
orbited his life, but this
"Wind," he said, because it seemed important. His voice was slurred, his tongue heavy and sluggish in his mouth. "East wind."
But he wouldn't take her back into his home, into his bed, into his life.
"He was a convenient tool, that's all."
"It's fine," John said, without opening his eyes. His voice sounded strained.
"You don't really owe me an explanation," he said. "We hardly know each other. I'm just—" he paused, let out a rueful little chuckle. "Nobody, really. And you're just off saving the world. Or something."
John responds with confusion. There is no lingering trace of anger in his voice.
"What?"
"Lazarus," he said. "Tell them the message is from Lazarus."
Sherlock made an aborted motion with his hand. Swallowed. "Lots to do," he said.
"She called just as I was leaving work," John said, and it all clicked into place—John's late return, his distracted demeanor, his disinterest in the case. "Told me about a practice she and her husband had started out in Bristol. They're looking to add a third. My name came up."
Moriarty was still slumped on the floor where he'd fallen, face frozen in its rictus of surprise. His blood had splashed across the bland painting of trees that John had spent years loathing.
He turned away from the door. Hung his coat on the peg, went up the stairs.
"Sarah called. Do you remember Sarah?"
The flats she'd sent him were fine. No better or worse than the Chelmsford ones he'd looked at. More expensive, certainly, but he'd manage.
"Sherlock," John said, his voice low.
"You know that's not what I'm saying."
He thought about the cocaine he'd stashed away underneath a false bottom in his pants drawer. Molly could be distracted, he knew. She was sharp-eyed but generally more trusting than John. At some point, she'd let her guard down. He could make a game of it, see how much he could take before she noticed.
Sherlock patted helplessly at her back, turned to study his surroundings as he did so. The top bar of the cot was chipped, worn in places. He bent to look closer.
"No," he said.
John was not quite sure what, exactly, that said about him, but he was quite sure the final answer was not
"Hello, John," he says.
"No."
this. It is best for all of them, in the end. If they can call an end to this ill-advised cohabitation before their friendship deteriorates completely, there will still be something left of it to salvage.
"Because it seems to me," Mycroft continued. "That you could have avoided this entire mess by allowing things to run their natural course. Surely you must know the statistics on divorce in this country."
"Wait!"
Found himself standing in front of John's door.
you are!" Lestrade staggered up against the back of the booth, his face flushed and cheerful. "Thought we'd lost you."
"We're dead," Sherlock says. He smiles, a genuine, unbidden thing. "Well. I'm dead. You could be dead. If you want to be."
"So," John said. "You two aren't—"
"Sherlock—"
"Because you're my friend," John said. "Because I—" he cut himself off, looked away.
"So. Irene, then," he said. The words seemed loud, harsh in the close quiet. He wanted to yank them back.
"You wanted to know why I felt guilty, yeah?" he said, and he took a swallow of scotch, then another. Set the half-empty glass back down on the counter. "I went halfway around the world to bring you home, Mary, and I was going to tell you it was over."
Mimicking him.
He drew the laptop out from its shadowy hiding place. It was warm to the touch.
The man's face, which moments before had been blandly irritated, hardened. "No."
Sherlock leaned back to get a good look at John's face, smiled a little. They both turned, almost as one, to look at Rosie.
John jerks upright, turns. His heart slams against his ribs.
something. Someone depended on him.
"Where are you?" John asked. Lazarus's eyes were slipping closed again. He seemed to be losing consciousness.
There were the memories of his own stag night to contend with, of course. Hazy and indistinct, warm and comfortable and vaguely alarming.
Sherlock had said, and he'd been right. God help him, he
Rosie slides into her usual chair. Her little hands are clumsy around the chopsticks and Sherlock stands behind her, patiently shows her again how to use them. John uses a fork.
And he thought about the look on her face in his dingy little kitchen, thought about her saying
John blinks. "What?"
He looked away. Bent to rummage in the bag.
Sherlock had circulated Hattie's photograph to his homeless network. It had not taken them long.
John sits down in his chair, balancing Rosie on his lap. He flips open his little notebook, grimaces as Rosie immediately grabs for it.
The thought of a secret hiding place had appealed to him greatly, and he'd carefully dragged the bits of rotting wood back over the gaping mouth of the well.
The jutting, razor-sharp teeth affect a ferocious appearance, but they are considered a docile species.
"The phone, please," she said.
John felt eyes on him and looked up, frowned suspiciously down the empty aisle.
Originally posted
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Look at it. It's a chef's knife. An expensive one, at that. No one would carry that around for a bit of housebreaking."
John groaned and kissed him again. There was nothing else he could do.
"Sorry," he said without looking back. "I'll call. For another appointment. Some other time."
And that had been fine. Because even if
"It's the lilies," Sherlock hissed at him in the second shop, ducking his face too close, his breath ghosting against John's ear. "The pink ones. Stargazers. They are especially fragrant and you have a mild intolerance. It's fairly common. Many people find the scent overwhelming, particularly in an enclosed space."
He sat up, lunging for the bedside lamp, as another shape fell from the rafters, and then another, and another. Even before the room burst into light, he knew.
John frowned, Victoria's bizarrely brazen behaviour in the dress shop finally coalescing into something that made sense. "And she's still—still at it? After all this time?"
"Are you going to answer that?"
Sherlock turned towards her and John took a half step back, the laughter dying in his throat. His face heated. He felt inexplicably guilty, as though she'd caught him doing something inappropriate.
"And you're able to get that from watching me sit alone at a table, drinking wine?"
Baker Street had been warm. He had missed it, while he was away. He'd thought it strange, that he'd grown so attached to a physical location. It had seemed rather dangerously close to sentiment. But he had. He had missed it.
"It was a bit of a—a bit of a
"Hey, Billy! John's back!" Sally shouts, waving her hand towards the trucks.
He was no stranger to boredom, to restlessness, but this was—
He spent three days camped in Molly's tiny flat. Spiders spun webs in dusty corners as he sat, fingers tented under his chin, thinking. Planning.
A lie, and not even a particularly good one. Sherlock wondered, sometimes, why he bothered. Perhaps he simply wanted the practice.
He rubbed at his face again, stood up. Groaned as his stomach took a moment to resettle itself. He went to the door and opened it.
Christine seemed genuine, he thought. A woman touched by tragedy who was making an effort to rejoin the world around her. Not an easy thing to do. He would know.
John sucked in a breath, his stomach dropping even as he registered the hint of amusement in Sherlock's voice, the barest suggestion of a smile pulling at the edges of his lips.
Evan Bell watched him with solemn eyes from alleyways, from bus stops, from shop doorways; a silent spectre amidst roiling crowds of people. He never said a word.
Sherlock's bedroom door was closed.
"This morning."
"In any case, sharks would make for a terribly unreliable corpse disposal system."
John looked at Sherlock. Thought about him saying
be helped.
"The one that killed him?"
He nodded, looked down. In his arms, Rosie wriggled and strained, oblivious to his distress.
"You didn't."
"What about that doctor?" Harry tapped her fingers on the table, looked up at the ceiling. "Um—Samantha—?"
"The lack of a romantic entanglement in spite of the clear attraction and the fact that both main characters clearly have no one else in their lives of similar importance?"
he wondered, and not for the first time.
"Ah, excellent," he said. "I'd hoped your fever had broken."
"Mm," she said. "So, go on. Impress me. What do you see?"
His fingers came up against familiar wool. He froze. Blinked. Curled his hands around the fabric without withdrawing it from the bag.
"No," he said flatly. "It's not an option. It never really was."
She took a small step forward, then another, though she did not move within striking range. The barrel of her gun gleamed under the overhead fluorescents.
Sherlock grinned. A real grin, a private grin. It was delightful, that smile. It made John feel warm inside.
Sherlock struggled to sit up, opened his mouth, and John clamped his hand over it, hooking his chin over Sherlock's shoulder, pulling him back against the damp brick. He was breathing hard, heart thundering.
"Whom."
Sherlock said, circling around, skirting ever closer but not touching. His voice was flat, his face expressionless.
He lowered himself carefully. Down. Down. The stone was icy against his skin. He was very conscious of the sound of his own breathing, his own heartbeat. John watched him, his worried face backlit by the slowly lightening sky.
He sagged, pressed his hands against the edge of the sink to catch his weight. He was tired. He was so very tired.
John's smile felt frozen on his face. "Sherlock? Showed up? At—at Slaney's?"
John reached for the door of the Baker Street flat at eight-thirty, the garment bag with his suit in it slung over his shoulder. He paused for a moment with his fingertips against the worn wood, looked around.
John thinks with a flare of guilt, but it is too late, the screen is melting and smoking and he lurches back from the little desk with his hands held out in an attempt to shield his face.
Sherlock reluctantly takes the bag from his outstretched hand, careful not to let their fingers brush.
Smiling faces on all of them.
John huffed a laugh, shook his head. "After—him. There's only one person in my life that I've ever felt
He'd been hasty. Rushed. Not entirely in control.
Spiders in the alley. The two men, grabbing at him, laughing as they dragged him from his hiding place.
Four days later, Sarah agreed to meet him for coffee.
There was a breeze. The sound of birds, of light traffic. John turned his head, slowly, and looked at the sliding glass door.
"Don't—" Sherlock said, but it was too late. John had answered.
He wondered what was going on in 221B. He wondered what Janine had thought of Sherlock's stunt with Victoria, if they'd planned it ahead or if she'd been as surprised as John. He wondered how far Sherlock was taking it.
Sherlock watched him go. Closed his eyes.
"Fine," Harry said. "I'll be clearer. I always thought he was gay. As in gay. As in likes men. Is
There had been people—he'd hated that, usually, but he hadn't minded. Not much. John had been stumbling and bumbling and trying to avoid offending his date, just one of the steady parade of ill-suited women he'd insisted on chasing. And there had been a mystery, a fine one, giftwrapped and left on the mantel courtesy of Irene Adler.
After dinner, Rosie sprawls out on the sitting room floor with her homework. Sherlock retreats to his chair. They do not light a fire, though the warmth of the afternoon has long worn off and there is still a bite of lingering winter in the evening air.
He’d been asked that before, of course. And he’d never understood why. They lived in a big rambling manor house, with long hallways that echoed his footsteps in pleasing ways. There were rooms filled with books. There was a kitchen perpetually stocked with his favourites, and parents who would obligingly abandon their own pursuits whenever he requested entertainment.
Ah. He supposes her credentials had been part of the whole introduction bit he'd filtered out.
"Why would I be wondering?" Sherlock asked, too quickly. His hands had come up to fidget with the edge of the duvet.
Sherlock's head snaps up. When he speaks, his voice is low, dangerous. "We?"
"Surely you've seen worse," he said, but he had to admit there was something arresting in Moriarty's frozen face, his wide eyes, the misshapen slump of his shattered head.
Rosie whimpered, and Sherlock shifted her in his arms again.
"What's in your hand?"
"Sherlock?" John blinked away his confusion, leaned forward. Placed both of his hands on Sherlock's forearm, squeezed.
polite."
He has always been afraid. He's not quite sure, now, what he was afraid of.
"Must you feel the need to state the obvious?" Sherlock said, and stepped on the gas again. There was a hint of something panicked, something desperate in his clipped tone.
Something flared in him, something that might have been alarm. It was dulled, suffocated by drink and exhaustion and the ever-present hum of anger.
"If—"
"Oh—" John said, and looked away. "No. I—just—how long have they been there?"
"Hey—" John started.
"I don't know," John said, clearly uncomfortable. "Just—friend things."
Sherlock looked at him, his face strange and searching. He followed John down the hall to his room, let out a heavy huff of breath that almost sounded like a laugh when John stopped at the door.
He was lying in something wet. It lapped against his back, trickled down his neck. He sucked in a pained breath, struggled to move his limbs. For a moment there was pain and panic as his arms refused to cooperate, numb fingers flexing and grasping, and then he remembered.
"People getting married take dancing lessons all the time," Janine said. "Even
"Oh," Sherlock said. He kept his voice mild, polite. Best not to let John see that he was nearly vibrating out of his own skin. "Good."
He'd caught himself here, once. Had caught and held on and dragged himself back up into the sunlight.
She'd put her arm around his waist and he'd leaned on her. She was surprisingly strong. They'd made it up the stairs with minimal fuss. She'd left him on the landing just outside the sitting room, had continued up the stairs towards her own room.
They stare at each other. Sherlock realizes belatedly that he should be saying—something.
He went into the flat, looked around. Nothing had been disturbed. Molly had not lingered long. The kitchen was still messy, dishes still in the sink. She'd not felt the need to tidy up.
"You think he might be compromised?"
A security team found Alex Garrideb on the beach, huddled against the jagged rocks.
He ignored Wiggins, settled deeper into his chair. He'd fallen asleep here, last night. Fallen asleep and awakened in his own bed. He did not recall moving.
of John residing anywhere but London. Working at a boring little medical practice, seeing boring patients, socialising with boring coworkers. Perhaps dating; he was an attractive widower, after all, and Rosie needed a moth—
Sherlock had had a suspicion where she'd run to. He'd been right.
The quiet stillness she left behind felt permanent.
There was no answer. No rustle of motion within. He tried the knob and, finding it unlocked, pushed his way into the little office.
"Besides," Sherlock said, lifting his head. There was a strange expression on his face—a little strained, a little lost. He offered a thin smile. "It took seven bakeries to find your cake. Even—even Mary grew a bit bored with the whole thing, by the end."
He wrenches himself backwards. Sherlock stares at him with shocked eyes, swollen lips.
"Must be, yeah," John said. His own voice felt faraway, distant and floating.
"What if he can't make it there?"
The clerk returned, set two keys down on the counter. "You're in luck. We had a last-minute cancellation."
The label was slightly stained, where little dribbles of liquid had escaped during pours. The stains were old, long-dried. Yes, the bottle was half-empty, but it had taken a fair bit of time to get that way. Given that pace of drinking, it was likely that the glassful that had wound up soaked into the carpet had been John's first of the night. And the fact that the bottle had been put away in the cabinet rather than left out on the counter was suggestive of the fact that John had intended to have just the one drink.
John touches his hand. Sherlock startles a bit, but does not move away.
He went upstairs, stripped off his borrowed hospital scrubs, stood in the shower and scrubbed the lingering scent of the Thames from his skin. He shut his eyes. Thought of Sherlock, sodden and still on the riverbank.
For a moment, he simply breathed. Then he fished his phone out of his pocket, dialed Sherlock. Waited anxiously as it rang and rang.
"Not me,” Lestrade said. “Molly Hooper. You’re not going to believe this.”
"The keys, then," she said. "I'd like them back immediately."
Sherlock was staring at him with unabashed affection. His expression had gone soft, his mouth curled in a fond smile, his eyes warm and crinkled around the edges.
Sherlock turned his attention to the wall, studied the grinning yellow face, the scattered holes, the places where the bold paper had split and peeled.
"Then why—?"
"You can't possibly know that," John said, and then relented. "All right, no, I've never changed a tyre. But how hard could it be? You just take the jack, and—um—"
There, on the bedside table, was the card.
"It's not working," Sherlock says. "If you properly maintained—"
"Yeah—no," John said.
John thought of the afternoons he'd spent at Baker Street while Rosie was with the sitter. How sometimes there would be a client, and he and Sherlock would go off together without hesitation. And how Sherlock never bothered to text him about the other cases, the ones that came up while John was at home.
"Absolutely no piranhas in the flat," John says. "Under any circumstances. I don't want to make any gruesome discoveries in the bath."
He could hear Molly breathing, short sharp shocked little huffs.
"Yes, well, you caught the angry part. Not the happy part."
And then Sherlock had appeared. And just like that, everything had changed.
Evan looked untroubled. He was older than John remembered him, his face lined and deeply weathered in the dim light. His hair was grizzled, unkempt, badly in need of a cut. There was something unfamiliar in the twist of his mouth, in the slope of his nose, and the air left John all in a rush as he realised.
It settled, cold and prickling, all around him, leaving him restless and uneasy.
"Sherlock," John said. He swallowed, choking on his own words.
"Exactly as promised," Sherlock said. He breathed out slowly. When he spoke again, his voice was hesitant, uncertain. "Thank you, John. I have no doubts that your actions have directly saved my life, and—"
John laughed again, humourless. "Not sure this is my area, mate. I'm not MI6."
"Sorry if I—" John stopped, looked down at his hand, his fist clenched around the tattered napkin. "I didn't know if—"
"Believe me, I remember," he said.
"Yes."
He rolled his eyes, looked at her, unwilling to be dragged into an argument about drinking. And it would be an argument, he knew, no matter how innocuously it started out. Even just
There was a sick lurching in John's stomach, as if the ground had just fallen away beneath him. He looked from Janine's smiling face to Sherlock—Sherlock who had raised his brows and was staring at John with something approaching a challenge in those pale eyes.
"Just—you just hold on. All right? Someone's coming for you, they're going to get you out. Your brother found the leak. It was Lady Smallwood."
John shut his eyes. "Sherlock—"
Sherlock scoffs.
"You know, I was right about you that first night," John said, his voice thoughtful.
The headline was stark and bold and screaming and it stopped him dead in his tracks.
"I know," John says. "That's not what I mean."
It is fascinating, Sherlock thinks, the way he unconsciously assumes parade rest.
John slipped the phone out of his coat, handed that over as well. Watched a ghost of a smile flicker over Sherlock's face as he looked at it.
And then he'd stopped, because what was there to say? He hadn't known what to say that last day at Baker Street, and he didn't know what to say now. There had been things, he knew. Things he'd wanted to say. Things he'd assumed he'd get to, eventually. But he'd put it off. And a day had turned into a week which turned into a month which turned into two. He'd left London behind. He'd left
John stared at him for a moment. Shrugged. His mouth had gone dry. He was not sure he had an answer, at least not one he could speak out loud.
"Is it?" John asked. "Settled?"
"What is it that you didn't want, John?" Mary's voice was quiet.
And then there was nothing to do but wait.
"Oh, Sherlock," she says.
"Sherlock," Lestrade said, shifting a bit where he stood. "I'm not entirely sure where you're going with this."
He pulled back just enough to fumble at the button of his jeans, blood roaring in his ears, heart thundering in his chest. This was happening. He was—
It did not make it better that Mary was not dead. She was dead to John and Sherlock and Rosie, and she would remain dead to them forever. There would be no happy reunion, no relief, no catharsis.
Sherlock had nodded his approval, helped her down from the chair. "Why not?"
"Right," John said.
"Yes," John said firmly.
Lestrade had shown up in Grimpen Village, too.
He smiles tightly, chances a glance in her direction. "Sorry. Yeah. It is. Pretty."
"I'm sure I did," Sherlock said. He was staring at the shelves, at the jars and tins and boxes, anywhere but at John.
"Sherlock," John said, his voice low and quiet and strangely fond. "Nothing at all about you is obvious."
Sherlock dipped his head, his mouth seeking John's. His eyes slipped shut.
Sunlight glinted off of the window, warming his face, and he thought of the Christmas morning sun, breaking tentatively over the horizon, brightening the cosy cluttered sitting room and coaxing him awake. He had slumped over into Sherlock at some point in the night, his head nestled atop a bony shoulder, his nose buried in the warm soft skin of Sherlock's neck.
"No?" John asked. He resumed walking, head down, phone pressed tight against his ear. He barreled through the crowd, not paying attention, not pausing to apologize. "Who'd you think it was, then?"
"Bit loud, yeah."
"A lead."
"It is," he says. "A very nice car."
Sherlock blinked. Replayed John's words in his mind. Replayed them again. His vision blurred.
The hair on the back of his neck prickled. He hesitated before stepping forward, fighting against his urge to turn around. He reached for a box of biscuits, kept his movements slow and steady.
It was his madman, the man from the plane, the man from the café, the man who had only haunted his bloody dreams for the last several months. He was as attractive as John remembered, all sharp angles and tousled hair and bright eyes.
She paused to kiss Rosie on the cheek as she passed. He watched as she put on her coat, her hat, her gloves.
Janine stood up from the sofa, went into the kitchen. Her heels were loud on the wood floor. John wondered idly what Mrs Hudson thought of that.
He no longer felt eyes on him.
The landscape is as bleak and compelling as he remembered.
"That's what weathermen do, isn't it?" Sherlock says. "Make their guesses on live television?"
"Should I—" Sherlock clears his throat, looks up. "Should we—"
"I was the one who found him. He was just. He was just lying there. Eyes open. He'd been dead for a little while. Maybe an hour, maybe more." John smiled tightly, looked down at his lap. Thought of the way Evan had trailed after him for weeks after that, pale and haunted. Accusing. "I never even knew he had a problem. If he had a problem, even. He hid it well, if he did. And I never knew if it was. Um. Accidental, or if he meant to—"
"It already has."
She shook her head, smiled a little. There was pity in her eyes, he thought, pity for him, and wasn't that something.
Happy New Year, my friends. May 2019 bring good health, warmth, and happiness to you all.
"I'm supposed to be unhappy!"
"This is Dr Hooper,“ she said. "We’ve had an incident in the morgue. An attendant has been injured. He’s all right, but he’ll need medical attention. Please send someone.”
John tried for a smile. "Which part?"
"Oh? Are you a weatherman too?"
The sound of his voice was comforting, familiar and long-missed.
"You—"
"Come, Ms Morstan," Mycroft said. His voice was pained. "We'll discuss further in my office."
Sometimes, the stars would align and there would be a case, some hapless client at the door. Sometimes they just had tea and watched a bit of crap telly. Well. John watched crap telly while Sherlock fussed with his microscope or typed on his laptop or stared at his phone.
Within fifteen minutes, his phone had begun buzzing with text messages. Updates. Photos. Rosie, small and fierce and tear-streaked and furious, making her way through the shadows.
John had told her once.
John looks up. "What?"
When he turned back, so was Sherlock.
"What? Yes," Lazarus said, dismissive. Then he cleared his throat, seemed to catch back up to what John had said. "Well. No. But you're working on that."
"Uh, not in there with you," Rosie had said with a little laugh, holding her hands up. "Did I mention he's really,
They went together, sloshing through ankle-high water. John leaned hard against Sherlock, fought to keep his balance, his steps clumsy and numbed. The floor dipped the closer they got to the stairs, frigid water climbing up John's shins.
"Think. Most people don't think."
Sherlock had leaned back in his chair, waited.
He took care of her needs, carried her downstairs, set her up at the kitchen table while he started breakfast.
"Hm, doubtful. Leave."
"Daddy," Rosie says.
He saw Sherlock's eyes flit to his legs, note his steady stance. Watched the furrow reappear between Sherlock's brows.
"Yeah, he'll be home soon," John said. He looked down at the eggs, sizzling and popping. Took the pan off of the heat.
"I know," Sherlock said, and he smiled. "I wasn't casting aspersions on your skills, merely pointing out that in the brief time you worked with—" he brought his hands up to trace irritated finger quotes in the air between them, "—'Sarah Sawyer,' you were kidnapped, she was kidnapped, you fell asleep at your desk on no fewer than three separate occasions, you received two verbal and one written warning for late arrival and, most memorably, you once dropped your stethoscope on a patient's foot and ran out the door mid-examination to assist me with chasing down an art thief."
Wiggins was speaking. John did not register the words. He stared at Sherlock's hands.
Well. There
And then there he was, standing awkwardly in the doorway, his hand raised as if to knock against the frame. He blinked at the sight of Sherlock by the window, let his hand fall to his side.
"I thought. Erm. The time might come, eventually, that Rosie would want—well. There might be a school trip, or a birthday party, or an invitation from a friend. And. Um."
There was a pink line just over his left eyebrow, new skin, freshly healed. Barely noticeable.
There was a small smile playing on her lips. She did not look like someone who had been arrested and interrogated.
He fumbled in the dark for the doorknob, found it, pulled. The door rattled in the frame, did not budge.
The man studied him, did not respond.
"But—" John says, and he seems hung up on it, he's shaking his head again like he can't quite believe his ears.
John smiled down at the ground.
But he thought about it, sometimes. Thought of salt air, of rambling gardens, the soothing hum of the apiary.
"All right," Gregory says. "I'm going to ask that you stick around for a bit, in case we have more questions."
"Hi," he said, when he spotted her near the entrance to Regent's Park, where they'd made plans to meet up. He glanced to her left, faltered a bit. "And—hello, Trevor."
There is another scream and he turns away from the dog—though not entirely, he is reluctant to put his back to it—and this time his gaze lands on Lynn Straker, out in the fields in her nightdress.
"So—"
And so he says: "Actually, I might be—do you think I could meet him?"
And still John had left.
"No," Lestrade said. "I don't think that, but I do think we ought to consider—"
The sun is setting when he finds himself near Tavistock.
Vivian was short and friendly and favoured red lipstick. John enjoyed her company quite a bit. She was quick-witted and lively. She had an infectious laugh. She also, unfortunately, had a dog.
"All of it," Sherlock says quietly. "All of you. For as long as you'll have me."
like cake that much. No one could like cake enough to justify all this."
Sherlock blinked at him again, and then seemed to gather himself together in a rush. He nodded, a smile curling at the edge of his mouth.
Sherlock nodded slowly. "Curious."
Sherlock looks at him for a moment more, then turns, strides off towards his own truck.
"A little light reading?"
"It looks . . . nice," Molly said, when she came to visit Rosie. Her mouth was pinched, her eyes sad.
"Well. She mentioned they'd been arguing a bit, yeah, but—"
Frustrated, Sherlock shifted Rosie in his arms, crouched to examine the shattered television. His gaze landed on a mobile,
In the morning there were photographs in the papers. And, of course, a simple internet search promised more.
John checked his phone while Rosie ate, not really expecting anything. Sherlock had not texted. He hoped he was all right.
John had always thought so. The fabric was stiff, the padding unyielding. It was nothing like the worn sofa at 221B with its faded leather and soft cushions that seemed to mould to his body. The throw pillows that always smelled a bit like Sherlock, given how often he tended to kip there.
Sherlock tensed up behind him, the pattern of his breaths changing, and it took John a moment to realise he was stifling laughter.
John stopped. Turned back.
"—and so am I," John said. "You think you're a bad judge of character because you didn't see Mary for what she was. Well, neither did I. Neither did Sherlock-bloody-Holmes, the most observant man in the world."
"Just, I always thought you were making a mistake. Marrying her. That you were rushing into something without really thinking it through. And I—we just—we weren't close enough for me to want to be the one to tell you that." She breathed out, a wet sound, and he realised with a pang that she was crying. "And then she died, and it felt weird to show up at the funeral when I hadn't—it just—it was easier not to mention it. Yeah?"
Rosie had been remarkably patient, though he knew his luck was bound to run out eventually. What was meant to be a two hour trip was now going on six, with no reprieve in sight.
Janine came back from the kitchen with two mugs. She handed one to Sherlock. John watched as their fingers brushed. There was a comfortable familiarity to their movements. He'd been comfortable around Sherlock like that, once. A long time ago.
And John was
"I'm afraid I've completely run out of sugar," she said, eyeing him over the rim of her cup.
He'd seen Sherlock heartbroken once, or as near to heartbroken as he supposed the man was ever going to get. He wasn't terribly keen on a repeat performance.
"I'm going to need more than that to go on."
Molly smiled, nodded. She seemed a little relieved to have Rosie to focus on. "She's changed so much."
John was on the sofa, newspaper open in front of him. He was not reading it. His attention had been caught by Rosie, who was sprawled on the floor in front of the coffee table, assembling an impressive pileup of toy cars.
"There are already warnings," Mary says. She laughs, a nervous sound that John has never heard her make before. "Believe me, my graphics team once spent three straight weeks arguing over the best shade of red to use for the televised alerts. EC2029 is where they landed, finally, if you're curious. It's a shade of alizarin crimson, or so I'm told. I wanted to fire the lot of them by the end. Still might."
Sherlock gripped the arms of his chair. Thought about the sign on the door, thought about
"All that rot about it being better to deal with things today than tomorrow."
correspondence from a realtor in London. And one in Chelmsford, too, but you must already know that. Exactly how much time did you spend going through my emails?"
He took a sip of his tea. His hand shook. He made no effort to stop it.
"The day you—the day you were supposed to come back. He waited for you. He didn't say it. He didn't have to say it. But the look on his face when I—when I was the one to come through the door. Instead of you. It was—"
"Jesus," he said.
"John," Sherlock said.
"I'll try the lemon," Sherlock said, and reached for a slice of cake.
They shared smiles for a moment, strained around the edges.
"Vauxhall Cross," John said, and that was that.
controlling yourself
"You could have had exactly what you wanted," Mycroft continued, and his voice had pitched up high, knowing,
wondered," Sherlock murmured, looking down at the ground. He felt inexplicably like laughing, though it certainly would be inappropriate.
He sleeps well. But then, he always had, back when he called Baker Street home.
He turns abruptly, frowns at John. "Is this you attempting to—how did you phrase it? Spare me?"
"Not growing maudlin, are you?" Sherlock had asked, finally. He'd raised his brows, edged his voice into a taunting tone. "Holiday season getting under your skin? Too many sweets? Overdone it with the Christmas pudding? Or perhaps it's—sentiment? Succumbing at last to the ghosts of Christmas Past?"
But Sherlock had jumped from the roof of Barts Hospital, he'd looked down at John and said
"Divide and conquer," Sherlock said. He smiled without much humour. "So? Were you conquered?"
"She took her first steps, um, almost three months ago," John said. "And I—it occurred to me that she didn't. That she
She looked pleased, and he supposed he couldn't blame her. He'd been hunched over their table for the better part of an hour and can't have been particularly good company.
"I," he tried. "Um."
Sherlock swallowed, looked away. It was bad enough that all of Scotland Yard had heard the recording. They were idiots, the lot of them, even the ones he liked. They could easily be led to believe that his weakness, his desperation had all been an act.
John gaped at him. "You—like that?"
"Oh, lovely," Mycroft had said from behind his desk. He'd stood up, offered a thin smile, more pained than polite. "I had no idea I was expecting guests."
"Emailing Billy Porter," Sherlock says. He smiles, faintly. "Thanking him for his assistance, and letting him know the London Aquarium is safe to visit once more."
Rosie chose that moment to fuss against him, kicking her legs. She lifted her head from his shoulder and babbled at Sherlock, reached out a straining hand towards him.
Well. He worried. After everything, after all they had been through, he couldn't help but worry.
And if Sherlock noticed that his bed had been disturbed while he'd been away, he never said a word about it.
He abandoned the kettle. There were syringes rattling in the nearest tea cup, all promising a better kick than caffeine.
but hurt was too simple, not nearly enough to cover the breadth of what John's incredibly expressive face had conveyed with that look.
It was the kind of wary edginess that was particular to John, he thought. Well-hidden. Easily overlooked, unless, of course, you knew what you were looking for. Which, of course, Sherlock did.
There is a tap on the door and he jolts, almost drops the bottle. He hesitates, sets the bottle down on the ground out of sight, crosses the room to open the door.
He took a breath. Shut his eyes.
"Why are you doing this?" John asked.
Sherlock watches him leave. Breathes out. His chest twists. He cannot quite name the feeling.
He pushed himself up off of the floor, grasping onto the bench seat with shaking hands. There were bits of broken glass ground into the meat of his palms, and he swiped at them.
A fair enough question. Even if he'd thought—well. It didn't matter, now. She was gone. But he thought she'd held him in higher regard.
In the Himalayas, squared off against the screaming wind, squinting into the bright light reflected off of endless snow—he'd thought of John, of Baker Street, and he'd been warm. He'd crouched, had studied the frozen corpse of the man he'd been pursuing, had read the details of his miserable cold demise in the twist of his face, the frostbite on his nose and fingers. Had read the betrayal of his partner in the curl of frozen skin under the man's fingernail. They'd fought. She'd run.
"Why aren't you married, John?"
"You—
John blinked. "No. I don't know." He flashed another tight smile.
"Do what?"
Was he remembering correctly, or was his mind supplying what he wanted to see? He'd have had no reason to waste precious memory space preserving minute details of an ordinary morning interaction.
"No time to chat. Bit of a rush. Life or death situation. You know how it is," he says. He lets the door slam behind him as he leaves.
He moved to set the painting back down on the floor. John settled a warm hand on his wrist, stopped him. Gingerly took the canvas from his hands, held it up. Frowned.
Originally posted
It was a rather startling shade of green. And new, he noted. Very new. The tyre treads had not worn down at all.
He stopped scrolling. Pete's face smiled up at him, the tiny photo terribly familiar from how long it had spent in his friend request notifications.
He frowned. "I thought you said it was useless."
It had been a good holiday. Better than he'd expected, in all honesty.
He wants to kiss Sherlock again. He wants to talk about it. He is unsure how to go about doing either, and so he does neither.
"No?"
John shut his eyes against the water. Sherlock watched as rivulets ran down his neck and along his shoulders. He'd wanted to taste.
"It'll be eight weeks," Sherlock had said, finally. "In the cast."
"I know," John says, and he is smiling again, the expression infuriating because it simply makes no sense, there is no reason for it. "Just. You know. Kids can surprise you sometimes."
but far too susceptible to being manipulated and manipulating in turn. "What were her terms?"
"I'll drive you," Lestrade said.
Mycroft made a pained noise, shut his eyes briefly.
Well. Perhaps Sherlock had decided to try again.
"I don't think—" John tried.
John had put the choice in Sherlock's hands. Stay or go. Sherlock had elected to go.
"Nice of you to be so concerned for his well being. I'll pass along the sentiment. I'm sure he'll be touched."
Sherlock had managed to terrorise the staff into changing the table linens twice over by the time the guests began to arrive.
"Just a minute," Janine said.
He'd leap into the line of fire without hesitation, but two years ago the thought of a Christmas gathering with his then-estranged wife had sent him scrambling for excuses, for diversions. And Sherlock had known it, Christ, he'd known it, he'd always known everything worth knowing about John right from the start, and he'd waited until the morning they were set to leave and he'd leaned in and murmured
He could not say with any certainty who moved in first. But his lips were pressed against John's, warm and soft and utterly thrilling, sending electric shocks of sensation down his spine. His eyes slipped shut and he sighed, breath puffing against John's face.
he returned.
It had felt so
John shut his eyes, leaned his head back. His muscles trembled. Cold, fatigue, shock—it didn't really matter. He thought perhaps he'd succumb to exposure long before dehydration or starvation took him. He'd lost feeling in his toes.
His eyes went, helplessly, to that line of pink skin just along Sherlock's brow.
John had walked into the National Severe Storms Laboratory as a bright-eyed post-graduate student, eager for hands-on research.
Just—" John said.
John squinted. The man was unkempt—long matted hair, gaunt dirty face. His eyes were bright, intense, disconcertingly pale. There was a dark patch on his forehead, leaking down from his hairline. Possibly blood, John thought. It was hard to say with the shadows.
"Ah, brilliant. He'll do," a voice said from behind John, close enough to make him jump.
John had left his position at the surgery shortly after the explosion at Baker Street, after Sherrinford, after all that had happened with Sherlock and Eurus. The work had bored him to tears, and Mary had left behind a bank account with the kind of startling balance that made him wonder why either of them had ever been working there to begin with. There was Rosie to consider, Rosie who deserved so much more from him than he'd given her over the first year of her life.
"Talk to him," Mary said.
"Then who killed him?"
"No. I don't want to watch—" John breathed out, clenched his hand. "I don't want to see some poor bastard get his head kicked in on what's supposed to be the happiest day of his life."
"Sherlock."
And so he drank. Because there was no point in searching elsewhere. He knew what he wanted, now, and he knew what Sherlock's mouth tasted like, and he knew what his body felt like pressed against his own, and everything else would surely pale in comparison.
The rain let up.
Sherlock stopped walking, whirled to face him. The first dismissal should have worked. It had not. He'd need to be harsher this time.
John shrugged his shoulders, slipping out of the too-hot wool of his winter coat. It dragged down his arms, slid to the floor. He did not stoop to pick it up, simply looked down at it, a dark formless shape slumped lifelessly against the wall.
"Takes too much time,“ Sherlock gave a dismissive wave of his hand, popped the rest of the croissant into his mouth. He rummaged through the remaining pastries for something else.
"Well," John says. "You're the one who opted to leap into the tank with them."
"Sherlock," John said. He kept his hand against Sherlock's mouth, not pressing. After a moment's hesitation, he let it fall away. Sherlock did not turn to face him.
His own poorly chosen words, three days ago:
"And do things often go according to plan?"
"No," John said softly. "You wouldn't, would you? You. Um. Persist in seeing the best in me, for some reason."
"Nice to meet you," Sherlock's date called after him.
There had been very little room in the skip, and John had been very close. His breath had puffed hot and insistent against Sherlock's cheek. Their shoulders had brushed. Sherlock had not cared overmuch about the rotten banana.
"Department C," the man said. "You're to ask for Department C."
"John?" Molly's voice. She'd picked up midway through the first ring. "Is everything—?"
"No," Sherlock said. His voice caught. He shut his eyes. "There's no case."
It did not matter if the assassins walked away, if Moriarty's vast criminal network crumbled or stood firm. He had been hunted and hounded and pursued, not into dying, but into giving up and coming home. Moriarty was not protecting his interests, he was crafting a web, a single perfect trap.
"Yeah," she said, and gave him a little smile. "For what it's worth, I
John stood up straight, looked at Sherlock. Sherlock looked calmly back at him. There was a gleam in his eye.
He finished the rest of the drink in front of him, set it down a bit too firmly.
), he doubted she'd had a sudden change of heart.
"I was around death in Afghanistan. I saw men die. Good men. Friends. I didn't—" He swallowed. The liquor was cheap, the taste unpleasant. "I didn't see any of them after."
"My assistance? You're the bloody wedding expert. You're the one who—you—" John cut himself off, sniffed in a sharp breath through his nose.
"SIS. You're talking about MI6. You're—" he stopped again, the brief hot rush of excitement fading as fast as it had come on. "You're having me on."
But then Sherlock shifted, his shoulder bumping against John's, their fingers brushing together, the contact fleeting but intimate.
"M'fine," Sherlock mumbled, still clasping on to John's hand, staring, staring, staring. His brow had creased up, the way it sometimes did when he was confused or frustrated.
There is a garbled string of letters from Harry that seems to have set off tonight's exchange. Sherlock squints at it. He suspects it to be an insult. Harry is quite good with insults. Unfortunately, her hand-eye coordination deteriorates with drink.
"What is this?" John asked him. His voice was flat. Unsettled. Unhappy.
Through the crowds on Baker Street, past Portman Square, turning, weaving.
Sherlock was silent.
" Janine said, sitting down heavily on the ground, her frothy skirt pooling around her. She looked at the frying pan in her hands.
John forces himself to meet that gaze and hold it.
Sherlock looked up from the book he was reading. He was not expecting anyone, but that did not, necessarily, preclude a visit. His neighbors often dropped by with small requests, minor mysteries, just enough to keep him from stagnating.
John stopped.
John jolted awake, sat blinking in the darkness of his bedroom. He breathed in through his nose, careful quiet breaths, and
"I said you were
"Moriarty isn't going to post it," John says. He is surprised by how calm he feels. He should not feel calm. "That's not his style. He's going to wait and try to use it against me later."
Well, that explained the glass on the floor.
"Bristol," Sherlock said. His voice was devoid of inflection. "Hm. You've chosen well. Frequently named one of the best places to live in the UK, but surely you already knew that."
"It'd be a nice change of pace," he said. "Good for Rosie."
"No," he said. "Nope. Up. You're coming with me into the kitchen, and you're drinking a glass of water, and then you're going to sleep. Properly, in a bed."
Sherlock looked down at him, frowned.
Over her shoulder, a woman in a black dress caught his attention as she moved through the crowd. She slowed to speak to someone near the far wall, offered a polite smile. She'd done something elaborate with her hair, and she was wearing more makeup than in the candid photo he'd seen on the bulletin board, but her face was unmistakable.
"Thanks," she let out another nervous little laugh, fiddled with the ring. She looked pleased in spite of the tension in the room. "I almost never get to wear it. I don't bring it to work. Might rip my gloves, and I'd hate to lose it in someone's abdominal cavity."
"All right," John said, and he smiled again. Another deep breath. He was nervous, Sherlock realised belatedly. Nervous for—
"Well."
Sherlock sucked in a shuddering breath, tilted his head so his lips met John's. It was a sweet kiss, surprisingly chaste. Just a firm press of dry lips, the puff of unsteady breath through flared nostrils.
"Oh my God," John said. "You're going to be a dick about this, too. Why am I not surprised?"
"Yes. It's password protected, so you'll need to be clever."
"Well," Walsingham had said again. "It was nothing, really, just—"
"I don't want to talk about this."
"I'm glad you're all right," he said. "And—sorry. For all of that."
"I've got some loose ends to tie up in Eastern Europe," Sherlock says. He looks tired, John thinks, but it must just be a trick of the light.
He was rapidly growing overwarm in his coat. A trickle of sweat made its way down his neck, sliced an uncomfortable path between his shoulder blades. He glanced over Greg's shoulder again, just to make sure.
"Gift from a client."
"Seen a lot of injury," he says. "Violent deaths?"
"Are you all right?" Molly asked. She worried at her lip, looked as if she wanted to say more.
"As is often the case, the truth runs contrary to portrayals in popular media. Most shark attacks are a case of mistaken identity, so to speak." Sherlock looks down at his hands, swallows. "Wrong place, wrong time. Surfers, for instance, resemble seals from below."
Molly had said.
He heard Sherlock exhale, an amused rush of breath, and that was all it took. He started giggling, properly giggling, his shoulders shaking, his hand pressed against his mouth. Sherlock leaned away from the microscope, laughing now too, doubling over with it.
Sherlock takes a step back, bewildered. At some point he has lost his ability to navigate and John has steered them into unchartered waters.
"Hey!"
She'd considered his offer and then nodded, mollified. They'd gone together into Mycroft's office.
He offers one more helpless glance at Mary, then turns and follows Sarah into her office.
"Must we do this?" Mycroft asked, his voice pained. He did not move from where he stood.
Sherlock blinked, looked towards the sound, then back at John. He opened his mouth, shut it again. Looked at their hands.
Molly and Lestrade were objectively a good match. They got on well. Both of their lives tended to revolve around Sherlock, which was convenient. Molly was highly unlikely to cheat on Lestrade, which would be an improvement over his last relationship, and Lestrade was—well, he was an idiot, obviously, because everyone was, but he was still orders of magnitude more intelligent than Molly's last fiance.
"John," Sherlock said again, and he truly did look miserable now, his face pulled taut and blank.
"You're quick on your feet. Have a decent left hook. And it... could be useful to have a doctor around." Sherlock shrugged again. His eyes were bright. "Think it over."
And he
Sherlock made a huffing sound. "Like I said. Romantic."
Sherlock froze, rigid as a statue, unyielding. And then, slowly, cautiously, he thawed. His fingers slackened, then tightened. A firm squeeze.
you're convinced I maintain is not nearly as robust as you might imagine. Dr Watson simply doesn't hold the same interest for me that he does for you."
John opened his mouth to argue, instead betrayed himself with another full-body shiver. His shirt clung to him, wet and frigid against his skin. His jeans were sodden, his shoes squelching with every move. He could not deny the chill that had seeped into his bones.
"Why, exactly, are you sorry?"
"And now?" he prompted.
"We let it slide," John said, weary and sad and no longer angry.
And then later, after Sherlock had dashed his brilliant head against the pavement, after the light had gone out of those intensely curious eyes, John had wished he'd done it, wished he hadn't gone on blindly hoping for forever and had instead taken a chance on the moment.
She raised her brows.
"Impossible. You've been careless. You must have given yourself away."
She stopped. Looked at him.
John and Mary are standing together. They are looking at the plane, and neither turns at Sherlock's approach. There is a man in a black suit with them, a CIA agent, no doubt. Sherlock is irrationally glad it is not the man he remembers from the Adler case.
"Sherlock," he said, pushing up onto his elbow.
"I've left my job," he said. "Wasn't planning on it. But. I think—I think I need to make some changes."
involved. Whoever did this had access to details about each couple, enough information to make a murder look plausibly like an accident."
He shut his eyes, breathed. Listened to John's slow footsteps ascending to join him.
they looked similar—stared at him for a bit too long to be comfortable. And then he was gone, pushing roughly through the crowd.
She nods again, not looking particularly placated.
"What?" John asked, but Sherlock had already lost interest in whatever he'd been trying to say.
John whirled back to face him. "Why the
"Sherlock."
Sherlock lifted his brows, waited. It seemed like John had more to say.
"Lady Smallwood's secretary," he said. "Vivian Norbury. And, apparently, the source of our mysterious leak."
for all of your help!
"Oh, fine," Sherlock said. His voice was flat, but John thought he could detect a trace of irritation.
He thought of Mary, all of the reasons he'd given, all of the reasons she'd supported. They were true. They made sense. In a way, there was a certain kinship. He, too, would shoot, would kill, for John Watson.
John walked him backwards until the back of his knees hit the bed and he sat down with a surprised, indignant huff. The mattress squeaked.
"I find that hard to believe."
When he opens his eyes again, he is mud-spattered and plastered against Sherlock's back, his arms locked tightly around Sherlock's waist. It takes a moment to release his grip, his hands and forearms cramping. His heart jackhammers against his ribs.
"Solved that already," Sherlock said.
Missing scene during HLV. Mycroft visits Sherlock in his holding cell.
The man lifts his head, squares off his rounded shoulders. He's got ill-fitting spectacles, the frames sliding down his nose. His mouth is pursed, giving the vague hint of bucked teeth.
John breathed wetly through his nose. Sherlock frowned, shifted where he stood. Platitudes were likely to be appropriate in this situation. Something like:
"Bones," he said.
"Use that. Better to be seen as pitiful than devious," Sherlock said, looking back down at the microscope. "Play on their sympathies. It pays more."
Even as he spoke, he thought of Sherlock and Janine holed up in the familiar cosy comfort of 221B. The shared laughter, the meaningful glances, the jokes—and him on the outside peering in, thinking
"We have a plan," Sherlock said.
"Excellent," Sherlock said, summoning his last bit of strength. "You've caught on. Case closed, mystery solved. Try not to let the door hit you on your way out."
The first time, he had been dead. The second two times, he'd been high.
John looked at him. "What?"
"The fact that my br—that my handler at MI6 has not attempted to reach out to you is concerning."
John slipped his hand inside his pants, and Sherlock fell apart.
There was a breeze. The sound of birds, of light traffic. John turned his head, slowly, and looked at the sliding glass door.
"She arrived after he'd gone, relieved me of her bracelet, and went on her way."
John shifted where he stood, watching closely.
"It's fine," John said. "It's all fine. I'm just—glad you're well. Yeah. Have a good night." He nodded, whirled around, once more made for the door.
"The barista you hired on Thursday is planning on robbing the jewelry store next door," the man said to the cashier, not even pausing to acknowledge John.
Moriarty gave a lazy shrug, did not even bother to glance in John's direction. "The type to settle down. Doesn't it get a bit boring after a while?"
He shuts his eyes, a childish escape that Mycroft would surely mock him for. There is no escaping this.
"Who?" John asked, and then he shook his head, cutting off his own train of thought. Sherlock was out of his mind, and no amount of interrogation was going to wring sense from him. He needed to sleep it off, and then—
Sherlock glanced up at him, startled. Whatever he saw on John's face made his eyes darken. His pulse jumped in his neck.
Rosie had tugged Sherlock's hand, pointed to the imposing painting behind Mycroft's desk.
He pressed his fingers against his temples. Breathed. Breathed. Filled his lungs with Sussex air. Tried to remember.
Sherlock thought, without knowing, exactly, what he was begging for. Just that he wanted it.
feeling left out, but not because of—not because of Mary, or Rosie or all that rot about changing priorities and missing the past. You're not jealous of the case. It
Mycroft had said, three days ago, adjusting his tie and looking at Rosie with a calculating eye.
Sometimes he rather thought he was back where he'd started. The house was an upgrade from the grim and cheerless bedsit he'd stayed in after returning from Afghanistan, of course. It was bright and comfortable and colourful. But the walls closed in on him just the same.
John Watson, shaking himself to pieces there in the middle of the room.
"Nothing frightening about Moriarty," Sherlock said, and that was true. Moriarty wasn't frightening, Moriarty was
"Don't ask me to."
"Right," John said, his own smile dropping away.
her new boyfriend—"
"Seems a big step. You're—what—nineteen?"
"Hm?"
Ah. That must have been what John was shouting about.
"Then," Sherlock said. A slow, pleased smile spread across his face. It made him look younger, utterly charming with his mad hair and still-flushed skin. "I believe you promised me a week. With certain necessary modifications to the original plan, of course. I think it could work. If—?"
you absolute dick," John said. "Do you even believe half of what comes out of your mouth, or do you just say it because you think you're supposed to?"
"Get in!" Sherlock shouted. He wrenched at the door, snow falling away where it had accumulated.
he had said. He'd seemed surprised.
"Accident when he was a puppy. Only a few weeks old when he lost it. Dreadful," she sniffs, and scrolls to the next photo. "He's really quite sweet, you know."
"Sherlock?" Victoria's voice again, once more cutting through John's thoughts.
John, still feeling Sherlock's eyes on the back of his head, stepped forward.
He dragged his thumb across Sherlock's neck, down past the ridge of his collarbone, wiping away the smudge of red lipstick.
She would be leaving for Portsmouth to begin training at the start of the new year.
"Jesus, Sherlock, this thing will be right on top of us in a second—"
Sherlock would—
"Out."
John had bought the place after leaving Baker Street. After Sherlock had jumped. He'd known he couldn't stay in their shared flat any longer. Not after that. Sherlock's ghost was everywhere.
He'd gone up to the door, had put his hand against it. Thought about going up the stairs. He'd hated Sherlock. He'd missed Sherlock. Nothing was right and it was Christmas and he'd signed his cards with a dead woman's name.
The damp London air was cool against his face.
Years, he thought. They'd been fools for years.
He'd left another comment shortly after.
John scrubbed his hands over his face. When he let his hands drop, Sherlock had turned away.
John stumbled, blood roaring in his ears. He bumped into someone, muttered a halfhearted apology.
"Now he's gone and gotten himself drugged," Sherlock protested, looking away. "That didn't happen to me."
He went into the kitchen. Turned on the kettle. His hands were shaking.
"Like this?"
"Why do you never ask me about Mary?" he said.
What a wasted opportunity. To allow himself to be led like a stumbling fool, ushered to bed, soothed to sleep. He should have been collecting data, he should have been putting that time to use, he should have been
It is late, very late, when she hears the soft knock at her door.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak. Did not get the chance.
"I told John—" she started.
"Me too," he said, his voice breathless, and John paused in his assault on Sherlock's neck.
miserable, I've been bloody miserable since I got back. But these last few days—I'm not miserable anymore, Sherlock, and I've got you to thank for that. So try not to die, yeah?"
Molly looked discomfited. She shifted in her chair again, picked up her mug, set it back down. "It's not—I'm not angry at you for the reason you think I am."
Jennie Teller's face stared back at him. He'd inadvertently clicked on her profile.
"Oh, are you offering?" Janine leaned back against the sofa, stretched a bit. Made a satisfied sound. "Because I think I'd cheerfully murder someone for takeaway."
Sherlock chose a wedding ring with very little fanfare. There were no staged arguments and no hysterics.
He drew up short, breathing hard. He'd not catch John, not on the Tube. And even if he could, interrupting John's retreat and cornering him in such a way would only put him on the defensive. He'd be likely to lash out, to bury his need under a flurry of righteous anger.
John lifts his head, looks at him. He nods, a short, sharp motion. He does not ask for clarification, and Sherlock does not offer.
"Legally, yes." John scowls. It is disingenuous, framing it this way, he knows. They'd made a mess of things, and Sherlock had been—well, in the end, he'd been very
Twenty years. She had been in his life for twenty years, and while there had been plenty of rows, plenty of shouting matches and frightful bursts of temper, there had never before been a silent seething anger quite like this.
"By the way, I
He throws the newspaper away when he is done with it. He wishes he had not purchased it at all. There is nothing he can do about Sherlock's reputation. Lestrade will not take his calls. He supposes he should consider himself lucky that he's not in prison.
John put his hand over his eyes, pinched his brow.
"Hm?" John prompted. The pulse thumped under his fingers.
His room was dark and quiet. He lay flat on his back under the covers, stared up at the ceiling. Thought of all the times he'd gone to sleep with Mary next to him while he quietly wished he could be somewhere else, with someone else. Thought of how he'd wished he could take those thoughts back, once she was gone.
Harry meets the Abominable Brother for lunch. She returns quiet, contemplative.
John lets him go, steps back slightly. His expression is odd. Was he expecting a big emotional scene? If he is, he'll be leaving disappointed. Sherlock does not have it in him to do this again. There is only so much he can reasonably be expected to take.
He should have said it. There were a lot of things he should have said.
The message on the lock screen taunted him.
Sherlock, his hair plastered against his skull and his eyes a little wild, his face flushed from a successful outing, had crowded in close behind him. "Most people," he'd said, taking the key from John's hand and fitting it neatly into the lock, his breath ghosting over the shell of John's ear, "are idiots."
John waited, but he said nothing more. Outside, a lorry rumbled past.
A moment later, Sherlock and Janine appeared, pink-cheeked and contrite. Sherlock's hair was mussed. His jacket was rumpled. There was a smear of lipstick on the right side of his neck, just above one of his freckles.
But he'd never know the truth.
"Well. Plenty of that to go around."
"Sherlock?"
They'd not known of his estrangement from Mary. They'd not known that he had not spoken a single word to her after they'd locked eyes over Sherlock's convulsing form. They'd not known that their silence towards each other was down to anything more than a minor quarrel, the kind couples had all the time around the holidays.
"It's true," John said, and he put his hand on Sherlock's back, intending to give him a friendly pat. Instead he squeezed, let his hand linger. Sherlock's shoulder was warm and solid under his palm. "He did."
Still, it was—it was—
"Well. Now that we've got the hard part out of the way—"
"Please tell me you've brought cigarettes," Sherlock said.
"Sherlock," Mycroft said, looking up at the ceiling. "I cannot simply—"
There was a click, a muted whisper of indrawn breath.
The bakery was clearly well regarded, going by the steady stream of customers. The bell over the door jingled and jingled and jingled ceaselessly with the traffic.
"She said I could stay as long as I needed," Rosie said.
"Just did," Sherlock said, holding out his phone. "But there are certain expectations."
Sherlock blinked at him. Frowned, his brow furrowing up. "Why would I have a favourite case?"
"Whirlwind romance," Sherlock says, his voice flat, utterly devoid of emotion. "How apropos."
"I was his friend," John said.
John breathed out hard, shook his head. He feared he might be sick.
Down the hall, the child—Rosie—screamed and screamed and screamed.
It felt too far away.
Perhaps that was just the sort of life one lived as a spy. Even if it wasn't all as thrilling as films would have him believe, he thought it fair to assume MI6 was not particularly compatible with domesticity or long term relationships.
He'd have to find a new sitter. It would be a bit of a struggle getting Rosie acclimated—she tended to be wary around strangers. And he'd have to find someone flexible, someone who understood the occasionally unpredictable nature of his work schedule.
"I wanted you not to be dead."
"Of course I didn't bloody regret it," John says, rearing back a bit. "I thought—well, I don't know what I thought. I didn't know how to bring it up."
"Your brother saved your life," John said. It was not a question.
"John!"
"It was meticulously researched," Sherlock had frowned. "I thought you'd find it helpful."
Time seemed to slow down.
Mary was dead, she had held his gaze and said
John frowned, shifted in his chair a bit. "Bit late to start talking like that, isn't it?"
"I'm—" John's voice caught. He swallowed, hard, tried again. "I'm sorry that you had to."
Sherlock blinked at him.
"Look, I'm going to go—" John started.
John paused, halfway out of his chair, his hand clenched around the handle of his cane.
The machine begins to whir, internals fans kicking up. The screen flickers.
A surgical scalpel.
"Utterly bladdered, yeah," she said. She laughed a little, shook her head. "It was fecking perfect—he came stumbling in and made a scene, accusing me of wanting to cheat on him before the wedding. It couldn't have gone any better if we'd planned it."
"What's your name?" he asked, finally.
John's exhalation was loud in the quiet room. "Sherlock—"
Lestrade had called him on the riverbank. He'd been out of breath from running, half-giddy with relief that they were alive. He'd slapped John on the back, laughing, shaking his head.
John finished the last of his beer, scratched at the sticky bartop with the edge of a fingernail. He'd been good at this, once. Socialising. He'd liked it. Hadn't he?
and I were just about to have a little chat."
"GPS," Billy says. "Just use the GPS!"
"Then explain," John says. His voice is sharp, a little desperate. "Explain it to me."
"Oh?"
And it might have been easy to accept this substitute, months ago, scraped raw as he'd been. But not now.
Sherlock waits for the inevitable rant. He is surprised when nothing comes.
He turned back to the mantel. Touched the urn. Thought of Mrs Hudson and the tea she used to bring him in the mornings, her habit of hoovering in the afternoons with the radio blaring. She'd been warm and strange and stronger than she looked, right up to the end. And she'd always, always been on his side.
"Kettle's boiled, in case you didn't hear me before. Yeah. You can make your own tea. Only—I mean, I've only told you a thousand times about replacing the milk when it's run out. Don't know why I ever expected that to sink in."
ago!"
"You're going to need to be a bit more specific," John grumbles, rolling over, burying his face in the pillow. "And I don't suppose there'd be any good in asking if this can wait until morning?"
He laughed humourlessly. "Help me?"
It has been thirty-two seconds.
Amazement seems to be winning out over the outrage. John shifts where he stands. His hand clenches around the handle of his cane, but he does not lean on it.
"Mocking the décor, making unreasonable demands—"
He walked for what felt like hours, the night air cold and wet against his cheeks. He kept one hand cupped protectively over his pocket, reassured by the weight of the phone that rested there.
my family. All right? I'm sorry that I've made you doubt that. I'm so fucking sorry. I wish I could take that back. There are so many things I wish I could do differently. So many things. I'm so—"
"John," Sherlock said again.
"John," Sherlock said. He flung his arm out, chasing John's retreating hand.
"Well," John said. He could no longer invent excuses to linger. "I guess I'll just—erm. Go."
John glances at her again. "I told you what I used to do."
Still, he'd thought she was displaying remarkable dexterity for her age.
John stood up, went to the kettle.
There were footsteps. His heart jumped.
John shut his eyes. A miserable sound escaped his throat. Wetness had pooled on his cheeks and he swiped angrily at it.
"Why?" Sherlock asked. His voice was very quiet. There was something sad in it, something almost accusing.
John smiled at him, gave a small shrug of his shoulders. "Hardly a crime, that. I've always liked watching you work."
He breathes out hard through his nose, shuts his eyes. Clenches and unclenches his hand. Flexes his fingers. Murmurs a few soothing words to Rosie, who has started to settle down.
"Can I get a glass of water?" Wiggins asked.
John's lips slipped unerringly against his, the tip of his tongue darting out to seek welcome. His mouth tasted of mint. His left hand came up to cup Sherlock's face, his right hand twining their fingers together where they pressed against the sofa cushions.
"It should be clear,“ she said, a little desperately. "Your brother said he made sure it would be clear. We’re supposed to have ten minutes.”
"Oh," Sherlock said. He looked at John, looked away. It was difficult to say, in the darkness, but John thought there was a flush beginning to creep up the long pale line of his neck.
"Why?"
"He was an absolute terror, you should have seen him," Janine said.
He shakes his head, looks down. Clears his throat. "I should be—"
"You're a soldier. You know what it means."
"Shit," John says. He swallows hard. "You did it."
She'd dated a bit over the years, but never anything serious.
Sherlock's head lolled towards him, his skin white, wet cold hair trailing against John's neck.
"I—" Pete said. "You—"
It was all the prompting John needed. He launched himself out of the aisle, neatly tackling the man to the ground. The knife clattered against the floor, skidding away.
"Yes, I know. Astonishing. Impressive. Amazing. Unbelievable."
He thinks about going inside, about seeing the innkeeper who had made a good-natured (but mistaken) assumption about him and Sherlock. He thinks about staying in the room they'd shared, the one with the two tiny creaking beds against opposite walls. He thinks about cracking open that bottle of scotch and drinking until the sun comes up.
John frowned at him, but made no effort to dispute it.
"Into battle," he murmured.
The house was very quiet. It was lonely. He was able to forget that, sometimes, when Rosie was awake and filling the space with her lively babble. He was able to forget, but not for very long.
He put on his coat, went down the stairs and out into the cold morning rain. Locked the door behind him.
Sherlock was not in his chair, nor sprawled on the sofa. Gone out, then. Embarrassed, maybe. Or distracted or busy or just looking for another fix. Who knew? Who ever knew, really, when it came to Sherlock Holmes?
Sherlock could recall the expression on Rosie's face. The proud, stubborn smile. He'd watched that smile crack, had watched her face harden and close off in a way he'd never seen.
Sherlock opened his eyes. Looked at John, rumpled and beautiful. The carefree joy that had radiated from him just moments ago was fading, bit by bit, from his face, and that was utterly unacceptable. He ought to fix this, and quickly, before John went and decided to spend another year punishing himself.
"Coincidence my arse," John said, but went to her. "Divide and conquer, yeah?"
"John?" Sherlock said. He inclined his head.
"Is that so difficult to believe?"
He set the phone down. Looked at the stack of patient charts on his desk. "Hm? Yeah. I'll—I'll text him. When I get a chance. Bit busy now."
"I can help you."
John blew out air between his teeth. "I know."
"Why was she here?"
"Right," he'd said, finally, when the silence had stretched on between them for far too long. "Right, yeah. No. You're right. Of course you're right. You're always right."
John bounced his knee, stared out the window. It would have been easier to go home first, to unload his packages and unpack his bags, to settle Rosie before trying to make contact with Sherlock. But he'd given the cabbie the Baker Street address without hesitation.
"Protection?"
That brought John up short. "Um."
"Private theatre," John said. He shook his head, scoffed. "Of course he'd have a bloody private theatre."
It was warm.
I don't really, erm, my focus was on her at the time, yeah? Not what was around us."
John sighs. "All right. No. Sherlock is—look, whatever it was that I thought we had, it wasn't enough. It was very obviously not enough. He was—well, he was married to his work."
Blood roared in his ears. He turned, scanned the room for Janine, could not find her. The attendant had retreated back to her desk, was staring at her computer. She looked ill.
Sherlock looks away. It is seared in his mind, the expression on John's face that night. He will never be able to delete it, no matter how hard he tries.
There had been a lot of hangovers. Too many, lately, enough that Sarah had moved past raising her brows at his disheveled state in the mornings and had progressed to rolling her eyes. He supposed it was only a matter of time before she fired him, past romantic history be damned.
You need to be in hospital."
He did not particularly want to continue the conversation. Bad enough he had to put up with—whatever it was that Sherlock and Janine were playing at. He had only just reconciled with Harry, after all, and he wasn't keen on lying to her more than he had to in order to keep Sherlock's secrets.
Clearly his late-night ruminations had done little to appease his subconscious.
He opened the door. Looked at the stairs. Wondered how long he could put off climbing them, how long he could put off looking Sherlock in the eye.
"Evan never mentioned me," the man said. It was not a question.
No. It wasn't Moriarty that was frightening. It was what Moriarty could do. Would do.
John opened his eyes.
But John knows him, can read the wild discomposure that thrums just below the placid surface.
but. Those hopes had been dashed when he'd lifted the lid on Sherlock's coffin.
"No," Sherlock said, his voice low, thoughtful. "I mean. I never expected to see you. But there you were. Over and over again."
"This route," John said, following now, finally. "Any particular reason?"
"Almost certainly."
had taken a knife to it, had split the fabric in a jagged grin beneath the holes, a grotesque parody of the smiling face on the wall in 221B. Chair stuffing poked through, soft and gauzy, not unlike clouds.
"No," Sherlock said, reaching out to pluck the torch from Lestrade's hand. He aimed the beam up at the darkened windows overhead, illuminating an open window. A wispy curtain fluttered in the light breeze.
"Right," John said, and tried to imagine what it would be like, tagging along after Sherlock and Janine. Watching the pair of them take the lead, play their roles, completely and utterly in sync with one another. It sounded like a bloody nightmare. "I'll—well. No promises. I'll see if I can arrange a sitter."
Distantly, John was aware that Janine was laughing. He turned away from Sherlock, looked at her. She was sprawled against the armrest of the sofa, watching them with bright eyes. She looked entirely comfortable, content. Like she belonged there.
It was uncomfortable, and yet it felt familiar, tugged at some long-buried heartstring. He'd loved these grounds, once. He'd been a boy, and he'd run wild through the tall grass.
