“Give me a moment.” He said. He got up and walked to the door, knocking loudly. A guard slid back the metal peep bar at the top of the door and looked through. Castiel made sure to position himself in front of Dean, so that the guard couldn’t see he was no longer gagged or blindfolded.
“What, about us?” Dean asks.
Castiel reached into his pocket and handed Dean his phone.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas says, finally. “We will...do our best.”
“Uhh…” Kevin glanced at Dean, then over at Tessa at the time clock, who was looking at them funny. “Thanks, Your Highness?”
And then it's like Cas’s patience snaps, and suddenly, Cas is dragging his underwear away from his aching erection, finally freeing it. Then he wraps his fingers around the base of Dean’s cock, and without any preamble at all, swallows him down.
Cas hums.
“Bye Dean.”
Cas nods. “Alright.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “You’re being paranoid, Dean.”
“What about the flower?” Dean pipes in. “I mean, it even has a sign in it saying ‘I feel lucky.’”
“I’m fine, Tessa.” Dean assured her. “Nothing I can’t handle.”
“Alright, let's wash out.” Dean says after a few more moments. He's already half-hard from the way Cas keeps moaning; if they keep this up any longer, Dean’s gonna have a predicament in his pants to take care of, and he'd rather avoid that, thank you
Castiel did. And he hated every moment of it. He cursed his sense of duty to its very core. He sometimes wished he could rip it out and fall from grace, like an angel falling from heaven.
“You can’t force me to love someone I don’t, Mother!” Castiel threw his hands up in indignation.
If anyone in the diner has anything to say, they keep it to themselves.
“I’ll see you soon, Sam.” Castiel vowed. “Please, be careful.”
Castiel points to his canvas bag on the counter. “Honey, my favorite soap, and homemade almond butter.”
Cas groans in reply. “My luck continues to deteriorate.” He casts a withering glance at the iris in the corner. “And now
Cas cocks his head to the side slightly, in that adorable way of his, but does as Dean requests. Dean turns away to give the guy some privacy.
“I don't mind, Cas.” Dean assures him gently. “Shit happens. It's normal every once in a while.”
“I’m fine, Kevin.” Dean assured him. “We just have...a real pain in the ass customer at the moment, that’s all.”
“Cas, don’t!” He manages.
In his rush to get to Dean, Castiel’s hood had fallen back, revealing his identity to everyone in the crowd.
“I want to tell Sam.” He says. “I'm pretty sure he's suspected that there's something going on between us for a while now. I've never...
Dean vows, right then in there, that he will do everything in his power to never betray that trust, to protect it like the precious thing it is.
“Fine.” Kevin plucked the bill from his hand. “But I’m keeping the change.”
“Hey, this ain’t your fault.” Dean assures him softly, stepping closer to Castiel’s chair. “You didn’t do this on purpose.”
Castiel slid into the back seat and buckled his seat belt. Haley turned slightly in the front seat to get a better view of him.
“Awwww, you’re smitten.” Gabe teased.
“So you said that the lady that had the iris before you bought it today died, right?” Both Dean and Cas nod, and Sam continues. “Well, I did a search for local obituaries up in Hastings, and I found one I think might fit the bill.” He turns the laptop towards them, and Dean feels Cas’s breath on his neck as the former angel leans over his shoulder to peer at the screen; his spine tingles and he forces himself not to grin like an idiot.
“Castiel, this is preposterous. Stand aside.” Naomi commanded.
Dean mouths at Cas’s erection through his boxers, and one of Cas’s hands finds his hair again and
Cas insists. He takes one of Dean’s hands and kisses his palm. “I am not made of glass, you know. I will not break.”
There, protruding from her neck, is a large piece of broken terracotta flower pot. Cas stands behind her, chest heaving, blood dripping from a scrape on his stubbly cheek, and hair a glorious mess.
Bela loudly cleared her throat, and Castiel turned his attention away from Dean to look at her. She was glaring at the two of them, her arms crossed. Her red polished fingernails tapped peevishly against her bicep.
He smooths his hand along Cas’s ribcage, splaying his fingers against the warm skin, as though he’s a potter molding clay. Cas responds to it like it's the air he needs to breathe, like he was made for this. His hands clutch in the sheets, and he's biting his lip so hard it looks like he could draw blood as he tries to hold back a moan. His eyes are closed, screwed tightly, as he arches into Dean's palms.
“What kind of person does that?!” Tessa demanded. “She better be glad I wasn’t here; I’d have kicked her ass ten ways to Tuesday.”
CASTIEL: I doubt the TSA would let you on a plane with a shovel.
The thought is like a life giving fire in his soul - the very soul this man claimed and pulled out of hell - and the wave of love that washes over him makes his skin erupt in goosebumps.
Haley plugged the information into her GPS on the dashboard, and began driving, turning the corner and driving them away from the palace. Castiel turned to watch as it got farther and farther away from view as they drove farther into Celestine.
“Dean!” He said, quietly. “Dean, it’s alright, it’s me.”
“Someone at the ball recognized him.” Castiel explained. “And she exposed him.”
“No, I’ll let Cas take care of that!” Sam retorts.
“Your astute observation has done us all a great favor.” Naomi praised and Castiel felt a flare of anger at the way Bela smugly preened under the attention. “You will be rewarded for it.”
“I...I don’t know.” Cas shakes his head, and lets Dean help him to his feet again. “I don’t know what’s gotten into me.”
“Mother, I’m perfectly capable of carrying my own luggage.” Castiel said.
It all made perfect sense to Castiel what Dean was doing, and it made him sick to his stomach.
Sam laughed and walked away. Dean looked at Eileen and signed,
Cas sighs, and looks at the iris out the corner of his eye.
“Now, I’m sure Castiel is tired from his long trip, and would probably like to go to bed.” Chuck said.
Cas sobs against his shoulder, and Dean pulls back to cradle his face in his hands. Watery blue eyes stare up at him, one hand covering his wrist, and he leans in and kisses Cas softly. Cas tastes like blood and potting soil, but Dean doesn’t care. It’s over, and they’re safe, and alive. That’s all that matters.
“I have an idea.”
“I think so.” Cas answered. “Some people knit, some paint, some watch slime videos on YouTube. You just happen to like restoring classic cars. It’s not all that much different than putting together models, just on a larger scale, if you ask me.”
“Totally nailed that cover story.” He says, smug.
“Same.” Haley said. “So what brings you out this late at night, Mr. Novak?”
that felt.
“Sure, c’mon.” Dean said. “Fair warning, it ain’t the Ritz or nothin’, but I promise it’s clean.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greeted.
Naomi stood, eyes wide and mouth open in shock as she took in the amass of people on the dais, standing in front of Dean, protectively. A wall of people stood between her and the thief that had been a thorn in her side for six years; a wall of love and loyalty, ready to fight and defend until the very end, if it came to that. And it was led by her brother.
Natalia slams her hands against the table furiously and Brandie jumps.
As far as Castiel was concerned, regardless of how his mother felt about how auspicious a match they would make, he had no interest in marrying someone who felt such disdain for his kingdom and people.
Dean felt a wisp of jealousy, “I’ve never left Caelum,” he said.
Dean grimaced. “So, according to your mom, your whole dating profile is all about what political ties could come out of it?”
” Sam groans as he comes up beside them, tipping his face towards the sky. “
“I know.” Castiel said. “I do, too.”
Fresh tears sprang to his eyes, and he choked on them as he bent over Dean, the salty drops falling onto Dean’s hair.
“If my GPS is right, yeah.” She said.
He had also missed his older brother, Gabriel, fiercely. Despite Gabriel being nearly six years older than Castiel, the two had always been very close, despite the fact that they were polar opposites. Where Castiel was quiet, reserved, and somewhat serious, Gabriel was loud, vivacious, and full of energy. Gabriel always had a trick up his sleeve, their father affectionately calling him “the trickster” as far back as Castiel could remember; if something odd or some strange bit of bad luck befell a palace worker, it was almost guaranteed to have been the work of the Crown Prince, without a doubt. Castiel smiles as he remembers the time Gabriel had released a single cricket into the library where they had received private tutoring for much of their childhood. Their tutor, a sniveling, whiny-voiced man named Marv, had damn near had a nervous breakdown, and had nearly pulled every book from the shelves in an attempt to find the wayward insect, if only to make the madness stop. Castiel and Gabriel still laughed at the color Marv’s face had turned when Naomi had walked into to find him tearing apart the royal library.
“Thanks.” Dean replies as he picks up his side of the pot again.
The men holding Dean stopped him a few paces behind the block, so that he faced the crowd. Castiel saw him lift his head slowly to look, glassy eyed and trepidous, at the block. He saw his throat bob as he swallowed, hard, and he set his jaw, unwilling to allow anyone here know he was scared. He watched as Dean turned his gaze towards the crowd beyond the block, surveying the hooded faces until he caught sight of his family. Castiel saw him give a short, almost unnoticeable, nod towards them, and Sam gave a nod back, still holding tightly to Charlie.
“Sounds good.” Sam nods and takes another bite of spaghetti. “Use a condom.”
“I saw a small café on the ride in this morning called
“Regardless, I would expect the Crown Prince to have more tact.” Naomi said. Castiel winced at her vitriolic tone, but Gabriel just took a drink of coffee, completely nonplussed.
“How dare you?” She demanded. “You really have no idea who you’re fucking with.”
He’s going to die, he realizes.
Dean suddenly feels like a Class-A asshole.
Gabe rolled his eyes. “I’ll have you know, that mustache has gotten me into countless bars incognito.”
“Yeah, exactly.” Gabe sat back against the seat and took the flask back from Castiel. “I dunno what I did to deserve finding Kali when I did, but I’m fucking thankful.”
“What happened?” Sam asks, carefully stepping around both the pie disaster and the shards of glass.
“You said you live near here.” Cas said conversationally.
“Dean,” Cas gasps, and he sounds absolutely wrecked. Dean groans as he feels his cock twitch in interest. “Dean, please.”
“I was hoping you’d make an exception for me.” A familiar voice said.
Dean’s smile was small and sad.
“Forgive me, Your Majesty,” a saccharine, poshly accented voice said from behind him and Castiel turned to find Lady Bela approaching them. “But I think it’s best you know the truth of your brother's mysterious dancing partner.”
"—anything, just tell me, and I'll help you. Capiche?"
Things had started out well enough, with Lord Talbot happily engaging him in conversation about New York; as he had a particular interest in fine art, he found Castiel’s recountings of the various museums NYC had to offer fascinating. Castiel had never interacted much with Lord Talbot, but he found that he greatly enjoyed his jovial company over Bela’s any day.
Cas laughed. “That doesn’t surprise me, considering how well you’ve taken care of your own car.”
“You good?” His voice is thick, and he hopes Cas won't hear it.
“You could say that.” Dean said. He’d be
Dean drags Cas back towards him by his hips, pressing him up against the doorframe; one of Cas’s hands finds its way into Dean’s hair and tugs gently, and Dean moans appreciatively; he’d forgotten how
Dean laughed. “Whatever, man.” He said. “You’re potentially saving my ass here. You deserve it.”
“You try and die again and I’ll kick your ass.” She said, sweetly.
“Glad I could help, then.” Dean tried to grin, but the tang of frothy milk was sour on his tongue as he realized the extent to what had just happened.
Dean answers his silent question by grabbing Cas’s hands, and threading their fingers together. He presses them down into the mattress, and he feels Cas relax into it, squeezing his hands.
“You bitch!” Natalia hisses. “I
Did Castiel,
“Thank you, Brandie, for your help.” Cas says, smiling at her. “Your level head and quick thinking helped save both of us.”
Dean mumbled under his breath as he passed through the doors into the kitchen, a few choice words slipping out of his mouth. Kevin, one of the kitchen staff, looked up in alarm.
“This isn't making me feel any better.” Cas says. He looks over his shoulder at Dean; he has his smitey face on again, but this time, Dean can tell it's turned inward. He hates the dismay he sees in those blue eyes.
“Look,” Sam sighs. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I’m just saying...it’s about freaking time.” He sets down his fork and steeples his fingers. “Just...please. I’m begging you. Keep it in the bedroom, okay?”
The plane dipped, and Castiel looked out the window to watch as the Caelum ground came up to greet him in a single, jolting moment, bringing his future - with all its inevitable unknowableness - abruptly with it.
he signs.
In New York, Castiel had taken to meditation to help him find balance in his everyday life at university. He had found it to be highly influential, and extremely cathartic. It had become a way for him to unwind, to sort through his thoughts, to center himself. He began to school his breathing, helping him slip further into a meditative state. He laid on his bed, hands folded atop his stomach, and allowed himself to just
He looks back at Cas, who is looking at him with a small smile, head tilted to the side.
“I can’t see shit.” He says. He gestures for Castiel to follow him, and they walk around the house to the backyard. Castiel nearly tips the cart over when the wheels hit an uneven patch of pavement, and he growls in frustration.
“I wish it could be that way for me,” he admitted.
“Definitely.” Dean punctuates this by kissing him again before letting him go.
“Your brother and I have not yet engaged in sexual congress,” Cas says, and Dean wishes he could melt into the ground right then and there. “But I believe I speak for us both when I say that I appreciate your support, Sam.”
“Smartass,” Dean huffs out a laugh that quickly bites off into another moan as Cas resumes his ministrations. “Fuck, Cas, don't stop.”
“That’s $44,000, dude!” He laughs. “That’ll pay rent, at least!”
He asks.
Dean counters back.
“So what if they are?” He asks.
“Sam,” Dean warned. “Don’t.”
again.)
entails.
Castiel frowns and squints at him. “Why?”
Castiel blinks. “Excuse me?”
They were right; it would kill Dean, but only if the plan Castiel was formulating didn’t work.
Castiel glared.
“Oh thank god.” Kevin breathed. “Not going to lie, she scared the shit out of me.”
“Goddammit, boy,” she could be heard saying between them. “You ever scare us like that again and I’ll hang your ass on my wall, you got it?”
that little voice in his head is back, and Dean is certain it's suicidal from the way it keeps popping up where it's not wanted.
. And given the lives they all lead, that’s a rare and precious thing.
“Don’t be.” Cas said. “I have accepted the hand life has dealt to me. Had I found someone before now, it would not have been the issue it currently is, but considering the time is ticking, my mother is particularly focused on setting me up with the most politically promising and publically gainful matches she can, to see if any stick. The choice is ultimately mine, but tradition dictates that I must make a decision before my 26th birthday in September. Should I happen to fall in love, or even find someone somewhat tolerable with any of the suitors shown my way, that would be ideal, but my mother is not as concerned with that aspect.”
Castiel’s sighed and dropped into one of the chairs. He rubbed the bridge of his nose.
Suddenly, the gun in his hand flies across the room as Natalia flicks her wrist. It fires as it hits the wall, and Brandie yelps as she covers her head and ducks for cover.
They very quietly slip into the house, with Castiel taking extra care to raise and lower the cart of the iris over the threshold to avoid making any noise. Dean takes the lead, with Castiel at his back, and leads the way through a modern kitchen, its cabinets open and in disarray. They slowly make their way forward, emerging in a dining room attached to a large living room.
“Yeah, and I’ll hold you while she does it, too.” Jody chimed in.
If Natalia has up and left in a hurry, she must have had something to hide or run from. It only aids in Castiel’s belief that she is, in fact, the witch they’re looking for.
“Are...are you okay?” Cas asks, and Dean watches as his wide blue eyes dilate as their gazes meet. “You’re...um.” He trails off, and Dean watches his adam’s apple bob.
Dean tapped the mask. “‘S why I went all out with this thing. And before you ask, I bought it, I didn’t steal it.”
“Here, Cas,” he hears his brother say to the former angel that Dean definitely
“This looks great, guys.” He grins.
Dean growled in frustration.
Cas keens, and jackknifes off the bed. Dean grins against his neck, and repeats the motion again...until he feels the wet spot that's formed at the front of Cas’s boxers. He pulls away, realization dawning quickly as he looks down, his fingers coming away slightly tacky.
Cas slowly curls his fingers again. His wrist is beginning to swell.
Cas sighed appreciatively as he took a sip.
BALTHAZAR: You only say that because you know I’m right.
“Save some coffee for me,” Sam calls after him as he walks down the hallway, back towards his room.
“You’re incorrigible.” He laughs.
Eileen laughed and signed back,
“You said you were from Lawrence?” Cas said, and Dean felt surprised he’d remembered their conversation from nearly a week ago.
Castiel said nothing, just allowed his mother to continue to prattle on, only half hearing her as she talked about all the events she was having Hannah help him manage. He found his mind straying back to the night before, how freeing it had been to be able to escape for a little while. How for just a moment, he could forget who he was and the weight that he was carrying in his shoulders, the stifling way his marriage was already pressing against his throat, even when it was not yet a reality.
“Cas!” He hears Dean call to him sharply. “You’d better get in here!”
They stand on the porch for several seconds, but no one comes to the door. Dean leans over to peer inside the window, cupping his hands against the glass. He shakes his head and turns back to Castiel.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
It becomes sort of their thing, really. On nights when neither of them can sleep – which is every night, as far as Castiel is concerned; angels don’t need sleep, after all – they both find their way into the kitchen, where they share a cup of tea, and talk. Sometimes it’s about the cases they’re all working on, or about an arcane bit of lore one of them read up on recently, or they swap stories back and forth, but they never pass up an opportunity to gossip about their respective Winchesters. Eileen tells Cas that Sam is an unapologetic blanket hog, and Cas tells Eileen that Dean is a cuddler and prefers to be little spoon. Sam’s drooling habits are often discussed, as are some of the bits and pieces of dialogue Cas has managed to gather from Dean’s sleep talking. Often times, they part with goodnights and several cups of tea between them, and smile knowingly at each other come breakfast time. It’s astoundingly funny, talking about the brothers right in front of them, without them even knowing it.
Dean hums, and crawls back up to kiss him. He eases Cas down until he's laying on the bed with Dean leaning over him, elbows framing his face. He presses his hips against Cas’s, and groans when their groins brush together; they're both hard, and Cas raises his knees so that Dean can slot perfectly between them, increasing the friction. Dean languidly rolls his hips and Cas fucking
“Hey, Cas, you decent?” Dean calls into the bathroom as he shoulders the door open.
For some reason, that idea did nothing but make Castiel sick to his stomach.
“Okay, now ten feet, Cas.” Sam calls to him, and Castiel takes a step two feet further back.
employ drivers, don’t they? Call one of them. What’s the use in paying for a cab when you have a chauffeur at your beck and call?”
has ruined this.”
Since then, hunts permitting, they'd tried to make it a bimonthly affair. It was usually just the two of them, but this time they'd decided to entice Dean into coming with them, though after Dean had rolled his eyes at the stalls and booths lining the sidewalk of the market, Castiel had wondered for a brief moment why. After he'd caught sight of the booth selling homemade pie, however, he'd been sold.
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “No one is to come in or out unless I say so, and you will tell no one I was here, do you understand?”
“I'm sorry, Cas,” he says. “It's just...your luck
Castiel nodded. “Thank you.” He said. He forced a smile, and nodded to his parents. “Goodnight, Mother. Father.”
“Do you want this, Cas?” He whispers.
“Until Marjorie won.” Cas interjects.
He wishes they could have confessed their feelings for each other under better circumstances, but Dean can’t bring himself to regret any of it, nonetheless.
Sam glares. “Jerk.”
BALTHAZAR: So? You’re the prince! That means free drinks!
“I keep wondering if I really did die.” Dean said softly. “And that this might actually be heaven. That maybe I did something good enough to deserve it.”
she returns, remembering the nickname Dean called him. She nods her head towards the closed door at Castiel’s back.
“Comin’ up.” Taylor says. He takes their menus and goes to put their order in.
“Cas, I am so sorry.” He noses gently at Cas’s face, and Cas lets out a shuddering sigh. “My timing is shit. I didn't...I didn't even think about how this might look. I'm sorry.” He swallows. “But I promise you...this is real. I've wanted this - wanted
Dean’s skin prickles at the degrading tone of Natalia’s voice when she calls Cas
A few moments later, Cas came strolling back into his kitchen, curiously surveying Dean’s apartment.
“Shit!” Dean jumps back as the glass shatters against the floor tiles. “What the hell, Cas?!”
The hostess nods slowly before she smiles. “Well, good luck with your research, professor!” She says. She hands them both menus. “Your waiter will be Taylor and he’ll be right over.”
Castiel could see the question swirling in her eyes.
“Welcome home, Your Royal Highness.” A guard smiled at him.
Castiel wishes he could feel the same way, but the issue still stands: he got himself jinxed, and he brought that burden onto his family and into their home. He swallows against the nausea that rises from deep within his stomach at the idea that they may not be able to find out what this is, or how to fix it. If that’s the case, if Castiel is destined to die, same as the people who lost the rabbits foot the Winchesters were talking about, he will not hesitate to distance himself from them. They’re his family, and he loves them (albeit in very different ways). He will not allow harm to befall them for his own misgivings.
“Then promise me one thing.” Dean looked at him seriously. “Take care of Sam and the others for me. Please, Cas, take care of my brother. Make sure this doesn’t happen to him. Get him outta the kingdom, away from here. Please, just make sure he and the others are okay. That’s all I ask.”
“Yep.” Sam nods.
“Well,” Castiel said slowly. “You are a good driver.”
Wait…
“I don’t know why, but I think I might have a theory.” Sam says. “Wait here. I’ll be right back.”
“Don’t care.” Dean said. “I’ve seen enough to know that you’re a spoiled bitch that needs to be taken down a peg. Get the fuck out.”
Eileen slipped her hand in Sam’s, and pressed close against him, using her free hand to sign what Castiel recognized as “
“I’m suggesting more than that.” Gabriel said. “I’m suggesting that you don’t have any other choice, unless you plan to execute every single person on this platform today, including our own brother.”
After leaving Dean in Perdition, he’d retired back to his rooms, where he’d locked the doors and once again allowed himself to grieve in solitude. In a fit of anger, he’d upended his writing table, sending quills and stacks of parchment flying across the floor, the inkwell shattering, the dark blue ink slowly spreading across the polished floors of his chambers like blood. He’d quickly stripped himself of his waistcoat and boots, and had thrown himself down on his bed, head in his hands, for hours, with only the sounds of his own cries and the chiming of the large grandfather clock in the corner to keep him company.
They'd discussed it on the way here, and had decided that the best way to investigate whether Natalia was the witch they were looking for or not would be to pose as botanists, just as Dean had suggested back at the diner, and say they'd found the iris at a local greenhouse and had been directed to her when they'd asked of its origins, as they were interested in cultivating and breeding it. It wasn't solid by any means, but Dean had seemed sure that it would work in a pinch. Castiel hoped he was right.
Castiel felt the grief return full stop in his chest as he watched as Dean allowed himself to be led through the crowd, eyes trained on the ground in front of him. It hurt, to see Dean, usually so proud and strong, so defeated. He trampled it down, reminding himself that he needed to focus, that allowing himself to grieve now would only dull the senses he was going to need to pull this off.
“Alright, schlemiel,” he joked. “Sit and lay your head back.”
“Team effort.” Dean winks at Cas, and sits down at the table. “Dig in!”
“You need to get back to the palace, I can drive you.” He offered. “It sounds important.”
“Grab your shit.” He instructs, and Cas nods wordlessly and retrieves the lavender mint shampoo he uses from the shower stall he uses most frequently. He hands it to Dean.
Sam nods once, and goes back to eating his dinner. Dean looks at Cas, who licks his lips and glances back at him. He offers him a thin smile.
“Like that, huh?” He asks, swallowing against the thickness of his voice.
“Listen, Sam,” he finally managed. “It’s not safe here. You need to leave, before they catch you, too.”
Cas nods. "I capiche."
Cas’s eyes are shining when he nods.
Cas hummed. “Such is the life of a second born son, I’m afraid.”
Dean jerks a shoulder. "He wouldn't sell me Park Place…"
Sam can't believe what he's hearing. "Oookay? So?"
He's obviously put a lot thought into this gift. Whereas many people would just get a pre-packaged gift set and call it good, this guy is very deliberate in his selections. At least, he would be, if he had any idea what he was staring at. Chuckling to himself, Castiel decides to go easy on him. After all, not all guys would go through the effort to get their sister in law a thoughtful gift. Many would just opt for gift cards, or cash.
His box is crammed with three-days’ worth of mail and squooshed in along with it is a Ziploc baggie with...
There's a flash of light, and Castiel is gone.
“Nah, that’s okay. They’d just get gunked up again anyway. Engines aren’t forgiving, and the cars don’t care if my hands are soft or not.”
Not at all.
“At least I got a solid hit in. Didn’t know I had it in me. I’ve always been the good little soldier,” he sighs, leaning his head back against the booth.
“Now I’m insulted.”
“I said good, now let’s get started.”
Quickly, Cas grabs the discarded baby carrier and slips it over his shoulders, securing the waist belt behind him. He leans down and gently picks JB up, slipping him into the carrier and securing him in place. He checks to make sure there’s adequate air flow and that Jimmybean is comfortable before grabbing the throw from the back of the sofa and draping it over Dean’s sleeping form. He barely resists planting a soft kiss on Dean’s now-smooth brow, but he’s afraid of waking him. Instead, he rubs circles on JB’s back and quietly closes the doors to the living room.
before getting back to his horror flick marathon.
Castiel walks him over to the register and starts scanning his purchases. The store has mostly cleared out while they were talking, now it’s just a few stragglers making final decisions. “So Dean, would you like to join our Insider program?”
The package had arrived two days after he ordered it, complete with a list of suggested uses and installation instructions. He waited until Sam and Dean went to bed, then crept to the garage. Armed with a flashlight and the package, he apparated into Baby's pristine front seat and went to work. In less than 15 minutes he was done and back in his room.
“Using personal information collected for professional purposes is frowned upon,” Dean thinks that maybe he’s screwed up and offended Castiel, and he’s about to apologize when Castiel removes the scented card from his pocket and scrawls something on it. He slides it across the counter to Dean.
His stomach is flat again, if still soft.
to it is killing him. He really needs to come clean, at least to Cas. Then he can pass along to Gabe and Chuck what a complete asshole Dean has been once he leaves. He doesn’t like that idea any better than the other one. Quietly, he sits the tray down on Cas’ desk and gestures towards it. Cas looks at him like he’s never seen anything so wonderful and mimes pouring into a glass. Dean pours them each a glass of what turns out to be orange pineapple juice, and Cas takes it gratefully.
he thinks. Can he truly be blamed if he might have spent a
“What are we doing now,” Dean asks. He hadn’t been looking for perfume, as he’s pretty sure that’s more along the lines of a spouse gift than a loving brother gift. He watches as Castiel selects a bottle and a little white card. He sprays the card, waves it around, and holds it out to Dean.
“I’ve been with Jellybean.”
One of Michael’s hands is working at Dean’s fly, the other pressing his shoulders to the door. The anticipation he’s felt all night has become a burning need, and he wants Michael inside him yesterday. Michael’s hand finally slips inside his jeans and pushes them just below his ass, uses the bunched denim to yank Dean’s hips back. Michael kicks Dean’s legs as far apart as the denim will allow them to go, releasing his grip on Dean’s shoulder to fight with his own constricting pants. He leans forward and whispers in Dean’s ear, “Don’t move, sweetling, or you won’t get what you want.”
Dean’s eyes are rolling back in his head, he’s so close...just… Michael tightens his grip and rubs across the head of his cock, and that’s it. Dean’s coming all over the door, clamping down on the cock in his ass as he groans out his release. A few more thrusts and Dean feels Michael’s cock throb as he fills him.
“That’s not all, either.” She reaches into her pocket and hands him a neatly folded fifty dollar bill. “He insisted I give this to you. He said to tell you to treat yourself.”
"I just—I can't imagine how hard this is for you. And you're doing it alone. Where's your pack?"
“Waste of time and money. All you’re ever gonna do is take a knot and push out kids. Shoulda married you off when you first slicked. Now you got some outlandish ideas of bein’ good for more than knottin’ and breedin—”
to his knees on the floor, slapping Dean’s thighs apart. “Now, I fully intend to see if you taste as good as you look.” Dean might have laughed at that, if Cas wasn’t running his hands up along his inseams, using teeth and tongue to unbutton his jeans.
In a spacious home on the coast, a phone rings.
The first store he hits is JCPenney. There, he picks up a super comfortable set of pajamas for Eileen and a couple of shirts for himself. Next is Bath and Body Works. The women he knows enjoy relaxing bubble baths, and this place has dozens of scents to choose from. He picks out a couple of candles and three different bubble baths. When he notices the “buy 3, get one free” sign, he grabs a bubble bath for himself.
to provide for him. “I...oh god, what is he wearing?” His eyes burn and spill over, as they attempt to remain focused on the image in front of him.
“I’ll be good, Alpha, I promise,” Dean whimpers. The angle is a bit uncomfortable, but if it gets him railed, he’s all for it.
shouldn’t be thinking about his new neighbor.
Dean’s barely in the door before Michael is on him. “Been thinking about you all day, Omega. You made me wait.”
“Please tell me that’s not today.” Dean’s pretty sure that he’s going to lose his mind if Cas decides they’re gonna take their time about this.
“Whoa, buddy. What’s got your panties in a twist tonight, Jimmy?” He hadn’t even noticed Dean making his way down the bar, he was so irritated. Dean’s presence had the same calming effect on him that it always did, and he was able to speak without sounding entirely like an asshole. Hopefully.
Three hours later, Dean had the outline of a plan. It was amazing. It was perfect. He didn’t know why he didn’t think of it before. The only downside? It relied heavily on scents. You can’t just buy smelly stuff online. What if it smells differently than you’re expecting? What if it sounds really good, but smells really bad? That would totally ruin The Plan. This was going to require a trip to…
You know who goes to the mall on a Friday night two weeks before Christmas? Crazy people, that’s who. Apparently, Dean is crazy. He puts his dishes in the sink, his empty bottle in the recycle bin, grabbed his jacket and keys, and heads into the garage. Gleaming under the overheads is the love of his life, his pride and joy, his 1967 Chevy Impala. Some people think Dean is crazy for driving a car older than he is. He thinks those people can cram it. He slides behind the wheel and starts her engine. It's going to take a minute for the car to warm up, so he reaches under the bench for his box of cassettes. Sammy keeps threatening to install an mp3 dock and bring Baby into this decade. Dean threatens to shave his head if he so much as hangs an air freshener from the rearview mirror. Baby remains firmly in the sixties, and Sam's hair remains the stuff of Pantene Pro V commercials.
to get out of here, before he embarrasses himself. He gestures towards the sleeping baby, “
Gabe just grins. “I’m the cool uncle, of
The first thing Gabe notices, after Dean’s sleeping form, is how bland the room is and how it’s almost offensive in its plainness. He better understands now why Dr. Mills had him bring certain things. Several things, actually. He’s dragging two suitcases and a duffel, not to mention the bunch of colourful balloons he tied to the suitcase handles. He seriously considers just dumping it all on the floor and booking it to the nursery before he decides that it’ll be much easier to get one of those rolling bassinet deals inside if there’s a clear pathway.
Three hours later…
Dean suddenly feels warm and sleepy. He’s barely managing eye contact with the doctor talking to him. “They’re okay?” He doesn’t miss how the doctor’s eyes slide down and to the left, but right now he’s too tired to question. They’re safe, and that’s all that matters. “‘s long as they’re safe, it’s gonna be okay.” He succumbs to the lethargy stealing through his bloodstream, secure in the knowledge that his little family is safe.
one. In the bathroom, he can hear the shower running next door. His hot, relaxing shower just became an entirely different kind of relaxing.
Cas just smiles softly at him. “It’s no trouble at all, Dean. I’m here for you. Both of you. Whatever you need.”
This was it. This was Cas' coup-de-grace to his pulling pranks on Dean. He couldn't have had a more epic finale. He pulls out his phone and takes a photo of Dean covered in glitter. The shutter sound is what snaps Dean back to reality.
. He wants a cold beer, a scalding hot shower, and about 14 hours’ worth of quality time with his memory foam, in that exact order. Cas’ porch light is on, so he must still be at work. Dean’s trying  to figure out what kind of pun to put on his next ornament. He spent most of his (rare) down time at the station on Pinterest, searching for ideas, and he’s not ashamed to admit that he’s got quite an extensive crafting folder now, neatly organized by occasion. Once he’s had his siesta, he’s making a trip to the art supply store. His family is all getting Dean Winchester Originals for Christmas this year.
he was a little (
xxXXXxxXXXxx
Without missing a beat, Cas shifts his attention to Dean’s earlobe. In a voice that would probably make him a decent living as a phone sex operator, he growls in his ear. “Oh no, Dean. After your little stunt in the shower last night, I lack the patience to truly torment you tonight.”
Cas sits up enough to give Dean The Eyebrow. “But?”
Cas tilts his head. “What’s the question, Dean?”
xxXXXxxXXXxx
“What’s up, Pam?”
“Oh fuck yes, Cas. Gonna fuck you so good, baby. Can’t wait to be inside you, split you open on my cock, fill you up-”
. In which case, he had a
“Thanks, Jimmy, really. Means a lot to, well, us.” Dean pats his belly and slides off the stool. He could feel his eyes burning and he refused to become another pregnancy stereotype, bawling at Hallmark movies and Kleenex commercials. Knowing that there’s someone out there that gives a damn about what happens to him and his baby makes him feel a little less lonely.
He doesn't trust himself to drive, and he knows that Cas is probably as sick as he is. He fumbles his phone out of his pocket. "Hey Google, call Short Stack."
idea. He opened his mailbox and saw Dean’s latest offering.
“Uh, well Cas, I’m almost done unpacking, and I’m sure you’re about to be very busy with-” he gestures at the messenger bag that is clearly testing the bonds of its stitching riding at Cas’ hip “all of that. I’ll let you get to it.” He turns to go back inside, then snaps his fingers and turns back to Cas. “Thanks for the ornament, by the way. It’s a nice welcome-wagon gift.” He smiles at Cas as he waves, stepping back inside his side of the duplex. “Bye, Cas! See ya around!”
” Cas looks down, almost as if he’s surprised to find himself physically attached to a small human. He purses his lips and shrugs one broad shoulder. “
Summary: There's a train wreck, and Jimmy is killed.
...Fine. I’m holding you to that.
Dean Winchester fucking loves Christmas. He loves the decorations, the food, spending extra time with his family and friends. He loves the parties. He even loves the sappy Hallmark movies. He loves all of it. But what Dean especially loves about Christmas?
“My brother, his
idea.”
Two months. He hasn’t had a heat in two months. No. No way. Just stress. Stress fucks with your system. Messes up your cycles. That’s all this is.
He looks at Castiel. He looks down at his lap, now covered in sparkles that didn't come off of a stripper. He looks back up at Castiel. Without a word, he gets out of the car, and starts brushing off what looks like an entire craft section-worth of glitter onto the floor of the garage. He pulls out his pocket knife and makes a shallow cut in his forearm. Dipping his fingers into the blood, he draws quickly on the floor.
Sam's face is valiantly trying to decide between Bitchface #12, and Shocked Puppy Sammy. He knew Dean was competitive, but this?
Castiel pulls up the photos and gasps. He would die for the small bundle in the photo. Would kill for him. He wants to hold him close and protect him. He wants—no,
“Where are you going?”
Castiel smirks, and damn is it an attractive look on him. He puts the card in his shirt pocket and repeats the process with a few other scents. Dean chooses two of the three and adds them to his basket. He can always pass one off on Sam if he decides he doesn’t want it when he gets home.
a grooming ritual. At this point though, he’s pretty sure Castiel could tell him that he needs sparkly nail polish in his life, and he’d buy a gallon. He glances at his hands, and it’s as if the man can read his mind.
“We’ll be fine, Dean. I got some of his things from the nursery after we left you to rest. As long as I walk with him, he’s perfectly fine.”
“Mr. Novak! Mr. Novak, calm down!”
“Where will you go?” Michael seems genuinely concerned, and Dean’s not sure what to do with that. The only other person to show concern over his welfare was Sam.
Sam is in the library, trying to catch up on some research. He's
“Is my dad. Try Gabe.”
“Are you sure, Cas? I don’t want him to get in your way while you’re working.” Dean’s fighting that battle that every first time parent has with themselves: the desire to just have an hour to themselves warring against the guilt of not being attached to your child 24/7.
“What’s that,” Dean asks, as if he didn’t hear clearly.
They’re not negative.
“So he’s awesome too, huh? Is he also ridiculously attractive?”
Dean has to physically restrain himself from shoving Michael’s handsome face through the wall.
“What if I don’t mind the funny business?”
"Hey!"
When he walks into Dean’s rooms, he notices that Dean’s patio door is ajar, and he smiles at the way it mirrors the last time this happened. He quietly checks on (sleeping!) Jimmybean then takes a seat in one of the armchairs in Dean’s sitting area. He doesn’t have to wait long before Dean comes inside.
The door closes right before the ugly-ass vase hits it. Whatever. Michael’s company can pay for the damages. Refusing to stay any longer than he has to, Dean packs his few belongings, tosses them in Baby’s trunk, and goes to work early.
“Would you just shut up and let me talk? I swear you’re worse than my brother.” Dean perks up. They’d briefly talked about their families, but nothing in-depth.
Gabe’s at a loss for that one. Castiel and Jimmy had been together since the womb. He and Castiel were close, but Jimmy and Castiel were close on a different level. “I wish I could tell ya, kiddo.” He sits down at the table and props his phone in its holder so he can talk to his brother while he eats. Multi-tasking is a thing, after all.
“Here, Dean. I’ll take him.”
“Oh, I’m sure he will. The way he went on and on about you? I won’t be surprised if he comes back tomorrow.”
"I was wondering why you're trying your damnedest to work yourself into bed rest? Why aren't any of your friends helping you? Where's your family?" Jimmy doesn't bother mentioning the person who put Dean in this position to begin with. Dean's never mentioned the baby's alpha parent, and Jimmy's not going to bring it up.
He stops for a pretzel before going to Barnes and Noble for a gift card and a new paperback. Three new books and four car magazines later, he begins to wish that the mall provided shopping carts. It’s okay, he’s got one last stop on his list, then he’s done.
The guy laughs. “It’s not the most awkward conversation I’ve ever had, but I suppose I deserved it for trying to convince a manager to hand out employee information.”
“Really, Cas?”
He’d felt drawn to Dean as soon as he’d sat down at the bar. It was like he emitted a tractor beam that just sucked Jimmy right into his orbit. He didn’t mind. He was, after all, new to the area. He could use some local friends. There was something about Dean, though, that made Jimmy think that they wouldn’t only be friends. He couldn’t pinpoint the sensation, he just had a feeling.
and Dean’s struck by the blue of his eyes.
Dean's washing the blood from his hand when Sam comes into the kitchen, tucking his phone back into his pocket. "Why is Cas texting me, asking me to come to Denver and pick him up? He was just here."
Dean may have been dead asleep, but the litany of abuse pouring from John hits him like ice water. “Wow, Dad. Don’t hold back, tell me how you really feel.” He starts yanking clothes from his dresser and closet, getting dressed for the day. If he’s gonna be up, he’s gonna go to the library. Fuck him if John Fucking Winchester is going to ruin the rest of his life, too.
---------
All of these, while amusing, wouldn't have warranted the banishing that Dean laid on Cas. What led to Cas' downfall came to him while he was surfing the internet. In hindsight, he really should have known better. Some things are sacred. Some things you just don't mess with.
“Fuck, Dean, you’re gorgeous. And one day, I’m going to take my time with you.”
“Knot My Alpha Ass.”
Jimmy leaves during a lull in the storm after waving to Dean who was busy with a table of senior ladies. He smiles and waves back, causing the ladies to all turn around and look. He can’t hear what they’re saying, but it makes Dean laugh. Jimmy chuckles to himself. He’s just met Dean, and already he can tell that he’s the type to draw people to him. The ladies all seemed familiar with him, and he with them. Jimmy knew he’d be back, and not just for the superior burger.
They sit at the kitchen table, and Dean is halfway through his first slice when Castiel breaks the silence.
“He’s made it his life’s work to hate me, Sammy. Nothin’ I can do to change that.” Dean grabs a couple duffels from his closet and starts shoving things inside.
Under normal circumstances, Dean would be livid right now. Knowing Jimmy the way he does, he knows that he's not implying that Dean's weak, but rather that he's concerned for Dean's health and that of his baby.
Castiel works with beautiful people every day, either in front of his camera or in his makeup chair. He knows exactly what it takes to turn the ordinary into the stunning, the plain to perfection. This man, however, needs no help. He’s roughly six feet of masculine beauty, sharp jaw, plush lips, tawny hair and a few days’ worth of scruff. All of this is enough to draw Castiel’s attention, but it’s his eyes that hold him captivated.
Dean opens the message.
Jimmy has made a point of going to Pam’s for lunch on the weekends and dinner twice a week. He always sits in Dean’s section, or at the bar if that’s where he’s working. They talk, but Jimmy gets the impression that there’s much more to Dean’s story than he’s telling. Why, for example, he’s busting his ass seven days a week at what looks to be halfway through his pregnancy. He understands that it’s not his business, and that he has no right to ask, but it bothers him. Where is his family? His partner? A guy like Dean has got to have dozens of friends, right? Where are all of these people when Dean could clearly use their support?
******
It hadn’t escaped Cas how Dean had been fixated on his lips during most of their conversation. It looked like his friendly gesture was having some unexpected benefits.
, rather than
When Michael comes in for lunch, he can tell something is wrong. Dean takes his break and fills him in on the day he’s had so far.
"Dean, what are you doing? It's not that bad, I got the biodegradable glitter so it could just be washed or swept out of-"
Castiel decides to hire out the final cleaning of the now-empty apartment, and after that all he has left to do is wait the next few days for his meeting with Jimmy’s lawyer. Not quite (almost) ready to go home, Castiel checks into a nearby hotel to decompress a bit after the events of the last few weeks. He’s not ready to face his childhood home, knowing that Jimmy will never come back. He shakes his head and throws his bags onto the bed. He pulls out his swim trunks. This hotel has a poolside bar and a hot tub, and he’s going to make damn good use of them.
“Cas, you’re busy. He’ll stop eventually.” They’ve raised their voices now to be heard over JB’s frantic wails. Dean’s patting his tiny back, trying to calm him down. The more Jimmybean cries, the worse Dean feels. Once again he unhooks the straps and transfers the carrier and JB back to Cas. After he’s strapped in, Jimmybean calms considerably. His sobs become hiccups before stopping altogether. He crams his thumb into his mouth and eyes his father. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d swear the boy was doing this on purpose.
Cas just smirks and walks over to Dean, flowers and stuffy in hand. “I was out earlier today and thought of you.” He hands Dean the bouquet. “And then I saw this and thought of JB.”
Now? Now, he’s not so sure. If Castiel were a computer, he’d be flashing the reboot screen. Or the Blue Screen of Death. In a voice that Gabe barely recognizes for its softness, Castiel asks, “Tell me about him?”
The kitchen’s not terrible. Sammy must have done some of the tidying up after dinner and so Dean loads the dishes into the dishwasher and sets it to run. He checks the fridge to see if he needs to add anything else to the grocery list. Grabs a slice of leftover pizza and stuffs it in his mouth as he walks down the hallway to check on Sammy. He finds him asleep with a book open on his chest and his lamp on. He turns off the light and continues to his own room.
Dean smiles. “Nope. No girlfriend. No boyfriend, either. Just me, the perpetually single brother.” If this guy is going to fish, Dean’s going to stock the pond. Why make it harder?
He grins. “You wanna help me top my tree, Cas?”
“I’d say here’s my spare key. When do you get off?” He almost throws the key at Dean in his haste to slide it to him.
"Son of a bitch!"
Gabe thinks. Gently, he removes the swaddling. He’s never seen, much less held, something so small. “Aren’t you sweet? You look like a jelly bean. Wait, has omega Daddy even named you yet? I don’t think he’s really gotten a chance yet, has he?” The baby just looks at him, as if to say;
Look who I ran in to!
Cas had had one of those days where he was reminded of why he became an educator. Even though it was the last day before a four-day weekend, his kids had been engaged, focused, and most importantly to him, kind to each other. Teens aren’t always as self-absorbed and oblivious as people like to think they are, especially in these days of social media. He knew that some of his students had burdens that would flatten many adults he knew. He worked hard to keep his classroom a safe haven, and today was one of the days that he felt he had succeeded.
The recorded mall closing message plays, and Dean realizes that he’s spent the last hour talking to the hottest guy he’s ever seen about skincare and cologne. Not his usual repertoire. Not to mention that not everything in this basket he’s holding is for Eileen. He’s not sure how he got talked into charcoal masks and citrus scrubs, but he enjoyed every second of it. He’s actually looking forward to going home and trying them out. After braving the mall this close to Christmas on a Friday night, and completing his Christmas shopping, he deserves some Dean Time. His biggest decision then will be whether to read one of his new magazines or one of the paperbacks while he sprawls in the tub.
“You sure as fuck did. Now you listen to me. I’m only gonna say this once.” Gabe is terrifying in his fury, in spite of the fact that Dean’s about six inches taller and fifty pounds heavier than him. “I don’t know what’s going on in your head. You don’t talk, I don’t ask. I figure you and Cassie can work it out between you. The important thing is you and Jimmybean are family. You became family when Jimmy chose you. I don’t care where you came from or who you were, because Jimmy loved you. Now, because we’re family, we’re going to forgive you running off like an idiot, making yourself and Cas sick. Let’s go home. You’ll all feel better.”
“Yes, Dean?”
And rings again.
“It was the best place for  him until we could get you back,” Balth says, directing Dean to the bathroom. “Now, brush your teeth, wash your face, and put those pjs on before you get in bed. I’ll be right here if you need help. Gabe is changing JB for us.”
When he argued it, John told him to man-up or get the fuck out, knowing full well that Dean would never leave Sam. Not while he still had two more years of high school to get through. Dean knows that Sam’s out as soon as he’s got his high school diploma in hand. He’s already researching schools as far from John as he can get. They’ve talked about it, started making plans. Half of Dean’s salary goes into a separate account for relocating them. It’s going to be rough, but they’ll manage.
It was an hour before the mall closed up, and Castiel was swamped. He was looking forward to a beer and a few hours with his editing software before calling it a night. His last shoot had yielded some excellent results, and he was itching to tweak the dozen or so images he had selected.
Dean’s a lot of things, and defenseless has never been one of them.
On a Friday night.
“Well,” he says, thinking out loud. “If he wants to play, we’ll play.”
that brings Dean back to consciousness
Jimmy laughs, thinking about Gabe’s insane amount of confidence and charisma, and the number of “friends” he was always bringing home. “He thinks he is. You’d like him. Well, first you’d probably want to punch him in the face. He’s a bit much for some people. Including those of us that grew up with him." He can't count the number of times they'd all come to blows when they were young.
The eyes are not alone. There’s also a cheeky little smile on what he can now see is a felt taco. “Let’s taco ‘bout Christmas,” it says, and Dean laughs so hard he drops his duffel. When he can breathe without dissolving into giggles, he collects the rest of his mail and his dropped duffel and goes inside. He grabs a beer from the fridge before heading upstairs for that scalding hot shower, because Dean Winchester can multitask like a fucking
Dumping his messenger bag on the kitchen table (what, it’s Friday, sue him), Cas goes into his second bedroom where his office/creative space is. From his scrap bin he pulls bits and pieces of felt, some fluff, and plugs in his glue gun.
Turns out he couldn’t wait until tomorrow. Midway through Dean’s shift behind the bar, a dark-haired man with clear gray eyes takes a seat at the bar. It’s busy, so it takes him a few minutes to make it down to him. “What can I get for you?”
"So how long-"
“Sap,” but Dean is smiling too, and Cas takes a chance and pulls Dean into his arms. He comes easily and they just hold each other for a bit, breaths syncing. It’s been a long day for everyone, and this moment of quiet is well-deserved. “This is nice,” Dean says.
He finds himself on a barstool a couple weeks later, homework spread on a corner of the empty bar in between lunch customers. School and carrying isn’t easy, but when has anything been easy for him? He’s determined to get as far as he can before he has to take time off. At the moment, he’s just cruising a few message boards to give his brain a chance to decompress. The weather outside is miserable. Wind and rain keep most people at home.
Voice shaking, he asks “What’s wrong with the kiddo? Does he need a transfusion? A kidney? I’ll go get—”
hadn’t gone digital) is a round of wood with a flaming chili pepper modge-podged onto it. He squints at it momentarily before memories of his college days kick in, and he doesn’t know whether to groan or laugh. In the end, the sound that escapes him is a mixture of both.
“You can make a more informed choice if you try them yourself. Plus, you might find that you like it,” Castiel arches an eyebrow at Dean in an unspoken challenge. After a brief, but obvious, internal debate, Dean follows Castiel to the display. “Good boy,” Castiel murmurs. Dean nearly trips over his own feet.
Gabriel’s suddenly deadly serious. The last they’d heard from the doctors, Dean was still unconscious. Gabe hadn’t seen him since he’d been admitted. “Is he okay? What happened?”
I’m going to be a dad.
He drags himself into the shower, moving soapy hands over his body as if it’s a foreign thing. His stomach is soft, but flat. Dean carries his muscle in his chest and arms and has a profound hatred for crunches. His nipples are more sensitive than usual, but that could be his cycle trying to start up. That’s all it is. He’s been pushing himself too hard, and now his body is making him pay for it. A few days of light duty will see him back to normal. In fact, he should make sure he’s got plenty of supplies on hand for this heat in case it’s harder than usual. Feeling slightly better with a plan, he finishes his shower and gets ready for his day.
A few days later, Dean’s puttering in the kitchen, unpacking a box marked “kitchen crap-etc.” when he hears footfalls on his shared front porch. Since he hasn’t met his new neighbor yet, he drops what he’s doing and darts down the hallway and up to the front door. Wiping hands on the pajama pants he’s still wearing, (it’s his day off, suck it, Sammy,) he opens the door and finds his neighbor checking his mail.
I’m ALREADY a dad.
“What do you think?”
"Okay, then where's Cas?"
"Dean?"
Let me tell you, writing this was HARD. I wrote this long-hand at work, and I had to get up and walk around after I wrote it. I loved Jimmy and everything he was for Dean, and killing him hurt.
“The hell do you think you’re doing, boy?”
that tied Jimmy to him as if he were family.
Turns out that Michael wasn’t trying to buy Dean’s time tonight. He’s gone when the last call is made, but Dean finds a crisp hundred-dollar bill folded up with a business card for Michael A. Milton in his tip jar, personal cell phone number neatly printed on the back.
“That’s actually why I’m calling, Gabe. We had to sedate him again. He was in hysterics when he awoke. His blood tests show an acute case of pining sickness. We had hoped that it would pass while he was under, but-”
Dean links his hands behind his head and leans back. "Sort what out?"
Presents.
"C'mon, Cas. Let's hit the store."
the happy hormones rush through his body. Looking up from his tray, he stops dead.
He wants to photograph him.
, just cackles hysterically as he pries himself off of Dean’s lap. “You’re welcome for that.”
Initially, it's the consistent beeping and feeling of
Second, this is the chapter where the MCD warning comes into play. It's at the end of the chapter, and I'll summarize in the notes at the end.  Look for the ******* if you want to skip the death scene.
he tells himself.
feel a tingle from where their palms are clasped together. “Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel. How are you settling in?”
“Castiel.”
“H-hey there, kiddo. I’m your Uncle Gabe. Don’t listen to your Uncle Cas, I’m much cooler than he is. Your alpha daddy...he was the one that kept us in line…” Eyes wet, he looks up at Jody. Understanding, she guides them into one of the bonding rooms off of the nursery. She gets them a blanket and leaves them to get acquainted.
After dinner, it's  Cas' turn to pen Dean in a room and make him listen. He comes armed with a duck stuffy for Jimmybean, because he simply couldn't resist it, and a simple bouquet of wildflowers for Dean. He knew guys in general don’t get a lot of flowers, and he intended to correct that lack in Dean’s life.
and swallows him to the root.
(were—ARE)
Michael just sighs and rolls his eyes. “Dean, Dean, Dean. You act as if I’d leave you in the lurch. This place is paid up through the end of the month. I’m not such an ass that I’d leave a defenseless omega on their own with no fall back.”
“Gabe, why is there puke on you? Where have you been?”
The only thing that had been harder than clearing Dean’s room had been cleaning and packing Jimmy’s room. Castiel had accidentally gotten blackout drunk the first night while trying to pack Jimmy’s things. He calls it an accident because he’d fully intended to do a few shots. Those few went quicker than he’d expected, and he’d done a few more to compensate. After that, the bottle had rapidly emptied. The next morning had found him asleep on the floor of Jimmy’s bedroom, surrounded by old photos.
he licks a hot, wet stripe up the underside of Dean’s cock. When he reaches the head, the fucker
Aside from the residual anger and adrenaline, all he feels is relief. He doesn’t have to put up with John’s abuse anymore. No more derogatory comments about omegas, no more pot shots at his academics, no more (however thinly) veiled disgust thrown in his direction. A massive weight has been lifted from his shoulders. Feeling something close to hope for the first time in a long time, he pulls his flashcards from his bag.
“Mr. Novak—”
“Cassie’s seeing to our brother’s estate. He’s gonna be gone a few more days. Wanna try Novak Number One behind Door Number Three?”
“You sound more like his dad than his brother,” Michael says one evening during a lull.
Dean fucking
“I assure you, the feeling is mutual. We’ve become rather good friends this afternoon. Isn’t that right, Jimmybean?” Cas looks down at the now-quiet baby, who is doing his damndest to look back up at Castiel. Cas cups his giant hand around JB’s tiny head and gently presses it to his chest. “Dean, why don’t you go relax for a bit? Surely there’s something you’d like to do with a couple of hours to yourself?”
Dean is
He sighs as he drops his bag on the floor by his desk. He can’t remember the last time he got eight solid hours of sleep. He gets by on four most nights, but there’s some nights where he doesn’t even get that. It was probably back before he presented. Even as a kid, he’d been taking care of Sammy. As he got older, their dad left more and more of the responsibilities to him. When he presented as Omega, John gave up even the pretense of not leaving Dean with all of the more domestic duties. He’d made it clear, his mouth turned downwards, that all Dean was good for now was to keep a home and raise a pack of children.
Dean’s newfound optimism is short-lived. While it doesn’t exactly crash and burn, it does hit a patch of turbulence and sink a bit. Apartments are expensive in this part of town. And since it’s the middle of the term, all of the campus housing is full. There are a couple of studios he could afford, but they’re not going to be open for a few months. He puts his name on every waiting list he can and hopes for the best.
Gabe weighs trying to clean off the spit up with just tossing the shirt in the laundry, and decides it’s not worth the time it would take. He pulls it over his head and tosses it in the general direction of his duffel.
By the fourth time, he thought it was time to teach Dean a lesson.
They make small talk while he waits on his burger. He’s only been here a week, finally got all of his crap unpacked and decided to treat himself to lunch. The rain hadn’t been so heavy when he’d left, although it went to crap as soon as he was too far away to turn around and go home. He laughs at himself, making Dean smile. “Well, you’re welcome to hang out here until it lets up. Just yell if you need something. Name’s Dean.”
A picture of one of those creepy-as-fuck Elf on A Shelf things being rather
He rolls his eyes at himself.
-----
“Shit! Fuck! Goddamn, Cas!” Dean plants his feet on the floor and bucks up into Cas’ mouth. Cas chokes briefly, then bars an arm across Dean’s hips, holding him in place. “Shit, sorry Cas, didn’t mean to-” Dean’s brain short-circuits when Cas’ free hand tweaks a nipple, causing him to try and thrust into Cas’ throat again. Because he can, and because sometimes, Cas is the first to admit, he can be an asshole, he starts humming. He knows he’s got Dean’s attention when his eyes fly open, locking on his again.
“Cas, are you humming-” Cas sinks around his cock and swallows rapidly. “Oh god-Cas-” he winks at Dean again, and that’s it. Dean is Officially Done. His hands clench in Cas’ hair as he comes, mouth open on a silent moan, head thrown back, eyes closed in pleasure. No sooner does his cock stop kicking than he feels Cas climb back on top of him.
He's interrupted five minutes later by his brother setting an ice cold beer in front of him.
For a while, Dean believed him. He fell into a funk. His grades dropped and he hardly went to class. He thanks the gods that Dr. Moseley had bothered to track him down at home and read him the riot act for “wasting his potential” and “what kind of example are you setting for that brother of yours?” Dean didn’t give a damn about himself (thanks, Dad), but fuck if he was going to let Sammy think that his secondary gender presentation would dictate his life.
“Ah well, she’ll get over it. Just lay on the charm and say you’re sorry. Buy her flowers or something.” Dean says it with so much confidence that Jensen thinks for a moment that he might take the advice. But then he remembers Dean’s history with women, and the fact that Dean has
Jensen puts himself in the notes again.
Cas regards Jensen with that same questioning gaze.
. “Well I was… um, reading the script, you know the part with the, um, spell - and… next thing I knew, I was here.”
Dean is drumming his fingers against the Impala’s steering wheel to the tune of the radio. Jensen's gaze lingers on Dean's hands. Strong but smooth.
Refusing to let himself become more distracted, Jensen steadily slides himself further down the bed, his body still pressed against Dean’s. He fumbles with Dean's shirt, pushing it out of the way to expose the flesh of Dean’s chest and abdomen, desperate to see and feel more skin, more of Dean. It seems that Dean himself is not disagreeable, as he pulls his flannel and t-shirt off in one frantic movement. Jensen rakes his eyes up and down Dean’s body, noticing that Dean is slightly more muscular where Jensen is lean, and that while both men share the same smattering of tiny freckles, on Dean’s skin they are joined by faint pink scars.
Jared steps forward - no, not Jared,
“Yeah, I did.” Jensen answers reluctantly, “But in my defense, I didn’t think it would work. I was just kind of...playing around.”
Dean realizes Jensen’s stopped moving and looks down at him.
When he goes back into the main Supernatural tag he sees a post talking about how the lore in one of the episodes doesn’t make sense. Seems like the actual legend it’s based on says something different than what was in the show.
Jensen feels like a complete idiot the entire time he's in the shop, the strange names of the spell ingredients oddly foreign on a tongue so used to exorcising fake demons for a living.  He's still feeling a little embarrassed by his own behavior on the drive back to his hotel. He dumps the stuff he got from the shop on his bed and opens his computer, looking up the spell again to double check he’s got everything right. Jensen’s not sure if he wants this half-assed idea to work or not, but something inside nags at him to try it.
“That’s why we have to be prepared for anything.” Dean said as he pulled out Ruby’s knife.
“Because why me? If there is a God out there, why would he give a crap about me?”
Sam replied, “It was here. You saw it.”
“I am an Angel of the Lord.”
Uriel, “How else could we manipulate the Winchesters to our whim? We have no allies. No one knows our plan better than us.”
Michael replied, “We give him a false sense of freedom and redemption. Castiel is desperate to see my vessel again and will do anything to get back to him. Uriel will go to him saying there is a chance for him to earn forgiveness by following our orders. If he does so he will be with my vessel. Our orders for Castiel are to convince the Righteous Man to say yes to me so I can bring forth the apocalypse.”
“Summon Castiel now.”  Uriel bowed his head.
In Heaven’s prison Castiel felt a strong pull at his grace. He was being summoned by someone who was powerful enough to get through Heaven’s minor wardings. Castiel resisted the pull. He knew if showed his true form the person summoning him would be severely harmed if not killed. He tried to warn the psychic. Castiel could speak to the summoner. He spoke, “My name is Castiel. Stop this summoning. My true form will harm you. Don’t do this!”
When Dean heard Castiel’s name, his handprint stung. Dean felt something within him trying to reach out to this Castiel.
Ruby gave Sam a pointed look.
“We could choose life.”
Castiel pleaded, “No! Do what you will unto me. Just return Dean to Earth. He is healed from Hell. Let him be.”
Sam stares at his brother before rushing over, pulling Dean in a desperate hug. Both brothers were heavy with emotion and the three of them are close to tears. Sam pushes Dean back at arms length to look at him again. The woman still confused watches the encounter, “So are you two together?” Sam answered, “What no. He’s my brother. I just haven’t seen him in a long time.” “Oh ok. Well I should go.” “Yeah that's probably a good idea. Sorry.”
Cas walked over to Dean and kissed him. This time the kiss was desperate and eager. Dean’s hands reached up to Cas’s black messy hair. As they kissed Castiel’s wings unfurled. Dean felt a feather like touch caressing his back. This caused him to break the kiss and step back. The sight was ethereal. A pair of dark onyx wings glowed around him. Dean breathlessly said, “Cas they’re beautiful.” “You can see my wings?” “Yes can I touch them?” “To touch an Angel's wings is an act of intimacy. An Angel must trust the one who touches their wings explicitly. Yes Dean you may.”
“Who?” Dean asked.
“Yes sir.”
“Aside from the church bells ringing in my head, peachy.” Dean replies.
With that Castiel flew to his favorite place in Heaven. The Heaven of an autistic man. He always found this place comforting. Surrounded by nature Castiel found himself at peace. He walked over to the stone bench to sit and analyze what he could potentially feel for the hunter. Castiel pondered why he felt the way he did. Angels were not created to become attached to humans. He realized over time that he viewed Dean as a person that had choices rather than his mission. It was Dean’s humanity that captivated him. Cas knew he fiercely cared about humans but this feels different. He can’t quite put his feelings into words.
Dean starts to move again, thrusting up into Jensen’s mouth and Jensen relaxes his throat, taking him deeper, wanting to  feel the tip of Dean’s dick hitting the back of his throat. Somewhere, in the thick, heady fog of his mind, Jensen realizes something.
He catches his own reflection on the computer screen briefly, eerily superimposed on a picture of Dean’s face.
Jensen’s suddenly very aware of his own throbbing erection, growing painful now, and the small amount of friction he’s getting from rubbing himself on the bed isn’t giving him the relief he suddenly very much needs. He places his palms back on Dean’s thighs, stilling him as he pops his mouth off, and getting a very unhappy noise from Dean in response.
Feeling like an intruder, Jensen turns his attention back to the conversation, of which he is still the central topic.
, moves closer to Jensen, with a look on his face that makes Jensen feel like something sitting in a petri dish in a lab somewhere.
“Hey Cas, got a bit of a
"Uh.. yeah. I guess they had to change some stuff since, ya know... Castiel isn't in it anymore." Jensen is fibbing on the fly, the words sliding out of his mouth as he thinks of them.
It takes Jensen a moment, and then, “Oh.
, Jensen realizes with a pang of disappointment.  He retrieves his own shirt and underwear from the crumpled pile on the floor, puts them on, and climbs into bed. Alone.
It’s only now that Jensen begins to feel slightly worried. He hadn’t thought about getting home, only getting here. And even that he hadn’t actually put too much thought into.
Dean tosses back a laugh, and claps Cas on the back, fingers lingering for just a second.  “Thanks, buddy.”  He looks over the setup on the table. “Looks like it’s ready.”  He glances at Jensen. “Time to go.”
, he thinks to himself. But he decides to push just a little bit harder, “I mean… aren’t you?”
“I’m...uh... My name is Jensen Ackles.”
Dean is lying on the bed, chest heaving, legs trembling, eyes pinned to Jensen as he leans forward, hovering over Dean’s pelvis.
Jensen leans back in his chair with a sigh. “Yeah, she’s not happy, she’s not talking to me.” he confides.
Sam is frowning.  “Okay, but in the version we read, it wasn't just an incantation, it was a full on spell. With ingredients."  He looks a little guilty at that.
Jensen feels his face fall. “What? Wh-...why can’t I come with you?”
. Jensen thinks in script notes again.
, Jensen frowns, picking at his sleeve self-consciously.
“I don’t eat red meat.” Dean’s expression changes almost immediately, it’s clearly more than just disapproval.
Jensen lets out a breath. “Good.”
Jensen asks himself.
Jensen feels Dean’s hands slide between their bodies to undo Jensen’s pants, tugging them down his hips slightly, exposing his pulsing erection.
He wakes up to wet sheets, loose limbs, and that slow, fuzzy feeling that only comes after a particular kind of dream.
Since their shoulders are already touching, if only barely, Jensen chooses to lean into the contact, increasing the pressure to the entire length of their arms.
“Yeah,” Dean says, eyes pinned to his burger almost lustfully as he unwraps it, “I’ve been to this place a few times before, they’re pretty good.” He’s just about to take a bite when he notices Jensen's face. “What?”
“Okay, so he’s not a monster,” Dean concedes to Sam, still speaking as if Jensen isn’t even there. “Still doesn’t mean he’s telling the truth. Besides, there wasn’t any magic in that world - remember? So how could he have gotten here?”
Dean opens his eyes and looks around expectantly.
. He gets up and joins Dean at the table to see what Dean’s brought for them to eat.
Jensen steps up to the table, looks over at Dean, and they connect eyes one last time. “It was uh… nice to meet you.” Dean tells Jensen, a little awkwardly, reaching out to shake his hand. When Jensen's palm comes into contact with Dean’s he doesn’t feel the same rush he did the night before.
Jensen thinks. That’s what it would say in the script.  Dean’s volume is low, but his tone is harsh.
Dean rolls off of Jensen but stays laying on the bed beside him.
, Jensen decides.
Cas turns it over in his hands a few times before nodding his head, “Yes, okay,  this will work.”
He palms each of Dean’s thighs, spreading them further apart.  Dean tenses at the touch, then relaxes into it.
There’s silence for a moment while the brothers seem to deliberate. The way the two are looking at each other Jensen thinks that the script notes here would indicate there’s some nonverbal communication going on between them.
Dean’s expression is begging for more, his eyes dark and full of want.  Jensen is practically swooning now, dizzy and pleased with himself. He drags his mouth from Dean’s lips to his neck, but is careful not to do anything that would leave a mark. If he's sure of anything, it's that Dean wouldn't be comfortable with carrying around any evidence of this encounter.
Dean looks over at Jensen, “I’m hungry, you hungry?” He spits the words out quickly, like he resents having to speak to the man on the other side of the room wearing his face.
Dean’s hands trail over Jensen’s exposed skin, and Jensen feels every fingertip. Dean’s hands finally reach the back of Jensen’s neck to pull Jensen's lips back to his own, kissing him deeply.
Jensen, slowly, languidly grinds his crotch into Dean’s like he’s just testing this out, like it’s an experiment - and
Jensen thinks for a moment, “Um...yeah actually. He gave me this bracelet.” Jensen carefully removes the woven leather band from his wrist and gives it to Cas.
. “Bone of a lesser saint?” Didn’t the bank put that hold on his credit card for some transaction involving a holy reliquary? He thumbs over to his mobile banking app. Yup.  This can’t be a coincidence. Hold on
“Good boy, you’re still here,” he says as he unlocks the handcuffs.
Dean looks around the room for a moment until finally his eyes fix on something. “I’ve got an idea.” He says, his mouth turning up in a mischievous smile.
Dean looks at the empty space where Cas had just been standing with a slight hint of fondness in his expression.  He glances at Jensen, noticing his surprise.  “Yeah, uh -” the corners of Dean’s eyes crinkle with a small unbidden smile.  “He’s not good at goodbyes.”  Dean shrugs.  “Anyway -”
Dean shifts in his seat, “Yeah, he uh... He is. Don’t know much about it though, other than that sending me and Sam to your world was a move.” Jensen looks at Dean, noting the slight change in tone, and - wow. There’s so much on Dean’s face. Hurt, betrayal...longing maybe. For Cas? He thinks back to the tumblr posters. And the fanfic.
They end up shoulder to shoulder, leaning back against the headboard. Jensen can’t help but notice their proximity. Arms touching slightly, legs almost as close. Dean
he thinks, quickly logging out of twitter and closing his unanswered texts.
Dean’s, and they’re both somehow in the back seat, two sets of green eyes and an entire universe of freckles, and - and -
.  Jensen squirms uncomfortably, wondering if Cas understands why the room is in the state that it is, and hoping he doesn’t.
Tilting his head slightly, he sees his own green eyes blazing down angrily at him.
He attempts to sound annoyed instead, “Yeah, where else would I be? You cuffed me to a radiator.”
“Dean?” He asks, disbelief colouring every letter.
“You were reading the script?” Sam asks, his forehead wrinkling in a very similar way to Jared’s.  Maybe a bit more earnestly, since this Sam is just, well, being Sam. “Wait, how are you even doing the show anymore? I thought the guy who played Cas died?”
That’s a weird thing to think about someone who is, in a way, an extension of yourself, but Jensen can’t help it. He turns back to the tv in an attempt to refocus his attention. He’s immediately distracted again by the rise and fall of Dean’s shoulder against his own as Dean breathes. The slight shake that moves through Dean and into the bed as he laughs.
“Yeah, why?”
He decides to change the subject, “How’s Cast - Cas? Is he like... Fighting Angel wars or whatever here too?” Jensen knows that on the show Cas is deeply embroiled in a war against Raphael, but he’s not sure if the same goes for this Cas.
“So uh...what do we do now?” Jensen tries for a relaxed and mildly curious tone, but ends up sounding painfully awkward.
“I...well, I guess I don’t want TV Dean to lose that. The um, friendship,” Jensen adds quickly, “that he had with TV Cas. I mean, I know you don’t care about the show, you probably think it’s stupid. But...” Jensen knows he’s rambling now, and from the look on Dean’s face he knows he should probably stop talking, but he has to get it all out. “I was just wondering if maybe, if it’s not too much trouble, if… Cas could... Bring Misha back to life or...whatever. That way.. TV Dean doesn’t have to lose his... best friend, and also, MIsha’s a good guy, and I... Well, I kinda miss him...” Jensen trails off.
