Dean shrugged, looking away. “There was a spell—in one of your books—for contacting another magic user. I think I actually did very badly at it, but he was...waiting for me.”
And then he was gone, the sound of the door somehow making the space feel that much more empty. Dean shoved his hands into his pockets, wondering why he felt like he'd done something wrong.
about this—this whole Adam thing. It's all easy for you, I guess, to just go 'change' your mind on a whim, 'correct' your 'unreasonable' opinion when suddenly that suits you. But you
“Hey,” Sam said, pulling Dean into a hug. As he pulled back, he said, “Give yourself another chance.” He clapped Dean on the bicep. “Okay?”
“Castiel is a friend from way back,” Sam filled in, saving Dean from having to explain who and what Castiel was to him exactly. “He practically lived here for a while there when Dean and Cas were in high school together.” Turning a smile on Jess, Sam added, “And Jess is my wife.” Looking at Castiel again, he clarified, “She and I met at university and we've been married for three years now.”
Walking over, Dean put his hand on Castiel's shoulder and murmured, “Yeah.” Clearing his throat, Dean slid back into his seat as John reclaimed his own as well. “So, uh...” Dean glanced furtively around the table at everyone's confused faces. Swallowing, he cleared his throat again, and said, “Well, Cas and I had an announcement too.” Catching Castiel's hand, he squeezed it. “We, uh, haven't set a date yet, but—we're engaged.”
Dean winced. “I know. And I'm not changing my mind about that.” He pressed another kiss to the back of Castiel's hand. “But I'm just saying we don't have to do this
All the hairs on Castiel's arms stood up. Narrowing his eyes, he looked at the sky just in time to see Dean burst out of the clouds like a clap of thunder, wings dark and imposing against the darkening sky.
“You could!” Jess agreed, eyes shining like she was already planning out how to place glass candleholders to make artistic pathways in the sand like some Pinterest bullshit.
“A different half,” Dean points out, just to see Benny flip him off. Dean grins, nodding toward Kevin. “Give Kevin the bed.” Dean takes another swing from Benny's flask, adding, “It's about his size.”
“Well...” Dean's gaze slipped away. “If you ever do get tired of me...” He scrubbed the fingers of one hand through his short hair. “Crowley says he knows a way to break a bond like ours, maybe even without injuring me in the process.”
Castiel allowed Dean to feed him a little of the broth which was pleasantly warm and not too salty on his tongue. Pausing, Castiel frowned. “You said you were hungry.”
A grin spread out over Castiel's face and he chuckled, shaking his head. “I don't think I'd get very far with most straight guys at all, Dean.” He took a sip of beer, still grinning. “Much less if I tried to offer them lingerie.”
“Well, I...” Dean ducked his head, cheeks heating a little. He had, even while sober, considered this topic a bit too much to be fully comfortable admitting it. “I don't know, Cas.” He worried one of his thumbs with the other. “I mean, who else am I gonna marry?” Grimacing, he pushed on, “Which is why it would help a lot if I was
Dean shot him a small frown and Adam smirked a bit. “Well, when you stormed off like that...Castiel said...it couldn't be because you were homophobic, because you knew he was gay and were fine with it.”
Dean raised his brows. “You're not gonna make me wait until our wedding night are you? Because we haven't even set a date yet.”
Dean nodded. They'd discovered that there were two main 'ways' to be a gay Christian, the one where you had sex and the one where you didn't but could still hold hands and kiss and go on dates and maybe even get married. It had been so strange at first to learn that there were other guys out there, Christian guys who identified as gay, bi, and queer, who fell in love with other men—and that was okay. And some of them had sex and some of them didn't and it was all still okay. It had kind of taken the pressure off for both of them, knowing that. “And for the record, that's still fine with me. Like I said then, whatever—whatever you want. I don't wanna pressure you.”
“It already is 'tomorrow',” Castiel said with a bit of a laugh as he stood up, sliding his phone into his pocket. “But thank you for the beer.”
“Well, you said...” Castiel frowned at the memory. “You said plenty of married couples, straight couples, aren't having sex.”
“Healer Castiel,” Edlund's voice cut through Castiel's thoughts, and her tone suggested perhaps this was not the first time she'd tried.
“And talked to Kevin,” Dean added with a nod. “But Kevin the genius Bible scholar isn't going to be here tonight, and I doubt arguing is going to be much help.” He sighed. Swallowing, he added, “You and I both know that people can and do change their minds about stuff—specifically about this—but a shouting match over a family dinner isn't the place that's going to happen.”
to ask but wasn't quite drunk enough to break whatever code of etiquette that happened to be, so Dean finally took pity on him, turning to look back out the window and saying, “First guy was Nick Munroe. He and I had a couple classes together second semester of my freshman year. He was...very into me, very obviously interested. I was...I dunno, Cas, I was young and stupid. I liked the attention. Liked how it felt. And I figured...” He shrugged. “I was in college, right? That's when you're supposed to experiment with stuff like that. So I went along with it.” He glanced back at Castiel. “Sam knows about this, by the way. It's not like I exactly kept it a secret.” Looking out the window again, he sighed. “It didn't exactly...go well, though. He was obsessive, controlling, demanding. So, uh, after I'd finally managed to drop his ass, I...tried again. With Aaron Bass. He seemed cool.” Dean scrunched up his face at the memory. “But it turned out he wasn't as into me as I thought.” He shrugged. “So, I mean, I just kind of gave up at that point. Went back to what I knew.” He made a vague gesture with one hand. “Experiment failed: subject is effectively straight.”
“Shit.” Dean thunked his head back against the wall, because he actually did remember saying that now that Castiel had brought it up. He blew out a breath, exasperated with himself. “Okay, so I was drunk, as we've many times gone over, and—apparently I was just spewing out every single dumb-ass idea I'd ever had even tangentially relating to you and me and marriage. But, Cas. Even if I
Castiel nodded tiredly. Wesson was right. Reaching within himself to gather his power, Castiel closed his eyes and reached outwards only to find...nothing. Frowning, Castiel opened his eyes and looked at Wesson. “I can't find him. Not like...he's dead, but...like he's hidden. Shrouded by some great magical force, something well beyond my own.”
“I, uh, I could go get them right now,” Dean offered. “I've got—um, do you have a preference for the colour? They're not all pink. One's purple. And I've got black as well. Or we could just both go to my place, since Adam's not home this weekend, so...um.”
“Well, I guess...” Castiel sighed. He pressed his lips together. “I suppose maybe...it's easier for me in some ways, because it's simpler; my parents cut off contact.” He shrugged his shoulders. “I didn't even get a choice in that. With your dad...he loves you and accepts you. You can't hate him.”
Dean bites his lip. “For the record,” he says, heart hammering in his chest so no doubt Castiel can feel it, “I'd much rather be having this conversation without the rest of these jokers in the room, even if they are all currently asleep, but, uh...actually no.” A quiet, breathless laugh. “I would not, uh, mind.” With a pleased rumble, Castiel presses a kiss to Dean's neck, and Dean shudders then blinks and winces, hissing, “You know they
Pressing his hand more surely over Dean's heart, Castiel rumbles, “I suppose we could arrange that.”
The wooden legs of Dean's chair scraped roughly against the floor as he stood, the ringing in his ears almost drowning out Sam saying, “Dean!” as Dean flung open the door and stalked outside, slamming the door behind him.
“Dean,” Sam said, rolling partway onto his side and fixing Dean with a serious gaze. “You need to tell him how you feel about him.”
Castiel shook his head. “He's always tolerated it without any complaint or physical sign of distress or lingering symptoms.”
Dean snorted inelegantly and flicked his brows upward. “Yeah, well, try to find a straight guy who'll admit to liking that sort of thing—or even one who'd ever try it in the first place to find out if he likes it. You're not gonna get very far.”
Dean chuckled softly. “But when you ran off on your big gay self-discovery road trip, the only guys you met were assholes.”
the best case scenario. “Yeah. Damn, uh.” Dean rubbed at his nose, an embarrassed smile tugging at his features. “I just really...don't want things to be awkward between us.”
“So we're...pretty much expecting this to go terribly?” Castiel asked as he and Dean settled into the Impala.
!” Dean gestured broadly with the empty beer bottle. “How much more evidence does he need? I gave him...at least four pieces of evidence. That should be enough, I think.”
Castiel winced. “I was aware that some go out seeking Creatures to bond, to augment their magic. And that some even resort to trickery or violence to achieve that end. I...suppose I never looked much deeper into the practice as I always found the idea abhorrent.” He let out a tired breath. “So no, I was unaware of the potential side-effects of initiating bonds in that manner.”
“And how has your familiar fared in your care?” Moseley asked, elbows resting on the table and hands folded in front of her collarbones. “Has he seemed content?”
“Sometimes.” Sighing, John leaned heavily against the side of the truck. “What I don't understand is why you're so angry about me changing mine about...” He waved a hand, wrinkling his nose. “About homosexuality. I know I made some mistakes raising you kids, but how does that threaten or hurt you in any way that I've decided
With a smile, John said, “Adam's living here now. So he's attending the high school, same one the three of you all went to.” He gestured to include Dean, Sam, and Castiel.
Laughing softly, Castiel ducked his head. “Keep this up, and I might jump you right here.” Dean was about to say he really wouldn't mind when Castiel raised his eyes to Dean's once again and added, “But I want to go slow. I think you deserve that.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean snapped, “I'm bi. You might try looking that up while you're on this changing your dumb opinions kick.”
Wincing internally, Castiel chose not to comment on that particular idea and simply said, “I'm not trying to force anything.”
“How is the child?” Castiel looked up from where he'd taken a seat on the provided stool. He'd been so worried about Dean this whole time that he'd forgotten to ask.
“Okay, but my point is,” Sam continued, “this isn't about Kinsey or Nick or Aaron or anyone else. This is about you and Cas. About how you feel when you're around him and how you feel when you're not. About how it feels to see him smile, or when he's sad. It's about how he's the most important person in your life and...it probably wouldn't hurt to throw in a compliment or two about his eyes.”
“Yes, but,” Wesson put in, shifting in his seat and folding his hands on the table, “transforming or maintaining a form always takes a certain level of concentration. Often maintained while sleeping, yes, but not when gravely injured or near death.”
him. Not because they had to or were supposed to like a family member and not just because they loved everyone like God did, but just because. Because apparently Dean Winchester was lovable on his own merits, so much so that someone who wasn't even supposed to love him did. And to know that Castiel hadn't left because he didn't care, because Dean didn't matter to him...but because Castiel did care and Dean did matter—so much that it scared Castiel.
“Wish I was gay,” Dean repeated. Maybe this wasn't really...the sort of thing he was supposed to say out loud, but...Castiel was his best friend. His very best friend. And Dean was a bit drunk, and everyone said things while drunk they wouldn't say normally.
“Of course.” Wesson nodded. “But, Castiel.” He fixed Castiel with a serious look. “He could die anyway. And you will die anyway.”
Anyway, one thing Dean Winchester had was charisma. He'd talked himself out of worse situations with people far scarier than Castiel. If Dean put in a bit of effort he should be able to smooth this over.
Dean grimaced. “Not really. I mean, I suppose I'm grateful that he gave me the option.” Dean wrinkled his nose slightly and waved a hand. “Told me about it when we were still in the planning stages of your rescue. Said if I survived the spell he could bond me himself or open a portal to the demon realm and toss me back in.”
“Oh, I assure you,” Castiel said, voice deep and rough as he trailed the fingers of one hand along the lines of Dean's throat, “I do have some measure of knowledge.”
Dean blinks awake at some point when it's still quite dark, and after a brief moment of disorientation remembers where he is and why he's pressed so firmly against Castiel's solid body. The sounds of rain still pound incessantly against the cabin. Just as it's been since the sun went down, the only light is the orange glow peeking through the vents in the wood stove.
“I'm sorry.” Dean cleared his throat, suddenly guilty about where he'd unthinkingly steered the conversation. “I know you—you really don't like—”
“Yeah, uh, next time, Cas,” Dean mutters, clearing his throat as quietly as he possibly can, “we're definitely doing this in private.”
“He...” Castiel grimaced at the memory of Dean's bloodied form trembling on the ground. “His eyes were open and he seemed to see me.” Castiel winced. “He—flinched, as I approached him.” The memory of Balthazar warning, 'There's no going back from this, Cassie,' swam vivid within Castiel's mind. Grimacing again, Castiel swallowed. “I cut my finger and offered it to him, speaking gently, letting him know I wouldn't hurt him.”
Castiel grimaced. “Dean was always recovering, gradually but steadily. There were no major new injuries, but he'd never fully recovered from the injures he had when I first found him.” It had been a while, but, “It takes a lot to bring a Creature such as him to the brink of death; his injuries were deep and profound.”
“That...” Castiel gave his head a little shake and blinked a couple of times. “You wanted a sexless marriage.”
that he liked Castiel's hands, but how the hell did a person manage a compliment of someone's hands without sounding stupid? “I just, um...” Dean floundered. Maybe he could just try to be honest and hope for the best. “I like to—to imagine you running them though my hair. Or just—holding hands. If that was...a thing that we did.”
Castiel nodded and worried his lower lip a bit. “There's a lot of...'one foot in the closet' accusations.”
Castiel sank down quietly to sit on the edge of the bed. “My mother—she once told me, well, more than once, actually. She used to read me this book, where a mother said she'd love her son forever. And she would kiss me at bedtime and tell me that she would love me until the end of the world. In the end...” Grimacing, Castiel ran a hand over his face. “I don't know. Maybe she does...” He looked away. “...still love me. In some way.” His shoulders slumped. “But she doesn't talk to me, so...it doesn't feel like it. It's hard to even—tell myself that maybe she does.”
Castiel tugs Dean tighter against his chest. The breath from his soft laugh teases at Dean's hair. “We'll have to try it that way sometime.”
Castiel glanced at the wall clock and then frowned and pulled out his phone. “Shit, it really is late.”
Shooting Sam a glare, Dean sits up. “One thing I don't need is cuddling advice from my baby brother.”
“You've got at least six inches between your bodies,” Sam points out. “Maybe you'd be more comfortable if you actually...touched each other.”
The metal bars made a clanging sound and Castiel turned to see Wesson gripping them with one hand. “Call him,” Wesson said. Grimacing, he added, “How could it hurt, really? They're executing you tomorrow.” Twisting his lips, he looked away. “When that happens...does he return to the fae realm?” Sighing, Castiel looked down at the straw-strewn floor. Dean may never have been to the fae realm and even if he could possibly enter in his current state he likely didn't know the way. “I can bless water,” Wesson pressed. “If I administer the test and he passes, Judge Naomi would have to overturn her ruling.”
Dean's dick jumped at that, hardening again as if the prospect of Dean giving Castiel a hand-job had anything at all to do with Dean's own dick. “I swear I can do other things too,” Dean tried. “I'm just...a bit rusty, but...”
Damn, there wasn't a day that went by since that fateful moment in the bread aisle at the grocery store that Dean didn't thank God or want to pinch himself or both. They'd been through some less than great stuff since, through Castiel finally admitting why he'd left and Dean being a bit of an asshole himself because he was just
“On this matter, no,” Castiel answered truthfully. Balthazar's concern had been more about Dean's obvious demonic appearance. All Anna had said was to be careful.
Dean raised his brow even higher at that, one side of his lips curling upwards. “You been checking out Cas' abs, Sammy?”
Castiel's lips twisted unhappily and he dropped his gaze to his folded hands. “I suppose you don't have any good options.”
“Sandwiches,” Castiel said, turning to walk into the kitchen. He nodded towards the cupboards and said, “If you could help by setting the table.”
The evening air out behind the house was cool and smelled a bit like used motor oil. Probably because of the pile of plastic oil bottles heaped against that wall. The gravel crunched under John's boots as he rounded one of the parked trucks to glare at Dean, gesturing towards the house with one palm up and demanding, “You wanna maybe explain what that was all about?”
“I didn't mean—” Sam sighed. “I just meant...you wanted to be rid of him after about a week. Being stuck in a relationship where you feel trapped, used, and unhappy...I don't think that should really be what you're using as a bar to measure future relationships against.”
Castiel's other hand came up slowly as though expecting Dean to flinch away. “Is this okay?” Castiel asked, stroking the side of Dean's face gently and carefully.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Look, just butt out. If the three of you are comfortable and think you can sleep, just get on with it.”
“Yeah, sorry I, uh...” Dean trailed after Castiel, feeling awkward and off-balance because this really was not going the way he'd imagined it in his head. “I didn't call or text or anything.” He scrunched up his nose a bit, looking up and down the street at how most of the houses had garbage out front. “I guess it is garbage day tomorrow.”
Sighing, Castiel turned his gaze out the window. “I think I'd really rather...know where I stand with your family, before I really get attached to the idea of them being
“What about,” Wesson cut in, “water you'd blessed before initiating the bond with Dean? Perhaps early on?”
to fit in the spot of floor Kevin's using. “The only reason you don't have to right now is that you're tiny.”
“And how was Dean's overall health before the battle?” Wesson asked. “Had he suffered any recent injuries?”
“Oh,” Sam said, raising his brows before his expression morphed into sympathy. “I'm so sorry you had to go through that, Adam.”
Linking his fingers with Castiel's, Dean presses their joined hands ever tighter against his chest. He feels far too keyed up to sleep any time soon, but he can't get out of bed without stepping on Benny so he's kind of stuck until morning. But it's fine. Dean can lie here with Castiel's warm solid weight pressed against his back and Castiel's gentle breath teasing against his neck and wait for his stupid boner to calm the hell down. It should be enough boner-deterrent that Sam's big stupid gangly sleeping body is in the room. Dean can even pick out the vague shape of Sam's sleeping form in the darkness if he looks, not that he currently really wants to.
Castiel opened his mouth and his gaze moved upwards to look upon what he could see of the starry sky. Finally he admitted, “I...don't know. It's certainly...possible.”
“It's not about 'evidence',” Sam countered, exasperated. He rubbed a hand over his mouth. “I think I'm starting to understand why this didn't work out.”
“I think most do.” Castiel nodded. Pressing his lips together, he glanced at Dean. “But I think I'd just like to be a Winchester.”
“Well, it's not the worst either,” Dean says, taking another swig himself and passing the flask to Castiel. “I've had...” He frowns, tilting his head a bit from side to side. “...at least five different whiskies that were worse.”
cannot. Unfortunately for you and your familiar, I see significant evidence of very real danger here. If you still refuse to summon your Creature for our inspection, you leave us little choice.”
As the door clattered closed behind Dean and John, Castiel turned, meeting Dean's eyes with worry and asking quietly, “Dean, is everything all right?”
“Every Monday and Thursday,” Castiel said, as though Dean needed the reminder. Maybe he did. He wasn't really sure when he'd last taken his own garbage out. Must have been Wednesday night. He would have noticed if anything was about to overflow, and just one person didn't generate all that much garbage anyway, so it was fine. Turning back towards the house, Castiel gestured towards the walkway back to the side door. “I assume you...wanted to come inside?”
Dean gaped at him. He'd known Castiel for more than five years now and this was the first he was hearing anything other than 'gay'. He shook his head, slightly dizzy from the alcohol. “You're what now?”
Dean grinned. “We could get a matching set.” He shook his head, adding, “But does this mean...” He met Castiel's eyes. “Are you saying yes? You'll marry me?”
As they merged onto the freeway, Castiel spoke up again, “So...is there a chance some of them might be...accepting, supportive?”
“Cas,” Dean said, slurring his words a bit as he pressed closer into Castiel's side. The alcohol had him feeling pleasantly warm and Cas felt even warmer and even more pleasant.
“Can you describe how you first formed your bond with him?” Tran asked. “You said he was near death—was he conscious?”
Everyone echoed the “amen” quietly as they released each other's hands and raised their heads once again.
Moseley nodded. “Contact with a Shade can have unpredictable effects. While not all Shades are destructive by nature, we know
The gravel scuffed softly under Dean's own boots as he rocked his weight onto the balls of his feet and back. He gave the old broken refrigerator standing against the wall an unimpressed look. No wonder Kate had left. She'd always been neater, more concerned with cleanliness and appearances than John. They'd fought about it.
Dean shoulders past him because Dean is cold and the way his shirt is sticking to his skin feels awful.
“Two of us could share the bed,” Castiel points out. “If we laid on our sides, we should fit.” He considers the bed, frowning. “If just barely.”
“No, I have,” Dean insisted. “I've had a lot of honey and alcohol—that's what Crowley's familiars, Meg and Ruby, eat the most. But we've had meat too. Venison mostly. It's nice.”
Wesson cleared his throat. “Healer Castiel, can you describe your familiar's mood and attitude leading up to the battle? Was he unsettled or upset? Agitated?”
Dean can imagine a lot of ways he'd rather be sleeping. A nice big bed, clean sheets. Actual comfortable pj's instead his jeans. A convenient thermostat keeping the room at a constant pleasant temperature.
The sun shone pale and bright in Castiel's tired eyes, and the air was cool against his face and hands as he tried to keep them from shaking.
Edlund turned to look at the three people seated at a table to her right whom she had previously introduced as Scholar Sam Wesson, Seer Missouri Moseley, and Seer Kevin Tran. “Scholar Sam, is it indeed a crime?”
“Dean,” John pressed, folding his arms and leaning against the side of the beat-up pickup. The frayed blue tarp draped to keep the rain out of the missing window fluttered a bit in the breeze. Shaking his head, John looked away into the twilight. “You know, the longer you take to start talking, the angrier I'm gonna get.”
“Would we fit if Castiel or Dean took the bed?” Kevin asks, looking from the bed to the mess of half-placed bedrolls. “Because I really don't mind.”
“Of course he didn't!” Dean snapped. “I even tried to apologize the next day, and I thought maybe that had gone okay, but now he won't even talk to me.”
Dad both quoting Bible verses at me while Jess nods her agreement and assures everyone the both of us are well and truly damned to hell.”
At least, it started out that way. They'd never quite made it all the way to the couch, and in the time it took Castiel to shove Dean up against the wall, Dean's entire body was alight. Dean groaned helplessly. Somehow being pinned and trapped felt
That wasn't exactly a terrible idea, but... “You're—we're....still going to do something today, right?”
Dean smirked a bit. “We, uh...did some shots first, so I was feeling pretty buzzed.” He wrinkled his nose. “I don't know, Sammy. I started saying some really stupid stuff, and...” Dean sighed, rubbing at his arm though his shirt.
“What?” Dean gaped at Castiel helplessly. “Cas, no. No.” Wincing, he squeezed his eyes shut. “I...I knew I explained things badly, because, you know: drunk.” He looked at Castiel with apologetic eyes. “I just...didn't realize it had been quite that bad.”
“I'm not sure I've actually met you,” Jess said with a bit of an apologetic smile across the table at Castiel.
feel 'unaccepted' by his family.” Making a disgusted noise, Dean looked away then looked back, eyes hard. Pointing an emphatic finger at the house he added, “You sat right there at that kitchen table with me and Sam—hell, Gwen and Chris were there too. And Tyler. We were all playing the 'Game of Life' together. And Sam who must have been all of eight at the time picked another blue peg when it came time to get married, and Chris pointed it out—you know, 'Sammy's marrying another boy!' Sam said, 'Why should it matter?' And you looked right at both of us and told us, 'If you ever bring home someone of the same sex, I'll disown you.' That's what you said.”
“Maybe that's why some people decide to have sex before marriage,” Castiel mused. “Because then there's no set date, no specific time when they feel like they 'have to'. Though...I suppose there is also some appeal to planning things so the first time can be special.”
“You can't budge back any farther?” Dean grouses as he tries to lie down for real. Everyone's taken a good long piss off the porch into the falling rain, the horses are good for the night, and Benny's assured everyone that he's got the fire set up to keep them warm until morning. Sam and Benny and Kevin are settling into what actually seem to be reasonably comfortable positions on the floor with no one in any apparent danger of coming into contact with the stove so long as none of them decides to do an unreasonable amount of flailing about. Sam got a bit wet again running out to check on the horses, but all told it seems like they're set for a pretty decent night. Except the bed really is narrow, and Dean's pretty sure there's at least an inch or two between Castiel and the wall.
“Well.” Edlund folded her hands on the dark wood surface before her. “If we determine that your familiar Creature was in fact malevolent, all magics you performed with his aid will be rendered unlawful.” She considered Castiel for a moment. “You do admit that you had a Creature known as Dean Smith in your employ?”
“Right, yeah.” Dean nodded. “Even if they ask stupid questions like 'who tops?' or whatever.” He wrinkled his nose. “It's just like when Sam was engaged to Jess, as far as I'm concerned—they didn't share details about any sex they may or may not have been having and it was none of the rest of our businesses, and I hope to
It was just shortly after eleven thirty when Dean rapped on Castiel's door. The front door had a bell, but it had been years since Dean had come to Castiel's front door. The side door was just more convenient, and this way Castiel would know it was him. Dean could have texted or called first, but...
“I do, by the way,” Dean said, rubbing at his nose with one hand, “like to wear pink, satiny underwear sometimes for...sexual reasons, and—that's...kind of gay. I think.”
“Well, I had to move...back here.” Adam's fork clattered against the edge of his plate and he shot John a helpless look.
just got engaged.” He rubbed his hand over his mouth. “He's ten years younger than I am. I guess I'm starting to feel like the immature brother, getting left behind while everyone else grows up.”
Castiel nodded slowly. “Again I can't really be sure, but it does seem...likely that I would have had some water already blessed by either myself or by Anna or Balthazar and would have used that in one or more of our early cleansing rituals.”
. Maybe Dean had in fact been in love with Castiel for years as well and just hadn't realized it. Dean could be pretty dense, so that tracked. “But you know,” Dean went on, “in that moment, when you said, that, said, 'I was...in love with you...I still am, actually,' that was it.” Reacting appropriately hadn't been simple, but how Dean felt? Well, that was the easy part. He loved Castiel with every burning bright desperate fibre of his being. “I knew I'd do anything for you. I knew I couldn't
Dean's hooves scuffled a bit against the stone floor as he shifted to sitting cross-legged at Castiel's feet. “Do you mind? Being stuck with me.”
“So you are mad at me,” Dean commented, because there was a clear edge of bitterness in that rhetorical question. “That's why I'm here, actually,” Dean clarified, stepping through the door quickly as though Castiel might close it in his face. Not that he actually thought Castiel would, but...best to be safe. “I mean, I...” Dean grimaced as Castiel just shot him a tired look as he went to the sink to wash his hands. “Obviously I botched my first attempt at an apology, because you haven't talked to me since.”
It didn't have any bedding, not that anyone would really have been too excited to use some stranger's old sheets. They have their bed rolls, though, and what passes for a mattress on that narrow bunk is undoubtedly a bit more comfortable than the floor. Might even be more comfortable than the ground, even when it's dry. Still, Dean snorts in amusement. “Not much of one.”
Crowley shrugged as he offered the second cup of tea to Dean. “Well, I've never seen anything wrong with mixing a little business in with pleasure, or the other way around.” He offered Castiel a small smile. “I find this particular business diverting—a man has to have some entertainment, hmm?”
Sam, predictably, shot Dean an unhappy-disappointed look for that, but John just shrugged. “Wait till you get to my age.”
Sam with his unfairly long legs reaches the door first and opens it, calling out, “Hello? Anyone there?” into the darkness as if it isn't perfectly obvious no one's been here in decades.
The gathering crowd murmured and stared, and perhaps it was some comfort to think how most of them didn't know him. They were of this city, not the smaller village where he and Dean had lived and worked these past few years.
Castiel roughly brushed Dean's hand off and turned his head to look upon Dean with flashing anger. “Can we not do the thing where you're so desperate to get married you'd even consider
“Well.” Castiel's cheeks pinked a bit and he cast his eyes downward. “A bit. I suppose I really don't know what it's like, and I'll admit...I'm a little curious.”
“Maybe...” John tried, “in a few years when the little girl starts asking questions...” He shrugged. “The mother could change her mind.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean tightened his arms across his chest. “He agreed we'd just forget the whole thing happened. Go on like normal, like I hadn't said anything. But obviously that's not what he's actually doing.”
Wesson winced, spreading his hands. “The Water Test should be infallible. I wish I could see, could study the Creature.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean cut in, “Don't you start.” With a chuckle, he added, “You're worse than Kevin. At least he has the excuse of actually being a certified expert; you've never even been to Bible school.”
Sick worry and guilt twisted painfully in Dean's gut. “What'd I say, Cas? When I was drunk and...even stupider than usual. What did I say?”
Castiel shook his head. This was necessary and nothing for which Dean needed to apologize. “Just relax, all right?” Castiel ran the fingers of his other hand though Dean's hair. “You don't have to look a certain way,” Castiel said. “It's just you and me.”
“Uh...yeah.” Dean chuckled awkwardly, cheeks far too warm to be comfortable. “That's...a boner.” No point in trying to hide it or talk his way out of this one. He was marrying a man: the point of trying not to 'look gay' was long past. His grin slid into something a bit crooked. Was this something he was supposed to apologize for? He didn't particularly feel ashamed. He felt...amused, and maybe a little smug. “Pressing right into your thigh.”
Sam laughed in breathless disbelief and Dean elbowed him harder for that. Still laughing, Sam held up his hands in surrender—which looked a bit silly because he had a beer in one of them. “Sorry, sorry.” Grinning, he shook his head and took a swallow of his beer. “You gotta admit, Dean: you and I have both done some dumb things while drunk...but proposing is a new one.”
“Yeah, uh.” Dean dropped his gaze, shifting nervously and feeling his cheeks heat. Sam had said a few compliments couldn't hurt. “I also like, um...” He seriously would go with 'eyes' because, duh, Sam was right that they were certainly a stand-out feature, but since Sam had said it, it didn't feel like
“You two are going to give me cavities,” Crowley said as Dean returned Castiel's smile all fond and warm. “You're so very gentle with him, Castiel. Honestly. I've often theorized that you could force a change in a Creature so close to the line as he is in an afternoon by simply submerging them in a vat of Blessed Water. In an uninjured subject—bit of fortifying magic ahead of time should forestall any unfortunate death-related side effects.” Tilting his head to the side thoughtfully, he added, “I've half a mind to try that with Meg one of these days.”
And the fact was, for all that John did look a bit heavier he also looked happier and healthier than last Dean had seen him. Maybe he was finally starting to get over Kate leaving. Maybe it was the dinner, everyone here being cordial to each other over pork chops and mashed potatoes. But even the house looked cleaner. Less cluttered, less grungy. Maybe John had just tidied up a bit for Adam or for the family dinner, but it was something.
Dean scrunched up his face, moving finally to pull on his pyjama pants. “That he'd disown me if I ever had a gay boyfriend, or whatever. But he didn't even remember saying it, and obviously he didn't really
Rolling his eyes, Sam flopped down on his back again. “You're the one who wants to marry him. I assume you've got your reasons, and to be perfectly honest I don't need to know the details.”
“I don't know, Cas.” Dean spread his hands in helplessness. “Is it rude that you've been more than halfways ghosting me? After you agreed that we'd forget that stupid conversation even happened?”
“Well, I dunno,” Dean said, curling in on himself and feeling a touch more vulnerable now that Castiel had pulled away a bit. He scrunched up his face and looked down at the glass bottle in his hands. “I've just been thinking about it a lot, I guess.”
It stung, of course. And it was in fact a little different letting Dean be the one to puncture Castiel's skin. Dean murmured, “Sorry.”
“As intentionally ridiculous as that suggestion is,” Sam counters, “we are trying to avoid the bad future where someone touches the stove during the night and gets injured or burns the cabin down, and stacking people wouldn't even help.”
“I don't think you'll get rejected,” Sam argued. After a beat, he added, “And even if you do, at least then you know it wasn't just 'cause you were drunk off your ass.”
Castiel laughed softly, leaning in to kiss Dean. “I love you,” he whispered against Dean's lips. “And you really are an idiot. At least when you're drunk.”
“Sure.” Dean rubbed at his nose. Maybe there really was some way to fix this. Sam was smart. And he was married, which meant he might actually know a thing or two about relationships.
Edlund pursed her lips slightly. “And it is my understanding from the officers who brought you in after that incident that you have refused to summon your familiar.”
“Yeah,” Dean managed, voice rough. But he was supposed to be telling Castiel how he felt about him, and he didn't think he'd quite got that far yet, for all that things did indeed seem to be better. Maybe this was important. It kind of felt important. “Cas, I...” He winced, biting his lip and caught Castiel's wrist because as much as Dean loved the feeling of Castiel's hand on his face it was distracting and he needed to say this. He stroked Castiel's wrist a little, hoping he didn't feel rejected by Dean pulling the hand away from his face. “I know I'm not...good at this. At any of it. Feelings, talking about them. But, God, Cas, I just... When you're sad, I want to make it better, and when you're angry at me I feel like I can't breathe. When we're apart, I miss you, and the longer it is the worse it gets. When you smile at me, I want to do whatever I can to make you smile like that at me again. I don't think it really matters how bi I am or how gay I'm
“Well, let's see.” Dean dumps the rest of the saddlebags off the bed and he and Castiel lie down on their sides, both facing away from the wall. “Well.” Dean laughs. “It's certainly not the most relaxing or comfortable. But I think it's still a few steps up from bumping into that wood stove.”
Dean grimaced. “Why wouldn't I be fine? I should be...great, actually.” He shoved one hand back through his hair. “Tonight went...better than either of us could have hoped.” He worried the inside of his lip. “Right?”
Castiel shrugged. “More or less.” His lips twisted a bit. “I think a big part of it was that they weren't you.” Reaching out, he put his hand on Dean's knee and gave it a squeeze. “I'm glad we found each other again.”
Dean smirked a bit, ducking his head. “Yeah, well,” he countered, “you gotta admit it would simplify things.”
“We're talking right now,” Castiel deadpanned as he reached for the towel. “And this is the first time you've come over since last weekend, so I'm not sure I—”
Catching Dean's hand, Castiel squeezed it firmly. “But you spent all those years believing his love was conditional. Because he told you it was.”
“It's not a competition,” Castiel said, looking down at the beer bottle and turning it in his hands.
Castiel nodded. “I think often...when the Bible presents rules and defines sin, it's mostly trying to get us to think things through.”
“Yeah.” Dean nodded. “Yeah, I mean...” He swallowed, blinking. He worried the waistband of his jeans a little with his fingertips. “Dad's even gonna come to our wedding. Sam too. Adam. They're all gonna be there. It'll be...good.” Like a real family, like John had said.
say that.” He shook his own head, trying to remember. “I couldn't have said that, wouldn't have.” Grabbing Castiel's shoulders, he gave him a rough squeeze and a bit of a frustrated shove. “I'm not going to consign the both of us to a life of monk-itude.” His lips twisted into a pained and horrified grimace. “Is that what you thought you were agreeing to?”
“Okay, well, do this as a favour to yourself,” Sam said, putting his hand over Dean's heart for a moment, “and a favour to him.” He waved his hand in a circular, encompassing gesture. “And as a favour to everyone else too.”
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel ran the fingers of his other hand through Dean's soft hair, the petals of his flower-crown brushing gently against Castiel's skin. “I do like the flowers.”
Dean pushed aside feelings of jealousy that Sam was having a baby with someone he loved and tried to make his sincere happiness show on his face. He was in fact truly happy for Sam and Jess. If not for the ever-present dread over how he knew the dinner would end, it would actually be really nice.
“He...” The image of Dean pacing the bit of open floor before Castiel's desk floated to the forefront of Castiel's mind. The familiar sound of cloven hooves against the wooden floorboards. One corner of Dean's lips flickering upwards as he shot Castiel a mildly impatient look. Castiel swallowed, feeling guilty. “He was hungry.”
“But you're...” Castiel shifted a bit on the couch, features flickering with discomfort. “You're saying you'd want a sexless marriage. Just...all the other stuff, including kids, but no actual physical intimacy.”
Dean chuckled. “Especially when I'm drunk.” After a beat, he added, “You should, uh, probably know that...there are, um, a few things I've never done. I know I dated a couple of guys, but...there's...stuff. That's going to be new to me. I mean, if you...if you wanted to do it.”
,” Dean shot back. Because Castiel was...sort of bi too. They'd talked about that. They'd agreed to pretend the entire conversation didn't happen, but clearly Castiel hadn't been upholding that so Dean probably didn't have to either. “I just—” Dean said in frustration. “I don't know what more he wants from me! I even told him about my panty kink.”
“So have Cas on top,” Sam says. “He's at least...a little smaller.” He is in fact not that much smaller.
Castiel nodded. “For the most part, yes. He's seemed...restless at times, always eager to find some activity to fill his days.” Castiel shrugged. “Though he does like reading, so long as there's a story.” Castiel's lips twisted wryly. “He's not keen on research tomes and the like. But he has from the start expressed both gratitude and affection towards me.”
Castiel worried his lower lip a bit in thought as he let his thumb slide along the curve of one of Dean's horns. “Do you ever—?”
“Hey, the last time Cas and I went a week without talking was...” Dean frowned. “Um.” His cheeks heated a little. “Probably before we met.”
“Okay, but...” Sam frowned, shaking his hair off his forehead again. “Let's rewind back to that part where you didn't expect him to say yes.”
Dean was halfheartedly fumbling for his phone when the door opened and there stood Castiel looking at least a little less hungover than Dean felt. He didn't exactly smile at the sight of Dean, though, so Dean held up his hands and tried, “Look, Cas, I'm really sorry about all that dumb stuff I said last night. I was...drunk. Um, obviously. So can we just treat it all like a drunk text and pretend it didn't happen?”
Frowning, Castiel finished drying his hands and hung the towel up again then pulled his phone from his pocket and unlocked the screen. “I have responded to every one of your texts.”
“That may be true,” Castiel said, smiling in soft amusement. He patted Dean's cheek, eyes fond. “But I think maybe...” He pressed his lips together and looked away, then looked back. “They say anticipation is half the fun. I think perhaps we'll both enjoy it more if we take our time.”
And fuck, now Dean does have a boner. His brother is in the room, for God's sake. Dean tries his damnedest to will it down. Weakly he says, “I'd kinda hoped to go back to sleep.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean let out an exasperated huff. “Yeah, a hell of a lot more gay than I am; believe me, I am aware.” When Sam insisted on continuing to gape in apparent disbelief, Dean grumbled, “Look, I didn't actually 'propose'. I didn't ask him to marry me; I just said that I
Tran shared a glance with Wesson before returning his gaze to Castiel. “But he took the offered blood of his own accord?”
“So, uh,” Sam says, “what are we doing about sleep tonight, anyway?” He shakes damp-looking hair off his forehead.
Clearing his throat, Dean looked away. “All right, uh...” Grimacing, he waved his hand towards the house. “Guess it's probably time we went back in there.”
Crowley's smirk turned into a grin and he stepped away from the wall to offer a smooth bow. “At your service.”
“Can we—?” Dean grimaced, shifting in his seat. “Can we go back to the part where you said you were gay?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Adoption is a thing, Cas. That's how most same-sex couples do it, as far as I know.” He pursed his lips thoughtfully. “It's how penguins do it.”
Dean winced and Sam shot him a worried frown. Dean groaned and only just suppressed the urge to hide his face. “I...think I may have fucked things up really badly.”
“I didn't think I had to!” John shot back. “It hardly seemed relevant to bring up to my adult sons that oh yeah probably I was wrong this whole time about gay people. Sam was madly in love with Jess already and you were running around chasing every skirt that crossed your path, fathering grandchildren I never get to see...”
Castiel tilted his face up to smile warmly at Dean. “It really didn't feel simple at all for a long time.”
“Any Creature corrupted enough to accurately be called a 'demon',” Wesson countered, “could not tolerate any contact with Blessed Water.”
Castiel watched Crowley's exit with narrowed eyes then turned back to Dean. “We owe him a favour? That's what you offered him?”
“You're not going to lose me again,” Castiel promised, placing his hand over Dean's heart. “I want to be angry at your father,” Castiel added after a pause. “And for what he said to you all those years ago and for only taking it back tonight, I am.”
no one asked.” Cringing, Dean wondered if maybe John or even Kate at that point had stuck their noses in. Dean hadn't heard anything about it, but that didn't mean nothing like that had happened. In any case, Sam and Jess were now safely married and apparently planning on staying that way for a good long time. Though maybe that's how everyone planned it, going in.
Grimacing, Adam shrugged and pushed his food around his plate with his fork. “I don't really know. Only been at my new school for a couple of days.”
“Oh, right.” Dean was an idiot, because the Sam and Jess thing had barely even begun when Castiel did his disappearing act so they probably hadn't actually had a chance to meet. “Jess, this is Cas,” he tried, motioning a bit awkwardly between the two of them, “Cas, this is Jess.”
“All right, well...” Castiel grimaced slightly and shrugged his shoulders. “You were drunk and said a bunch of stuff you didn't mean, and I'm mature enough to accept that.”
Wesson leaned back in his chair. “If Healer Castiel's testimony is true, Dean must indeed be a fae.”
But Dean's mind had kind of gone to static in that moment in his dingy little kitchen, at the idea that someone
“What?” Dean shook his head and chased after Castiel's retreating form, catching him by the shoulder with one helpless hand. “Cas, please. Don't do what?”
“I just mean you shouldn't have to,” Castiel insisted. “It should always be your choice.” He winced slightly. “Anyway, I'm so sorry I'm still making you wait.”
Looking down at his hands, Castiel worried his fingers a bit. “I believe he understood I didn't mean to hurt him, that I was trying to help. He may not have...fully understood what I was offering, what it meant.”
Castiel dropped his gaze. “No,” he admitted quietly. His hands moved gently against the warm skin of Dean's arms. “I'm sorry.” Pressing his lips together he glanced up at Crowley again before seeking Dean's gaze. “But Dean...what could you possibly have paid him?”
Crowley flashed Castiel a grin. “No; he's yours. But you do have a point and I should get out of your way. I've had Meg and Ruby ready the baths for you. Dean can show you the way. It's not far.”
“Exactly.” Dean nodded. “And since we're not doing anything wrong or even out of the ordinary, we don't need to justify ourselves to anyone.” After a pause, he added, “No matter what anyone says, they're the ones freaking out over nothing.”
Before Castiel managed any response other than widened eyes, Dean wrapped his wings tighter around Castiel and everything winked out.
Castiel nodded. “I do. In all the time I've known him, Dean never once behaved in a manner I could describe as 'malevolent', and as a magic is only unlawful if it by design or accident harms another person or their property, I maintain that I have not performed unlawful magic.”
, because...you're the one I want to be with, the one I want to spend my life with, to grow old together...with. I don't really know what all of that means, but I don't think it's entirely platonic.” Swallowing, he added, “And if you don't want to marry me, that's fine. I could live with that. So long as you still talk to me, so long as we still spend time together and—” He blinked his burning eyes. “So long as I haven't ruined this completely. I just want you back, Cas. However you'll take me.”
“You'd like that?” Castiel checked as he tugged gently on Dean's hands to draw him closer as he backed slowly towards the living room.
don't even want to be angry at him.” His lips twitched and he looked away, rubbing at his nose. “He gave me a hug. Tonight. Y'know, we've never really been huggers, exactly. But I was crying—he just stepped forward and wrapped his arms around me, tight.” Shaking his head, Dean added, “You're right. Part of me wishes it were simple. I was so geared-up for this to be the last time I saw him, the last time he spoke to me. I was ready for that—or thought I was. I would have known what to do with that, anyway: flip him the bird and drive off into the sunset to my happy ending with you.” Chuckling softly, Dean ducked his head. “What the hell am I supposed to do now?”
as a viable option, despite all the obviously valid reasons that's a terrible idea? I don't need to be told
“Thankfully Sam's still the same overgrown height,” Dean teased, smirking a bit as he poked at his green beans. “If he got any taller he wouldn't fit through the doors.”
Dean shifts a little closer, not like creepy close with his crotch grinding against Castiel's ass or anything, but like...nice close? Dean murmurs quietly so only Castiel should be able to make it out, “Comfortable?”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean rolled his eyes a little as he turned his attention back to his food. “I'm sure I got your genetic predisposition there.”
Pausing with his hand on the doorknob, Castiel grinned at Dean. “I think I might tell the story to our grandchildren.”
“Maybe you want...to be allowed to hate him,” Castiel suggested. “To feel like it would be justified.” He grimaced, shaking his head. “I mean, I don't hate my family. And to be quite honest I wouldn't want to either. But I think maybe it's easier for me, simpler, knowing I'd be fully justified if I did.”
With a soft whimper, Dean laid his head against Castiel's thigh, gently sucking at Castiel's finger. One of his hands caught Castiel's ankle, just holding on.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, of course.” When Dean hesitated again with his claw above Castiel's skin, Castiel added, “Go on; it's all right.”
The image of Dean's eyelids fluttering as he sucked on Castiel's fingers, a helpless sound in his throat, coalesced in Castiel's mind, followed after by the image of Dean curling against Castiel's side in bed at night and nuzzling his face into Castiel's neck or lying his cheek against Castiel's chest and peeking up at Castiel through his lashes. “Yes, very much so.”
“Just as there is of course between that,” Wesson continued, “and tying a Creature up and prying their mouth open to pour the blood in.” He shrugged. “I can't exactly call what you did unethical.”
owe him a favour,” Dean countered, steering Castiel over to the bed and making him sit. “I had no other options—do you think I'd have come to him if I saw some other way?”
Crowley leaned lazily against the wall. “You're welcome to stay here as long as you like. I can have Meg and Ruby help pick up your things from...wherever they currently are.” He frowned slightly. “I suppose it's possible the zealous little townspeople have cleaned out your adorable little tower already.” He shrugged. “But I doubt they'd have intentionally destroyed anything without doing their best to look it over first, try to suss out its relative evilness. Don't worry, Castiel; you won't lose the bulk of your life's work.”
Castiel took a careful sip of the tea. “I suppose.” He grimaced slightly. “Though I...” He sighed. “At this point Dean and I can't return to that town or anywhere near it.” They should seek out Anna and Balthazar, perhaps rejoin them on their ongoing quest. Wherever they might be. Castiel winced. “I suppose I actually have no idea where we currently are.”
Pressing his back into Dean's chest, Castiel replies, “I should be all right. You're keeping me warm.” After a beat, Castiel adds, “Unless you're too warm?”
Wesson nodded, frowning slightly. “Perhaps...” He shrugged, letting both hands slap lightly against the fabric of his trousers. “He could be in the fae realm. You wouldn't be able to summon him if he were there.”
With a quiet sigh, Castiel cast his gaze heavenwards as though for help. “You're the one who brought it up.”
Castiel shifted slightly where he stood, clasping his hands behind his back. The material of his robe itched just a bit around his neck but he ignored it. The smells of dust and too many people irritated his nose but he ignored that too. “Dean was injured when I found him.” Castiel winced slightly as the memory washed over him. The copper flash of Anna's hair in the unnatural light, the dull clatter as the broken pieces of the collar tumbled to the ground, the smell of blood and sulphur in the too-hot air, Balthazar's grimace as he turned from Dean's crumpled form and suggested the merciful thing would be to end his suffering swiftly. “Dying, in fact.”
Smirking a little, Dean looked away. “Yeah, shut up.” Standing up, he shucked off his shirt and tossed it at the laundry hamper. Pausing, he stared at the blank wall for a moment. “Cas?”
“Okay, well,” Dean suggests, rubbing at his nose, “since Cas and I are the normal-sized people, we take the bed—assuming we both fit—and the rest of you aberrations Tetris with yourselves on the floor.”
Castiel stared at him, hand still on the doorknob, for an awkwardly long pause. He didn't look particularly relieved or amused or...whatever Dean had been hoping for as a best case scenario. Dean wasn't really sure what he'd been hoping for. Finally Castiel said, “I...suppose that would be best.”
Sam raised his brows. “Oh. Well, that's...” He swallowed. “That's good to hear, that you'll be closer.” He offered an encouraging smile. “We should do dinners like this more often.”
“Yeah.” Dean blinked, staring down at the carpet. “I mean, just look at my dad, right? He...changed his mind.”
“So how does a gay wedding even work?” Adam asked. “Does one of you wear a white suit? Does Dad give you away, Dean?”
Reasoning that panicking couldn't really help, Dean made himself crawl out of bed and shower and shave and brush his teeth and even have a breakfast of toast and coffee.
Dean twisted his lips a bit. “I think four seems like a good number. Two at least, but four if I can make that work.” He gestured about with his beer bottle. “I could fit four kids into this place so long as Adam's fully moved out: two to a room. That's pretty reasonable.”
“Oh, sure.” Dean rolled his eyes heavenward. “I knock up two women and suddenly I'm the biggest man-slut.” He waved a hand towards John. “Good on you for marrying everyone you ever impregnated. I
Edlund inclined her head in apparent interest. “So you believe this must have been the Creature's true form?”
It's a bit awkward, there being no way to adjust their positions without rubbing all over each other unless they actually want to fall off the bed. But they do manage to get turned so they're both facing the wall. And this is kind of better because now all anyone could see in the flicker of the firelight is Dean's back. He can wrap his arm around Castiel and put his hand in the middle of Castiel's chest without worrying that anyone will catch a glimpse and think it's funny. Or gay. Or funny because it's gay.
“Why what?” Dean snapped, tired of Sam not being helpful. Not that Dean himself could think of a way Sam might actually be able to help, but at least he could be a non-judgmental listening ear or something. That was the whole reason the two of them were here, after all, the whole reason Dean wanted to talk to Sam in the first place.
“You had a couple folding chairs in the trunk last time,” Sam said, shaking his floppy hair out of his face. “Jess came, and she sat in one of them.”
“I wish I was gay,” Dean admitted, turning his half-empty beer bottle in his hands. It was—at least?—the third one he'd had that evening. They'd done a few shots as well. It was Friday night so neither of them had to work in the morning.
Dean stared at John, blood pounding in his ears. Finally, he just said, “Cas and I are engaged.” After a beat he clarified just to be sure, “To each other.”
“Sorry, I wasn't expecting visitors,” Castiel said as he moved past Dean, dragging the heavy bag to the curb. It took another moment for Dean to process that Castiel was wearing a stained white shirt and worn sweatpants.
“Yeah, no offence, but...” Dean says, considering the bed once again then looking back at Sam and then Benny, “there wouldn't even be room for Kevin on here with one of you.”
“Yeah, if anyone needs to take a shit,” Dean advises, “just use a log like we've been doing on the trail.” Sam makes a face at that, and Dean raises his eyebrows, asking, “You'd rather fall in?”
“Well...I...” Dean looked away. “I'm not—” He rubbed at the back of his neck again. “I don't think I've ever been one-hundred percent straight.” He chanced a glance at Castiel's face only to see the frown deepening even further and scrambled to justify himself, saying, “You know that dumb show I like? 'Doctor Sexy'?” Castiel nodded and Dean pressed on, “I've always had a...bit of a crush on the guy, on Doctor Sexy.”
“Speaking as someone who still hasn't broken the pledge...” Castiel shrugged. “I agree. Completely. I never really thought about it like that, but that was pretty manipulative, the way they did that. Especially how it was public, the peer-pressure aspect.”
Chuckling, Dean dropped his gaze to his plate and poked at his remaining food. “Uh...I mean, I think we can wear whatever colours we want. We haven't worked out all those details yet.”
Castiel chucked softly as well and let his fingers trail down the side of Dean's jaw before letting his hand fall into his lap. “I suppose I am.”
“I'm sorry,” Dean said, grabbing Castiel's hand in a quick grip and pressing his lips to the knuckles. “I'm...so sorry you had to go through that. Once. Already.” Soothing his thumb over the back of Castiel's hand, Dean took a breath and added, “Look, we can back out now. We don't even have to go tonight.” John might deserve that for all the plans he'd cancelled early on when Dean still bothered to try to make them. But this wasn't just John; Sam and Jess and even Adam were all supposed to be there. A proper 'family dinner' and it wasn't even Thanksgiving. “Or we can decide here and now we're not going to tell them, that you and I are 'just friends', keep the physical affection low-key and platonic-like—”
“We already have physical intimacy,” Dean pointed out. “To some degree.” They cuddled all the time. Which, again, not super-straight, if Dean was trying to keep score. When the silence began to stretch out a bit between then, Dean tried to meet Castiel's gaze and offered, “It's nice.”
Dean sighed, draining the last of his beer and making an unimpressed face at the empty bottle. “I told him about my stupid crush on Doctor Sexy, about my college experimental phase...”
Dean rolled his eyes and tightened his arms across his chest again. “I'm pretty sure I already know 'his side', Sam: he had a whole list of objections that he was happy to share.”
“Yeah.” Dean puts his own hand over Castiel's. Chuckling nervously and cheeks heating a bit, Dean adds, “In a bigger bed and without the, uh, peanut gallery, this might actually be nice.”
“Of course I find you attractive!” Dean snapped, suddenly defensive. “Didn't I just—?” He made a quiet sound of exasperation. “I just said that I was. That I was interested: 'that way'.”
Dean exhaled. This was fine. He could do this. He had his knuckles poised over the door when the door swung inwards, revealing a Castiel who clearly did not expect to see him.
Keeping one hand firmly gripping Dean's arm, Castiel stepped a little away from him to face Crowley. “What does he owe you?”
. We have time.” Hell, they hadn't even set a date yet. They could...put this off indefinitely if they had to.
Edlund inclined her head slightly. “Thank you, Seer Missouri, Scholar Sam.” She turned her gaze back to Castiel. “Healer Castiel, can you describe your first encounter with your familiar and how he came into your employ?”
“I don't think we should really be taking advice of this nature from pop songs,” Sam said, because he could be a bitch like that. “Also,” he added, “since when do you listen to pop?”
Castiel brushed a gentle kiss to Dean's bare bicep then rested his cheek against Dean's shoulder. “What did...he actually say?”
Kevin rolls his eyes but says, “That's fine; I don't mind sleeping on the bed while the rest of you are on the floor.”
“Dean!” Castiel exclaimed when they re-materialized and Dean carefully set Castiel on his feet on a smooth stone floor. But it...shouldn't have been possible. Gripping Dean's biceps for balance, Castiel glanced about the space until his eyes fell upon the one factor he apparently hadn't let himself consider, the robed man leaning casually against the wall with his arms folded and a smirk on his face. So, not the fae realm after all, then. Castiel's lips twisted with distaste as the realization twisted his gut. “Crowley.”
“Cas,” Dean countered with a teasing twist of his lips, “we've known each other for five years: I think anything we do at this point automatically qualifies as 'slow'.”
“Yeah, well.” Dean wrinkled his nose and swallowed. “Guess that's what happens when you make stupid decisions like that.”
Dean's features twisted with incredulity. “Yeah? So what. Is that bad or something?” Sam grimaced like he was about to give Dean some obnoxious lecture about correct modern terminology. “Katy Perry says it in the song,” Dean pointed out. “And she's bi.”
Leaning in, Castiel pressed a soft kiss to Dean's cheek. “You are especially beautiful when you're blushing.”
idea anymore. It would be like copying off his brother's homework, and Dean was pretty sure a proposal was supposed to come from his heart. He finally settled on, “Your hands.”
, dammit, Sammy.” Dean heaved a sigh, folding his arms tight across his chest. “I almost thought he was interested in the whole idea at that point, but then he shot me the hell down. I was drunk, okay? I thought maybe he'd understand the drunk thing when I tried to apologize, but now he just responds to my texts after several hours with only one or two words and brushes me off.”
“Well,” Dean said, walking over and snagging his unfinished beer again before flopping down on the couch, “that's why I wished I could be gay.” He took a swallow of beer then gestured with the bottle. “It would simplify a lot of things. But unfortunately I like women too damn much. So I guess the best I could hope for is being bi.”
Kevin coughs on the liquor when it's his turn, and Sam claps him on the back saying, “Yeah, it burns.”
Dean waived a hand. “He told me tonight that he could never stop loving me, that he could never have abandoned me. That's what
“Never,” Dean told him. “Though,” he added with a chuckle, “this might go a bit smoother if one of us has some idea what he's doing.”
Sighing, Adam picked up his fork and worried it with his fingertips. “I came out as gay,” he said bitterly. “And Mom couldn't deal.”
At the same time, a cloud of dark purple smoke burst out from some point that must have been close to the base of the post at Castiel's back. People shouted as the cloud enveloped them, but then Dean was there, alighting right in front of Castiel and folding Castiel in his wings. Dean pulled a knife from a sheath on his leg and reached around to cut Castiel's bonds. Dean smiled crookedly, breath warm against Castiel's face. “Miss me?”
Dean twisted his lips. “Yep. I mean, I knew it was a bad idea...but I did it anyway because...I dunno.” He twitched his shoulders in a shrug. “It didn't seem to matter. What do I even have left to give the person I marry?”
“With...determination,” Castiel replied, “resolve. Dean typically enjoys a fight, but most prominent is his worry for those he's protecting, especially when children are involved.” Castiel winced slightly. “We didn't expect the battle to be so difficult, for the Shade to prove so powerful. And I was too busy, too focused on the child—whom we found near death—to offer much help in the battle itself.”
The heat from the stove is bordering on uncomfortably hot through the blanket against Dean's back, but the heat from Castiel's body is warm and pleasant against Dean's front. There's a bit of chilly draft nipping at the tops of Dean's ears, but if he tilts his head just right then the tip of his nose stays warm in the little bubble of air bracketed in between their shoulders and the back of Castiel's neck. Castiel's hair smells like sweat and the forest because it's been a few days since any of them have been near a shower, and rain doesn't count.
“Unpleasant,” Castiel supplies. They've currently got all their saddles in a haphazard line along the porch rail, sheltered from the rain. The porch would be dry, certainly, but the smell of horse sweat and damp leather would be rather strong.
Oh, right. Castiel swallowed. Perhaps he couldn't make his voice carry quite far enough for most of the crowd to hear, but Edlund's scribe stood at the ready to record Castiel's statement. “In all the time I've known him, Dean was never malevolent.” Clouds darkened over the square and the air chilled. Several in the crowd looked up and about worriedly, probably rethinking their decision to attend an execution that day. Castiel made his voice as strong and sure as he could. “He's always been...kind. Perhaps it is easier to go about your lives judging people by appearances—”
Dean's body twitched with the effort it took to avoid saying, 'God, that's hot', and then he realized he just should have said it. He almost said, 'Sorry,' but realized that wouldn't even make any sense. Finally he settled on a weak, “That's good.”
After a beat or two, Dean asks, “Warm enough?” They have a couple blankets but the cabin is still drafty as all hell. “Because we could switch places so you're closer to the fire.”
“And your kin whom you mentioned being present for this event,” Edlund asked, “were they aware of your intentions? You are a family of monster-hunters; perhaps one of them may have been aware of risks that you were not. Did neither offer any warnings on this matter?”
“Well,” John said, clearing his throat, “I'd be proud to have you as part of the family regardless.”
Kevin blinks a few times but manages a crooked little grin as he passes the flask back to Benny. “Not sure I'll ever have it again.”
“Here.” Dean extended one curved and pointed claw, a little incongruous with his gentle fae form. “You can heal it after anyway, right? Just like always?”
.” Reaching over, he patted Castiel's knee. “The next time we see Kevin you can out-number-crunch him while I go take a nap.”
Wesson cleared his throat. “It could perhaps be considered a minor offence to refuse to cooperate with officials in this manner. Though—” He glanced sideways at his companions. “—if the familiar is injured, attempting to summon him could in fact interfere with his recovery.”
Castiel shrugged. “It doesn't tend to go over so well amongst gay men, in my experience and understanding.”
Wrapping his arm around Dean, Castiel pulled him in and pressed a kiss just in front of his ear. “That's the most important part of the story.”
“I—” Dean cleared his throat. His cheeks did feel a bit hot, now that he thought about it. Damn it. “Well, I dunno what I've got to blush about,” Dean countered. “I'm not the innocent virgin.”
Edlund raised her brow again. “And all of that was before you acquired the Creature known as Dean Smith?”
Castiel chuckled. “Though I suppose a nice soft pastel purple could also work...” he mused. “Maybe with a rainbow cummerbund.”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek and checked his own phone. It was about a normal time for how late the two of them would stay up on a Friday night drinking, but it was kind of...
Dean grinned, feeling a little dopey. His cheeks heated a bit more, either from the alcohol or the image that came swimming into his mind of Castiel snuggling a little baby in his arms and beaming at Dean. Feeling a little off-balance, Dean said, “Yeah.”
Castiel's shoulders rose and fell in a small shrug. “I usually say I'm gay for simplicity's sake, but really...I'm a bit...bi, or 'bi-curious'...or 'homo-flexible' or whatever you want to call it. About a five on the Kinsey scale.”
John shot Dean a hard look. “Whatever childish sibling rivalry you've managed to hold onto all these years, you have no right to try to make him feel unwelcome in his home or unaccepted by his family.”
That was...a fair point. Probably. Dean made an unhappy face. Even Adam had managed to get someone to say yes to his proposal. Both of Dean's brothers were officially better at life than he was. It was kind of depressing. Okay, it was a lot depressing.
Castiel chuckled again. After a pause he said, “So, tonight...even if there's no...shouting match...we're still just...saying we're engaged and that's it. Right? No other details.”
Edlund raised a brow. “You claim to have never once in your entire life harmed anyone or their property, even by accident?”
“Sam—” Dean looked away, letting out a helpless breath. “I don't think—I really don't think...” He grimaced. “I'm pretty sure he's just going to shoot me down again.”
“I...don't even remember that,” John said, narrowing his eyes like he was in fact trying to remember.
Castiel turned slowly to face Dean, eyes narrowed in confusion. “I suppose,” he said, clearing his throat, “that is a compliment.”
Chuckling, Castiel reached over and gave Dean's knee a squeeze in response. “I think I'd rather take a nap with you.”
Sam shot Jess a meaningful look and the two of them were staring at each other just long enough for Dean to start wondering what was up when Sam finally cleared his throat and said, “Jess and I actually have an announcement.”
“Do I get to be the best man at your wedding?” Sam asked, walking around the front of the car and shaking his hair off his forehead.
meant it. I'd get like...a week, tops, before I tried to climb you like a tree—I mean, have you looked at yourself lately? You're hot. But yeah, we are definitely not doing that 'sexless marriage' thing. We could do sex without the marriage if you want, but not marriage without the sex.”
“About as boring as it sounds,” Castiel filled in with a small half-smile. He shrugged, adding, “But it's steady hours, steady work. I can't really complain.”
Castiel sniffed, pressing his lips together. “I mean, maybe...they all just need more time. Sometimes...it takes time. To change.”
John jerked his chin towards the house. “The way you ran out of there, sure seemed like you were scared of your skinny little brother.”
“All right.” Swallowing, Dean gave a jerky nod. His voice sounded strange to his own ears. “Sounds good.”
needed it.” Dean's gaze burned intense and insistent. “They were going to kill you, Cas. Did you have some other plan? Some better option?”
Groaning, Castiel shifts again and, uh, maybe he needs to be a bit more careful about how he's doing that since they're still in the room with everyone else and Dean really does not need to be popping any boners at the moment. “Think I need to roll over,” Castiel rasps.
Dean focused on not tripping over his own feet as he followed. “Yeah! I mean, uh, they have...sorta manly ones, right?”
“It was.” Castiel nodded. He had neither been very young nor particularly inexperienced when he first met Dean. Perhaps Castiel had been naive, though, as he had never quite expected or properly prepared for this turn of events.
my first apology, because that's when you really seemed to get angry, and the only thing I can think of that I could have done wrong—because honestly I didn't say very much—was say let's pretend it never happened, so I'm saying now: let's un-pretend.” He met Castiel's eyes with the most determined gaze he could muster. “It happened.” He spread his hands slightly then let them fall against his thighs. “Let's deal with it.”
Cas chuckles warmly and rubs his cheek against Dean's shoulder, rough stubble prickling just a little through the material of Dean's shirt. “Good.”
“Hey,” Dean shoots back. “I seem to recall both you and Sam vetoing the idea of trying to sleep on this awful thing on account of the both of you being enormous. It's not even Cas that's the problem, for the record. It's this bed frame. It's just...stupid. Very uncomfortable.”
Dean grimaces. “Right; I've got that on my side too, so unfortunately I know exactly what you mean.” It's some kind of ridge meant to keep the mattress from sliding off, apparently. Might make some small scrap of sense on a top bunk, but this thing's barely a foot and a half off the floor. Where's the mattress even gonna go?
“Well, that's just the thing!” Dean let out an exasperated breath. “They never talked about any of that. They just got us group of dumb teens who didn't know anything about anything in a room and told us that sex was the end all: that one perfect and pure gift you could give once to one person. Sure, they talked it up about how it had to be our choice, don't pledge unless you mean it, all that. But who wanted to be the only one who didn't? And who wanted to...to go against God?”
Castiel makes a noncommittal hum. Pressing his nose into Dean's neck he nuzzles a bit into Dean's hair saying, “I suppose we would.”
“I do talk a big game,” Crowley added with an unconcerned flick of his brows, “but in truth I haven't even been able to convince either of mine to take on a much more appealing masculine form.” Shooting Dean an encouraging little grin, he added, “Can you do the human one?”
Dean grinned, finally feeling at least a little relieved. “Sure, um, if you want. What're you making?”
most people. She’s someone he can just hug, no questions asked. He wraps his arms around her and she responds in earnest. If she sheds a few tears into his shoulder, he pretends not to notice.
. I honestly don't understand how she manages to be right about everything, but it's delightfully annoying. Seriously though, she's always right. ALWAYS.
Cas smiles slightly at the joke and Dean watches the corners of his mouth strain against whatever weight lies heavy upon him.
“You’re Cas? As in Castiel? As in Angel of The Lord, Castiel?” Charlie takes very slow and measured steps toward Cas who starts to speak.
Bile burned at the back of Dean’s throat. He’d thrown up plenty of booze, but so much of it had already hit his bloodstream by the time Sam had arrived. He felt restless and heavy at the same time. His eyes drooped, but his back ached from where Sam’s elbow had been pressed into it. It had been the only way to keep him upright for a while there. Dean blinked a few times in the semi-darkness and felt himself drifting.  It was a cool minute before he realized that his view was no longer of their moldy motel walls.
“I’m not used to being confined to the dimensions of this form. I’m curious to see how it affects my movement. Under pressure. Plus it might… help… things.”
Well. It's been just over 7 years since I last updated this fanfic. I stopped watching Supernatural around 2015 and I thought I was done. I thought I was out, but then November 5, 2020, happened and by god, they pulled me back in. Please consider the act of me finishing this fic as my "one last job."
He pushed his lips against Castiel’s with a new found fervor and Cas responded enthusiastically. It was sloppy and frantic. Dean’s mouth opened hungrily against Cas’s and their top teeth clinked together. Cas clumsily reached his arm up Dean’s neck and into his hair, tugging gently. A little moan escaped Dean’s throat and hummed against Cas’s lips as he felt the shaking fingers of the angel trace circles on his scalp. Slowly they found a way to fit themselves together and as new and unfamiliar as it all was, Dean couldn’t remember ever feeling anything better. He bit at Cas’s bottom lip. He traced his tongue over the indention his teeth had made and felt giddy.
“When I said you don’t get a free pass, I was saying you’re not fucking invincible! You can’t be reckless! If you die – you die and I don’t know if any kind of demon deal or act of God’ll bring you back from that. You don’t get a free pass to act like an idiot all the damn time anymore!”
“Welcome to the club,” mumbles Dean. He sits down next to Cas with his arms propped up on his knees. “You’re making sense. It’s just like I told you, you can’t hold it in – not like this. I wasn’t kidding. You’ll start taking it out on everybody around you and it’ll get a whole lot worse than just yelling at Kev.” Dean thinks he hears something on the other side of the door – the scuffling of boots, or the bitter grumblings of a dead man. He ignores them.
Cas smiles in a sad sort of way. Something unsaid passes between the two of them. Neither acknowledges this wordless exchange. Dean coughs a little in order to break what’s turning into an uncomfortably long staring contest. Cas glances downward. He sees a spread of glistening shrapnel and is reminded of the mess he’s made.
“Oh!” Dean says. “And Spock is part alien. That’s why he’s got the ear thing going on.” Dean gestures to his own ears and Cas gets a goofy little smirk on his face. Dean ignores it. “He’s half human, half Vulcan.”
He wasn’t alone though. A man stood at the far end of clearing in outdated attire. He held in his hands a large spool wound with string. The string stretched upward, seemingly defying gravity, and Dean saw it tugging at the edge of a multi-colored kite. The kite bobbed and fluttered in the strong wind. It never fell or faltered. It just kept flying.
“I mean,”—Charlie shifts closer to Dean—“You don’t actually trust him… do you? Cured or not, he’s still Crowley!”
“Right. Kirk’s like Spock’s opposite in a lotta ways. He’s hotheaded, goes with his gut, a real ladies man. But… you know. They make a good team.”
and her place. And that kitchen in Lawrence Kansas, with the faded wallpaper and the gingham table cloth and the pots hung from the ceiling like a cast-iron mobile, it holds the remnants of what few precious childhood moments Dean was ever allowed.
“In short, you’ve taken my beloved trench-coated angel baby away from me and that simply won’t do.” As Charlie says this she laces her left arm through Cas’s right and locks their elbows together.
. If it were you instead of him, things would be different. You wouldn’t want to know because you wouldn’t… feel inclined to…
“What’s this about now?” Dean grumbles, turning away from Sam– who’s trying desperately to find the right page in his book again.
When Kevin seems unable to stomach any more food, he slides his plate away and resumes using the table as a makeshift pillow. This essentially signals the end of the meal and one by one they all take their empty dishes to the sink. Crowley acts as if he’s going to start washing the dirty plates and Dean is about to pry the dishrag from his grubby little hands when a loud series of bangs sound from the control room. Everyone in the kitchen stops moving. They wait. Kevin raises his head from the table. They hear it again.
need you. Angel or not,” Dean clears his throat a little, feeling heat creep up from his neck to his cheeks. “You said it yourself – you’re a soldier. Well… me too. I served 26 years in the John Winchester Family Marine Corps.”—the words ‘Daddy’s Blunt Little Instrument’ enter Dean’s head, but he ignores them—“And I get it. Trust me I… but a soldier isn’t anything without his comrades. Brothers in arms, okay?
Sam rolls his eyes as he loops his arm around Kevin’s back and practically carries the inebriated prophet out of the room. It is decidedly quieter when the youngest members of their team leave. Dean supposes it isn’t fair to count his 4-year head start on Sammy as a real age difference when Cas and Crowley are in the room, but he does it anyway. Because, as the big brother, that’s his job.
. It was in pristine condition. Dean had never read it and so claimed it as his own. It was now secreted next to the vinyl collection in his bedroom.
I reiterate: I don't own Supernatural or any of the characters I've hijacked below. All glory to TPTB. Kripke is our king.
Sam sighs. He runs a hand through his hair and clenches his fingers. His eyes close. He takes a deep breath. How many times had Sam assured Dean that the cure would hold? How many hours had he spent watching Sam review the original cure tapes and files? Sam had read them over and over again, interviewed Crowley almost daily about his state of mind and emotional stability. Dean had allowed Sam to get chummy with Crowley. He hadn’t said a word.  And the two shared things now, like secrets and jokes. Dean had let it happen again. And now the revelation that “history repeats itself” starts to darken the skin under Sam’s eyes.
“So you just steal from the richest, most powerful men in the world on a daily basis?” Dean grabs the remaining clothes and follows Charlie toward the front of the store. When they toss the jumbled mass of hangers onto the countertop, the cashier slaps her magazine down with unnecessary force and glares at them through narrowed eyes.
“Ah! Is it my night already? I best get on with it then.” Crowley smiles amicably and saunters off to the kitchen, throwing Sam a pointed glance as he goes. His agreeability only pisses Dean off further.  Sam’s guilty expression isn’t helping either. The remnants of the conversation Dean’s just overheard chafe at the insides of his skull. And since when are Sam and Crowley best pals, anyway? Sharing secrets over homework assignments like prepubescent girls. He’s about to round on Sam and demand an answer when Kevin pulls his headphones out of his ears and stands.
,” says Dean and Charlie jumps up and down again. “But I’m coming with, in case we run into trouble. I’m not sure I trust you with that pea shooter.”
It would be different than living with a brother. It would be undoubtedly different. But that didn’t make his interest… that didn’t mean… did it? Dean lay on his back with the cracked motel ceiling above him and sifted through those intentions, opening them up for scrutiny. It hadn’t been a fluke. Just recalling the dream sent a certain sort of warmth to his abdomen.
Dean realizes she’s been working up to asking this question all morning. He reads the heartbreak on her face like map. She’d reacted quickly in order to lighten the mood when Cas had dropped the angel bomb earlier, but she hadn’t ignored it. She’d been processing, thinking, formulating a plan of action. That’s what Charlie does. But Dean’s never seen her this unsure before, this
“You’re damn straight I’m angry!”—and Dean was yelling now. He hadn’t wanted to yell, but he couldn’t help it. It all came boiling out of him—“You betrayed us! You betrayed us and then you
Charlie freezes. She looks quickly between Dean and Sam as if they must be crazy and eyes the shot gun across the room. Sam steps in.
Cas nods and exits while Dean stoops to start collecting the bigger pieces of debris. He runs Cas’s little explosion over again in his head. He hopes that he got his point across. He hopes this means that Cas is on the road to accepting his new circumstances. Lord knows Cas can deny trauma with the best of ‘em. Maybe that’s even Dean’s fault a little – learning to handle emotional strife using The Winchester Method is ill advised at best and permanently psychologically damaging at worst. The truth of the matter is that seeing Cas so…
The Queen of Moondoor had congregated everyone in the center room after dinner, first by challenging Sam to an arm wrestling match (the fight had lasted about 0.2 seconds), and then by answering Kevin’s line of questioning on her career as a professional hacker. The prophet had been awestruck by the revelation that he’d heard about and even witnessed some of her handy work. Apparently, Charlie was some sort of infamous hacktivist operating under the moniker “H@rl3y Qu1nn.” A discussion about her reprogramming of some corporate websites led into talk about her many other hobbies and eventually into a bawdy series of recollections from her favorite comic book conventions. Halfway into a story about how she’d drunkenly stumbled into Elijah Wood once while in full Legolas cosplay, Dean remembered that he’d done nothing about the sleeping arrangements and finished off his beer before heading upstairs.
“You know exactly what I think is going to happen. I think it’s been happening for quite some time.”
“Awesome find, right?” Charlie is beyond smug. “I’m pretty sure it’s not a replica either. It certainly feels old enough.”
to cover it. You’re getting this shirt Cas. You’re getting it and then I’m going to steal it.” He finally looks up from the t-shirt design and realizes how close he and Cas are. Also, that he’s practically pulling the shirt up and over his friend’s chest. He drops the hem he’s been clutching and takes a little step back – pretending to cough into his fist as he does.
“Uhh, kind of, actually. It’s just a style. We can try something else.” Charlie adjusts Cas’s tie and straightens his sweater.
Dean clears his throat and wills Cas to make eye contact. Cas does not oblige. What follows are a tense couple of minutes. Crowley reenters from the kitchen and senses something’s up, something he’s not needed for. He quickly places an overfull wine glass in front of Castiel and grabs Sam and Kevin’s many beer bottles on his way back out of the room. A few seconds pass before Dean hears the faint clinking of dishes and sighs. He silently wishes for Crowley to develop a hobby that doesn’t involve vigorous housework. ‘Clean’ is one thing. ‘Spotless’ is obnoxious. But one problem at a time. Cas and he are alone for the first time in what seems like forever and it’s time to rip off the bandage. It’s always best to do it in one fell swoop.
For a minute, Dean expects Cas to claim he doesn’t understand the reference. For a minute, Dean thinks things might be like they used to be. However, any hopes of a nostalgic and innocent ending to this talk are dashed with the look on Cas’s face.
As usual, I don't own Supernatural or any of it's characters. I'm just borrowing them for a time and I fully intend to return them in moderately good condition. (Well I say
idea!” Kevin wipes tears from his eyes and tries to stop giggling and hiccuping. Dean’s very glad that Kevin has been able to loosen up since joining them in Lebanon, but the drinking is worrisome. Not that Dean can really talk.
. Sharp, triangular, encrusted in blood. The relief Dean was feeling moments before slides out of his stomach and is replaced by a sharp aching sensation. He stands, the angel blade in one hand, the other fishing around for the phone in his pocket. But it's not there. It's where he left it, on the seat of the Impala. He curses under his breath. Leave it to him to remember a gun but forget a goddamn cell phone.
Cas makes a face like he’s actually considering this suggestion and is utterly horrified by the very possibility.
When someone or something changes you without your consent, righting that wrong can consume you. It can become your
“Listen, there’s a strong possibility the angels don’t even know you’re in the state. So don’t go startin’ something you know you can’t finish.” Says Garth. Dean rubs his palm into the socket of one eye and looks at Cas with the other. The fact that Cas is still standing in a fighting stance doesn’t escape his notice.
“What the hell’s that supposed to mean? Hey! Don’t you walk away from me! What do you want me to do then, huh?” Dean shouts as Kevin heads for the staircase of the control room.
“Come in,” He says, motioning for Dean to pass through the door. Dean does so and quickly takes in the room. It looks a lot like his – everything neat and tidy and in its place. Cas doesn’t have a lot of possessions, but the few he does are well taken care of. His trench coat is hung on the back of the closet door, visible and at the ready. A place of honor.
“You gotta start trusting me, Cas,” Dean says calmly. “We’ve gotta start trusting each other. Because when it really counts, and it will, we have to be ready.  And that starts now.”
He stares at the screen a moment too long and drifts onto the shoulder. The sounds his tires make against the rough asphalt tear him away from the phone and he directs the car back into the center of the lane. He really shouldn't text and drive. But he does anyway.
“We can’t just throw him in the dungeon, Dean,” says Sam, slamming shut his book. A small cloud of dust erupts from the pages.
Phew! *wipes brow* This chapter is finally done! I really enjoyed writing this and I hope it shows! I've gotten a ton of encouragement from readers and I thank every single damn one of you. I was originally going to try and fit more into this chapter, but I think it stands on it's own fairly well. So I'll leave you with this and promise the next update is on it's way!
“It’s not poison, for Christ’s sake, it’s Benadryl. Now take it before I decide knocking you over the head is the easier solution, here.” Dean shakes his hand slightly from side to side. The pink pills shift and roll in his palm. He raises his eyebrows as if to say
Cas scoops up the capsules and his fingers linger against the skin of Dean’s palm. Dean chalks it up to poor motor control and sleep deprivation, but something about it is... strange. Intimate? It doesn’t help that Cas stares directly into Dean’s eyes the whole time. It’s as if he says, “Okay, Dean. I trust you. You know best.” Their knees collide as Cas reaches for the water and downs the medication. Then a moment of silence, neither knowing what to do or say. There’s no reason for Dean to be so close to Cas now, but he doesn’t move away. Instead he takes the glass from Cas’s hand and allows their fingers to slide over top of each other. Again, it’s a small gesture, an almost irrelevant point of contact, but it
Sam clears his throat and shakes Dean out of his daydream. His brother’s got that puppy-dog look on his face – the one he makes when he’s worried about something. For a brief second Dean’s terrified that Sammy might still be sick and trying to hide it, but – no. That’s not right. Sam wouldn’t look near this perturbed if the trouble was his own. And he hasn’t stopped staring at Cas since Charlie left the room. Dean’s about to ask him what’s wrong when Cas abruptly stands and pushes his chair under the table. He hasn’t changed into his new clothes and is still wearing Dean’s t-shirt. There’s a fresh beer stain on the hem.
The town of Lebanon, Kansas boasts a population just under 300. Most of these people are longtime small-towners. They live and die in their isolated communities. They take in the fresh country air each morning and tend to their rural gardens with a sense of ancient and unusual pride. Technology has been slowly seeping into the pores of small town America, but not in Lebanon. These people do not feel the draw of modern comforts. Cell phones are for business men, computers for programmers. It is a fascinatingly old community. People still drive to their neighbors’s homes to borrow cups of sugar and invite each other over to Sunday dinner. The idea of the church potluck is alive and well here. God is carved into the bones of every hardworking farmer and he drips from their brows as they labor in the warm Kansas sunshine. They do American work, with American values, in the name of The American Dream. Even when that dream breaks down. Even when it disintegrates entirely like topsoil in a dust storm. They cannot be moved. Lebanon is a town of survivors.
“I’ve been waiting for this. I’ve been waiting for a confrontation, for my punishment. At first I assumed you’d kill me upon sight. Bite off the head of the serpent. Nip the eternal failure I am in the bud. But you didn’t. You’ve kept me protected and tolerated me. You’ve worked tirelessly to fix my errors. This is hardly the first mistake I’ve made or that you’ve had to mop up. It’s a pattern, Dean. It’s…” Cas trails off for a moment, but Dean doesn’t know what to say. Then the moment is gone and Cas becomes truly erratic.
Charlie breaks the tension in the room. There seems to have been a lot of that today, despite Dean’s best efforts.
Things aren’t fitting together. The more he thinks about the pain, the more it hurts and the more it hurts, the more he thinks about it. He lifts his head and stares for a moment at the shut laptop. Highlighted roadways crawl over a bird’s eye of Kansas in his mind.
Dean opens his mouth to retort, but is cut off by Cas emerging from the changing room. He steps out in a red cardigan and a pair of what must be uncomfortably
It’s not even an interesting drive to Smith Center. There’s nothing to look at, Kansas having a distinct lack of impressive scenery or interesting geographical phenomena. They follow a single road all the way west until they hit civilization. It’s a straight shot and a fairly short one.
“Yeah, yeah,” says Sam. “But Chuck stopped printing after Dean… well…” He looks at Dean apologetically. Dean dismisses it with a wave of his hand. Sam continues.
Sam is getting better. That, at least, is a worry off of Dean’s shoulders. It seems that once the trials are truly abandoned, they release the doer from their Herculean grip. Sam’s progress is slow, but each day he can stomach a little more food, walk a little further, smile through the pain with less falsehood. The bunker is a blessing. Dean can only imagine how much worse things would be if he were carting Sam around in the Impala—from motel to motel— and watching him cough up a lung in the back seat. He isn’t quite sure how the bunker is able to keep the worst at bay – but it does. Nobody comes looking for them at their sanctuary.
“I sure as shit did!” Charlie whines. “Those poor devoted fans were left with Dean in hell for eternity! That’s just awful! It was like
“Oh God,” he says.  “Don’t get me started. I about committed murder-suicide right there in the store.”
“No, why?” Sam looks up from his journal briefly before scrawling something else in the margins. File folders, stacks of books, and diagrams line the coffee table. The empty spaces beside Sam on the couch are hidden by research.
“I donnnt need your azzistance!” Kevin slurs, trying to extract himself from Sam’s grip. “I am perfegtly capable – capable of – I’m a grown-ass man, dammit—!”
Dean looks up for a moment over her head. Sam’s still scrolling through his and Charlie’s phones with a puzzled expression, but Cas stares straight back at Dean. He tilts his head sideways in a familiar manner. There’s something strange about his expression though. It’s a mixture of surprise and something else Dean can’t quite place. He supposes Cas has always been a little confused by public displays of affection. He dismisses it as Charlie pulls out of their hug and hits him on the chest a couple of times.
Charlie doesn’t have much time to respond as Cas rounds the nearest clothing rack and the cashier tells her the total, but Dean swears he sees some of the burden lift from the lines of her face. Not much. Just a little.
Initially, Crowley’s induction didn’t go well. Upon sight, Kevin launched himself at the dethroned king of hell. The kid got a few good hits in, too, before Crowley fell to the floor in complete surrender. He wept openly, begging to be shown mercy. Kevin was completely and appropriately stunned. The situation was explained. Crowley admitted that he hadn’t actually killed Mrs. Tran. She was hiding in Washington – under the impression that Kevin had sent her to a cushy safe house on the Olympic Peninsula. Crowley had sent her the coordinates from Kevin’s phone with express instructions not to contact him until he’d given her the okay. After this revelation (and a long distance phone call) the prophet came around.
Charlie sends Cas back into the dressing room with a new set of hangers and returns to her seat. She immediately picks up her and Dean’s conversation.
“Who could use a little what now?” he asks, skipping up the steps into the library – a big, fake smile stuck to his face. Sam jumps at his brother’s entrance and accidently knocks a book off the table. It clatters against the tile and Sam scrambles to retrieve it. Crowley, however, doesn’t miss a beat.
The man looks beyond bashful beneath the mound of garments he’s already piled high with.  Dean wonders how Charlie’s managed to pick out so much merchandise in such a short period of time (he couldn’t have been gone more than ten minutes) but he doesn’t ask her. He knows when to step aside in the face of a master. She zips around the store, pulling out pair after pair of jeans, button ups, t-shirts, undershirts, jackets, and the occasional tie. She pauses just long enough to ask for their opinion on a striped v-neck or set of khakis before flitting back into the dense forest of huddled racks. Dean can barely keep track of it all. The stack in his arms grows almost as unmanageable as Cas’s. Eventually Charlie stops her mad dash to review the fruits of her labor.
“No you’re not.” Dean huffs out a little laugh and Cas narrows his eyes. He shuts the book with a snap that echoes in the chamber. He calmly places it on the table in front of him and puts both hands in his lap before he speaks.
“I’m sorry, okay? I didn’t know it was such a sore subject. I didn’t even know you guys were aware of it to be honest. I was kind of holding out hope that I was secretly an original character in some sort of really accurate alternate universe Supernatural fanfiction.” Charlie huffs and blows at her bangs.
Dean explains quickly about the third trial, the botched cure, and how they couldn’t be sure it would manifest a permanent change in Crowley’s demeanor. They decided, rather hastily given the circumstances, that keeping the demon with them was the best course of action. Then, after a while, when it seemed that Crowley’s contrition wasn’t completely fleeting, they let out a little slack on the leash.
There weren’t scars on his back – no wounds, no gaping holes, or feathered stumps. And he’d sat impossibly still while the needle pressed into the tender skin over his spine. Dean didn’t see him flinch, not once.
“Vulcans are like these – well not emotionless, exactly. But kind of. They’re all about logic. And having feelings for them is kind of seen as this weak thing. So Spock tries to keep his human side under wraps.”
Lightning struck the man with the kite. He continued to laugh. His kite did a barrel roll. The rain did little to weigh it down.
Dean paused. “I could tell you. I could tell you if you weren’t a pile of angel dust. But I can’t even pray to you now, can I? Nobody hears it now, Cas. Nobody.”
I love you all dearly for waiting patiently and continuing to support me with your comments and kudos. Seriously. You're all stars. Each and every one of you.
In anyone else this scene might have been a calming one. It only put Dean on edge. Something was off. Something was here. And then Dean saw him.
“I watched out for you… probably more than you knew. It made me feel of import, as if I alone had a very special job to do in keeping you safe. I felt it was my duty to act as your protector… I wasn’t very good at it, was I? ” Cas lifts his head from his chest and avoids Dean’s eyes.
Just wanted to thank all of my readers again for being so patient and generous with their kind words and encouragement! I am determined not to let you down. See you in a week! I PROMISE.
And I drove up to South fucking Dakota to try and find your dot and – and – and I thought – Jesus! I thought –” Charlie is trying very hard to avoid crying. She is trying to be a hard ass. She is trying to reprimand Sam and Dean for being the inconsiderate human beings they sometimes are. But Dean sees straight through the routine. He sees through it because he’s given the same kinds of speeches to Sam more times than he can count and they’re always about one thing and one alone: fear.
“Cell phone. You of all people should be familiar with that particular technique.” Dean gives Charlie a look.
“I wanted to ask you real quick” – She side-eyes the back of the store – “Is Cas okay? I mean, obviously he’s probably not
It takes Dean a while to find the hidden dirt path; it lurks behind a gnarled oak tree. The hairs on the back of his neck stand on end when he first spots it and any remaining hope that the whole thing's a fluke slips from his grasp. The sun draws closer to the horizon as he pushes past the brush and into the woods. The branches of the surrounding trees hang low over the trail. For something supposedly used so recently, the walkway screams of neglect. When Dean finally makes it out of the weeds, he hits a clearing. A large, round clearing cut from the thick of the forest. Once again, something about the area sets off Dean's sense of impending danger. His fingers grip the handle of the gun resting at the small of his back.
“You can’t do shit like this, Cas! You’re gonna make yourself sick!” Dean throws the blanket off his lower half, pointedly not caring that he’s only in a t-shirt and boxers. He gets off the couch and stalks out of the room, leaving his friend behind in a confused stupor. When he returns, he’s clutching a packet of some kind and a glass of water.  He sets the glass down heavily on the coffee table and fumbles with the silver and plastic pouch. As he sits at Cas’s side, Dean pops two pills from the packet and holds them out in his hand without comment.
idea?” Dean’s words echo around the training room before it falls silent. That may have come out a little more hostile than he intended, but Kevin’s right about one thing. Walking on eggshells is getting real old, real fast. Dean turns to go, and is stopped short of the entrance.
Dean can hear the snark through the phone. "I'm sorry I took off. I was crawling up the goddamn walls stuck in that place."
“S’alright,” he grumbles, sliding a hand down his face. With his other hand he reaches back over his head and fumbles with the switch of a lamp. It clicks on and illuminates a smartly dressed living room. In addition to the couch Dean’s currently occupying, the den also houses a plump arm chair, a flat screen tv tucked into one corner, a turntable beside that, and is of course covered wall to wall in books. Built-in shelves line the space and hold, not hunting texts, but pleasure reads. They’re alphabetized by author starting on the far right wall and run clockwise around the entire room. Dean had spent a few hours browsing the titles one day and had been floored to uncover a copy of Vonnegut’s very first novel tucked into the stacks:
As if fueled by spite, Dean overpowers Cas and flips them. Now Cas is the one pinned, his weapon rendered useless by the fierce grip Dean has on his wrists. They breathe for a moment – an impasse – Dean straddling Cas’s torso and Cas unable to wound him. Sweat beads off of Dean’s chest, rolls over his tattoo, and drips into the hollow of Cas’s collar bone. Their eyes meet. Pupils dilate.
Here he is. Dean Winchester. Inveterate liar. Hopeless alcoholic. Traitor to Heaven.  And he, of all people, has been charged with taking care of this once powerful being. He’s tucking a goddamn, certified Angel of The Lord into bed. And it’s funny, in more ways than one, because Dean kind of gets it. He gets why Cas has always offered so freely to watch out for him while he sleeps. Their friendship – profound bond, whatever – comes with responsibilities. Before, when Cas was the superior figure, Dean imagined he felt the looming concern of the angel wherever he went. Cas was always… well,
Cas smiled in a half-broken way and before Dean could process what was happening he felt the angel’s arms close around him in a fierce hug. It took a second, but then Dean wrapped his arms around Cas in return and buried his face in the lapel of that familiar tan coat.
The worst part is Dean really doesn’t know what to tell her. He clears his throat. The woman’s almost through ringing up the clothes. Cas is probably on his way to the front of the store by now. He feels pressured. Does he spare Charlie further anxiety over the matter or does he tell it to her straight? Does he protect or does he confide? He’s hit this wall so many times before. With Sammy and Bobby and Cas and Lisa and even John. For the first time, he chooses neither option. He aims somewhere in the middle and hopes it’s worth the shot.
He doubts his father ever knew. About any of it. If John did notice it, he ignored it. He preferred to maintain that his little soldier was the picture of masculinity and strength. And Dean tried. He tried so hard to live up to those standards. For years he trained himself to avoid anything deemed ‘sissy.’ He hid his comic books and his science fiction novels. He read them in secret, a deep guilt settling in his stomach. As if his need for an escape from his freak show of a life was weak or wrong. He’s shed so much of his father’s skin. Sloughed it off almost entirely in the dirt bath of purgatory. Yes, Dean supposes if his father could see him now… he would likely be eternally and indecently amused. Dean can almost hear it – the disappointment. The degradation.
Castiel lifted his head and there was sadness in his features. He stared at Dean, his gaze intense. Dean met this prolonged glance with a clenched jaw.
. I write a lot of rants and meta and post a lot of fandom nonsense. So feel free to check it out if you're into that kind of thing and also wouldn't mind knowing where I am in the writing process while you're waiting for the next installment.
“There’s a lot I never say. I’ve been pushing crap toward the back of my skull since… well since I can remember. I just shove it down, you know?”—Dean shifted slightly under the weight of Castiel’s arms, but he did not retreat—“I don’t think about it and I don’t let it be a part of me and I drown it with liquor and women and just about any other vice I can sink my teeth into. And this is one of those things I don’t talk about. And I’m pretty sure this isn’t even real. And I’m
Dean isn’t sure what he’s planned to say next – wings? Grace? – but whatever it is, he doesn’t say it. The air is sucked out of the room like someone took a vacuum to the doorway. Sam’s eyes widen and all laughter stops abruptly. The temperature of room suddenly feels much too warm. Dean turns to stare up at Cas, who stands in the entryway like a wax statue. The angel continues to smile.
Dean nods again and leaves the room. There must be Tylenol in the hall bathroom. The pain is unholy -- like some asshole wraith is gnawing on his grey matter. And while Dean finds the right bottle of pills in the medicine cabinet, he tries to get the image of liquefied brains out of his head. He downs three Tylenol and a couple of Aspirin before closing his eyes and leaning hard against the sink. He dry swallows and the tablets stick as they slide down his throat. He feels more than tempted to take a serrated melon baller to his head – try and scoop out the parts radiating agony. He trudges down the stairs and into the kitchen and downs a can of soda. The caffeine should help eventually.
Cas settles down at the table Crowley has been circling. He absent mindedly picks up a book and flips through its pages with blatantly feigned interest. Crowley’s footsteps echo in the silent space as he exits through the kitchen door – propping it open as he goes.  The space that’s left between the only two people in the room seems ridiculously large, so Dean moves to join Cas at his table of preference. The chair creaks as he settles into it, but Cas doesn’t appear to notice his new companion.  Dean downs the remainder of his scotch and makes a decision. He is going to get Cas back. He is going to pull Cas from whatever hole he’s retreated into. He is going to find a way. When Dean’s glass runs dry he slams it down upon the tabletop – hard. The sound startles Cas who, though not engrossed in the pages of the demon guide, clearly wasn’t totally present.
Charlie sits in the back and flops her arm out the left window, occasionally lifting it up to let her hand ride on the wind. Cas is in the passenger seat, staring out at the landscape with a perturbed look etched into his brow. His shoulders are tense, his arms tucked to his sides. Dean watches him for a moment too long and Cas turns to meet his gaze. Dean quickly whips his head back to stare over the dashboard. He doesn’t want Cas to think he’s worrying… but he’s worrying. Shifting his grip on the wheel, Dean sarcastically wonders what the former angel could
Thanks for reading! And thanks again to my lovely friends Emily and Balke for their edits and for encouraging me to return to this story. Y'all rock ass.
“I know…” Cas looks at his feet. “I’ve let you down. I don’t deserve anymore chances and I don’t expect a ‘pass’ from you. I –“
There’s a night in the bunker when Dean looks around and something stirs within his chest. He’s sunk in a leather wingback tucked between the brick wall of the library and a book shelf. The chair’s angled to see the room at large and his vantage point reveals a pleasant scene. Earlier, Crowley had served drinks. As a result, the space turns giddy. Dean clutches a tumbler of scotch in both hands and watches from the side lines. Kevin and Sam sit at the long table furthest from the entryway. The number of empty beer bottles beside them grows as they converse between stacks of books about some mythological legend or other. Their deep, intellectual conversation slowly devolves as the booze flows. All the while Crowley circles the table next to them with a glass of wine, running the fingers of his empty hand over ancient tomes and occasionally making a quip that doubles Kevin over with laughter. From the way Sam narrows his eyes ever-so-slightly at the remarks, Dean doesn’t have to guess who they’re about.  There’s a word on the tip of his tongue. It’s not family. It’s not residence or permanence or brotherhood. Its
The two of them sit and watch the movie for a while without talking. Dean looks over to his right every couple of seconds to check on his friend.  The antihistamines haven’t won the battle just yet. Cas keeps jolting himself awake. He’ll be almost out, barely clinging to awareness, and then shake or push himself into a more upright position. Dean rolls his eyes. Khan appears to The Enterprise before Cas speaks again. When he does, he slurs in an almost unintelligible fashion.
Dean let himself shut his eyes. Castiel was still swimming there, closer than he’d ever been before and yet forever far away. Dean didn’t know what to do. So, he did what he always did when he was at a loss.
He lies in bed the first week. He doesn’t take care of himself. Dean eventually forces him to take a shower and eat and do all the little human things it’s now necessary for him to do. The second week is better. Castiel gets up every morning, at least. He burns the coffee while Dean cooks breakfast and Crowley hovers in the kitchen – hoping to be of assistance. Cas doesn’t talk much, but then none of them have ever talked much. Dean accepts any sort of progress blindly. He’s never been one to look a gift horse in the mouth.
And remembering the pressure of those lips and the soft scrape of that stubble sent Dean upright with a jolt. His desire to…
“The trench coat! It’s what he’s known for… in some circles. That and the backwards tie.” Charlie starts to circle Cas like a cat does a wounded bird. She’s studying him. Waiting. Scheming. “Seriously, you’ve gone and
“Maybe you could help me…” There’s another pause during which Dean wants to shake the man beside him until he finishes his stupid sentence. “With some combat training?” Cas studies his nervous hands intently.
Dean pulls up in front of one of two clothing stores in town and lets Charlie and Cas get out before he goes to find a parking spot. He parks quickly in an effort to guarantee he doesn’t miss the opening act of what’s sure to be a show worth watching. Knowing Cas and Charlie, they’ll all get kicked out in no time for generally unacceptable behavior. The whole outing vaguely reminds him of that ridiculous incident at the brothel – Cas looking all terrified and debauched, a half-naked prostitute screaming at him to get the hell out of her sight. Dean shakes his head and chuckles under his breath as he rounds the outside corner of the consignment store.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Charlie says, rolling her eyes, “Just the bajillion texts I sent you after people started
“A decent and durable cellphone – or really any device with GPS capabilities, basic understanding of how a car battery works, and internet access.”
“Yeah, Kevin asked me to talk to you.”  Dean sighs and makes a lap around the room. He straightens things that don’t need to be straightened and fiddles with whatever is in his reach. “So, what happened – I guess?”
Sam looks as if he’s going to say something else, but leaves without another word. It isn’t until he’s up the stairs and out of sight that Dean realizes he still has no clue what Sam and Crowley are hiding from him. If they’re hiding anything from him at all.
“Definitely,” she says. “They’re not very difficult to hand-make if you’ve got the right materials.”
“The – the song... You know the song! The – the –” Dean realizes he’s on the verge of humming a few bars and stops himself. “I’m not gonna sing it! It’s bad enough I even know it!”
He puts the phone down and returns his attention to the road. He savors the drive, lets the grip of the wheel beneath his hands ground him. It's his last chance to think before he has to deal with Crowley. Before he has to kick it into high gear. Then again, Dean always seems to be operating at 500%. Rest, peace, relaxation -- all foreign concepts. He tries, certainly, he tries. He'll kick up his feet, close his eyes, and take deep breaths, but his mind won't stop racing. Someone needs something. Something needs doing. Problems need solving.
“Oh, I would, Winchester.” Charlie slides the iPhone from her pocket and gestures with it menacingly. “And I know people. I can make that kinda shit go viral in no time flat.”
Dean makes his way from the bedroom hallway to the balcony, down the stairs, across the control room, through the library, and sidles into the kitchen around 9:15. By the time he’s made the impressive trek across their sprawling compound, he’s worked up quite an appetite. An obscenely hung-over Kevin sits slumped at the breakfast table, his head in his hands. Dean pulls ingredients from their bulbous 1950’s refrigerator and lifts various pans and utensils from the surrounding cabinets. He lets the doors to the cupboards slam shut.  There’s a groan from the table area. Dean smirks and cracks a few eggs into a bowl. He takes a very deep breath and begins to scream his every word.
Charlie is speaking with Cas in a newly serious manner about his preferences in fabric and color. Dean and he share a momentary connection. They don’t say anything. They just lock eyes and Cas smiles slightly with the side of his mouth. Dean smiles back and nods. Cas needs this. Dean gets it. Only this morning he was admiring his own identifiers – the Led Zeppelin album on his bureau, the guns racked on the walls, the pictures he’s finally rescued from the depths of his wallet sitting in frames around his very own room. He’s lived a life devoid of ownership before. He’s hid beneath the shadows of others and neglected his own desires. He doesn’t want the same thing to happen to Cas.
Dean has no clue how he’s supposed to handle it, but he doesn’t crack. He is all smiles and hot soup and pats on the back. Crowley is surprisingly helpful. He does the dishes. He goes on grocery runs. Sometimes Dean hears the former demon sobbing at night from the room they’ve set him up in, but he doesn’t put his damage on display. Crowley doesn’t admit that he’s trying to atone for all of the shit he’s done in the past. He just makes shopping lists and scrubs the pots and pans.
“You could at least let me help you rig up a decent car tracker,” says Charlie. She stares at Dean’s jittery fingers for a moment and flashes a quick smirk before burying it under a look of genuine concern.
And that’s when Dean sees the wings. Pairs upon pairs of stone wings. They extend in different ways – rear up to take flight or curl into the backs of their hosts. They’re made heavy from granite and marble. The angels stare at one another -- smiling benevolently, gathered around the garden path like old relatives at a family dinner. A couple of them are cracked and leaning against one another. It’s a strange little shop, Dean thinks. The Impala roars past the garish display. Before it’s out of his sightline he notices a large black hatchback hiding in the shaded drive. It’s a hearse, freshly washed, and all dressed up for a funeral. Cas probably saw The Den on his way into town that first day after The Fall, trudging through the brush, making his way to his own den. His own brittle friends. Dean has an urge to turn around, burn the whole house to the ground and salt the ashes. But he keeps driving.
Dean glances toward the silent form beside him to find that sleep has finally claimed the former angel. His head is tilted back, his mouth slightly open, and his arms deadweight by his sides. Dean has to stifle another laugh and considers snapping a few pictures with his phone, but decides against it in the end. It’s too early to be so cruel. Dean pauses the movie and stands to go retrieve it from the DVD player and return it to its case. He’s about to turn out the lamp by the couch and leave the den when he sees Cas again – his neck scrunched uncomfortably against the back of the seat cushion. Dean looks at the lamp, looks at Cas, looks at the lamp and leaves it on before making his way to help his friend avoid a pinched nerve.
out. But he didn’t.  If Cas notices the specificity of the statement he doesn’t show it. Dean figures if there was ever a time to make things personal, it would be now, so he continues on his slightly altered path.
“Eat as much bacon as you can stomach,” Sam says soothingly as he takes his seat next to Kevin. “The fat’ll soak up the alcohol. Trust me. Bacon got me through my first semester at Stanford.”
things to Dean. He tries not to think what he’s thinking. He tries to quiet the buzzing in his head. He’s been keeping this… tendency hidden for this long. Why is it all of a sudden so much harder?
“Would you?” Dean rubs at his face a couple of times before looking up at Sam, who seems amused, but not unkindly so.
“It’s a movie. Don’t – don’t worry about it.” Dean has a hard time reigning in his smile. “What I’m saying is, you need to find a way to get that stuff out: shoot a gun, punch somebody, gank a demon, Hell! Get laid for once! You find ways.”
“It was about his grace. I found something interesting in the tablet.” Kevin walks further into his corner and scans the notes, eventually pulling a crumpled slip of paper off the wall. “It talks about the essence of the grace, the significance of it, blah blah blah. But then here”—Kevin holds the paper in front of Dean’s face and stabs at it with his pointer finger—“it gets a little confusing. The tablet goes on about how if a grace is removed, but ‘twice gone’ or ‘unwanted,’ no restoration can be made. I’m just not totally sure what that means. So I took it to Cas.”
Cas jolts upright at the mention of his name. He seems to have been completely ignorant to their game of “monkey in the middle.”  In fact, he looks pretty out of in general, as if he’s having a hard time staying awake. The disoriented way in which he avoids eye-contact is hard to ignore. Noticing this, Sam shoots a quick glance at Dean before turning his attention back to Charlie. She’s strutted around to him and has her hand outstretched. With a shrug and a smirk he relinquishes the bottle and Charlie grabs another off the table in front of him. She appears to make her own assessment of Cas’s behavior and gets that familiar glint in her eye. The whole thing is pretty obnoxious and Dean can’t help but roll his eyes when Charlie and Sam share what he’s sure is meant to be a ‘meaningful’ look.
“Dean! Um, can I talk to you about something?” he says, sliding the angel tablet away from him like an empty plate. Kevin’s taken over an entire corner of the library. The walls of this space are covered in notes, most of them illegible, some scrawled on the torn corners of takeout menus, others organized into neat outlines. He normally works in silence, blasting music, and ignoring the rest of them.
“Jesus, twenty? You weren’t nearly so pissy at twenty. Were you?” Dean walks over to Sam’s table and drops into a chair beside his brother.
Dean stares at him, incredulous. Kevin, Sam, Crowley, Cas – they’re all driving him nuts with their secrets and their mood swings. An irritation Dean didn’t even know was fully there bubbles to the surface and he can’t help but voice it.
“Let’s at least talk to him first. Maybe there’s an explanation to this that doesn’t end in shackles.” Sam opens his eyes and looks up through his eyebrows at his older brother.
“I understand, Dean. We’re working on getting y’all off lockdown, so just sit tight and take care of yourselves.”
“I know it’s not you, Cas. It can’t be you”—Dean found it necessary to clear his throat—“I saw those bigmouths rip you from the inside out.”
Dean takes a final swig of water and walks onto the mat at the center of the training room, admiring again the charm of the place. A not-so-secret part of him wants to put on “Eye of The Tiger” at full blast and reenact the montage from
“I… I guess I do.” Dean must look stupid – all wide-eyed and thrown for a loop – but it’s an odd thing to hear and discuss so casually. A voice in his head urges him to run
“What?” Dean grumbles, snatching the remote off the coffee table and returning to the couch. He doesn’t sit quite as close as before, but he also doesn’t put as much space between Cas and himself as he really could. It’s a compromise, he decides, but a compromise of what? As the previews roll, he props his bare-feet atop the table and crosses his arms. Cas is still watching him.
“You know I’m doing this for him! So he can get his stupid angel mojo back and the least he could do is not rip me a new one when I ask a simple fucking question!”
And Dean does. Vividly. He still can’t scrub the stench of vomit out his work boots. He stares down at Sam and sees his brother sink slowly into the couch. His face is without expression, his eyes wide and focused on something invisible.
And it all rushes back to Dean – the books. Of course. Charlie’s read them. She knows all about Cas. She knows about everything right up until the apocalypse and she’s got an obsessive personality. It was only a matter of time before her fanaticism caught up with them. And Cas is absolutely the kind of character she’d latch onto, isn’t he? Dean has a feeling it’s gonna be an interesting few days. Eventually, Charlie loosens her grip on a wide-eyed Cas and manages to compose herself. She clears her throat.
“Good to know you’re still a bad liar,” Dean deadpans. He appraises his friend thoughtfully and something about Cas’s manner flicks a switch in his brain.
Dean’s knife is knocked from his hands and off the mat. It clatters on the concrete floor of the training room. Cas takes immediate advantage of Dean’s vulnerability and propels himself forward. They both slam to the ground. Cas almost wins then, but Dean succeeds in keeping the wooden edge of Cas’s blade away from his neck.
“Just your average, run-of-the-mill billionare CEO whose bank security is insultingly shitty. One of many, unfortunately. Well, I say
. Not even facing Leviathan. Not even confronting unknown evil whilst dressed in a tunic. Charlie is entirely and unequivocally worried.
wasn’t something he admitted to himself. He always tried desperately to dismiss his feelings as being of brotherly intent. His stomach and groin often told him otherwise, but that wasn’t overly difficult to disregard. He cared about Cas, sure. He wanted Cas to be around as much as possible. When Cas had been alive he’d caught himself considering calling the angel to him for more and more frivolous reasons. Sometimes he’d allowed himself to fantasize about what life with Cas would be like. Traveling in the Impala with Cas. Watching movies at Bobby’s with Cas. Arguing over radio stations with Cas. Sharing motel rooms with Cas.
And even though the music pulses throughout the car with an impressive intensity, Charlie isn’t discouraged. She either misses or ignores Dean’s hint and only endeavors to speak louder over each drum solo and guitar riff.
He stretches his neck a little and spots Cas out of the corner of his eye pulling the sweaty t-shirt from his back. There, between his shoulder blades, is an anti-possession tattoo. They’d taken him to get it almost immediately after The Fall and at Cas’s insistence. There had been an affordable parlor two cities over and Dean had agreed to drive. The place smelled of an old ash tray, but the resident tattoo artist was competent. She hadn’t even blinked when Dean pulled aside the collar of his shirt to explain what they wanted. If she made any assumptions, she didn’t voice them. But just as she had lowered her disposable razor to shave Cas’s chest for the transfer, he’d stopped her.
In the present, Dean doesn’t just notice the tattoo or how it’s identical to his own. He notices strange things, like the perspiration on Cas’s skin.  He notices muscle definition. And how snug and low the waistband of Cas’s sweatpants fall. When the former angel turns around it becomes even more difficult for Dean to ignore or deny that how he’s looking at Cas isn’t exactly ambivalent. The guy’s fit. That’s not new. So he’s got great arms… and hip bones that form a v-shaped ridge… So what?  Dean’s seen it all before – and covered in bees, no less. So why does he reach to remove his own damp t-shirt? Why does his skin burn with a heat that isn’t from exertion?
a fighting chance in particular. You leave the room when I so much as mention heaven or the douchebag who’s locked himself up there. But, of course, how could we
“Cut him some slack? All anyone’s done since he fell is ‘cut him some slack!’ I’m kind of fucking tired of tiptoeing around him.”
When he pushes past the front door and into the shop, a wall of cold air meets him. The AC is cranked to the max and a little chill runs down his spine as he surveys the place. The clothing is hung on different sized racks all around the store and there appears little method to the madness. Some racks tower over others. Some are organized by color, others by style, and some by no discernible characteristic at all. The single cashier, an older woman with a beehive, glares at Dean from over the pages of her periodical. Dean spots the top of Cas’s head by the far back wall and moves in that direction. When he finds his way through the mess of the store, he sees that Charlie’s got a couple of different shirts by the hangers. She holds them up one at a time in front of Cas’s chest.
For being so worried about his new form, Cas sure knows how to handle himself. He shifts easily from stance to stance – never losing balance – never faltering. He makes eye contact with Dean as they tussle and a dormant flame seems to awaken in him. His stare becomes brutal, like it was in the days before his rebellion. And this should probably scare Dean. But there are things that just stay with a person, no matter what. For some it’s a quirk or a trait. For some it’s riding a bike. Dean never did get around to figuring that one out, but for him it’s knowing instinctively when to lift his arm to block a jab. It’s sensing an ambush before it happens. It’s being the first to fire in a Mexican standoff and walking away unscathed. Cas offers little to fear with his intensity. It’s an intensity his opponent mirrors.
“Oh, yeah, by the way – who’s paying for all this?” Dean asks, gesturing to the not insignificant ‘buy’ pile.
He felt himself being forcefully pulled from Castiel’s hands. His eyelids trembled and shut against the increasing downpour.
Dean jumps into action. He springs toward the fridge and reaches to slide his hand along the top. He finds the hidden pistol there and cocks it as he sprints through the library, into the control room, and up the staircase. As he approaches the door, he looks down at the room below him. Sam lifts a shotgun from where it’s been leaning against the wall and nods as if to say “I gotcha.” Cas stands next to Sam completely weaponless and Dean wants to scream for him to get back into the kitchen. He doesn’t. A fear settles in Dean’s stomach. It’s a fear he’s well accustomed to. This could be it for the bunker – for his home. He’s never been allowed creature comforts before. Why did he foolishly think this time would be any different?
Kevin responds to this advice by silently loading his plate with the greasy stuff.  By the time Dean joins the table, with a large pan of scrambled eggs, the bacon has been thoroughly picked over. Crowley practically attacks the scramble and Dean frowns.
Cas has retreated to his curtained stall and Charlie just smirks, scooping up half of the “buy” pile and leaving the rest for Dean.
“That’s the spirit! What do you say, can I keep him?” Charlie pouts her lips and turns back toward Dean. He glances around for any kind of support. Sam just smirks away, Kevin looks like he’d follow Charlie to the ends of the earth at this point, and Crowley seems to have disappeared – likely, to busy himself with more chores. Dean heaves a large sigh.
The lights in the library sear his eyes shut and Dean turns them off before sitting in front of his laptop. It hums and whirs like a reminder. The path the Mazda took is just waiting in Charlie’s GPS tracker log. Turn by turn directions. Exact coordinates. Dean drops his head to the table and presses it, hard, against the wood. The pressure temporarily relieves some of the pain. He tries to think.
“But Kirk… Kirk is human.” Cas continues to fight the drugs that are now holding him captive on the edge of unconsciousness.
Dean remembers what a future with a human Castiel looked like before. How could he forget? Drugged up beyond recognition, over-sexed, manipulative, and ambivalent about everything – including his life. Dean betrayed Cas in that timeline. He let his friend go to waste and rot before his very eyes and then he sacrificed him without a second thought. Cas was just another pig up for slaughter. But Dean’s not that man. He keeps telling himself that Cas and he are different than they were back then. They aren’t going down that road. It will never come to that. Dean decides right then that he won’t
Dean glances back at his friend, who looks so small and so human. His shoulders are slumped, his eyes just as piercing as ever, and there’s something sad about the way he stares. It’s like he’s pleading. Dean considers how strange their existence is. The close quarters amplify everything, take the volume and dial it up to eleven.  Minutes ago they were laughing and joking and unacknowledged rules were being thoroughly broken. And now… as much as Dean feels sorry for Cas—and he does—nothing good ever comes of pity. He walks out of the training to find Sam and relay Garth’s message. Before he leaves he calls back to Cas and his words echo in the wide open space between them.
“Fashion is identity, Dean! Cas is human now, right?” She glances up at Cas. He nods. “Yes. And that means he has the right to personal expression – Clothing, being a major element in the exhibition of one’s inner self.”
The shirt that Cas wears beneath a stylish tweed blazer, and that Dean begins to inspect, is a Zeppelin tour t-shirt from Knebworth Park, 1979. It features The Swan Man – his countenance much like an angel’s, his feathered wings spread wide. He appears to fall from the black and starry heavens. Dean grabs at the bottom of the shirt and pulls it outward to get a better look at the design. Cas seems completely bewildered by the action and turns a little red as Dean exposes the top of his beltline and a portion of his lower abdomen.
“What do you mean what did we do? We haven’t done shit in months! I’m friggin’ dying of cabin fever over here!”
Cas says nothing. However, the comment seems to remind Charlie of her preoccupation with the man, and she turns to him. Something about what she sees makes her furrow her brow.
And now that it’s Cas who is vulnerable and in need? Dean understands the urge to protect him. Even as he snores on the living room couch.
“Good! How’s…” She goes silent for a moment and then seems to make up her mind about something. “Okay, what the hell’s with Crowley?”
Dean notes) he presses play on the remote and settles in for The Kobayashi Maru and Ricardo Montalban. As the film progresses he finds himself explaining aspects of the plot to Cas, who nods and follows the details surprisingly well.
Dean reaches over to his left and scrapes his cellphone off the polished coffee table. The glare of the white little screen blinds him temporarily. “3:46 AM,” it reads. He locks it again and tosses it back onto the table with a loud clunk. He can’t see Cas anymore.
“But you didn’t have to do anything!” Says Dean heatedly, still wondering how anyone could find their pain and misery so fucking entertaining. Crowley leans back against one of their wall instruments and tries not to smile. He is unsuccessful in this endeavor.
“Dean and Sam have informed me that it’s not necessary to wear a long coat indoors,” Cas says, a little forlorn.
“That’s not important right now,” says Sam. “Charlie, how did you read past Dean going to hell? I thought that’s where the series ended.”
Sam looks honestly bewildered. He takes the phone from her hands and scrolls through the conversation feed. Then Charlie rounds on Dean.
“You’re shutting me out!” Dean realizes too late the mistake he’s made. He should have said ‘us.’ You’re shutting
Cas pulled out of their hug and looked at Dean in a way that made him feel utterly transparent. He could almost sense Cas boring holes into his forehead and rooting around in his brain. And that’s when it hit Dean like a wall of paved cement. Words were hard. Words didn’t ever come out right. Not even Cas could manipulate them to his ultimate will. They always left something to be desired. Actions though— actions were almost scrutable on occasion. So, he looked at Cas and let go of every barrier between him and the things he’d been squashing since birth. He just felt. He just let himself feel something for once.
“That said,” says Dean with a frown. “The looming over me thing… I’m not gonna lie, it’s pretty creepy.”
There were years spent slicing through the haze of cannabis and wading in and out of drunken consciousness. There were addictions and vices that he’d vehemently deny ever having if questioned about. There were times when he’d been desperate – desperate for cash and for contact and for intimacy. These desperations would sometimes culminate in promiscuous transactions taking place behind run-down gas stations. They were dimly lit affairs. So many of them drug initiated escapades. Dean remembers skin and the stench of dirt. The grip of sweating twenties in his hand. The exact number of these kinds of exchanges he’s been a part of over the years escapes him. It’s enough to be significant. It’s enough that he used to go in for the odd HIV screening when he blew through a town with a decent hospital.  And he doesn’t know why he’s thinking about those experiences. They weren’t all exactly pleasant. Not to mention he hasn’t done something like that in… what, seven years? Nearly a decade. That’s enough time to change, Dean thinks. That’s enough time to warrant a shift in someone’s needs, someone’s interests, someone’s desires.
Cas reached into his memories of touching Dean’s soul, and he and Jack knocked down the walls in heaven because Dean had been alone. They put families and loved ones near each other because Dean had worked so hard to find love. They made a world without monsters or fear or pain, the paradise Cas had dreamed Jack would bring, because Dean deserved peace.
Castiel released the soul only a few meters below ground in its grave. The pain eased immediately, and Castiel yearned for a deep breath of Earth’s air in relief. He took a moment to observe the soul’s form, and chose not to risk holding it again. This human,
In just over a decade, so little time to an angel who had existed for eons--eons of eons, really--Cas had come so far from recoiling at the touch of Dean’s soul. He stood before Dean, and wanted nothing more than to touch his soul again, infusing him with the knowledge that he could be loved. He wanted to scream, “I have proof!” What he ended up doing instead was saying three short words, amongst a lot of longer ones.
It took less time than he’d thought to hear a prayer, especially as he wasn’t sure he’d ever hear one again. But, yet again, Dean shocked him, for what Cas felt--so
Dean clears his throat. “Also, uh, last Thursday night. You didn’t commandeer the Mazda for a midnight snack run did ya?”
“RISE AND SHINE TABLET BOY! ISN’T IT A GREAT DAY TO BE ALIVE?” Dean grins like the cat that got the cream.
“Ow! Fine! Fine – we’ll get a third phone or something. A back up,” Dean says. “Or, hell, we’ll just give you Cas’s number.”
“He’s not my ang—!” Dean’s cut off by the sound of Kevin slamming the door to the upper hallway. The silence in the wake of their argument is only slightly deafening.  Dean puts a hand to his head and massages his temples. He feels a headache coming on.
P.S. [DISCLAIMER] I know nothing about guns. I know I live in Texas. I feel like I should have some sort of inherent knowledge of firearms, but I don't.
I apologize for the wait. I'm seriously embarrassed with how long this took me to write and I'm sorry I left you guys hanging. I also apologize that this chapter isn't full of excitement. This is one of the reasons it took me so long to churn out. But it's a necessary chapter and I hope you enjoy it nonetheless!
be thinking about. It isn’t hard to guess when Cas sets his jaw like that – like he’s determined to do something about something. Dean knows that kind of preoccupation intimately.
“Well!” Charlie interjects, hopping up from the couch. “I think that just about does it. Cas, you can go put your regular clothes on again and Dean and I can start taking this stuff up to the front.”
The two spend the next hour or so arguing about the merits of different television programming. Cas interrupts every couple of minutes or so by appearing in a new set of clothes. Charlie makes comments on his appearance, asks how he feels in whatever garb she’s shoved him into, and eventually ushers him back into his stall. Despite the repetitive nature of this proccess, It’s not as excruciatingly boring as it could be and it
“Yes, let go. And when I do manage it, I’m inundated with visions of the past – dreams, memories. It’s very disconcerting.” Cas props his elbows on his knees and lowers his face to rest in the cradle of his hands. He massages his forehead with his fingertips. “I’ve never slept like this before – fully human. It’s… it’s harder than I imagined. So, I thought I would see how long my new form can function without rest. The less I’m required to sleep, the better off I’ll be.”
Kevin spends most of his time desperately translating the angel tablet – hoping beyond hope that there’s a way to set things right or summon an angel’s grace. Dean tells him not to push too hard. He makes Kevin take breaks and days off. He wishes Kevin didn’t have to translate the damn thing at all. He wishes he could show the kid a way out. Dean doesn’t want to tell Kevin what he fears he already knows: there
seemed like a decent model. Or at least according to Google. If my use of the gun is grossly inaccurate, I suppose you could let me know. But really you should take it up with Google.
“Yeah, Bones, he was the other member of their little trio. Head physician. But Kirk and Spock are best friends. That’s important to know. Comes into play later.”
Thing is, Dean actually kind of enjoyed himself. But he can’t just admit that. Not to Sam. He remembers the Zeppelin shirt tucked inside his dresser and feels a warm little twinge in his chest.
When Dean finally looks up from the floor, Cas is smiling. It’s the sincerest smile Dean’s received from him in months – maybe years even.
Some Production Notes: I haven't actually watched past Season 10 and this fic takes place in the aftermath of Season 8. I have extremely limited knowledge regarding what happened in the 5 seasons I missed out on so, any similarities in the plot are purely coincidental. And also evidence that I easily could have written for this nightmare show that I have apparently sold my soul to... again.
The morning after the wine glass incident is a lazy one. Dean lies in bed for a good hour after he wakes up. Having a regular sort of sleeping pattern doesn’t always agree with his body. He’s gotten so used to catching three hours of rest here and there, running on empty, and downing whatever he can con off a pharmacist to keep him going. Sometimes Dean misses the rush of being on the run. That’s the way he’s lived the majority of his life. Sure, there was that year with Lisa and Ben – which he pointedly refuses to think about – but other than that he’s always been transient. He’s done what he’s had to do to survive. There’s no shame in that, but it does mean he’s got the occasional memory that he’d like to forget.
Howdy folks! The update took a little longer than I wanted but it's here now! Chapter 9 is in the pipes as well. Thanks for your support and your patience! I'm coming back to Supernatural after a long time away and it's been quite the journey.
“But, that’s the kicker,” Dean scoffed, “You didn’t even lose me! I’m still right here! Waiting! You
“Oh, I don’t know, let’s see. You refuse to help with the tablet. You scream at a kid who’s given up his whole life to give us a fighting chance – to give
“Well, like you said, people have been falling from the sky lately – angels, to be exact – and those angels are kind of angry about, you know, getting chucked outta the heavenly gates.”
Charlie’s lecturing Dean on the benefits of Joss Whedon when Cas materializes in what Charlie assures him (for the third time) is the last thing he’ll have to try on. Dean is again mad speechless by what adorns Cas’s body. This time, however, it’s for a very different reason.
Before Charlie had gone she’d left Dean with a couple of parting gifts: 1. assurance that should they ever need anything, she would prefer they only call her as a last resort; and 2. a new ringtone. One which, Dean quickly discovered, was password protected.  He lifts himself off of Cas’s chest, suddenly a little self-conscious about the whole affair, and goes to pick up his phone. Cas just laughs and raises himself up on his elbows.
“That all?” Relief unfurls in the pit of Dean’s stomach and something else too. Something Dean can’t quite place, but it hits him low.
Cas lunges forward and catches Dean off guard. He’s forced to dive hard to his right and slams his shoulder against the mat, which only moderately softens his fall. Cas turns to attack again, but topples over when Dean trips him with his legs. This provides a small window in which for Dean to get back on his feet, but Cas recovers quickly. He kneels, swiping at Dean’s ankles. The two of them fight with skill and vigor. Neither proves to have a distinct advantage over the other, only different styles of combat. It’s an oddly complimentary arrangement. Cas moves like a cat, graceful, darting, even under the constraints of his flesh. He does not hesitate. He only acts.  Dean, meanwhile, eschews subtlety for raw power and forces Cas back with every indelicate attack.
He sneaks a look at Cas and again finds him rigid with frustration. Dean swivels his head toward the road again and whispers something under his breath. Cas hears the murmur over the rush of the wind.
“If it becomes relevant to the investigation, I’ll say something, okay? I just really don’t want to fuck with things. Things are…”
Dean sits back in his chair. He wasn’t expecting the hostility to emerge so immediately. He considers the man across from him. His mind lingers on the word ‘man’ for a second too long. This isn’t going to be fun.
Dean’s head snaps up from staring between his knees at the floor. He looks at Cas strangely, watches him smirk.
to stay and work with me on this. And you have to remember that you don’t have a free pass anymore. You’ve used all the ‘Get Out Of Jail Free’ cards you’re gonna get.”
A few days after the initial angel exodus, Garth had called. Despite how long he’d been MIA, he opened the conversation, not with a “hello,” or an “I’m alive,” but with an earsplitting cry of “IDJITS!” Dean didn’t even bother asking how Garth knew
Cas is across from Dean now, poised on his bare feet, his eyes alight again. The wooden knife in his hand twirls as if by its own volition and Dean’s palms sweat. His own knife feels like it might slide out of his grip at any second.
Kevin eagerly scoops up the remaining bottles and follows Charlie out of the control room. Then it’s just the three of them. Team Free Will together again. It’s been a long time since Dean christened them that. It’s been a long time since free will was their biggest problem. Sam drums his fingers against the tabletop and Cas continues making the same vacant expression. Silence fills the room. They hear the faint sounds of laughter and dishes being done. It’s an incredibly familiar ambience now. It sparks Dean’s recall of so many moth-eaten memories: his mother at the sink, humming
“I’m sorry about that,” he says, taking a few steps to bend and retrieve the mostly-intact stem of the wine glass. “I’ll clean it up.”
“Can’t let it get too crazy. Cas’ll break out the Twister board. Haha! Ha.” The silence continues and everyone stares at Dean. “Ahem – Ah – Isn’t that right Cas?”
“Yeah, you really seem to be struggling here Cas,” Dean grumbles, bitter under the weight of his friend’s torso. Cas smirks, inching his knife closer to Dean’s throat with each passing moment.
Dean makes it to the Impala before sunset and almost kisses his baby hello. Instead, he yanks open the passenger door and slides into the driver's seat. His breath comes in huffs and pants. He unlocks his phone -- five missed calls from Sam, a couple voicemails too, and a single text from Cas. Not wanting to stay near the house any longer than he has to, Dean starts the car and does a U-turn back onto the highway. He speeds out away, cradling his phone in the crook of his neck to return Sammy's calls.
Though they no longer share a telepathic link, the angels have found other ways to network. They’re on the lookout. They want revenge. Namely, Cas’s head on a silver platter. Crowley makes their list as well, but he’s essentially harmless. The angels almost seem to pity him. They haven’t thought to try and find him yet. That’s why he volunteers to run the errands. It’s why Dean, with horror in his heart, relinquishes the keys to his beloved mechanical baby once a week. It’s the safest course of action. The angels don’t know Crowley’s stuck around with the Winchesters. They have no clue that the link to Cas is right in front of them. So Crowley is the one who makes a trip to buy Cas and himself new clothes. He’s the one to pick up bananas for Sam and pie for Dean. His immediate satisfaction with domesticity has more to do with deep-seated guilt than anything else, but no one’s had much time for psychoanalyzing as of late.
Supernatural is not my brainchild and I don't own any of the characters depicted below. Like the proverbial boy on the ant hill, I just like to watch through my magnifying glass as they squirm and beg me to leave them alone. *ahem*
Dean ends the call and turns his attention to Cas who looks, despite his established age, like a sullen teenager.
before. Laundry is more difficult with five sets of clothes to sort through instead of just two. Mix-ups have been known to happen. So Dean isn’t sure why Cas wearing one of his shirts hits him in the gut. He’s equally unsure why the guy’s damp post-shower hair hits him in the same place. It sticks up in all directions. When Cas reaches up a hand to idly smooth the back of his neck, the borrowed t-shirt rides up a little. Dean glimpses a line of pale flesh above Cas’s beltline before snapping his head back to his plate.
