"Did they tell you they would be coming back? Or that you'd see them again?"
Dogs were one of the few things that never failed to soften Sherlock, and even in this situation that was still the case.  He knelt down to pet the little ball of fluff.
"Very much so.  Now, how long have you lived in London?"
“Not very long.  A few minutes,” she whispered.
The last stuck with him the most. It was almost like Sherlock had been trying to tell him something. After Mycroft's story it made a lot more sense. Even then, it sounded like there was another story to it. That he wouldn't be rude to Moira? Possibly. He seemed so calm when he talked to her. John wasn't sure he could have remained neutral when she told the "Are you a boy or a girl?" story. Even now it made him shudder. Had Sherlock been on the receiving end of such a conversation? He realized that if his abuser had really started doing so when Mycroft left for school, and only stopped after the bee incident, that meant he'd been subjected to ten years of abuse. Was there really enough loyalty there that Sherlock would never name this person, whoever he may be? Was that why Phillip Rodgers struck him so much? Could he see himself as Phillip and the abuser as the mysterious K?
"Help," Martin could only come up with.
The plus of thinking about all this was that it made the train ride fly by, and before he knew it they were at their station and Sherlock was marching off to wherever he was going.  He didn't hail a cab; he just walked down one of the side roads purposefully.  John trailed him at a distance.  This area was not quite suburban or rural but rather something in between.  The size of the houses in the area indicated this was a wealthy district.  He texted Lestrade as he walked, telling him what he could figure out of his surroundings.
"But you're still sure you could identify who it was?"
“I met Jennifer's mother, Debra Bena, almost eight years ago.  At a particularly low class club, I'm sorry to say. I was a foolish person then, not concerned with much but having a good time and doing the easiest work possible.  She was a good dancer, liked to drink, and had lovely long brown hair.  All of that was enough to intrigue me, and we both wanted the same things.  So our good times became shared ones. I don't think either of us took our relationship very seriously until Debra got pregnant.  Not a birth control failure, as we took no precautions in the first place.  She said she wanted us to raise the child together, and I agreed with her.  I don't know if either of you have children, but you're both aware that a child changes a person, for better or for worse.”  He looked down at his daughter's picture.  “So I decided I should get my act together.  Stopped all the clubbing, found a better job.  Debra had a difficult pregnancy and had to spend most of it on bed rest.  But when Jennifer was born all seemed well. Debra wanted to stay at home with Jennifer and I agreed to that.  Looking at it now I think she had post-partum depression, but I didn't see it at the time.  She wasn't taking care of Jennifer, just staying in bed.  When she was three it got to the point where I didn't feel safe leaving her with her mother, so I left and filed for custody.  Debra filed in response and we each had her alternating weeks. I think she started using drugs before I left, but I know she was using them a few weeks after I left.  She used crack mostly, and MDMA.  According to her she kept it from Jennifer, and I think that was mostly true.”
"Of course he can," Sherlock softly replied.
"He came to see her at work?"  John wondered how little supervision a four year old child would have to be able to do something like that again and again.
"No."
"But she's eating, right?  Not just pretending to?" Mari pressed.
"No objection," Harvey said.
“I don’t want to do anything you don’t want to do.  That you want to under the influence of substances,” John clarified.
"The last time you came here while you were still high?"  John thought unpleasantly back to the events of last Saturday.  Sherlock merely nodded in response.  "Well,  it's safer if you come back here.  Lock yourself in your room if you want."
“It was your friend who got your little bee burned, you know.  I know he was putting ideas in your head.  Your mummy told me all about it.”  She once again reached out to touch Sherlock's chin, tracing it with her finger.  While he started to shake even more, he made no effort to move.  “She was upset about how ungrateful you were to me, how you'd come over and refused to leave so many times and she had to make sure you were behaving yourself.  I was kind about that, remember?  I said you weren't any trouble, but we both know that's not true.” Dr. Martin looked like she was in the depths of fond memories.  “Remember the games we used to play?  You missed your big brother, how he'd pick you up and whirl you around.  I'd always whirl you around, though.  Round and round. Round and round the garden like a teddy bear...”
"Because he said he'd choose her over me." John's words hung in the air.
"People left the courtroom when she was on the stand," John said.  He hadn't planned to talk about the details of the trial beyond what was already in the papers, but Mrs. Hudson seemed to be an exception.
It took Sherlock a few minutes to parse what he meant.  “You mean a panic disorder.”
"My daddy."  She smiled.
A case like this has no chases or dramatics. Just pain. But you see small bursts of strength in it. Two of the victims found in each other the exact same thoughts and feelings and are now friends. Family going the extra mile to help. Former co-workers willing to say they did think something was odd and if they didn't say anything then, they will now. Old friends willing to do anything to help the prosecution make things right.
For the next few hours it didn't feel like he had control of himself. It was more like Sherlock was some passive observer to someone who looked like him buying cocaine, taking it to a drug den, and shooting it up. And once all that was done he just drifted off in a haze.
"The flute. How did you –"
"Yes, it is," John calmly replied.  "I'm your friend.  When you're in pain, I'm in pain."
"Where is he?"
Sherlock finally removed his arm from his eyes, and half-sat up.  "That's... kind of you."
"Yes, I do.  Edwin was the one who told me about Sherlock.  He said: 'That boy was using drugs because they killed the pain,' and while he never said what the pain was I could figure it out.  Even then he never went out with anyone, never made any friends, kept everything to himself.  None of that would bother me, but he didn't seem happy with that.  Just not able to reach for it."  Mrs. Hudson looked up at the ceiling.  "I think I just heard someone come down the stairs.  One more thing, John.  I know you're willing to help Sherlock fight those demons.  Just make sure he does what he feels comfortable with, not what he's willing to do for you."
"Do you know where this person lives?"
Although he probably hadn’t intended it, the man had brought up a good point.  Apparently he was in a most literal body-swap situation – whatever the other man had brought to the table was gone.  It was something to investigate, at least.
“Yeah, I do.”
Dr. Arthur had the grace to blush as he said:  "No, I'm sorry, that didn't occur to me.  It was hard to tell if he was truly out of sorts or just had poor English skills."  He sounded dismissive, and John figured he could add "prejudiced" to his mental list of traits of Dr. Arthur.
"Yes."  John couldn't help but feel surprised at that; he knew that Sherlock only outwardly pretended to hate his brother, but for him to admit that he cared about how Mycroft saw him was another thing entirely.
"Are you sure they're not going to arrest me?"  He quickly glanced at Sherlock before looking down into his lap again.
"Two ten year olds and a six and a half year old?  Not in years."
"Yes."  John knew it was pointless to lie about it.  "Do you think we should talk to Mrs. Forrester?"  The more Sherlock was focused on the case, the better.
She paled.  "What if She decides to get up and to go after me?"  Her voice quivered.
"You're doing really well," Tammy added. She tossed a lock of long blond hair behind the chair. "You've stopped glowering at all of us."
"Blackmail?"
“I thought if I was the only one it’d be okay.  Like, if it was happening to them it’d be bad but it was different if it was me.  It wasn’t all bad, really, but it felt dirty.  I didn’t want them to feel like that.”  Graham visibly swallowed.  He looked anguished.  “Sometimes when I wouldn’t do something fast enough or I looked like I didn’t want to do it She’d ask me if one of my brothers might be more willing.  Of course I’d promise to try harder.  But once She said I hadn’t done enough.  Said that if I didn’t want to go to a new carer I’d have to do something for Her.  And I didn’t want that.  Nothing that She wanted me to do would be as bad as not being with Dominic and Martin.  They’re my best friends. So I said yes, I’d do whatever it was.  Then She told me the plan.  It was…”  His voice trailed off, and he took several deep breaths before speaking again.  “A few days later I did it.  I brought Martin up to Her room and said we were going to watch football.  We did watch it for a bit and then Martin asked me if I’d seen that magazine I saw before.  I was supposed to show it to him but I couldn’t figure out how to so I was glad he asked.  We both looked at it and near the end there was this one picture where a man and a woman were both.  Um.  Sucking on each other.”  Graham’s face was now a steadily deepening shade of red.  “I said what I was supposed to, which was that I wondered how it felt.  I already knew how it did but I couldn’t tell Martin that.  Martin said he thought people must like it because in the magazine there were a lot of pictures with it, even though that was the only one with both at the same time.”  Another pause.  Graham next spoke so rapidly it took a second before John realized what he had said.  “And-then-we-kept-talking-and-I-said-I-could-try-to-show-him-how-it-felt-and-then-I-put-my-mouth-on-him-and-when-I-was-done-I-said-it-was-my-turn-and-he-put-his-mouth-on-me-and-then-when-he-was-doing-it-something-actually-came-out-and-then-I-left-the-room-and-hoped-he-wouldn’t-hate-me-forever-because-I’d-done-it-the-way-She-said-and-I-love-him-so-much-even-if-he-did-hate-me-because-I-was-a-disgusting-pervert-he’s-my-little-brother-and-I’d-do-anything-to-keep-him-safe.”  This appeared to be the final straw for Graham; he buried his face in his hands and sobbed uncontrollably.
"Did you notice anything that seems unusual now?"
"Is something wrong?" the man said. He was a little shorter than Martin usually was, with dark blond hair and lines under his eyes.
"She never said anything about anyone else."
"Did Jennifer ever mention the abuse to you?" Susan asked.
"Thank you," John said as he took the paper, folded it, and put it into his pocket.  "You've been a great help."
"Are you sure it's not just some other teenager in the neighborhood?" John dared to ask. He didn't think that was the case, but once again he reminded himself not to assume.
Sherlock wasn't back in the morning.  John got up, showered, and made coffee, all in silence.  He even looked in Sherlock's room to see if Hamish was there; he wouldn't have left the bee for good any more than he would his violin.  Thankfully, the bee sat on the bed.
"Even though no one was ever there, did you ever see anything that indicated someone lived there?"
"When was the last time you were?"
"What did she say?"
"I wouldn't because chocolate's bad for dogs. But do you want some?" More rustling papers.
"Yes, I told you that. Is there something about that you want to ask me?"
Sherlock sounded like he didn't quite believe that. Once again, of course he thinks that, thanks to the wonder of emotional reasoning.
"Fine, thank you," he politely responded.  Despite his obvious impairment, the cerebral palsy didn't appear to have affected his voice at all.
"I don't know," Phillip said slowly.
"That was ten years ago, you say.  Did he stay that vigilant the whole time?" Sherlock asked.
"Because she told me you propositioned her."
"When your daughter was back in your custody, did you ask her anything about what she'd said?"
"Yeah."
John goes to the group again.
"Why they were taken from their parents?" she asked.
"Not just that.  I want to know what my father did in India.  I want to know what made him so paranoid.  Just that information won't solve anything without knowing the answers to both those questions."
John half-expected Sherlock to fall into one of his silent sulks, but to his surprise he responded with: "Why do you say that?"
"Was there a name on it?"
"Dr. Arthur," he said to himself.  Sherlock and Lestrade both turned to him.  "Sarah mentioned him to me not too long ago.  He was in the clinic asking for references of some sort.  Since he's apparently in the area, someone could talk to him as well."  He carefully left out the part where Sarah had mentioned horror stories about the man.
"That makes sense," Jason said after a period of silence.
"Hello," Lou said.
"Well, you're not.  I don't care how many times she told you that was the case, it's not true.  You care about Phillip.  You care about Moira.  You care about me.  And you're certainly not some sort of sexual fiend.  Even if you were, it wouldn't make a difference.  She. Was. Lying.  She told you that because if you didn't think you were the one in the wrong, if you even got the impression what she was doing was wrong, you'd still stay silent.  Hell, none of the people who've talked about her said anything until you talked to them.  That's a form of empathy."  John had no idea if any of this was getting through, but he knew he had to try anyway.
"Not -" He cut himself off.
He didn't feel as anxious as he had before, and he wondered if that was because he didn't know any of the people testifying that day.  Oh, he'd met Mr. Ogbeide before, but he didn't really know him or Jennifer the same way he'd gotten to know Phillip and Moira.  In a way, it was a relief; he didn't have the same sort of heart-wrenching feelings their testimony had invoked.  On the other hand, John had no idea what would come out in court that day.  He thought to himself that that made him one of the buffalo, and had to suppress the laughing fit that came up.
"Nerves."  He didn't want to say the words "panic attack."  There had to be something he could do.  He suddenly thought of the laptop he'd been using before.  "Is it all right if I use your laptop for a while?"
"No."
Harvey looked surprised, as if she couldn't tell what Phillip had said would help her client or not.  "Did you tell him what it was like?"
“It’s good to see you again Moira, even if it’s so late.”  Sherlock said in response before heading over to the window.  The cut screen waved in the cold night air, a strangely menacing sight.  “This was cut from the inside,” he said after examining the window for a minute.  “It was cut some time ago.”  Mr. Aherne’s eyes widened and Moira turned her gaze to her feet.  Sherlock turned from the window and crouched so he was at eye level with the people on the bed.  “Did K come to visit you tonight?”  He spoke softly rather than in his matter-of-fact deduction tone.
"He's my flatmate," John replied, uncertain how to answer the question.
"Did you ever talk to her about what she was saying to the police?" said Lou.
"If it gets to be that long we'll find a way to deal with it." John sincerely hoped it would not be that long.
"Is your fiancé nervous about testifying?" Jason asked.
"Almost.  Not my toes."
"What were they?"
"You said before that she never said what she wanted to spend time with your daughter for."
"You didn't eat any of those sausages, did you?"  The look on her face became even stranger.
"So you were friends from that point on?"
"Will I be able to speak with him?" Sherlock grabbed the picture from John's hands and looked down at it. "I want to speak to as many of the victims as I can."
"Somewhat."  Mr. Ogbeide looked away for a second, then fixed his eyes on Lou.  "A few weeks later..." He proceeded to tell the story he'd told Sherlock and John about the encounter with the dealer.  A few people in the audience gasped, but John couldn't hear anyone crying or getting up to leave.  It was almost understandable, since five days into the trial there had been a lot of disturbing testimony.
"Did she explain why she was doing that?" Lou had lost his earlier uneasy look and seemed more matter-of-fact.
"Six months sober! We're going out to eat tonight. Her choice."
The courtroom was so silent John could hear Phillip breathing into the microphone.  "Tell me about how it changed," Lou prompted.
"Both better and worse."
"Once the police had ruled there was no evidence Mr. Ogbeide had been abusing his daughter, he began to get longer visits.  Mrs. Bena was arrested in January so her visits stopped after that.  He came to our house for visits near the end, and he was always kind to his daughter.  It was obvious she meant the world to him.  She went back to live with him in May, they moved to Manchester, and we still hear from them on occasion."
Clark looked somewhat stunned at the fact she was yelling and said simply: "No further questions."
Sherlock and John visit the flat and talk to Dr. Arthur.
"Yeah.  Kieran's half an hour younger and Dierdre's almost seven."
"Is he testifying?" said Mari.
They fell into silence for another fifteen minutes, until someone knocked on the door.  Sherlock flung himself off the sofa to get the door.  "I expected you," he said as soon as he opened it.  His body blocked the door from view, but John was almost certain who it was and was not surprised when Phillip and his father filed in.
The flight back to England was reasonably uneventful. Every ten minutes or so, the man who had brought in the coffee would appear in the cockpit, look Sherlock up and down, and leave without a word. He only broke the pattern on the last visit. "Where's your hat?" It took several seconds before Sherlock realized the man was talking to him.
"No."
"We won't be here long," Susan said.  "I don't want to take up too much of your weekend.  Just wanted to go over a few things."  She looked over at Sherlock, who looked warily back.  "When you met the accused, you were..."
Just then, the door opened and the man from this morning came in, followed by the man who had mentioned the ice cream the day before.  “Arthur, I’m taking you back home.  Come on, Carolyn doesn’t want to wait.”
"What has she said?"
"Working in a creche, believe it or not. He's loved taking care of our son."
The next thing he knew he was being pushed out of bed.  He quickly got to his feet and looked down at Sherlock, who seemed awake but was clearly not seeing what was going on around him.  Before John could do anything else, Sherlock started to scream.
"I can figure out things they can't."  It was a very modest version of what Sherlock really did, but Harvey narrowed her eyes as she looked at him.
"Okay. We're going to stop now, because this is hard for you. But next time I will ask you some more questions. Is that all right?"
"No. It hurts me to see you in this much pain, but I'm not angry with you." Much, John silently thought. From the look on Sherlock's face he wasn't sure if it had registered, but he got up and went to the kitchen anyway. He felt far too exhausted to make anything more than tea and toast, and even that seemed a great effort. "Eat at least one slice," John ordered Sherlock when he returned with the food. Sherlock made a face but did slowly eat one slice.
Lou proceeded to show the photograph to the jury, and the process was repeated.  Unlike with Mr. Aherne the day before, there were at least fifteen of them, and by the end the jury looked stunned.  Once that was done, Lou smiled and went for the kill.  “Is the woman who you say hurt you in this court today?”
"Not to her, no.  She did give me a few names if I wanted to talk to someone else."  John paused before adding:  "I'm not going to make you go see anyone.  I know you wouldn't talk anyway.  This is just for me."
John couldn't help but laugh at her response.  "What other liquids are you using?"
"Were you just bringing up Dr. Arthur as an excuse to talk about this?" John replied.
"I'd give up any rights I could have if I could have spared him all this."
"But you didn't go to the police?"
"What did you tell them?"
"Did he even know who she was?"
"What's in your hand?" Sherlock said.
“Yeah,” Phillip said.
"Music?"
"Like with very disturbed children?  No.  We've taken some tough cases but we don't routinely do that."
"Who's Thomas Davidson?" John asked, reading the name of Victim Ten.
In retrospect, it should have been very obvious.  The whole bottle of wine was gone by the time they paid for their meals and left, and John had only had one glass.  But the normally welcoming atmosphere of the restaurant had become cloaked with silence and all he could think about was being at home again.  He would later think that in his own defense, Sherlock didn't seem drunk.  He walked with the same loping strides he always used, and when he said, "Let's go," when John asked if he was ready to leave, his voice was the same as always.  Even on the walk home nothing seemed amiss, so John couldn't have been more surprised when they were back at 221B.  For as soon at the door was shut and locked, Sherlock pushed him up against the nearest wall and kissed him.
Sherlock, if he had been by himself, would have probably just barged into the room without knocking. Luckily, since John was there, he got to the door seconds before him and pointedly knocked twice. "Come in," he heard Mr. Aherne say. He opened the door and he and Sherlock stepped in. The room seemed a great deal cheerier today – partially due to the smell of fish and chips that still lingered from what John assumed had been the meal Mr. Aherne had brought in, and partially because Mr. Aherne himself was sitting in a chair by his daughter's bedside, reading a book to his children. Dierdre and Kieran were sitting in the two remaining chairs.
"No.  But She must have known I was looking.  She knelt down and asked me to help Her with the buttons.  She wasn't wearing a bra either, so when I did them up I touched Her breasts.  Once I did that She grabbed my wrist and said that I had to ask before doing something like that."
"I suppose so."  He still seemed visibly angry.  "Is there anything else you want to tell me?"
As everyone filed out, John hoped that the break would do poor Phillip some good.  He wandered down to the courthouse cafeteria for the first time.  After a look at whatever was being served that day, he made do with a few biscuits and a cup of coffee.  He ate sitting by himself in the mostly deserted cafeteria.  While he knew the jurors ate elsewhere, he had expected to see a few of the reporters or buffalo.  Then again, considering what he'd just seen, maybe they knew better than to risk whatever the cafeteria dished up.
"I'll be there in a second." He lifted himself up from his chair and glanced briefly at the bed before leaving the room. "I suppose you want to take a statement," he said when the door was closed.
Sherlock stood up, holding the bee in his arms.  He blinked.  "It's fine.  Thank you, Moira."
"Sherlock," was all he said, but it brought him back to reality and his eyes lost the glassy look.  Sherlock got up and went upstairs, returning in a few minutes with both Hamish and his laptop.  He sat down at the table, Hamish on one side and the laptop in front of him, but he didn't look to be doing anything in particular.  John changed the station to one playing a football game, even though the news had already gone off the air.
Any idea that this was going to be a normal day at work, or at least as normal as one of John's days ever got, was shattered when Sarah approached him before he even took his jacket off.  She looked stunned, the sort of look you saw when some patient came in with a rare and quickly fatal disease.  "That Yarder, Lestrade, he was here just before you got in," she informed him.  "He was..." Whatever she was about to say bothered her so much she went silent.
"Is that the passenger that had you in hysterics?"
"That'd be great, thanks."  She hustled him into her kitchen and put on the kettle.  John sat down in the nearest chair, suddenly feeling exhausted.  "I suppose this means she's not going to get life."
“How was your day?” While Sherlock couldn’t imagine himself making conversation with a stranger in any other situation, especially not asking about his day, the resigned silence seemed worse.
"You have nothing to make up.  She's the one who got tired of you."  When Sherlock didn't reply he added "There wasn't a way she'd take you back."
"Then who's everyone here for?" As soon as he said it John knew it sounded idiotic, but there was no way to take it back.
John decided it was best to change the subject now.  "I'll be leaving around eleven-thirty."
"All right."  He still felt the need to add: "But if you do want to bring it up again I'll be willing to listen."
As soon as John finished his sentence Dr. Dodson came into the room. He sat down off to the side of the circle of chairs. He always tried to let the group conduct itself as much as possible, and mostly asked for specific information or would give them an impromptu psychiatric lesson if no one felt particularly chatty.
"The court will adjourn for five minutes," the judge said once the conversation finished.  One usher led the jury out while several others led the audience to the doors.  John went with the rest of them and they got herded back into the court five minutes later.  Moira looked like she had been crying, but seemed composed enough now.
"Should I knock?" John asked.
"How wise of Carolyn.  I believe I'll refrain from them myself."  Carolyn, Douglas, Arthur, and his body was named Martin.  That little bit of information would make things easier.
"Can you point to her?"  Mrs. Bena pointed directly at K in the dock.
Sherlock reached out one shaking hand and reached for the sugar spoon.  He placed sugar in the mug (some of it winding up on the floor and table) and brought the mug up for a sip.  Without thinking, John reached out his hand and was about to put it on Sherlock's shoulder, but he suddenly flinched and John withdrew.  "I'm not going to hate you for anything you tell me," John said.
Neither spoke for several minutes after that, and the silence hung in the air like the smell of the formaldehyde. Sherlock was the one who broke the silence, surprisingly enough, saying, "People always assume."
"Colored pencils. Ordinary ones occasionally. I like those best to draw because you can use your finger to make the shading look better." There was a moment of silence. "You have calluses on this hand. Do you play the violin?"
"I know that you must have a lot of feelings for that person. You might even love them. That doesn't make it any less of a crime." Phillip didn't respond, but he gave a muffled half-sob. "I understand how you feel."
"We were at the supermarket and we saw Her there."
"If you want to tell me, I'll listen," John said.
"No, I don't think so."
"I know you do," Mr. Rodgers said.  "I think we should go back home."
"I don't know," she whispered.
Since everyone else had already left, there was no crowd waiting for cabs, and in a few minutes he was back on his way home again.  As John ascended the stairs to their flat he smelled a faint bleach odor.  He hoped it meant that Sherlock had felt well enough to try some sort of experiment.  The very thought that an experiment was now a good sign made him laugh.  He opened the door and walked in.  Sherlock sat curled up in his chair, Hamish in his lap, watching the news.  The announcer was saying something about strife in the EU; the trial wasn't mentioned.
"It's fine.  I just got a message from one of the solicitors for the prosecution.  He said to watch the news this evening for their statement."  He sat down in the nearest chair and Mrs. Hudson placed a mug of tea in front of him.
"Almost a year and a half ago," Mr. Aherne replied in a strangely flat tone.
"Well, as I said before, his brother got a job. He's still clean too."
"No people at all?"
She stood up, and started to put out her hand with the drive, but stopped.  "It might put you in danger."
“Yeah.  It was a receipt from a supermarket, and it was one of those with those savings cards. Her name and address was on it.  I knew Her name but not where She lived.”  He went on to tell the same story he’d told Sherlock about remembering Jennifer and wanting her to be safe.  “I knew he was looking for a place to find Her and if I gave it to him he’d help.”
"Hello, Mrs. Murray," Susan began.
"Any musician who plays a brass or woodwind instrument will have a particular lip configuration and discoloration of the teeth. That pattern is narrowed in the woodwinds, due to the fact there is less space."
John told himself that the police might come at any time, and he had to keep her talking.  He was fairly certain that K didn't know Sherlock's job and had no idea she was in any danger.  “You met him when he was four years old.  Four.  Years.  Old.  That's still toddler age, when he was probably taking naps to make it past supper every evening.  Was Phillip 'good' before then because he never struggled?”  He was still looking in her eyes, and disturbingly she made no effort to break the line of contact.  In fact, she seemed almost proud of how disturbed John was.
"Your sister said that was the one," Lestrade said carefully.
"I see." He crossed his arms over his chest. As he leaned backward in the chair, Mr. Aherne poked his head in the room.
"I'm fine with it either way.  What do you want?"
"What happened after that?"
“I wasn't trying to do anything.  He'd been begging for it before, just like you used to, and he suddenly changed his mind.  I took hold of his arm so he wouldn't try to leave and he pulled away.  I pulled him back and...”  She made a vague gesture with her hand, like it was something that couldn't be helped.  “He heard it snap and he went right off to the clinic.  He knew that place very well.”  That sinister smile remained on her face.  “His mother was always asking if he was behaving himself, just like yours.  Of course he was.  He's a sad little boy but he's usually a good boy.”
"What did you get your bee taken away for?" She sounded curious and somewhat horrified, like she couldn't imagine the crime that would involve such a severe punishment.
Anyone who knows the book Mr. Aherne is reading to his kids gets brownie points.
"Yes!  She told me that story about the airline that used to sell seats in the bathroom.  You have to admit that was funny."  He began to giggle at the memory.
"What sort of friends did you make?"
"No."
"What do they say to you?"
Just like Sherlock to not admit to something like that.  “Whatever it was, you seemed pretty upset.”  He deliberately didn’t mention what he had said in the throes of the nightmare.
"No one did, though.  I don't think She was trying to break my arm, just hold it behind me so I'd get back on the bed."  Phillip's voice broke halfway through the sentence and he squeaked out the rest of it.  John expected the person who had laughed before to react, but there was no laughter, just silence.
"What if it's when you're dreaming?"  Sherlock visibly shuddered when Phillip asked that, even removing his hand from his shoulder.
"Do you think her husband was a spy too?"
"I'll go back home now," Phillip said.  He stood, put his flute away in its case, and headed for the door.
"I was thinking this week that he was a lot more comfortable with touching me before we got into whatever our relationship is now."
The meeting was just about to begin when Tammy dashed through the door. "Just in time," she gasped out as she sat, her long blond hair sweeping off to one side.
They sat in silence while Sherlock slowly finished the ice cream.  As soon as he was done, he said, "Shower," and walked back up the stairs.  For some reason he'd left Hamish sitting on the sofa, and John picked up the bee when he headed back upstairs.  He set him down by the bed and remade it with new sheets.  Once he was done, he sat and listened to the shower running.
"Not then.  I took a sip and she said something about a park nearby that I might want to see.  I wanted to sit down somewhere, so I followed her.  We got there and I sat on a bench and drank my Coke.  She sat down next to me and just talked for a bit.  I didn't really understand most of what she was saying."
"Nothing.  I liked talking to Her so I didn't want to say anything even though it felt weird.  After a little bit of that I told Her I needed to go home.  Then She said that She didn't even know my name."  As soon as she said that, she looked down, like she was being scolded.  Brownie migrated from under one arm to clutched protectively to her chest.
John didn't question the need to have extra support for Mr. Aherne or that Sherlock would apparently be talking to Phillip alone. Phillip was staring at the floor. He had made no indication that he was paying attention to the previous conversation and looked rather like he would not be there at all. He couldn't think of something consoling to say to the boy and was relieved when Sherlock spoke up. "You've had your cast off for what is it, two weeks now? I hope you've gotten some strength back in it now."
"Did you bring any money?" John asked.
"Thanks," he told Lou, and walked into the courtroom.  Just like yesterday the buffalo had already made themselves comfortable in their row.  No members of the media appeared to have arrived yet.  The buffalo ignored him as he sat down in the same place as yesterday and made short work of the sandwich.  When he got up to throw away the wrapper, the media had started to trickle in.  Knowing the routine made everything seem easier, and John found he could stay calm even when K and her solicitors came in and escorted her to the dock.  The crowd that had assembled in the court seemed calmer than they had been the previous day.  Lou and Susan quietly made their way in moments before the cry of, "Court rise!"
Three conversations.
John then laid a hand on his shoulder.  "No, you're not." There was an awkward silence.
"Yeah, and a sister."
"There's still some risotto."
"You must be Dr. Watson.  This is Dr. Ronald Arthur, and I was informed by your co-worker that you wanted to speak to me on an official police matter?"  Dr. Arthur's words were polite but the tone he used indicated he resented whatever John wanted to ask before he did so.  He sounded like the sort of physician who thought their medical degree made them superior to the rest of mankind.
"You wanted things she did not?"
"You'll need to take that stuff off so it can be put in the wash."  John gave Hamish a look and was relieved to see the bee was clean.  "If you want me to leave for that I will."
“I usually am when I'm right.”  He stared directly into her eyes.
"Did you talk to your parents about what had happened?"
"What sort of training have you been given in regards to the children you take in?"
"You obtained drug money that way?"
"Noon."
"Did you ever get angry with her about a perceived lack of physical affection?"  Harvey was clearly going somewhere, but it was hard to tell where.
"And you told him that you weren't going to, correct?" John guessed.
"When did she next speak to that man?"
"But obviously something did." There was no mistaking it; he now sounded distinctly angry.
"Didn't you tell us the friend walked in on something once? At home?" Eli said.
He was so lost in his deductions that he didn't hear the first command.  "Martin, I told you to do the walk around." Carolyn looked at him strangely.
"Very good, thank you. And you're the first person to not say I didn't get a tan."
"Is there any reason to think it isn't empty?"  Whatever effect the drugs were having on Sherlock seemed to be muted by the case; if John hadn't known he was on something beforehand, he didn't think he would have noticed anything wrong.
"Yeah I did."
"Do you think you could recognize that woman today?"
"I see," Lou said.  "How did your parents feel about him?"
at the end of the sentence.
"No, for a lot of reasons.  All the officers they sent in to talk to her were women.  The one time they did send a man in to talk to her, he was a doctor, which wasn't any better."
"Phillip needs someone to love him."
"You like sex." Sherlock still looked away from him.
"They said it wasn't that they didn't trust me so much as they didn't know who had abused her at this point.  It could have been someone I knew," Mr. Ogebide replied.
"No. I have to shut my eyes when I get in the car. We drive around a lot."
"Do you want some more cocoa?"  John said in an effort to clean the air.
Gloria followed Dr. Dodson into the next room, where six other people sat in a circle of ten chairs. "Gloria's brought a new person today," Dr. Dodson said as he sat down in a chair off to the side of the circle.
"No." His voice was almost a whisper.
Lou nodded.  "Did it occur to you to just ask him?"
"Good."
“I could always tell them you helped at the clinic with the little ones.  Weren't you my best helper?” Dr. Martin looked pointedly at John.
“Then Barbara will see you out.”  Mycroft’s assistant appeared like she had been summoned.  She lead John out of the room, downstairs, and into a waiting cab.
"My name's John Watson.  I know you've been speaking to Sherlock Holmes.  Perhaps he mentioned me?"
Lou greeted her in a cheery tone.  "Good morning, Moira."
Mr. Aherne shook his head.  "They said it might jeopardize the investigation, and if she brought it up herself we could talk but otherwise not to press the issue."
"No."
"Can I have a biscuit, Dad?" Dierdre asked as they came into the front room. A pile of trainers and a football were sitting by the door as well as a dog leash. The whole place had the cozy familiarity that most homes with children have.
“There was also a man in town, Mr. B, who was retired and enjoyed chemical experiments.  Unlike with Mr. A, I knew he had interacted with Sherlock on a few occasions.  Sherlock had seen him carrying some chemicals home and recognized what they were from their periodic abbreviations on the container.  He was impressed and from then on called him ‘Little Einstein’ if they met on the street. He was married, childless, and left the area because of his wife’s poor health.  I could not find any evidence that Sherlock had gone to his house or even knew where it was, but I still remained suspicious of him.”  He paused, looked at the floor, and began again.  “Now, Mr. C was middle-aged and also childless.  He lived two streets away from us.  Right before I came home, he and his wife moved to Australia.  It was so sudden that they had not sold their house and had left it mostly furnished.  I found this suspicious in the extreme, and later discovered he had gotten an inheritance from a distant relative and it had been his wife’s lifelong dream to move to Australia.  They moved then to secure a job opportunity for her that was only available for a limited time.”
“And that boy had something to do with that?”
He half-hoped Sherlock wouldn't be there when he got back, and half-hoped he would.  Delaying talking to him wouldn't solve anything, but he wasn't sure if he was up for it.  This all vanished in a puff of smoke as he walked in the door and found Sherlock sitting on the sofa.  He had wrapped himself in that blue dressing gown of his, the sides enveloping his body as tightly as possible, and Hamish sat next to him.  When John shut the door, he turned his head and said, "You're home."
"Do you want us down there then?" John forced himself to only think about this as a case right now, and not as a personal attack on someone he cared about.  At some point he was going to allow himself to get good and angry, but that could wait.
"How did you all get here?" John asked.
"I'll just head down there, then," John said.  "It's the one you were looking in before, right?"
"Yeah."
John must have fallen asleep eventually, because when he opened his eyes the sun was up and had clearly been so for some time.  He almost didn't want to go downstairs.  Yesterday had been so dramatic that they would both be feeling the effects of it.  And of course today Moira was going to have to identify K from a lineup.  He knew that he couldn't avoid any of this, so he showered, got dressed, and headed downstairs.
Figuring that the sooner this was done the better, John stepped into the girl's room, glad they had at least mentioned her name. The girl in the room was sitting on the bed, one hand holding a book open on the bed, the other clutching a ragged teddy bear that looked far older than she was. She was heavyset, with lighter hair than her father, more a strawberry blond color, but when she looked up at him her eyes were an identical green. She regarded him with obvious suspicion, but no fear that he could see.
"Four."
"Of course.  Cocaine destroys the nasal passage. Takes away your sense of smell.  And it damages the cartilage."  He looked at John as if it were obvious.  Before John could say anything, he reached for the remote and turned on the news.
"Well, I'm doing that now."  He sounded sulky, but at least was not silent.
"Why not?"  John rarely drank to excess, but after all that had happened over the past few weeks getting drunk almost sounded appealing.
"The one you always wear! The one with the ear flaps and the plaid! Oh, do you have your pipe?"
"Good for him. Jason?"
Once they had finally got a solid lead that could lead them to K, like the flat and the checks, John was sure that the case would be wrapped up soon, or at least move quickly.  So little happened between that day and the Friday they met Michael Ogbeide that it was like nothing had developed at all.  Lestrade had only spoken to them once more, saying that if K was found and it came to that he could at least be taken in on fraud charges for renting the flat under false identification.
"It wouldn't make much of a difference even if you did, because you still wouldn't know what anyone did on this end."
"I spent an hour trying to get a word out of that Aherne girl. An hour. I didn't even ask her any questions about why she was there, and still all I got was a few mumbled 'Yes' or 'No" answers. Wouldn't even look me in the eye. All you did was chat a bit and she spills her guts to you. If John couldn't even get her to say something, I would have assumed she'd have sent him" (here she gestured to Sherlock) "out of the room and cried for her dad. You're so hard-nosed most of the time. What happened?"
"How does that work?" John dared to ask.
"Why?"
"If it was really going on for years it's going to take a much longer time to deal with it, especially since you said that he's never talked about it before," Mari broke in.
Clark flushed.  "So you can't identify the defendant as whomever abused her?"
"That too," he responded, deliberately not taking the bait.  "Have you eaten something?"
Mycroft reveals more, and a surprising clue.
(See the end of the chapter for
Although he hadn't eaten any lunch, John didn't feel the slightest bit hungry when he walked back into the courtroom.  Jennifer was already seated in the witness box, her doll still tucked under one arm.  Even the buffalo averted their eyes from her as they came in.  Only when the prosecution and the defense were both seated did most of the crowd look at her again.
"No, no one.  She'd opened it but I didn't see her do that."
"When you first told the police what you'd been doing, you asked if someone could help you if you were arrested."
"Is this a new game you and Douglas are playing?" Arthur asked with interest.
“I suppose.”  Sherlock had no desire to see the geese, but he had even less desire to be read to again.
(volumes 1-3).
"So the game is on?" John asked.
John headed outside the building, but instead of hailing a cab, he just stood there. He did not want to go back home and face Sherlock. Even if he didn't figure it out right away, he'd know something was wrong. But there was really no place to go. He finally decided to go to a nearby restaurant, have a long lunch, and return when he couldn't linger over the food anymore. That worked out as well as he thought it could, and by the time he was in a cab headed back to Baker Street he felt a little more composed.
While John desperately wanted to ask, he didn't think just saying, "So how did you two get to have sex?" would be anything but rude. Instead he asked the highly sanitized, "Intimacy?"
"How did the girl react to this?"
"A receipt that had a credit card on it.  A bottle of pills from some doctor, written for some person who didn't exist.  And the walls had insulation in them, the soundproof kind they use in studios."
"You seem so sure I'll win," Mr. Rodgers said.
"Congratulations," John said.  He could easily tell who Graham was.  He seemed far more put together than the others.  While his hair was long, it was neatly combed and shiny.  His hooded sweatshirt and jeans were worn but clean and well taken care of.  Most of all, he was the only one besides Gloria to be smiling.  "Do you have a wedding date?"
"You know," she responded in a tone of wonder.
"Yes."
"Nothing else?"
"Did you call the police?"
There was a long pause.  “Go on,” Sherlock encouraged him.
“Besides K, who were they?”
The smile melted off her face. "I got cut. Needed stitches." She clutched the bear closer to her chest.
"Different how?" he retorted.  "Both of you even met her at the same age.  What makes Phillip different than you?"
"Just seen her?" Sherlock asked, the sound of his voice clearly indicating he thought it was more than that.
"Hello," she replied in a croaking whisper.
Kieran snidely replied, "Just because you practically wet yourself every time you hear the theme music..."
Abuse is one of those topics that everyone and their cousin likes to mine for angst, especially sexual abuse, but it's not often done well. Almost everyone is aware of the problem of magical healing sex, and I think people write it with good intentions, but having one good sexual experience isn't going to suddenly blot out the bad ones. Some of the problems I see in other fics aren't as recognized. Very few stories make a point of mentioning that children - and even adults - have mixed feelings towards an abuser, and most stories include anger and self-blame, but not anything positive. I'm not sure how much of this I conciously thought of when I started the story, but I was very aware that I wanted to touch on various unpleasant apsects that don't show up in a lot of stories.
"Yes. John, this is Doctor Dodson."
"Look up the statute."  Sherlock turned on the sofa so he was no longer facing the telly.  He pulled out his mobile from one of his coat pockets and started to fiddle with it.  Since he clearly didn't want to continue the conversation, John grabbed his laptop and decided to do just that.  As he pulled up the CPS site Sherlock's mobile rang.  "Yes, I saw the news," he said with no introduction.  Josh suspected it was Phillip.  "No, I understand.  He's your brother and he loves you; he wants to see Her punished because She hurt you."  Phillip of course was an only child; it had to be Moira Aherne.  "You can feel that way if you want.  Have you talked about it with your dad?  I think you should do that too.  Yes, I'd like to see that experiment when you've done it.  Yes, I liked your card for me.  Your dad's calling you?  You should probably go, then."
"Are you happy you finally got your man?  Is that it?  That one great mystery even you couldn't figure out got solved?"  Sherlock acted like he hadn't heard anything John said.  "Who did you think it was?"
Before Arthur could respond to that, Carolyn came over.  "All right, team useless.  If we can be at the airport in an hour we can leave early.  Arthur, I have your bag with me.  Martin, I don't see yours anywhere."  She gave Sherlock a stern look.
He had no idea what to say in response and was glad when she left.  He'd have to ask John her name.  And no sooner did he think about him that the man appeared in the room Martin was in.  "Do you like Chinese?" he asked.
"Do you like astronomy?"
"I dreamed about Her," he said in the same flat tone.  "I thought about Her when I..."  He didn't need to finish the sentence; from the context John found it easy to conclude what "I dreamed about Her" meant as well.
“Because Moira’s got a father she’s close to and is concerned for his daughter’s welfare?” John guessed.
"Hello, Sagnik," she said.
"Was there something wrong with your legs?"
"You were in hospital last February.  Can you tell me about that?" Lou hadn't lost his composure at all while questioning her and still seemed relaxed.
John couldn't help but take a deep breath.  When he'd heard Phillip tell Sherlock of that incident, he'd suspected that Phillip hadn't just taken his hand and shoved it down K's blouse, but he assumed she'd just asked him to do it.  Seeing how she had essentially wordlessly manipulated him into it was frighteningly cold.
"Did you go back there on your own again?"
“Of course,” Sherlock responded in a slightly offended tone.  “None of it is relevant to the identity of this K in any event.”
"Once I had left she seemed to pick up a bit.  I didn't think we could make a relationship work, but I wanted to give her a chance to be a better mother."
"Your hat," he repeated, like it was obvious what he meant.  "The one like the little beanie with the ear flaps!"
The man looked just like Phillip.
John's laptop was nowhere in sight, so he reached for his own. He looked foward to Phillip's emails almost as much as a case. They'd bonded in a way that he hadn't expected. Phillip trusted him and was always at his most open with Sherlock, asking questions that even -
The woman burst into laughter.  "Yes you are.  Do the walk around and then get in the cockpit with Dr. Watson."
"No they didn't."
"What did your father do?" John dared to ask.
It took forty-five minutes for them to be seated, order, eat, pay the bill, and head back to the hospital, and that was enough for them. When Lestrade knocked on the door of the room, Mr. Aherne was no longer reading the book and his children were all sitting on the bed, watching some cartoon. "Mr. Aherne, can I have a word with you outside?" Lestrade asked him. "We'll just be outside the door, so your children should be all right."
“Yes, and we’re here to talk to you,” Sherlock said.
"Did you keep anything else?"
"No.  He gave me a few dirty looks, though."
"This only stopped when she went into care?"
"So they just pulled at the jogging bottoms and checked?"
Lou must have noticed John's startled expression, because he went on to explain: "Susan's the case computer.  She's memorized every victim's birthday, full name, and appearance.  She knows what every single potential witness looks like and how they relate to the case.  She's even memorized most of the details of the charges."
"How long is the remainder of your sentence?" Harvey asked in one of her typical abrupt subject changes.
"My apologies, your honor," she said.  She shot Clark an evil look.
"You live with your mother?"
Sherlock broke eye contact with him.  "It's fine," he said hollowly.
"Hello, Phillip," Lou said as soon as he was settled.
"Will you come back to see me?"
"The poison," she repeated.
"Hire him?  Oh no, he wasn't a detective back then."  She laughed.  "His brother had sent him to Florida, as soon as he got out of rehab.  Thought if he was away from all the 'bad influences' he'd stay sober."  John thought that that did sound like something Mycroft would do.  "He was in the flat across the hall from where we were living.  Edwin - my husband - had inherited some real estate in the area from a relative and we were staying there to sell it.  He was from the States originally, you know.  Poor Sherlock was climbing the walls with boredom after a day or two, and Edwin saw him pacing around at all hours.  So I invited him over for some tea one day.  Well, he laid out almost my whole life story before I'd finished one cup, and I thought he was more interesting than anyone else I'd met there."
His face fell.  "But did you really see that big dog?"
No one spoke on the way back to the Yard.  Even when they had arrived, no one said anything. The building was cloaked in an eerie silence.  John wondered if the uneasy feeling was in contrast to hospitals, where there was never any silence and the lights were always on.
"You haven't changed, have you?" she said, still smiling.  "Most children, you see them as adults and they hardly look the same.  You're the same, though.  Not even a hair on your face."  She traced his chin with one finger, and John realized that Sherlock was now clutching his hand in a death grip.
The next bit was hard to write for a variety of reasons, one of course being that since only Sherlock and Moira are in the room John can't see anything that happens.  Since he is also the point of view character, (and in this story, for mostly dramatic effect, there are no Sherlock perspectives), I had to write a whole scene based on what someone would hear. I think I did all right, but those sorts of things are tricky for anyone.
"If your sister hadn't asked you to not say anything about K, would you have told someone?" Sherlock asked.
"Tired," he said. "No new dramas but I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop."
"Just that I'd made a new friend."
Everything the steward said came out like a young child on a sugar high.  "Maybe."
"Did anyone cut you?" he persisted.
"I'd found it."
"When did you wake up?"
"Come with me," he said tersely and walked off towards the car park nearby. Sherlock followed him to an older Lexus. "Sit in the back." While Sherlock would have protested, he had nowhere else to go, and so sat in the back. The man glared at him one more time before starting the car, and it occurred to Sherlock that he was going to have to live with this man until everything was sorted out.
“Mike?”  He sounded like a small child.
"When did you contact the police?"
"It's an abuse investigation," John supplied.  "A serial sexual offender who hasn't been identified.  Two patients you examined in the A&E have been pinned down as possible victims, Sagnik Malakar and Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena.  Do you remember them?"  He pulled out a chair for Sherlock, but he didn't sit down and continued to rock on the balls of his feet.  Dr. Arthur looked disgusted.
"It would be better if you stayed outside. Children are sometimes reluctant to disclose in the presence of a parent." As Lestrade spoke, Mr. Aherne's eyes flicked down the hall, towards the lounge. "Why don't the three of us go to the lounge while Dr. Watson talks to Moira." The three of them walked down the hall then, Donovan still resting her hand on Mr. Aherne's shoulder.
"Yes, I do. When I was your age I knew a person like that, right in my neighborhood. I didn't always like whatever they did, but I still loved them a great deal." Lestrade didn't say anything to this, but his eyes widened. Sherlock wasn't looking at him, so John felt safe enough giving a quick nod and making a gesture of silence.
"And all the checks were good?"
"I'll speak with him."
“You were having a nightmare.”
In the midst of his struggle, Hamish had been knocked out of the bed.  John put him back next to Sherlock in hopes that the toy would bring him back, but it appeared to have no effect.  He still pleaded with his attacker to stop.  As his distress grew, he brought himself up to an almost sitting position.  John kept trying to reassure him, but each minute seemed to make his distress worse.  After a seemingly endless period of time, Sherlock's body jerked and he vomited all over himself and the blankets.  He let out a cry and crumpled back on to the bed, curling up in a ball.
"It was a neighbor of his," John said slowly, not relishing the idea of revealing more.  "She let him play in her garden and... Well, for the next ten years she'd..."  He unsuccessfully choked back a sob.
Martin tries to settle in, but awkwardness still ensues.
Before John could say any more, she interrupted him.  "Don't call it 'having sex.'  That trivializes it.  'When she was abusing him sexually' is more accurate."
“After she was sentenced.  The social services workers were moving to terminate her parental rights and were trying to work out a plan for me to get Jennifer back.”  Mr. Ogbeide sounded remarkably calm.  His voice no longer wavered.  “The man appeared on the steps of my flat and said he wanted to talk to me, said he'd known Debra.  I wanted nothing to do with him, but he said he thought there was something he should tell me about my daughter.  That caught my attention.  He told me that she often bought 'substances' from him.  Since he noticed she didn't work, he asked her where she was getting the money, and if it was support money.  She told him there were ways, and didn't seem too bothered about it.  A few days after he asked that he was leaving the flat and saw Jennifer standing by the door.  She asked him if he was coming to take her away.  He thought that was strange and asked where she thought he'd take her.  She said, 'To the fucking room.'  He was disturbed enough to leave and not go back to the flat again.”  The calmness had faded into a flat tone.  “Apparently that was all he knew, but he told me when I got her back I should leave the area.”
"Well, you can't physically force him to not use.  That's beyond your control," said Eli.
"Your brother came home from university when this happened?"
"His name was on some of the reports.  He also put in a statement that he thought the father of one of the victims was the culprit."  John felt that was a safe statement to make.
John would have laughed, but one look at Sherlock made him realize that he wasn't kidding.  "No, that was the alcohol.  Clara said once she thought it was kind of cute, herself."
“No, but we can do a few things.  If we go out into the garden we can even say hello to the geese!”
"You've got it from all angles, don't you?" Tammy commented. "I can't imagine dealing with two people going through this. As it is we're in separate bedrooms."
"Buffalo?" John echoed in confusion.
"That one?" Lestrade said.  He didn't sound surprised.  She nodded firmly in response.  "All right.  Thank you Moira."  She moved away from the mirror to stand by her brother and sister, but Mr. Aherne gazed coldly at K.  He seemed unable to tear himself from the spot.  Outwardly his expression had changed little, but there was a quiet fury in the way he held himself.  If K had not been behind a mirror it was very clear she would not have been safe.
"A few times a week at first.  But after a year or so I was spending almost every day there, at least when my brother wasn't at home."
"She probably thought that she'd get away free until that man testified."  She looked directly at John for a second, and then promptly changed the subject.  They talked for a few more minutes before she headed back downstairs.
"Are you still worried about Phillip?" John wasn't sure of the right way to broach the subject.  Sherlock didn't do emotion, for the most part.  Of course that didn't mean he didn't have feelings; John knew better than anyone else that the whole "high-functioning sociopath" bit was a cover for feelings he refused to express.  But he kept his emotions so close to himself that it made whatever he felt barely register.  Maybe it was just the personal connection, but this case had unwound him.  Suddenly Sherlock was tender, rageful, saddened.  And afraid.
"Hi," Sagnik responded.  He looked the attorney in the eye.
"Not everything, of course.  As much as needs to be done that they can't do themselves."
“Different things.  Sometimes I’d just go there with Her and the kid would be in the bedroom and I’d do things with them.  Other times they’d be sitting in the living room.  I’d talk to them or play some game.  She always gave us something to drink – squash or lemonade or Coke.  I got a regular drink but She’d add some white powder to to the other one.  The kid that would drink it would get sleepy and we’d go to the bedroom.  Sometimes She just took pictures and sometimes She’d get on the bed too.  The other kid sometimes just slept through it all but other times they were awake and some of them would cry.”
"I'd pretend that She was my mummy.  Sometimes She would let me call her that."  Phillip looked so mortified John wondered if he would just flee the flat and not return.
"Not really."  Since Phillip had kept his head lowered for so long, his hair once again hung in his eyes.  "She said that She'd try to help me with that, and She hoped She'd see me soon.  Then She took a tissue and wiped the ice cream off my face, and She left.  I went home then."
"Round the garden like a teddy bear."
“I may not know you at all, but all I've heard here is that you're a monster and my friend – not my boyfriend for the record, although it shouldn't matter – my best friend, isn't guilty of anything but being your victim.”  John didn't bother to keep the fury out of his voice.  He could feel Sherlock's grip on his hand tighten.  “And if you try to leave this country, the whole government will be following you, and you will get a fate worse than death.  I promise that.”
"I suppose," he replied, not feeling all that good about leaving the flat and stepping into another London, even one that looked the same.  "When do we leave?"
In half an hour they were walking into the Yard and to Lestrade's office, like they had done a million times before.  Lestrade himself was standing in the doorway waiting for them.  "Come in.  The Ahernes will be here in an half an hour and I'm not sure how long this will take."  He looked grave as he led them in and motioned for them to sit down.  Sherlock unusually did so, and John was reminded that he couldn't have completely recovered in a matter of minutes.  If Lestrade thought this was odd he gave no sign of it.  "This is all I could get about our subject you brought us."  He sat down behind the desk and gestured to a small manila folder.  "Doctor Kelly Gene Martin.  Fifty-two years old.  She's been practicing pediatrics for thirty years.  Not a single complaint from a parent in that time, no reprimands from any workplace, not even a single traffic ticket.  Her school record is unblemished and she apparently skipped a few grades.  She was married for almost a year to a university classmate, nineteen years ago.  He was killed in an accident; apparently he fell on the third rail in the Underground.  She was out of the country at the time.  They had applied for a foster care license a few months after they were married, but it wasn't approved until after his death."  He paused as if to give them time to digest that piece of information.  "She's done emergency foster care on and off since then, and has never had a child with her for longer than a year.  The last time she cared for any children was around four years ago; she told the agency she needed a break and since she had been so consistent in taking hard to place children they were more than happy to allow her time.  There's never been any complaints there or any write-ups.  So far we have been unable to find any of the children she has fostered.  In short, without any sort of testimony from any victim, especially Moira and Phillip, there's no case to be built.  A jury'd take one look at her, see a nice older woman who's devoted her life to helping others, and she'd walk free."
It only stopped around three in the morning, when he woke to the sound of Sherlock pacing downstairs.  He lay in bed for a few minutes, hearing Sherlock say "I must, I must, I must," over and over again.  Knowing that Sherlock was so anxious about the trial didn't make John feel any better, but when he fell back asleep he had no more dreams.
"But I could pretend!" Phillip cried out in pain.
John had known things like that were coming, and he still had to swallow the lump in his throat.  At this point, the only person who seemed calm was Lou.  (K might have been calm but John didn't dare look back to see.)  "Were those the only places you met?  The park and her flat?"
"I'm very sorry," was all that he said.
"Don't touch anything," the man next to him snapped.
Amazingly, although his whole expression darkened, Douglas' tone remained flat. "Whatever it is you want to do, you'll be only doing here when I am at home." He went on. "You will not do anything even remotely mean-spirited to Arthur under penalty of being thrown out of the house."
"Were you having sex with them too?" John was somewhat impressed that Phillip was willing to ask something like that so bluntly.
This chapter is one of the most important, even though it's short, because it introduces Phillip to the reader. Phillip was specifically designed to be a parallel character to Sherlock - someone who he knew exactly what he was going through. Phillip is both modeled after and named for
"What year are you in school?"
"But she did mention 'the doctor lady', correct?"
"No!  Stop!"  Sherlock's voice held a raw terror that John had never heard from him before.  He thrashed around on the bed in a strange way that made him look bound with invisible chains.
"They do," John agreed.  "But at the same time..."
"Next Wednesday, I think."
"Like what?" It was truly amazing that even after all Phillip had been through, he could still sound so innocent.
"Easy week," Eli said once Peter finished.  "Her brother went back home and it's been nice and quiet."
The airline Arthur mentions that used to sell seats in the bathroom is real: in the Seventies the Russian airline Aeroflot did just that.
"So if Moira told you she'd killed someone and not to tell anyone, you'd never tell anyone?"
"You.  Um, what do you do?"
"Hamish."
"'This bird should have flown, says juror,' for one" She clucked and said "None of the others were quite that tasteless, but you get the idea."
Susan came up to the stand and said "The prosecution calls Thomas Davidson."  Within a few seconds, everyone's eyes were on the boy led by the usher.  He attracted so much attention not for any case-related reasons, but because he was in a wheelchair.  He used his right arm to operate the controls, apparently at ease with the technology.  Before he had fully positioned himself, his legs spasmed.  He tapped each leg with his right hand and it appeared to stop. Cerebral palsy, then, John thought.  Probably triplegic.  He was the first victim testifying to wear a suit and tie.  It looked new; his parents must have wanted him to look good.  His curly hair was slicked down with some hair gel.
“Well, whatever it is, you don’t have it.  Even when you’re in his body.”
“Yeah.  I thought maybe that meatball would be poison too.  And even if me dad got sick from it I’d still have my dog.  K said if he died I’d get adopted.”  Moira turned her head so her face was no longer against her father’s chest, but she made no move to escape his grasp.
"But you still told him things.  Which one is it?  Did you want to tell someone about what was going on or not?" She looked pleased at catching Phillip in a contradiction.
When the cab finally stopped in front of Baker Street, he got out and was striding towards the door when he realized that Sherlock was just standing there on the curb, a blank expression on his face.  "Sherlock?" John said gently as he came to stand in front of him.  "Are you all right?"  It sounded stupid even in his head, but he couldn't say nothing.
"Who was it?"
"At the time there was no conviction and no one had any idea how long she'd be in there.  Once that all happened she was being transitioned back to her father's care."
"Manchester."
"When did you move to London?" Lou asked, transitioning into more painful subjects without a beat.
"Because until a few days ago I had no idea who this person was.  I can talk about what happened when we went to her house, but other than that I can't say much.  Even so, if for some reason they want me to testify I will."
"Yes.  A dog, a bulldog."
"John?  Is that you?  You're up early."  A voice came from behind the door.
Any thought of Sherlock silently brooding was ruined when they walked through the door. He took his coat off and sent it flying across the room rather than hanging it up. "That monster!" he practically snarled.
!" John had started to talk in a normal voice, but by the end his face was red with shouting. He hadn't thought about the implications of this before, but suddenly he felt furious with Sherlock.
It was clear this had just occurred to Sherlock; he suddenly looked curious.  "True.  Just try the numbers, then."
"In your bed?"  It was big enough to hold two people even if they never touched, but Sherlock might consider that a step too far.
During this whole exchange, Sherlock hadn't said a word. He'd continued his pacing, and from where he was he could clearly hear everything that was being said, but he didn't add anything himself. It didn't look like he was focusing on anything in particular; maybe he was just thinking silently.
"Just be dressed nicely for the trial, all three of you.  Your other daughter - will you be bringing her?" Lestrade asked.
"Well, come upstairs with me."  Phillip obediently followed John up the steps and stood aside as he unlocked the door.  From the door he could see Sherlock was on the sofa like before but was sitting normally instead of lying down.  Phillip apparently saw him as well, as he pushed John aside to get into the flat.  He was momentarily annoyed but this evaporated when Phillip sat down next to Sherlock and started to cry.
With this and a few of the other questions Sherlock asks, he already knows the answer, but if he asks them they will be part of the record.
"Have you eaten dinner?"
"Perhaps."  The lack of emotion in his voice bothered John.
“I didn’t think he’d arrest me.  And he didn’t start asking the same things right away.  We just talked for a bit.  I was the one who brought up my arm.”
"What did you tell him?"
Thomas fidgeted a little, and his legs spasmed again as he did so.  "Mum and Dad took me there early.  I got out of school early for it.  When She came into the waiting room She asked them if it'd be okay if She saw me by myself and Mum said that was fine.  Mum had Blessing with her since she was so little then.  So She led me back into one of the exam rooms and lifted me out of my chair and on to one of those tables with paper on them."  His left arm twitched.
"Not too far from where the Ahernes live. A group member is going to meet me in front of the building."
Gloria nodded.  "At least my fiancé was trying to get clean before we met.  He's had trouble since but no full relapses.  His little brother is too early to tell."
"Would you like to get something to eat?  Not in this courtroom, I mean," John added.  "We can talk if you'd like."
He opened his eyes for good. A short teenager with red hair crouched in front of him. He recognized him as a relatively new member of the homeless network who hung out with Alla Pinyakova. "I'm sure you know I'm already aware of that."
"No. Just my fiancé and his older sister."
"Hello," he replied in a much cheerier tone than the other victims.  He had a clear accent but he did not hesitate with his English.
"Yes, that evil, scumbag K! Do you know why Phillip was asking about being arrested? Do you know what he thinks he's done?" John shook his head. Sherlock punched the chair in front of him before responding. "Assault! Sexual assault! K's convinced him that he was the one to initiate the sexual contact, that he is responsible for it, and that K only doesn't report him out of their kind heart." His voice dripped venom.
"It had to be something big to upset you like that."
"Do you have copies of those checks on file?" John broke in.  At the very least it might be something K could be traced from.
"Some women have.  But right now my responsibility is to my children, and a woman who wants to date me won't necessarily feel the same way towards them.  I can't say I'll be single the rest of my life, but right now I see no need to change it."
"He said anyone doing that had to have a lot of money.  They wouldn't be happy if Jennifer was in care.  Someone with all that money could make my life very unpleasant."  Privately John doubted K would care if one of her victims wound up in care; she seemed to have a never-ending supply.  If an older victim who was more able to say what had happened, she might put in an additional threat, like with Moira, but Jennifer wasn't one of those.
The screen went dark.  Sherlock had the remote in his hand, and he tossed it on the ground.  "She'll probably get five years.  Her solicitors are smart enough that they wouldn't agree to a plea for less than half the time.  Then of course She'll leave the country to avoid having to register.  Thailand is cliche at this point.  In the places of Africa She could get away with it there's a language barrier, and I know She speaks no French. Probably Jamaica, then.  Close enough to the States to visit."
John shook his head. "I don't know if he'd ever let me. I wouldn't even say he's afraid of it - it's more sheer terror and panic."
"You are correct.  I will continue to take private cases as they come but I would like to be available for every day of the trial, if I'm needed."  Sherlock's hands were curled into fists, and his voice was tight.  John took that as a sign the conversation was finished (he certainly couldn't think of anything else to say), and the rest of the trip home was silent.
"Is this the drawing?" Susan held it up to Mrs. Murray, and then to the jury.  John could only vaguely make out what it was; he saw what looked like a woman and an infant lying on a bed while a boy with big blue tears floated above them.
"Not at first."  The smile faded.  "We just talked for a little bit.  He asked me about my drawing and he told me he played the violin.  Then I mentioned my arm getting broken."
"But you still saw him for three years."
The concert came to an abrupt end when there was a knock on the door.  John got up to answer it and opened the door to see Lestrade standing there, a large pile of papers in his hands.  "I've brought over some of the material confiscated from Dr. Martin's house," he told John as he stepped into the sitting room.  When he saw Phillip there, he stopped and stared.
"That'd be fine, thanks," he said, and they walked into the courthouse together.
"That's unfair. Was your mum the one who took it away?"
"But she was arrested that day?"
"No further questions," Lou said.  John suspected they could have gotten far more out of Jennifer, but with twelve other victims testifying it was clearly easier on her if her testimony was short.
Sherlock's whole body sags, releasing tension John hadn't even noticed he had.  He wraps an arm around Hamish and looks away from John.  "Last night.  It was good of you."
"The offices of Scotland Yard."
"She gave me her mobile number and said we could discuss the rest later.  She put a few twenty-pound notes on the table and left."
“Do whatever you need to do, you're not needed here,” Sherlock said dismissively.
"Then if you were so afraid how is it that you said you loved Dr. Martin?"
"I know.  You told Phillip that."  While this probably wasn't the best time to bring up the fact he'd overheard the conversation, it was better than silence.
"What about it?" Susan pressed.
"Someone's bound to eat your share," Lou cheerfully responded as they all headed into the courthouse.  "Susan's running a bit late, I'm sorry to say."  He led them into the room that they usually used in the morning.  "Coffee or cocoa?" he asked once everyone had sat down.
"Thank you," he said.  Sherlock looked at him strangely, but didn't say anything.
"What did you do to make the victim say something?"
Mycroft turned to look at him, and John realized he actually seemed nervous.  "Even if this case goes to trial, there's still a very good chance that she will be found not guilty."
John figured he should be the one to break the silence, and he did so with a cheery "Hi. Are you Moira?" The girl nodded. She closed the book and brought the teddy bear to her chest with both hands. "What's your bear's name?"
At least he hasn't completely lost his capacity for deduction, John thought with relief.  "You're right."  He looked at the clock, like he had just noticed the time.  "I'm going up to bed."
"Hello, John." Dr. Dodson smiled at him. "Come on in."
"Because I didn't want anyone to get hurt."
"You're not being hurt.  You're at home in your bedroom.  I'm the only other one here.  Sherlock, it's John.  Can you hear me?"  John suddenly wished he had paid more attention in his psychology courses.  He could only vaguely remember the few flashbacks he'd had and didn't know whether trying to talk him out of it was good or bad.
"Why don't we play something else?" Sherlock suggested, and Phillip picked up his flute again.  For the better part of an hour the two of them played a set of music that John didn't recognize at all.  He could see how happy it was making them, though, and that was enough.
"What's the old thing, then?" Eli asked.
"Yes he is, but he got fed earlier this morning."  The six of them then turned to the food, and within ten minutes there was nothing but the cocoa and coffee cups and some crumbs.
"It didn't go well last time."
Sherlock got up from the couch, like he hadn't heard him.  "I expect us to be leaving for the general area by noon.  I trust you will be ready then."  He vanished into the stairwell and after a few minutes John could hear the shower running.
He forced himself to smile, although he didn't find it funny. "Yes, I know you're John Watson. But who am I?"
"Between your legs?"
"And you met all of them?"
"Why?"
"What's going on?" Sherlock turned at the sound of the voice. The other man from before now stood in the doorway.
For the next few hours the man lead the dog through variations of what the dogs in the pictures had been lead through.  There was no tunnel to be had or made, but garden spokes did for poles, and the slide for a frame substitute.  At first Sherlock held himself back and pretended to be unimpressed, but when he realized the man didn’t know his reputation and indeed seemed to want him to be on his level of enthusiasm, he joined in with the cheering, petting, and watermelon rewards.  He wasn’t sure when it stopped being a thing he had to do and became something he was really caught up in.  Eventually the dog flopped down on the grass and fell asleep.
"Some shelters and some hotels.  There's always a lot of fuss because I need to live in a place with a lift."  He gestured to his wheelchair in a matter-of-fact way.
"And you would walk home from school with him?"
"The night our flat was broken into.  He came over with the Yarders and talked with her."
"And has his doppelganger mentioned anything about this?"
"No.  She died a few months later."
"Is there anything in the flat right now to use?"
"I see." Sherlock's voice was tight.
"A few days later."
"Not any I voiced," Sarah said carefully.
John felt his mobile vibrate in his pocket, and cursed. He'd have to answer it, in case it was a crisis involving Sherlock, but he'd felt almost on the verge of a breakthrough. "Mobile's ringing. Mind if I step out?"
"Yeah."
"No."  He yawned, something John had never seen Sherlock do before.
"Do you want coffee or a doughnut?" Susan asked him as they entered the building and walked down the corridor.  "We brought some back, just in case."  She held up the familiar paper sack and a two coffee holder.
"Perhaps.  He had no injuries other than some mild bruising of the thigh and shoulder.  That's all I remember from his case.  You mentioned another child?"  He sounded eager to change the subject.
"When did you get up again?"
"No intimacy." Peter said it as a fact, not a question.
"Physical therapy.  Mum and Dad do it every day.  Stretching and stuff."
"She started to spend more time alone in her room.  Kieran and her have been inseparable since birth, but she wasn't playing with him at home any more."
"How did you feel about that?"
"Will you come back?" Moira piped up. John and Mr. Aherne both shared surprised looks. "I'd like to see Mr. Holmes again," she added.
Harvey stepped forward as soon as Susan had sat down and stood in front of Mrs. Bena.  "Hello," Harvey said coldly, not bothering to address her by name.
"Can you tell me in your own words how that came to be?"
"When I was sent away to school I wished She would take me back."
“I think the father I want to speak with will be helpful in that regard.”  He turned his head so he was staring out the window.  “If a child came into clinic in the condition that Phillip did, what would you do?”
"Of what?"
"Good."  Lestrade seemed eager to change the subject.  "With all this that needs to be done, you understand it will be a while before any trial starts."
"If you did, you wouldn't be so afraid right now."  He wishes he could look Sherlock in the eye now, but he's still curled up on himself.  A thought occurred to him.  "Are you saying you were able to orgasm?"  No response.  "Because that has nothing to do with whether you enjoyed it or not.  It's a reaction to physical stimulus."  It was strangely terrifying that Sherlock Holmes, who prided himself on his rational thinking, was suddenly such an emotional reasoner.  Of course it was because of K and whatever mind games she had played with him, as well as the fact he'd never talked about it before, but that didn't make it any less frightening.
"He told me that I probably loved whoever broke my arm but they were guilty of a crime."
"How much do you know about what goes on at a trial?" Lestrade asked Moira.
"After that what happened when you went there?"
"Write down what they say.  Don't ask leading questions.  In fact I rarely ask any questions at all.  I might say 'tell me about that' but that's about it."
Shaking his head, he got out of that part of the forum and went to the one that was for the new captains.  It was one thing that never failed to make him smile.  And truthfully, seeing other captains who were just as proud of their planes as he was for GERTI made him feel less like a weirdo.  He soon lost himself in the threads there and in the other parts of the forum.
"But what if you liked it enough that you were thinking of Her, well, when -"
"Mrs. Hudson thought so too."  John suspected the only reason Sherlock had come home was to have some support when the news came on.
"Help the others with what?"  Peter stepped into the room.
John wasn't surprised when Clark went up to the stand; Harvey would have looked like she was intimidating someone's grandmother.  "Hello, Mrs. Henderson," said Clark.
While he thought it was certainly possible that she'd blocked out the whole experience and really had no idea who her abuser was, John thought it was more likely she knew exactly who it was and simply didn't want to tell. He tried to imagine, without success, the sort of threat hanging over her head that made telling someone such an impossible task. Then he remembered that none of the victims had talked, and that was enough to turn his stomach to ice again. "All right. I just wanted to ask," he gently said and left the room.
"So he's not away from home a lot." When Sherlock got another shake of the head in response, he went on. "Did he bring you to the hospital?"
"I asked him some questions about his life in general and after some time he asked why I hadn't asked him anything about the case yet."
The trip wasn't long, so it didn't give him much of a chance to look around. He was almost disappointed when the man - Douglas, wasn't he called? - told him: "Get out."
Late, no excuse, hope to start updating every other week.
"No."
“Mr. D was married with three children.  One of them was in Sherlock’s class at school, and had made overtures of friendship to him.  In addition, Mr. D was a former police officer.  I know that at the very least they talked about the Carl Powers case together.  The circumstances under which he had left the police force were not clearly defined.  When the family moved, it was in the middle of the school year.  Their children were not enrolled in a new school for some time, as there was no spaces in the new area.”
"Can I ask you a question, then?"
"John Watson, Sherlock Holmes' friend.  We spoke at the trial a few days ago?"
Moira, despite her current difficulties, has had a much more loving/ordinary upbringing than Sherlock ever did, and being able to show non-sexual affection towards others is one sign of that. Sherlock, of course, associates all touch with sexual contact.
He woke up the second time to the sound of music.  Sherlock hadn't picked up his violin in days, so it was a welcome sound.  That welcome lasted only a few seconds before he realized there was another instrument playing.  It sounded like a flute.  He remembered Phillip Rodgers played the flute and figured as soon as he got downstairs Phillip would be there.
"She put Her hand down my jogging bottoms and rubbed between my legs.  It felt hot and it was kind of nice but I didn't know if I liked it."  Moira wasn't crying anymore, but the sobs in the audience had only gotten louder.  "Then She said I was definitely a girl.  Said that you could smell it and She smelled the fingers on that hand.  Then She asked me if that felt good.  I said yes because it kind of did and maybe if I said it did She'd be my first friend in London.  She told me that if I came back the next day I'd get a surprise."  Even though John had heard it all before, he still got a lump in his throat.
"Did your mother ever ask about the book?"
Sherlock half-smiled.  "That is our job indeed."
A final confirmation that Mr. Aherne is not neglectful or emotionally absent, like the parents of so many of the victims we meet. Sherlock also wants to see how Moira reacts to a direct mention of her being in the hospital without mentioning why.
“Are you finished?” Sherlock asked him.  He sounded like he’d been made to sit through a particularly dull lecture rather than being taken off the case.  Lestrade nodded, unable to speak.  “We should be going, then.”  Sherlock directed John out the door, not saying anything, not exploding with anger, not seeming to react at all.
"Good." He gestured for them to leave his office. John was perfectly aware of both the fact Sherlock had told Phillip about his past experience and that he undoubtedly knew he had just told Lestrade as well. He figured that Sherlock wouldn't want to talk and would go home and brood, so he said nothing as they went back to Baker St.
"You mean sex, right," Peter said in a way that indicated he had seen this coming. "Haven't solved it yet."
"Is it too loud?"
"If you want to keep coming here you'll have to participate, but just listening for a meeting or two is perfectly fine," Dr. Dodson said. John nodded, too overwhelmed to say anything. "Does anyone have something they want to bring up first?" he continued.
"Not much, truthfully."  Dr. Arthur was still looking at John, like he had been the one to ask.  "He said the car was blue and the flat was clean, but he seemed dazed."
"Did Dr. Martin say anything?"
As soon as the door shut, Sherlock said "Her father was a spy, of course," without looking up.
Early morning revelations and Phillip tells more of his story.
"No, obviously.  It was clear it wasn't her father or mother, but other than that I didn't get anything else."
"What color are the ribbons?"
"But you saw it?"
"How well do you know most of your tenants?"
"Thank you," Sherlock said.  "I know you have more to say but I want to hear your from your brothers first."
"His son or the friend's son?" John asked in confusion.
"I'm sure he is," he said quietly.
At this point John was convinced that he wasn't going to verbally savage Moira, although he couldn't tell what on Earth he was leading up to. He'd gotten her to be chattier than John himself the previous day, and that was in itself a success.
Sherlock and John visit the Aherne household.
"Don't worry, I'll be home all day and I'll ring you as soon as he gets in the door," she reassured him.  He headed out feeling a bit relieved.
"Do you think I should keep him out of sight?"  He gestured towards the stuffed bee on the bed.
"And I testify next Wednesday, still?"
When he got home Sherlock was there, to his relief.  He was sitting on the floor with a roll of wrapping paper and some tape next to him.  "It's for Moira.  Belated birthday present," he said without turning around, predicting John's question.
"You do understand that when he says that he's not expressing a desire for the sex.  If his family was emotionally neglectful and he had no other friends, that relationship is literally the most significant he's ever had.  He has to imagine that it was based on some real love instead of this woman's sexual appetite.  Otherwise that relationship is meaningless."
In a very small voice Phillip said, "Yeah.  It had been a while since I had met Her because I told her my fifth birthday was coming up.  She got all excited and said She'd have a cake and presents for me.  And She did.  She got me some paints and a big layer cake.  There were party hats and streamers and everything.  Then She said that I'd get another present if we went to Her room.  I did.  I thought that was special because I'd only been in there a few times before.  We always cuddled and stuff on the sofa.  When I got in there She told me to take off all my clothes and lie down on the bed.  I did and She took off Her clothes and lay down next to me.  She said She was going to teach me to hug like grownups did."  He shrank down in his chair.
“Correct.  Most random numbers are not random at all.  They can appear to be randomly generated, but they are pseudo-random.  There are only a few sources of random content in the world, and they are all from quantum events, such as radioactive decay.  Since this group has to stay under the radar, they can’t even use true random number generators online, in case someone logs the use of them.  So their transmissions are most likely randomized through a computer program, which will give them the code to use.”
"So why was that the first time you resisted?"
"Of course.  With Moira's identification we can get a warrant to search the house and as many records as we can find.  Lots of paperwork, not the sort of thing you'd be interested in." Lestrade still looked uneasy.
"Sometimes."
Nothing had developed in the case, that was true, but John couldn't say that about the rest of his life.  Two conversations, one he had with Sherlock and one he happened to overhear, revealed several unsettling things.  The first one had occurred after supper the day they had talked to Dr. Arthur.  "He didn't lie," Sherlock had said suddenly.  He was lying on the couch with one arm draped over his eyes.  After eating a few bites he had left the kitchen and perched himself on the couch.  For the past half hour he had seemed lost to the world.
"I can't imagine no one has asked you.  You're an attractive young man."
"We need to borrow Dr. Watson for a while," Donovan told her. "There's a sensitive matter he might be able to help us with."
Trial preparations.
"Not quite that long, but I respect their privacy."
"Known better than what?" John asked his retreating form. He was met with silence and a slam of his bedroom door. He didn't see Sherlock again all day.
"Twenty, I'd say.  There's ten flats on each floor, and there's four floors counting the ground, but quite a few of them weren't in good enough shape to move into then.  John, my husband, had arranged for them to be rehabilitated before he died, but none of the work was finished by the time I moved in."
Harvey made a motion with her hands, and Clark said, "No further questions," with an audible sigh.
"What else went on wasn't at her home?"
When the courtroom emptied for the day, Dominic finally said something.  "The others should be here soon."  And once the crowds had cleared out, Lou and Susan returned with Gloria, Graham, and Christine.  Graham and Christine both were white-faced and silent.  Gloria took Angus from Martin, said "Thank you for sitting with them today," and turned to leave.
"Almost eight years.  It'll be eight years in September."
"Why not?"
“She said I got to be too much for Her sometimes.  I kind of did.  Because after we did those things She’d let me sit in Her lap and cuddle.  And I really did like that.  I’d do anything so we could.  I’d have gone there every day if I got that.  She even let me spend the night there sometimes.  My mum liked that too.  I think she liked it when I was out of the house.”  Someone in the courtroom gave an audible sob.  “But She said She couldn’t do that much and I’d just have to come there sometimes.  She said She’d bring other people there.”
"The girl was so reluctant to talk about who had hurt her 'down there' that it made me suspicious.  The father would be the person who she would most want to protect."
"About as well as it could have, I suppose.  He's had some trouble sleeping and he isn't as enthused about our son's first birthday coming up."
"But if you were hurt then someone was already hurt, right?"
When after twenty minutes the shower was still running, he got up and headed to the door.  He knocked on it, but got no response.  "Sherlock?" he asked.  No response.  "Are you okay?"  Still silence.  "If you don't answer me in another minute I'll just come in there."
John wasn't sure if this was designed to throw Phillip off guard or it was just another one of Harvey's abrupt segues.  "I would say I told you what happened already," Phillip finally replied.
The room was silent.  Sherlock had curled himself up on the sofa again, and John was sitting at the other end, trying to figure out what to do with the information he'd just been given.  He understood why Lestrade had apparently suggested Sherlock not work on the case any more; the personal connection could be turned on him by whatever solicitors K acquired.  At the same time he knew Sherlock wouldn't quit.  It suddenly occurred to him there might not be a trial at all, if Mycroft got involved.  He remembered he had threatened K if she tried to leave the country and he hadn't been joking.  "Will you let her go to trial?" he asked, breaking the silence.
"How long before all this is brought to the Crown Court?" John asked.
"Yes, I do," he said before going up the stairs.  He spent the whole evening by himself, watching the news, heating up dinner, and finally going to bed upstairs.  All that time he bit back the urge to go running out and find Sherlock.  The only thing stopping him was that he had no idea where Sherlock could have gone.  He could have asked Mycroft, of course, but at this point he didn't want to ask him anything.  Sherlock would see it as betrayal.  So instead he lay in bed for well over an hour before sleep came, that feeling in his stomach never going away.
"That's who called herself Mrs. Williams," Mrs. Bena added when she put her hand down.
"No," he replied, still asleep.  Sherlock sounded desperate, even though his voice wasn't any louder than it was normally.
Both Mr. Aherne and Moira walked up to the mirror.  Shortly after they did that, the lights came on.  Six people, three men and three women, were in line.  They were all similar, short and with black hair.  Dr. Martin was second to the right.  John sneaked a glance at Mr. Aherne's face and saw no recognition or shock there.  Clearly he had never met Dr. Martin before.  Moira looked at the line for a second, eyes wide, and took a step back, squeezing the bear in her arms tighter.  She was still for thirty seconds or so, like she was making sure that no one in the line could see her.  When she appeared convinced that she was truly not able to be seen, she slowly shifted her bear to one arm, raised the other arm and pointed to the person second to the right.
"I have made sure of that."  He looked at the ground again and the rest of the group fell into silence.
"Was that true?"  As Susan spoke Mrs. Bena turned to face her again.
"It spooked my father and he just didn't get frightened."
"Do you think she was telling the truth?"
"Did you bother to investigate whether he had committed some crime?"
"Do you want to do it?"  Sherlock still didn't face him.
"You never asked her, then?"
After a few paragraphs, Sherlock had to stop.  It might have been a hundred years ago, and a lot of the circumstances were different, but this was still
Peter was sitting next to her, and he said: "Nothing this week.  It's been good, actually.  We're planning the trip.  She insists we have to go to Greece and to Switzerland."
"Because of what you told her?" There was a note of terror in her voice.
"I didn't go to school for it if that's what you mean."  For the first time Mrs. Henderson looked irritated.
“All of the jurors who wouldn’t vote to convict?”
John figured he'd have to be the one who knocked on the door, but to his surprise Sherlock used his free hand to knock.  In a few seconds the door swung open.  A woman regarded the two of them.  She was several inches shorter than John, with long black hair neatly pulled back.  As near as he could tell, she was in her fifties, with lines forming on her forehead and crow's feet near her brown eyes.  She seemed like a warm, motherly person, the type you felt at ease around.  She was holding a dish in her hands, as if she had been interrupted while doing the dishes.  "May I help you?" she asked.  John just stared back.  It seemed unreal that K was married, even if he logically knew lots of child molesters were married.  Sherlock's hand was now shaking in his.  Before either of them could say anything, her eyes narrowed.  "Sherlock Holmes," she said with surprise, and smiled at him.  "It's been so long since I've seen you.  I'd say you had grown, but you really haven't;  you might be a little skinnier though.  To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?"
John narrowed his eyes. "Sherlock Holmes. There might be someone in a book in your world or universe or wherever that's named that, but that is also the name of the person whose body you are in."
Sherlock stared at the mug of coffee like it was an alien invader.  After a minute he sat up, took the mug, and took a small sip.  John had apparently added enough sugar, since he took another sip after that one.  "When are the Spencers going to testify?" he asked after a few moments of silence.
"The exact same one," Lou said.
John hoped Clark would come up to the stand and not Harvey; not only was Clark worse at cross-examination, Harvey knew how to be mean.  Nonetheless, he wasn't surprised when Harvey went up to the stand.  "You work with the police?" she said to Sherlock, not bothering with even one casual question.
Phillip, who was still leaning on Sherlock, snapped his head up to look at John.  He looked surprised, like he had forgotten there was someone else in the room.  "Bad," he said after a minute of silence.  "I'd wish I could go wash myself off with acid.  Even then I'd still ask.  I'd crawl into Her lap and then I'd say 'Please fuck me.'  If I didn't say please She'd remind me to do that.  But I still did it so many times."  He sounded despairing.  "I hate myself."
"That's a good idea."  He quickly scanned the room for Hamish and saw him on the sofa.
"Can you tell me about him?"  That sounded non-threatening enough.
Before he even could sit down, he said: "Is all the PTSD you treat a result of combat situations?"
"Like what?"
"No.  Thank you for all you've done.  Now I really must be going."  Mr. Aherne stepped out the door, took Dierdre's hand, and smiled again as Moira and Kieran raced down the hall again.
"The one I mentioned to you?"
"I do."
"You must be feeling very confused right now."
Sagnik and Jennifer testify.
"Has she been spending a lot of time with you recently?" Sherlock's baritone voice was surprising enough that all three of them turned to look at him.
"And did he?"
Mr. Aherne sighed.  "Coping, I suppose.  We have good days and bad days.  Moira's therapist says my job is to be a 'good poison container,' and I try.  Some days though, when she gets to talking a lot about that woman..."  He looked furious but bit back whatever he had intended to say.  "One thing: why does Moira have to be in court in person at all?  Don't they have arrangements they can make where she'd testify in another room on camera?"
"Just give Martin here a general exam.  Tell me if there's anything different."
"Wanted to try something with some plumbing pipe.  Didn't work out right, though."  He sounded halfway muted.
"That's in the record," Sherlock said dismissively.  "You placed a report saying the father was the suspected abuser.  Why did you say that?  The girl never told anyone about that."
"That means you were a teenage male," John replied.  He hoped Sherlock would laugh, or even unfold himself, or something that indicated what he was saying was getting through.  "She's still the adult, though."
"No."
"Me too."
Phillip nodded.  "Your friend.  The landlady let me in a few minutes ago."  John couldn't help but notice the boy was ghostly pale.
"Tomorrow. And you're not changing the subject that easily."
"What did you see?"
"Did you ever tell someone what was going on?"
"You said the other children at school tease you.  Can you think of any reason for that?"
It should be obvious why Sherlock says this - he would do the same thing. He has no idea the abuser is the same as his, but he can remember those feelings all too well. So he's willing to go very slowly in his investigation.
"Thirteen.  Well, I'll be fourteen in two months."
"Even more reason to get some tonight.  Don't think about school now; you've got more important things on your mind.  Come back tomorrow.  Bring your flute and colored pencils."  Sherlock produced a twenty pound note from somewhere.  "The Tube's no good when you're this tired.  Take a cab."  Phillip took the money and stood up to leave.  Sherlock stood as well and offered his hand.  He was clearly expecting a handshake and looked surprised when Phillip grabbed him in a bone-crushing hug.  Despite this, he hugged back.  "Keep whatever money is left.  Don't worry about it," Sherlock assured him.  He nodded and left, closing the door quietly behind him.
"Did you tell Phillip I'd be there in the court if he got nervous?"
"Most of today.  Mum left on Friday for something with work and I left after school, once I'd packed my bag."  He sat down on the sofa.
"So she didn't seem bothered by it?"
"I'll wait there then," Gloria said, and smiled in Graham's direction before vanishing down the hall.  Only then did the other three sit down, the two other men on each side of their brother and the woman to the left of all of them.
"Is that different from before?" Gloria looked him right in the eye.
“When She came back to the room She said that She was really happy I’d been so good.  I asked Her if I was going to have to do that again.  You have no idea how much I didn’t want to.  But She asked me if I still wanted to be Her friend, and I said I did.  The kids at school all make fun of me, and without Her I wouldn’t have any friends.  She said then that She was just trying to make sure I got it all out so I wouldn’t hurt anyone.”  He slumped down in his chair.
"How long were you under the bridge?"  John gestured to the sofa to let him know it was okay to sit on it.
"Thank you for your information." And just like that, he walked away and stood impatiently at the lifts again. "John, we should get going," he added, and John went over to stand with him. As they got on the lift, they saw Mr. Aherne and Lestrade shake hands and Mr. Aherne scribbled something on a piece of paper that was probably his mobile number.
"And there's no trial upcoming?"
"I know he's worried. He was crying when they brought me up here. He said I was going to be all right, though." Moira glanced at the bear in her arms. "Did you have a bear when you were little?"
"All right.  Just keep it down a little."  Whoever was at the door Martin could hear going back down the steps.  He breathed a sigh of relief.  His heart was racing.  If he'd been at home he'd have gone to his room, but here...
"Why?"
"Not that I know of."
Molly took the stethoscope without a word and pressed it to Martin's chest, and then his back.  She did some sort of cursory going-over of his body after, not making any requests.  "I'd like a blood sample," she said, looking directly at John.  "Right now I can't see any obvious difference, but I want to try to match the blood with the past readings."
"Is that what you're working on?" he asked.
"You have to remember that every single sexual impulse he has has been changed by his experiences. Most of us remember really experiencing sexual desire in our early teens, right? By the time he got to thirteen he'd already had hundreds of sexual experiences."
"What is their middle name?"
"You weren't going with Her for money. I know that. So it was something else. Alla said to me - she don't know a lot of English but I learned some Russian - her mum and dad were drunk all the time and they didn't even notice when she ran off and she got across Europe and here. So it was nice when She acted like a mum, and She knew more Russian. You know it too, so I wonder if She taught you. No one's going near Her unless everything is so fucked up you don't care. So I bet your mum was like Alla's and didn't care."
"I said I was." Another long period of silence. "That's when the question…" She trailed off.
"It was near the end of my shift.  I was told a patient had come in with a broken arm and was waiting in one of the examination rooms.  I was somewhat surprised that it was a teenage boy all by himself."
He didn't speak much louder, but the microphone picked him up.  "I was afraid."
"To make sure I do?"
"About the kids who used to tease me and about Mum yelling at me all the time. And about my dad."
"Can you think of any reason why he might have suspected you?"
Lou headed for the stand.  "The prosecution calls Michael Ogbeide."  An usher lead him in.  He wore a new-looking suit and tie that didn't seem to match his grim expression.  Once he had seated himself, Lou said: "Hello."
"Said that She couldn't get rid of me, and asked me to help in the garden.  I did and I got to climb the trees.  Sometimes She'd pick me up and spin me in the air.  Always said 'round and round like a teddy bear' then."  The poor grammar merely heightened the clipped tone of his voice.  "She'd touch me between my legs. A little each time."
Sherlock was apparently up all night playing music, or at least for most of it, because every time John woke up, even for a minute or two, he could hear the violin downstairs. He only noticed it had stopped when he was woken up by Sherlock barging into his room and telling him to get dressed quickly because Lestrade wanted to see them at the Yard.
He shook his head.  "No.  The first time he talked to her, when she was still in hospital, he didn't even bring the subject up.  I think that was what made her trust him."
"You'll be recording the talk I have with Moira tomorrow. I strongly doubt that she'll want you physically present, so you'll have to stand outside the room. Also, I'd like to talk to her father again, and that will be taped too, but you can sit there the whole time."
"What happened?"
"No," he said.  "I don't know if I would have said anything if someone had asked me.  Do you have any brothers or sisters?"
Mari's smile flattened. "Yes. He walked into my husband's bedroom when he was a teenager. Unfortunately his mum was in there as well."
"What would you do on those occasions?"
"Fish and chips, of course.  My oldest grandchild is coming by and she's always been a fan of my fish."  She handed the bag to John and then patted him on the shoulder.  "Now keep me updated on whatever Dana Lester's been up to; it's not very fair if I don't get to find out the end of the mystery.  You boys take care."
This is grooming, plain and simple. K didn't have any interest in dogs any more than drawing or insects. In all those cases she just figured out the things the child liked and learned about them as well as got various items that would interest said child.
"Sad," said Mr. Aherne, a frown on his face.  "Moira is shy but she's usually quite content.  Around May she started having crying spells.  Just crying uncontrollably for a few minutes every day.  Nothing I said could make her stop.  She still wouldn't tell me what was wrong.  I keep telling myself now that I should have done something more, should have asked her more.  I did ask if she wanted to talk to a doctor, but she screamed hysterically when I mentioned it."
John remembered Sherlock's fury from when he had first talked to Phillip and how he had held back that rage until he was out of Phillip's sight.  He mentally counted to ten before he began to reply.  "Sherlock.  You were four years old.  Even if you told her to do that and demanded it, she's the one who knew it was wrong."
"So it would surprise you to hear that Dr. Martin said you both tried to do the same things?"
"People want... company," Phillip muttered.  "It's not like I don't know that there are lots of people like Her."
It was like he had flipped a switch.  In a second Sherlock went from blank to furious.  He thrust himself off the couch and in two long strides he was standing in front of John, looking down at him menacingly.  "You know nothing about any of this!  Nothing!  Don't you dare to say 'I know you're in pain!' because you can't even understand part of it!"
The not very big room had a buffet table in the middle and two tables with long benches flanking it.  Only two people were in the room, a woman in her sixties and a young-looking man, sitting next to each other.  The woman had a mug of coffee or tea in front of her, the man had a plate piled high with hardboiled eggs, sausages, a hefty hunk of bread and a large glass of chocolate milk.
Clark reluctantly went up to the stand.  John looked at his watch and realized there was very little time left for today.  Clark had probably hoped that he wouldn't have to cross-examine Mrs. Murray until tomorrow.  "Hello," he said flatly.
"I tell him I don't know or I don't remember. But it's even harder there."
"A pair of knickers.  The girl said hi to me first.  I didn't."
“I was tired of getting teased there.  The kids asked me all sorts of things about my broken arm and when I wouldn’t say how I’d got it they’d make all sorts of nasty things up.  I went to the park and sat in the shelter I used to hide under.  I’d have stayed there all day but a police officer came by and asked me why I wasn’t in school.  When I didn’t say anything he took me down to the station.  As soon as I got there this other man asked who I was and when I told him my name he said that he needed to talk to me.  I got really scared then because I was sure he was going to arrest me.”
"Mary Morstan."  She handed Sherlock a slip of paper.  "That has my number and email.  Please tell me as soon as you find anything."  She smiled at them again, turned to the door, and left.
It was only after he spoke that John was reminded that today was a Friday.  Phillip would have to come back on Monday for the cross-examination.  Unlike yesterday, he left quickly, feeling anxious.  He hailed a cab and headed back home.  Conversations with Sherlock from before floated into his mind, and he prayed that once he got there Sherlock would not have done anything stupid.
"What did you do?"
“Are you going to find the person who hurt my sister?” he asked without preamble.
"Sometimes."
"Jordan Ping Yu.  Ginger too, but he's also part Chinese.  Big hazel eyes.  His story's a little like Moira Aherne's.  Moved here from the States.  His mother's out of the picture and dad works a lot.   He went to Bart's about ten years ago for a physical shortly after they entered the country, and I think you can guess who the doctor was.  He told us they 'had a relationship' - his words, not mine - until he and his father moved to Hong Kong two years later.  He's nineteen now, and he came here to visit a relative of his father's two months ago.  Saw some of the media coverage of the case and rang us the same day."  Lestrade sounded a lot less hassled relating Jordan's story.  No doubt this was because he was another stranger to all of them.  "Victims Fourteen and Fifteen are siblings, Omowunmi and Isiaka Ehiwenma."
"Did your mother say anything about that?"
"When your father took you and your siblings to the hospital, you told him and the police that nothing had happened and no one hurt you."  Clark's segue seemed abrupt, unlike Lou's smooth transitions.
"Why do you think he has PTSD, then?"
"He knows that, but it still gets to him at times."
At this point John figured it would be easier on all of them to change the subject.  "When was the last time you slept?"  It wasn't that he didn't want to encourage Sherlock to talk about K, because he wanted him to.
"Because someone I knew talked to Mummy."  Sherlock's use of the childish term combined with the stuffed animal in his hands made him seem even more vulnerable.
"You can buy boxes of butterflies online, and you can let them out at the end!  They show pictures and everything!"  The man's enthusiasm radiated through every word.
"Then please tell me why you brought this up."
"No, thank God.  Moira certainly did though; she froze once the lights came on and only pointed at someone when she seemed sure no one could see her."
Sherlock is talking about himself here as well as Phillip, although I didn't think that would be obvious to readers at that point.
"Yes," John firmly replied. "All this... helped." A thought occurred to him and before he could think twice he asked: "Peter and Mari both said that their spouse was abused by a woman. How often do you see that?"
Sherlock was still in bed when John woke up in the morning.  He lay flat on his back, Hamish clutched to his chest, staring at the ceiling.  "Morning," John said, hoping to at least get a response.
"When do you want to talk to Moira again?" He was looking directly at John. "Will it be at home or should I bring her here?"
"I'd brought some books and a picture of our family, which she was happy to get, but she did seem more anxious.  Jumped every time someone came in."
"Little things.  A few colored pencils on the floor, the sheets on the bed smelling like they'd been just washed, bottles of squash and lemonade, biscuit wrappers."  She paused.  "But nothing that indicated anyone lived there for a long period of time.  The fridge rarely had anything in it.  There was no microwave or kettle, no toaster."
“Why?”
"My throat closes up around the words and I can't say it."
"I hope so.  I wish she'd thought to plea before all the victims had to testify, though."  He downed the tea in a few gulps.
With Her it was a little different, of course. She had squash and biscuits and ice creams, and things he never had at home, like spaghetti hoops and and hot dogs. He'd liked those, once. And She'd always seemed pleased when he cleaned his plate.
"On the other kids She brought to Her flat, yeah."  Phillip shrunk down further in his chair, leaning away from Harvey.
"It's not unexpected if you do, of course.  When She said you couldn't make me do anything, that was true."  Sherlock spoke so rapidly that he seemed on the verge of hysteria.  "I chose to keep going back there.  I truly could have resisted if I disliked the sexual contact.  If any of this came to light it would not be favorable to the case."  Even as he said it he removed his hand from John's shoulder and shrank back against the end of the sofa.
"I think I'll go back to my - the bedroom."  Sitting in there reading was less stressful than having to interact with someone he hardly knew.  "I might go to bed early."
"No one but you was listening, then." Mari and Peter laughed.
"You said you love your daughter." Harvey sounded low and mocking.
"Is she in this courtroom?"
"The day before at Her flat we had a fight.  I'd seen Her for a couple of months and everything we did was starting to get scary.  It was scary before too but now it just got worse.  Things I'd had to put in Her She wanted to put in me.  I finally said I was going to tell me dad about Her.  She said She knew where I lived and if I told him She'd kill him.  I said She was lying and I left.  The next night I heard Her tap on the window.  I opened it and She gave me a meatball I was supposed to give to Rory and I let him eat it.  She came in through the window then and said if I yelled She'd put poison in me dad's sugar for his coffee."  A few people actually gasped as they heard this, and John heard someone head up the aisle and out the door.
"You can tell him," said Moira.  Whatever it was she clearly knew about it.
"She's not the person you were talking about when you said someone else visited you, though, right?" he said.
"Wait up for the rest of us," Mr. Aherne called to her.  The remaining three members of the family came to stand next to her.  "Good to see you," Mr. Aherne said to John.
Sherlock could obviously walk around the plane, but he wouldn't have a clue what he was supposed to be looking for.  "I'm Sherlock Holmes," came out of his mouth before he could think about it.
"Did you know I used to play the clarinet?"  John sat himself down on the sofa.
"If he did I wouldn't have any other friends.  At least that's what I thought at first."
His only response was to mumble something John couldn't make out.  John suspected at this point that he couldn't offer a reason for them being different and it was simply a matter of emotional reasoning.  That of course didn't make things better; in fact if there wasn't any logic that would convince Sherlock that they were not in fact different he had no idea how to go about doing so.  "Think about how you would feel if Phillip said something like that.  That's how I feel right now."
"It'd be good if we got a few hours of sleep," John agreed, tapping Sherlock's shoulder as he turned to leave.
"Strings attached," Sherlock put it.
"What's different besides that?"
"I want a biscuit!" she protested.
“Did you know K would be coming to see you tonight?”
"When did she get back?"
"How many of those tenants were already living there when you began to manage the property?"
"I thought he'd be happier.  From what little he's said to me he was terrified of that woman."
“Tell me what you mean by that.”
"Thank you, I suppose." As John got up to leave, Lou called back to him.
"Since I was taken off the case." He placed his head down on Hamish.
"At the same time?"
"And?" John asked, guessing there was more to it.
The look on his face went from suspicion to worry.  "What was the first navigational aid to be installed on most airplanes?"
Without thinking much about it, he shut down the laptop and drifted back towards his room. He flopped down on the bed. He stared at the ceiling and wondered if Victor Trevor had tried to message him again.
"You can call me any time you like, Phillip.  I would like to hear from you again."  When Phillip heard Sherlock speak, he turned to face him.  He didn't say anything, but he nodded before turning to leave.  Sherlock then stood by the window and watched him as he descended the steps and walked towards the Tube station.  Only when Phillip was out of sight did he speak again.  "I presume most of what you've brought with you is of a delicate nature?"  He sat down in the chair Phillip had been sitting in.
"Good.  Do you want some tea?"
"No.  I observed several things about her and deduced that."  Sherlock was now closer to his normal self, obviously more relaxed.  "Her father hadn't done it - she initiated affection with him because she knew he wouldn't do anything she didn't want.  She had a family picture there to remind herself that her family would be harmed if she said anything."
“What did he do?”
"Consulting detective."
"How old do you think he was?"
Later that night, he awoke to a cry.  It wasn’t precisely a scream, but a quieter wordless expression of distress.  At first he wondered if he had dreamed it, but when it was quickly followed by another John jumped out of bed and raced downstairs.  Sherlock had left his door open and he was thrashing about in his bed.  "Sherlock?" John asked as he stepped into the room, the light from the hall enabling him to see inside.
"When did you know that K was the same person as the one you knew before?"  He was sure that Sherlock had figured it out some time before, but had never said so.
"Yes, it is. No, it doesn't."
"What's the postcode? I'm not familiar with a Fitton."
"I climbed up in the tree for some time.  When I wanted to get down I put my arms out and She picked me up and put me on the ground."  He'd sounded flat before, but a hint of sadness had crept in.  "Then She... put Her hand... down the front of my trousers.  She rubbed and asked how it felt.  I said it felt good.  She asked me if I wanted Her to stop and I said no."  That admission was apparently too much for Sherlock; he pulled himself away from John and curled up at the other end of the couch.
"Did you mean it?" Sherlock suddenly asked.
A thousand responses stuck in John's throat, among them, "That you were hurt so badly," "That you're in so much pain," "That you were so desperate for love," and "Because I care about you."  He finally said: "Drink your tea."
"No, he's here all day. He only leaves to get Kieran and Dierdre from school and when he has to go to bed."
"I'm glad we understand each other."  The man stepped away from the doorway and presumably went off to get ready for his day.
"Right before I left for uni I realized I didn't really need it, so I gave it and a bunch of other toys to charity."  John hadn't thought about that toy in years.  "Not that everyone does.  Harry's still got the lamb she had as a kid.  She's said she's going to be buried with it."
Sherlock ignored the comment. "Is he one of the children you think was involved?"
"How have you been doing?"
"He's sleeping on a case?"
"That I probably didn't remember it, but when I'd first met Her I'd tried to get Her to touch me between my legs.  That when I'd come over to Her house I'd try to get Her to do that and more.  That She finally let me because She thought I'd hurt someone else if I didn't get what I wanted."  Sherlock turned his head to face the inside of the witness box.  "That She thought I needed to get it out more and if I didn't I'd hurt someone.  So that's why She brought me there with the girl."
Sherlock is on his own during John's meeting; he reflects on the past.
"Tell me about that."
"John."
"She had reportedly been in that flat and had a receipt in Her purse that gave Her real name.  At the very least it needed to be investigated."
"No, She left because of what Mummy had told Her.  Victor had spoken to Mummy before that."  In stark contrast to his brother, Sherlock sounded flat and emotionless.  "You know as well as I do that Craig was gay.  He only married Her so he could get his inheritance.  He told me that She said She wasn't interested in dating anyone anyway, so they might as well be together."
"Unfortunately, yes," Susan replied.  "The parents have almost no education at all.  Both from families where everyone did manual labor all their lives.  They've got six children and Victim Ten, the eldest... well, you'll see."  All three of them began to walk up the stairs and into the courthouse.  "They're driving here in their van."
When the prompt on the kink meme struck me, I decided to stay anon at first. I wasn't sure if I'd complete the story at all or even get past a few parts, so I felt that if I did that there'd be less expectation.
"No place good, but I figure you need him for something.  He won't like it much but he'll be mostly back by now."  The kid gestured to him, and when John followed he was led through a maze of alleys and back roads that eventually wound up in front of one of the saddest looking squats he had seen in a long time.  "Come on in." He went into the center one and John followed him.  Inside it was cleaner than he thought it would be from the outside; clearly used and dirty, but not inch tall layers of grime.  A few people were sleeping, or passed out from drug use, he couldn't tell which.
The scene was abruptly broken by Lestrade poking his head into the room.  "Are you finished in there?  I've finished going through the file with Mr. Aherne."  At that point he noticed the stuffed bee and his eyebrows drew together.  "What is that?" he said, confused.
"Yes."
Sherlock made a noise of acknowledgement. "Agra doesn't appear to have a formal date of foundation.  It was first mentioned in 1080."
"Then it's great that Snoopadoop likes you!  She likes everyone, though.  Except Mum when she tries to trim her nails."
"And what are your sisters' names?"
"Why are all the curtains drawn on that ground floor flat?  Is the renter a night shift worker?"  He sounded like he had no idea who lived there himself, and was just asking because he was curious.
"Do you know where this person lives?"
John was late from getting back from his group. He always returned home promptly; therefore Sherlock knew something had come up that couldn't be helped. The clinic directed all emergency patients to A&E, so it couldn't be that. Normally he would have spent time ruling out anything else, but he was too tired to do that. John clearly liked going to the group and looked forward to the meetings. At first Sherlock had assumed John would invite him to it, or even worse, make him come, but that hadn't happened. If it had he would -
"Did She have something that She wanted to tell you?"
Sherlock doubted the psychiatrist took him at his word. "Why is that?"
"Why have most of the children you've looked after come into care in the first place?"
"Sort of."
"Was this the same person who broke your arm?" There was another long period of silence. "Should I take that as a yes?"
"Absolutely.  I always tell them I won't get angry with them if they tell me the truth."
"All but once."  Victor looked at Lou, looked at the jury, and sighed once again.
"Then why didn't you ever mention Dr. Martin to him?"
Harvey looked frustrated.  "Did you know that Mr. Holmes had been previously associated with who your daughter had picked out of the lineup?"
"John? How are you?" She sat in a nearby chair.
“I’m not sure.  A while.”
"Yes.  I didn't think much of it at the time but it'd have helped our testimony some."
"After a point they said that she clearly wasn't going to tell anyone and questioning her wasn't doing any good."
"We're here to talk to Lestrade. Now please let us pass." Sherlock walked past her, John following. John was most astonished by the fact that he hadn't started an argument with her, or even been dismissive of her failed attempt to get Moira to talk. But on this case, everyone seemed astonished with Sherlock. And of course only John and Mycroft knew why. It was a club he wished he didn't belong to.
After showering and getting dressed, he went downstairs.  Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, although whether that was because he was still in his room or because he had taken off earlier he didn't know.  Maybe he had already headed out to view the area that flat was in.  Whatever the reason, he was glad for the quiet as he made tea and several slices of toast.
The man seemed happy enough to change the subject.  “Skip bought them.”  He then launched into a long, implausible-sounding story about a dead sheep being bought as a gift, a swarm of bees, a ring, and geese going through a metal detector at an airport.  “So he bought the goose who ate the ring, and it came out later, of course, but he bought another one because geese get lonely by themselves and Douglas let them live in his back garden until Skip got his own place with one, except he moved in with Douglas so they never moved.”
"Not everything."  The audience laughed again.
Phillip spoke again, hesitantly.  "She did that the whole time I was in Her lap and I didn't say anything about it because I didn't want to get up.  Finally She said She had to go back to work, and I got up and went back home."
