A warm, fuzzy feeling begins to spread from his middle, like a warm drink on a cold day. His heartbeat speeds up. Swallowing, he looks away from the grave intensity of Sherlock’s gaze on him. “Maybe I’m just not as strong as you,” he mutters.
“And you did what? Method acting to fit in?”
“No, Sherlock, I don’t think it has,” John argued sternly. “That’s what’s been bothering you so much, isn’t it? For some reason, after all this time, your father has decided he wants to talk to you, right? And to make sure you’ll be there, your brother and perhaps also your mum arranged it, dragged you to Switzerland and then ... did you actually see him there? Or did you find out the reason for the summons and fled? Don’t you think it’s time to ... don’t know ... make peace?”
“Do you want me to ask round here, too?” enquires John.
“Rubbish. Eat a pie. My treat. I doubt we’ll have another chance to eat tonight.”
“Are you done?” he then asks, nodding at their empty plates. John takes a last swig of his tea, makes a face at the bitterness of the dregs, then nods and stands.
“You said you could drive,” says Sherlock at the front door.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine. Here’s the juice.”
“Think about it, John. I’m not a child. I can look after myself. While I appreciate your care and concern to a certain extent, I resent molly-coddling in any form. And what I resent even more is petty jealousy.”
“We did,” says Turing. “We read their communications for a few days, and more importantly solved their
She, John and Sherlock are sitting in the B&B’s dining room. The Tanners have gone all-out with their meal, a proper roast with all the trimmings. Despite a substantial breakfast back at his parents’ house and a pastry and coffee in Hereford, Sherlock digs in again. After all, John seems to appreciate it. The food is good – all sourced locally and organically, their hosts ensure them, the beef having been produced at the farm Barbara runs with the help of a friend.
John was sure he was blushing scarlet. “Yeah. That. Either. Both. Don’t know.”
Before the riders of Team Speedy’s are allowed to disperse and spend the remainder of the rest day as they please, they have to participate in one more official appointment: another promotional photoshoot, this time on the famous Boulevard des Pyrénées in Pau. Bordered by representative 19th-century buildings and the Château de Pau to the north, lined with flower-beds and shadowed by palm trees, the broad street overlooks the Gave de Pau river to its other side while another fifty kilometres further south the jagged, partly snow-covered peaks of the Pyrenees form a spectacular view.
He clears his throat. “Given the fact that my brother deemed it necessary to bring it over personally, thus indicating a very high level of security, the envelope contains an electronic, intricately coded device with information about Mary and your daughter.”
John grinned when he noticed what was going on near the floor where Sherlock was crouching. Three brown heads were bent down towards him, and three sets of soft nostrils were nosing at his hair and coat. One horse even started to experimentally nibble on his hair. Sherlock didn’t even seem to notice, bent intently over his magnifier and holding up various dry stalks and leaves to study them.
This chapter has three illustrations because I couldn't decide which scene to draw. They are "In battle (1 and 2)" and "In the bathroom".
“Because you wanted to make an impression on Hereford Police and hence needed your armour. I’m glad you let me pack some jeans and a jumper for you.”
“A swim, now?” John gazes at his watch. “Wouldn’t the pool be closed at this time?”
Sherlock shrugged, looking smug all the same, though. “That’d be one possible explanation for their vested interest in it, wouldn’t it? Suffolk, and this part of it in particular, is known for its ancient grave-sites. The old burial ground at Sutton Hoo is just down the road, only a few miles away. There was word that more finds have recently been made at sites near Rendlesham. Another ship burial was found at Snape.”
“Your legs are killing you.”
“Well, okay then,” he muttered, trying to keep the dejection out of his voice and make it sound matter-of-factly. “It was just a trial, after all.” Giving Sherlock a brief smile, he leaned back against the headboard and ran a hand through his hair.
John laughs. “Yeah, so will I, but I doubt I’ll manage much more than
“I was wondering if you could help me for a moment. There’s a lightbulb needs changing in my kitchen, and I’m not good with heights so I can’t climb on the ladder.”
Sherlock seemed to have been completely lost in the thought – it actually amazed John how he had been able to navigate London’s streets so impeccably with his mind far away, but surmised that he must have been on autopilot. Sherlock halted abruptly, staring at John. John used this moment to drag him into the park and shut the gate behind them with a clang.
The hooded figure looks up from rummaging in the bag and grins up at the others, holding up a croissant before taking a bite. He’s a man of undefinable age. John assumes he looks a lot older than he actually is with his lined face and matted beard.
He handed the parcel over. Sherlock held it up carefully and examined it from various angles.
“What a mess,” muttered John, anger at his own stupidity nagging at him. “Sorry I let him escape, Sherlock. I almost had him, but then he cut across me and Tjálga. She reared and jumped out of reflex. But she landed unevenly and stumbled and that threw me off her back. I flew quite a bit, judging from where the machine crashed and where I ended up after my tumble. The driver must have run away. Sorry. Not one of my brightest ideas, all this.”
Despite repeated breakaway attempts over the first few kilometres, the sprinter-teams in the peloton manage to control the race so that the first two ascents of the day, the fourth category Col du Marais and the third category Côte du Bouchet with its highest elevation Mount Charvin at 931 m are passed in the large group. There is an intermediate sprint at the base of the descent at Faverges after almost forty kilometres into the race. The sprint points are won by those who dared the most during the downhill flight: Sören Fantoft of Team Arla comes first, followed by Mark Morstan and Team Speedy’s own Harry Lyons.
But first he has to sit through dinner, apparently. John is rather insistent that he settles down at a table in one of the corners while he sets out to fetch them drinks and order meals. He soon returns with a pint of ale for himself and something clear and golden for Sherlock, who eyes his glass doubtfully.
“You’ll be fine, Molly,” John tells her. “Don’t make yourself smaller and less important than you are. If this case has shown anything, it’s that without you and the other women involved in it, things would look a lot darker. Sherlock and I and all the other men, we must be grateful to all you clerks and radio operators and archive personnel. As mundane as your tasks and positions seem, without you, this war would have been lost before it even really began.”
But the paper ... yes, he noticed that, too. Whenever he needs it, the roll is almost empty, even when he began a new one only a short while earlier. Something odd is going on, it seems. He smiles into the steam rising from his mug. Finally, something interesting is happening around here.
“Does she have a lover?” Daniel blurts out, suddenly looking a lot less sure of himself.
he then thought.
A lanky figure dressed all in black has emerged from the funicular station. His face is mostly hidden by a woollen hat, sunglasses and the turned-up collar of his jacket. John recognises Wiggins’ gait and the way he holds himself. Sherlock texts him their location. John is please to note that obviously, Wiggins didn’t recognise them initially. He scurries over, all the time gazing around nervously.
Watson smiles good-naturedly. “No, it really doesn’t.
“You and your obsession with tanlines,” said John with a smile, intrigued and strangely touched by Sherlock’s deduction. “Why do my tanlines make me look dangerous?”
Sherlock squeezes his hand. “Thank you, John. But perhaps we should wait until Paris before going altogether public. I don’t trust the recent tabloid goodwill towards us. I suspect the wolves lie in wait for the time trial. It’s their last opportunity to get at me. I’m in fifth place now. I don’t think tomorrow’s stage will mess with the general classification. It should be one for the sprinters. So everything rests on Saturday.”
The illustration for this chapter is called "
He woke with a start, tangled in his duvet. He could not recall having had a nightmare, although he memory of disquieting and upsetting images lingered. His mobile showed 2:32 am, meaning he had slept for over three hours. Just as he was about to return the phone to his bedside table and settle down again, he became aware of the half open door and a shadow lingering next to it.
“I’m impressed, Sherlock,” muttered John. “Such self-control.” He raised his hand again. Sherlock tensed in preparation of another touch to his side, but John surprised him by very lightly sliding his hand down Sherlock’s throat, his fingertips rasping over faint stubble. Sherlock kept his mouth shut, not even a gasp issuing from it, but John felt him swallow hard. He had to do the same, his throat suddenly dry as his eyes fixed on the mole next to Sherlock’s adam’s apple. John felt a sudden urge to kiss that spot. He resisted, barely, lifting his gaze to Sherlock’s instead. Not that it helped much to dampen his arousal.
“Well? Which one?” enquires Riley. “After all, you must have trained extremely hard to be in form for this Tour. It’s a marvel you have been doing this well. Clearly, you’re in excellent shape. Wouldn’t it be logical to make use of that and ride the Vuelta or some smaller races?”
“You’re impossible.”
“Arnold arrived yesterday, we met here. I don’t know about the neighbours ...”
Now he does stand, his chair scraping over the tiled floor. His expression is carefully neutral, but Sherlock can sense the tension in his compact form.
thinks Sherlock crossly. Something of his consternation must have shown in his face, because the other raises his hands in a soothing gesture. “Sorry, didn’t mean to be so forward, but you look like you could do with a bite. Or two.”
John remembered the conversation, but more vividly he recalled the image of his flatmate stretched out on the couch wearing black cycling shorts and a tight blue and black jersey, his long (shaved) legs dangling over the arm of the sofa, the garments clinging to his lean frame and leaving very little to the imagination. The view had done funny things to John's stomach, things he didn’t want to contemplate too deeply.
“Christ, I need sleep,” he yawns, “or else I won’t be able to do much of anything tomorrow. Want the bathroom first?”
“What’s so strange about the name, then?” John wanted to know.
“You can tell him, Sherlock,” says Tiffany softly. “Better have it out now.”
She nods, looking uncertain, though. He empties the mug, hands it back to her. “Thank you. I have to be off now. Forgot my riding crop.”
Sherlock scoffs. “He wasn’t wearing a pin-striped three-piece suit and a sour expression, that Father Christmas, was he?”
“Is this going to be another piece in your collection of evidence of me being awkward with animals?” he asked when John exited the car. John could tell that he was pretending offence but was secretly flattered and somewhat amused.
About half an hour later, they set out towards the centre of Saint Michel. Already temperatures seemed higher than the previous day although the time was not much later. The air had a sticky, muggy quality to it. John didn’t recall any mention of rain from yesterday’s weather forecast, but the air seemed more humid. John hoped it was going to feel less so once they had left the town behind.
Sherlock pretends to be busy looking something up on the computer. His ears, however, are flaming red. “Well, yes, obviously I need yours, too, because I’ve got two devices.”
“And you wouldn’t mind seeing the content without the wrappings, right? And touch it, maybe?” If possible, Sherlock’s ears turned even redder. He gave a tiny nod. John smiled.
“What about the Windmill?” asks Sherlock.
Again, silence. John sighed and swallowed. There was always the possibility that Sherlock didn’t have the phone at hand or was simply too busy or too lazy to get it, but something told John that this time that wasn’t the reason.
“I’ll let the police know not to investigate him further.”
Mounting proved painful and difficult, but with Sherlock giving him a hand up, John managed. Cradling his left arm to his abdomen, he held the reins only lightly with his right, hoping that there wasn’t going to be much steering required on the way back. Sherlock mounted as well. “Do you want me to take your reins?”
“You wish I’d been more careful?”
John takes a deep breath. “A stage win would be nice, preferably after a breakaway. That’s my specialty, after all. There are a few stages where I might stand a chance, but I’m a realist, too. I don’t really believe it’s going to happen.”
Sherlock frowns at him. “Are you done listing my disfigurements?” He sounds petulant, but John detects a glint in his eyes. He is amused as well, thank God, and perhaps even a little pleased.
John saw how Sherlock sat up straighter, his slightly bored and impatient expression suddenly alert.
“There was no need to send the cavalry after me, John,” said Sherlock reproachfully while struggling to pull off his gloves.
“Writing,” pants John, “playing your violin, gripping the handlebars of your bike, steepled under your chin in your thinking pose ...”
“Better leave him in there for the rest of the day,” he hears Tom say. “That way, we won’t have to drag the Freak along. Whose idea was it to invite him to your birthday, anyway, Dan?”
“Off with you?” Sherlock wants to know.
” Sherlock’s mock threat is cut short by John tackling him and throwing him onto the bed. The breath is knocked out of him when he hits the mattress with John on top of him, pinning him down and beginning to attack his sides relentlessly while sucking on the spot where throat meets collarbone. Sherlock makes an embarrassing sound, his hips jerking up, his groin seeking friction. John grins against his skin. “You were saying, love?” he teases.
Soon, Sherlock lost any sense of time. While they were still passing through London, Lestrade had tried to make polite conversation, enquiring about John’s time abroad and how he had fared ever since he left Bletchley three years ago. But it soon became obvious that John was in no mood to talk. He answered a few questions, but in a surficial kind of way. Lestrade got the hint. He stopped talking altogether once they’d crossed the river and were passing through Greenwich. Sherlock was dying to learn more about what had befallen John, particularly after the point when their communication had ceased in spring, but he knew that now was neither the time nor place for it.
He wakes again almost three hours later, covered by the duvet again. It’s too warm given his additional layer of clothing and he is sweating. Sherlock is sitting at the small table already dressed for breakfast, toothbrush forgotten in his mouth, watching something on his laptop. John clears his throat. “Morning. Got some sleep?”
keeping him informed about everything happening during a stage in real time. Without that connection, riders had to rely on instinct, their guts and their legs. Team strategy existed, but its implementation was far freer and dependent on individual initiative. Breakaway attempts were honoured with success more often than nowadays because teams didn’t know when to start chasing an escapee and frequently did so too late.
“Will you want to stop at kissing forever?”
Behind him, a woman sniffles loudly. Sherlock hasn’t really paid attention to the lyrics of the song, but he has caught the main drift. Something about deep and abiding love. Sentiment. He’s about to scoff in derision when his eyes fall on John again and he feels the habitual stab in his stomach area. Sentiment indeed. And apparently not even he is immune to its poisonous snares.
“We do not know the circumstances of her demise yet,” Sherlock tells her, deciding not to divulge any information about the cyanide and the fact that some indices point towards Jennifer Wilson having been murdered. “It could have been an accident. She might have tried to take the shortcut through the quarry and tripped and fell. Drowned in the pond, something like that. They police will have to look into the matter.”
“Yes. And no spinning,” adds John sadly. “How dull.” He smiles up at Sherlock, and stepping a little closer to him, he says in a low voice, “God, I wish we could dance right now. I’d love to dance with you, like we did under the apple trees. I’d even forgo the grotesque figures and the spinning.”
“I don’t.” John draws up the stool in front of the sink. “Sit down. Er ... are you warm enough in your towel or would you prefer some clothes?”
He has to be careful not to enjoy it too much lest it be withdrawn. “She was indeed a suffragette. Which would have been all right. You know, I’m all for women voting and all that. But she was one of those going about it the wrong way, using violence. And she wasn’t on hunger-strike.”
“Shut up.”
“Some, yes. When I lie very still, nothing hurts, which I count as progress. You?”
“Should be fine,” replied John. “I’ll gladly take the Voltarol, and perhaps a painkiller if things get worse, but I think a hot shower will take the worst off the pain.”
She smiled. “Precisely. Not that I need another city smart-arse to try and boss me around, but a job’s a job. I’m outside getting the car and trailer ready. Come once you’re done. Oh, Sherlock asked whether I had any Ordnance Survey maps of the area. I have one of Woodbridge as far as Framlingham in the car which you are welcome to take, and there should be others in the drawers over there. Hiking maps, too. Have a look. You’re welcome to pack some snacks as well, whatever you find over there – she pointed at the counter. “Since that detective of yours eschewed breakfast this morning,” she added with a wink, and left.
“Any further ideas in the florist case?” he asked.
Sherlock is confused. “What does that mean?”
Smiling, Sherlock shifts closer and lowers his voice. “Precisely. Victor also said he had a little gift for us but was reluctant to say what it is. He said it’d all be revealed tomorrow.”
“Depends,” replied Sherlock absently. “Unless it was crafted very skilfully, it seems we can increasingly rule out murder.”
a tiny, tiny voice announces another option. Sherlock silences it. He believes in science. Miracles have no part in this. And yet ... It’s Christmas, after all.
Sherlock holds up a hand to forestall him, but next to him, John shakes his head. “Let him say his bit,” he insists quietly.
“How do we get to Waterloo?” John wants to know as they exit the station. “It’s a fair way. Shall we take the Tube?”
Sherlock winks at him. John finds him particularly lovely like this: dishevelled, his cheeks flushed and his eyes bright from a good orgasm, loose and mischievous and happy. “Oh, you know. Putting up shelves, and other ... DIY. I may extend the manual. Feel free to add some instructions, too.”
“Understood,” Sherlock and John reply simultaneously, before grinning at each other. John licks his lips, and Sherlock believes he knows what the other is thinking. Sharing a cell with John Watson wouldn’t be too bad, since sharing any room whatsoever with John is good.
“What?”
When he has disappeared through the door, John raises an eyebrow at Sherlock. “Interesting company you keep. What was that last bit about? I hope not what I think it was.”
“Not really, no. What substances were those, and what did you do with them?”
“You think the locals want to get rid of them and have therefore been sabotaging his and his fiancée’s businesses – and damaged their cars and stuff? Hereford Police seemed to think he trashed his car on his own, and that his row with his fiancée was a simple domestic. They didn’t seem to take things too seriously.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We were all far enough away, luckily. It must have been a small bomb only. Sadly, one tends to find lots of them that haven’t exploded. They even found some in Buckingham Palace.”
“Yes, we’re fine.”
, where that chap gets stuck in a time loop.”
“But?” demands Sherlock. “Spit it out, Lestrade.”
Victor flashes a brief smile Sherlock, squeezes his hand once more and lets go. “I’ll text you,” he says as he turns and vanishes in the crowd.
“Ready?”
“Thanks, Mike, I will,” replies Watson.
Most of the people milling about appear to be villagers: elderly men and women clad in old woollen jackets and knit jumpers, colourful aprons and headscarves. A few younger women are among them, their work clothes borrowed and ill-fitting in some cases. Some look like city folk with their pale, untanned features and ungainly way of working in rough boots when usually they balance on high heels. One young woman even wears earrings and lipstick.
“What festival?” Kit wants to know.
With that, he turned and strode off. John expected him to bolt down the stairs and out of the front door, but surprisingly, Sherlock steered towards his room, where he spent a short while, apparently to fetch something. Then he left via the other door and stomp down the stairs.
“Didn’t stop you before.”
“Well, bring them on, then. Can’t be worse than that cat jumper I saw on the internet.”
“And what became clear to you?” asked John gently.
John stares at her. The option of giving up hadn’t even entered his mind. “Of course.”
“I did. I told him to sort things out between you as soon as possible. And now I’m going to throw him out of our room to have a quick shower. Good luck, John.”
“Exactly. We couldn’t be sure of the link at the time and did not really see the need to investigate, but I did have suspicions about Ms. Adler’s true fate even then.”
John smiles at him. “Yeah, I guess so. Would you be willing to engage in a congratulatory hug?”
Sherlock smiles. “Certainly. But when this particular question came up, I just put ‘no’, meaning they couldn’t charge me.”
“Something like that. I concentrate on other things, although today it seems to be more persistent. I might have to use cold water, too.”
“There are a few garderobe hooks near the door,” Sherlock informs him, “in case you want to get rid of your hat and jacket. Better come in civilian clothing tomorrow. Uniforms aren’t often seen round here, for security reasons. Also, as you can see, nobody bothers with formalities anyway.” He indicates his own shirt with the top buttons opened and the sleeves rolled up, and the fact he’s not even wearing a waistcoat or sleeveless jumper over it to cover his braces.
Sherlock sighs and nods. “Yes. I’m leaving tomorrow.”
Sherlock’s gaze, however, is drawn eastward. It is with some trepidation that he lets his eyes follow the grassy ridge of the Down, and he can’t help a low gasp escaping him when he sees Chanctonbury Ring. He must have swayed, even, because suddenly, he feels a warm hand in his back between his shoulder blades, steadying him.
John nods darkly at the memory. He’d almost won the prestigious stage. It was the first time he really felt his age and lack of end-speed was impairing him. As usual, the winds on the summit of Mont Ventoux had been criminally strong, and he’d just not managed to ride any faster, even the extra motivation and adrenaline that came with a part of the peloton chasing him. He’d won the red number that day and had enjoyed extra screen time for his long solo struggle uphill – a consolation prize. Sherlock’s last words cut through his contemplations. He turns to him.
“If she peeked round the curtain, then yes. So what? You’ve seen me naked, half of Harrow has seen me naked back when some boys in my houses decided to hide my clothes after football practise. Half the staff of Buckingham palace has seen me in only a sheet, and if the Queen looked at the security footage, so has she.”
A metallic
“Yes. Naked performance dance, mostly.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, scratching the back of his head with the tip of the bow. “I still do, which precisely was the problem. I took two draughts and nearly threw up because of the associations the taste brought. It did make me sick. So I burned them. I also didn’t want you to find them, but you came back too early.”
Harry smiles. “Brilliant. Want any of these?” He indicates cheese-filled tortellini.
“Jesus, really?” asks John, his eye wide. “You think Churchill sacrificed the city to keep all of this here secret? You knew about Coventry?”
“But?”
He gave John a long glance. “Did you?”
Sherlock swallows hard as he watches him. “No, you’re not,” he agrees quietly. Biting his lip, he asks. “You really mean what you said about me?”
“Well, I’m sure Mrs H. would be very pleased to discover black satin pants in the washing, or something along the lines.”
“You can make yourself scarce,” growls Seb after a long drag on his cigarette. With that, he blows a cloud of tobacco smoke into Sherlock’s face and turns to leave. Sherlock takes a deep breath before he can help himself, feeling the familiar rush when the nicotine enters his lungs. He appreciates the high quality of the tobacco before scolding himself about his relapse. The craving is still there, it seems, and he wonders whether it’ll ever go away.
poisoned. There is no good pill. Somehow, Hope has made himself immune, possibly has an antidote on him or has even swallowed it pre-emptively. That’s how he always wins. Sherlock gazes towards John, nods to signal to him that he understands. That was the missing piece, the one bit of information that had eluded him before. Strangely, he never asked for a toxicology report of Hope’s body in the past. After all, the cause of death had clearly been a gunshot wound. And of course, it took John, Sherlock’s conductor of light, to make the solution to this particular riddle visible.
With a nod at John and a rather more unfriendly scowl at Sherlock, Mr. Suffield withdraws and moves down the stairs. His wife remains hovering in the doorway with an air of indecision, until Molly steps to her and squeezes her shoulder. “We can really manage, Mrs. Suffield. You can trust Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson.”
“Sure?” It’s true, for someone who sped into a barbed wire fence at 60 kmh or more, Sherlock looks as if he’s been extremely lucky.
“Fuck off,” he returns, grinning as well. “We’re much alike in that respect, aren’t we?”
marked, but not explicitly described as a barrow. Still, to find out about such things, a visit to a local library or historian might have been helpful, or simply by paying attention to old folk tales and ghost stories which are often linked to or inspired by features of the countryside, particularly unusual ones.”
Sherlock laughs softly. “How incredibly sentimental of you, John. The fish need to eat as well.”
John smiles and pockets the stone. “Years ago, when I was a kid, we spent two summers in the Lake District. I remember collecting all kinds of stones back then. But I never found any fossils.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows drew together at that. He looked almost shocked as he swallowed slightly.
now, aren’t you? Bit of a warning, Watson, in case you actually consider starting something with this one? He likes to pretend and lead people on, and then chicken out when things get serious.”
“What? Showering with another bloke?”
“About time, then,” replies John, smiling in what he hopes is a reassuring manner. “Listen, Sherlock, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable, and I’m certainly not making fun of you. What you said, about the things that you find stimulating ... Actually, they sounded really nice. Thoughtful. Not what an ordinary bloke would have replied, but then again, you aren’t. Ordinary, I mean. You’re quite extraordinary, and I mean this in a total not-hitting-on-you way.” He reaches up to run a hand through his hair, winces because unthinking, he used his dominant left hand with the injured elbow and shoulder, and huffs. “And I think I’d better shut up now.”
John laughed happily. “Show off,” he scolded. He sighed, rubbing Sherlock’s shoulders and back affectionately before stroking his hair, his hand wandering towards Sherlock’s nape and the curl that lived there to entice John to want to touch or kiss it.
John enquired about what happened. The reply was delivered in rapid, heavily accented English and plenty of gesticulation. Apparently they had wanted to tackle the Col de la Madeleine but had been forced to turn round halfway because of the weather. They had wanted to take the train back from La Chambre at the foot of the Col, but had found the service to be suspended due to some repair works on the tracks. Thus, they had cycled back to Saint Michel on the main road up the Arc valley and had received a full shower on the way. About five kilometres from their destination, a lorry driving irresponsibly fast had caused two of them to crash, one, Marco, badly. He had insisted on continuing, though, and here they were. They hadn’t even managed to get the driver’s licence number.
As they dismounted and John looked for something to tie the horses’ reins to, a woman emerged from the house carrying a bowl of onion and carrot parings. She had greying hair caught in a loose braid, and wore the exact clothes John would have depicted her in based on Katie’s description: a woollen jumper, likely self-knitted, linen trousers with a floral batik pattern, a striped apron, and wooden clocks over hand-knitted socks.
“Want me to read some more?” he asked.
“Sure.” Lestrade withdrew his mobile and after a bit of searching, held it out to John. Immediately the doctor’s face split into a warm smile. There was Sherlock ascending a staircase with his left hand gripping the iron railing, while with the other he was trying to pluck a climbing kitten from the front of his coat. Three more were peeping out of the large pockets of the beloved Belstaff. He was followed by John softly smiling to himself.
“I’m okay, Greg,” replies John when he has caught his breath a little. “I’ll manage. Keep me in the loop of how Sherlock’s doing, okay? Gonna continue at my own pace now.”
“Forget it.”
“Oh yes. Here. Aren’t they fabulous?”
Ricoletti has stood up abruptly. He empties his glass his a gulp and sets it down quite forcefully on the table, motioning to Trevor to get up as well. Fratelli rises, too, stepping over to Ricoletti and speaking quickly and urgently to him. The other shakes his head firmly, grabs what looks like his phone from the table and stalks off. Trevor shrugs at the others and hastens after him. Fratelli turns to the other two and lifts his shoulders, before resuming his seat and finishing his cocktail. Moran picks up the bag, looks inside and says something to the others who laugh.
“This is a bit awkward,” he says.
She laughs softly. “Oh, Mr. Holmes, it must be so comfortable, so comforting to see the world like this. Black and White. Good and Evil.”
“Sometimes, John Watson, you are quite brilliant.”
Running the hand that wasn’t holding Tjálga’s reins through his damp hair, he cast another glance round the improvised stable until they came to rest on the foal which was nosing at his jacket. It looked undamaged and well-cared for, the coat glossy and shining as if it had been brushed recently. There were no tangles in mane or tail, no obvious injuries. Even the hooves looked like they had been polished not long ago. Whoever had abducted it hadn’t wanted to hurt or kill it, nor take it away to sell it on because then surely they wouldn’t have gone into the trouble of setting up this new abode. Still, likely the bunker was supposed to be temporary accommodation only. Surely one couldn’t keep the animal here throughout the winter. But for a few days ... certainly. So, whoever had taken it had wanted to ... do what? Remove it from the farm, quickly? Why? And why bring it here? Surely there were many other farms around where it could have been stabled more comfortably. So the venture had to be kept secret. For what purpose? And from whom?
Sherlock bit his lip. “I recall that you touched me. There was kissing, too. you did something with your tongue in my mouth, like last night, when you ... when you sucked on mine.” He swallowed. “I think I’d like you to do that again, and more. Also ... perhaps we should get rid of our clothes.”
John braked too, hard, his stomach jumping slightly when he felt he rear wheel lose grip on the slippery surface of the road. But he regained control over his bike, coming to a halt next to Sherlock. The detective was lying on his side in the leafy mud next to the tarmac, his feet still fixed to the pedals, looking a bit like a large dark beetle upended helplessly on its back. With one hand he was trying to lift the bike off himself, while with the other he was warding off a small fluffy dog trying to get close enough to lick his face. Sherlock didn’t seem hurt despite falling over but he did appear to be genuinely angry. The animal, some kind of terrier, was unperturbed by the animosity, barking excitedly and jumping around Sherlock, a few leaves caught in its long coat. John estimated that most likely the dog, running around unleashed, had dashed out of the thicket to the right side of the track and surprised Sherlock who’d in turn had pulled both brakes, stopped dead or slipped, and failing to free his feet of the pedals had fallen over. On one occasion this had happened to John, too, his fall albeit not caused by canine interference, and he knew that in most cases a fall like this was more embarrassing than dangerous.
“Yes.”
“What is it?”
“We’ll have Moran transferred down to Scotland Yard later today,” Lestrade informs him, sinking into the chair behind the desk and reaching for a stack of forms and a pen. He briefly considers using the typewriter, but then decides to fill in the forms by hand.
“So you’re his …,” began Ivan.
he thinks, gripping the handlebars and bracing himself for the inevitable. A thin layer of loose gravel on the asphalt does the rest: his velocity carries him straight ahead out of the 180 degree bend, through a – fortunate – gap in the crash barrier, down a rocky slope and into a thick nest of high grasses and other vegetation. His front wheel gets stuck somewhere, he somersaults, his feet still attached to his pedals, and slithers to a stop in a sweet-smelling bed of herbs and grasses with his bike on top of him.
The kettle starts to boil
“And you’re sure she’s up there? I mean, it’s rather remote and all that.”
“At least she’s likely to appreciate them.”
In Mycroft’s study, he sinks into the leather-upholstered desk chair and props up his injured leg on the desk in an act of rebellion against the orderly state of his surroundings. He tells the phone operator to connect him to his billet at Bletchley. Shortly afterwards, Mrs. Turner greets him cheerfully on the other end of the line.
John wipes some crumps from the corner of his mouth. “Come on, let’s get you to hospital. Where are you going to take him? Chelsea?”
“Found anything?”
“No need to be modest, John. And now, good night.”
“I’ve only had a cursory glance at the file myself,” explains Lestrade. “Interesting read?”
“I’ve brought the book,” John announces after a moment’s comfortable silence.
Sherlock couldn’t care less, although he does understand the danger of being too reliant on the Transatlantic convoys and their cargoes. His daily work is mostly concerned with their protection. Without decrypting the Kriegsmarine’s communications to learn about the position of their dreaded U-boats, far more allied ships would have been sunk in recent years, losing not only lives, but vital cargo, too. Hitler is trying to starve England out of the war, and so far his top man in the Atlantic, Großadmiral Dönitz, seems to be doing a good job.
John was cursing when he trudged down the stairs to inform Sherlock of the delay, to find him conversing with the Italians who had just opened the garage and were putting their bikes in.
“You might want to check, though,” Sherlock now suggested slyly.
Angling for his phone, he finds a text message from his brother. He rolls his eyes. Typical. Of course Mycroft has learned of the Warringtons’ predicament and Sherlock’s involvement in the case, and felt the need to poke his nose into the matter. Always the interfering git, Mycroft.
he catches himself thinking while he steals a furtive glance at John, who, judging by his rapt gaze, is enjoying the display. The thought surprises him, and he ruminates over it for a moment. Maybe, he muses, he is more queer than he’s been aware of, although the thought of engaging in anything other than watching with someone other than John does not hold any appeal for him.
Sherlock smiled wryly. “Since they don’t particularly like me and most of them still resent me for my alleged involvement in the Richard Brook mystery, I thought it preferable and more expedient if they received the information from a trusted colleague instead of a ‘rogue vigilante’.”
“Didn’t you hear me?”
“Wrong. I wore my suit by the time the meeting commenced. You’re right about Harrow, though. I didn’t have a choice because all my clothes and my towel had been stolen.”
With that, he stomps down the steps again, muttering under his breath.
Sherlock was standing with their bikes and looking back over the road they had come. John stepped up next to him. “Amazing view, isn’t it?” he mused. “And to think we struggled up all those bends by ourselves. I’ll never again complain about going up to Hampstead.”
“How could she have broken his neck, Sherlock? Have you looked at her? She’s small and frail. Mrs. Hudson looks like Hulk compared to her. It takes considerable strength to break a person’s neck, and the right technique, too, even when it’s already damaged.”
, his phone announced when he had almost reached his destination and he had signal again down below. He grinned broadly. Gosh, Sherlock was really overdoing the dating thing, wasn’t he? Then again he rarely did anything by half.
“One of the blokes from Take That.”
John shook his head. “No, but I always wanted to. Stephen King once said that he considers this film the best adaptation of any of his works. Don’t know whether the book is anything like the movie, though. I first watched it when it was shown at the cinema, back in ‘87 or ‘88. There was a girl in my class I was interested in at the time, Claire I think was her name. Yeah, right, Claire Munnings. She was totally hooked on River Phoenix and wanted to see the film because of him. So I took her. Proved a good decision, too, because by the end of it she was crying and needed someone to comfort her. Previously she hadn’t really let me touch her, but after the movie she was very eager to cry into my jumper and for me to hug her.”
For a while he just lay cocooned in the warmth of his bed, absently watching the sunny stripes distort the pattern of Mrs. Hudson’s 1970s style wallpaper. He relished the thought that he didn’t have to work this Sunday. Traffic up and down Baker Street was very moderate, and even down on busy Marylebone Road only a soft hum hinted at cars going to and fro. The wind was still strong, gusty blasts sighing outside the window and tearing at Speedy’s awning down below, but thankfully they weren’t of the same force as the ferocious St. Jude storm last Monday. The flat was quiet apart from a soft gurgling in the pipes. Apparently the heating was struggling again. They really needed someone to have a look at it before winter arrived, particularly if that turned out to be as cold and snowy as the last.
The others laugh. Dimmock claps John’s shoulder amicably. “Never thought you’d be the one to fall for another bloke, though, John.”
Wiggins sighs, gazing unseeing at the splendid alpine panorama extending to all sides. “He knows things,” he replies ominously. “Personal stuff. Stuff you wouldn’t want to see published anywhere, wouldn’t even want your friends or family to know. Also ...,” he gives John and Sherlock a long, thoughtful glance, before apparently making up his mind about something, nodding to himself and continuing, “also there are certain practices inside the team ... It’s all hush hush, but if they became known ...”
“Perhaps Kerke wasn’t the intended victim,” ventured Dimmock. “The killer may have simply hit the wrong person, either because they confused him, or the shot went wild.”
Sherlock looked doubtful for a moment. “No. I will. But rein me in should I overstep some social boundaries.”
“What does?” enquires Sherlock.
, the famous climbers of the Tour the France, and how he’d been present when Richard Virenque wore the polka-dot jersey at Alpe d’Huez ten years ago, and that after the Galibier they had to attempt the twenty-one hairpin bends of this famous climb. John only understood half of his talk, his French functional at best, but Sherlock struck up a lively conversation during their short ride in his fluent, almost flawless French.
“Not at all. Please recount what happened yesterday afternoon, while the Millers were away. Did you notice anything unusual?”
“And get your head bashed in while doing so.”
“Not surprising,” remarks John. “But ... er ... it’s reawakened now, has it? Your libido?”
John sobers up a little. “Speaking of bed ...,” he begins, cocking his head slightly to study Sherlock. “You know that I won’t ever make any demands that you feel you can’t or don’t want to act on, right? You said you rarely feel attraction to people, and I know that in general, you don’t like to be touched. I did have the impression that you enjoyed what we just did, but it doesn’t ever have to become more than that, you know. We can stop at kissing and sleeping together – as in actually sleeping, not as in sex – and I’ll be more than content.”
“They don’t,” said Sherlock. “In fact, Mummy will be delighted that I’ve found a friend at last – more than a friend, too,” he added in a low voice which made John cast down his eyes and lick his lips, looking a little flustered, but touched and pleased all the same.
, obviously,” he says quickly. “Perhaps not for a long while. I ... I’m not quite sure yet what I’ll be comfortable with. But I’d like to try. With you. If you’re willing.”
Together they ascended the stairs, but when John had reached the landing and was about to open the door to their living room, he felt Sherlock’s hand on his arm. An instant later the rest of consulting detective followed, crowding him against the wall. Sherlock’s eyes were dark. John swallowed at the intensity of his expression.
John started, shifting his gaze from the window.
“Hello Tiffany, hey Sherlock,” John greets them as he bends down to untie the reflector band on his lower leg. “What are you two doing?”
Again there is artwork for the chapter:
Sherlock beamed at him. “Then let me try with my right.”
For a moment John was taken aback by the directness of the question, but then shook his head vehemently. “No. I hated the pain, but I also treasured every moment I’d been allowed to spend with you.”
Sherlock nodded, a fell glint in his eyes. “Bottom of the Atlantic. I dropped the fellow's competitors a hint. They took care of the matter. The man had been on their list for a long time, and what I told them tipped the scales against him. I think Mycroft had a subtle hand in it as well. As you can imagine, he didn’t take lightly to his favourite brother being molested by some drug-baron. I think my special friend encountered trouble with his boat on his way back to Bogotá and the infamous Bermuda Triangle claimed yet another unfortunate victim.”
John nodded and rejoined Sherlock outside the kitchen. The fruit in his hand felt funny because it was covered in fine hairs like fur. It looked like a yellow pear, and emitted the fresh, slightly resinous scent he had marvelled about earlier. Sherlock handed him an open pocket knife.
Sherlock snatched it from his brother’s hand and opened it. John stepped closer to look over his arm. On top of a substantial stack of papers was the photograph of a man.
“Says he who skipped lunch,” counters Sherlock. “Moreover, Mrs. Hudson insisted on me having a slice of toast for breakfast, and I couldn’t refuse her.” Still, to humour John (and because he really is hungry), he takes one of the almond biscuits and nibbles at it, before pushing the plate back to John with a stern but inviting glance. John holds his eyes for a moment, before smiling softly and helping himself.
John gazes at the moderate traffic, mostly pedestrian. Sherlock studies his surroundings as well. Many buses have been roped into the war effort, and there isn’t enough fuel to have all of them running, anyway. Private cars are few, as are cabs. A number of buildings show signs of bomb damage, many more are boarded up with sandbags and heavy blackout shutters to protect the windows. Sleepy Bletchley feels like a different, bright and peaceful world in comparison.
John smiles wryly. “That’s because we had a good day, weather-wise, when he tried out the stage, particularly on the
Compared to the drivers they usually encountered on London’s roads, most people here were rather considerate of cyclists, swerving wide enough not to endanger them and reducing speed before overtaking. They were used to lots of riders on the roads, at least in summer. This driver was no exception. He even cheered them on through the open window of his batty Renault. John grinned and waved back.
He sighed, straightening his jacket. “Come on, the sooner we face him, the sooner we can be rid of him.”
Because there is no denying it any more. He has completely and utterly fallen in love with John Watson. What a bloody mess.
“Yes, you are. Here, blow your nose. And go and apologise to him. After all, you’ll be sharing a room – actually, a bed,” a small, amused twitch of her mouth, “tonight. He said something about meeting Molly after his massage and before dinner.”
“Is that unusual?” asked Sherlock.
“Wow, that must have been nerve-wracking,” says Kit. “Imagine the stress.”
John draws a ragged breath, before with a last, horrified glance at the blood-stained towel at Sherlock’s throat, he flees into the kitchen. There, Sherlock’s command still echoing in his mind, he fills and switches on the kettle, before bracing both arms against the counter to keep them from trembling. Letting his head droop between them, he forces himself to breathe calmly. It’s hard work. He realises he’s been skirting on the edges of this panic attack ever since Sherlock’s disappearance yesterday. He managed to keep it at bay by occupying himself, by having tasks on his hands: searching for Sherlock, rescuing him, looking after him. He’s been running on adrenaline and little else all day. It was bound to ebb away eventually.
“I didn’t exactly offer to buy you one. I suggested you should get one. You look as if you need one. Non-alcoholic, of course. That said, I could do with something to drink myself.” He nods towards the small kiosk that has opened on the afterdeck. “Coming?”
John holds up a hand, clearly embarrassed.
John felt the blood rush into his face as he gazed at Sherlock expectantly and with no little trepidation. The other, however, looked completely stricken, his expression frozen. He stayed like this for a long time, only blinking once.
Sherlock feels his lips narrow. “Upstairs?”
Inevitably, most of the reporters’ attention is on Sherlock. John can tell that he is working hard to remain civil at their more insistent, asinine or private questions, but he manages to not insult or verbally eviscerate anybody throughout his grilling.
Sherlock is welcomed with great cheer in the tent. Nobody seems to care that he hasn’t won the stage. Rather, the team is celebrating his ascent into the top five of the general classification. Soon, with only Moriarty left on the road and approaching the finish, the top ten of the stage are clear: Victor, Sherlock, Wilkes, Magnussen, Ricoletti, Baskerville, Kit, Lachapelle, Picard (a rider from the French Team Orange) and Moriarty. In the GC, Magnussen Jr. narrowly takes yellow, beating runner up Sebastian Wilkes by a second and half. Behind them are Baskerville, who rode a surprisingly fast time trial, Ricoletti, Sherlock and Moriarty, but all of them within a time difference of under two minutes. Everybody expects the rankings to change again the following day when the most prestigious and arguably hardest of the three Pyrenee stages is up.
The two sisters exchange a glance and a smile. “We’re just glad to have the two of you back in one piece, dear,” says Mrs. Hudson. “And national heroes, too, from what the papers say. That Lord Moran, he seems to be a nasty chap. And that man, Brook, who attacked poor Miss Connolly ... Knocked out with a shovel. Good riddance, I say.”
“This opens whole new possibilities,” muses Sherlock, touching his mole gingerly.
, which ran from 1984 – 1986. Personally, I prefer the seasons with Michael Praed as Robin to those with Jason Connery. Sherlock, clearly, does the same. Interestingly, in the show, Little John was played by Clive Mantle – Dr. Frankland in "The Hounds of Baskerville".
Sherlock frowns. He hasn’t taken logistics into account, but then nods. “Yes.”
, thought John grimly.
John stares at him. “You mean ... now?”
John nods darkly. “Yes, I know. Even though he’s officially our ally and we should be thankful for the Russians keeping the Germans occupied on the Eastern Front, I have the feeling that in truth, Stalin isn’t much better than Hitler.”
“I didn’t
“Insurance fraud?” mused Sherlock.
“You know who that is?”
, and now he’ll have to wait until the new phone arrives, or will have to use his laptop to download the ebook again. He mentions this to John, who chuckles.
Sherlock nods, hanging his head, kicking at a small green apple lying in the grass. “They hate me.”
“There was nothing ‘exclusive’ about his companionship,” Sherlock corrected him curtly. “I never experienced him without a girlfriend of sorts. But you are right, I’d grown … used to him.”
John saw his eyes narrow as he took in the distraught wife. He wondered whether she might have had an interest. Life insurance, perhaps. According to her, they had been married for over forty years, and had brought up two children together who now lived up in Birmingham and Coventry with their own families.
Some of Sherlock’s distress must have been visible in his form, because suddenly there’s John’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently. Sherlock’s head spins round and his eyes fix on it. He tenses. Carefully, John lowers his hand again.
“Ah.”
“I know. Any chance of more of your wonderful honey bars? Sherlock gave me one and it was great. Really helped on the road today when I was feeling a bit shit.”
Apparently, Team Speedy’s is not the only team using the Boulevard des Pyrénées for a photo opportunity. Not far away from their group, John spots two other teams, also in their official outfits, posing for photos and interacting with fans, and even giving interviews. One, Team Shad Sanderson, is surrounded by reporters, obviously holding their press conference outside for maximum effect due to the magnificent visuals of the mountain backdrop. John watches them for a while. They’re too far away to catch their words. Naturally, as the defending Tour champion, most attention is focused on Sebastian Wilkes. John doesn’t want to imagine the pressure that rests on him. Wilkes is a good time trialist who could potentially make good time in the GC on the second to last day. But that would be risky, and even then he’d have to ride well tomorrow, or better launch an attack on the current man in yellow, Moriarty. Wilkes has a strong team, but they’ve had to work hard already on a number of stages due to the bad luck trailing Shad Sanderson – helped along by sabotage, John assumes. John isn’t a huge friend of Wilkes, particularly after what Sherlock told him of their time at University together. But he’d rather see Wilkes bag a second Tour de France win than Moriarty win even one.
Despite the darkness, John can see Sherlock’s frown. “I told you
Sherlock grins at him before yawning. “Don’t be ridiculous. I simply couldn’t resist your sexy tanlines, John.”
“The UFO incident took place further south and east, if that’s what you’re thinking of. Apparently there is a trail you can hike, and a leaflet from the Forestry Commission detailing what happened. Or is rumoured to have happened. This is quite an interesting area, even without the UFO sightings. There are several army bases around which were very active during World War Two and the Cold War. Radar was invented round here, or so they claim, and they tested aerial bombing and the initiator charges of nuclear bombs down at Orford Ness.”
The boys laugh. “Bad luck for you. We won’t let you out again. You can piss your pants for all that we care.”
Sherlock stares at him. Marriage has always been a remote concept to him, something that happens to other people. Until a few days ago, he never imagined himself being actively involved in a relationship. And now here he is with the man who means everything to him, who ... has just proposed? Has he? Was that what John’s words imply. There are of course no legal grounds for actually tying the knot, but the intention is there, isn’t it? No registrar would marry them, nor any member of the Church of England. And yet John didn’t just joke around, did he? Nothing in John’s expression and demeanour indicates that his words were lightly spoken. This is ... unexpectedly touching. Something strange and warm blooms in Sherlock’s chest, like a flower the seeds of which have lain in the dark earth for many years and were thought to have perished, and which now produce a fiery shoot. He blinks several times because his eyes have begun to sting. Must have been an insect that flew into one, he tells himself.
“Then of a sudden Victor showed up. I don’t know how he managed to find me, particularly in the state he was in. He wasn’t completely drunk, but obviously had worked hard to eliminate any remainder of pining for his ex with copious amounts of beer and that horrible red stuff that was the fad at parties at the time.”
With any other person, John would be sure that they were flirting with him. But with Sherlock ... He doesn’t do these things, does he? Well, he does flirt, occasionally, but only as a means to an end – to extricate confessions, beguile witnesses or trick criminals. Even his proposal to Janine was a sham (and so, apparently, were his sexual exploits Janine blabbed about to the tabloids). But with John ... there’s definite affection there, John is certain of it, and something deeper and more serious, even. When John was suspected COVID-positive, Sherlock fretted and worried even more than John himself, going out of his way to pester his brother into getting John a quick test which, fortunately, turned out to be negative. In return, Sherlock is going to have to take his parents to a musical, once theatres open again, something he hates but apparently accepted without complaint in exchange for Mycroft pulling some strings. John is pretty convinced by now that Sherlock is in love with him but being who he is and lacking experience in that department, Sherlock doesn’t know how to go about admitting it. So he woos John with music and homecooked meals and increased consideration when it comes to keeping the flat habitable. It’s rather touching, in its way. It’s also incredibly nerve-wracking, because they’ve been like this ever since the first lockdown in spring, and it’s almost Christmas now, and nothing bloody changes.
John froze. Only now that the nerve-wracking noise had been vanquished he fully realised how close to each other they were. This was a far cry from the chaste cuddling of the previous evening. This was Sherlock pressed up again him virtually from head to toe, all lithe and languid and warm. Not good. Or rather: very, very good. Far too good, to be precise. It didn’t take Sherlock Holmes’ deductive skills to notice John’s state for what it was: aroused.
I’d say.”
The evening turns out to be surprisingly enjoyable, not least because the two women occupying their beloved armchairs in front of the fireplace, which forces Sherlock and John to share the squishy sofa. It dips in the middle, and so Sherlock almost sits in John’s lap. Neither of them minds. The conversation is interesting, the Sherry quite nice (although Sherlock is more partial to the biscuits that are served as well), John’s warm leg and side are pressed against his and his scent is heavenly. Sherlock never socialised much with the elderly ladies, much to their chagrin and his own loss, it turns out. After John has entertained them with some stories of his naval adventures, Mrs. Hudson, after two generous glasses of Sherry, opens up about her past as an exotic dancer in one of her late husband’s nightclubs in Chicago.
“I understand your grief about the loss of your shipmates’ lives, Captain,” adds Denniston gently, “but be assured that their sacrifice saved the lives of many more. I cannot stress it enough, but the work we do here at Bletchley is of utmost importance. Even Churchill begins to understand it, although we’re still lacking the support we’d need, isn’t that right, Turing?”
The second drawing is called
“Yeah, that’s the impression I got as well. Wonder if he’s going to meet her after the show.”
“Let’s venture a little deeper into the forest. There used to be a bit of a dip in the middle of the henge. When I was here as a child, we built a little hut out of branches there.”
“I couldn’t catch much. You said my name, and Mrs. Hudson’s. It didn’t sound like a nightmare so I made no attempt at waking you.”
“I ...,” he clears his throat and pulling back his shoulders, draws himself up. “It would be acceptable,” he declares a little stiffly, trying to hide his excitement and trepidation.
“Who are you?” he asks again, taking another step. A chair scrapes over the floor. He can see it actually moving, although it appears to flicker briefly, too, its substantiality varying. Apparently the ... other is getting up. The ice cream tub and mug move over the table, out of Sherlock’s immediate reach. He raises a hand in a pacifying gesture, not sure if the being can see him. “You can keep your ice cream. Who bought that, anyway? Didn’t know we had Ben & Jerry’s.” He casts a quick glance at John who stands in the doorframe. He shakes his head and shrugs.
“Come to think of it,” John went on, “it reminds me of that animated movie I watched on the telly last Boxing Day while at Harry’s. It was something about Vikings and dragons. One of them was this black, cat-like creature. Didn’t talk, it only made snuffly noises and growled. But in retrospect it did look a bit like a salamander with wings. Funny that it should reappear in a dream more than half a year later.”
“Well,” says John, “she claimed that she was trying to make him stop to get out of the car and he refused and accelerated instead, until she had enough, reached over and wrenched in a lower gear to slow the car. I’m no mechanic, but doing that while the car is going at speed should suffice to make it swerve violently and even overturn, and to blow out the engine, depending on the gear. So her account does sound probable, doesn’t it?”
“Apart from you, who is the best time trialist of the current GC top five?” asks John to distract both him and Sherlock.
“But Baker Street lies in altogether the wrong direction,” he complained.
“You don’t give up, do you?” asked Sherlock, but there was the hint of a smile in his eyes.
“What’s this all about, Sherlock?”
They talk easily some more until the song ends and a slow number begins to play – courtesy, John soon realises, of Lachapelle. Immediately, the awkwardness is back. John feels Sherlock tense again, indecision and insecurity shining through his guarded façade. Even though he would have loved to slow-dance with Sherlock and to hold him close, John decides to go easy on him. Nodding towards the bar, he asks, “Want another drink? You must be parched after your show with Mrs. H.. Also, I had a chat with Henry Baskerville that revealed some interesting things.”
“which on the other hand would have accelerated it. As for the cause of her death ….” He indicates to Sherlock to follow his example and smell her.
“Yeah, I think so. It’s better than a hug.” He squeezed Sherlock gently in return. “Thank you.”
So, is this the one. Sherlock observes him closely, barely listening to his words. When Hope makes his ‘move’, he pushes the right-hand bottle towards Sherlock. Is this the ‘good’ bottle, then? The decoy? Does he count on Sherlock taking the one standing closer to Hope – like he did last time – counting on the assumption that Sherlock would suspect him of a double bluff? Hope is a good player. There are no tell-tale signs or movements to determine whether he is lying.
“I didn’t know Molly had it so badly for Sherlock,” confessed John. “She always seemed a bit flustered when he was about, at least before his Fall, but … well, Sherlock does have this effect on people.”
Sherlock can’t help exchange a glance with John. “Well, I might need a place in London after the war,” says John, speaking lightly.
John squeezes him gently. “You would have been our leader, the one to come up with the good plans. Like Hannibal Smith from the
Even in the sparse light falling out of the doorway, Sherlock can see how Jim’s face pales at the mention of the name. He motions to his fellow band members to withdraw and beckons to Lestrade to follow him into the small, walled courtyard where the school’s caretaker keeps some bricks, wooden planks and other building materials for repairs. Jim is nervously blowing smoke from his cigarette. He looks up briefly in a wary, skittish fashion when he spots John and Sherlock approaching. Lestrade nods towards them. “These are Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson, who are assisting the investigation of this case.”
She glanced at John and drew a breath. “Apologies for my occasional bitterness. Just a way of coping, I guess. Some people think that I should cease to mourn him. That I should go out and start dating again, all that. It’s been over a year, they say. But it’s not that easy, you see.”
Sherlock bites his lip, his heart light. “Yes, that would be—”
“They have a will of their own, haven’t they, your curls,” remarks John. He has washed his face and hands and has also flattened his hair. He rearranges his tie as he steps next to Sherlock and gives his appearance a critical look in the mirror. To Sherlock, he looks marvellous, as always.
his hand. It’s up to Sherlock now to do the same.
“How very kind of you, John. Shall we be off, then.”
He hears Sam make a strangled sound. “It’s not Mortimer about to overtake you, John,” they say.
John smiles at him. “No problem. Oh, and concerning the potential arsehole part. We’ve already been through that. You’re not an arsehole, however hard you pretend to be one. No selfish, calculating arse would compose absolutely spectacular violin music for his aching roommate in the middle of the night, just to help him sleep.”
“Don’t worry,” John soothed. “It’s none of our business. None of your friends will learn anything from me or Sherlock. He can be discreet, you know. Although, perhaps you should have a word with Marco about the situation."
“Sure. Night, Greg.”
“Sherlock ... what?”
(See the end of the chapter for
With about four kilometres to go and the pass and the last steep incline already in sight, they paused again. Actually the stop had been unplanned. John had halted repeatedly to take photographs. Every bend of the road and every outcrop of rock offered new, stunning views of the valley of the Valloirette and the surrounding mountains. He also took a few shots of Sherlock as he struggled on ahead, a tiny, blue-black figure against the majestic mountainscape. John wasn’t sure what effect the landscape had on his companion, but he felt extremely humbled, overwhelmed in a respectful, awed sense. Even though the landscape, like the deserts of Afghanistan and indeed the dark backstreets of London was potentially dangerous, right now, in bright sunshine with a few clouds casting shadows over the rocky hillsides, green turfs, and remainders of snow in some crevices and hidden corners, it did not seem very threatening but rather awe-inspiring. And gazing over the road winding like a grey serpent up the mountains and knowing how much of that road they had already climbed by the strength of their own two legs, he felt a considerable measure of pride.
Sherlock wants to find out more about the strange car, but for now it seems prudent to concentrate on the matter at hand, the body. The thought of it fills him with excitement. So what if others consider this tactless and macabre? It’s not that he enjoys people dying per se. It’s just that their remains are so very interesting, and tell so many stories (and hold still during an examination). And if by his interest in human remains he manages to find out how they died and, moreover, if somebody else had a hand in this who then can be brought to justice, well, isn’t that a good thing?
One of John’s hands has moved to his nape to bend his head into a better angle. Sherlock doesn’t object. John is the one with the relevant experience. Sherlock is perfectly happy to follow his lead. And although Sherlock doesn’t have a lot of comparison in the kissing department, he knows that this is a good first kiss. It is slightly awkward as both of them are still trying to find their bearings. Moreover, John must sense that Sherlock barely knows what he’s doing. But John is making soft sounds of enjoyment, there’s a hint of tongue that sends another jolt of hot want through Sherlock’s body, the intensity of which shocks him to his core and leaves him shaky and unable to process a single thought that’s not concerned with John. It’s bliss and torture at the same time.
John could not find anything on the body, either, so he moved on to the woman’s belongings, too. He examined the clothes, looking particularly for animal hairs as a common source for allergens, although he thought it unlikely that the woman had never noticed if she had reacted to pets. Apart from her clothes and shoes, there was only a pair of sunglasses, a used tissue and a labello stick. John picked it up and opened it. It looked new, barely used. It smelled nice, though, particularly in this morgue with its reek of death and disinfectant. ‘Milk and Honey’, it said on the side.
He smiled when a flush crept over Sherlock’s cheeks. “I’m not sure we can do that, John,” he said seriously.
“But true,” stated Sherlock, to John’s slight surprise. “You should hear my brother’s.”
“Well, not regularly. Not as much as I'd like to, anyway. But with a job like this … I do enjoy it, though. Nothing better than a tour after a stressful day, especially when there’s been a lot of paperwork and you had to deal with a lot of bureaucratic idiocy.”
The roads are virtually deserted when the two men cycle down Buckingham Road towards Bletchley. Only a farmer is about with his horse-drawn cart filled with sacks and crates for the apple harvest. The hooves of the large black Shire pulling it are sounding a measured
“The men from Brook Consulting are trying to push ahead with some kind of deal, but their other two are reluctant,” he translates for John. “Ricoletti is clearly anxious and worried, he doesn’t want to look at what’s in the bag, although he’s clearly tempted. Fratelli has something on his phone – pictures and videos judging from the time they took to view them, probably material for potential blackmail.”
He needs this support, now more than ever. Today is not a good day. His legs haven’t recovered during what descents there have been so far. Even though the climbs have been neither long nor steep, at least compared to the Alps, the constant up and down, the many accidents that caused a change of rhythm have taken their toll. John stomach hurts dully. He feels queasy and slightly sick. There’s a chance he hasn’t eaten enough, but he’s not hungry – yet. Normally, when hunger strikes it’s already too late. But the thought of swallowing a dry energy bar or even the – probably squishy – banana he has stuffed into one of the back pockets of his jersey is anything but appealing. He’s almost run out of drink. What is left in his spare bottle is piss-warm and the opposite of refreshing. Two of Team Speedy’s three cars are further ahead, and the third quite a bit behind, held up by a minor accident with another bystander, as John learns via radio. Unless he wants to fall back and wait for it, or get water from the neutral Tour car which also isn’t close, he’ll have to bite back the pain and keep going, catch up with the rest and resupply there.
Sherlock settled back to stare at the ceiling again. “It took place at the end of Easter Term in June at the Sidney Sussex Boat Club’s clubhouse that was shared with Corpus Christi, Girton, and Wolfson boat clubs, meaning lots of people from other colleges were present. The place was packed, the music obnoxiously loud, most people already mostly drunk when we arrived. After watching Victor and his rowing mates get – I think ‘wasted’ is the expression – I fled outside into the garden. There was a fairly quiet spot sheltered by trees. I’d brought a book and had confiscated half a bottle of a fairly decent wine. I don’t remember why I didn’t just return to the college and my room, but the evening was fair and I rather enjoyed watching the cyclists and pedestrians on the other side of the Cam from my hideout, and the fireflies fluttering between the trees and the reeds and grasses on the river’s borders. It was the first time I had seen fireflies in the city, and their presence struck me as fairly remarkable.
“Well, as long as you’re staying with us. We were all a bit concerned yesterday.”
Snow is swirling around them and settling on their hair, scarves and shoulders when they’re on their way back to their car. Walking next to each other, their hands brush ever so often, until Sherlock huffs exasperatedly and grabs John’s hand, intertwining their fingers. John laughs softly, squeezing Sherlock’s hand with his own.
“Well, I’m glad to keep you entertained.”
John swallowed. How had the conversation come to this? “Walking. Running. Talking, once Ella had convinced me that I should. Hanging out with people – even my sister. Working, lots of that. Was this what you were trying to do with your experiment?”
John cuffs his shoulder amicably. “Arse. Why don’t you explain things to me?”
“Well, as I was saying, dull,” he says, hoping his voice sounds steady.
Molly nods, looking nervous. “I can try. I’m not good at talking like that, to important people, too. I mean, why should he listen to me, a mere clerk.”
“Don’t worry, I’m sure your Robert will treat you to Champagne later,” teases Sherlock, making a face when he says the name.
“We had a mutual non-disclosure agreement,” said Sherlock, and to John’s great relief his voice while still hoarse had regained some of its sonority and even petulance.
(See the end of the chapter for
“But you have solved it, Mr. Holmes. She committed suicide. Isn’t that what the coroner found out? Doesn’t the evidence you gathered point that way? That’s all I know, too. I didn’t kill her. Why would I? I loved her.”
“What now, genius?” John enquires between gulps of air.
“Ah, now I understand the careful, even deferential tone of the email. Wonder if the wife knows about her husband’s doings as a child? What kind of disaster?”
Sherlock is about to enquire when John sits up straighter and nods towards the entrance hall below. “Here they are,” he says.
“That’s wonderful, Mrs. Hudson. Have a great time. And don’t buy too much booze.”
“Agreed. We have to get though this one first. Do I get my kiss now or not?”
James laughs again. “Isn’t it always? But you do, don’t you? Love him, I mean.”
Sherlock nodded, swallowed, and then deftly slipped his free hand between John’s legs, causing John to gasp and then groan. “Shit.”
“Stomach samples were taken and analysed in both cases,” explained Sherlock. “One horse, a stallion, died about two months ago, and the mare six days ago. Both samples showed traces of vegetation poisonous for horses, but different toxins in each case. the first sample was processes by the local vet, Dr. Hensley. You should invite him in for questioning, too, because even though he found toxic vegetation which shouldn’t have occurred in the stallion’s fodder, he did not encourage any further investigation. And he should have.”
“It’s Lestrade. A body has been found in Golders Green. Looks like an accident: man fell off ladder while picking fruit in the garden and broke his neck. Seems fairly straightforward. But Lestrade wants me to have a look regardless, to rule out murder – or confirm it.”
John nods and smiles. “They’re always impressive, although what we see over there aren’t even the Alps yet. I sometimes wish we had more time to really enjoy the area, instead of struggling uphill like idiots throughout the days and collapsing into our beds in the evening.”
“If you are looking for labels, I’ve already told you—”
“Want to do it yourself, or may I?” he asked, standing next to the bed and all too aware of the way Sherlock’s eyes roamed over his body. John wasn’t a self-conscious man when it came to being seen in the nude, confident as he was in his own skin. He never had a problem showering with the lads after rugby training, or with his comrades in the army. Now, too, despite the intensity of Sherlock’s scrutiny, he felt reassured that his imperfections would not be seen as flaws. On the contrary, Sherlock appeared more than interested, and John remembered that this was the first time Sherlock saw him completely naked, those instances when he had caught glimpses of him showering through the (not altogether) frosted glass door of the bathroom aside.
Again thank you to all who left kudos or commented, or remarked on the artworks on tumblr. Your feedback is much appreciated. Also appreciated, as always, is rifleman_s' brilliant beta work. Thank you.
The hotel Team CS Media are accommodated in is a historic brick building recently renovated in the Art Deco style, according to Sherlock. It’s situated in a row of similar houses in the old part of the town and looks rather posh and expensive from the outside. In front of the main entrance and reception, on a patio fenced in with potted plants surrounding a modern fountain in the shape of a dark amphora, the party has already begun. Perhaps because it’s outside in view and earshot of the neighbours, or perhaps the CS people are of a different mould than the raucous Arla or Carrefour boys, the celebration is far less exuberant. While music is playing from somebody’s laptop and boxes, it’s rather more atmospheric than fit for dancing. Still, apart from CS team members, John spots a number of riders from other teams, standing or sitting in groups chatting, with mostly non-alcoholic drinks in their hands. He realises that Sherlock (of course) has been right about getting changed. Nobody is wearing sports apparel. Everybody has made a little effort. The overall atmosphere is more of a fancy corporate meeting than an impromptu after-stage victory party. Apparently, the wealthy sponsor of the team has splurged out to reward their efforts. John is glad now that he’s wearing his good jeans and a fresh shirt and has tamed his hair a little – enough to win an appreciative nod from Sherlock when they set out.
His smile grew.
She hangs up, and Sherlock turns to the other two. “It looks as if the noose round our special friend’s neck is getting rather tight now.”
Feeling a shadow fall on him, he squints at Sherlock who is carrying two cappuccinos, balancing cups, saucers, spoons and biscuits elegantly.
ahead, meaning the cars will have to stay way behind the peloton. But if you prefer me not to help out with
“What I need? You’re here. I have everything I’ve ever needed or wanted. Well, apart from that Zeiss microscope, I guess, but I shall have to wait until after the war to obtain one of those.”
John looks alarmed for a moment, but then he begins to grin. “Then you’d be a bloody liar.”
“It’s too vague. But at least we know the car has been in town. Anything else?”
“Is Sherlock Holmes a possible contender for the general classification? After all, he won the white jersey years ago and did really well in the mountains back then.“
“Wow. That’s unexpected. I didn’t really attack that much. It’s probably for that one time I went after Moriarty.”
“Do you think Trevor is behind it?” asks Sally. She looks thunderous, ready to punch a few people and kick their balls to Kingdom Come.
John swallowed. “Yeah, that. Listen, we’ve been there before, this discussion, I mean. And with everything else going on at the moment, it’s certainly not the best time to bring it up again. It’s just .... I kinda feel our of my depth here, so often caught at unawares and not knowing how to react appropriately because I have no idea what you’re on about, what you’re aiming at. What you want, of me, us ... this.”
Daniel shakes his head vigorously. “No. God, no. Vanessa and I have already racked our brains about that. I mean, there’s always the odd instance of colleagues bitching at our respective jobs. Recently, we’d had a bit of contention with the local council concerning the proposal to build a wind farm on the nearby Downs. I mean, we’re both for sustainable energy and all that, but to have these wind turbines right here, on our very doorstep? We were rather active in petitioning against it, and most of the locals joined in for obvious reasons.”
“Well, if he intends to scarper, he must do so on foot, since his car is blocked by mine,” states Lestrade with a grimly satisfied smile. “And if he runs, I’ll have a warrant for him in no time. It could be construed as an admission of guilt, you see.”
“Oh, I’m sure there won’t be any accidents,” says Sherlock calmly. “At least none that couldn’t be explained by natural occurrences during a mountain stage. I’m sure we’ll all be very careful and diligent tomorrow and in the days to come, and try to stick to the rules until we reach Paris.” He inclines his head towards Moriarty, who holds his gaze for a long time before laughing softly to himself.
“Yeah, I know. I was on the receiving end of one of his deductions, too. Not something I’d like to repeat any time soon, even though he got most things right, and it was actually quite impressive. But that boy is head over heels for you, John, I swear. Also, he’s most certainly gay.”
The dull sounds in his present prison remind him of the dreaded clatter of a lock being turned, the clank of a door opening. Footsteps of heavy army boots down a flight of stone steps. The bass of the Techno music ringing from the sentry’s iPod earplugs. The rumble of his captors’ laughter when they conferred in Serbian about what to do to him next. The tingle of a length of chain being picked up to be used as a whip.
“Fuck, yes. Yeah, yeah, I know, another fifty. Sorry.” He turns to Tiffany again, who is smiling tentatively now, looking like a caterpillar wrapped in her blanket, and he smiles as well. “It needs a bit of straightening at your fringe, but it suits you.”
Sherlock nods, his eyes wide. “Don’t stop,” he manages in a heated, broken whisper before his head flops back onto the pillow and he shuts his eyes again, breathing quickly and loudly. One of his hands has relinquished its tight grip on John’s arse and has found its way into John’s hair to pull his head down to his chest again. John shifts his attention to the other nipple now, laving and sucking while simultaneously stroking Sherlock and himself.
About a quarter of an hour later, John carefully puts away the
“Good.”
“It bothered you,” he states.
“When were the other two horses killed?” enquired Havers. “And is there proof that they were murdered indeed, and didn’t just die of natural causes?”
“What did police make of it?” Barbara wants to know.
Sherlock blushes faintly at the implication. John steps closer and touches his cheek. “Thank you, Sherlock. This has been one of the best nights of my life.”
“Sherlock, you okay?” John sounds concerned.
Walking over to the water’s edge, John kneels down and dips in a hand. “It’s icy cold.”
. The straight, cobbled road, constructed during Napoleonic times, cuts through the forest over a length of 2.3 kilometres. It’s narrow, the cobbles irregular (with often some of them missing because they have been dug out as souvenirs), and since the roads descends slightly, during Paris-Roubaix, the passage often becomes the stage for dangerous attacks. John has cycled in the impressive forest many times, mostly in the cold, wet, muddy conditions of the Spring Classics. In 2010, he crashed badly near the end of the passage, shattering his collar-bone and ending his season unexpectedly early. Two years later he managed to attack on the cobbles and break away from the peloton together with three other riders. They managed to reach the Velodrome in Roubaix without getting caught by the main field because it was held up by a crash. John came second that day, ceding victory to a Belgian rider only (who later that year was caught with suspiciously high levels of testosterone in his blood which cast a shadow on his earlier victories and making John the de-facto winner of 2012 Paris-Roubaix). In 2015, John came second again in this northern hell, losing to no other than Mark Morstan, arguably the best sprinter of the past few years.
Sherlock continues, “You didn’t know of her death until the night of the Extravaganza. That was Tuesday. You didn’t attempt to contact her after you parted ways on Sunday night. This indicates that you did argue. So why did she leave the car the night she died? Why didn’t you drop her off at her billet – you were wearing disguise, and an effective one, too, because even I mistook you for a man when you almost ran me over with the Bentley, briefly after parting from Jenny.”
John sighed. “If you must,” he replied, but then smiled when Sherlock’s hand crept tentatively inside the collar of his t-shirt. Again the examination was lengthy yet gentle, even tickling slightly. John caught himself imagining what Sherlock might be like as a lover. Based on the way he kissed, John expected him to be focused and attentive, and very, very thorough. A spike of arousal shot through him and he quickly quelled the thoughts. Now was neither the time nor place to indulge in these things, not when they were sharing a kind of intimacy that had very little to do with sex, and yet seemed far more important for their relationship at this stage.
“How on earth did you find out about the rooms?” asks John as they make their way towards the back of the hotel. Partly cut into the hillside, another, smaller car-park is there, probably for deliveries. A little further, hidden by a partial wall, are rubbish and recycling bins. Two more Brook Consulting team cars are parked here.
, thought John.
“No need to pretend any longer, Doctor Watson,” hisses Sherlock, stabbing his finger at John’s chest. “I understand everything now. Mycroft set you up for this, didn’t he? He is always keen to spy on me, and in the past has installed others in the places where I work and live to ‘watch over me’, as he calls it, which is simply a euphemism for having informants who keep him updated about my doings. And how fitting is this: a damaged naval surgeon in need of a new occupation, a capable doctor a bit down on his luck but affable and friendly enough to worm his way into my good books. Not a bad actor, either, having managed to fool me for so long. So, Doctor Naval Surgeon Captain Watson, what is in it for you? A good pension? The promise of promotion? You can drop the act now and tell me.”
“Of course not. I know you have your sources. How is your dear fiancé, by the way?”
“God, Sherlock, you’re going to be the death of me,” John mutters, his voice tight and hoarse.
Sherlock beamed at him. “After you. It’s time we got out of the rain.”
“I’ll always remember,” promises Sherlock.
“Good luck,” states John dryly. “For the stage as well.”
“You seem awfully cheerful despite the less than ideal conditions today,” Sherlock calls to him.
Slowly feeling his way past another lift shaft, again with its doors removed, he continues to the left until, after another stretch of tiled wall, his hands land on a wooden rail – another bannister, winding upwards. He breathes a sigh of relief. There’s his staircase. He fervently hopes it’s not going to be as long as the one at Covent Garden Station, or, worse, the one at Hampstead. His head is pounding wildly, and he’s still feeling slightly sick, whether due to dehydration and hypoglycaemia, or brought on by his injury he doesn’t know. Still, he will climb these stairs, however long it takes.
Abruptly, his head whipped round to their host. “Katie, do you happen to know whether any of the horses at the Suffolk Punch Trust have been sick lately?” he asked.
John nods. He doesn’t really have a label for himself, either. “Fair enough.”
Drawing himself up from where he was stooping towards the driver, Sherlock glances down at him, smiling dangerously. He has to admit that he is enjoying this tremendously. If only he knew the man’s full name. Ah, but this should be easy to find out. Surely John and Lestrade have asked The Woman about her acquaintance.
“I didn’t say that. It just doesn’t interest me that much, sex and everything to do with it. Never has. Not even as an adolescent.”
“I know you’re here,” says Sherlock, more to himself. Then more loudly, he adds, “Stop hiding. Show yourself.”
Tiffany is sitting with her nose in a book. Her hair has been cut even shorter, the rough fringe and edges straightened, probably by Vanessa herself. Tiffany is still a little pale and she seems to have caught a cold because her nose is red. But she looks fairly content, engrossed in her book. Sherlock catches a glimpse of the cover:
“That’s true. Thank you for your confidence in my abilities.”
Feeling Sherlock’s penetrating eyes on him, John suddenly wonders how much about his guilt Sherlock can read in his features, and what he can deduce from it. Does he even care about John and his problems? Why should he? He seems to care about little else than cycling. Tempted to look away, John nevertheless holds his gaze steadily until he can’t bear the scrutiny any longer, feeling a blush creep into his cheeks. He clears his throat again. “Yeah, well, anyway. Thanks for the suggested modification. Any tips for the bike I’m using for the upcoming flat stages?”
“Nonsense. You would have broken your knuckles or fingers in the process.”
“All the things from the other timeline. The long one, I mean.”
be thanked for your letter, even though it was rather short. Erich sends greetings, as do his parents whom you met at his celebration. He is still in love with his new car. We’ve made some longer trips, to the Mosel river to buy wine – they have some lovely vineyards there. You have to visit again soon, to see my new foals from Diamant and Ariadne, too. How are your stud and your racehorses doing? Oh, I wish I could buy some English Thoroughbreds. They should work well with our Trakehner-horses, what do you think? Sadly, the political situation between our countries is rather tense right now. I hope your Mr. Chamberlain is going to ensure that there is really going to be “Peace in our time”. But let’s not talk about politics. Erich bores me with those lately. He is so often away on party business. One should think he intends to become a politician.
“Yes it is, damn it.”
John therefore texted, then placed the phone on his desk. He stared at it as it lay there, silent, the display dark. No reply. Another patient later he tried again.
“Apparently.”
“Why didn’t you take them yourself?”
“Granted,” Wilcox says from the direction of the door, which now he pushes open completely to reveal him. Her eyes widen when they fall on him, for a moment she seems tempted to turn and run, but then she relaxes again with a sigh and a soft curse.
“Do you mean he only faked his death?” asked John.
As soon as he has closed the door behind him, John turns to Sherlock. “You forgot your adapter?”
“So, do you use it on your legs as well?” teased John.
“I tried not to sleep at all,” Sherlock’s deep voice rumbled suddenly, startling him awake again. “I knew that if I did, the dreams would come, so I tried to avoid it. Most of the time, I succeeded, running myself ragged with long periods of wakefulness with only short naps. Often, I could not risk falling asleep anyway since my whereabouts were not safe. I would watch and hunt for days on end, until my body gave in and I passed out for a while, dreamlessly. Nothing new there, you might think, but it was different. I could not afford to lose time to sleep or to distracting, unsettling dreams. Because for me, the nornal ones were the worst, too. They recalled what I thought I would never have again, either because I failed and you would be killed, or I would die for real myself. Or because upon my return you would not want me back, that you would hate me, and rightly so, for what I had done to you. I dreamt of that a few times: arriving back at Baker Street or meeting you in London, and you telling me that I was dead and had no right to address you anymore. Sometimes you couldn’t see or hear me at all. I was like a ghost, reaching out to you, and you would simply ignore me. Other times, you told me to piss off. And then there were all those dreams in which you died because I had failed. Often I had missed you or your assassin by a hair’s breadth, or you died in hospital and I wasn’t permitted to see you, or I saw myself standing at your grave like you stood on mine.”
“No, can’t risk another fine,” says another. He sounds American. “Drive round the block for a bit. Get us some coffee and a muffin or something. Fuck the boss for sending us down here again at asshole o’clock, before breakfast, too. Should’ve taken care of the jerk right away. Told you this would be extra work.”
“Dunno. He said he spent some time talking via radio, then fiddling with something on his bike. James said it looked odd, and in the light of what happened afterwards, almost suspicious.”
“Too many,” replies Sherlock darkly as they make their way over to the agent, who points to the left. There, a black Rolls-Royce Phantom III is waiting, its lights dimmed but its engine running. Two street urchins, each carrying a small sack they intend to fill with left over fruit from the market stalls at Covent Garden, the halls of which loom up behind the car, have stopped to appreciate the car, but are chased away by the agent as the three men approach. Next to Sherlock, John lets out a long breath.
John must have felt Sherlock’s gaze on him because he turns and smiles wryly. “Almost done. Not sure I entirely trust this towel, though. What did you do to it? Those yellow stains ...”
Sherlock shrugged. “A desperate one.”
Giving John a sideways glance, he smooths some of the folds in his pyjamas. “What happens now?” he asks.
Sherlock made a sound at that, which, to John’s astonishment, Katie picked up. “I have no doubt, and neither do the Millers, that you could make more of the situation. They were very grateful when I told them you’d agreed to help. They want to contact the local police tomorrow morning, but we thought it might be good if you were around to have a look at the site before they arrive. It’s late, and already dark, of course, and we’re aware that the Miller’s own search of the site might have destroyed some evidence or information you need, but if you could come quickly, I’m sure it’d be a huge relief to them. And me, I must admit. I’ve just taken Emma home. She was at a friend’s today, but there’s school tomorrow and that means bed for her. I doubt she’ll sleep much, though. She was very upset by the news. She’d been looking after the foal since its birth.”
“Alun, please, be reasonable,” pleads a female one. “Just let them check you for concussion. You were unconscious, and you’re frozen through.”
“I don’t fantasise when I have to resort to self-stimulation. My thoughts are just a means to an end, just like the movements of my hand, and the purpose is to get rid of the nuisance that is my erection.”
Drying his sticky hand on his pyjamas, he lies spread-eagled, panting for breath. Should he ever get the opportunity to get intimate with John again, he’s going to stick a bloody plaster over the mole or something, to prevent them from being interrupted and him switched back ever again during intercourse. The thought causes him to tether between a hysterical giggle and a desperate sob.
