They're decked out in more fancy-pants crap than Castiel, adorned head to toe in gems and jewels in their high-back chairs, and even though Dean knows this isn't a celebration, one would be hard-pressed to figure that out by the cheering that rises up from the seats of the rounded gallery.
"Your father is asking for you," one of the other guards speaks up, stepping forward as he holsters his gun and clips it in. "I would suggest some haste."
“How do you know about all this stuff, anyway?” Dean asks as he closes his eyes like Susie had him do this morning. This time, he makes sure to seal his lips, too—something Susie
“Seriously, Dean? Can’t you have a guys night?” Anael grumbles, holding her cocktail glass between two fingers and a thumb, her bright purple nails reflecting the low light of the bar. He knows she’s joking, but he still rolls his eyes.
here? Benny said he’d send a nurse, so…” He raises an eyebrow, but Castiel doesn’t bother looking at him as he maneuvers Dean’s arm into the sling.
“Castiel.” Dean gives him a sheepish smile, his cheeks flushed and warm as everything inside him quakes with nerves.
Then, with a deliberation he rarely has in anything he does, he brings his hands up to Castiel's cheeks, taking them in both palms when he doesn't pull away.
“Dean,” a deep, gravelly voice says to his left, and when Dean peels his fingers away from his eyes, he finds Castiel standing there, smiling down at him with a plate in his hands.
“Dean,” Castiel says, finally meeting his gaze, his voice infinitely softer now. “Come with me.” Then he turns away, his shoes clicking across the marble floors on his way to the grand staircase. Dean follows, ignoring the way the rainbow lights dance over his shoes.
“Frank!” Dean booms, holding his hands out to his sides with a wide grin when the head chef steps through the door with the most beautiful cake Dean’s ever seen rolling along on a cart in front of him. “You’re my hero—I mean that.”
Instead of responding, or getting up to leave, Dean lies down on his side, kicking off his mud slattered shoes and snuggling into the soft, squishy cushions with his hands folded beneath his head.
“Alright,” Castiel says, drawing out the word as he watches Dean fidget. “I'll come by later to collect it. Dean, why are you shaking?”
… Dean is defiantly not straight, and neither is Castiel, judging by the way his hands curl around Dean’s waist.
"Will you accept this rose?" More than the fact that he's being offered a rose, Dean's confused by the apology he hears in Castiel's quiet, gravelly voice. He almost doesn't believe it, but it's there, and how can he say anything but yes?
Suddenly, they’re falling, pitching forward with their feet stopped dead. Dean’s breath catches in his throat, and he clings to Castiel as they topple over. Castiel yelps in pain, and Dean hisses when his shoulder cracks against the ice.
With a delicate sigh, she sets down her cutlery and looks around the room before meeting his eyes. “Yes, but this is my duty.” Her voice is stiff and regal, and he can’t believe he didn’t see it before—how her status practically bleeds into the room. It’s not nearly as overt as Castiel’s, but he can see it in how she holds herself—in how she speaks in the most restrained and diplomatic way—and he can’t help but think she’s perfect for Castiel.
. With a few deep, calming breaths, Dean clenches his fists before shaking out his fingers. He's fine—everything is fine.
Even Kelly is out here, her heels tossed aside and her hair tied back. Sarah is across the field, tying her dress up as she shimmies on the spot. Only April sits out, watching with barely-veiled interest from a nearby bench.
“For fuck’s sake,” he huffs, giving up on the door as he turns to the dark passageway, leading God only knows where.
“Cookie! Stop!” Dean yells, but the horse keeps going, galloping across the open field without a care for Dean's shouts. Dean tries kicking her side again, but that does absolutely fuck all, so he wraps his arms around Cookie’s heaving neck and holds on tight, praying for it all to end quickly.
“Right, right—sorry.” She winces at her own mistake and flops back on his unmade bed while he finishes undressing. “So, what happened? You were gone all day and no one heard a peep from anyone.”
Dean's first to breakfast, taking up a spot at random since he's too tired to think it over. He yawns his way through his first cup of coffee, smiling at the man who pours it for him.
Dean nods, distracted as he steps into a pair of dark green pants, trying not to trip as Susie slides them up his legs.
. It’s… it’s— “A library?” Dean looks at Charlie, who is grinning like a kid on Christmas, and Dean can’t even blame her. God, it’s perfect.
“You know me so well,” Dean sighs, taking the plate in hand and trying to ignore the way his fingertips brush over Castiel's. The sweet peach pie practically melts in his mouth and he moans softly, closing his eyes to savor the flaky pastry and sticky syrup. “Best pie I’ve ever had.”
to his prince, not sob all over him. So, he clears his throat and breathes in Castiel's honey-sunshine scent that’s detectable now, with him so close, and finds his calm.
“Past seven. Benny told me you were seen entering the woods, but after that…” He shrugs, a shiver running down Castiel’s spine as a shadow of dread darkens his eyes. “Nothing. You were gone, just like that.”
“Look up,” Charlie says, cutting him off, and he does as he’s told, making sure his bottom lip sticks out far enough for her to see as the pencil pulls at his waterline.
No word from Castiel this morning, or anyone else for that matter. He didn't even show up for breakfast and, even though Dean knows it probably has nothing to do with him, he stills worries that something's wrong and Castiel's avoiding him.
"Ten minutes! This is your ten-minute warning!" Mick calls from his spot on a raised platform, clipboard in hand and headset on.
Pre-come leaks out in a steady stream now, and Dean lets his head fall back on a groan. He tugs at Castiel’s hair, sending pleasure rocketing down his spine and into his erection, which is still stuffed inside his leather pants. It’s a little painful, honestly, with nothing between the sensitive head and the sharp teeth of his zipper, but he ignores it for now, preferring the erratic shift of Dean’s hips as he takes him deeper into his mouth.
Castiel takes a deep, shuddering breath before speaking, and in that time, Dean opens his eyes, determined to face this head-on—to be there for Castiel, should he need him.
The look Castiel gives him shuts him up real fast, but the adorable blush doesn’t go unseen, either, and Dean grins wide and wicked. “I’ll be damned, Cas—you’re a blushing virgin.”
“I asked her to ride ahead to let the camera crew know to start the next interview. We won’t be back in time, so you will need to do it later tonight.” Castiel glances up at him when he speaks, his hair ruffling in the breeze as his eyes shine. Dean can’t help but notice how nice he looks today, in a deep green button-down and a pair of black slacks—as casual as Dean’s sure he gets.
“I feel silly,” Dean whines, still hidden behind the bathroom door, one leather-clad shoulder and a tuft of sun-bleached dirty-blond hair the only parts of him Castiel can see from his spot on the end of their bed.
He's a zombie when the sun rises, dark circles under his eyes and skin sickly pale. Susie scoffs the moment she walks in the room, her nose turning up at his pitiful moan.
“Wow, that’s quite the story,” Meg says, her voice dripping with sarcasm, and Dean’s head snaps up as indignation curls in his stomach. “Anyone else?” She looks around the table. “No one wants to top that tall tale?”
“Please,” Castiel breathes, cutting Dean off. “Please, just do it.” Dean hesitates for a minute, but Castiel’s expression turns into something more desperate as he whispers, “For me?”
“Huh,” Castiel says, nodding as if that makes perfect sense. He slips out of his leather loafers and pulls the new pair on, acting casual and unruffled as always, but Dean catches the little wiggle he gives his toes, the pleased grin at the corners of his lips. “Thank you.”
“Dean,” she says and tries to force a smile, but it doesn’t reach her eyes. Instead of sitting next to him on the floor, she pulls a chair up in front of him. He doesn’t bother looking at her, staring at her knees instead as he waits for her to speak. “I’m sure you know that you’re in a lot of trouble.”
Dean lets out an unflattering groan and stumbles out behind his prince, dragging his feet as the car pulls away.
The car ride back to the palace is quiet, with only the sound of tires bumping along the road to break the silence. Not that he minds, and having Castiel on the bench seat next to him, not quite touching now, makes the short ride feel like no time at all.
“Right away, sir,” Victor says, starting to turn, and Castiel’s eyes snap away for only a second, cutting through the others before coming back to Dean.
With a heavy, drawn-out sigh, Dean concedes. Kind of. “Ten minutes, then I’m going to bed.” Her face brightens for half a second. “I don’t forgive you, Hannah; you were a shit friend, but… ten minutes.” Before he can change his mind, he pushes through his bedroom door with Hannah close behind.
Dean knows he'll have to go back soon. People will look for him, and they'll ask questions, but does he really care? If they ask, does he
April doesn’t bite, turning back on Dean as soon as Charlie stops talking. “So, you have a guard-dog now? Real manly, huh, Dean?” She smirks then, malicious and vengeful without Castiel here. “Wow, you really
“Dean, quit harassing my staff,” Castiel says, not quite so serious now, his own rubber mallet in hand.
Dean's answer is instantaneous—he's been thinking about it for weeks, after all. "I'll join your army."
He's not sure whether he should be comforted by it or not but, somehow, knowing Castiel is actively keeping him near has warmth settling in his stomach.
Dean thinks it might actually taste good if he could taste it at all. Then again, everything in the palace tastes good—even the rabbit food.
He steps back into his room as it all comes to the forefront—all the fear and worry and desperation—bubbling up and spilling out of him in the form of heaving, gasping sobs.
love my sweet little boy? I bet it'll just make that prince love you more." His mom just keeps talking, but the blood freezes in his veins as soon as the words leave her mouth.
“I’ll make sure to have that sorted right away.” That’s it. Dean blinks a few times, startled, and sits back in his seat, deciding to ignore his abruptness and dig into his breakfast with renewed interest as everyone continues to stare, jaws slack with disbelief.
When he’s clean, Susie lets him dry himself off, knowing how much he hates it when she does it—something he will
“I’m thinking…” Dean pretends to contemplate, pulling off his jacket, but leaving the panties on as he crawls under the covers. Then he meets Castiel’s eyes in the dark, and his grin turns wicked. “
Dean shifts in his seat, his eyes scanning the room while he waits. There’s not much that’s recognizable as
How did everything get so bad, so fast? One moment, he’s laughing and smiling with his friends, and the next, he’s here, alone and afraid. Worst of all, he has no idea what’s going to happen. To him, or to his family…
Except… right? Left? He doesn’t remember, but it’s a fifty-fifty shot of getting the right direction either way, right?
“Sit, Dean,” Castiel says, drawing Dean’s attention by throwing his own words back at him in the most adorable way, and that cheeky grin tells him he knows just what he did.
Honestly, it’s kind of fitting that Castiel has a cold because bitch me too. I feel like ass (not COVID, thank god) but hopefully better soon.
It’s been about an hour since Dean watched Castiel lead Jo from the palace, hand hovering over the small of her back, but not quite touching.
“Dean, I—” Castiel cuts himself off, his eyes catching on the cut marring Dean’s cheek. “You’re hurt,” he says, stating the obvious, but Dean doesn’t do anything more than blink.
“If you were allowed to leave the grounds, then yes, but since you have already made a promise to stay put…” Damn him. Dean scowls, his bottom lip sticking out in what he
“I’ve changed my mind, Suse. Take me back.” He looks at her with pleading eyes but she just shakes her head with a grin and glances past him at Castiel. They did this on purpose, Dean knows, and he resents them both for it.
"What?" He straightens up, looking at the other man like he's grown another head. There's no way he heard him right, surely—
And here he is, bored out of his mind, waiting for said prince to get back from his date so he can give him the bad news.
He finds him in moments, across the field with April at his side, her red hair shining in the sun as she laughs a light, floating giggle, only half a step away from Castiel’s side.
“Mr. Winchester,” he says, reaching forward without touching, and the glint in his eyes confuses Dean for only a moment. “Is that mine?”
Dean chances a glance, looking up through his eyelashes, and finds her staring right back. She doesn’t speak, but he hears the threat anyway, clear as day, and when her eyebrows twitch in a
Castiel leads him through rooms and hallways, always looking both ways before stepping into one, almost like a kid playing some kind of game. It's startling to see Castiel so playful, but he follows anyway, keeping close to the swishing mantle while making sure not to step on it.
“They will tell him to convict—not to pardon—because of how it looks to let you off after being accused.” Susie sighs, and it really doesn’t look like she believes the words she’s telling him—that Castiel will let him off despite the duty he’s bound to—and just seeing her doubt, dissipates any hope he had left.
Why couldn’t they just let him go quietly? Is the show really that important that they need to put him through every bit of suffering they can, just to get the viewers? If he had any energy at all, he’d be pissed as all hell, but as it stands, he can’t even summon up the enthusiasm to speak to his friends, who are currently doing their damnedest to cheer him up and make him smile.
“Something to hang myself with,” Dean grumbles, tugging at the soft green fabric as he looks in the mirror. Don’t even get him started on the cream, cable knit sweater, and his jacket? It’s a fucking peacoat. He looks ridiculous.
It's hard to tell what Castiel thinks since he's turned away from Dean, but the soft, apologetic tone of his voice tells Dean that his answer is a decisive
The screen changes to Dean hobbling back to the palace, his knees buckling and left arm clutched close. He’s covered head to toe in mud and blood, smeared together to form quite an unsightly picture. Dean cringes back in his seat, then winces when his shoulder smarts. God, could it get any more embarrassing?
Someone snorts, and Dean shakes his head as the rest of them lose it. They roar with laughter as Dean shakes the flour from his hair—well, tries to anyway, but he’ll definitely be needing a shower.
It’s near-silent inside—a single, panicked voice is the only thing that breaks the quiet—but when Dean is steered forward with a hand between his shoulder blades, the voice cuts off.
Hands clasped behind his back, Castiel saunters closer, his figure-hugging vest doing nothing to stop Dean’s wandering eyes. “Do you really believe you can beat me, Mr. Winchester?” Castiel near purrs, his voice so low, it’s nothing but a low rumble.
Castiel nods again, thanking the magistrate as he takes a step forward, papers in hand. “It is an honor to speak before you today, on the day of my twenty-first birthday.” He smiles, but it’s stiff, and Dean can’t help but feel his discomfort. “Today, I will meet my future companion, which is a gift in itself. Now, I will read the names.”
"Damn straight," he grumbles, but the feeling of Castiel's touch takes the bite from it, and he settles in to watch the horror-show of a trial proceed.
“Your highness,” Benny pants, swallowing hard as he forces the words out. “He's gone. Dean's not in his room—Charlie, either.”
The room is silent, not a peep of noise filling the air—which has been sucked from his lungs—and Dean just stares at the king and queen. King Charles’ face tightens, but a small, reassuring smile turns up the corners of his lips as he gives an almost imperceptible nod.
He jumps to the side, as if avoiding someone, and collides with the dark-haired woman. She's got to be twice his age, at least, but he can't help but notice how beautiful she is with her high cheekbones and dark eyes.
For a second, Dean's heart sinks—he can't go out in that—and his plans for the day crumble at his feet. But, why not? It won't be the first time he's out in the rain, and it's not like he can't bring an umbrella. He's seen them in his closet, and he's pretty sure there's a rain jacket stashed in the back, too.
"You as well," Castiel responds, but he's buried in paperwork once more, and barely notices when Dean slips out of the room.
“I missed you today,” Castiel says, finally turning to Dean with wide blue eyes, shining in the deep, golden lamp light. Simple as anything, like it’s so fucking easy to spill his feelings just like that.
"Good," Dean breathes, the vice grip around his heart loosening as he sags into the wall. "I'm glad the money was there." And he is. He'd give it up any day for his baby brother even if it means he suffers. "Look, Mom, I need to go."
“It’s his job to make me broth when I’m sick, Dean. There’s no reason to feel guilty for asking for it.” Castiel looks at him like he’s the strangest creature he’s ever seen.
"Fuck," he whispers, closing his eyes as a tiny fist thumps on the door. He doesn't have nearly enough energy for this right now.
“That’s my mom!” he shouts, pointing at the screen. How had he not noticed before? The lights—he’s blaming the lights.
Dean’s careful not to drip sauce on the floors as he eats, wiping his mouth, not on his sleeve, but his napkin. You know, like a grownup. He finds himself about halfway up the grand staircase in the entryway, watching the sun filter through the stained-glass windows above the double doors.
“Yeah, I know,” he says, a sigh falling from his lips as he leans back in his chair. Still, it’s going to take some getting used to.
Castiel arches an eyebrow on a half-smirk, his interest piqued as he steps more firmly into the room with Kelly on his heels. "Is that your presentation?" Castiel asks, pointing to the little book. "What is it about?"
“The video footage is pretty undeniable.” Castiel shuffles his feet, his little bumblebee slippers squishing on Dean's floor, as his smile starts to falter.
Murmurs of acknowledgement go up around the room, but Dean's already too distracted by the idea forming in his mind. Excitement bubbles up inside him as it all fits together. God, he could do this! He could
When Castiel shakes his head again, Dean takes it as a refusal, and his stomach sinks to his shoes. Castiel's not going to tell him—he's making his choice, and it's not Dean.
Dean is almost disappointed when the towncar pulls up outside the orphanage. Okay, so he knows he should just be thankful he got to spend time with Castiel, but this was hardly a proper date.
“Are you kidding me?” Dean holds his hands out to both sides, his exasperation clear as he lets her do what she wants.
, what with all the wires, computers, and fancy gadgets Dean can’t even begin name. It’s all a bit intimidating, especially since he hasn’t been given any instructions on how to properly answer questions in an interview like this. He’s not even sure there
Unease rips through Dean, fed by the tension he feels in every inch of Castiel as his hand clamps down on Dean’s knee, almost to the point of pain.
“You are forgetting,” Castiel says, low and menacing, eyes locked on his father. “That we have a contract. The fates of the suitors—who stays and who goes—is entirely up to me, and any attempt on the part of the royal
But he pulls back, tearing himself away when the silent seconds stretch on, and he swears Castiel's hands linger on his bare skin.
It can’t be more than mid-afternoon, judging by the light peeking around the edges of the heavy curtains drawn over the windows, but Dean feels better than he has in days.
him,” Castiel booms, harsh, and with an edge that belies his fear. Dean’s heart trips in his chest, tumbling over itself as unease bleeds into his sleep-deprived brain.
Meg shuts her mouth after that, but the pit in Dean’s stomach only grows as the others carry on, trying to figure out how to be more well-liked than him.
“Really?” Dean calls after him, hands out to his sides as he watches his best friend struggle to get back over the two inch step.
“So, Charlie got through to you then?” Dorothy asks, her long, dark hair done up in a tight, intricate knot—it’s edgy and matches her dark eyeliner perfectly.
Charlie flips the final card, a seven of diamonds, and all the air rushes from Dean’s lungs. In the next second, he wishes he’d held it in because there’s that
“This way, your highness,” a guard in fancy military dress says, eyes shielded from the camera flashes by dark glasses.
For the first time since that night in January, when his parents tossed his things out on the lawn, and him right behind, he feels hope. He feels
“Likewise.” Castiel offers her a gracious smile, and as the crowd cheers, he offers them a wave. “It’s a pleasure to be invited here, and to have such excellent company is all the better.”
"It is," he says, a hint of defiance in his voice as he gives Castiel a curt nod, though he can't meet his eyes when he does so.
Dean huffs, his ears heating as he scowls at the back of his prince’s head. You know what? Screw him. Dean’s here to marry the bastard; he’s allowed to be attracted to him, damnit.
For some reason, this feels like a betrayal to Susie but, again, she chose not to be here, so… "God, your hair is a mess." The woman's thick accent grates on his nerves, especially with the haughty tone and the way her mouth pinches up. Dean shoots her a glare in the mirror, and in a moment of pettiness, he ruffles it up some more when her back is turned.
“Sam, it’s good to see you again.” He smiles, hands folded in front of him instead of trying to shake. Sam doesn’t seem to mind, looking like a deer in the headlights with wide, worshipping eyes. “Would you like my seat?”
do? Because, from where I’m standing, I could destroy your family and not even lift a finger.” He raises an eyebrow, his smile triumphant, but as Dean opens his mouth to speak, another voice carries over his shoulder, and he closes his eyes.
“What?” Dean shouts back, barely hearing her over the pounding. It sounds like… shit, it sounds like
Novak cocks his head to one side, smile going all lopsided, and says, “It must be, considering how much time you spend here.”
"Oh, hey, pretty boy," Lucifer says, a taunt in every word as he smiles the most threatening of smiles in Dean's face. Dean grinds his teeth, snarling at the grade-A royal douche canoe as he cocks his head and fists his hands in Dean's shirt.
“Fine,” he says, smiling as he holds out his arm for her to take, which she does, allowing him to lead her to the sitting room for tea and dessert. “Stings a little, but it’s not too bad.” Dean lets out a chuckle. “Honestly, my pride stings more than the cut.”
“You can, but I don’t know if you will want to,” Castiel says, a twitch to his chapped lips as he raises an eyebrow.
It’s not until after breakfast that Dean remembers the queen, herself, developed their current healthcare system, and though he still can’t stop worrying about the events of the night before, the realization comes as a relief. Dean’s sure he’d be pretty pissed off too if someone came after his work like that, but it doesn’t change the facts.
Somewhere between April's flirting and Jo falling into the fountain, Castiel must disappear, because the next thing Dean knows, Meg's got that devil-bitch face on in an interview.
“You’re so good to me,” he says, placing a hand over his heart and completely missing Charlie’s next serve because of it. “Hey,” Dean snaps, tossing the ball back.
. Close enough to hear the even push and pull of his breath, and to smell his expensive cologne. Castiel’s right
“They would greet my siblings—kiss my sisters’ hands, and shake my brothers’, but never mine. I know why, of course, but it just… Give me that.” He snatches the bottle from Dean’s fingers, the other one rolling, empty, on the tile floor. He hands the bottle back to Dean, who takes it with a lump in his throat.
“Good luck with that,” Dean says, shovelling scrambled eggs into his mouth as he speaks. “You're more likely to be tackled to the ground than get your lips anywhere near Castiel's.”
“Today is the first time you will be officially introduced. We’ll do a full bio segment where we’ll get you to talk about your life outside of this competition.” The man looks down at his clipboard. “Tuesdays and Saturdays you will have personal interviews. Someone will ask you questions and you will answer as honestly, and in as much detail as you can, got it?”
"Robe." She holds out the thick, dark blue dressing robe for him to slip into, and he pulls it on, feeling the soft material caress his bare skin before he ties it at his waist. "And shoes."
"How much are we doing?" Not that he cares—at this point, she could do anything and he wouldn't even bat an eye—but the way she's digging through that suitcase has him wondering.
Dean nods his understanding as Castiel pulls back, resettling in his chair to watch the rest of the viewing.
The show cuts to April standing inches from Castiel, not a part of her actually touching the prince, but so close it's hard to tell. She's going on and on about something—her charities, it sounds like—and the way she twirls her hair around her finger with her eyes shining like they hold the sun, has TV Castiel staring like it'd be a crime to tear his eyes away.
“Royal quarters, huh?” He swings their hands between them as his heart flutters. “Where’re you taking me,
Dean tosses and turns for hours, tired, but not really, and to top it all off, his shoulder hurts like a bitch. His back, ribs, and left knee too, actually, and he’s kicking his own ass for not accepting the pain pills when they were offered.
"Don't lie to me, prince; I know you better than that." Dean takes another step forward until they're barely inches apart. He frees his jacket from Castiel's hand, never taking his eyes off those shining blues as he slips it on.
“We had better get going; I’m sure people are looking for us both by now.” Castiel pulls the door open, waving a hand for Dean to exit. “After you,” he says, a smile in his eyes—laughter in the way he speaks.
—that’s what we watched. It was so wonderful, and then we went for lunch and I told him all about my family. He’s such a wonderful listener, isn’t he?”
They don’t waste time getting them set up on the tiered platforms, five at the front and six at the back. Dean is in the back right corner, half-blocked from view by a column, but he doesn’t mind—it’s harder for the cameras to catch his nervousness this way.
Charlie huffs, looking up from her book for the third time in as many minutes. “I don’t know, Winchester,” she whines, shoving her makeshift maple leaf bookmark between the pages before snapping it shut. “Eating lunch, probably. Touring the cities underground,” she shrugs, flipping the book over to read the dust jacket. “Making beautiful, blue-eyed babies.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” He takes a stumbling step back, his hands going up to ward her off as he trips over the edge of the pedestal and almost lands flat on his ass. “What are you doing?”
With a lump in his throat and his stomach twisting itself in knots, Dean buries his face in his hands with a groan.
“Sure there is—this is the staff entrance, but I haven’t got a clue where the other one is.” Kelly rounds the corner, and Dean speeds up to keep Jo’s blond locks in sight.
Dean's knee jigs as nervous energy sings through him, his hands clasped in his lap as he looks around. The amphitheater is packed; stuffed to bursting with so many upper-class people, Dean can hardly breathe through the stench of money permeating the air.
The guard doesn’t answer. Doesn’t so much as glance over his shoulder, but when Dean looks back on the darkened hallway, thinking maybe he’ll just turn around and disappear back to his room—back to the warm, cozy comfort of his bed—he finds another guard, closer now, and watching him like a hawk.
. I'm assuming it's a shortened version of his first name, but how did it come about?" Dean scowls, and in his periphery, he sees Nicholas scowling, too. This
He takes a moment to soak in that feeling, closing his eyes to the light and letting himself sink into the soft bedding. There isn’t much to do today—only his second personal interview and a phone call home on the schedule—so he takes his time getting up and dressed.
"Here," Dean says on his way out the door, and Benny scowls, scrambling to catch the umbrella when Dean thrusts it into his hands.
Honestly, it's kind of shocking how comfortable he's become here. It's been a month since he arrived and he already feels like he could stay here. Maybe that's stupid—getting used to comforts he knows he’ll have to give up—but he can't help it, especially when Castiel's around. Everything just feels so
“Thanks,” Novak says, without the usual barb in his tone. It catches Dean off guard for a moment, gives him hope. He glances up and offers the librarian a shy smile, and—fuck Dean five ways to Friday—Novak smiles
“Huh,” Dean muses, fascinated by the new knowledge. Who knew apples were so different? “What about this one?” He plucks up a pinkish apple from one side, ignoring the way the guard sighs a few trees back.
"Yeah, yeah." Susie waves a hand at him, brushing off his complaints. "Get in the shower. There's a guest joining the suitor's breakfast."
Dean pulls a blanket around his shoulders, tugging it over his knees, and for a moment, he just lies there, trying not to feel the time between now and the end of ten weeks like the chasm it is. It feels like forever, but not nearly long enough to ever
“What—” But the door is closing behind him, and how Dean’s alone, standing in a small room with rounded walls, mirrors at every angle, and a cushioned table-thing in the centre. The space is decorated with gold accents to complement the cream dressers and white drapes. It’s a beautiful space, but he’s in a rush.
He only does it once more after Dean's slip-up, and it’s far too brief before he lets go again, but he squeezes lightly and smiles down at Dean when he looks up at him, shrugging as he leans in to whisper, “She did it to me once, and I refuse to allow her to do it a second time.”
Castiel chuckles and leads Cookie over by the reigns. “Come on. Get back up there and I’ll take you back.”
“Happy birthday, Cas.” He shrugs, feeling a bit silly for the whole thing, but not silly enough to call it off. “I know it’s late, but I thought you deserved a proper party.”
Dean wrinkles his nose at the noise, snuggling deeper into the warmth of the cushions he lies on and pulls his blanket up to his ears. He doesn’t want to wake up just yet; he’s cozy and content just the way he is.
"It was getting kind of dark and I'd walked further than I'd thought. I guess they got worried because Castiel and Benjamin—the guard—came looking for me, but instead of making me go back early, Cas and I filled the rest of my basket." Dean ducks his chin as a small, private little smile touches his lips. "That's when he told me about the apples—his favorite kind are Braeburn apples or something like that—and he likes making applesauce."
“Shocked,” he answers when the reporter asks how he’s feeling, a tape recorder held up to his mouth as he leans away. “And—”
“Michael Haven comes from a long line of nobility, educated in the most prestigious academies Amarellino has to offer. Some might find this charming or attractive, but the voters here tonight find him to be, and again, I’m quoting.” Dean can see the wince as she reads the phrase. “‘A pretentious kiss-ass.’”
“I need to get her,” Dean interrupts, removing Hannah’s hand from his arm with a soft smile. “I’ll be fine.” He doesn’t wait for her response as he slips inside, his heart hammering as he turns, taking in the dark space and all the eyes trained on him. He’s immediately thankful for the dim lighting as his face flames bright red and he takes a step back, hitting the door as he meets all the annoyed faces.
“Neat, huh?” Charlie tucks herself against Dean’s side, shivering despite the stollen hat. Her cute sweater and puffy vest not doing much to ward off the chill. “My father only does a late summer and fall harvest, but I’d bet the Novaks do it all. Come on.”
But Dean’s not listening. Not at all, because someone catches his eye—makes his stomach drop and twist itself in knots.
Toni's face darkens, her eyes narrowing as her cheeks burn, and she leans into Susie's space. "You and I both know—"
But now, for the whole room to see, TV Dean flees from the room, leaving Castiel more than a little distraught, his mouth hanging open as he watches the door where Dean left. He blinks a few times, looking at his empty hands before he curls them into fists and tucks them in his lap as his mouth snaps shut.
A sliver of panic stabs at him, twisting in his gut as his heart studders and his hands get clammy. It's the same feeling he's had all his life, and he knows the signs, but here, in this rich, decadent place, the panic only swells higher.
“It’s…it’s gotta be Dean, right? Even if he’s pardoned, he can’t stay, can he?” Something in Sarah’s voice sounds almost hopeful, and it hurts, but Dean can’t really expect anything else. If not him, then why not her, right? It still stings, though—reminds him they’re not here to make friends.
"Uh," Dean laughs, scratching the back of his head as a flush rises in his cheeks. How the fuck does he answer that without straight out saying the not-quite royals are a crew of entitled brats with an over-inflated sense of importance and a belief that they're untouchable? "Let's just say they're exactly what I expected and leave it at that, yeah?"
Dean strips out of his suit once he’s in the bathroom, the cool air hitting his heated skin and sending a shiver down his spine. It feels good, actually—it clears his head and soothes his rolling stomach—so he puts it all down to the fact that he slept in his suit and probably cooked his insides with the heat on and the curtains open to let the sunshine in.
He slips the robe on but doesn't bother tying it closed as the backs of his slippers slap the bottoms of his feet. Another pair follow further behind, and it has a mix of emotions swelling up inside Dean until he quickens his pace to a run.
Even in the dark, the light in Castiel’s eyes warms Dean’s beaten and battered heart, soothing something inside him that’s been damaged for longer than he can recall.
“What? What’s happening?” He straightens up, feeling far too restrained with his seatbelt and sling, and looks between the chatting soldiers, Anna, and Charlie, who pulls of the cap, revealing that it is, in fact, a pencil.
The sun rises in beats, moving with the tick of the grandfather clock in the corner. Its rays move steadily across the room, shining through the floor-to-ceiling windows that look out over the courtyard.
“Cas? You’re on a nickname basis now?” She quirks an eyebrow, a smirk tilting her lips as she kicks off her sparkly black heels and leans forward, her elbows on her knees.
Castiel pops the cork on his own bottle, not spilling even a drop, and lifts it high in the air. "Cheers!" he shouts, grinning like a kid on Christmas morning.
It takes everything inside him to lean away, knowing this isn’t the time—isn’t the place—to do something so stupid, but he needs to know.
“I want to apologize…” She blurts, then trails off when her eyes catch on his arm tucked inside his jacket, held in by the sling. “What—”
“The final rose,” Duma says, and it seems far too quick. Dean’s heart stutters and he finds himself almost frantic because he wants more
"Glad to see you so cheery, huh?" Charlie slaps his shoulder, snagging a croissant from a tray and sinking her teeth into it.
." Dean arches an eyebrow at his fiery friend, who rolls her eyes so hard Dean wouldn't be surprised if she strains them.
"Yeah," Dean murmurs, but he just reads on and on, recognizing some names, but most are new to him—strangers all rooting for his love story's happy ending. "I don't know most of these people."
And that’s the kicker, isn’t it? No matter what they decide—because of his class, or wealth, or the angles in the videos—
"Anytime, brother." He slaps Dean’s shoulder as he passes, jostling him a bit, before leading on. "Dressed yourself this morning, did you?"
“Are you warm?” he whispers, quiet enough that only Dean can hear as the guards step away to give them some privacy. “Are you happy?”
Dean definitely doesn’t imagine the relief in Castiel’s eyes when they lock on him, and a small smile graces his lips.
“Yes, your highness.” There’s a beat of silence as Castiel pulls the ear-piece out and tucks it back in his pocket, then— “For fuck’s sake, Winchester, where the hell are you? Going to get me in trouble you fucking asshole…” Dean can hear him stomping down the hall and, as soon as his footsteps fade, the laughter he’d been holding back bursts free, rolling out of him as he doubles over, hands on his knees, his stomach aching with it. The crown on his head shifts, sliding forward a fraction, and he catches it with his hand as he straightens up.
And, sure enough, they're only in line for a couple of seconds before Russell is at Castiel's side, whispering in low tones. Well, if nothing else, at least Russell knows enough to recognize the possibility of danger. Another score for him, Dean supposes.
“Get out,” Dean says, hauling Castiel’s door open. Cas just looks at him, wide-eyed and confused, but he doesn’t move, seatbelt still fastened, hands folded in his lap.
Susie doesn’t answer, just nods to herself as Dean looks into the mirror—at his over-long, hanging-over-his-forehead hair—and sputters.
For some reason, it melts Dean's heart to know that Castiel has someone to love him like a mother, especially after all he learned the night before. He has people, blood related or not, who would go to war for him, and not just because it's their job.
“Of course. There is too much to do in one evening, so we need to make a plan of what rides and games we want to partake in most, and go from there.” Castiel lets go of his hand as they sit across from each other. “I brought a notepad, hold on,” and he starts digging in his pants pocket.
, hugging his cock and curving around his ass like they’re made for this purpose and this purpose only.
“He is, but no thanks to the bullshit insurance the mechanic shop offers.” Dean shakes his head, still more than a little pissed off at the failure that is the healthcare system.
“You won’t be able to cheat anymore with the others here, at least,” Dean says, trying to play off his disappointment as they wait for the others to show.
, and Michael’s is, quite honestly, terrifying. His proposal for what essentially amounts to slavery of the imprisoned shocking everyone in the amphitheater into silence and forcing Duma to cut him off halfway through.
"You heard the man," Benny says, stepping between the two of them with a face like thunder, and even Lucifer isn't stupid enough to argue with a palace guard. "Step back."
“You’re alright,” Castiel murmurs, close enough to Dean’s ear that he feels his warm breath tickling his sensitive skin. “It’s a conversation, Dean. You’re talking to me—just speak with me.”
The light touch in his hair does little for his headache, but it does soothe him into a peaceful daze. He's not sure how long they're there for, but after a while, people start filing in, shushed by Susie when they make too big of a racket.
A nervous laugh bubbles up his throat as he swings his arms around before shrugging, but the smile drops from his lips when he hears her voice echoing down the hallway, and he scurries further into the room, his heart leaping into his throat as he hides behind one of the guards.
Dean moves back to his platform, light as air in a floating, high-on-love kind of way, staring at the deep, perfect blue of the rose in his hand. He’s not thinking about Kelly—has all but forgotten Castiel’s hard eyes and pursed lips when he walked into the room.
“Oh, good,” Susie says when she joins him outside. Dean tries to smile, but it falls immediately when his stomach turns and he snaps his eyes shut again.
“Sit, Cas,” Dean says, fingers brushing his sleeve as Castiel turns into him. Whether consciously or not, Dean doesn’t know, but the smile on Castiel’s lips, soft and sweet, has him realizing he doesn’t really care, either.
As Castiel disappears around the corner, out of sight for the first time all day, Dean can't help but think this
give in—not with this. “Actually, you know what? I don’t have anything here, so I’ll just walk out those doors right now and you’ll never hear from me again.”
"I'm glad you decided to join me." Castiel's smile says as much as a servant places a plate of eggs benedict in front of him.
of all people? And is it just for strategy? Castiel was quite clear that, even in this, he doesn't have full control, so is it that?
The fist in his gut clenches and twists, and all Dean can do is grit his teeth and deal with it as heat floods his cheeks.
Castiel clears his throat, drawing Dean's attention back to him as he wipes the corners of his mouth with a pristine napkin. The handkerchief in the breast pocket of Castiel's sharp burgundy suit catches Dean's eye, reminding him of the one in his own pocket.
“Uh, in private. It'd be better to tell just you…” Again, he looks to the others, shuffling from foot to foot as his arms start to ache.
The mini-lesson carries on for a good half hour as Dean’s back starts to ache, but he’s so damn grateful for Sarah. How would he ever manage before this?
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean answer without even a second to breathe. He takes the rose, pinching the stem between his fingers, but Castiel doesn’t let go right away, holding on until Dean is forced to meet his gaze once more.
“Right.” She eyes him for a moment longer before getting back to her clipboard. There’s a stack of questions two inches high—does she really expect to get through all that?
“Assumptions will be made, Castiel, and no offense meant to Dean, of course, but there is the unspoken fact of your vulnerability right now, especially while on cold medication, so forgive me if I’d prefer to avoid rumor of my son—the Crown Prince—having a fling with his suitor—"
Castiel jabs a finger in into his kidney, and Dean jerks with a yelp—fucking jackass. “And you, Dean?”
, because maybe there’s a place for him somewhere in all this, and maybe it’s right here, beside Dean.
Castiel looks down at his plate, where all the different foods are neatly organized into their own little sections—none of them touch, and Dean really shouldn’t be so surprised.
“Move them to the North ridge,” The king is saying through the walls, and it’s nothing that catches his interest, so he ignores them, feeling along the walls for an opening he doesn’t find.
"You're too innocent for her; too sweet and kind…” He trails off with a smile, his eyes cataloguing every inch of Dean's face. Dean sways closer, drawn to his words and the almost-touch, but he waits. "She is dark, and you…” He shrugs, something almost sad bleeding into his eyes. "You feel like sunshine."
“The rules are in place to protect you,” Castiel grates, teeth clenched and voice quiet, but it just pisses Dean off.
Dean squeezes Susie's shoulder one last time, feeling the ache in his chest double-down on him, and hurries along the center row and out the door before the tears welling in his eyes have a chance to fall.
mad, Dean, but not with you. Never with you, and never for this.” His expression softens as he rubs his thumb along Dean’s cheekbone. “My cousin will not touch your family, that I can assure you, but I have some things to deal with before the ceremony now.”
silent tears. His heart breaks for her and continues to break with every hitched breath and soft sniffle.
He doesn’t get the chance to panic, though, before he’s being bombarded by questions, answering them more or less hysterically without really registering the words falling from his lips.
Castiel jumps at the sound of a knock on the door, and for a moment he doesn’t know what to do. He’s got himself all worked up to give this guy shit and now…
Seems like Susie’s given up on getting him to eat his greens since the plate is more or less piled with anything but. Although, that could be because the meal she brought him is from lunch.
It's all Dean can think about all night as they sit in the hospital wing, starving, but not really caring, as the food is tested.
"It was hard seeing her get sent home, especially after how excited she was about her date on Wednesday. She didn't expect it at all, and I'm sure I won't either when it happens, but..."
“Suitors,” Duma says, stepping forward and looking into the camera, as professional and composed as always. Does she know what’s about to happen? Did Castiel tell her? Even if he had, there’s no way for Dean to know—she’s got a poker face to rival any Novak. “This is the final rose.”
“My stylist has come to the conclusion that this is a good look for me.” Dean doesn’t miss the way Castiel’s cheeks flush or the self-conscious twitch of his fingers.
His orgasm rips through him like a storm, arching his spine as he throws his head back and comes down Castiel’s throat. No warning—Castiel’s not sure he could’ve given one anyway—and Castiel nearly chokes on the flood of come.
Dean nods but doesn’t speak again and, eventually, the soldiers go back to their training. Charlie collects Hannah, telling her to come inside, but Dean doesn’t move. He should be relieved by this news—being the favorite is a
A shout goes up, then three or four, as the soldiers dive into a brawl, fists flying and tension sharpening the air as more people get involved. The sounds of violence have Dean’s stomach turning, and when he sees Ash take a right-hook to the cheek, he winces.
When Dean has himself settled, sinking into the squishy cushions, he nudges Charlie's arm, and when she looks at him, he nods to her sparkly, pink-painted toes. She swats his arm, mouthing
The thought enters his mind once again, forcing its way in and plaguing all his preconceived notions of safety within the palace. What if he's the real target? What if Hannah and Charlie were just in the wrong place? Just
“Dean, my love,” Castiel says, head still in his hands as they wait. Wait, wait, wait. “Please sit down before you collapse.”
That, coupled with the Fan-Favourites broadcast, and Dean is a wreck. He can’t choke down more than a single mouthful of cherry pie, and even then, it sticks to the roof of his mouth like half-dried glue.
Castiel chuckles and brushes past him, and to Dean’s humiliation, he realizes Castiel knows exactly what he does to him—shit, is he really that obvious?
Dean startles, looking over his shoulder to catch sight Castiel as he rounds the table. There’s real concern in his eyes and a crease between his brows as he stops on his way to his seat.
With his hands folded in front of him, Dean stares straight ahead, doing his best to ignore Meg, April, and Lily, who won’t stop looking back at him with triumphant little smirks, like they know exactly how this is going to go before it's even started.
He’s not sure how long he reads for, and he’s even less sure how long he sleeps for when his eyes do eventually close, but when he’s woken by feet thumping up the steps beyond the wooden door, it’s dark inside the rainbow room.
Dean slides out of bed on silent feet, making his way around his room with as much care as he’s ever had. He does a pretty damn good job too, if he does say so himself. All dressed in dark, relatively quiet clothes in no more than five minutes and no less than ten different ways this could go wrong running through his mind.
thing, but that's something they can deal with. Building trust that's already broken isn't something they can fix.
,” Castiel says for the second time this morning, his tone as commanding as the first time, but now, Dean listens, doing his best to push away his insecurities and focus on the
“Sorry,” he murmurs, then hisses out a breath when Castiel presses a cotton pad soaked in rubbing alcohol over a gash on his forearm.
It happens so fast, he almost doesn't register. Blank-faced and startled, the breath Dean was holding whooshes out of him before he steps off the platform and makes his way across the dimly lit space.
“To my room—I have some stuff to do. Bye.” He leans down, pressing a kiss to her cheek before hurrying from the dining hall. Benny doesn’t follow, too busy searching the buffet for poisons—or scraps—to notice him slip out.
"She brought me to this place the first time," Dean explains, still serving. Still smiling. "Found me in a ditch, too weak to move, and dragged me up. Forced me to walk with her to the soup kitchen and practically poured lukewarm broth down my throat. I was nine at the time."
“What—” Castiel’s cut off by a hacking cough, which he buries in his elbow, but he continues as soon as he’s settled. “Yes, I’m sure. My medication is just wearing off.”
Dean is struck dumb for a moment as he watches the crinkles in the corners of Castiel’s eyes—how his cheeks lift and nose scrunches up with it. It’s almost enough to make him forget why Castiel is laughing in the first place.
As he waits, Dean wonders what it must be like to be a royal having to apologize to a commoner. Or, to be a royal in general, actually. It’s got to be exhausting, never knowing who to trust, and now that he thinks of it, he can almost understand why she did what she did. She doesn't know him yet—not really—and the fact that she forgets his upbringing so easily further proves that.
Castiel leans back and examines his work before giving a brief nod and digging through the little grey bag on the floor beside him. Dean watches as he pulls out a little compact and a fluffy brush, much like the one Susie used on him this morning.
Dean has, actually. He’s thought about it a lot, and the more he thinks it’s the wrong time, or wrong choice, or that his family needs him here, the stronger his drive to
He’s still stripping by the time Charlie finishes dealing for him, but he throws out a single-chip bet without so much as looking at his hand.
There’s no working up to anything—no teasing, tasting, or tentative touches. Dean swallows him down and
"Please," Castiel says, holding up his hands when Dean opens his mouth to speak. "Please, let me explain myself to you." He steps closer as Dean's arms drop to his sides and more tears fall. "Let me help you understand."
“This is ridiculous,” Dean murmurs, looking down at his half-full plate in despair. He can’t eat another bite. At least, not with the vice grip this damn waistcoat has on him—he’ll pop the eye hooks if he tries.
Suddenly, Dean’s feet won’t budge. It’s like he’s nailed to the floor, his brain telling him he has to, and his body saying
“They’re losing respect for him, Dean,” Sam says, so quiet Dean’s not sure he hears him right. “He’s supposed to be this untouchable, otherworldly person to them—inhuman and perfect and their
“‘Fraid so, buddy,” Dean says, pinching Castiel’s blanket in his fingers and pulling it up to his chin as Hannah clears the games away. “Get some sleep, yeah?”
“I applied through the academy—I take film classes and I guess the prince thought it’d be a good idea to give us a shot.” He shrugs, but the grin on his slim, boyish face gives away his delight.
“Ooh, someone’s confident,” Charlie goads, flipping her sword around with practiced precision. “Come on, then, baby, show me what you’ve got.”
“Is that right?” Dean lifts an eyebrow when Castiel grins. “And the other apples? What’re they good for?”
Benny’s pen flies across the page, taking everything down, and when Dean is done, Benny takes a moment to read it all over before standing.
Castiel blinks twice, as if coming back to himself, and straightens his shoulders, his chin tilting up as he transforms from Cas, Dean's prince, to Castiel Novak, Crown Prince of Amarellino. The shift is so subtle, yet more powerful than anything he's ever witnessed, and it sends buzzing heat through Dean's veins.
, and there's no way he can repay him for that. It's like a balloon inflating in his chest, filled with hot air, melting the icy fear into warm relief. He could collapse with it, his muscles turning to jelly as he sinks into his bed on a sigh.
Whatever the reason, he’s now lying in the middle of his garden, staring up at the grey sky, in his sleep clothes, which consist of silk sleep pants and nothing else. He did throw on a robe, though—the late September air tends to be chilly in the morning, despite the fact that it doesn’t ever get below fifty degrees even in the dead of winter.
“Some stuff to do in your room, huh?” Charlie says the moment she sees him, but she’s smirking, a suggestive glint in her eye.
Castiel says the last part only to Dean. At least, that’s how it feels since he looks only at him. There’s a pause, then Castiel looks away as he continues to speak.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat, every part of him locking up as he wracks his brain for how she could
Dean smiles, proud of himself for once. He holds onto that warm, fuzzy feeling for a long as he can, once again feeling more loved than he ever has before.
Thankfully, the footage switches to the nine of them and Castiel being released into the trees, and he catches a glimpse of his bundled back, out of focus, as he disappears into the thick foliage.
, Dean thinks, then gets the horrible feeling that that's what he looks like when he looks at his prince.
He looks over his shoulder, his mouth opening to ask if he’s allowed to go out, but finds his room empty and the door closed. He hesitates for a moment, his hand on the door handle, before deciding no one'll know if he just takes a quick peek.
Dean pulls it open, flustered and disoriented, but Benny's not there. He scowls, looking up and down the hallway for his guard, but he's alone. He huffs, pulling the door closed behind him before flopping down on his bed with a little bounce.
Castiel, at least, has the grace to only let a small smile slip. He can’t say the same for the others, who snicker under their breath or just outright laugh at his expense.
“I’m Castiel,” he says, standing like an idiot in the middle of the room. Like the awkward moron he is.
Susie works quickly, though, and she seems utterly unconcerned with his nudity as she bends to hold a pair of clean, perfectly white underwear at his feet, telling him to, “Step in!”
has his thoughts spiralling. He doesn't even notice when Castiel shifts his grip on his hands. "But I have other methods of getting my way."
He has no real destination, wandering aimlessly through the maze-like corridors until he reaches a set of glass doors that lead out to the grounds where they ate breakfast that morning.
“Yeah, well,” Dean huffs, looking down at his lap like he’s a little shy. “Not for long. After you make your complaint, I’m sure I won’t have a job to go back to.”
They wait in the wings, hidden behind heavy drapes as the crewmembers bustle around, headsets buzzing with instructions. Dean’s just trying to stay out of the way, sticking close to his prince at the edge of the stage. They’re miked and ready to go, shifting from foot to foot as their interviewer—who Dean found out is the host of the talk show, Lydia Cobalt—gets through her opening remarks.
They're silent for a while—Charlie, lying with her eyes closed as her breathing starts to even out, and Dean, thinking too hard about what really happened to them.
“Uh-huh. Mom thought she was feeding me too much beet soup, but it turns out I blush like a virgin on her wedding night.” Dean groans as soon as the words leave his lips, his eyes closing in embarrassment. “Sorry—not much of a filter.”
“Nothing, I just…” He trails off on a sigh and slumps back on the warm leather bench seat, Castiel’s fingers still grazing his knee. But it’s not nothing, and he doesn’t want to lie anymore. “This feels weird, okay? I feel weird being here, like we didn’t just have a fight; like I’m not still a little mad at you. It’s going to ruin this for me.” Dean buries his head in his hands, elbows resting on his knees.
Dean comes to a stop in front of a grate—one that appears to be concealed from the room beyond, which is a damn good thing because it’s the
With an aborted yelp and flailing arms, he tumbles back into the narrow passage, landing with a thud as the wall seals itself shut.
“That’s uh… that’s awesome.” With a tight smile, Dean folds his hands over his knees and turns back to the mostly empty hall.
“Uh, Cas?” Dean ducks his chin, trying to catch Castiel’s attention, and loving the blush that creeps up his neck and into his cheeks. “Is the lawyer…”
After a moment, Castiel sucks in a deep, shuddering breath and reaches out a hand to twine his fingers with Dean's, stealing the air from his lungs when their skin touches. “The other night, my father called for me," Castiel says, squeezing Dean's fingers to catch his attention, and Dean looks up from where his hand is tingling with little shivers of awareness, meeting his eyes.
A rush of breath escapes between them and Castiel smiles, his shoulders sagging as he squeezes Dean’s fingers. The sight of that winning smile has butterflies swooping in Dean's stomach. “Come,” Castiel whispers again and leads Dean deeper into the upper floors.
"You could knock, you know?" He rubs both hands down his face, feeling bone-deep exhaustion pulling on every limb, weighing him down until he could collapse from the strain. "I'm tired, Benny."
—despite being no more than a few years older than Dean—but Dean ignores him, trailing his fingers along the dying hedges, still meticulously trimmed, but browning and falling away with every passing day. He takes a slow stroll of the courtyard, rounding the cobbled edges as the late-autumn sun beats down on him.
“So, Dean,” Kelly says at breakfast, resting her chin on her palm and her elbow on the table as she leans forward, a charming smile on her face. “How did
“Thank you all for accepting my invitation to dinner. I am aware that this is quite a bit to take in, and that being away from your families for any amount of time can be difficult,” he gives Hannah a meaningful look as he says this, and she dips her head. “But I am grateful and humbled at the thought that you should want to get to know me enough to do so.” Dean can’t be sure, but he thinks Castiel’s eyes linger on him for just a moment longer than the others, and he can’t help but think back to his staring contest in the garden.
, Dean thinks. “Balthazar was the first to leave the palace, though none are certain he remembers his time there at all. The son of a landowner on the coast, Mr. Salazar was a shoo-in, but his dirty little habits and lack of effort didn’t get him very far with the prince, or the viewers.”
He spills his guts about his fear of public speaking and how he now has to do it not once, but twice, by himself. He talks about how he's not sure who his friends are in this place and even discloses his fears about being the actual target of the poisoning, which has Castiel's eyebrows shooting up.
“Give me a sec!” he shouts, before swatting at the tap to turn it off and stumbling out of the shower. “Ow, fuck,” he mutters when he hits his hip off the counter. Who knew only having use of one arm could be so debilitating?
He might be mistaken, but he would swear that in that moment, Castiel lets out a breath—like all his worldly troubles have just been solved—and Dean can’t help the bitter resentment curdling inside him.
What’s weirder is how Hannah didn’t come find him afterward. She shut herself up in her room without a word, and hasn’t come out since. Even when he knocks on her door, more worried than he’s ever been, she only tells him she’s fine. That she wants to be left alone.
Dean sighs, tilting his face up to her as she digs through a large set of drawers. “Kind of a bummer that I won’t have you to make me pretty every day once I'm gone.”
Castiel doesn’t answer; just sits there with his mouth open and his eyes on Dean like he’s never thought of that before. Eventually, his teeth snap shut and he blinks, eyebrows furrowing.
With rolling hills and patches of flowers as far as the eye can see, the grounds take up most of the property. Dean's heard there’s even a lake somewhere back in the forest, but no one's ever seen it to really be able to say if it’s true. From where Dean is seated, he can see the stables not too far off with bales of hay stacked up against one side. The barn isn’t constructed of worn wood and a thatched roof like the barns of the country people—this one is built with the sturdiest stone and steel roofing. The doors take up most of the front and, right now, they’re swung wide open, revealing the stalls of horses inside.
? Sure, Dean's had feelings for far longer, but he's been pining after the prince since the day Castiel was born.
“What?” Dean shakes his head, trying to make sense of Benny’s words, but it’s no use. He’s too damn flustered to think of anything but this fucking
He stumbles out into a brightly lit kitchen, bustling with staff and filled with the delightful scent of soups, stews, roasts, and various other things.
The crashing, clanging, banging catastrophe has Kelly's moans cutting off and Dean spinning on his heels to make a break for it, but he only makes it up a few steps, his heart racing and lungs burning, before he's tackled to the floor.
Dean waits until she’s gone, then sits back down with the tray in the grass beside him. He has no plans to leave the garden until he’s forced from it—probably by Susie when she comes to get him ready for tonight’s ceremony.
The glittering fabric feels smooth beneath his fingers—expensive silk and satin, made for him and him alone. It’s…intriguing. Castiel looks
Right across from Dean, so there’s no way he can just ignore it. Instead, he stares, checking his watch and the door, and the faces of the guards around them.
With his head on Castiel’s shoulder, he lets himself drift, loving the steady rise and fall as his prince breathes, and the sound of tires on asphalt soothing him to sleep.
There’s a part of him that immediately wants to refuse—the part condition in the last few weeks to keep his outfit as pristine as possible—but the other, much greater part of him steps back into his school days when sparring was all anyone had money for.
“Oh, thank God.” Castiel near collapses in relief, every part of him sagging as a laugh bubbles up in his throat—sweet and rich, like warm honey. “What on Earth are you doing? What happened?”
Dean's breath catches in his throat when Castiel pulls him to a stop, his strong fingers gripping Dean's elbow as he pulls him around. He can't look at Castiel, though, and keeps his eyes on the expensive button-down clinging to Castiel's chest and torso.
“Th-thank you,” Dean squeaks, his voice choking off with his breath. He clears his throat and tries again. “Thanks, Cas. I’m just about finished in here.”
Caesar just shakes his head, a little bit sad, and a little bit resigned as he scratches at the worn grain with his fingernail. Red paint flakes off, and he dusts it onto the floor. “You just go on believing that.”
they aren't safe—he's not that naive—and risking their lives for the sake of furthering himself in the competition...
For a while, it’s great, and Dean gives Cas two thumbs up every time he looks over. One of the instructors gives him personal lessons and maybe Dean suspects the guy of having a tiny crush on his angel, but fuck, Castiel just looks so
“Fuck,” Dean breathes when he looks into the mirror and sees his half-clean face. The fucking face makeup crap drips off his chin, and Dean closes his eyes as a groan falls from his lips. “Well,
Monday melts into Tuesday with breakfast as usual, but Dean's bored of breakfast. They're all pretty well the same stream of backhanded compliments and passive-aggressive insults.
“Oh, fu—” he cuts himself off mid-word, but his hands find their way into his hair as he looks across the expanse of field between him and the palace. “They’re going to be so mad,” he whispers.
“You think Mr. Prissy-Prince would come out with us if we asked?” Charlie says, leaning into Dean’s side as she sips at the neon orange shot. Dean scowls at the name, but she’s not talking to him and, besides, her eyes sparkle like she said it just for Dean’s reaction.
Even in the robe, Dean shivers, but he hurries out of the bathroom anyway, his bare feet sinking into the carpet as he picks his way around the mud stains.
Dean forgets that memory, though the shadow of its presence—and the scars from the hours after—still remain as his eyes roam the cavernous entrance hall, its domed ceilings reaching high into the sky with the most beautiful frescoes painted there that Dean has ever witnessed. His shoes and the shoes of the other ten suitors echo on the marble floors as they’re led down hallway after hallway, passing paintings and statues and grand sitting rooms as they navigate the maze that is Novak Palace. How does anyone find their way around this place?
But the last time he did that, he walked into a whole new disaster, and maybe it’s stupid, but he’s not about to tempt fate with a second visit.
Dean doesn’t do more than blink for a moment, too overwhelmed by everything she just said. The way Castiel looks at him? There’s no ‘
I’m working two jobs right now so you’ll just have to pretend this came on a Wednesday, decently spaced from the last one lol.
“No, but you’re thinking it,” Dean snaps. He should’ve called Susie—should’ve dealt with the yelling and had her redress him in a
"Uhh..." Dean looks from the sheet to the camera and back again, trying to come up with something to say, but he just keeps circling back to
He’s talking to himself, Castiel knows, but it doesn’t keep every part of his body from seizing up. Arousal hits him like a bus, because damn,
“Come on,” she says, grabbing Dean’s wrist with both hands and giving it a tug. Dean glances over his shoulder at Castiel, but he’s being led away, too, his guards taking him upstairs to whatever meeting he has next.
what—” Meg says from across the table, but Castiel just holds up a hand, silencing her without even glancing her way as he waits for Dean’s answer.
"There is," Castiel says, thoughtful as he nods, but with his fingers tracing Dean's cheekbone and making their way into his hair, it's all Dean can do to concentrate. "But if it's something you are truly interested in, I can help you."
Almost without conscious thought to do so, Dean starts speaking, hitting the button on his little remote so that his slides light up the screen.
"Alright," Mick says, projecting his voice over the chatter and Castiel wanders back to his chair on the other side of the room. "Just about ready. If everyone could get settled, that'd be great."
Dean's heart sinks when a woman in a dark, glittering evening gown steps into the hall, a glass of ice wine already in hand and her hair in disarray. She's wobbling all over the place on her too-high heels, and excitement makes Dean's hands shake when he sees is opportunity.
"You would be surprised by the array of skills I possess in the kitchen, Mr. Winchester." Castiel smiles around his water, wrapping delicate fingers around the glass as his eyes watch Dean.
Dean nods, smiling around a bite of sausage. “Kept us fed until Dad got a new job. I was convinced I’d be a famous actor one day, but now I think they all just saw how skinny I was under my ratty clothes and took pity on me.” Dean shrugs, feeling the tinge of sadness that always comes when he thinks of those days. “Either way, it kept us fed, so I guess it doesn’t really matter why the money was given.”
Is it because he talked to Sarah? He can't think of anything else he's done wrong so, is that it? Really? But she doesn't give him a chance to ask before growling the answer in his ear.
“He’s the damn Prince, do you really think he gives two shits what the people watching think?” Meg snarks from beside Castiel’s empty chair. She’s even more foul-tempered this morning since the Prince in question isn’t here.
Beside him, Balthazar looks like he’s about to pass out and Dean has to steady him a few times so he doesn’t topple backward off their platform. In front of him, Kelly and Sarah are gossiping about Castiel and how he might wear his hair; Charlie looks damn bored over on the far end of the first platform, and Meg doesn’t seem to be able to stop complaining for even a minute.
? He huddles deeper into his jacket as he hurries across the grounds to the stables, his breaths puffing out in front of him as the frosty grass crunches beneath his shoes.
That familiar ache settles in Dean’s chest. He’s been trying to hold it off, pushing it down, down, down with humour and snark and happy memories, but it’s always the same. As soon as he’s here, the spot where they loved each other more often than not, the pain claws its way back up his throat.
“Dean! Dean, guess what! The guards told me they can sneak us some pie!” He’s bouncing on the balls of his feet, grinning wide and bright as he ignores Dean’s glare and the tight shake of his head. “They tell me they've been sneaking you some at night, but they could do it now—”
“Not much use when everything’s within walking distance,” he says instead of telling her that no one can afford them and picks at the linen napkin, wondering how they get the stains out of the pristine, white fabric.
“Move,” the man beside Dean says, shoving him forward with a harsh jab. A grunt spills from his lips, along with a trickle of what tastes too much like blood to be anything else.
“The date went well. I look forward to the next one.” Castiel doesn’t say anything more, but Dean is too curious.
Dean stumbles back, his arm still around Sarah’s waist as she’s knocked into him and her glass is sent flying. The deep red liquid splashes over the rim and, to both their horror, down the front of Dean’s
“Wait, do we have any chips?” Sarah asks, looking around the floor like they’ll appear from nowhere.
“It’s nothing.” Then he smiles, but it’s sad—almost bitter. It leaves a bad taste in Dean’s mouth, but now they’re coming up to the stables, and people are puttering around outside—close enough to hear their conversation—so Dean lets it slide as Castiel leads Cookie through the doors.
With chips found and the rules explained for the fourth time, Dean now sits with a drink in one hand and cards in the other, taking slow sips as he realizes he’ll be butt fucking naked in a few rounds.
. "I'm just so confused, Mom," he whispers, his voice breaking as he falls back on the couch, his head back and eyes closed. "Why am I still here?"
Dean grins, pleased beyond measure as he hops, skips, and jumps out of range of Franks swatting spoon.
Before he can ask if she's feeling alright, she speaks. "Do you think… Why do you think we were poisoned, Dean?" She looks him straight in the eyes, then, and he can feel the weight of her question like a load on his shoulders. It baffles him, honestly; how should he know why they were targetted?
Castiel cocks his head to the side, sinking down until his elbows rest on either side of Dean's head, and he knows they must look like a couple of idiots, down on the floor, pressed together like horny teenagers, but Dean can't bring himself to care.
"I hope so." Castiel gives him one last, warm smile before stepping away. He bows his head, folding his hands in front of him in the most demure show of politeness he can manage with that pleased little grin pulling at the corners of his mouth. "Until tomorrow." He turns away, shoes sinking into the carpet, and Dean follows him to the door.
It’s only now that Dean pauses to consider whether or not this is a good idea. Sure, Castiel is always there for breakfast, but is he? And he’s definitely not required to tell them when he won’t be. How does Dean even know he’s in there? Besides the gut feeling telling him something is wrong, he has no fucking clue. The man could be halfway across the nation right now for all he knows, and if Dean’s caught pacing outside his door like an idiot, who knows what will happen—
He chokes it back, nodding once and giving a half-hearted shrug before hissing when pain lances through his shoulder.
Dean waits while the others gather their things to go. Or he tries to, but they take their damn time, hanging around and chatting, watching as Dean steps up beside Castiel and tries to pass him the crown.
Dean picks at his nails, head ducked, waiting for his turn to speak with Castiel. He wants to introduce his family, but he also knows Castiel’s probably tired of meeting new people. Nevertheless, he said he would like to meet them, which is why Dean’s still standing there, waiting for Castiel to look his way.
Dean’s eyes fly up to Castiel’s, finding the hurt there, and he rushes to explain. “Cas, I didn’t do—”
When he looks back at Castiel, he finds the prince grinning wide and wicked. “Benny,” Castiel whispers, and starts digging in his pocket for something. “He’s rather terrible at keeping track of you; would you like to have some fun?”
"Uh, good." Mick points to Nicholas, and a second later, the red light blinks on the front of the camera—he's being recorded.
want Castiel? Just for who he is and what he has to offer as a person? It’s a foreign concept to Dean, but he’s starting to understand that marriages of convenience aren’t all that uncommon in these social circles and, more than ever before, he realizes just how out of his element he really is.
Dean doesn't pay too much attention for the first bit as they cover Monday. He looks so happy in that footage and seeing it now just really fucking hurts. There he is playing tennis and failing so bad at it he gets a black eye, but the smile on his face is so genuine. He envies that Dean, and all he wants is to go back to last Monday and get a do-over.
"This is all of them?" Dean says after a while, holding up the stack and looking to Duma for an answer. He's all but forgotten the camera, though he does take note of the little red light that tells him they're still rolling.
"Nah," Dean says, strolling through the halls without any real aim. It's busier than normal for a Saturday—more guards and staff bustling around—and Dean figures Castiel's parents must be back from their trip. "How about the hospital wing?"
Dean grunts, but doesn’t refuse, landing both hands on Castiel’s thick, muscled thighs as he dips his head and takes the tip of his cock between full, cock-sucking lips.
Before he can talk himself out of it again, he swings the door open and steps out, the icy floors sending shivers through him as his heart thunders in his chest, a sick twist turning his stomach. He pushes the feeling away.
He settles into his seat, leaning in close to Castiel, and wonders if, in a few day’s time, he'll be down there, on his knees, and begging for mercy as Castiel's parents charge him with an Offence to the Crown.
He's all but forgotten his hunger now, and every part of him is telling him to find them; to make sure they're okay. God, he's a terrible friend. How could he go
Dean can’t help it—a snort bursts from him and he slaps a hand over his mouth to hold back the laughter that rolls through him, shaking his shoulder as he ducks his head. Beside him, Charlie doesn’t do quite as good a job at hiding it, and her giggles ring out amidst the quiet muttering.
He skids into the viewing room, barefoot and bare-chested, with a shower cap on his head keeping his hair mask from running all over the place. He's panting and sweating, and he knows Susie's not far behind.
“Oh, and so humble,” Charlie says, swatting at his side before going to gather her sword. “Quite the package, aren’t you?”
“You’re upset,” Castiel says, teeth clenched and hands shaking. Dean’s fingers stop moving, curling around the elastic waistband. “And I don’t make a habit of taking advantage of vulnerable people.”
“I don’t need your protection!” He pays no attention to the hot slide of blood down his cheek, feeling nothing as it drips off his chin onto the marble floor. Adrenaline keeps him going at this point—that, and fiery ire.
They cut to a clip from the selection day where Castiel stands on the balcony, looking over the thousands of people, as he explains his process of finding a spouse. Dean smiles as he remembers that day—his view from below as he thought about just how wonderful it would be to be chosen. He remembers just how regal Castiel looked—how handsome.
Castiel smiles the kind of smile that could stop an army in its tracks. Could light fires in a rainstorm. Could make the coldest heart fall in love.
The words don't travel as far as him, but the ear-piercing, angry tone does, and the look on her face, and on Victor's, is unmistakable. She's pissed as hell, and Victor looks like he's about to either throw up or bite her head off.
—and he's starting to think maybe he should take a look around. You know, for something to do in this goddamn boring-ass place.
Dean shakes his head, turning back to the royal family to find straight-faces, scowls, and hard, cold eyes. He doesn’t care—this is an issue, and if they aren’t willing to take care of their people, well…
"Place your finger here," Castiel says, guiding Dean's hand to a tiny black square in the top corner of the laptop. "This is how you will open this computer; just put your finger on the print-reader and it will unlock for you."
“If you’re not even gonna look at me, I’m taking it off,” Dean says, his tone giving away his embarrassment before Castiel has a chance to see it in the way he cups his hands over his junk.
"Oh, I'll be just fine, thank you." She bats her eyelashes and runs her blood-red fingernails over his chest, plucking at the buttons in a way that has Dean's stomach turning. He drops his hands and tries to step away. "You're that Winchester boy, aren't you?"
Dean laughs. “She’s a royal; what else is she supposed to do with her time?” Dean pushes off the wall and peeks through the window at his pie, heat seeping through to heat his forehead and make sweat bead at his hairline—not quite golden enough yet, but soon. “Why don’t you go challenge her to a swan-off since you refuse to bake with the rest of your apples?”
you do when the prince isn't around?" Duma pipes up after far too long, grabbing Dean's attention and pulling it back to her.
“Yeah, well, one of you told Susie and got me in shit,” Dean laughs, a little easier this time, and ties his apron around his back in case of any more flour incidents. “That woman is mean. I love her to death, but she’s
Castiel leans closer, a softness in his eyes that Dean doesn’t quite understand. “You’re so easy to please,” he says, and for a moment, Dean’s not sure how to take that—whether or not he should be offended by it—because, essentially, Castiel just called him simple, right? And he’s
Dean stands off to one side, a burger in hand as he watches the chaos of April, Meg, Michael, Sarah, and Jo fight for Castiel’s waning attention. He smiles around the bun bulging his cheeks, trying not to choke on a laugh as Castiel jumps, startled by the high-pitched cackle that comes from April’s bright red lips.
. Because the Crown Prince isn’t supposed to be human, and he shouldn’t tell Sam otherwise—that’s what she sees. Yeah, okay, this is her job, but fuck, does she need to be so cold about it?
Dean doesn’t have it in him to argue as he drags his bare feet across the floor and practically falls onto the couch beside her. "Have at it."
Dean’s head whips around so fast his neck cracks, but he doesn’t find a smile on Castiel’s face—only a knowing looking in his eyes as he tilts his head to one side, indicating the group across from them. Then he’s gone.
The ease he felt not thirty minutes ago, standing chest to chest with Castiel, is gone, replaced with renewed fear, and more doubt than before.
It permeates the air, sinking into his senses and calming him in the most peculiar way—exciting him and making him feel safe all at the same time.
when the guy sees that Dean isn’t a member of the wait-staff he thought he was talking to. “Dick,” Dean murmurs under his breath as he pushes past more clusters of people, not bothering to be polite now as annoyance simmers inside him.
Without another word, Castiel slips his fingers between Dean’s, twining them together with a soft squeeze.
"Hey, pretty boy," she croaks, her eyes following him as he drags her desk chair to the side of her bed and flops down on it. "Long time, no see."
!” Castiel huffs, his annoyance bleeding through the excitement Dean hadn't fully caught on to. He sticks his bottom lip out in a pout but keeps his mouth shut as he pushes himself up. “Matt's lawyers just called; they're dropping all charges.”
"I don't want you to miss your phone call," he says instead of telling him his life is over and he's going to rot in a cell. Castiel offers him a small smile and holds up the phone clutched in his hand. "My guards were preparing to leave your room when you didn't show up, but I thought…" His cheeks darken a bit and he looks at his shoes as Dean's heart skips a beat. "Well, I thought I'd come to find you."
Dean stumbles back when seven or eight different people with cameras and microphones descend on him, pulling his attention away from the crowd. His heart leaps into his throat as his mouth drops open, but no words fall out.
"Hmm," Dean hums, tapping a finger on his lips as he leans to the side, allowing the staff to clear away some of his mess. "I think I might be in the mood for a little mischief, what do you say? Liven things up a bit?"
“Thank you,” he says, and it’s so soft and timid he’s not sure she hears, but she turns after a moment, giving him a stiff nod as she smooths a hand over her chestnut hair, which is pulled back in a severe-looking bun. “I mean it. I don’t know what I’d do without you here to help me.”
“That’s it? Just beautiful?” She gives him a look like he’s a disobedient child. “It’s the place you met the prince—where your love story started—surely it deserves more than that. Come on Dean.”
“Can you fuck off?” Dean says as he pulls on the reigns. He doesn’t know if that’ll piss his horse off or not, but it seems like the right thing to do. “I come out here to have a good time and you’re pissing my horse off. Look, she’s all huffy.” Dean points to his horse's flared nostrils and folded ears before patting the side of the black and white spotted beast. “It’s alright,
“Hell yeah!” Dean whisper-yells, pressing his ear to the wall where he can still hear Benny muttering.
Without another word, Dean shoves past him, his knees shaking and heart aching, knowing he can't back out this time. He can't stand here and be lied to and belittle for another second—he needs to get out
“There has to be something,” Dean says, sitting up with renewed anger sparking in his chest, his restless energy fuelling it. “
"Okay," he breathes, trying his best to focus on anything besides the ticking grandfather clock on the far wall. And who the hell gets a clock that big, anyway? It takes up half the wall and stretches up to the top of the twenty-foot ceilings. Sure, it's antique and beautiful like everything else in this place, but the pillars and the rounded ceilings feel like enough of a cell; he doesn't need to be reminded of how close he is to being in the proverbial lion's den by a giant ticking clock, too.
“Enough, Mr. Winchester,” Susie says as she walks up behind him, and though he can't see it, he knows she's smiling; he can hear it in her voice. “Your hair should be dry enough for the suits.”
"Oh!" she cries as she falls into Dean's arms, wrapping her own around his shoulders and, to her credit, not spilling a drop of wine from her glass.
Castiel's eyebrows jump, and Dean watches with his heart in his throat as they back down with just that
The branch bobs beneath its feet, swaying and bouncing for a second before the bird takes flight, finding shelter deeper in the foliage. Dean watches the rain bead on the leaves for a moment, filling the cupped curves before dropping away when it gets too heavy.
“Hey, Sarah,” Dean chirps when she smiles up at him from the book she has resting beside her plate. “How's it going?”
Hannah, Sarah, Michael, April, Kelly, Charlie; the names and smiles roll through the room in Castiel's rumbling timbre, pushing all thoughts of dark, watching figures from Dean's mind as the night goes on, and he hardly notices that there's only one rose left, until—
Dean cuts himself off with a frustrated growl. The hall is silent now, every ear tuned to his rant, but he doesn’t
Dean stops in front of his prince, and for a moment, as he looks into those too-blue eyes, it's like they're the only two in the room. Castiel's composure breaks just a little when he grins, and the softest blush seeps into his cheeks.
“Hmm… poker, perhaps?” He lifts an eyebrow, a single curl of dark hair falling over his forehead, and he just looks so goddamn good, Dean can hardly think straight.
“You’re the one with cock-sucking lips, baby,” he says, then swipes his tongue over Dean’s cock, letting it catch on the head before dipping into the slip.
He never would’ve pegged himself for claustrophobic, but holy fuck, it feels like the walls are closing in, and the air is getting thinner, and—
He doesn’t think about what’s coming, and he certainly doesn’t think about the night before. The only thing on his mind is how nice this moment is—how much he wishes he had someone to share it with.
, I have more practice stuffing my face as full as I can get in the quickest amount of time, so there’s that—”
at him. Looking like Dean’s just given him the world—like he just saved a kitten from a tree, or a bus full of children from a collapsed bridge.
"What is it?" Dean asks, tilting his head to the side as Castiel's tears slip free, leaving tracks down his cheeks which he refuses to wipe away. "What's happened that's got you so afraid?"
is an angel name, but you know that already.” Heat rises in Dean’s cheeks, high and hot as nerves settle in his chest, turning his stomach in knots.
Dean picks it up, flipping to the marked page, and reads the first few lines. He doesn’t recognize it and there’s no title on the binding, so he sets it aside, not wanting to lose Castiel’s place by accident.
. I’m not exactly experienced in them, and I’d bet my favorite vinyl you’ve got a few of these under your belt.” He shrugs, grinning like the adorable little shit he knows he is.
to, which is the weirdest part. “Idea. This idea of skating on an outdoor rink under the falling snow and the twinkling Christmas lights.” Another shrug as his cheeks heat. He doesn’t say the rest, but Castiel must get the picture.
His voice cracks on the final word, but he doesn't let the burning in his eyes turn into anything more than a glassy sheen. He won't cry. He
Castiel doesn’t look much better, stoic and severe with his hands folded in his lap, his bandaged palm a little stiff, not quite curling around the other. Their town car bumps along the road, and Dean
“Is he alright?” Hannah asks, close enough to Charlie’s ear that he knows it’s not meant for him to hear.
Dean blushes and hurries to his feet. He bows his head before scurrying to his place on the right side of the aisle across from Kelly and closest to the throne where Castiel will be seated when he enters.
around? With Castiel and his parents and so many high-standing civilians glaring down at him from high up in the gallery?
She nods, still smiling that proud, motherly smile as she brushes her hands over his shoulders. “Just smile like you know your worth and everyone else will too.” She pinches his cheeks, her grin turning sly after a moment. “It wouldn’t hurt to bat those eyelashes a few times, too.”
“Oh,” Castiel says, nodding as he looks down at Dean’s free hand before holding out his own. Dean’s breath catches again, but he takes it.
“Probably a good idea,” he pants as he bends over to pick up the ball. He bounces it once. Twice. Throws it back over the net.
“Why is it always you?” Castiel asks, half laughing as he smiles and lowers himself down beside Dean, one hand still in his hair. His voice shakes, too, and Dean doesn't understand why, but he watches the storm of emotions on the prince's face go from fear to relief, to something close to annoyance, before settling on exhaustion for the time being. “Getting yourself misplaced, or disappearing without a trace—the whole palace has been searching for you for hours.”
Then, just as they always do for those lucky few, the stars descend into stardust. Dean almost doesn’t notice at first, too caught up in the earth-shattering grief of what he’s done, but the stars are coming together in a swirling glow, moving into the shape of someone lost. Dean has never been one of the lucky few. He has waited, hoping, wishing, praying, but it’s never been him.
you want to do?” The breezy blue sundress she’s sporting flows around her calves, her hair done in curls and pinned to the side of her head. She looks lovely, and Dean really should tell her so, but he knows she’d just hit him for his efforts.
Dean scoffs, but he can feel the smile tugging at his lips even as he tries to look offended. “You think you know me that well, Novak?”
All these people—they’re not here for the hungry or the homeless. They couldn’t care less. All they want is an in with the royal family—maybe with each other—and they’ll pay any price to get it.
Dean turns back to face the balcony. In all honesty, now that he’s here and seeing all these people, he doesn’t think so. What’s so special about him, after all?
Dean’s in and out of the dining hall without incident, a plate piled high with food as he hurries back through the halls, and he makes it to his door once more without running into Castiel.
“Right,” Dean says, a little distracted by the first editions right in front of his nose. Tolstoy, Hemingway, fucking
“Evidently, that’s untrue, but is there anything you’re nervous about? Or not looking forward to? Anything you’re
Dean takes the save for what it is and turns his back on his friends to step up to the empty rose podium, taking the offered champagne. Dean smiles when Castiel meets his eyes.
The tallest of the boys—still half Dean’s height and dressed in his hockey team’s tracksuit and gloves—gives him a look that only teenage boys can give.
"Needless to say, we went on all of them." Castiel smiles, fond and nostalgic, and Dean hears the faint sound of a huff of breath from the seat behind theirs. "It was on this Ferris wheel, actually. After dinner and before dessert, after the drop-zone and before the tilt-a-whirl, Russell lost control of his faculties."
"Oh, hush." She swats at his arm before taking it in her hand as they make their way from his room. "Handsome until you open that mouth."
It settles something deep inside him, and he lets out a shaky breath as Castiel’s fingers, hidden from the audience, stroke back and forth in a light, scratching motion.
“Did it hit your eye or just your cheekbone?” he asks in a quiet voice—completely calm to almost everyone’s ears, but Dean can hear the subtle notes of panic.
They talk about Sam’s chair for a while, discussing how he did it and what he used, as Dean catches up with his parents.
“I—” Castiel stops, his mouth opening and closing as he struggles for words—not something Dean sees often from his prince, if ever. “Do you know what it is like, Dean? To not know if someone is dating you for your power and wealth, or for who you truly are?”
Dean catches sight of the photos—the one from the Tunnel of Love is on all of them, front and center, but there are other photos too. Him and Cas eating dinner, laughing over their funnel cake; Cas smiling at him as he beats on the Whack-a-Mole, lost in the fun; him and Cas holding hands like it’s the most natural thing in the world. Dean clinging to Cas on the Ferris wheel, touching and touching and touching like it’s not an act of treason.
“Key kid,” Dean says, taking his ticket with barely a glance at the kid’s round, freckled face and grubby hands. “Want to make twenty bucks?”
A guy’s guy, who goes out for drinks with the boys, and laughs with ease, and can stare at another man for a solid eight, nine,
Dean laughs, reaching out a hand to ruffle Sam’s hair, but he swats it away. “You don’t even know him.”
Dean leans back on his heels, tapping his toes together, and… huh, he's wearing Castiel's shoes, too.
,” Susie says, setting the tray by his side before picking up the still-full lunch tray and stomping back into his room.
Dean fixes his suit, steeling himself as he steps off the platform and approaches Castiel, righteous anger boiling inside him.
“It's fine, really; I'm not going to ride her.” Dean stands back, watching as the stable boy throws a saddle over Cookie's back and straps her in.
Two sets of arms are around his neck, squeezing tight before he fully steps into the room, but he hugs them back, not caring that every pair of eyes is now on him.
Dean chokes on a laugh, or maybe it's a sob, but tears well up In his eyes before spilling over. They stream down his cheeks as it all comes out. "Mom," he croaks, his voice thick with sadness, and the other side of the line goes quiet.
Dean looks back at Castiel, who meets his eyes, holding steady and silently telling him not to give anything away. Yeah, like he's about to do
He’s not nervous, exactly—everyone here has seen him in a lot less than he is now—but Castiel… the man is in a room full of his
There's something else he wants to tell her, but he's not sure he should. It might be fine, but should he really go spreading around that he and Castiel got drunk together? That they joked and played and laughed like little kids? God, he wants to tell
Then, Susie places a hand on his arm and whispers in his ear, “I think I did the best job; you are the most handsome of them all.”
“Welcome.” Castiel’s smile is slight, and Dean can’t help but miss the one from dinner. “I thank you all for making it here tonight, and I hope you enjoy your time in the palace.” His eyes flick to meet every suitor, smiling softly before pausing on Dean as he addresses only the eleven of them, but loud enough for the room to hear. “My gratitude is immense. Having all of you here, away from your families, and willing to get to know me is the greatest compliment, and I hope I can do justice to your expectations.”
, and I can’t even imagine what he’s like in bed,” she whispers, giggling as she does. “Probably super commanding, you know? God, he’s so handsome.” She looks up to the ceiling with a sigh before seeming to remember herself. “Oh, and he seems like a decent guy, too. I could definitely tolerate him for the rest of my life, especially if he ages well.”
“Any questions?” Dean turns to face the council, and the family of royals, waiting with a pleased little smile and a feeling of satisfaction in his gut. He did good, he knows, and so what if he’s proud of himself? He’s allowed to be.
“Right,” Castiel says, hands twisting in the front of Dean’s shirt, pulling him into a scorching kiss. “The risk turns you on,” he says against Dean’s lips.
“Can I have a hint?” Dean asks as Castiel leads him down hallways and through sitting rooms, never once letting go of his hand. The opulence of the decor is insane up here—so much
me when he finds me!” Dean falls into the wall beside Castiel, whose shoulders jerk with silent laughter.
“When? Where? Why? How?” Charlie blurts in rapid succession, picking herself up off the floor with her eyes locked on Dean. Hannah won’t look at him, but he can tell she’s curious by the twitch of her eyes.
“Thanks, Charlie,” he says, despite his annoyance, and uncrosses his arms to wrap one around her shoulders. They settle in like that, watching in silence as the highlights of each day are covered, and Dean is surprised by how often he features—from the jokes he tells during dinner, to his interactions with the guards. There’s a lot of gossip about each other in the personal interviews, too, and Dean blushes and covers his face again when clips from his Tuesday interview are shown.
. Who wrote these?" He looks up at Duma, confusion and disbelief mixing inside him in a ball of emotion.
Castiel pops off his dick, giving himself a break in favour of wrapping his hand around Dean’s swollen erection, working up a steady rhythm as he decides what to do next.
Dean looks to Castiel then, sitting in his throne, adjacent to the suitors where they sit along the wall by the double doors they entered through. He's not looking at him, but there's a hint of a smile touching his lips that suggests he wants to.
“And a horrible cheat at Scrabble,” Dean adds, standing from his chair to let one of the others sit. He busies himself gathering two more while Castiel badmouths him to the others, then climbs onto Castiel’s bed, sitting cross-legged by his feet, like it’s the most natural thing in the world.
“Oh, this?” He picks up the book, studying the intricate, inlaid design on the leather cover instead of looking at her. “I’m trying to prepare for the interview, but having never done one before…” He trails off with a shrug, not really wanting to share all his feelings and doubts with her. Or anyone, for that matter.
“That’s a bit excessive,” Dean mumbles. He’s sure he’s not the only one Castiel seeks out in the middle of the day. In fact, he’s seen Castiel with others. “And not true.”
He stops, leaving Castiel to walk a few steps ahead, but he doesn't care. He's angry and more than a little upset at being left in the dark, but when Castiel whips around, he sinks into himself a little, hating the way the harsh angles of his face and the burn of fury in his eyes scares him a little.
Dean snorts, ruffling his now-dry hair and kicking his feet up on her bed. "Someone's got it out for you," he says, but even as the words leave him, something twists in his stomach—it tugs on his thoughts and reminds him… reminds him.
Dean cuts himself off when Lucifer's eyes meet his, a warning clear in their blue depths. So similar to Castiel's and yet, so different. His jaw snaps shut with an audible click and he looks away. Down at his food and the mess of chocolate sauce on the otherwise pristine napkin in his lap.
Susie zips up her case, pulling out the handle so it rolls on its wheels. Then she turns to him with a smile. "You are very handsome—if he can't see, then he doesn't deserve you." Then she kisses him on the cheek, before patting his freshly cut hair. "I have a few unmarried children—" She cuts herself off, shaking her head. "Nope, nevermind—you are a
“What’s this thing for, anyway?” he asks instead of whining some more, and Susie seems to appreciate it judging by her softer tone of voice when she answers him.
Dean can’t even imagine it—the kind of stress and grief he’d feel at losing a parent and immediately having to run a kingdom—and the reason behind the strain Dean's noticed in Castiel is made all too clear. His heart aches for his prince and he seems far more human now—for less indestructible.
Dean throws his door open, not bothering to lock it behind him, and hurries down the empty hallway. He needs a distraction,
for that,” Dean says under his breath, but by the laughter around the table, they all hear despite the music.
His breath catches, startled by the burning fire in Castiel’s too blue gaze, but he doesn’t look away—he can’t, even if he wanted to, he
“Hey, give me a go!” Charlie skips over, bright-eyed and ready for a fight. Dean arches an eyebrow, but when Jesse gives him a questioning look, he just shrugs.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he doesn't even have it in him to be offended. He just throws up his middle finger in the soldier's direction, all with a grin on his face.
“So getting fired,” he murmurs, not sounding like he gives a single fuck anymore, and Castiel has to laugh, because he wouldn’t even blame Dean’s boss.
“We’re playing Scrabble,” Castiel says, like that’s the only thing they could possibly be doing in here. “And eating lunch. There is nothing
It runs through his mind over and over; his only thought. Someone was there, and they were watching him. They were watching him, and they wanted him to know it. That's the only explanation he can come up with for why they stood there for so long, and why they didn't show themselves before Cookie took off.
have an eventful week, after all. “Yeah, I guess.” He shrugs, not even bothering to acknowledge the snort from April and the huff from Michael who, as per usual, are seated right next to Castiel's place setting—you know, just in case.
How quickly things change here—the sky, from blue to gray, and the prince, from hot to cold. He wishes this fickle place, with its fickle people, would slow down a bit and let him catch up.
"What's gotten into you?" Dean asks, scrunching up his nose a little. He doesn't even bother looking at the space around him yet—he needs answers.
?” He balks at the thought. This was such a traumatizing experience that he doesn’t think he’ll ever venture to try it again, no matter how nice it feels to know Castiel's horse likes him, or how much he enjoys sitting so high up—he really does enjoy it, though. He feels like he's on top of the world.
“Good evening, Amarellino!” She smiles wide at the camera as the crowd cheers, waving their hands as the bright camera lights reflect in their eyes, showing off their rosy cheeks and happy smiles. “After two weeks of getting to know the suitors, the first of the Fan-Favourites will be calculated. As you should all know, the favorites of the next few weeks will appear on a talk show with none other than the Crown Prince, himself.”
naive. He can feel the tears burning in his throat but, before they can well up, he shuts it down, blocking out his pain and masking it behind a cocky smile.
He learns that she comes from their neighboring kingdom, here only for the political alliance the king hopes to forge with a wedding. Dean is a little shocked by the information since they were all led to believe they were hand-picked by Castiel, himself. Then again, maybe she is, just not for love.
The room spins around him, dipping and swaying, but it feels good—not at all like he’s losing control, but more like he could conquer the world.
Dean sits up, confused by the abrupt shift in Castiel's mood, but he snatches up the book before it can slide off the cushions to the wood floor. "I'm sorry," Dean says, though he's sure Castiel doesn't hear it, and tucks the book back into its place before clambering to his feet and scanning the floor for his jacket and shoes.
Dean's heart pounds behind his ribcage, his lungs emptied of air as the cameraman rounds the corner, finding Castiel wide-eyed and startled, still in the suit he wore that day, as Benny tries to catch his breath.
"What's gotten into you, boy?" she asks him a few times over the hour or so that she works, but he just shrugs, one side of his mouth twitching up in a tiny grin.
did they get this?” Oh God, he’s going to pass out. Shit, shit, shit, when Castiel finds out about this— “Does he know?”
isn’t known well enough? A trickle of unease curls in his gut, though he’s not sure why. Surely, he’ll be next, right?
Hannah’s face falls, and for a fraction of a second, guilt starts to creep in, but Dean cuts it off quick. He needs to take care of himself right now.
He can feel Susie’s stare on the side of his face as he bypasses the bacon and eggs and goes for the small things. Her concern radiates off of her, and as much as Dean tries to ignore it, she doesn’t let up.
“I just want a peek…” Then she’s gone—inside the building and past the point of turning back. Dean takes a quick step forward, but he’s stopped by Hannah’s hand on his arm.
“I don’t get it, Suse,” Dean says, his head tipped back as he sits in a tub of bubbles while Susie rinses the shampoo from his hair into a basin. “I was sick. Why didn’t they come to see me?”
He turns away from Dean, all business now, and flags the doctor down. "I want them checked for poison—any oddity in their system at all—and then the food coming from the kitchens as well. Report back to me."
“It’s my favorite place in the palace.” Castiel slides the book back into place and brushes shoulders with Dean when he passes on his way to one of the trinket tables.
Dean sucks in a steady breath, more than a little tired of this line of questioning. He’s sure whatever’s on the sheet in Mick’s hand isn't authorized, just based on the fact that it’s
God, those beautiful, too-blue eyes. They’re exhausted—creased with whatever emotion he’s holding back—and so painfully unhappy that Dean swears he’ll do whatever it takes to make it better—
He breathes out a whistful sigh as the limousine turns into the parking lot, feeling a flutter longing in his chest for a future where he's allowed to do just that, but they stop outside a tiny cabin with smoke pouring from the chimney and the scent of hot apple cider wafting from every inch before he can get too far with the fantasy. This place is what Dean imagines heaven smells like, and he practically falls from the door when it’s opened.
For a moment, Benny doesn’t respond, just staring Dean down like he’s lost his damn mind, but when it clears, there’s pure, unbridled humor in his eyes. “You are somethin’ else, Winchester." He laughs, shaking his head with a smile.”But sure, I’ll find you a room.”
“So, who do you think it’ll be?” Kelly's voice perks up a bit as they hover on the other side of the fence, right by the place where Dean sits.
“Oh, thank God,” a voice whispers, and it sounds suspiciously like Castiel, but Dean’s warm, and comfortable, and too tired to open his eyes and see. “Dean?” Castiel pants out, closer this time, then fingers push their way through Dean’s tangled hair. “Dean, wake up.”
“Dean?” he questions, looking to him for answers since it’s with Dean he was supposed to meet before lunch.
“Come on, wake up.” Castiel’s fingers shake when they glide over Dean’s cheekbone, down to his stubbled jaw, before snaking around to the back of his head and resting there.
“He won’t,” Dean says, and of that, he’s sure. Castiel will be too damn livid to do anything but tuck-tail and run, too pissed off that Dean got the better of him to stick around. “And if he does,” Dean says, just to get him on his side. “I’ll let you in the side door.”
"I, uh—yeah, actually. Yeah, I do." Dean tries for an apologetic smile, but by the look on her face, it's more of a grimace than anything.
“What about the others?” Dean asks, trying not to sound ungrateful, though he’s worried that the other suitors are hungry, too.
Kelly looks at her cards, then the flop, before glances at Castiel through her lashes. “I’ll raise it to five,” she tells them, silky smooth voice accompanied by a sultry smile.
“You wound me,” Dean says, hand to his chest, and he knows he should be offended, but he’s too busy trying not to hyperventilate. In only a few short hours, he and Castiel will be leaving the palace. On a
Castiel sighs, but doesn’t respond as a flush darkens his cheeks, and the sight of it sends a shiver of delight through Dean—he revels in the happiness in Castiel’s eyes, knowing it’s rare to see it so purely.
Dean chokes on cherry and syrup, slapping a hand over his mouth before it spews all over the table. "Really?" Had they mentioned that before? He can't remember, but even so, it's news to him. Castiel only nods, watching his fork as he cuts his pie up in equal, bite-sized pieces. "Why?"
he did. No one's telling me anything, but I'm still here, so..." He doesn't know what else to say—it's all just so
Dean tears through Charlie’s front door like a bat out of hell. Or, well, a mechanic out of the hell-hole of his shop. He’s sweaty and covered in engine out, and there’s only about an hour to get ready before they’re late.
Castiel sighs, his gloved fingers brushing over Dean's, which sit in his own lap, clenched into tight fists. "You’re right; that was mean."
“Here, have a drink,” Charlie says when he makes it over to where she’s sitting with Hannah. “You look like you need one.” He takes the glass from her and smiles as he sips the amber whiskey, feeling it burn down his throat and soothe his nerves.
," he mocks in a high-pitched, whiny voice that makes him sound like a twelve-year-old girl. "Bullshit, you don't recall."
“Dean, I—” Castiel swallows and looks away. Dean can tell he wants to say something more—something real and meaningful—but doesn’t seem to know now. He opens and closes his mouth a few times but nothing comes out.
It would almost be funny if it weren't so terrifying, because Dean knows there's nothing complacent about that man. He's ruthless, Benny would say, as any Novak before him, and his bad side is vicious and unmerciful.
"Hey, Suse," he murmurs as he pulls a chair up beside the bed. He doesn't bother looking at anyone else as her head whips around, a scowl contorting the angles of her face into something harsher than he's used to.
All the air in Dean’s lungs wooshes out of him, leaving him exhausted and deflated. He can’t forgive her just like that—he
, Dean. Just get in there and get it over with." Benny pushes the doors open for him, both hands shoving into the heavy wood, letting them fling inward before stepping aside.
Dean can already feel the loss coming, but he bets anyway, tossing in another chip and waiting for Castiel’s bet like his dignity depends on it. It does, after all.
The sights and sounds and smells all mix together as they stand in line, and he’d be lying if he said he’s not a little overwhelmed by it all, but he’s shaking with excitement. Wants to do everything at once, and then all over again.
He does as he’s told, inhaling deeply before letting the air out in a rush. “Okay,” he says, shaking out his hands and psyching himself up for his second try. “Okay, I think I’m good.”
The murmurs of the crowd pull and shift, growing louder as the queen’s voice rises with it until she’s practically shouting at Dean from her throne.
Benjamin smiles and gets to work, finding the best apples so that Dean and Castiel barely have to do any work at all. They carry the basket between them, though, and Dean’s more than a little disappointed when that means he has to let go of Castiel’s hand, but he makes up for it in conversation.
The longer he listens, the more it sinks in that every single person he’s met in this palace has a life outside of serving the royal family, and he can’t help but wonder how many others have forgotten that, too?
“Why didn’t you dive for shore, Cas?” Dean whispers, grazing a finger over Castiel’s cheek, flushed from the cold and half-covered by the scarf Jo made him for Christmas that year. “It wasn’t far. Why didn’t you dive for shore?”
For the second time today, the crowd seems to collectively hold their breath. Dean can’t be sure, and it probably doesn't happen, but he almost thinks Castiel looks right at him before reading the name aloud.
“Watch where you’re going,” the guy says without turning around. He thrusts an empty champagne flute at Dean. “Get me another one, would you?”
“Anything for you,” Castiel whispers, shifting on the spot, and for the second time that morning, Dean notices the bumblebee slippers.
Sure, he finds it a little weird that he’s always last, and yeah, it’s terrifying right up until his name is called, but that’s exactly it—his name has
The sun rises more quickly this morning, it seems, though time passes like every second takes a minute to tick by. No one comes to see him—not Hannah or Charlie or anyone else—and eventually, he can’t handle the suffocating confines of the four walls of his room.
“Move, boy,” Susie says when all her death glare gets her is one in return, and she nudges him off the pedestal, fingers still tangled in the cord. With a hand at his back, she leads him to the bedroom, his bare feet slapping the cold marble flooring before sinking into the soft carpet when they reach the hallway. “Lie down on your bed; we will get this tied down one way or another.”
Dean pulls away. He won’t look at Cas, won’t let him see his face, and maybe it’s embarrassment colouring his cheeks because there’s no way Dean—his best friend since the first grade—has a crush on him.
Dean doesn’t really want to think about it—it’s a little harsh to send someone home like that, isn’t it? To not even give them the full week? But he guesses if Balthazar broke some kind of rule…
"Oh?" Castiel grins, his own breathing a little laboured as he leans in closer, chest to chest with Dean. "I thought when you said 'pin me' you meant now, not after you finished warming up with a few stretches."
“About getting caught?” Dean arches an eyebrow, grinning in the dark and, after a moment of confusion, Castiel rolls his eyes.
Then he's marching across the hall, full of purpose and barely contained tremors as he takes the stairs two at a time. Dean knows where he's going—knows he's coming for him—but nothing is cleared up by seeing it from another perspective like he'd hoped it would be.
his fault—Castiel's choices of who stays and who goes are his alone, as far as Dean knows, and he refuses to let himself feel like he should be going home instead of her.
The silence hangs between them, and Dean knows she knows why, but she doesn’t mention it, and he’s more than a little grateful for that.
to ride a horse, and that he fell off. Or, maybe he’ll ask Castiel if his mom can send him a few pairs of his own jeans, or if he can maybe go visit them one of these free Saturdays—just for the day.
The door swings open almost as soon as it latches behind him, and Dean heaves a deep sigh, closing his eyes and speaking before Benny can chew him out again.
Castiel under icy fingers, but he doesn’t, too afraid he won’t feel a thing. “I miss you,” he says again, a true thing.
All these people… they move up the stairs, completely at ease and in their element, and Dean doesn't even notice the way he leans forward into the light, watching with a perverse kind of awe, trying to soak up even an ounce of their confidence.
“Let me see,” Susie says, shoving the garment bags at Dean as she reaches for the clipboard, and he almost collapses under the weight of them with a startled
“Keep Benny with you at all times; if the people who sent the letter have the ability to bypass security with mail, there is nothing to say they can’t breach the walls of this palace as well…” Dean can practically see Castiel’s mind whirring as he thinks everything through. “I need you to check in a few times a day, as well. With me, preferably, but if you must, it can be with Susie. Actually, it’s probably best if you wear a tracking device, just in case—”
“I was told you were hungry and there’s too much food for me alone.” Castiel pulls out a chair for Dean, who takes it almost without a thought.
“It’s fine, Joshua.” The guard nods and takes a step back as Dean clutches his now-hairless big toe, glaring at Susie.
Dean steps into his shoes, taking his time with the laces before he’s finally done all the delaying he can. He heads for the door, holding Susie’s eyes the whole way, and when he reaches her side, he sweeps her up in a crushing hug.
It seems he doesn’t really have a choice, though, because the other person turns suddenly, like someone just called them inside and, as they move towards the doors, the light illuminates their body.
He hasn’t even managed to change out of his suit yet when someone knocks on the door. Dean pulls it open, scowling already, but it falls away when he finds Castiel on the other side.
“Number seven—Meg Masters, for being mean to Dean Winchester, uh…” Her voice lifts at the end, as if in a question, and Dean huffs—did she not prepare this at all? It’s like the first time she’s reading through her cards—
“All in, darling,” Castiel says, catching Dean so off guard that he gets in a nice little jab to the ribs.
“What was that all about?” Charlie asks as she leans in closer, her eyes following Castiel as he rounds the table and Meg practically throws herself at him again.
Castiel’s fingers are warm against his own they Dean slides them together, intertwining them as he takes the last few steps to meet him. It feels right, somehow, to be holding his hand. It feels sweet and good, and just…
a performance. He's just that bad at this, and he kind of hates it, no matter how adorable everyone thinks he is for it.
Dean leans into Charlie’s side, who shovels food into her mouth, not bothering to jump into the conversation alongside the others. “What’re they doing?”
It's funny how I can spend days by myself normally, but as soon as self-isolation hits, all I want to do is call up everyone I've ever met to hang out. (Not actually doing this, and never actually would, but still)
With that thought solidifying in his mind, Dean calms down a bit, letting go of the tension in his muscles as he slips into some sleep pants and heads to the bathroom to brush his teeth before bed.
it. He had, but the viewers don't need to hear it in such intimate terms. "He doesn't mind that I call him that, so I do." He shrugs it off like it's not a big deal and, thank God, Duma drops it for now.
He latches onto the opportunity, and a grin spreads across his face as the idea that's been turning in his mind since last Saturday comes to the forefront.
“How would black not match?” Susie’s head whips around so fast, he hears her neck crack, but before she can correct him, Dean rolls his eyes. “Fine,
“I promise,” Darren says, standing up a little straighter. He thrusts his hand in the air, pinky finger out. “Pinky swear.”
“It’s… enlightening.” Caesar says, pausing for a moment before nodding like it’s a fitting word. “You learn a lot about the world, and the kingdom, and how it’s all run. But, you know, it’s more than just that—you learn about people, too. The lengths they’re willing to go to get what they want.”
bad. There’s something desperate in the way Castiel looks at him, like Dean can fix this, like he’s ever been able to fix anything, but he
Dean thinks about it for a moment, opening and closing his mouth a couple of times as he picks exactly the right words to say so that he doesn’t sound like an asshole. “How do I feel about Balthazar being sent home?” He internally applauds himself for remember to say that, and continues on. “I didn’t really get to know him, you know? We didn’t talk, so I won’t really miss him. I don’t really feel much sadness to see him go, other than I know he won’t get the chance to get to know the prince, which is sad for him.” Dean shrugs and waits with a grin for the next question. It’s only his second personal interview, but he thinks he’s doing pretty well.
“No,” Dean cuts her off, anger rising inside him as he steps closer, getting in her space. “You need to tell him, Kelly. He’s a good man, and
A soft flush colours the part of Dean’s cheekbone not cut off by the door, and now Castiel wishes he could see the sweet colour where he knows it extends to his neck, into his chest, down his torso, and…
“Charlie,” Dean says, finding his friend in the huddle. Maybe she’ll know what’s going on, and if not, at least she’ll ease his worries. “This some kind of test?”
“Sweet dreams, my darling,” Castiel whispers, stepping away with that smile that warms Dean to the core.
Dean drops to the fountain’s edge, facing the grand balcony as he contemplates just falling back into the tumbling water. He could sink into the shallow pool—it wouldn’t even cover his face… probably—and forget for a while. He could do it, but what’s the point?
“Fine.” Castiel pushes out of his chair again, this time, preparing to leave. “I will have Duma draft something and sign off on it by tomorrow morning. Dean,” he says, turning to him for the first time.
Dean meets the bet, counting eight chips in his pile. Eight articles of clothing if he loses this hand.
She puckers her lips in a kiss, blowing one Dean’s way with a wink and a grin. Then she turns to the guys—Novak is chatting with Charlie, giving Dean no more of a look than Dean gives one of Sammy’s heart-healthy bowls of rabbit food. “What do y’all say to a dance?”
Dean blinks, taken aback by the order. Annoyance bristles under his skin as he arches an eyebrow at his prince.
Castiel takes a slow walk around the room, crossing into Dean’s line of sight as he peruses the table settings and adjusts a few things, before finally turning to look at the lot of them.
Castiel laughs, shaking his head as he wraps an arm around Dean's waist to keep himself steady. "It was," he whispers, his voice soft and rumbly, and there's a tiny smile on his lips as he stares at his feet. "Thank you, Dean."
He throws his head back, a deep, belly laugh bursting from his as he closes his eyes—it’s about damn time someone told it like it is, but the whole kingdom? Dean couldn’t have hoped for more.
He holds the gentle kiss for a single, lingering second before letting Dean’s fingers fall from his and straightening up. Dean would swear that, even in the dark, he’s got a blush to rival all others.
He’s so busy trying not to peel his skin off strip by strip, that he almost misses the hushed voices coming from down the hall.
“What’s the matter?” Castiel asks, his hand sliding down Dean’s arm, sending a shiver through him that has nothing to do with the cool autumn breeze ruffling his hair.
ride her—that’d be a good bragging point, but then he’d have to tell him about the fact that he doesn’t actually know
“Yeah, no shit,” Charlie says, rolling her eyes, and did he just say that out loud? He did—he fucking did—and now there’s heat rising in his cheeks and, oh God, he’s
“It is, yes,” Castiel says, looking around on his own. He looks so small in the king-sized bed, tucked under thick covers of cream and gold, his head nestled into a pile of goose-feather pillows.
“Dean?” Hannah says, her voice soft and hesitant as she lays a hand on his shoulder. He turns to face her, but doesn't speak—he's not mad, but he does wish she could respect who he is. “I’m…I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t upset you.”
It takes a moment, but after some hesitation, Castiel lifts his foot and shuffles a step forward. Then another, and another, and another until he’s making his stumbling way around the rink.
“You’re going to regret that,” Dean says, quiet enough that he shouldn’t be heard over the din, but Matt’s eyebrow quirks. Dean pulls off his sling, rolling his shoulder and ignoring the twinge as he steps closer, molars grinding and heart thundering.
He doesn’t bother with the jacket, already too warm, and he can better show off the vest without one. So, he slips on his shoes and steps from the closet with a smile. When did he stop being such an absolute disaster? Last week? The week before?
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked,” Castiel whispers, pulling away as he knock on the door, and Dean wants to stop him—wants to hold him back and tell him yes, if Castiel allows it, he could call this place home for the rest of his life—but he doesn’t and he’s not sure why.
The woman’s smiling face falters, and with a hesitant glance over her shoulder, she says, “Umm, no. I’ll be conducting tonight’s interview, your highness.”
“Oh, hush,” he says, waving him off as she zips up a garment bag, but he can see the pink in her cheeks, and the pleased smile trying to turn up the corners of her mouth. “Go get ready for dinner.”
“You know what happens if you don’t?” Lucifer gets close enough to elbow Castiel in the face, his head snapping back as he grunts in pain, blood seeping from the small cut on his cheekbone.
“His highness has an outing tonight,” Mick says, sounding as bored as Dean feels. “One of his charitable organizations requires an on-site visit—”
“Thank you.” Dean hangs up, putting the phone back in the cradle with a weird feeling in his stomach. Sort of like he’s a piece of shit for yelling at the staff, but what else could he do? Castiel is
There’s still that niggling little problem of Lucifer prickling in the back of his mind like a bad stink.
Dean huffs, dropping back into the seat beside the hospital bed Castiel is propped up in. “For making you skate, dumbass.”
The hallway seems to stretch on forever, but when he gets to the last portrait, he only finds Castiel’s grandmother—the most recently deceased ruler of the Novak line.
“Does it hurt?” he asks, tracing the line with his thumb as he rests his palm along Castiel’s jaw, his fingers sinking into dark, perfectly gelled hair.
“It’s disrespectful to have him here. Like, a commoner is as good as the rest of us, who know basic manners, at least. The prince might as well have a dog sitting at the table with the rest of us for the way Dean eats his food.” No one says anything, but Dean can feel all eyes on him as he stares straight ahead, not daring to meet anyone’s gaze.
"I have not," he drawls, but his brows come together, deepening the crease between his eyes as he shifts. "Odd, huh?"
“Not now,” Castiel snaps, shouldering through the door with Dean on his heels, not so much as looking at Dean’s poor excuse for a guard. He slams the door behind them, removing his hand from Dean’s back to pace the room. For the first time, as Castiel shoves his fingers through his hair, Dean notices that they’re shaking.
"Up you get, Mr. Winchester." Susie pats his shoulders, jerking Dean from his snooze. He opens his eyes to see her packing away her things.
"Here is to another week of getting to know each other." They raise their glasses high, letting the camera's get all their needed footage, before tossing back the sweet, bubbly drink.
“On top of that, with everyone having access to healthcare, the workable population will increase, which will put more money back into the system. It’s cyclical, you see,” Dean says, doing a circular motion with his hands as excitement lights up his eyes. “With universal healthcare, we lower the risk of pandemic-level viral spread due to a decreased level of homelessness, which will ultimately save the kingdom both in crisis funds and homelessness efforts.”
All Dean can do is stand there and take it as she goes on and on, picking him apart like a vulture. The air in his lungs solidifies as every set of eyes in the space turn on him. Even the suitors, who try not to look like they’re looking, but do anyway. Anger bubbles up in his stomach, mixing with the deep, shameful humiliation. He’s going to be sick.
When he glances up from where he stands in the doorway, doubled over with his hands on his knees, he finds the whole room is staring at him. From the other suitors to the camera crew to the guards standing at every door, and—
“Hi,” Dean says, smiling at the young girl, but he doesn’t move, and she doesn’t ask him to. Instead, she lowers herself down beside him, arms spread and decidedly
Then he's gone, stepping into the light with purpose; like he's meant to be there. And, somehow, Dean follows, tucked in close to Castiel's side, just behind his shoulder as Castiel's name is announced to the crowd.
Castiel has his own private chuckle, but turns into Dean, coming chest to chest. “I should go,” he says, whispering right into Dean’s ear. It sends a shiver down his spine, his breath catching in his throat when Castiel’s honey-sunshine washes over his, his fingers grazing the ribbed side of Dean’s waistcoat before stroking down the back of his arm. “Be good.”
Dean opens his mouth to respond—what he plans to say, he's not sure—but they both jump when a shrill, feminine voice reaches them from across the field. Dean whips around, eyes wide and heart racing, but it sinks when he sees her majesty, the queen, losing her shit on Victor.
He gets it, and just the fact that Castiel's leaving it up to him speaks volumes. Dean's once again reminded of the reason he's here in the first place. It's
He lets himself sink into the marble, every muscle and joint protesting the solid surface, but he doesn’t care. It gives him something to think about other than the horrible, aching weight of rejection steadily creeping in with every hour that passes without a peep from Castiel.
“‘m s’posed to deliver four more pizzas,” Dean slurs, his back arching when Castiel runs his teeth over his left nipple. He soothes the sting with his swirling tongue before moving to the other, giving it the same treatment. “So gonna be fired.”
Dean lets a smile curve his lips. He knows when he's not wanted, and that's fine. They want their privacy—he gets that. "Sure thing, Suse." He pushes up from his chair and replaces it by the other bed. Then he meets the sunken eyes of Susie's husband for just a moment. "Make sure she doesn't stir up too much trouble?"
It's the second time the deep, gravelly voice speaks to him, but the first time Dean registers who it is, exactly, and he snaps to attention when Castiel pulls him into the flood of people.
Her floor-length dress is made of some kind of soft, flowing material, its floral pattern of reds and oranges contrasts her long, thrift store beads and tweed jacket, and Dean grins at the sight of it—she looks like his kind of person; someone he might’ve played games in the street with as a child.
The space is half-filled with little round tables, seating four at the most and even then, it’s crowded. The other half is taken up by a long, solid oak countertop, and behind it sit cooling racks filled with desserts, three ovens, glowing with
His stomach twists up in knots at the thought, and all this because he kissed Castiel. Or Castiel kissed him, he can’t say. All he remembers is lips on his and hands in his hair, and so much fucking
,” Dean says, smiling as he shakes his head. “Your soldiers aren’t exactly the most welcoming bunch. I swear, I almost pissed myself.”
Mr. Winchester! It’s easier.” With that, she rips off another strip and Dean squeaks, his eyes squinting as he bites his lower lip and tries not to tear through the cushion with his newly trimmed fingernails.
, it was a guard. He can see the suit in his mind's eye, against the horizon and waist-deep in the tall grass. Someone had followed him—probably Benny—when they realized he'd gone off on his own.
The room erupts into cheers—cast, and crew together—except for a select few who grumble in the corner, but he expects that. Dean still can’t believe it—he was
Dean chances a peek to his left, catching Castiel’s side glance before they both look away, but butterflies flutter in Dean’s belly, and for the first time this week, he thinks maybe he won’t be going home so soon after all.
weren’t, and now that I think of it, neither was the dear Crown Prince.” Charlie’s bright red head cuts into his line of sight as she hops in front of him, one eyebrow raised as Hannah’s feet join the picture.
He’s so distracted by his own annoyance and the ache in his feet that he runs right into someone skating the
“Okay, fine, but look at the boards!” Dean points to the waist-height boards circling the ice rink. “Something to hold onto.”
Dean’s just drifting off again, in the barely-there sensation between waking and sleep, when warm lips brush his cheekbone.
“Hello, Dean.” The deep, gravelly rumble of Castiel’s voice sends shivers down Dean’s spine, settling low and hot in his stomach as a flush works its way up the back of his neck. “May I come in?”
“No one has ever asked me that before,” Castiel tells him, so soft Dean almost doesn’t hear the words over their echoing steps. “I would like to think I am, yes. For the most part, I’m content.” Then he looks at Dean, meets his eyes and holds them through the moonlit hallways. “I’m happy now.”
The dining hall is half full when Dean steps in, and he grabs a seat beside Hannah, who yawns into the back of her hand, blinking twice before she smiles up at Dean.
Dean pulls his shirt back on, dirt-smudged and wrinkled, but leaves it unbuttoned as he strolls across the grounds. With his jacket slung over one shoulder and a soft breeze cooling his heated skin, he whistles to the tune of the songbirds flying over his head.
Castiel takes a deep, steadying breath and nods, relief melting his fear until the scowl morphs into a tentative smile. “Okay,” he whispers, his eyes brightening in a way Dean’s only seen a handful of times.
"Oh, Dean, my boy!" She reaches out with shaking, wrinkled hands, and he leans forward just a touch so she can place them on his cheeks. "You look healthy!" Her thinning red hair hangs in her milky blue eyes—she was beautiful once, long before time and tragedy stole her hope away—but she's a warm, caring woman, and Dean loves her dearly.
Anyway, the angst is almost over, so don't worry! Questions will be answered and we can all get back to happy Dean/Cas!
“I fold,” April says, tossing in her cards and standing from the circle in a huff. “I’m too mature for these childish games and, quite frankly, I’m appalled that this is being allowed to happen.”
Dean's stomach flips as the towel falls from his head to pool at his back. He takes a deep breath and pushes himself to his feet, untying the knot at his waist and letting the robe slide off his shoulders until he's in nothing but his briefs.
Just thinking of Castiel gives him the warm and fuzzies, melting his fears in seconds and making him feel more secure than he ever has. What will he do without that man, when he's sent home and never gets to see him again? Or worse, he has to see him with someone else?
Dean thinks about it long and hard. There’s so much he wants to know—so many stories she could tell about his prince before he became the man he is today. It’s almost overwhelming—how does he choose just one question? One age to ask about? He can picture it—Cas as a shy little boy with dirt smudged on his cheeks and grass-stains on his tailored trousers. Or as a jangly teenager, all arms and legs and one-hundred percent sass—and he wants to know all of them, even if it’s just through Hannah’s stories.
“Yes, boy. You need more suits, now come on.” She tosses him a robe before turning her back to him and marching down the hall.
"Where are we going?" Castiel doesn't answer while they climb the grand staircase, but he keeps close, his gloved fingers brushing Dean's sleeve while he searches the landing above.
Susie looks at him for a moment, her deep brown eyes surveying him before she nods. “I’ll be inside.” Then she’s gone, closing the door behind her with a soft click.
“Likewise,” Jo smiles, and Dean has to admit, she’s pretty. With long, curling blonde hair, and lively eyes, he’s sure she’ll have no trouble catching the Prince’s attention.
“You!” Susie shouts, and he's so busy trying to ignore the cold that he jumps, but when he looks up at her it's not him she's yelling at, but
“Castiel, darling—oh,” the queen says, sticking her head in the door before opening it more fully and stepping inside when she spots Dean. “I came to see how you are doing, but it seems Dean has beaten me to it.” She arches an eyebrow, looking at Dean like he shouldn’t be here. And maybe he shouldn’t, according to laws and rules and all that crap. “This is incredibly inappropriate, Castiel. To be alone in your bedroom with one of your suitors is uncouth.”
All the tension in her shoulders seems to melt away as she grins wide, bumping his arm with her elbow. “Thanks, Dean.” She stares up at him for a moment, thinking, and he waits for her to figure out whatever’s spinning around in her head. “You know what? I like you. I can see why you’re the favorite.” She turns away, diving for her mimosa before Balthazar can snatch it away, and Dean doesn’t get a chance to ask her what she means by that because, just as he opens his mouth, trumpets sound, and Castiel walks out of the castle, followed by a set of guards.
"There was some fun out on the grounds yesterday. Sword fighting I believe?" A flash of a smile turns up her lips. "Tell us about that."
. That angry, closeted teenager is nothing but a memory—a ghost, dead and gone not long after his dad.
it?" His voice is dangerously low, but he's frozen to the spot, too off balance to move even a muscle. "You walked in on me today, just for the record, and as for the whole
It’s like deja vu, sliding between his house and the next. Like a straight shot back to his teen years when sneaking out late and coming home early were the only things that kept him from tearing the house apart. When all he wanted was to get out of there.
And so, he wanders, taking far too many turns to find his way back, but who cares? He finds the bathroom, takes a much needed pee, and while washing his hands, he happens to glance at himself in the mirror.
“You’re an idiot,” Dean huffs, crossing his arms and looking around the entrance hall for something to distract him from his nagging insecurities. They found themselves perched on the steps about an hour ago for no particular reason other than it’s a quiet place to talk.
The noon hour sun beats down on Dean’s freckled cheeks as he tilts his face to the sky and closes his eyes.
"Well," she starts, and he can already hear it in her voice that this is a rehearsed speech. "Earlier today while Castiel and I were on our walk, I felt like you were trying to get his attention. He was with me—that was our time together, you know?—and I feel like you didn't respect that."
Charlie cackles both on-screen and off, her head thrown back as TV Meg's face contorts with rage, and she digs her claws into a cabbage roll before hurling at Charlie, who ducks out of the way just in time. Off-screen, Meg's mouth is so pinched up, it looks like a dog's asshole.
tabloid magazines is my eldest son, heir to my throne, groping one of his suitors like a horny teenager.”
He stays like that until his hair is soaked and droplets start trickling down his neck. Only then does he open his umbrella and move away from the door.
Dean’s future suddenly seems so clear, and yeah, it’s not the one he wants—not with Castiel as his husband, but with him as his soldier—but it’s better than starving. Better than working himself to the bone and
A camera zeros in on them but Dean really couldn't care less as bubbly joy swells in his stomach. Jo waves for Castiel's attention across the table, and Meg pulls her hand back every few seconds, restraining herself from getting Castiel's attention in the only way she knows how, but Castiel just watches him, oblivious to all of it.
“What kind of game?” Dean murmurs. He doesn’t think he could speak up if he tried, but Castiel hears him just fine.
"Here," Castiel says, stepping in between him and Kelly, their shoulders brushing as he keeps his distance from her. He does some complicated things on the computer that Dean isn't even going to try to follow, then takes Dean's hand in his.
The weather has taken a sharp turn into bitterly cold and miserable since last week, but Dean doesn’t really mind. He likes wandering the halls of the palace, empty and quiet, or filled with the ringing sound of polished shoes.
“Are you okay?” Dean asks, the words barely a whisper in the silence of his empty room. Not a peep of sound filters under the door, no footsteps, no rolling carts. He looks on the edge of a meltdown—something Dean’s only seen a handful of times—like the smallest thing could crumble him.
“Yeah, if, as you say, this whole Prince Charming thing doesn’t work out, why not?” He shrugs, leaning back against the wall and crossing one ankle over the other. Thinking about things not working out with Castiel isn't exactly the best distraction from
"Lead the way," Castiel says, waving a hand for Dean to walk, a smile on his face that's nothing short of indulgent. "Though, we won't be able to go around without my Guard, and I have it on high authority that Russell isn't fond of carnival rides."
“I’m trained in first-aid.” He gives a half shrug, his blue eyes almost grey with the pale light shining through the open windows. “My military service was primarily spent as a medic, rather than a soldier, though I’m trained in combat as well.”
"They weren't going to let me give a statement," Dean says, his voice stronger than he thought it'd be, and he finds that his anger isn't gone like he thought it was. The bitter taste of resentment sharpens his words and he narrows his eyes on the Crown Prince.
"I will go first," Castiel tells him, so close to his ear he can almost feel the words against his skin, "and when the proceedings start, you can follow. They should be preoccupied by then. If you wish, of course."
“Yes,” Dean breathes, and it’s true; it’s more than enough to keep Dean here because all he wants is Castiel. Forever.
“My name is Castiel Novak, son of Pastor Charles Novak,” he says, the name stirring something in the crowd, as he knew it would. His voice trembles, shakes and shivers, but he presses on, feeling something loosen in his chest as he speaks his truth. “And I’m fucking gay.”
After they’re in place, they wait…and wait…and wait. There’s a whole lot of rushing around going on, but it doesn’t actually look like anything is getting done. Cameramen set up equipment, before taking it all down again, just to set it up somewhere else, and Mick is running around like a chicken with his head cut off.
“I suppose there’s some gossip to be learned,” Hannah muses, sipping from her water glass as she watches Kelly. “On the other hand, it might be nothing. Perhaps just overblown expectations gone unmet.” She lifts her shoulders in a delicate shrug, her burnished bronze gown rippling in the midday sun.
That's about how the rest of the interview goes. Mick gets more and more frustrated with every half-assed, honest answer Dean gives, and eventually, the interview is cut short.
The beige leather seats lighten the otherwise dark interior, and the tinted windows keep the sun out of Dean's eyes as the other suitors pass around a bottle of champagne. They’re in their own little bubble with the divider up between them and the driver—no bulky cameras—and only Nicholas with a small hand-held as the rest of the TV crew leads the way, and a fleet of guards follows behind.
"Yeah, you asshole," Dean pants, every breath ruffling Castiel's hair as he lowers himself back down, letting go of Dean's wrists to let their fingers intertwine.
John wanders off to find another drink and Sam chases after him. Mary turns to Dean, her eyes shining with concern in the rich, golden lights of the crystal chandelier. “They’re treating you well here, right?” She takes his hands in both of hers, giving his fingers a soft squeeze.
“Here,” Dean says, skating up behind Castiel where he clings to the boards. “I got you something to make it easier.”
"Damn, man, not as good as you! Come on, let me look." He pushes Dean back a step, looking him up and down with a smile. "Never seen you look so happy, man." He pats Dean's cleanly shaven cheek before glancing over his shoulder as the security detail does their sweep.
There’s a moment where all they do is watch each other, standing far too close for regulation, before Castiel breaks the silence with a click of his tongue.
“No shit, dumbass,” Charlie says, stealing a sausage from his plate while he’s distracted. He swats at her hand but doesn't really fight too hard to get it back. “She knows what jeans are, but why are you wearing them?”
It’s like it all happens in slow motion—Dean snatches Charlie up, lifting her off her feet and twisting her behind him as a fist flies their way. He’s not sure which side it comes from, or who throws it, but when it hits him in the side of the head, he drops like a stone.
Dean stops, looking down at the little boy, who can’t be more than four, who stares up at him with big brown eyes and an old, dirt-stained panda clutched in his fist.
“Fine,” he says, turning his back on Lucifer for some distance, but he only makes it a couple steps before Lucifer swings, hitting him in the kidney with the edge of the sword.
Dean’s head snaps up when the doors open and April steps in, face flushed and bright-eyed, effectively cutting Charlie off. Charlie huffs but doesn’t try to catch his attention again as April squeals and drops into the seat beside Meg.
“I—” Castiel says, voice choked and face strained. His knuckles are white where they clutch the door handle, but he doesn’t move away. It’s like the prince doesn’t know where to look, so he just looks everywhere, but when he finally reaches Dean’s eyes, it’s with a whispered, “Fuck.” He blinks a few times, shakes his head, and stumbles out, pulling the door shut behind him.
Dean’s stomach turns, clenching with unease at the suggestive way she sways toward him. He looks around—does no one else see this? She’s
That’s how they proceed for the next half hour; going through the daily schedule while Castiel makes suggestions, and Dean listens in to the strategic genius that is his prince’s mind. He asks questions that hadn’t even crossed Dean’s mind to ask, and makes comments on the little details that undoubtedly would’ve made his own childhood easier.
Dean holds his breath the entire time. He’s certain this much touching breaks all kinds of rules, but he doesn’t dare to say anything—not just because he’s pretty sure the
“Heya, Sammy,” Dean says, smiling at the sound of his baby brother’s voice. He cringes at the nasally tone of his own, hoping maybe Sam won’t notice. “How’re things?”
"Me first," Susie tells Castiel, who stops in his tracks with his eyes trained on Dean, but he doesn't argue, stepping back with a nod as Susie forces her way in behind Dean and closes the door.
“Yeah.” Dean lowers himself down beside them, careful with the silk suit Susie put him in this morning. “I was thinking maybe you could train me while I’m here, so when I’m kicked out I can join up right away—”
“Hey, sweetheart,” he whispers, feeding it to her before stroking her nose with stiff fingers. “You hear how mean she is to me?” Cookie sniffs, ruffling Dean’s hair as he grins, pressing a kiss to the soft spot between her eyes.
“Yeah, look there,” Dean says, pointing to the dark, grainy footage of Matt pushing him, then knocking him sideways with a fist to the face. “He hits first, see?”
“Good job, Dean!” Sarah cheers, and he looks to her with a cocky grin, shooting her a wink when she throws her hands up in celebration.
Dean smirks at the thought of that bloodbath, but the guy is too busy flipping through sheets of paper to notice.
“Oh, fuck off,” Dean laughs, swaying towards Castiel to bump his shoulder on the arm of the chair. “I've decided it's her mission in life to embarrass me, which apparently means undressing me in a room full of people.” He shrugs, more unbothered than he ever thought he'd be.
It’s in the last fifteen minutes of the show, which is only about an hour long, so Dean gives it as much of his attention as he’s able while having Susie wax his thighs.
Castiel takes up the final rose between gloved fingers, and without even a moment’s hesitation, or a hint of doubt, he says, “Dean.”
“Shut up.” Yeah, they’re all aware, okay? Doesn’t mean he needs to hear about it every thirty seconds.
Dean wanders deeper into the palace, passing through archways into hallways he's never seen before. The decor changes the farther he goes—the light, airy hallways of polished white and shiny gold accents morphs into deep, rich reds and dark wood when Dean steps into a sitting room. There's more money in every inch than Dean's seen in all his life. From the vaulted ceilings, ribbed with exposed beams and a chandelier that shoots light off in every direction.
"Dinner time, brother," he says, raising an eyebrow at Dean's hair, which he's sure is an all-out mess.
“Might as well be.” Dean slaps a hand down on his prince’s thigh where it’s nestled right up tight to his, but despite the way he clenches, he doesn’t move away, or even brush Dean off. What’s going on with him? First he kisses Dean, then he runs away and doesn’t talk to him for two days, and now this? Seriously?
“Oh, yeah? What are you g—” Dean’s fist connects with a sickening crunch, sending Matt to his ass, blood pouring from his nose as Dean shakes out his fist. Adrenaline pumps through him—he shakes with it, and every part of him locks up as a ringing starts in his ears.
"It's alright," Castiel says, but the lift is swaying, and he can't even make himself look back at Russell, who must be feeling as queasy as he is, though he's probably much better at hiding it. How pathetic is he? Sitting here, on the date of his dreams with the man of his dreams, afraid of a Ferris wheel?
"Oh, there's Dorothy," Charlie chirps, dropping the pizza onto her plate as she pops out of her seat. "See you later, Sunshine."
With a groan-shout that rivals the dramatics of even April, Dean rolls out of bed, stumbling to his feet in nothing but a pair of sleep pants. "I hate you for this.” Dean shoots her a blistering glare. "You know that, right?"
“Camera’s, rolling, and… Duma,” Mick says, pointing to Duma, who stands in a pristine, light grey pantsuit.
, he's sure of it, and when he looks at the clock, his stomach flips. "The viewing's about to start," he says, panic and hope mixing in his tone as he glances down at her head.
He should call. He should, right? He should call? He should yell? He should demand his free pizza, and his extra money, and maybe one of those warm cinnamon pull-aparts—
“Well, when we were young—say six or seven—Castiel and I were in the middle of a tutoring session, coming up on a big test, and I was trying so hard to pay attention…” She laughs, shaking her head at the memory. “But Castiel was bored, and he has always been one to fidget, so when our tutor turned his back, Castiel just stood up and…” There’s a pause as she reaches for the words. “Danced it out, I suppose would be the best description for what he did.”
It’s only when he’s lying on his side, wrapped up tight as the orange light distorts the room, that he lets himself feel the pain again as tears leak from the corners of his eyes.
“Oh.” He nods, having already forgotten about that amidst all his other worries. “Well, uh, thanks for bringing it to my attention.” He’d already been aware of it, of course, but knowing that even those in the palace—the richest place in the kingdom—live without proper healthcare, opened his eyes to just how widespread the problem is.
Panic surges inside him, forcing him from the shadows without a second thought. He goes for the back door, knowing there’s only one lock and just how to pick it.
"No, no." Castiel shakes his head, almost violent in the movement, and it looks more like denial than assurance. "No, I—" He stops, swallowing hard as he stares at the marble floors. It's dark by this point, so there's no rainbow light to tip him off, but Dean sees the exact moment Castiel thinks of it. "Take Miss Blake back to her room, then return here."
.” Michael’s voice is cold and detached—not nearly as full of malice as Meg’s, but Dean would say that’s just because he doesn’t care.
With an arm around his waist, Charlie steers him towards the cabin, chattering away about apples. Following behind the rest of the shivering suitors, gravel crunching beneath their perfectly polished shoes, Dean can't help but search Castiel out in the crowd, and he finds him with his head bent close to April's, smiling as he listens to her talk.
“I can’t save you from this, Dean. There’s nothing I can do.” The pain in Castiel’s eyes tells Dean everything he needs to know. He’s already thought this through from every angle, tried to come up with a solution, and failed miserably at even that.
“I think that’s all of them,” April says, breaking the silence as she toes at the pile of wrapping paper. It draws Castiel’s attention, his smile turning to her as Dean leans back, his heart still pounding.
"I was eleven," he says, and it takes Dean a minute to realize Castiel is telling him a story. "It was the first year my nanny allowed me to attend the carnival alone—well, with my Guard, that is—and I had to promise I would take Russell on all the rides."
There’s so much fire burning inside him—so much anger and resentment—that he’s almost across the entrance hall before the grand double doors swing in.
“I have. These are my favorites; the ones I keep for myself.” Castiel stops beside him, pulling the nearest book free from its case. “My father had it built for me when I was very young. It’s all I wanted for my sixth birthday when Samandriel was born.”
His prince saunters over, sleeves rolled up, sword swinging at his side, with the cockiest, most confident smirk Dean’s ever seen on his normally stoic face. He looks happy, and just that tiny little revelation soothes the sting of Dean’s embarrassment more than anything else could.
“Oh,” Charlie says, dropping the annoyance, and crosses her arms over her chest. “Huh, thought I did.” Then she bobs one shoulder in a half-shrug. “The soldiers are waiting with the car; you need to get dressed.”
“There,” Castiel whispers, his breath brushing over Dean’s lips when he speaks, and Dean has to consciously hold back a gasp. “All clean. Don’t move, please.”
Before Dean can say anything more, the doors open and two guards step inside. Dean's heart skips a beat, butterflies flutter in his stomach, and warmth, like he's only ever felt with one person, takes him over.
Dean’s stripped down to his t-shirt, much like most of the others, and is dusted in more flour than not. It’s been a good time, even if Kelly did slice the top layer of skin off her finger while peeling her apples, too busy ogling Castiel to pay attention.
“Thank you for telling me, Dean,” he says, even softer now, and Dean meets his eyes, looking up from the floor as those baby-blues find his. “There is so much I do not see, and I appreciate your honesty more than you will ever know.”
"But you are upset, and I don't see the point in trying to get to know any of you if I can't offer to listen when you need someone." Castiel pulls him in closer when Dean's eyes start to water, and he goes willingly, leaning into Castiel's side and resting his head in the crook of his neck. "You can cry if you want."
Dean hardly hears the closing remarks, his mind whirling with everything the queen said to him, but his thoughts keep getting stuck on one thing.
He doesn’t wait for her to pull herself together before he speaks, anger trembling in his voice as two guards Dean’s never seen before step through the double doors.
Castiel buckles, gasping for breath as Dean steps forward, a shout on his lips as the guards do the same.
“Hm?” He chews what’s in his mouth, awkward and decidedly cow-like, as she grins, shaking her head as her ruby-red lips close around her fork.
“Nine horses?” Dean asks, standing by the stall across from Cookie’s in front of an affectionate Clydesdale. Castiel glances up, his blue eyes shining even in the dim lighting, and he smiles.
“You fucking douchebag,” Castiel seethes, snarling in Dean’s face with a hand fisted in his collar. “I know it was you.”
Dean practically jumps out of his skin when the door to his room bursts open and shouting from the hall carries through to where he sits in the garden.
The kitchen falls silent as the dust settles, Dean’s hacking coughs as he chokes on the flour the only sound.
It's just as cold and wet against the seat of his pants as it is under his feet, but he lies back anyway, ignoring the way the chill seeps into his bones as his nose runs from the cold. The lump in his throat swells, choking him up as he stares at the dull, slate-gray sky.
“I think I knew that on Sunday, but I didn’t want to admit that what I’m doing is wrong, you know? I… I think I’m in love with her, Dean. How can that be wrong?” She looks up at him with round, pleading eyes, so desperate for him to tell her she’s allowed to be in love that it breaks his heart.
Without even noticing that he’s moving, he finds himself in front of the windows, his breaths clouding the glass as his eyes roam over the gated garden with its array of flowers of every color, and the small waterfall that flows into a pond in the far corner.
They both jump when there’s a knock on the door, and Dean steps away just as Castiel calls for them to enter.
Instead of answering, Dean flashes a cocky grin and tilts his head to the side, swaying his hips as he closes his eyes again and turns away, but the pretty brunette follows him. Soft, small hands pull him around, and his stomach drops as he cringes away.
That catches Castiel's attention, his head snapping around as his lips part on a breath. "Is that right?"
From beside Castiel’s empty seat, Meg speaks up, “I’d say he paid them off if I didn’t know he’s dirt poor.”
She doesn’t pause her work as she answers, but Dean sees her thoughtful expression. “If they’re anything like you?” She does stop then, pulling away to look him in the eyes. “No.” Then she’s back to work.
Anger pickles in Dean's stomach, boiling hotter with every second that passes without a proper answer. "If you're pissed at me, I think it fucking
“Seems like.” Excitement thrums inside him, zipping from his head to his toes as adrenaline sends his heart skipping.
Short, succinct, to the point, and Dean is more than a little pleased with himself when the man nods, looking satisfied with Dean’s answer.
A soft chuckle fills the room, and the guy with the green eyes and the freckles and the lashes has a
For a moment, they look around, hand in hand, not knowing where to go as the crowd pulses and swells around them. Everywhere Dean looks, someone is looking back, or at the camera crew, or at the guards, or
Castiel nods, and he spends the next twenty minutes explaining to Dean all the ways he can look something up and add it to his presentation.
“Good thing your face is so pretty. I don’t know if I could have pulled it off if you were ugly as a goat.” She turns him to face the mirror head-on and fixes his hair, her short, thin fingers rearranging strands into some semblance of what she deems, “Acceptable enough for the Crown Prince.”
He’s man-handled into a chair, pain shooting up his spine as his tailbone crunches against the solid wood, and the bag is ripped off.
“Excuse me?” Castiel’s deep, gravelly voice only gets lower, the tiny curve of his lips, doing nothing to mask his anger. Dean’s poking the lion, he knows, but, fuck it, he’s not going to be ordered around all his life if he does end up with Castiel, so there’s no way they’re starting with that shit now.
"Attention, Suitors!" Dean looks up from the plate to find Mick standing by the door, his hands clasped together in front of him as he waits for the room to fall silent.
Most of the seats are filled already, but with a quick glance, Dean sees that both Charlie and Hannah are absent. And now that he thinks of it, Benny never did tell him what he learned last night. Maybe that means they're okay?
“Hey! It’s not even my fault!” He scowls at her and looks to Castiel for help, but she’s already dragging him away.
It hasn't even been a full twenty-four hours since Dean got back to the palace, but so much has shifted. He's being charged, and though he hasn't been arrested yet, he's not sure how far off that is. Will the police storm the palace? Tear him out of the dining hall and force him into the back of one of their cars? He has no idea, but the fact that he hasn't heard a peep from the authorities is probably Castiel's doing.
Dean's face crumples a little, contorting with anger and more than a little confusion. He doesn't get it, and he's just about had enough of being jerked around like this.
Not a single mention of the presentations. Actually, there's no mention of them for the first hour, even when most of their time is spent scribbling in notebooks and hunched over laptops, and the more they get into Thursday's playback, the more confused Dean gets.
He wonders if Castiel ever thinks about it—about the way those before him led the kingdom. Dean’s sure he does, and now that he thinks about it, he wonders how Castiel can think of anything else. How do you run a country? And at such a young age, especially after the death of a parent? That’s how it works, isn’t it? The old king or queen dies, and the heir takes over? Meaning Castiel’s
Dean makes Castiel dial the nurse, then snatches the phone back before he can get it all germ-y. “Hi, yes, I’m calling on behalf of Castiel.”
idea?" A voice hisses beyond the closed door. Dean doesn't recognize it, but he leans closer, trying to hear the reply.
After a while, he can feel eyes on him, and he's not quite sure from where, but he knows they're there. He tries to peek around, but only manages to get an eyeful of water for his trouble.
Dean stands there, rooted to the spot for more minutes than he can count, with his towel clutched over his crotch. Water still drips from his hair, running over his forehead and down the back of his neck. The tickling feeling is what jolts him out of his stupor—he needs to get a move on because the nurse still hasn’t arrived and Dean doesn’t need to flash anyone else today.
“Out of handcuffs, huh? I don’t suppose you’ve ever needed to test that theory?” Castiel chuckles softly, shaking his head, and the tension melts from Dean. “You might just have to show me sometime.”
"But you were thinking it," she mutters, narrowing her eyes to slits as Dean fights to hold back a smile.
is the biggest overreaction I’ve ever seen, and just last week Meg threw the mother of all temper-tantrums because her stylist filed her nails the wrong shape.”
“I wanted to apologize for my mother’s behavior.” Oh. That’s why he’s here. It makes sense, sure, but that doesn’t stop the trickle of disappointment that seeps into Dean’s veins. “She was well out of line, and if my father had more of a backbone, he would have stopped her sooner.”
, and he grins, though he's still far from calm. His anxiety doesn’t settle any when the episode starts playing, either, showing a long shot of the palace in all its glory as Duma’s voice over-plays.
Dean rounds the corner, stepping into the entrance hall, and is overwhelmed by the noise. He stumbles back as a swell of people flood through the doors, all dressed in some of the fanciest clothes he's ever seen and dripping in jewels.
isn’t exactly a word he’d use to describe this place—not usually, anyway—but this? This is bound to be a hoot and a half.
They swing their swords, clashing and blocking, lunging and fainting away. Within minutes, they’re both soaked through with sweat, and Dean’s lungs are on fire.
“Is she talking to me or you?” Dean murmurs, glancing over at Castiel, who heaves a heavy sigh and purses his lips before he answers.
“Dean, I haven't seen you all day.” She smiles at him like she's not sure she's entirely welcome, what with their still-rocky friendship, but Dean grins over Brigit's back with a shrug. “You weren't at lunch.”
"Your highness, I—I’m sorry, I didn't recognize you—" Benny stammers, shifting on his feet, but Castiel just waves him off with a smile.
Dean's standing in front of the toilet, taking a piss, when he hears his bedroom door open and quick, purposeful steps coming down the hall.
“I know, sweetheart. I know.” She’s impossibly gentle, and even though it should make him feel better, it doesn’t. Susie’s not gentle, and if she is, it means there’s something wrong. This is serious and she knows it.
. Like the softest breeze could blow him to pieces, and maybe that’s why the tears fall, then, unbidden and unwanted. They slide down his cheeks as he drops his head back down, not bothering to wipe his eyes.
"It's getting late," Russell is saying, glancing at his watch as Castiel hands Dean a steaming mug of hot chocolate. "We should head back to the palace, Your Highness."
Shafts of pale light slice through the stony darkness, illuminating the dust motes kicked up with every step, and when Dean looks out of the surprisingly clean window, he sees as far as the sun-kissed treetops, then, as the stairwell winds around, all the way down the cobbled paths to the village square where road-side shops sit, open and bustling with vendors and shoppers alike.
When Castiel turns to face him, though, his expression is flat and stoney. He’s perfectly composed despite his rumpled button-down and day-old trousers. His hair looks like he’s been running his fingers through it all night, but his eyes…
forget to use your manners,” another voice butts in, and Dean’s back goes ramrod straight, his chin up and heart thundering behind his ribcage.
knows that. There will be a hearing, and you will probably be asked to leave the palace, but I can’t promise anything until I know for sure. However, for the time being, you must be locked in.” His breath catches as dread grows inside him. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
love Dean? What if the only reason he wants to be around Dean so much is because it looks good on camera?
“I needed to make sure you weren’t busy with something else so Benny could get you here.” He shrugs, pleased as pie that his plan went so smoothly.
