If she was trying to get a rise out of him, any kind of reaction at all, she was disappointed. John had a number of things he wanted to say to her, but he settled on glaring.
So when he caught John at the kitchen table writing up a shopping list, at the top of which was the word
“I really think it was.”
“Yeah? Well, turns out, without me, you’re run-of-the-mill at best. Brilliant, yes, I’ll give you that. But yours is the kind of brilliance that needs a sounding board, a lightning rod, a
But they didn’t have time to mount a defense and wait for the charges to clear. There was the dog fight, for one, an appointment Sherlock would not miss. But more importantly, they needed to get a message to the other John.
why Omegas stayed indoors after sundown, or at least why they never ventured outside on their own. If they did, bonded Omegas, naturally, were always accompanied by their Alphas. The unbonded had to be sure to surround themselves with a larger group of Betas; then they were usually pretty okay. But that didn’t stop packs from finding ways to separate an Omega from the herd.
“Sleep well, John. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Was too.”
“Shall we talk about the elephant in the room?” Sherlock asked.
“Not both of them.”
“Sherlock was there, too,” John muttered, then shut up, not sure it was his turn to speak yet.
“You issued the challenge on her behalf.”
“You need to leave, sir.”
”—he indicated his groin, and Sherlock’s eyes went wide with alarm—“and now
Sherlock had to admit: he was out of his element. Having never considered John in that light before—well, having never considered
His adrenaline-fueled body and pounding heart were the only things keeping him warm, so he had one primary objective: to get out of river. The banks seemed so far, but he swam, hand over hand, and kicked his shoed feet. Shoes, trousers, shirt and jacket, all these things slowed him, and a couple of times he thought he might not make it. But through sheer grit, he refused, after all he’d endured to get there, to be beaten
He even used air quotes.
“Whozit?” John murmured sleepily into his pillow.
“Oh.” John didn’t know what to say. The warmth he had been anticipating all day had returned, but it was not as he expected. It was not the kind of, what was the word?
At last, he snapped the top button of John’s trousers, and as reflex, John lifted his hips, allowing Sherlock to slide a hand down his backside and in one fluid motion pull both trousers and underwear to the knee, ankle, and ultimately to the floor, and John was entirely naked beneath him. Sherlock trembled. John trembled. He took a moment to run his hand down John’s side, chest to waist to thigh, admiring every inch of him. John’s breath was coming faster now, more needy, and Sherlock could hear his own heart thumping in his ears.
“So you waited thirty-eight days to show him you wanted him? You waited until the only moment an Alpha ever wants an Omega?”
“Yes!” Sherlock exclaimed, like it was the most obvious thing in the world, the first law of nature.
“Because you weren’t interested in anyone.”
John shook his head, unable to pull his eyes away from the scars. Yes, he’d seen them before, but he’d never asked about them. It had seemed, well, rude. “Why? What was . . . wrong?”
John rose to his feet and revolved slowly, feeling his sense of alarm elevate like mercury in a thermometer. He counted slowly, his heart thudding in his chest. Two on the bridge, three down the path, one on the ridge, four under the trees, and two more standing by a tall blue pole labeled “Omega Urgent Rescue.”
“I’m not from this world.”
It had been like seeing the aurora borealis for the first time after a lifetime of only hearing about it. It had been like hearing music for the first time after years and years of being inundated with only noise. The sight was so beautiful, he could only stop and stare. He could only freeze and listen. And then, when he spoke again, it was like his mouth couldn’t move, and words couldn’t form, and ideas were so garbled in his brain that he couldn’t order them. He had been reduced to an imbecile.
John’s eyebrows slanted. “What? Of course, I do.”
John swallowed. They weren’t talking about the examination anymore. Not really. He didn’t know what to say.
”—he waved a hand awkwardly toward the back of the flat—“ever happened. Does that suit us both?”
Unable to bear the silence any longer, John ventured to break it. “You want to talk about this?” he ventured carefully.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and handed the book back. “It’s a genuine effort, and a decent one. But this is a work of fantasy. Lewis Carroll wrote of talking cats and giant chess pieces and elusive rabbits and other nonsensical gibberish. It hardly parallels what we’re dealing with, and in any case, Alice enters Wonderland by falling through a rabbit hole. A
“Graphic novels, Mr. Holmes. Among other things.”
“Because you love
The ride to the north gate was a short one, and though Sherlock had initially meant to use the time to re-establish a sense of normalcy between them, he couldn’t divine the words and ended up playing on his phone, scrolling through the zoo’s website but not really paying any attention to the details. He was distracted with other things. Beside him, John sat so erect his back didn’t even touch the backrest and he stared out the window, his hands between his legs and his knees bouncing together a little. If this weren’t John Watson, and if this weren’t another run-of-the-mill day on the job, Sherlock might have thought him eager as a schoolboy.
Sherlock stepped close, very close, and reached for the hem of John’s undershirt, which he dragged upwards and off. Once again, John sat exposed. But though self-conscious, any and all protests had withered with his objections. The examination was little more than a guise for what they were really doing, and though both knew it, they kept up the charade.
He looked around in distress, wishing there was somewhere he could disappear to, but he was in wide open territory.
Justice had been served, perhaps, but that did not change the fact that so many precious Omegas had been brutalized and so many lives ruined. It was a disturbing story for any Omega or Alpha, and served as a cautionary tale: Alphas, protect your Omegas; Omegas, stay close to your Alphas. And don’t be alone after dark.
good.” He laughed forcibly and rubbed the back of his neck, a clear sign that John Watson was troubled. “Shit, is that the time?” He looked at his wrist. He wasn’t even wearing a watch. “Jesus, Sherlock, I’m knackered. It’s been a while since this body’s had a proper night’s sleep, I can tell.”
And he waited a bit longer. John was taking his time leaving the privacy of the bathroom.
“They bloody well
who’ll need sorting,” he snarled.
Sherlock face softened, not in sympathy but in surprise. “What journals?”
“John,” he said, breathless. He stood in pajama bottoms and a thin t-shirt, overlaid with his blue dressing gown. His feet were bare and his hair was mussed, black curls in every direction. Either he had just woken up or had never gone to sleep, because his eyes were still glassy with tiredness.
“But . . .
Oh. But of course.
John was twisting in his hold. “There’s no need—”
Damn, his head was in such a fog. What had he been doing? Last thing he remembered, he was getting ready to go out. Go out? Where? Oh! He’d spent the night alone! John was in hospital! The Alphas from the park! He had to get to John!
with John, right behind crime solving with you and, well,
Lestrade glanced over his shoulder, catching John’s eye. “Here to teach him a thing or two, eh, John? Improve his form?”
“I did say all my theories were implausible.” He quirked an eyebrow and cast a side-long look at John. “First question, John.”
“No. He said . . . He fought them off. On his own.”
They greeted one another stiffly, each recalling a little too vividly their last interaction.
John smiled noncommittally. If things worked out the way he hoped, he wouldn’t be around to tell.
“So the daisies aren’t for me?” Sherlock said wryly, rubbing an eye.
John bit his tongue from saying exactly what he felt like saying. He recalibrated and tried a different tact. “I didn’t say I’d interrogate her. But look.” He lowered his voice and stepped a little closer into their circle so that only Sherlock and Lestrade could possibly hear him. “This girl has been through a trauma. She’s terrified. And the last person she needs to talk to is a tall, scary Alpha with the bed-side manner or a hyperactive six-year-old, or a Beta copper scraping for the bottom line.” Both men’s jaws dropped in offense, but John pushed on. “What she needs right now is one of her own kind, an Omega, someone who at least has an inkling of what she’s just been through, a kindly face who is no stranger to trauma recovery. It’s not like she has anyone else here for her, am I right? Dead father, no bond-mate, no especially close friends or other relatives. So I’m going to go in, just me, alone, to talk to her, to be that calming presence you brought me here to be. Then, when she’s good and ready, and only then, will I come fetch you. We all clear on that? Good?”
“And solve the puzzle
“You said any member of the pack can fight. That’s what you said. But who does our pack include? Me, you, Mycroft, and Anthea, yeah? No one else? Well, correct me if I’m wrong, but I’m guessing
Sherlock accepted the invitation with an abbreviated nod, and they both assumed their seats, John with both feet planted, Sherlock with a leg crossed over.
“An honor, Mr. Holmes, a real honor. I can’t believe I’m talking to you again! Please, please, come in, come in. And Dr. Watson! Real pleasure to see you again, sir, a
He still had a sister: she appeared in quite a few of the photographs, but he couldn’t determine her sex just by looking at her, and, in wondering what her sex was in the first place, he achieved just a little insight into how important biological sex probably was here, culturally, socially. Psychologically. It was probably one of the first things people noticed about each other, and with that determination came a whole host of preconceptions and categorizations he was not yet privy to. He thought it had been bad enough, with simply two. With six, he thought, it must have been horrendous.
. She’s spent the last however many days running all sorts of, erm, experiments. She has a ton of information on me! Brain scans, blood samples, and I’m pretty sure I gave a walloping testimonial to her digital recorder.”
go suicidal when she saw her Alpha die just ten feet away from her? At least I can be there to turn the telly off for you if it becomes too much!”
. And if they’re still alive and still walking, they’re still prowling, still
“I think we may be off the mark,” said Sherlock. “Ghosts, dreaming, it’s not really what I had in mind. I’m looking for evidence,
It was like slowly, so
“Something I should probably mention.”
was going on??
makes sense.”
“I’m sorry!” John shot back to his feet. “I am! I didn’t think it would be like this! I didn’t think that so short a time could change so much.”
Sherlock hadn’t been interested in him. Him. His John. But the other one?
“Don’t react. Think. Would you really be happy if someone told you that you couldn’t be a detective anymore? That you couldn’t leave the house unaccompanied after dark? That your only purpose in life was to find a fuck-mate and exist heat to heat? You’re the one with the super brain. You observe the most minute of details and deduce a life’s history.
When he drew nearer the second landing, however, he heard Sherlock’s voice, and it stopped him in his tracks. True, it hadn’t been long since he’d heard
“I’ve often wondered about them,” Sherlock said, laying his head against John’s as he continued to hold him fast; John placed his arm along Sherlock’s, his hand atop Sherlock’s hand, and absentmindedly stroked the band around his finger. “It’s a shame, really, that we can’t just pop over for a visit. I’m kind of jealous.”
John 2:
“Ghosts,” said Chris, and he paused for effect.
But Sherlock had crossed to him, took his arm at the wrist, and pulled him to his feet. Then, placing an arm around his shoulders, he steered John toward the kitchen, down the hall, and into the bedroom. “There now,” he said. “You’re okay. Just an off day. You’ll be better tomorrow.”
“You two kiss and make up?” She was teasing him now, and not too kindly.
“She injected her scent,” said Sherlock, cottoning on. His revulsion was escalating dangerously. “But she didn’t bite you?”
But no. This was not his body! At its most fundamental, it was a body he was familiar with, but it was not his.
“Pathetic, John. You’re
Sherlock woke before the sun, had a quick shower, and was in the kitchen and over the stove before he even heard John stirring in the floor above him. When John arrived downstairs in his open dressing gown, yawning and scratching the back of his mussed up head of hair, Sherlock was ready for him with a mug of steaming coffee and a set table. John’s slippers screeched to a halt on the lino.
something?” Lestrade asked without parting his teeth, evidently trying to maintain a private conversation among Yard officers.
“Mmf,” said John as he swallowed, after a quiet thank you.
“John, put a call in to the police. Tell them we’ve found the body of the
Jackie but was still
“She came at me with a knife. I didn’t see it in time. I doubt she had the strength to penetrate too deeply, but I’m glad to be spared the sting. So. Thank you. For stopping her.”
“You shot me! You shot me!”
The deafening roar of the crowd swiftly faded to white noise as John surged forward, two steps behind Sherlock, to meet the offenders in the middle. Three Alphas against one plus an Omega was bad odds, and they both knew it; but they had a plan, and it rested squarely on coordination.
When he surfaced again, John said, “It doesn’t bother you?”
“What are you talking about? John never wanted to be a doctor.”
“Ah.” John looked down at his hands, then spread them on his leg, wiping the sweaty palms on his knees. “You said …”
“We’re taking a well-deserved holiday,” Sherlock lied easily. “As you can imagine, we’re both exhausted. We needed to get away from London for a spell.”
“Oh, sweetie.” John placed two hands on his shoulders and shoved him against the wall. “From here on out, I’m all you’ll ever need.”
And he thought about the Alphas who had collectively given him barely half a life to live, and about all the times he had been afraid, and all the times he had been hurt, and all the times he had been treated poorly or regarded as lesser-than or lower-than or slower-than or weaker-than, when he knew now that he was capable of so much more, that in some other universe, maybe many other universes, John Watson was a creature of substance, valued and valuable, capable and cunning, a man of intelligence and action, one to be respected and admired. Maybe those same traits were inside him, too. Somewhere. In a hidden place where the Alphas hoped he wouldn’t go looking.
have already examined, and it leads right from the tiger cage doors and straight here. Bloody shoe prints match the shoes. Pretty cut and dry, if you ask me.”
Standing right behind him, now, Sherlock came to the full and uncompromised realization that he loved this man. But not only that. He was in love with John Watson.
me. I was a tough kid. Why, does it bother
that we both realized . . .”
“Oh my God.” John shook his head regretfully. “And, erm, her Alpha?”
“Always?”
“The acceleration of gravity, yes, I’m familiar with the physics. All objects, regardless of mass, free fall at a rate of 9.8 meters per second, per second.
“Between you and me,” said the doctor, “why did he jump? After the victory at Marble Arch—”
With a hard swallow, Sherlock nodded. “Of course.”
me, for a change? Lie still. On your side.”
It was a promise he kept until John was nine.
not John. So just because you’re not in love with your own Sherlock, don’t presume my John is not in love with
“Sherlock!” he gasped, pointing his gun. “The gas!”
“Just a feeling.” He smiled warmly at his companion. “So that’s what you meant. Crack shot. That night, he saved your life.”
forward, mouthing
He started for the bedroom, but before he was out of sight, John said in a rush, “Did you mean what you said?”
John eyed him suspiciously. “Yes . . .”
Half four. So that meant . . . he had jumped four and a half hours ago? Or longer? How long had he been in hospital? Had Sherlock been the one to pull him from the river? Of course he had! He had promised to be there the very moment he crossed back, and he was. John just regretted that he hadn’t been awake to see him.
Nope. Never happened.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” he said, putting up his hands. “It’s not like that. Sherlock’s fine. Everything’s fine.”
John turned his head to the side, blinking rapidly, but Sherlock wasn’t done. He couldn’t bear to look at his Omega anymore, but he wasn’t done. He threw up his hands and began to pace.
“Mr. Holmes!”
“Ah, shit.”
“Vatican cameos.”
last night, just a little buzzed, so there was no reason for his brain to be working so sluggishly. What had he just said? Slowly, John set the toast on the plate and looked up from the paper.
She hadn’t been ill long, but when she took a turn, it was a fast downward slope. At her age, there wasn’t much the doctors could do. So Sherlock and John did all they could to make her comfortable and happy in her final few days, before she quietly—and quite contentedly, she insisted—slipped away.
“Then why didn’t you do that before?”
He made no effort to hide his writing cheques and stuffing envelopes, all in full sight of where John sat flipping through channels, murmuring something about not being able to find his favorite shows. But he received no acknowledgement. Maybe John wasn’t paying attention? So he decided to be a bit more obvious.
“Then you’ll talk to him again. Tonight. You’ll tell him, won’t you, that we can think of something else.” Sherlock attempted a smile that was brave and reassuring, and failed at both.
“Bad. But she’s alive and in hospital.”
He continued to research the nature of the heat, his own anatomy, his vestigial penis, something called
The minutes passed, and both kept at it: Sherlock, purging the unwelcome scent and fortifying his own, and John, putting up a good fight to shake him off, and he didn’t seem to be tiring, which likely meant he would exhaust himself in the end. The screams, at least, were fading to whimpers, suggesting that as Dr. Stapleton’s scent became weaker, so too did the force of her Compelling. Still, Sherlock didn’t remove his hand, even though it was dripping with John’s spit.
“I want . . . I want . . .”
” he shouted, and John flinched visibly. “Don’t you dare try to use that line on me again, that you ‘handled’ it. You! Ha!”
“He didn’t jump,” Sherlock said instantly, and anger flashed in his eyes at the suggestion that John had been suicidal. “He fell.”
“I don’t know,” said Sherlock, and from anyone else, John might have read it as hedging, but from Sherlock, it came out as sincere. He really didn’t know. “On the surface, everything was, you know, fine. Nothing out of the ordinary. Day in, day out, we were as we ever were. But there were times I would look at him, when he didn’t know I was looking, and he seemed . . .”
“You won’t. You can’t. Not like this.”
John winced, doubting very much that Sherlock would want to spend any time looking through cat photos, but Sherlock, who had sucked in a bit of air at her naming the cat
Softly, softly.
for him again? What did you mean by that? And don’t tell me it’s none of my business. We’re both too deep into each other’s lives for that kind of line.”
“That’s not what I’m suggesting. That’s not what Serebryakov was suggesting. Instead, he said that, given the right circumstances—like the ones I proposed to you, including synchronicity and energy—the mind can actually be
“Right. So. I’m, uh . . . back. And clearly in need of a hot shower. The Thames is fucking freezing. If you were wondering.”
“But— Oh God. Oh God, Sherlock.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Fall back into the usual routine, I guess. Work, cases, blogging, paying the electric bill on time.” He finished the stitches in the back of Sherlock’s head, cleaned it, and began peeling off his gloves. “Maybe walk in the park alone at midnight or get wasted at a pub.”
that?” He felt suddenly a little choked up. How had the other John bloody well done that? “He says I have a date with her this coming Friday for more poker and drinks—but no alcohol. She’s promised. Not when I’m there.”
What had happened to
“May 20.”
If he weren’t himself, he might have found it difficult to read the deliberately stoic expression on his own face. It wasn’t reluctance, exactly, but there hesitancy born of something being held back. John didn’t look away, pleading with his eyes. At last, John started writing again. His face bore the hint of a wince as he did so.
Clearly, John was still scared and not in his most reasonable state of mind. Natural, given what he had just experienced. So, as Sherlock passed by him to fetch the kit, he reassured him, “Don’t be silly, John, I’m your antibiotic.” His reassertion of their bond
“Why would I do that?”
“No . . .”
For hours (days), however, he had existed in fear, not so much of the pain but of the Compelling, and of what would become of him if the bonding she designed was successful. He wondered, too, what would happen if it wasn’t. What if he died? What if her attempts to knot him against his will resulted in the poisoning that had nearly been the end of Molly, that
When they made it to the stairwell, John hazarded to ask, “Is Sherlock okay? Is he hurt?”
John practically threw a nurse into the wall as he pushed past her to reach Sherlock’s bedside. He mumbled an insincere apology and she straightened her nametag and left in a huff.
He should have known. Her ethics had been questionable enough back in Normalia. Why should they be any better here?
“A murder!” Sherlock declared. “Marvelous!”
John 2:
He even came up with a handy chart to track his results, creating columns and boxes to keep track of each category, experiment, subject, scores, and general notes. Organized, methodical,
“I’m . . . sorry if this isn’t what you want to hear. But that’s the truth of it. All my life, I didn’t know I was looking for you. Then there you were. And I took that for granted. I didn’t really understand what you meant to me until I lost you. And I’m honestly afraid I’ll lose you again. But if you want, I’ll never say another word about it, ever. Just please. Don’t leave. We can still be friends. Can’t we? We can go back to how things were, before we collided with other versions of ourselves. I can control myself, John. Watch me. Even now, it’s all I can do to keep from throwing myself across the room and snogging you senseless, but I’m doing it, and—”
Sherlock grunted.
“Betas be what now?” Sherlock asked.
John could tell they were both startled by the tone of command in the voice of a lowly Omega.
“Never.”
On the narrow balcony of a flat on the forty-fourth floor of a high-rise in Canary Wharf, Sherlock was crouched, examining the body of a socialite who had disappeared three days ago—and apparently had been dead on this balcony the whole time. The birds had begun to make a meal of her.
Long after Sherlock once again disappeared to the back of the flat, he remained staring into the mirror, waiting. Barely blinking. Barely breathing. He waited until his legs ached and his back was sore and he could hardly stand, but he refused to move, not even to sit. If he sat, he couldn’t see the mirror, and he was afraid to take his eyes away for even a second, lest he miss whatever had connected him to himself.
John knew nothing! What was he to anyone? What worth was he in the world? How did this man even see himself?
“And Sherlock?”
Excited, John ran for his coat.
, and her mum and dad were being neglectful. She was alone, you know. I mean,
“No. Know how I know? Because John,
no. He didn’t know what kind of game this was, but it was most definitely
It was night, and the cab dropped him off somewhere not far outside of Chelmsford on a country road, just before a tall iron gate leading to a Jacobethan-style house of brick. A quick survey of the gate, fence, and grounds revealed a single surveillance camera, a remnant of 1980s security, and easily dismantled. Hopping the fence was just as easy, and he was halfway across the grounds when he stopped short. He had just smelled it:
“Maybe it’s both, but they’re standing left to right, not right to left.”
spilled the beans. Which surprised him. After all, in the other world, John and Lestrade hadn’t seemed that close.
It was like he had been living with a plugged nose for the past month, and he had forgotten how rich the world smelled, how heavenly
Sherlock’s eyes flew open with a gasp and found himself sitting upright on his bed. At last, far too late, he understood the lie: there was no rendezvous with the mirror tonight. There was only the bridge.
“Maybe not. But look around you. You’ve built him a
you working cases with me. I want you by my side, every case, every step of the way.”
. His consciousness leaped into a parallel universe.
“Fine. Let’s find a solution.”
“John, how well do you know your history?” He didn’t wait for an answer. “In the nineteenth century, the Waterloo Bridge was the most popular place in London for committing suicide. Not that high? It was high enough to account for fifteen percent of all suicides in the city. Few people ever survived the drop. So don’t tell me it’s a good idea. I won’t risk it.”
While she cleared the kitchen table of empty bottles and pizza boxes, John set the Cokes on the counter and unloaded his other grocery bag of playing cards, Earl Grey tea packets, and three kinds of biscuits. Ginger snaps were her favorite in another world. He would see if they still were in this one.
will only try to run again.”
“You can’t. I’m contaminated.” Her jaw quivered as she continued, “No Alpha will ever want me. I have no true bond-mate, no pack, no one to hunt in my name.”
“I’m, um—” He fell back a couple of steps, laughed shortly, pretending not to be bothered, even though he was wishing he had drowned in the Thames. He ran a hand through his damp hair, feeling suddenly very itchy and self-conscious.
But also no. John wouldn’t respect such cowardice.
The taxi arrived back at Baker Street. John paid with his card and trudged back to the front door, glancing once again at the queer sign: Holmes and Watson.
For two years, whether Sherlock had been aware of it or not, John had been the center of his world. His cases for the past two years were defined first and foremost by whether John had been there; details of the case came in second. He remembered their altercations with, of all things, fondness, and he could think of no one he would rather argue with. He thought about how John had introduced him to Bond movies and a few board games, and his lips quirked with the memory of how red in the face John would get when he tried to poke holes in the rules or find loopholes that made it so he would always win. He remembered, too, the danger, and the handful of occasions in which they had both come treacherously close to serious harm. The thought of losing John . . . it was too much to bear.
“Obvious. Someone removed them, created a false trail, and replaced them on his feet. The reconstructed prints suggest a gait that is uneven, inconsistent, even for a dying man. Some of the strides are simply too far apart for his height. What’s more, the blood around the body is spread in a wide pool, but there’s a footprint right
John blanched. “What? No. Sherlock, I just need
“Pardon?”
“Just an ordinary murder,” said John, shedding his coat and throwing it onto the couch.
decide this. You did something horrible, Trevor. You can’t deny it. Own it like a real man. Like a decent Alpha. Do that for yourself, and the world will remember you better for it.”
“What was it? E? LSD? MDMA? LSZ? AL-LAD? 5-MAPD? DDXEUYG78A-PP?”
Footsteps in the flat paused. In his mind’s eye, John saw Sherlock sniffing the air, eyebrows knitted in confusion.
John blinked, shook his head, and asked, “What?”
“Good. That’s good. So, no other partners in the past seven years?”
The doctor patted his shoulder and left. He felt like screaming.
Returning to the Omega Hospital, John once again passed through the screening room, temperature reading, blood check, declaration of status as bonded and cycle, all of that. He gritted his teeth and bore it, then walked swiftly to the lifts to visit Molly on the third floor.
Sherlock lay back, sinking into the mattress, but his head didn’t touch the pillow. His neck arched high, straining for John’s lips. Merciful, John met them. The kiss was more than a kiss. It was a statement of everything unspoken, which yearned for expression but no longer needed to be said. John’s mouth opened over his, seeking an unexplored warmth, and as his tongue slid past Sherlock’s parted teeth and along his own tongue, his body flooded with heat, and he felt heavy in the most wonderful of ways.
an Omega, always had been, and that he had concocted this elaborate and lucid fantasy that he belonged to a different time and place. Had he gone mad with the delusion?
“I’ll come back. I promise. They can look at me upways and downways and sideways and all the ways. But right now, I need to go straight home.”
“John?”
be tapping into are memories from our alter-selves.”
He felt like his world was exploding.
And there was the crux of it.
. It was unlike anything John had ever experienced before in his life, or in his dreams, or in his most bizarre fantasies, and he was never satisfied until they were locked together, until Sherlock was swollen inside of him and John had him captured like an animal in a steel trap. Such union lasted anywhere from nine minutes to forty-seven (he counted, watching the clock through tear-blurred vision), during which period he had orgasmed regularly (on the low end, three times; on the high,
After selecting the page he wanted, John flipped it around and slapped it in front of Sherlock. Then he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms . . . crossly.
“Like an angry cat. I didn’t see his reasons, initially. There were many. But Molly was one of them.”
John’s head snapped up. “One of the Alphas?”
at all, and was enjoying the change. In fact, John believed he had come to rely on his just . . . being there.
John’s blog posts, and maybe I should start one—”
“Yes, of course I will,” he answered, tuning back into the conversation. He had no idea what he had just agreed to, because it didn’t matter. He’d never get to talk to John again.
ting the only rational viewpoint here.”
Like, really small. Like, he had never been this small even as a twelve-year-old really discovering it for the first time. Like, a witch had cast a spell and cursed him with every man’s worst fear kind of small. He gawked at it, held it in his hand, and it didn’t even stretch across the width of his palm, a stubby, pudgy thing no longer than a thumb to the second knuckle, flushed pink and a little stiff, perfectly healthy looking (from a medical perspective) except that was so
“I said, you’re the reason he quit, am I right? I should have known. The medical profession always did come
“It’s just . . . Well, you know how it is with couples. Or rather, maybe you
Suddenly, her fingers began to rake through his hair, a petting gesture. Had he any less self-control, John would have flinched.
was, was the product of a fever-addled mind. He was ill, and his brain was playing tricks on him. He needed to calm down, beat the fever, and wait for his body to expel whatever bacteria the food truck had soaked the meat in. Then he could restore himself to a bit of normalcy. After a good night’s sleep, he would wake up to the body he knew.
Besides, he had his own work to do. He checked his phone’s calendar, already feeling the tendril of anticipation beginning to warm him. A few more hours, and he would be the only thing Sherlock would be able to think about for days.
“Are all the handlers on duty?” Sherlock asked.
“Picture 221B, your 221B. Capture it in your mind. Details, John. Do you see it? Are you seeing it?”
“A bit, yeah.” He forced his voice a little deeper, a little gruffer. “Don’t do it again.”
Sherlock entered his mind palace and carefully, painstakingly, began to examine the last fourteen days.
Bemused, Sherlock too arose.
He rolled his eyes, and tapped a cheek. She kissed him.
“Alphas attacked John tonight.”
He’d touched a nerve. And in doing so, in seeing the pained look on Sherlock’s face—as if a mask had fallen away—brightened his understanding. It all became very clear to John, and it made him want to weep.
“I know,” said Sherlock, but oh, how he hated saying it, because he wanted to so badly. So, so badly. This John and his John were getting all confused in his head, fuzzy with desire, and would it be so bad, so wrong, if just for this moment, both of them could forget that they belonged to different worlds. Just . . . one . . . moment? With the softest nuzzle, he let his nose trace John’s cheek, and breathed.
John’s voice had gone soft. He felt the heat rising in his cheeks. The wrong kind of heat. He tried to recover, clearing his throat, scrambling for some kind of quip to break apart the new tension that had crept between them, this one far more unwelcome.
And when they were swallowed up in it, when the cameras could no longer follow them, the cheers erupted. Banners shook and horns blew, and once again the people took up the chant:
, he had just punned. He couldn’t believe his ridiculousness, his utter foolishness, like his brain had suddenly gone on holiday. Where had that even
, you can’t combat both the depth to which you sink
mass at approximately 63 kilograms, you’re slamming into the water after only 1.43 seconds going at a speed of 50.4 kilometers an hour. Your energy at impact is 6,174 joules. Can you picture it, John? What does a car look like slamming into a brick wall at 50 kilometers an hour? ‘But Sherlock,’ you say, ‘people survive car crashes all the time!’ Shall we talk next about blunt force trauma? Do you know the effects of sudden compression of the abdomen when it hits an unyielding surface? Do you have any idea what it feels like to be kicked in the stomach, because that doesn’t even begin to cover it. Broken ribs that tear through your spleen or puncture your lung. Get ready for a ruptured liver and a spine snapped like a stalk of celery. And even if your neck remains intact, the shock waves radiating through your abdominal cavity spike your blood pressure, pushing massive volumes of blood through your major vessels until your brain hemorrhages. ‘But Sherlock,’ you
John didn’t sleep that night.
“Must have been pretty bad to leave a scar this pronounced after all these years.”
[He had underlined
“Him. Me!”
Sherlock was lost.
“I’m . . . not sure. It might not even be here.”
John licked his lips slowly, not quite understanding the questions, this one particularly. He was bonded, after all. Wasn’t the answer obvious? Slowly, he answered, “He protects me, yes. Keeps me safe. Healthy.”
“Yes.”
“Just hold it together, pal, we’ll get you home right quick,” said the cabbie, laying his foot on the gas.
“Sure!”
A balled-up jacket struck him in the face.
Sherlock. He ignored it.
John gave a curt nod. “Cheers, Mike.” And he left the room.
Sherlock appeared, at first, uncomprehending. Then his eyebrows lowered and he frowned in consternation. “What do you mean, not a couple?”
“He’s more . . . robust that you give him credit for,” said Sherlock, though an air of suspicion had settled over him at John’s remark. “But seriously, John, this is a crucial investigation, which requires professionalism and a delicate hand. You’re not exactly trained in this sort of thing.”
privilege, at least?
too often, a feather duster in hand. So Sherlock made a point of relieving him of some of that burden.
He couldn’t name it. Maybe he didn’t want to.
“What are the chances,” Sherlock asked, “of those two men syncing again and swapping back?”
He buried his face in his hands and groaned. “Oh
“Where you going, little omegomer?”
John blinked. Then he saw the teasing light in Sherlock’s eyes. “You liar,” he laughed.
“Sorry?” he said.
He had to open almost every cupboard to find where John stored everything he needed—cups, sugar bowl, milk, and chamomile tea packets. Then he set the kettle to boil, chewed a thumb waiting for the water to start bubbling, and by the time he had seeped the tea and added two sugars and milk, John was out of the shower, dressed, and coming back to the kitchen for an ice packet for his face. Sherlock handed him the tea.
“What will you do?” Sherlock asked. “Once you’re back, I mean.”
“Harry—”
At a payphone, he dialled the Omega hotline, a service he had used only twice before in his life: once, well before he had met Sherlock, when he had been feeling lonely and pointless in the world; and a second time during a heat ten years ago, when the Alpha from the service had been . . . well,
After hanging up the phone, Sherlock—who hadn’t even changed out of yesterday’s clothes—went straight for his coat. But he had only one arm in a sleeve before he froze.
“Barely twenty-four hours.”
“You’re just cross you had to answer more questions than I did.”
“What?”
you do. But a lot of that has to come from
“You look just like my Sherlock,” said John, aiming a finger at his nose again. Sherlock dodged.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked.
“John Watson—
“Doesn’t matter.”
“John!” Sherlock was calling from down below. “We have to go!”
Sherlock laughed. “Which part?”
“Then, one night, out of the blue, while he was still trying to decide if he felt anything, he asked if he could . . . kiss me.”
“No, of course not. But this writer is just looking for some sort of explanation for an unexplainable event. Maybe it’s just a matter of you and your counterpart in another dimension happening to, you know, match up. Like in an improv game.”
Sherlock laughed, but his smile was sad.
“It’s
. Transgressive, but good. He felt like he was breaking some kind of law, crossing some type of boundary, violating some sort of moral code. But in doing so, he felt free.
“So am I. A Sherlock Holmes is nothing unless there’s a John Watson at his side. Isn’t it obvious? The universe knows exactly what it’s doing.”
Patiently, he waited for a huffy reply. Instead, the phone rang in his hand. Sherlock was calling.
But he lay there on the bank, all alone. The bridge was empty. The river was quiet. It wasn’t quite the welcome home party he had imagined.
“You flatter me,” said Dr. Stapleton, grinning appreciatively. Then her eyes slid to John. “May I get you something to occupy yourself with? A magazine, or maybe a film on a tablet? We have all the Pixzars,
How could he have been so stupid?
“He told me, Sherlock. And I thought . . .” He shook his head and tried to laugh to hide just how serious this was to him, but Sherlock wasn’t fooled. “I thought you’d never been with anyone. Ever.”
“Fame is addictive, isn’t it? Let’s go back to it: the moment that changed your life. When you stepped into the dog pen, the whole world went quiet. What was going through your mind?”
“Um . . .” He licked his lips uncomfortably. “Yes.”
It was then that he noticed the newspaper in her lap. She quickly lifted it for him to read the headline:
He pressed John closer to him.
At the end of three and a half days, as they lay sated in each other’s arms, Sherlock’s phone dinged with a text. He half-rolled on top of John to reach his phone, then squinted to read.
“Yes,” said the voice on the other line, sounding curious. “I already told her, I haven’t done work in that field in almost two decades. What is this about?”
“Because forgive my saying so, but this alternate version of me seems like a real arse.”
“It’s nothing you said.”
In the background, a telly announced the news on low volume: Alpha Sherlock Holmes, the verified winner of the dog fight, had successfully defended the honor of Omega John Watson and Omega Molly Hooper. His opponents had been summarily defeated. The pack leader had died. The other two had been castrated. And an Omega had made history by being the first to ever enter a dog-pen and fight on his own behalf, and another’s. Some were already calling it a dangerous precedence. Others named it an unmistakable turning point in Omega rights. (At the bottom of the screen, the news scroll mentioned a devastating fire in Chelmsford, still being investigated.)
“Yeah, well, it may be a bit premature for that. She’s still in a bit of shock. Won’t talk to police, will barely talk to the nurses, might be best if we give her a bit of time.”
, this one’s bonkers.”
The men laughed, and the man behind him said, “You’re right, Roger. If it looks like a duck, sounds like a duck,
“No,” said Sherlock, and John mutely shook his head, still trying to wrap his mind around the other examples.
His hands froze over the keyboard. Every forty-one days. That was roughly nine times a year, for roughly the last twenty-five years. That was two hundred and twenty-five heats, and six hundred and seventy-five days of heats, and
John struck a key with a decisive nod, closed the laptop, and reached for one of the stacks of papers. Sherlock, glancing at them upside down, saw that the sheets were printed from news sites: The Guardian and The Daily Mail and The Times, among others. What was he doing, looking at all of this? What was it for?
John’s head came around quickly and his eyebrows rose in surprise. “Was I?”
“You’re screwing Sherlock Holmes?” She threw her head back and laughed. “Oh my
The lukewarm, nay,
“You’re being unreasonable,” said Sherlock.
He turned and saw Detective Inspector Lestrade of the Yard walking toward him from the direction of the lifts. His timidity suddenly intensified. The last he had seen Lestrade had been during the zoo case, where he had first been queasy at the sight of blood, and last been soaked in zebra blood. What must the man think of him?
Sherlock didn’t stir.
“Show me . . . ?” Sherlock said, as his calves met the cushions.
“Biology be damned. We’re not living in the Stone Age.”
“You’ve probably already noticed
“They’re for Molly.”
He kissed him again, sealing his words like a promise. Though he didn’t know what was wrong, exactly, he suspected it had something to do with, not any kind of reluctance to be with a man, but owing to a
“No. No, of course not. I didn’t mean to imply—”
If it weren’t for Sherlock, John didn’t think he’d be so okay with the changes to his body. Shortly after his return, and then in light of his next heat, which was six days late, Sherlock told him everything he knew of what had happened in Dr. Stapleton’s labs—as far as the other John had said and what more he had guessed. John was horror-struck when he learned of it. It seemed worse than the Alpha attack. He couldn’t believe that the other John had gone through something like that, and come out of it with his wits intact.
“Shift?”
John nodded. “Yes.”
Sherlock matched Mycroft’s tone, but it was a fair bit steadier. “I will deal with this. You and Anthea may leave.”
He crawled onto the bed, the side nearest the door, and pulled the covers up to his middle and lay stiff as a board. He folded his arms and stared up at the ceiling, fuming. This whole situation was entirely unfair. Had he not lived a good life? Did he not help people on a daily basis, patients and police and victims of crime? What kind of cosmic joke was this?
To say that John’s biology had escaped Dr. Stapleton’s invasions unscathed would be untrue. Sherlock had been able to rid him of the mad-Alpha’s scent and restore and reinforce his own, but whatever she had given him, and what other stressors he had endured, had thrown his heats off. His whole life, he had been forty-one and three. Now, he was unpredictable. He was anywhere between thirty-one and fifty-two days between heats, and their duration varied between twenty hours and eighty-nine.
you.” Yes, it explained so much. Like all Omegas, John had a special kinship with his own kind, but he had always seemed particularly sensitive to Omega care, Omega rights, and Omega issues, generally. And though he had never heard of it happening in an Omega, he knew it was physically possible for an individual—worked up, pumped full of adrenaline—to perform incredible feats. Those Alphas had clearly chosen the wrong Omega last night. Bottom line: he had just gotten overly emotional. “Those Betas failed to protect their Omega child, and it’s unforgivable. I can assure you, John, that I will always protect you. The Alpha pack won’t hurt you or any other Omega ever again.”
“How long have you been . . . here? In my world?
“Dark blue . . .”
“Your scent doesn’t lie. Come here. I can help.”
Sherlock frowned and clipped off the light, but he didn’t sleep. Any other Omega would have been desperate for his Alpha’s reassurances of protection, but Sherlock had been rebuffed. Was this shame? Had something more happened that John wasn’t telling him? Why wasn’t he letting Sherlock near?
They pushed through an exit and into the cool night air where a car idled on the curb. A young man—another Alpha, by the smell of him—hopped out of the backseat and opened the door. “Right you are, Mr. Watson, Dr. Stapleton, we’re ready to go.”
And yet, he didn’t pull away. He didn’t balk. Apparently, the John of this world had a much, much better relationship with his sister, and as overprotective as it seemed right now, bordering on infantalizing, he allowed himself to indulge in the illusion that he and Harry had always been close. He lowered his head to her shoulder and slowly lifted his arms to hug her back, half expecting her to push him away and mock him. But she didn’t, only held on tighter. Behind closed lids, his eyes burned. It was the first time, in a very long time, that he admitted to himself how dearly he wanted this in his life. So he would take it, for those few short seconds, even if it wasn’t, strictly speaking, real.
“Wait, John, stop.”
Eyes narrowing, lip curling, she regarded him with suspicion. “What’s that, eh?”
Then, sometime in the middle of the night, he heard John’s breathing change. It was becoming louder—harder breaths in, harder breaths out—and quicker. In fact, he was no longer breathing through his nose, but his mouth, as if he were running . . . or being chased. John was dreaming, and whatever he dreamt, Sherlock thought it must have been unpleasant. A nightmare. John started making tiny grunting noises in the back of his throat; he rolled onto his back; his legs began to writhe beneath the sheets; his head shook back and forth on the pillow; even in the dark, by the pale light from the window, Sherlock could make out that his brow was furrowed, indicating distress.
“Yes. Every forty-one days.”
Sherlock smiled pleasantly. “My work is necessarily interdisciplinary. Any field may come in use, if not for practical application then to understand the people who engage in its practice or study.”
The skip search was a bust, and happily, both crawled out of it to pursue the investigation down less smelly paths. John didn’t see how Sherlock frowned at him.
This body had never been a soldier. He knew it. He could feel it in his bones.
What was that? He felt a little bit damp, down there. God no, hold it in, hold it in! Of course, it was possibly probably very most likely just the rainwater soaking through his trousers. Yes. Of course. He hadn’t just shat himself in the back of a cab. Surely.
“There’s no need for you to come, you’ll be bored to death. This is highly advanced theoretical phys—”
“Hello John. Good heat?”
on it? Why?! And then he got his answer:
“If you’ll let me?”
“You’re not sleeping on the couch.”
“What?” Sherlock prompted.
“That he did.”
anymore. But if he had to, it was this, just this: surrendering for just a moment, and letting Sherlock hold him.
John swallowed the kiss and closed his eyes, contemplating what he might say. Then he gently rolled off Sherlock and lay at his side. But his eyes didn’t open.
During his lunch reprieve, John walked to the corner to buy fusion tacos from a food truck and check his phone. No messages from Sherlock begging him to drop everything and come. Just as well. He had missed enough shifts. But all the same, it would have been nice to struggle with the temptation.
“He doesn’t need
He didn’t quite know what to say. She was more right than she knew.
“Never mind.”
John stared, nonplussed. When his mouth started working again, he burst. “Are you fucking kidding me! Why not!”
His face fell into his hand, unable to keep himself together any longer. He almost dropped the glass altogether. “I don’t know what’s happening to me!”
John’s shoulders jumped a little before he turned around and looked startled to see Sherlock standing there so close. In one hand he held the fat end of a chopped carrot, in the other a cook’s knife.
John didn’t let go all the way back to Baker Street. And once there, Sherlock, heart pounding at an alarming rate, shakily scratched a five into the box for Subject 2.
“We’ll try it then. Tonight. All conditions, exactly the same. Tonight. Yes, we’ll see him tonight.”
“Dr. Sawyer,” he said in return.
“Ha ha,” he said, weakly, trying to pass off his behavior as a joke. Then he cleared his throat loudly. “Erm, you? How … how are you?”
“You know I do.”
“I want you, Sherlock.” He kissed, and kissed, and kissed. Nothing had ever tasted as good as Sherlock’s skin, powerful as scent. “I don’t want anything but you.”
“John?”
Maybe he should have kept his distance. Maybe he should have kept the
“My name is Sherlock Holmes. I am a . . . colleague of Dr. Jacqui Stapleton. It is my understanding that you and she recently spoke concerning”—he searched his Russian vocabulary for the proper lexical terms—“alternate universes. Mind . . . exchanges.”
to imagine the nature of those pictures; but his overactive imagination on that count was failing miserably in the other: just what could the woman be hiding? He was hoping Sherlock might enlighten him. He did not.
“I thought I was Scully. The logical one.”
“I didn’t know he wrote,” said Sherlock, looking down at his hands a little guiltily.
John’s eyes darted around the room, as if expecting to see Sherlock eavesdropping on them. But he didn’t recognize any of the faces. He wondered if anyone there knew his.
Again, Sherlock let the spoon drop. “This was your idea!”
. A portal that allows you to see each other.”
Her warm, moist lips pressed to his forehead, leaving behind a kind of burning tingle he couldn’t scrub away even if he weren’t strapped to the gurney.
“You’re right. I’m . . . sorry.”
“One. Two. Down.”
Like a grand master of entrances, Sherlock was striding toward them, his large black coat billowing behind him. John could do nothing else but look at his shoelaces, convinced Sherlock would read his untimely confession in his eyes if John gave him the chance.
The next two days were jam-packed with a series of intertwined, death-defying, no-rest-for-the-wicked cases. John was tired, hungry, but exhilarated with the challenge of keeping up and having his mind blown time and time again. Together, he and Sherlock zipped around London, interrogating black-market electronics hawkers in Islington, trespassing through an exclusive art gallery in Soho, and chasing a series of clues from Stratford to Shepherd’s Bush (John couldn’t
“John. Are you telling me you don’t know this story? Even
It was possibly the strangest thing he had ever heard leave John’s mouth, but it had the desired effect. The old woman’s mouth snapped closed, and she looked as befuddled as Sherlock felt. Satisfied with the result, John, gave a sharp nod to Sherlock as though to say, inexplicably, “You’re welcome,” and he stepped back to resume his place just over Sherlock’s shoulder, and that was that.
He moved his hands away from their lower halves and softly, softly, brushed the pads of his fingertips down Sherlock’s cheeks. When they were both sipping sweetly at one another’s mouths, and when the fire had gentled to a steadily glowing ember, John slid to the side to lie down on the sofa, bringing Sherlock with him.
Sherlock chuckled. John heard the rustling of fabric, the hum of a zip. “Oh, I intend to.”
? was he
Heart in his throat, Sherlock watched John fall. It was the longest 1.43 seconds of his life. Like a falling star, light streaking against a black backdrop, John sped away from him, shrinking rapidly, until a crash of broken water announced
“Folklore and myth have their roots in reality, Mr. Holmes, of that I’m sure. We might mess up the details, but that doesn’t mean it never happened. It’s my belief that in some universe, maybe many universes, this country really does exist.”
She thought herself pretty clever. So clever, in fact, that she was beginning to make plans to dispose of Mr. Jacobs next, once she was done with the wife. So she was stunned, and furious, when the detective Sherlock Holmes dismantled her entire operation in about a minute.
gotten away, all on his own, and with minimal damage, and with the sudden know-how and confidence to stitch up his own slashed palm with his non-dominant hand! With no anesthetic! Sherlock hemmed and hawed and reiterated his position on taking John to Omega Emergency, until, that is, as he watched John stick himself with a needle and nylon thread, performing a simple interrupted suture, John explained, quite calmly, that this type of stitch had greater tensile strength and less potential for causing wound edema and impaired cutaneous circulation.
“Quite the contrary. As ever, you see but do not observe.” He indicated his own tent.
Holding his breath, he stepped fully into John’s circle until there existed little more than a sliver of light between their two bodies and their faces were so close he couldn’t keep John in focus. He allowed his eyes to flick down to John’s lips, and to let John see him looking. Then slowly, so slowly, John began to turn his head away, and for a horrible moment, Sherlock thought he had misread all the signs and had made the most embarrassing mistake of his adult life. But it seemed that, rather than moving away from him, John was merely tilting his head to offer his neck. A curious gesture, and not one Sherlock had been expecting. So he lifted a hand, placed it gently along John’s jaw, and tilted his head back. Then, before he could lose his nerve, Sherlock closed his eyes, dipped his head, and kissed him.
“He could have told me,” she pouted.
“Eloquent, John.” Sherlock smiled, though a little weakly, and stopped at the door.
“No, it’s . . . good. It’s . . .” He took another sip. “Fantastic. Wow.”
Furious, and mortified, John arrived on the pitch in regular trainers. His teammates laughed at him, then berated him, and the coach shouted at him and benched him. He couldn’t play without the proper gear, so he wouldn’t play at all. As it turned out, they didn’t need him after all. Not like he thought they did. So he sat on the sidelines and watched the game go on without him.
Sherlock conceded with a shrug. It was true: everything they did together now felt like doing it for the first time. “To all sorts of firsts,” he agreed.
“Universes,” John muttered. He thought he saw a subtle, unintentional smirk twitch at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
Weighting down his right coat pocket, the gun bounced against his hip as he ran at breakneck speed, John huffing behind him. The art thief was making his escape on a bicycle. But with the large-framed first panel of a Francis Bacon triptych tucked under his arm, his was a wobbly escape at best. Still, he was faster on the bike than Sherlock on foot. Desperate, hating to lose, especially to a thief on a
“Wonderful you’ve been counting,” John muttered.
“I carry yours, too. But yes. That is why. It’s legal rendering has biological basis. Harry does not have my pheromones. Nor does Molly.”
John rolled onto his back to look at him. “You haven’t done anything. It’s just . . .”
“Dyyyyiiiing!”
“What is your name?”
John frowned at the urgency in Sherlock’s tone and looked around for a landmark or sign, something to pinpoint his location with some degree of familiarity to them both, which is when he noticed them. In the selfsame moment, a stiff wind carried their scent to his nose.
He heard Sherlock flicking the lighter on, testing it, as he walked over to the rubbish bin of evidence.
“That’s it, I’m getting you out of here.”
He smiled, and John understood: the man didn’t believe he had awoken yesterday an Omega and fallen asleep a Beta. There was no medical basis for the transformation. If anything, he believed John was lying to him, or possibly crazy.
. Then he left the bed to go make breakfast.”
The Johns broke into smiles. The Sherlocks stood in dumb shock.
His phone rang.
It had been days since John had been so thrown off by the Wacko World, and he had halfway convinced himself that he’d be able to take anything in stride. But this . . .
Sherlock threw a look of disdain over his shoulder, and when he did, his eyes fell on the book resting on the small table beside John’s chair. His eyes snapped back to John’s, and he revolved completely to face him.
“And?”
There was a long pause, because what he said wasn’t quite right. Omega John corrected him.
Just then, through the door on the opposite side of the room, the jiggling of a knob. Sherlock’s hands froze on the keyboard, and John spun around to face the door. He saw, out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock slowly rising from the stool, transforming in much the same way he had in the park, shoulders squaring, back curving, and fingers curling into claws. Damn, if John didn’t find that sexy as all hell.
Sherlock choked.
Sherlock recovered. He moved quickly to stand behind John and positioned the lamp. For a few seconds, nothing happened. Then, the light touch of fingertips on his left shoulder, just above the scar, hesitated.
“Case.”
And with that, he slipped his head below the sheets. John started giggling, and didn’t stop until Sherlock’s next actions took his breath away.
Sherlock flung the curtain aside, revealing wild bedhead and an even wilder, saucer-eyed expression. John gripped the towel around his middle.
“Me and Sherlock?”
For two and a half hours, Sherlock was in and out of the bedroom, getting water, preparing meals, holding his bond-mate, putting holds on his emails and other business, stroking John through a particularly difficult cramp, turning on the AC, turning off the AC, and doing everything necessary to make John comfortable, until—
talking about?”
“Was he attacked?”
But Mycroft didn’t even rise from his chair. “I’m sorry, brother mine, but with so few of them left and the genes already so unstable, we’re seeing it more and more. Sometimes, without explanation, Omegas just crack.”
behalf, and me all cozied up on a sofa with a hot cup of tea and a hope and a prayer that it turns out fine and dandy? No, thank you.” He knew better than to mention his intentions to enter the fray himself.
Sherlock grunted. She took it as a sign that he understood and moved on.
Third, no Y-Y copulation resulted in pregnancies, but Y-X, and even X-X, but not just any Y-X or X-X combination. For instance, Omegas couldn’t produce offspring together, nor could Alphas, but Betas could, which accounted for the majority of the population. And an Alpha-Y and Beta-X could only produce sterile (S) children (called, pejoratively, mules). Omega-X had a 99 percent chance of impregnation by an Alpha-Y
Any other day, Sherlock might have rolled his eyes or spoken scornfully at his stupidity. But there was a softness in him that John wasn’t used to when he said, “Your scars, John. The ones your father gave you.”
“John, John.” Sherlock’s eyes were closed in an effort to control himself, keep himself from taking over, and let John work.
But John was in awe of all Sherlock had accomplished in the space of a few short hours, fruitful or not. He was suddenly embarrassed by the evidence of his own efforts: a single book.
That got him thinking. Who else in his life did he no longer know? Because he had not gone to university, he would not have met Mike Stamford; and because he had not gone off to war, he had not met Bill Murray. Then again, maybe they were Omega-Ys, too, and neither had
After that, there was nothing else to say.
“No no no, I still think you’re misunderstanding me. I’m not a Beta. I know I smell like one right now, and I even look like one! But I’m telling you, this isn’t me! As I indicated on the form. I just . . . Look, yesterday, something happened. I don’t know what. I can’t explain it, but my penis suddenly became . . . engorged, and my passageway closed up. It’s very uncomfortable, sir, I’m trying to explain, and my bond-mate wouldn’t even try to knot me.”
“Nonsense. You’re the face of hope for a lot of Omegas out there. You just keep doing what you’re doing.”
With the sleeveless undershirt, it was already partly visible, but Sherlock carefully pulled the strap of cloth down John’s shoulder for a better look. To John’s surprise, though, Sherlock suddenly twisted away, but it was only to grab the standing lamp and drag it closer. “Needs better lighting,” he said.
, John?”
. John snorted. Was this—
Letting out a shaky breath, Sherlock sat back and closed his eyes. “Look. There’s no cause to rush this. We know the formula. We can brainstorm other solutions. They didn’t propose a time and day, did they?”
. Obviously, he couldn’t tell Lestrade the straight-up truth. He could only tell it slant. “Fear. A month ago, life was easier. Uncomplicated. We were satisfied with it. It just seemed simpler to go back to that.”
“I . . .”
“What has changed? Tell me, what?”
John’s own hands were trembling at this point, but he wrote back:
They put him in a room with a bed, a TV set, a fluffy robe, microwave popcorn, a small collection of Pixzars, and the invitation to enjoy himself or get some sleep, because surely he was tuckered out from all the excitement, but not to worry his pretty little head, he would be right as rain and they would keep him safe from the mean, nasty Alpha trying to hurt him. Then they dimmed the lights, closed the door, and turned a key. He was locked in.
“I know, Dr. Stapleton.”
“Hm?” said John.
“Maybe you’ll learn to mind,” she said. “I’m a reasonable human being, and a desirable bond-mate. Don’t I take care of you? Don’t I see that your needs are well met? I have status, wealth, respectability, and soon, notoriety. You couldn’t possibly be better matched.”
“You share 221B. Don’t you?”
John sighed and slumped back in his seat. “We’re finished.”
. He’d leave the “peace offerings” on the door, maybe. Or in the rubbish bins around the corner. Yeah, maybe he’d just—
Forgetting why he had even come to the supermarket to begin with, Sherlock headed straight home, and although he didn’t have a clearly formulated question, he nevertheless felt like he and John ought to . . . talk. How mundane.
“Where are they!?”
He heard John’s hard swallow. A thumb touched his bottom lip, and Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat, like missing a step in the dark.
Was no one going to stop him?
And another five. At last, Sherlock responded:
“Toward what?”
was the one man left standing. I don’t need you to play my knight in shining armor or go on some revenge kick. Frankly, Holmes, it’s none of your damn business. And
John nodded, smiling, half laughing. “I’m home,” he repeated, stroking the side of Sherlock’s beautiful face.
But the door opened slowly. There was silence. John turned his head to see Sherlock standing as silhouette in the doorframe, unmoving, staring back. Why was he waiting? Did he suspect? Did one glance and one sniff confirm it, that John was broken? Of course he knew! He probably knew walking through the front door!
“That’s something else we’ll need to figure out, won’t we?”
John was pensive. “Does the challenger ever surrender?”
He dreamed.
But Sherlock was already dropping enough money on the table to cover the whole bill. “On our way. John?”
A chorus of boos and anger surged from the crowd. A few started shouting for them to get on with it, fight, fight, fight, while others cried out for John to run. Others still screamed at the police. Why were they just standing there?
something of him now. They would want to know how he had done it, why he had done it, and maybe they would want him to do it again. Did he really have what it took to step into that man’s shoes?
At long last, his toes scraped the muddy bottom of the water. Sherlock splashed and grunted, getting his feet under him and hauling John out of the water. Then he stumbled forward onto dry land, where he collapsed, exhausted, to his knees and laid John upon the rocks. “John!” he cried. “Please, oh please, don’t be dead. That’s not how this is supposed to happen!” He felt for a pulse but couldn’t find one.
. After Sherlock quickly signed in (signing
“Am I wrong?”
“What?”
“Thank you,” he said softly.
“No, Scully’s the doctor. That’s me.”
that John and Sherlock become partners, in every sense of the word? So maybe they needed a cheerleader.
John looked startled. “What?”
happened. He didn’t know himself, and he didn’t know the man who had lain naked with him through orgasm after orgasm after org . . . God, what the
Sherlock pulled himself out of his thoughts, and John angled the phone so Sherlock could see what he was reading. He highlighted a portion of it:
“Have at it,” he said, forcing a smile to show Sherlock he wouldn’t get upset.
“Hours ago, now. Last injection.”
“Do you remember the date? Your first day in this world?”
“Your home?”
“Sorry,” said John, shuffling backwards, “I think . . . I think you’re confusing me with someone else.”
“And I am personally acquainted with a number of renowned reparative specialists—”
“I—I don’t know.”
“Tell me,” he said. “What the hell have you done with John Watson?”
“He . . . admires what I do. He’s impressed by it.”
“There’s been—”
what we need to do, to hop you back home.”
Sherlock raised up on his elbow, suddenly cross. “You’re upset. With
“Mother Nature designed Alphas and Omegas to mate, and everything from scents to heats facilitates that. However, if we can engineer scent inhibitors for Alphas, as a protective measure, shouldn’t we be able to do something for Omegas? Something that gives them power over their own heats . . . ?”
“Just this,” said Sherlock. “One week from today, Marble Arch, twelve o’clock noon. I am issuing an official challenge on behalf of John Watson and Molly Hooper. You tell them, I’ll be waiting. Now fuck off.”
“Have I ever, even once, demonstrated psychic powers before last night?” John asked, exasperated.
“Just so. It didn’t last long, but it was undeniable.”
Should he talk about
“I mean, I can’t
. Both were targeted at gay men.
“Yes.”
“Yes, yes, I’m familiar with the premise. It’s the sequel to
“What’s the
“Then we shall see.”
discipline you, and you’ll be smarting for a month.”
John followed his gaze. “You mean the book?”
“Ah. I see. You’ll have to forgive me. I’m not always current on my slang.” The doctor gave him a reassuring sort of smile and pressed on. “As the receptive partner, do you use a lubricant?”
“That’s the only way it will work.”
He leveled the gun at the knees of a Beta.
John twisted his head, looking sharply over at Sherlock. It was dark, and all he could make out was a silhouette. “What?”
“Thank you.”
“You haven’t slept.”
“You said he saw you, too. Right?”
“Can’t you deduce that, too?”
stubborn soul.”
—“a single pack”—
Sherlock waved away the apology.
“Did you kill the Alphas?” His tone was pragmatic, clinical, but there was a backlighting of fire behind the calm.
“Good. I’ll want to question each of them, to start, and then . . . John, what are you doing?”
trying to explain it through metaphor? Maybe the experience is akin to what it would be like, falling down a rabbit hole.”
This past week, however, their fire had been reignited. John couldn’t remember the last time he had felt so happy, so in love. It was like they were starting over. They were like new people. Well, they
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, but John ploughed ahead before he could get a word in.
, and a mating ritual with biological implications called
John smiled. “Hell yes.”
“Shoulder dislocates here,” said John. “Two moves, like this. Pop, pop.”
. Your scent, your body, your everything.”
“That’s right, just let me. Let me . . .”
“Oh my
One particular horror involved an Alpha pack of five, who roamed London four summers before, preying on Omegas, bonded and unbonded alike. It began with a twenty-eight-year-old Omega-X, bonded for twelve years at the time of her attack. She had been working in a kitchen at a diner, and during the dinner rush, she took the trash out back to the bins; there, five Alphas, four Ys and an X, fell upon her. The pack ravaged her, broke her bonding, scented her, forced knotting, and left her bleeding in the alley. When her Alpha found out, he was devastated. She was a mess, physically, chemically. After her surface wounds had healed, she and her mate had tried bonding again, but the hormones were too confused: the scenting of the invasive Alphas had seeped too deep, and her body resisted her mate’s scent and knot; despite all his efforts, her Alpha couldn’t resolve the imbalances and re-establish their chemical link. It was during her next heat that her body rebelled entirely: her hormonal toxins converted into toxic hormones, and she was poisoned and dead before the end of the day. Her bond-mate, distraught, sought his vengeance on the Alphas who had severed them, and the dog fight that ensued led to his death as well.
“Absolutely.”
“Self-professed psychics are charlatans! Under controlled test conditions, no supposed ‘supernatural powers’
“For all his brilliance, Sherlock isn’t always the most observant,” Lestrade agreed, encouraging the conversation to move forward.
“How long since your last estrus cycle began?”
“The London of this world?”
before
But it was dark. And John was out there, alone.
, and you have no idea how it happened.”
“Ah. Yes. Well, I specialize in Omega-X fertility, but more broadly, estrology.” He winked. “Heat doctor.”
the swift current of the Thames that will sweep you far down the river until your bloated body washes up on one of the banks or is spit into the North Sea. So tell me, John Watson, what good is swapping back if your mind arrives in a corpse?”
“And that made you mad, did it?”
, John had said.
“And I’m not the John you knew,” said John sorrowfully.
though not understanding even that half of it
, surely.”
John told him everything. Nearly. He finished a little abruptly, a little pathetically, with this: “And then he was just … gone.”
“Happy New Year, John.”
about it? No more playing? No more teasing glances? No more innuendos? No more pretending this unspoken attraction to one another wasn’t sizzling under a cracking surface, ready to burst forth? But the expression on Sherlock’s face was anything but titillating.
. . . Was that still considered gay?
While the reporter read highlights from the letter, Sherlock, the bill of his baseball cap pulled down so low it was a wonder he could even see, leaned close to John and said, “The barman’s getting suspicious. Keeps eying you, wondering why you’re not drinking.”
They woke together. They took turns in the loo. They dressed in silence. Neither mentioned the night before, and for that John was relieved, though conflicted. He had enjoyed falling asleep like that, been grateful for it; and yet, he felt he shouldn’t have been.
John touched his face, then brought their lips together again, softly. “You know you’re not.”
“Five. Four.” A tear slid down Sherlock’s cheek, over the place John had kissed him. “Three. Two.”
“What’s this then?” She grabbed his hand, still bandaged from broken bottle; the stitches wouldn’t be ready to come out for another five days or so. “And this?” She grabbed his chin and turned his head. The bruising on the side of his face was still a sickly yellow-green. He slapped her arm away.
“Right.” He could feel the pace of his heart kick it up a notch. This was it, this was what had happened to him, exactly what had happened. He and the other John had been in step with one another on the Waterloo Bridge. The energy built, the universe folded, the lightning struck, and
Oh God! What else had they done to him!
“Not the mouth I’m interested in,” said another.
” Sherlock stepped back into John’s space, wrapped his arms once again around his small body, and buried his face in his neck. “They didn’t knot you. I’m glad. But . . . you’ve been scented.”
John 1:
Then he saw a figure crossing the pitch toward him. It was his father. He started to his feet, but otherwise held his ground.
” Dr. Stapleton bellowed.
But Sherlock was finding it difficult to smile. His face cracked, and he buried it once again in John’s shoulder to hide it. “I thought maybe I’d lost you.” His voice was strained with tears.
Roger was the most ferocious of the pack, the largest, the strongest, the most experienced. It was no wonder he was the pack leader, the Alpha of Alphas, as it were. It was no wonder Sherlock had insisted on taking him on himself; he knew what he was up against, and John did not.
But John couldn’t even look at him right now. He had a sudden and desperate need to escape.
“John.” Sherlock gave him a sardonic look, but there was a hint of a smile. “I only consult the best.”
at a time, okay? And nothing in this”—he indicated his groin area with an overly large circle—“region.”
of her, if you know what I mean. Passcodes and all. Pretty damn impressive, even for you. You’re a quick study, you are. And yet.” He shrugged.
“You too,” John whispered.
, he had been trying to say.
“And he’s going to kill you to get it done.
“I said, do you really want this to
vividly, and by the power of his own admittedly substandard powers of observation, he had reached some startling biological conclusions about his current, hrm,
John took a deep breath. What he had to say next, he debated. And when he put pen to paper again, he wrote slowly.
Sherlock passed him the gun. It was heavier than he remembered.
“Quite early, isn’t it?”
“What’s going on?” Sherlock asked as they walked.
“It was the dog walker,” said John. “Only person with spare keys to the back door, and a history of mental disorder. She said the birds told her to kill him, and she trained the dog to follow the wrong trail.”
No. That wasn’t quite true. He made love like a poet—imbuing every touch with meaning, feeling, passion. His every touch was a request, for permission, for returned affection. He was tender and ardent and lovely, not shy but thoughtful, slow, in ways John’s Sherlock had never been, but maybe could be. And the kisses . . . God, he had the most incredible mouth, the most versatile tongue. Nothing in John's life had felt more intimate than being kissed by Sherlock Holmes. But then, for the first time in his life, Sherlock had been in love; he’d had a lover. And now?
, emerging from a thick pea-soup fog, the kind that not only obscured your vision but hampered your movements, and like trying to run in a dream, or through mud up to your waist, struggling so hard and not going anywhere.
piece of evidence?”
“The . . . inspection?”
They went straight for the man with the cast, Sean, taking advantage of the handicap. With the other two Alphas already pouncing, they knew they would get only one quick shot at this, so it had to work. Sherlock slammed into Sean. But rather than let him fall, he pulled him down at the neck. John seized the man’s injured arm and wrenched it: two moves, and the humerus popped away from the scapula. Sean threw his head back and screamed in agony, and in the next second, Sherlock seized a leg, and with simultaneous action, twisted it clockwise while John rammed a knee into Sean’s groin. The impact, combined with the wrenching, dislocated the ball-shaped head of the femur from of the ball-shaped acetabulum of the pelvis. Then they dropped him, and Sean fell to the ground, writhing, and fully incapacitated. Approximately two seconds had passed.
“No.”
“Don’t I? You saw the footage. He as much as goaded those Alphas into chasing him, going out alone after dark the way he did, separating himself from Beta crowds. He was walking meat. You know it as well as I. His behavior has been unmistakably—”
“Good. Well. That settles it. I understand. Of course a story like that would upset you. Would
Excitement now fueling him, John picked up his feet and jogged to the edge of the park where he hailed the first taxi he saw. “St. Bartholomew’s,” he said, with a feeling of importance.
He stormed away, practically spitting fire. Fine.
John lowered the remote and craned his neck around, a little surprised to be addressed during a briefing. Sherlock was already halfway into his coat and grabbing his scarf. “Yes?”
Sherlock was without his own mobile (it had been confiscated during his booking), but there was a landline at his elbow. He started to punch in the number on the screen when he realized that it was the very same number printed out on the phone. She had asked the metaphysicist to call her here. That wouldn’t be useful at all.
John put down the spatula and left the stir fry to simmer. He turned around to see Sherlock standing in the sitting room, rotating slowly in a counterclockwise direction, eyes in examination mode.
A few seconds passed before John, as if coming out of a daze, responded. He stepped back, out of Sherlock’s encircling arms, and dropped his head (his cheeks were aglow) as he opened his bloody palm. “Broken bottle,” he said.
“Yes,” said Sherlock, once his soft chuckles had faded, but the softness of his smile hadn’t quite disappeared. A new, curious glimmer appeared in his eyes as he watched John. “Precisely.”
“That was
John squeezed Sherlock’s arm and nodded. “Got it.” His hand lingered, but when Sherlock moved to place his own hand over John’s, he let go. He started for the stairs, but his foot had only reached the first step when he stopped and turned back around. “Oh. And Sherlock.”
“What world are you from?”
“Don’t you worry about Sherlock Holmes. He’s the one who made sure I came for you.”
Afterwards, well sated for the time being, John reluctantly pulled back the sheets. He needed to use the loo. But also, he was returned to his own world, and he was eager to see what had become of his life over the last month.
John’s head fell back and he moaned to the ceiling. “
“Kindly remind your Alpha that the mask must be worn at all times while in the hospital. The effect from his shot will wear off within six hours, and he won’t have any trouble recognizing or responding to your scent.”
“We don’t know that!”
“What are you talking about?” He felt confused, put out. Was he being insulted, or complimented?
It was the body of a white male, middle aged, and with a belly like a pregnant woman. There was no obvious sign of death, although the mortuary attendant (Molly, was it? Polly?) had pinpointed cardiac arrest as the cause of death. This would not have been suspicious at all, had the corpse not been found when a couple who had returned from their holiday only to discover a stranger, half-naked, half-buried in the back garden, his head and shoulders poking up with the petunias. He was still listed as John Doe, the only identifying markers being the tats covering both arms, shoulder to wrist.
“Yes, that sounds like you.”
“You’re a nerd,” said Sherlock bluntly, “and susceptible to conspiracy theories.”
“Erm, Sherlock?” he asked, timidly.
“Leave?”
“No? Having sex with your best mate didn’t occur to you as a consequence of misidentifying a corpse?”
“No,” said John, voiced pitched high as he backed away. “Just . . . just leave me alone. Please. I don’t know you. I don’t
know?”
“What about?”
, thought Sherlock. It had been nearly twenty-four hours, and the most John had let him do was cleanse the bond mark. It didn’t make
already? I don’t need the play-by-play. But how did you go from mates to . . .” He dropped his voice. “You did say you slept together.”
“Sherlock and me. That is, erm, my Alpha, Sherlock, and, well, me.”
“Handsome animal, wouldn’t you say, John? I believe that’s what they call a calico.”
One: Throw caution to the winds! Break down the bathroom door, throw wide the shower curtain, and against yelps and curses and a whacking hand, gather John into his arms and confess his love.
“Got it.”
For a moment, Sherlock thought he would feign ignorance. But he knew Mycroft would see straight through it. “It’s been,” Sherlock shook his head quickly and flung a dismissive hand into the air, “a strange couple of weeks. Hectic.”
. There’s a lot I want to change about myself, my own life. Though, maybe, it starts here. So . . . can I tell you what I do want? From
“Shit John, is this an intervention?”
? Like, with scalpels?”
This wasn’t right, it wasn’t
“Ah yes,” said Lestrade. “I’m sure you two get up to all sorts of things. In the name or research.” He winked at John.
Sherlock shook his head. “Never.”
“Mustn’t dawdle, John,” said Dr. Stapleton, tugging on his hand. The man put an arm around his shoulders, pulling him forward.
“I have a blog?”
He grabbed the back of John’s head and shoved his face deeper into the mud. Then he got off. But when he turned to walk away, he stepped on John’s left buttock. Only later did John learn that when his dad had stolen his cleats, he had driven nails through the soles, their tips poking half an inch through the rubber spikes. They were more weapon now than shoe. All at once, eight spikes punched through John’s skin, then tore themselves out. John screamed into the mud, not knowing then what had just happened, only that it hurt like hell.
that simply didn’t jive with what he knew about the male—or, for that matter,
“John!” he cried, getting a mouthful of Thames. But in every direction, he saw lapping currents and debris, but no John.
Visiting hours were drawing to a close, and Sherlock had not stopped in. Trying to ignore the sting of insult (or just plain hurt), John asked one of the nurses to call him. She returned with the report that there had been no answer.
“True, my mistake.” John took a large bite, as though to stopper himself. But when he swallowed, he finished, “Boredom.”
He tugged on the string of Sherlock’s bottoms to loosen them, and while one hand undid the bow, the other busied itself with seeing just how much Sherlock wanted to be touched.
John knew his mouth was open in wonder, but he couldn’t seem to find words to fill it. He and Sherlock had been partners for seven years. How had he never known this? Not that he went on and on about his former Alphas—they were a given—but in part because he had enjoyed so few of them, but in greater part because he
know is how to reverse it, how to send you back to your own world. If you still want to go.”
“What’s this?”
Eight.
“You’ve been to a doctor, then.”
“He’s disgusted, jealous.”
of her surname. She was looking him over now, bashfully, from battered face to bandaged hand, and John gave her time to do it. He knew he was a sight, but
wrong with you, and damn it, John Watson, you are going to tell me what it is.”
is the life he wants. The one he is sharing with you. Because . . . ?”
“A three-day
It was exploratory, more than anything. Sherlock ran a finger over a callus that had formed on his index finger, where he pulled a trigger. He prodded the knuckle of his index finger, which was larger than the others. He manipulated John's hand to bend at the wrist, testing its range of motion. He brushed the fine hairs beginning on the back of the hand, before they thickened and darkened as they travelled up the arm.
“Oh. She likes you!” said John, surprised.
Sherlock heard the door to the bathroom creak open shyly. He folded the letter quickly and slid it under the tea tray.
Sherlock burst out laughing again, throwing himself back into the couch cushions. John whacked his leg, but his face was bright red from trying not to laugh at the embarrassment he couldn’t identify as either first-hand or second. It was sort of both.
. Trickery. A scheme to prey on the most gullible and suggestible.
He seemed a little embarrassed: a pink hue had awakened in both cheeks, and he was studiously avoiding John’s eyes now. Charged with discomfort, Sherlock leaped to his feet, disappeared from John’s periphery, and when he reappeared, two seconds later, he was already donning his coat and scarf.
“Hmm?” Sherlock’s hand had trailed down his glistening throat and over his pectorals. He rested his palm over the bullet wound.
“Please?”
By five o’clock, a small team of doctors had arrived to evaluate him. He let them poke and prod and run their little tests, but he could hardly keep still. He wasn’t the least bit sleepy, and he felt like a kid on Christmas morning who had woken too early to go down for presents, and he was just waiting it out.
“He wrote about everything. His dreams, his nightmares, his hopes, his fears. On one page, he talks about everything he wants in an Alpha, and on the next, he’s going on about how nervous Alphas make him. You were rather the exception. You should hear how his tone changes once he’s met you. He’s so smitten his grammar suffers, and it’s nothing but Sherlock Sherlock Sherlock—brilliant this, and fantastic that.” He smiled wryly, hearing a familiar echo.
he argued back,
“What’s this? What’s going on?” Sherlock asked, bewildered. “You’re—” He squinted. “You’re not John. I’ve never seen you before.”
Sherlock stopped himself from crossing the void between them to lay a hand on his shoulder or rub his back, as he was inclined. Instead, he stayed planted, hoping only to say the right thing and ease the torment John clearly suffered. “No need to feel embarrassed. It’s just . . . one of those things.”
She nodded slowly, but her eyes were welling with tears. “I wish I could go back,” she said. “Left sooner. Seen them before they pushed me through the door.”
But Sherlock bowed his head, contrite. “Right. I’m sorry. I know. I’ll try—”
Just as the sun was coming up, breaking through window panes and blinding him—white rays reflecting off the mirror—Sherlock reappeared.
“Ooh,
While he waited, he rehearsed in his head what he was going to say. Every word had to be perfect.
Like John himself, John’s arse was small and round and beautiful, and yes, scarred. The right was unmarred, but the left, just as John had warned, bore eight distinct marks about the size of a 5-pence coin, dark pink and slightly raised, and evenly spaced out across the skin of buttock and upper thigh. A curious sight, for anyone who didn’t know what had happened. It might be mistaken for bug bites. Sherlock placed his large hands over the warm flesh, treating one globe as much as the other, kneading softly. “Okay?”
“You’ll make sure to see to Molly?” said John. “See that she recovers all right and is taken care of?”
Mike sat back, eyebrows knitted, still thinking, and John saw him mouth the word again.
“He told me. You
But then, why would Sherlock and John have devised such a plan, if they weren’t confident in its success?
They had ended up at St Bartholomew’s Hospital. Sherlock had a contact there (not Molly Hooper) who was letting them lie low. From there, it was a short twenty-minute walk to the bridge. While they waited out the remaining hours, John stitched Sherlock up. His wounds, fortunately, were superficial, but needed tending to.
“I know.”
He wondered what that moment had been like for the other John. In his journals, he had written of his bonding with near reverence and absolute affection, and it had annoyed John at first, this gobsmacked devotion. But now, looking at the horrible mark on Molly’s skin, and comparing his experience when he had allowed Sherlock to wash away the scent of the intruder-Alphas and replace it with his own, feeling calm and content and
“You told me he would fight in my name, and he is. I didn’t believe it. I wanted to, but I couldn’t. Even when he came to see me yesterday, when he said he’d put my name on the registry, it didn’t feel real until I saw it in print.”
way.”
“Okay. We could, I don’t know, look it up online? Maybe there’s something on Wikipedia about how one crosses worlds.”
The camera man threw a two, a one, and:
The sensations were incredible: the initial breach, then the gentle push, push,
of stories—dedicated to the cases Sherlock and John had worked on over the last couple of years.
And when Sherlock lifted his head again, John reached for him, beckoned him with love-filled eyes, wanting to hold him. Then Sherlock was there, head lying on John’s chest, and John’s arms encircled him again.
“What?”
“Now now, the doctors will want to have a look at you. Make sure everything is all right. You had quite the fall.”
At once, John’s eyes flew open. For a few seconds more, he continued to struggled, but Sherlock had him too thoroughly restrained, and in any case, his senses were slowly returning, the dream disintegrating. But Sherlock could feel the rapid pulse in John’s wrists, the labored breaths swelling his chest and constricting his diaphragm. His head, lifted off the ground, fell back to the floor, and he whispered, as though to himself, “Shit.”
John 2:
“John, just, you know . . . be
“I’ve already eliminated the impossible.”
“He wouldn’t listen. He thought it was a horrible idea, and he would’ve stopped me! So I— I lied. I had to, or John would have fallen without me. But what that means is, he landed without Sherlock. There was nobody to pull him from the water. Oh my
He left the officers with the body and started after John, ignoring Lestrade shouting, “Hey, we’re not quite finished yet!” Picking up his feet, he jogged around the corner until he came in sight of a gray shack on the top of which read the unambiguous sign
. My John Watson fancies women, only women, do you understand?”
“He meant worse. You know that. And you know I wouldn’t do any of that. I promised you when we bonded I wouldn’t. And I wouldn’t have Compelled you, either, if I thought there were any other way.”
They stared at one another like each had stated the obvious and nothing more needed to be said. But John knew he couldn’t allow the misunderstanding to persist. He groaned inwardly and said, “We don’t sleep together, Sherlock. We don’t even share a bedroom.”
Sherlock nodded somberly.
At long last, Sherlock spoke, soft and stilted, and very much unaroused.
was that!”
To start, the texts never called a human male or female. He was either an Alpha-Y, Beta-Y, or Omega-Y; she was an Alpha-X, Beta-X, or Omega-X. So far, so good. Clear. Easy. Weird, but comprehensible.
It had been indescribable bliss. And now, it was over. But, as John lay in a bed that smelled of sex and sweat, he realized that the nightmare was not. He was still in this stranger’s body. What had happened over the past three days had
John snorted. “Yeah? Maybe next time the universe can swap
What the hell?
“Sherlock, I was about to wring your neck when I saw John step out into the dog-pen.”
“Shit shit, holy shit.”
Betas. Maybe that’s how it should be. Maybe nature is correcting for that now. But we as a species are not going extinct. It’s just our characteristics that change. If people stop being born with blue eyes, that doesn’t mean those same people stop being born. They’ve just traded one trait for another. That’s reproduction. That’s evolution. It’s all fine. Let nature paint her canvas. In the meantime, let
Sherlock’s hand trailed lazily down John’s side; his other wrapped under and around his body, holding him close. For his part, John rested against him, carding fingers through his curls, mouthing against his neck. Every sensation was paradoxical: wild and calming, fevered and cool, content and needy. His brain skittered between registering every feeling and losing itself in feeling everything. Nothing was as important as this, and yet John was more important than anything.
“About what happened,” John pursued, undeterred.
“No, John Watson, I do not.”
to have been pink, and it was never found! It was an incredibly significant detail! (Was it significant? Yes, yes, it had to have been. It was!) It meant, it
run. Just fast enough to push past their closing ranks, just far enough to outpace them until he reached Sherlock. Taking his eyes off the pack of four to assess his chances, he noticed, instead, that the two standing by the pole had literally abandoned that post and were coming forward more steadily now that the pack of four were making their move. John wasn’t sure, but he began to suspect they were not all one pack, but many. Competitors. The solitary Alpha on the ridge, who stood at the greatest distance, was stalking forward with intent, quickly, to cover more ground, hoping to reach him first, to claim him. The three down the path were egging each other forward, though with a little more hesitancy (John judged them somewhat younger than the others), and the two on the bridge, strangely, were gesturing
“It’s . . . guesswork.”
“Why, the miserable little f—!”
“Like I had done him a
Thing two: She still had to be knotted?!?! She still had to suffer these heats, the humiliation of subjecting herself to an Alpha, or else
They returned to Baker Street tired and blood-stained—John more than Sherlock. Sherlock’s clothes only suffered a single line of blood sprayed from a tear in the blood bag; as for John, the bag had burst. He had gotten a face full of it, and it soaked his shirtfront. Despite it all, John was positively glowing with euphoria. He couldn’t stop smiling, and on the way home, he spent the whole of the cab ride on the edge of his seat, leaning forward to tell the whole story to the cabbie, who made for a very good audience. For his part, Sherlock rolled his eyes, inserted corrections, and made a general show of objection to John’s enthusiastic accounting—but he was secretly enjoying himself.
It was magnificent, beyond magnificent, holding John this closely, feeling John’s hands grazing his skin and knowing that he wanted this, too. The only regret was that he had not acted sooner, weeks and
“And her suitcase was missing.” John’s eyebrows shot up, giving the impression of a schoolteacher who expected his pupil to take the next step. “You remember
“You know I can’t let you enter without an Alpha escort.”
“Ooh, has this one got a mouth on him!” said one.
you will.”
“Oh. Sherlock,” she said with barely masked displeasure. “It’s you.”
was a little rude.
. She would get right up in Dad’s face, and scream, and use all kinds of profanity, and when he inevitably smacked her, she smacked him right back. John admired that. He wanted to be just like her, but he was too afraid, and he hated himself for being such a coward. Really, his only weapon was to be the good son. If he was good, Dad wouldn’t have any reason to hate him and punish him.
John Watson of the Wacko World loved Sherlock Holmes. John Watson of Normalia had felt it for himself. He hadn’t exactly doubted it before. After all, he’d read the journal entries, and he was personal witness to the depth of feeling Sherlock held for him in return. But now he knew the truth of it beyond a shadow of a doubt, and he had to protect that. John was steward of this body now. He was its guardian. And what would happen, if on some random day, by some freak of nature as unpredictable as the last, John and John swapped back, and John returned to this body, to this world, only to discover that his Sherlock was dead—murdered—while defending the honor of his Omega, and that he was now the bond-mate of a psychotic Alpha-X scientist whose greatest interest in him was to further her research and gain international acclaim?
John shook his head in despair. “When I fell . . . I was alone.”
” cried the man.
Sherlock’s chest rose and fell slowly, like he was trying to think of what to say, or how to say it. “Tell him . . . the moment he crosses back, I’ll be there. The very moment.”
“Let’s try this again, shall we?” said Sherlock. “Where did
Then he sat back and sulked. That was definitely going to be a 1 in the box.
“When I’m done with Roger, I’ll help you finish him off.”
“Gruesome.”
Just like that? John was chuffed beyond measure. Just as he was unused to playing partner to a detective, so was Sherlock unused—or unwilling—to go it alone. Not if he could help it.
John stared at him, hard. “No. You're not. Is John enough for you?”
John blushed and laughed it away. “Next time,” he agreed. “Next . . . week?”
“Come on, then, be honest,” said the third, chiding him. “You bonded or what?”
he interested in John? He had long accepted that John was
It had gone two in the morning on the twenty-first day since the Bridge Event (as they had come to call it), and both John and Sherlock were standing shoulder to shoulder and staring at a perfectly ordinary but damn-it-all dammed mirror. Since losing the connection three nights ago, John hadn’t been able to get it back. And he was pretty sure why.
Nevertheless, it had been a long, long time since he’d slept so well.
“I’m so, so sorry, John. I swear: You come back, and we’ll never mention it again. I’ll delete it. It will be like it never happened.”
“What, finding you?” he asked, like it was a ridiculous thing to be grateful for.
“What for!”
Sherlock growled deep in his throat, sending a current of heat straight into John’s groin. Sherlock must have felt it against his stomach, their skin separated by only a thin t-shirt and pair of boxer shorts. He grasped John’s arse with one hand while his arm held him securely around the back, and pressed him closer, letting him rub, making the heat spike. John gasped and felt himself going weak. But holding him firmly, Sherlock made an about-face and marched back through the kitchen, down the hall, and into their (their?) bedroom, all the while mouthing at John’s neck.
“So, my cycle was supposed to start yesterday,” he said, feeling it all come out in a rush. “It didn’t. I’m very consistent, have been my whole life, but nothing happened. And, and, and, my penis is, well, it’s huge. Engorged, and I’m really, really tight, if you know what I mean. I honestly don’t think I would have been able to have sex last night, even if we had tried. But we didn’t. He . . . he didn’t want me.”
The man gave it a cursory glance and shook his head. “Yeah, that’s what I thought. Sorry, mate. Can’t sell that to you.”
And again.
.” Sherlock licked a stripe at John’s collarbone and sucked gently.
John frowned. He looked away. He felt an unaccountable guilt rise up in him, perhaps because of his seven days of deceit, perhaps because he was about to wound this man, and his Sherlock or not, he didn’t want to see that happen. He cared for him. God help him, he cared for him a lot.
to wrongdoing, as with a surrender, but the guilt is presumed, so the Alphas of the pack who have not surrendered are surgically castrated in public.”
Squirming inside, John wrestled with a response. But how did he say he’d never thought about, you know,
“We’re friends.”
“Oi!” said John, stepping forward. “You don’t talk to an Alpha that way!”
“For what?”
They read each other’s messages, and each of their faces fell. On the other side of the mirror, John nodded somberly and lifted his hand in farewell. For his part, John could barely respond. Was there anything he wanted to say? Anything at all that could be expressed in three seconds of furious scribbles, anything that could appropriately convey his longing to return or desperation to see the face of his dearest friend? Overwhelmed by the impossibility of getting it right, he did exactly the wrong thing instead, and shook his head.
“But the brightest mind in the field of quantum physics and theories of parallel universes resides in Exeter, and that is why I am here.”
In the dark closet, he crowded in, pushing John up against the wall. He felt the small body beneath his tense up, and John’s giggle added a note of anxiety. “Oh, do we have to do this again?” He was trembling a little.
The morning train leaving Paddington Station was crowded, and at first, John thought they wouldn’t be able to sit anywhere near each other. As they jostled their way down an aisle, his nostrils were accosted with the scents of dozens of people all at once, but his brain took quick measurements and made ready identifications of everyone they passed: Alpha here, Alpha there, three Betas and an Omega, and a bonded pair. His olfactory senses were clearly adept at reading genders—a skill that, in his previous life, he’d had to rely primarily on his sight, and sometimes ear, to do—but every instance of it still amazed and halfway terrified him, in part because he feared one day it would just be . . . normal.
“No, I do—”
“This is my first go.”
“If you could
“Take it, take it!” he shouted, thrusting the gun into John’s hands even as they kept on in hasty pursuit.
There, he found John seated at the table by the window, in the chair facing the fireplace. He had his laptop open and his hands were at the keyboard. The table, Sherlock saw, had been cleared of all his own things, including his laptop, and was now strewn with small stacks of paper, and the printer was humming with another page coming out. John, busy at work, didn’t look up at the sound of the opening door, but Sherlock knew that he heard him come in, because just as he closed the door behind himself and opened his mouth to speak, John, without taking his eyes off the screen, made a sharp gesture with his hand, saying, “Have a seat.”
“All right, you’re done,” he said. He tugged on John’s arm, meaning to steer him away from the mirror and perhaps toward the couch. But the blood had left both legs, and they were numb from thigh to toe. John’s knees collapsed under him, and he fell forward and into Sherlock, who gave an
“Damn, son, stop showing off.”
“. . . in places they shouldn’t have been, yeah, I know. Why didn’t you stop it?”
. His eyebrows lifted in surprise, and a feeling of warmth, quite unrelated to his heat, spread through him. Sherlock had added John’s name? That was unexpected and unnecessary, but . . . touching. He wasn’t quite sure what to make of it, but he let himself into the flat with a soft smile on his face.
His phone dinged again.
“Laws are laws.”
—three of them!—and walked away with only a battered face, an unsuccessful scenting, and . . .
“He . . . visited my sister. He says . . . they had a great time? They, holy fuck, they spent an hour laughing together and drinking
“More likely,” Anderson said, “this was a hapless accident. Talk to anyone. He had a reputation. Apparently, the man was nuts about big cats, tigers especially. Bloke probably clocked out but hid himself in the loo, waiting for everyone to go, and fancied he could get close to his favorite animals. Idiot got himself attacked, escaped, but bled out and collapsed here where he died. There’s a trail of blood that
“Oh my
He had meant it flippantly, while at the same time wondering if there was a kernel of truth in his words. Was John desperate enough that he would risk
Then: The gentle, swaying rumble of a train as he sat alone, and a tall, handsome stranger asking,
. Let’s continue the physics lesson, shall we? You’re not falling into a pile of feathers. These aren’t disparate molecules tapping into one another, giggling, and shyly backing away to give each other room. Water molecules are highly cohesive. Hydrogen will bond to the oxygen atoms of
“You’re saying it doesn’t make sense?”
Until John was struck by a horrible thought.
“I want to start assisting on your cases. I can be useful. Now,” he hurried on, to forestall any objections, “I know I’m not as, as, as
“Eleven people died, Sherlock.
something like that will work. And they have no right to ask that of you, either. You deserve better. I would rather know John’s alive, in another world I can never reach, than dead in this one.”
“You’re embarrassed that you and I had sex.”
before continuing to write.
John Watson, I should say—has an entire blog dedicated to
“No, Sherlock.” John tried to steady the boat that pitched to and fro and threatened to throw him overboard; anger became his anchor. “Like always, you’ve got it all exactly
Was there logic behind this at all? Reason? A history? Quite possibly yes. He cast his mind back, not too far back, but well before the “incident in the bedroom,” and he thought about the casual touches, Sherlock to John, John to Sherlock, that they had shared. They had been familiar, but comfortable, and he knew he never touched anyone, nor was touched by anyone, with as much ease and camaraderie as he shared with John. So there was that.
He lowered his nose and lifted an arm away from his body to take a quick whiff.
An hour outside of London, the crowd had thinned a bit, and Sherlock moved to place himself directly across from John, facing him. Although he wasn’t quite meeting him face to face. He was staring out the window, deep in thought. But matters were weighing on John’s mind, and without the danger of being overheard, now seemed as good a time as any to address them.
John nodded, a sense of eagerness returning. He actually rubbed his hands together. “Shall we?”
“So . . . he left. He jumped.”
“Nonsense, John, I’ve abandoned plenty of both.”
“There’s the understatement of the century.”
It had been quite some time since Sherlock had last heard John complain about money. Maybe more than a year. It didn’t hurt that he had steady work and therefore steady income (though come to think of it, when was the last time he had taken a shift down at the surgery?), but Sherlock knew he still fretted over expenses, from time to time. John had always been the frugal sort. But he was also a proud man, a fifty-fifty sort of man, who insisted on paying his fair share—which usually amounted to considerably more because Sherlock could not often be bothered with petty little things. Like electricity bills. Cab fare. The occasional bail.
what, was transpiring in that dark alley before John emerged from it again, quite alone. Standing upright and under his own power, he tossed something aside—the shard from the glass bottle—made a militaristic about face, and marched away with his nose pointed dead straight down the street. Not running. Not in a panic. Not desperately seeking help. He just . . . walked away.
“Yes?”
Byron’s right knee ruptured with blood. He collapsed to the lab floor, screaming.
“What do you play?”
“Implausible,” he whispered.
John seemed to be thinking, then he moved to write again.
“Good to know.” Sherlock nuzzled his neck.
“Right.”
He heard a strident kissy noise break the quiet, and he turned his head sharply to the pack of four, which was striding unabashedly closer now, eyes fixed on him.
“Did it hurt?”
“A break in the case,” said the detective-inspector.
[John smiled, looking very much relieved.]
He debunked Anderson’s explanation of the blood trail and shoe prints first.
In her will, Mrs. Hudson left 221 Baker Street and its three apartments—a value of over three million pounds—to its occupants of twelve years: husbands Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
“If that helps you. If the offending pack is defeated, they do not
In any case, Sherlock held the proof of John’s sanity in his palm: The deaths of those eleven people had been serial killings, not suicides, and they had all been carried out by a cabbie named Jeff Hope, who had died of a brain aneurysm, just as John had said. The question was, how could John possibly have known all that?
“She’s a bit older, and very kind. Very gentle. Her bond-mate passed away a couple summers ago, and she has no interest in bonding again. And we like her. Don’t we, Greg?”
“We’ll know.”
“Yeah, but, they can’t help it sometimes, can they?”
“The heat. The orgasms. You hated every second of it.”
Unexpectedly, Sherlock sat forward in his chair and fixed John with an inquisitive expression. “Explain.”
Sherlock shook his head, annoyed, but at whom—John, or himself—John couldn’t tell. “Let’s just say I have grown accustomed to sharing a flat and having a companion. That is all.”
John went out the window.
“Perhaps I could help you find something?”
Well, he did say
“This will never work,” said John, grimacing twenty-four hours later as the second vial was emptied into him. He was once again strapped down, the only protest possible a verbal one.
He watched as her confusion turned to understanding, then shock, then outrage. “No!” she cried, just as Sherlock set the crumpled paper alight and dropped it in the bin.
He quickly took stock of himself, noticing a few things that three days of hazy nakedness had not brought to his attention. To start, his penis was still pathetically small, but more than that, he felt narrower around the waist and slighter in the chest and thinner in the arms. Stepping on the scale revealed the truth of it: he was twenty pounds lighter than his proper weight. In fact, he even felt
“Was it your Alpha what saved you then?”
mean the way things had been before? That seemed fairly impossible. He couldn’t get John’s job back for him, for instance, and he’d already decided that he needed to make some effort to fix his relationship with his sister before he left. So maybe what he really meant by
He set both bottles back on the shelves. “Pardon?”
never seen you have one like that. It’s the Alphas, isn’t it?”
John laughed out loud. “Since when do you care what
he? Did Sherlock sense things weren’t right? John didn’t see how. The man was a genius, sure, but he wasn’t psychic. He worked off of evidence, and half a city away, he had none. Besides, running late for what?
have to go out there and cut them off at the pass.
John appeared at once. “Yes, sir.”
“You’re
“Are you okay?” said Lestrade, stepping a little closer to John. His voice indicated his concern and matched Sherlock’s confusion.
“I was going to say the same of you.”
“No no, honestly, I’m intrigued.” Chris moved eagerly to the edge of his seat, his knees bouncing. “People have always been a little dismissive of Wonderland as the product of a drug-addled brain. But what if he was just trying to explain his experience? Or… or! What if he took drugs to
he said, “That would be Lestrade,” as though to put him at ease.
“What of?”
“It wasn’t.”
Had he just used that word?
“I don’t believe in coincidence. The universe is rarely so lazy.”
“You should have.”
“Your blog.”
All of London was awake, watching the clock, except for Mrs. Hudson, who was downstairs and asleep. She had had a trying day. Being assaulted and held at gunpoint by a small posse of Americans will do that to an old woman, even one as hale and hearty as Mrs. H.
John shot off the chair and bolted for the bathroom. The examination was over. At least, for the moment.
For a moment or two, while stroking Sherlock’s bare neck and shoulders, John contemplated how to respond. Always, he had shied away from bald honesty, even with himself. He didn’t want to do that anymore.
Two-handed now, he yanked and flipped and unzipped, and . . .  yes! That was
Lestrade was still laughing and couldn’t talk. John, face still red, just gave Sherlock a wink and said, “Back to work, Holmes.”
“Years and years of experience, eh?”
And with that, the two men left. John stood numbly in the center of the room. With those few words, his life had just gotten a hundred times worse.
There, they fell together onto the bed, John’s legs still wrapped around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock’s weight pressing down on him. He whimpered, his back arched, and his hips rolled. They met in the middle, a delicious burst of pleasure.
“He’s really good,” John said, ignoring it. “Only been a couple weeks, and already he’s playing in the level three book. Two weeks ago, it was a scratchy Hot Cross Buns. Now you should hear him on Fur Elise and Downtown Boogie.”
Slowly, Sherlock straightened, growing taller. And though he was less wolf-like with that posture, he was no less frightening. “Is that so? You lot know the pricks who tried to take what’s mine before? Very well. Then you’ll deliver a message for me.”
Sherlock supposed it wouldn’t do to alert the medical staff to such factors as space-time jumps or displacement theories. But he couldn’t stop himself from suspecting that something had gone wrong with the energy transference. Was it his John in there, or the other John? Or, the most devastating possibility, no John at all? What if John had been forced out, and there had been no one to take his place, and all that was left behind was a hollow shell?
He had to fight it. But it was like trying to straighten a limb when the muscles had all seized and curled. With gritted teeth and sweating brow, he dropped the fork and shot to his feet. Panting, he backed away from the table.
“If you want my opinion,” said Chris, “the worst thing we can do is dismiss stories. Science fiction, speculative fiction, fantasy—they’re closer to truth than we might know.”
She laughed and walked up beside him. “We can’t talk on the phone
“You’re hurt.”
It made him sad, the differences. He was no dummy—he knew which was more equitable. And it should have given him further cause to choose
Laughing, John said, “Later’s fine. We’re not done here.”
Why shouldn’t he?
For his part, Sherlock shook his head. So things weren’t quite back to normal after all. He started unbuttoning his own shirt, to create a pile of bloodied clothes to take for cleaning. That’s when he grabbed John’s coat off the back of the door—lest it leave a bloodstain on Mrs. Hudson’s wood—to put into a plastic bag when he felt something stiff, and heard something crinkle. Reaching into an inside pocket of John’s coat, he pulled out two pamphlets.
John struggled again, his cheek rubbing the bricks roughly. “It’s not
to have a heat, if they didn’t want one, or until they found an Alpha they actually did want to share it with? Then the power would lie with them. Power over heats
He felt the torturous angst of divided desires. He loved this. Oh, how he loved this. And he had come to love this Sherlock. Not in the same way as he loved his own, but he cared about him immensely. And he wouldn’t get to say goodbye. Not in person anyway, and not at all if they didn’t return in time to 221B for him to finish his letter.
Both Sherlock and Donovan narrowed their eyes at him, but John just smiled, a close-lipped smile, and held his hands behind his back. He rocked a little on his heels and didn’t appear to have anything else to say.
“Just Harry,” said John, then he clicked to read the text. “Asking how I’m doing.” He chuckled to himself; a look of fondness had come over him. “Such a mother hen, that one.”
He began to retreat, to give him whatever space he needed, but John forestalled him, saying, “Who is she? I mean, do you know anything about her? A name, where she’s from, where she was attacked?”
Sherlock stood at the end of the hallway and stared. There was John, in his bedroom, tossing his dressing gown into the corner, kicking off his slippers, and pulling off the pajama bottoms because, evidently, John Watson slept in his boxer shorts. Then he disappeared from view, heading to the bed, and Sherlock heard the covers being pulled back and the sigh of the mattress as John crawled in.
Everything he knew, everything he had always understood about Sherlock Holmes, indicated that he was not a sexual creature. Women weren’t his area: he had said so from the very start. Men didn’t seem to be much of a consideration either. And Sherlock had never, not once, not ever in all of everdom, indicated any interest whatsoever at all in any way ever,
I am trying to protect from
“Aaah!” Sherlock threw back his head, and John did something he’d never done before, and went for his neck, like an Alpha.
“Shit.”
John placed his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, guiding him down. He knew what he was doing, but he wasn’t
“I told you, she’s
And suddenly, river water spouted from John’s throat, and he began coughing.
a doctor,
Jackie Jacobs, and that her doppelganger is also the prime suspect in her murd—”
That first week, they made love every night. (“It’s kinda nice, you know?” John said. “Not having to wait every forty-one days,” to which Sherlock replied, “That would be preposterous. And oddly specific.” John laughed.) Sometimes it was slow and tender, other times frenzied and hot. (“It’s like I’m discovering my body all over again,” said John. “Everything’s new. Including the scent.” To which Sherlock leaned in, put his nose to John’s neck, and said, “To me, you smell divine.” John giggled.) Sometimes facing each other, sometimes not. John had been quick to get on his knees, though he seemed less keen to do it the other way around, which disappointed Sherlock, who wanted to give it a go. But everything was still so new, and he didn’t want to pressure John into doing something he was uncomfortable doing. Although, when he thought about it, John’s discomfort at topping didn’t make a lot of sense to him. Given John’s sexual proclivities in the past, Sherlock had simply assumed he would take the more dominant role, and frankly, Sherlock had rather been hoping to be the student, in this area of their relationship at least.
John’s face sank into the mud as he squirmed and tried to break free.
ago. The evidence is stale, at best. At the time, sure, I thought I was onto something, but in the end, both the police and I agreed: nothing about those deaths suggested anyth—”
So she didn’t know about the bridge. Just as well. It was probably best no one did. “A very short while,” he said. “But I just . . . wanted to be home.”
Then Sherlock was moaning, and John fell over the edge. Waves of pleasure rolled through him, and he was thrusting into Sherlock’s mouth, and he may have shouted, or sang, or yodeled for all he knew, but Sherlock saw him through it, let him ride the storm. He’d never had an orgasm like this. Omegas usually took it another way. But this—this was possible. And he had never known. He trembled through it, filled with sheer joy, and then, as the heat began to ebb, Sherlock eased him down.
But two years had passed, and the further and further away they got from it, the more it felt like a dream. And Sherlock thought he understood how John felt about the mirror. It was like just one more link to those few, strange, life-changing days two years ago had been snapped.
“Sherlock,” he said, and there was a note of begging in his voice now that took him off guard. He cleared his throat. But Sherlock stepped on his first word.
