♪ You Can’t Rush Something You Want to Last Forever ♪
They approached a large building that was damaged and defiled, and John went running. Lestrade ordered his men to run in first, but John was faster. His feet carried him through the mud and under the roof of the building. “Sherlock!” He yelled, walking quickly throughout the building. “Sherlock, where are you?” He howled, his voice cracking.
“Thanks… what do you want?” Molly asked, her smile sinking into a half-grimace.
White, jagged flesh made its way up both arms – from just below the palm to the crook of his elbow on both sides. It was hardly precise, but it wasn’t shaky either. It was the stitching job that made it look horrid – Holmes’s cuts were straight as an arrow, as you’d expect. John stared at it, then ran his thumb along each one, watching for flinching – to see if it was still tender. It was hardly red anymore – just a slight lingering of it.
It happened a couple of times, and Watson was amazed that he never got an infection from how open the wounds stayed from something as small as playing the violin – the constant movement of tendons prevented proper healing. Especially since he played for hours on end, ignoring the burning sensation he got. It was lucky he didn’t play guitar with two hands with vigorous finger movement – or piano, for that matter. At least one hand was mostly unmoving.
“Correct.” Holmes said, his eyes trained on the floor. “People are dying, and there’s only two move to save, and I can’t do it, John.” He said, slamming his fist on the countertop. “I can’t, because this one is too good. If he was targeting me we’d know – I’d be dead.”
“Hey, Sherlock?” He called, snapping Holmes out of it – he turned around on his heel, his eyebrows raised in curiosity at the sudden sound of his name. He looked innocent in that moment – John forgot about anything he’d done against him. “How are your wrists healing?” He asked, since he hadn’t asked in quite a while.
Holmes sat in the cab and stewed about John, only a hint of a thought as to why he was stewing about this coming up. Something about this was bothering him more than usual, and he knew there was a reason – John was off somehow, not more than usual… but Holmes felt it more than any time previous.
“I don’t… understand. He’s acting strange, that’s why, I know that, why can’t I stop?”
“Will you get rid of it all afterwards?”
Red. Red everywhere – there was red everywhere. In a couple jars, and all over the floor. And all over Sherlock.
Holmes looked down at his arms, which were covered by his sleeves, then back up at John. “Fine, I suppose. Why? Seems sudden of you to ask.”
“Sherlock!” Lestrade called, running after him. John thanked the file keeper and said they’d be done, apologizing for Sherlock’s rudeness. The file keeper was fine though, and appreciated John’s apology.
“Whatever you say, boss.”
Molly froze, staring at him with wide eyes. “You… you want to forget about John?” She asked, a nervous laugh escaping her lips. “Why would you… doesn’t he help with the cases?”
“What were you testing?” Watson asked, trying not to sound pushy or angry because that just made Sherlock close up.
He walked into the flat and saw John had hardly moved – he was typing away and rubbing his temples, typing and rubbing.
“Have you seen John?” He asked, stepping away from his position of leaning against the countertop. “He left this morning and hasn’t been back – left his tea undone.”
with it?”
Holmes got hardly any sleep – maybe two hours. He couldn’t sleep any further when he heard John finally give in and get up just before six, heading to the shower.
What was wrong with Holmes?
while, doing who-knows-what. Watson began to worry when the Sun started setting and Sherlock hadn’t returned. He was probably ignoring every guideline Watson had created to help keep him safe from himself. Not that there were many; there were few enough so he could break them all in this amount of time.
TRIGGER WARNING: Reference to previous self harm injuries - not graphic.
“Lestrade asks me about anything he doesn’t understand, John. He never understands murder. Part of the reason I have my job as a consulting detective.”
“No, he said none seemed to be affected.”
“Something has to be wrong – you’re wrong.” He said, acting as if John was the case and not the constant murdering.
“He’s showing that he can do whatever he puts his mind to – he stole organs, and now he can affect them with acid he injects into the body days after injection. In the latest cases, weeks.”
Several hours later, when John had just realized he forgot about his tea and went to have a red-stained cup with black liquid in it. He stared at the faded red stain, hardly resembling that of blood, but it still came to his mind. He shuddered, putting the cup down.
“He’d grown up around hospitals and morgues – his mom was a nurse, and his dad was a police officer. He heard dark chatter all the time – poisoning, murder; fatal illness – it made him paranoid about dying. He heard about so much death and sickness – it traumatized him.”
“I always have my windows bolted.” John sighed, putting his hands on the table as he watched his flat mate enjoy the stress-level that was bubbling around him. “It comes with being a soldier.”
“You never compliment me – I figure you want something from me… So I thought I’d get it out of the way.” She replied, her hands flexing awkwardly at her sides as she held eye contact with Holmes.
“I said I’d clean it up. So, I did. I put it in a jar in the fridge. I knew I’d need it, John. Why do you think I made it in the first place?” Sherlock asked, looking back at Watson.
John thought about this for a moment, and then looked at Sherlock as they both paused. “Different blood types?” John asked, causing Sherlock to suddenly stand, the peas no longer in contact with his face to John’s dismay as he started bustling around the lounge, his hands in the air as he exclaimed a few times and spoke gibberish for a good two minutes.
“Twelve of ‘em.” Lestrade answered grimly, wondering what Sherlock was getting on about.
“You’re welcome.” Holmes replied after a few seconds, making John pause, nod, and continue to dig through the food and shove as much into his mouth as he could swallow.
John had been the most right, however. Nothing about this was predictable – this was a serial killer. Sherlock liked to over-complicate things in his boredom. But this man killed one way for a time, then got bored on poor number twelve because he’d been using the same old tactic this whole time and his own work seemed to bore him. So instead of using syringes to inject the acid he used a fishing spear, which he had bought brand new just for the occasion. He then poured controlled amounts of the acid into the wounds, and covered them to keep the man alive just long enough for the frontal lobe to decay – which you could almost see in the victim’s eyes. That was the joy of it. Watching them lose their mind. Suffer.
“I knew you wouldn’t like what I’m doing, so I elected to leave you behind.” Sherlock answered promptly, making Watson stop his pacing to process what he’d just heard.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Deaths – hospital deaths, relocated critical patients, causes of sudden illness – I think one of the doctors is the murderer.”
He popped by the nearest market and grabbed easy things like cereal, milk, crackers, and some sweets. He brought everything back inside, having eaten half the box of crackers on the way back. Sherlock was still busy in the kitchen, a light haze running through their flat.
Holmes, at this point, was like a broken trinket John kept out of sentiment. Or something like that. That analogy was a bit possessive. But it worked all the same – because Holmes wasn’t like a child to John like he had once been, where he wanted to care for and nurture him, and he also pissed him off endlessly and never gave any thanks. It was different now. Holmes was different. He went off and didn’t self-destruct like he used to, he isn’t buzzing about this case like he had been with Moriarty – it made no sense. This case was a boatload of everything Holmes usually enjoyed – mystery, dead-ends – and a lot of them – all these strange murders that are connected loosely by puncture points and counting rhythmically and yet the murders were committed out of sequence.
They hailed a cab, Holmes waving his arm and one pulling over immediately – they seemed to live on a busy street for cabs. They got in and pulled away quickly, almost the whole ride being silent. They were nearing the hospital when John spoke up. “Game plan?” He asked, looking out the window.
“Yes, of course, but we still have no motive. He can’t just be insane – people aren’t just insane in public and then not put into an asylum or something. He has a reason to be doing this.”
“Off what?” John asked as Sherlock bustled towards the door, throwing the peas onto the couch as he went. John glanced down at the tea he’d just made, but quickly decided to follow Sherlock.
She smiled, standing up. “I’ll see you soon, then.” She slung her bag over her shoulder, promptly walking out the door.
John turned around then, looking around the kitchen – everything was untouched. Nothing had moved. It was as if Holmes was just a pigment of his imagination – like he didn’t even exist. Nothing had changed for a whole day. That was entirely unheard of in this flat.
“Puncture points were found, but nothing was injected, correct?” Sherlock asked, his eyes wide as they continued to dart over the body.
“So, the poor man was injected against his will and had no idea until he had bad stomach pain and then died?” Watson asked, somewhat horrified by the thought of it, but at the same time intrigued. Why would someone do such a thing?
“Oh!” He yelled in the middle of Lestrade’s list of things they’d found. “Oh, oh, oh! You were right, this isn’t a naturally-caused death; this is a murder!” He hollered, sounding much too excited about it.
he make sure? With another victim? Maybe this was the test.” Watson sighed, walking into the kitchen – maybe some food magically appeared overnight.
“Yeah, no kidding.” John scoffed, leaning forward to watch him. Holmes was almost unmoving – unusual for his thinking. Usually he paced, waved his arms about, talked loudly. His voice was almost soft now, one hand holding a slice of bread idly by his chest, and the other in the pocket of his pants. “Sherlock, you alright?” John asked, standing up. “You seem… not yourself.”
“Isn’t it wonderful, the games you can play.” He said. “You can dance for a song, but when it ends…” Sherlock stopped there, and so did the murderer. “It’s your unlucky day, Sherlock.” He said. “How ironic it’s Friday the thirteenth, hm?”
“Sorry…” John said, frowning, wanting to know more. “What did you do while you were out?” He asked, picking up the newspaper to pretend to look it over. He wanted to seem relaxed – like Holmes could tell the difference in whether it was genuine relaxation anyway.
Watson gave him a good long look, and then made him hot cup of tea without a word. He handed it to him gingerly, getting a nod of thanks from Sherlock as he sipped it quietly, still thinking.
“No… that’s fine, it’s just a light.” Watson frowned, following him into the kitchen. He eyed up the tall, too-thin detective in front of him, his frown deepening. It’s just about sweltering outside for this time of year and here he is in a full suit – for show for Jordan, possibly, but not likely. After all, he wore a sheet to greet the queen. He stared at his forearms through the suit sleeves for a moment, squinting to see if there were dark spots or wetness.
“M-my experience?” She asked, frowning, not knowing what he was referring to. She assumed nothing to do with working in the morgue.
“I’ve had the tea you’ve made, which I appreciate, and Mrs. Hudson has been throwing food at me whenever you leave.” He said, glancing up from under his eyelashes.
They got into a cab and Holmes sat in silence, his hands on his thighs. John watched as neither one twitched, but it was as if, once again, the area around them buzzed with off-put energy.
♫	♫	♫
John sat on his chair, seeing there was that day’s newspaper on his armrest. He picked it up, flipping it open to take a peek. Another murder – just yesterday – he wondered about the puncture wounds, if there were seven like Holmes had predicted. He sighed, closing the newspaper promptly, getting up and going to the fridge – the rules were still stuck to the exterior like he’d hoped. And the tea he’d started yesterday was left untouched as well. It was still on the counter – tea in the kettle, tea bags in the box next to the cup he’d taken out.
John opened his mouth, looking over at Sherlock, but decided to close it again as he saw his swelled up, concentrated gaze locked outside the windshield.
ing and
“Sherlock, open the door, what are you doing in the washroom for so long?”
In fact, he slept a full six hours, something he hadn’t done consecutively in weeks.
“Most definitely.” Holmes said, staring out the window with his shirt half untucked from his dress pants, and his socks uneven on his feet. John watched him carefully, seeing his sleeves rolled up and the long, jagged scars up his arms. “I’ve been wondering why a doctor would go against his initial calling in such a way – doctors usually want to help people; nurse them back to health, save them, whatever. This one’s gone of the rails.”
“It does, trust me, just answer the question.” He said, nodding. “We have two days until the last murder, I’m just trying to get all the information I can get.”
“I’ve just gone to run a few errands.” He said, leaving Watson dumbfounded.
“How did you know so quickly?”
“I… see a murdered man, presumably with… three puncture wounds… maybe one of the older victims – who was actually injected with the stuff earlier, but has died now, in sequence again.” John shrugged, reading it over to see that there was deterioration in the bowels and, again, the frontal lobe. The liver seemed very saturated with toxins as well, as was to be expected.
He called Lestrade to ask where the friend’s house was and told the cabbie to go to that address.
“Y-yes, John, I am in here – please do not come in.” Watson heard from the other side of the door – his voice sounded soft and shaky, more emotional than Watson had ever heard it sincerely. He often faked things like emotion for cases but outside of that he was always quite monotone.
Watson sat there in silence, waiting for him to be done. But he stopped paying attention for a mere moment, having blanked out, and when he came back to Sherlock was nowhere to be seen.
Unfortunately, John was more right than he’d ever been in before that moment.
♫	♫	♫
“Right so…” John said after he got no response, “we’ve exhausted all our leads – the doctor, the acid, the patients who keep dying – maybe predicting who will come next?”
“Want to… look at another case while we wait?” John asked, finding it unusual how mopey Sherlock seemed.
“Are you suggesting that the murder on the news is unrelated to this… injection one?”
“But he has a lot of contacts – people that might know-”
And here was Holmes, sitting on the couch, one ankle resting upon his other knee, his hands fidget-free in his lap as he looked out the window. You could see him almost vibrate with the need to move and talk loudly – his lips were pressed together in a thin line and his eyes spoke a dictionary in three different languages, but none of John’s knowledge. He was like a misunderstood relic – wrongly translated – and John was a rookie trying to figure things out on his own. Which obviously takes much longer than with guidance – but where was he to get that? Mycroft? No, he’d hardly help at all, probably just make jokes and say it was just “Sherlock being Sherlock”.
“Of course.” Sherlock said as if that was a ridiculous question. John smiled a bit, standing up to get some.
♫	♫	♫
“Painfully. Lestrade called – Jordan was found in the same state of his friend this morning after having received a panicked call from him – he said he had a very upset stomach and he knew it wasn’t from something he’d eaten. He had the puncture wounds all over him as well – a much less irritated one on his stomach. Hardly noticeable if you weren’t looking for it.”
“No, the guy seemed to have died from a heart attack – injection spots all over him again but no poison administered.”
“Oh, what now?” John asked, raising his eyebrows at his ridiculously immature flat mate.
The only thing that stopped him from fretting over Watson and the song was his phone ringing beneath the couch cushion. He tore into the couch, grabbing his phone. He answered after a couple rings of just holding it in his hand, pacing once more. One hand was behind his back as he hummed into the phone, seeming uninterested.
John had closed his eyes as he listened, feeling the song reach inside him – he thought of his mom, and heard her voice, but he saw Sherlock, standing outside his door for hours playing the same melody over and over on the violin ever so quietly as not to wake him, but just to soothe.
“Lestrade called. Apparently, when you ignore his calls long enough, he resorts to calling me. I’m not taking messages, though, just to make that clear. I don’t need you getting even lazier. Anyway, he wanted us for a case.”
It becomes interesting only when someone eventually breaks those patterns. And Sherlock loves it when something finally becomes interesting.
“Never mind. But tell me, how long has he been in love with you?”
John blows on his coffee before taking his first sip and looking up.
Sherlock swallows, knowing that the too bright light from the lamp on the low bookcase next to the sofa will undoubtedly allow John to see every shift in his face.
Self-destructive behavior is often considered to be synonymous with self-harm, but this is not accurate. Self-harm is an extreme form of self-destructive behavior, but it may appear in many other guises. Self-destructive behavior is often a form of self-punishment in response to a personal failure, which may be real or perceived. It may or may not be connected with feelings of self-hatred.
“I wouldn’t do it tonight.”
“Okay.”
“What do you want me to look for?” John asks, already inspecting the body, lifting limbs and opening eyelids.
Second after second pass by.
“It was on the way,” Sherlock says nonchalantly, as if stopping by pubs to collect his flatmate is something he does on a somewhat regular basis.
“Will Tina be safe at the clinic?”
“It is,” John repeats, and then he moves his hips pointedly, questioningly, still staring into Sherlock’s eyes, “and I’m not leaving.”
John doesn’t break their eye contact, but as he surges forward to bite at Sherlock’s lips things becomes blurry and too close, and Sherlock finds himself shutting his eyes as teeth drag along his bottom lip.
At this point, John is pinching the bridge of his nose.
Wondering if Sherlock’s watching him out of the corner of his eye, or if this had been something too mundane to even grant a hint of Sherlock’s attention, John turns his face even further to the side, trying to focus on the streets passing outside the window.
He looks tired, and very much not like a man who's just about to throw himself into any kind of power play.
(Replies are coming - I just happened to write this first when my intention was to reply to the incredibly helpful comments on the last chapters, and then I got carried away. Personal sandbox and all that... And now it's almost 11 pm and I got work in the morning.)
Sherlock hears the laugh in John’s voice even when he’s got his eyes closed, and it’s too much, but the sound still manages to ease some of the strain over his lungs.
Meeting his own eyes in the mirror, Sherlock experiences the now-familiar sensation of not quite recognising his own face. It happens fairly often, like a glitch in his facial recognition that only affects his very own face. The exterior does not match the internal image he has of who he is; of who he’s chosen to be.
“Do you really think that I--”
Instead of immediately settling himself atop of Sherlock once again, John looks at him from where he’s standing, lets his gaze wander over Sherlock’s body, not settling anywhere, but sweeping over it steadily.
The shell of the cab can protect them from other vehicles to some degree -
“How do you know that he didn’t?”
On the roof of Barts, Sherlock Holmes realises, with a twist in his stomach, that for the first time ever he wholeheartedly cares whether or not he’ll live.
With that, John is off and Sherlock's fingers rake through his still cold curls, the sensation of ringlets flowing between his fingers and the steady tap of his still shoed foot against the carpet helping him gather his thoughts enough to make a decision.
“It’s none of my business, you’ve made that much clear,” comes John's voice from the other bed, slightly subdued but still awake.
“I'll see you in an hour or so, then.”
John does, however, acknowledge Sherlock. He nods at him from the kitchen table where he’s sitting with half a glass of water in front of him, dressed in muddy sportswear -
is something he’s learned to fear more than something more palpable.
So much, so strange, so
The question is what John will think of this; of Sherlock’s naked body, stripped of its exclusive and flattering clothing.
“Of course it was.”
The case has been going on for five days now, and he hasn't had as much as a wank for almost a week. No wonder whatever fantasies he has are becoming a bit more… insistent.
Sherlock minutely shakes his head, ridding it of images that doesn't belong in this room, in this context.
“So this is why you keep your hair so long. I’ve always wondered.”
“Not my possible bulimia,” Selma says, actually managing to shut Sherlock up before he's finished, which makes her grow in John’s eyes in a rather disturbing way. “Just wanted to say, in the spirit of ‘effectiveness’, that I think that the two of you should talk about the fact that you said what you said to Eva only because you want John in the very romantical meaning of the word ‘want’. Cute, but pining doesn’t suit you, just as you say that ‘deduction’ doesn’t suit me. Now, where were we? Oh, yes. The ‘shut up’ part, lovely. Yes; now I will shut up, as requested.”
Sherlock's legs still ache slightly from all the running a few minutes earlier and a drizzle of rain is making his curls stick to his forehead the way that always makes him feel like there's something crawling on his face, and so he simply nods back, watching the tall woman try to argue her way out of the arrest while Lestrade just patiently puts his hand on top of her head as she bends down to get into the car with her hands cuffed.
Answer to current item - John
“Paradoxical reactions to benzodiazepines,” Mycroft had said a few days later, glaring at John with an air of disapproval, as if this possibility was something John should have somehow taken into account before handing his brother sleeping pills.
. It’s hard to distinguish between relief and irritation, but Sherlock has developed an automatic pattern where he settles for irritation in any cases of ambiguous perception of his -
“And you think that you could just physically stop me, just like this, if I was thinking about it?”
[   ]  N = No
Unfortunately, willpower is a limited resource, and had John been here, then it wouldn't have been the new constable, with his overestimated intelligence and ‘by-the-book’ attitude, who is currently experiencing just how vile Sherlock can be when he's exhausted from restraining his mood for far too long and can't be bothered to do so anymore, but John.
“I’m not self-sabotaging. I’m merely being myself. If you find that to be self-destructive than I don’t see why you are still here.”
John moves swiftly, getting inside the room while he motions for Sherlock to shift towards the window, and it takes Sherlock a second before he realises that John means he should get it open, to see if they can escape and--
John wants to do that too sometimes. Wants that very much indeed.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter briefly, and there’s a low rumble that suddenly surrounds John’s cock. It takes two seconds before Sherlock regains enough control to stop himself from making any sound. It’s impossible, John thinks, to tell if the flush on Sherlock’s cheeks is deepening further, but something tells him that it is. His own cheeks are burning, but it’s not from shame over what he’s just said. Sherlock’s reaction had been too distracting for John to reflect on his reactions to the words.
There's an undeniable satisfaction in seeing John like this - steady, patient, ready to follow Sherlock’s commands in a way that makes work far more effective than it ever was before John. As of lately, there's been a new undercurrent beneath that familiar satisfaction, something that's more carnal than the situation might warrent. Sherlock attempts to ignore it, but it's still there, stealing a fraction of his attention away from what should be its full focus; the case.
It’s during one of the in-betweens that Sherlock meets John Watson.
The actual words are almost impossible to make out - John's voice when he's tense is a low, steady threat that doesn't travel well through doors or walls. Still, Sherlock manages to understand a little.
It would be yet one more thing that he could teach - could share - with the man who learned the geography of John by heart, learnt it like it was the only thing truly worth learning.
It was to be expected that some of the more disturbing patterns might be returning as the chemical imbalance of Sherlock’s brain reestablished itself after he’d abruptly stopped supplying the chemicals needed to balance his chronically low level of free serotonin. He’d taken it into account. Still, he finds himself wonder if the mental distress is more intense now than it used to be, or if he just perceives it as such due to the number of years since he last experienced it? Is his recollection of the pressure he felt back then - years ago - vague due to the time passed, or is the added distress of withdrawal from psychotropic drugs making the sensation more high-pitched and intrusive?
is definitely not something he’s used to.
Finally John nods slightly, getting up into standing position, and puts the plastic bags on a kitchen chair next to him.
At that time, Sherlock had already made an educated guess as to wherein his problems lay, albeit no diagnose fitted him perfectly, which was both reassuring and unsettling, because Sherlock wanted things to make sense and facts to fit.
her just so. Yes, she'd favour the chair, would love being able to look down at head moving between her spread thighs, discovering what will make her--
“So, what do you think?” Lestrade asks, leaning in beside him in order to be able to observe the body.
redirecting focus, reflecting light
“See what?” John asked, at a loss over what Selma was referring to.
(He will need to fix this.)
“Get it over with.”
The alternative - the risk of giving himself away with his reactions - is unthinkable. In not giving himself away, he still has a chance to get what he wants -
John is seemingly lost in whatever he's doing on his phone (most likely reading blog comments or Facebook updates, then), and so Sherlock allows himself to do a bit of research.
The self-medication in this fic has been hinted at before, both in present and past time (Sherlock's uni days). It's manily been mentioned as a way for Sherlock to 'be less himself' in front of Samuel and Samuel's friends, and to ease his way in social situations.
“Alright. Anyway,” John says, and Sherlock feels his own body loose a bit of interest in the proceedings, because thinking about the things John has brought up isn’t really conducive to arousal of the more sexual sort. “It’s not on.”
“Good morning.”
Until then, Sherlock will allow the almost-quiet inside his head to remain undisturbed.
And for other things internalised, I might add.
(and for these two, it’s taking risks to prove they’re clever)
(It does, however, hit him. Because he is low, almost in line with the floor, so his brother’s aim wasn’t that off.)
He wasn't ashamed over what he was doing, because what he was doing made sense, chemically speaking. At the age where he first discovered the possibility of a more deliberate form of self-inflicted pain, Sherlock already had a basic understanding of pain-response and the psychological effects of endorphins, which made it easier, made it less a desperate act and more a planned strategy, or so he liked to think.
Based on the follwing item of
Steepling his fingers beneath his chin, Sherlock sits in his chair, waiting for John to return, trying to formulate a battle plan - before he realises that this isn’t a war.
(See the end of the chapter for
As Sherlock tapped out his response, it had felt like John could read the entire conversation on his face from where he sat next to Sherlock in the cab.
Sherlock hates the in-betweens, but he’s been reliably and repeatedly informed that life can’t always be exciting and interesting just because he wants it to be. Unfortunately, this information does not make it any easier to cope when everything goes grey.
“If we're talking about a first-time occurrence," he elaborates. “An attempted murder. A war. How predictable would you say that the reaction would be on an individual level?”
“Of course not, that only served as confirmation of what I had already deduced.”
“Oh, there’s suffering involved, let me tell you that,” John finally says, somewhat darkly. “At least on my part, there’s some pretty unmistakable suffering being caused by this particular chemical imbalance.”
Sherlock is distracted by the way light catches John’s hands, creating shadows between knuckles and tendons as he grabs the box of Weetabix and opens the plastic wrapping of one tube. It shouldn’t be distracting.
John can’t make out who's asking. The noise level increases as a group of intoxicated students pass by their table at the pub and make most attempts at conversation impossible for a minute. John is sitting at the end side of the long table they’ve put together from three smaller ones in order to make room for all the twelve participants of the after work gathering. He is searching the faces of those sitting closest to him, trying to see from whom the question had originated and finally lock eyes with Eva, who is the most experienced of the nurses with her 20 years on the job. She smiles at him and looks like she expects some sort of answer. He holds up his hand in a gesture that hopefully communicates that he’ll answer as soon as the loud crowd has passed. When two students bump into his chair and the rest of them have more or less successfully made their way towards the exit, John speaks.
Still, the thought of his substitute teacher with all his academic ambitions, terrible puns and secret syndicalist sympathies engaging in any of the kinds of behaviour that Sherlock had come to associate with gay men was simultaneously completely absurd and weirdly… compelling to imagine.
Sherlock doesn’t know - can’t know - exactly what John thinks he’s figured out about Sherlock and Sherlock's possible inclinations, and he can’t know how that assumption will affect the dynamics between them.
Author's comment:
“And when you say ‘delusions’, exactly what, ehm, are we talking about?”
Not that anyone save John would actually have to know. If Sherlock keeps things up, John might not even notice.
Seven steps, turn, seven more steps. Three steps. Seven steps.
Pair-bonding hormone.
Coming to one’s senses fucking hurts.
Then, after having taken one last look in the mirror and adjusted a few stray curls, Sherlock picks up his toothbrush and starts looking for the toothpaste.
bodies with relatively normal breathing rate, nothing is said.
John’s tracing Sherlock’s every cervical vertebrae with his breath-lips-
Nasal spray, pencils, out-dated library cards, condoms, a broken mp3-player, two pairs of tangled headphones, tissues, lubricant, a few business cards, ear buds, an old identification card from a former job and numerous receipts and coins.
It takes four minutes of restraining himself from moving, squirming or even breathing too fast - not to mention keeping himself from pushing John away so he will finally have room to breathe - but John finally falls back into sleep.
(He's thirty-two years old, and this is how little it takes to make him--)
And it hits him just then, that perhaps they are both suffering from the same thing -
(Sherlock thinks he can hear him, rummaging about upstairs, but right now he’s not entirely sure that it’s not just his mind predicting the sounds rather than actually hearing them.)
The rapid breathing, the lactic acid in their legs and the adrenaline surging in their blood. It's addictive, and they've been without it for far too long.
And that’s what Sherlock’s missed.
The sensations and the novel chemical reactions he'd experienced after his encounter with John had failed to present themselves after his solo session, which was only to be expected. There hadn’t been any impulse to seek out the pressure of another body against his, no sense of needing…  assurance that it was all…
Letting out a breath, John asks himself where he wants this to lead. The answer, it seems, is simple, and so are the actions needed to achieve what he wants.
A few minutes is all it takes. A purchase, then the arranging of the substance before carefully inhaling it. The relief is nearly instant. A few minutes in a gritty bathroom, and suddenly the party surrounding him doesn’t make him want to cover his ears or claw his skin off or simply tell them all how completely and utterly pointless it really is. A few minutes and a dose of absurdly overpriced cocaine make things bearable the way nothing else has ever managed to do.
(He's surprised even himself. Rare.)
be enough to make sure that the end result won't be the same in both cases. At least that’s what Sherlock thought a week ago. As he walks into a morgue with the man he’s in love with and the young, invasive, bulimic-in-denial woman that said man works with, Sherlock is no longer sure. Perhaps this will be the point where history will prove to repeat itself. He can only hope not to cause too much damage to John in the process, and that he himself won’t end up being… taken care of.
John’ll just have to keep searching for another reference, another framework that better fits the strange, abstract and all-absorbing mess that the two of them make.
In fact, he cares about nothing now, seeing as it’s all going to derail no matter if he cares about it or not. Caring about it would only make things worse. So no; Sherlock still doesn’t care about how people perceive him.
He’s ready.
Autism spectrum disorder criteria in this chapter:
“What’s our next move, then? For the case, I mean.”
Ridding himself of the T-shirt, Sherlock lies down on the unmade bed, his fingers returning to his chest, and this is both a practicality and an indulgence he's never seen the point of refusing himself. Compared to eating and sleeping, it's relatively time-efficient as far as physical indulgences go. And given that it's fully possible to maintain a life without this particular pleasure, it feels more like a choice than eating ever did.
It’s during the end of his second semester at uni that his previously adopted standpoint in the matter proves to be so inadequate as to force him to address the possibility of other explanations for his troubles with living.
There's an urge to hide his face in his hands and rub up and down over it until this conversation is over, but John fights it back.
(Keeping it dry, unchanged.)
As always; my biggest and warmest thanks to my skilled beta, iriswallpaper, who helped me with the questions of 'insecurities' and who's patient with all my impulsive posting before giving her the chance to beta it first.
Mycroft had, Sherlock always found himself with
When it comes to his other hypothesis, the one he initially set out to test with this little session, he finds that the results are not quite comparable to the data he has from his encounter with John. Having one's hair pulled while in close physical proximity to another person, being watched, being… degraded, is quite another thing than applying various clamps to different sensitive areas of one's skin, after all.
“You said I led you on.”
“You’re saying that you took over twenty pills during the course of what-- 3 days?”
Sherlock nods. John is oddly purple and the color is radiating heat. It shouldn't. Not after--
“That bad?”
(See the end of the chapter for
, but coming dangerously close.)
Then John slowly shakes his head, turning to walk towards the stairs and his own room without another look at Sherlock.
“I did not!” Sherlock protests, but there’s something vaguely familiar to the words, so John is most likely right. It sounds like something he’d say when he wanted John to just shut up about other people’s feelings. “A vast amount of my work is based on others being predictable in their… human nature. Knowing about it and bothering with it is hardly the same thing.”
(Not unwanted.)
“People assume far too much.”
But now - tingling of another sort.
With a plan.
“You got all that from Joseph refusing to answer one question?” John asks, his food now forgotten on his plate.
A curious pattern;
“There are no studies on the long-term effects of antidepressants on cognitive functions. I also find that it… slows my mind down.”
John regards himself as someone who is in great control of his impulses except when in danger. This is was rather interesting to write, since John is perhaps the most impulsive of him and Sherlock, if ‘regret’ is any guideline to whether a behaviour should be seen as ‘lack of impulse control’ or ‘deliberately ignoring consequences’. Both of them act on impulses that causes cognitive dissonance in regard to their self-image, but other than with display of emotions, Sherlock seldom seem to regret his impulses the way John does. Sherlock is probably so used to watching himself for any tendency towards impulsivity in ‘dangerous areas’ (in his case probably emotions, addictions and vulnerability) that he’s rather in ‘over control’ than in ‘under control’. Many of the behaviours commonly seen as ‘impulsive’ in canon (shooting walls, insulting people, jumping with glee over a murder case) are probably just spontaneous behaviours that he allows himself and regards as safe.
(Being and feeling are two entirely separate things.)
“Hey, you can’t drag Watson away now, he’s just getting started on his beer,” Phil says. “Have a beer yourself!”
seconds of silence.
"So. Let's never..."
. The man’s tucked in between buckets and a vacuum cleaner -
Sherlock was compulsive about finishing what he’d begun when it came to cases (not necessarily ‘finishing’ the case in the way Lestrade wanted him to - doing the paperwork - but finding the solution), something that John had begun to view as a problem, as doing uninteresting cases actually seemed to inflict Sherlock physical pain. And while John had found almost every case they had in the beginning to be interesting - which in retrospect probably had more to do with feeling alive again whilst watching Sherlock dap around the crime scene than it had to do with the cases themselves - he too had begun to tire of the cases that didn’t involve any action or fascinating puzzle. It simply didn’t offer the same rush anymore.
"As I was conveniently incapacitated at the time I am unable to say, but possibly because I was not his jailer, and he thought me already dead." That was believable. He
“Of course you do,” Holmes replied, and it was such a very
It was a long way up, but the firemen held the ladder secure at the bottom and Holmes made the journey to the top without incident. The roof on that part of the building was slippery, but he had enough purchase to make his way across to the second ladder. There things got a bit tricky, for the roof itself was slick and steeply sloped. He climbed carefully, reached the last rung of the ladder and there could go no further, the body still beyond his reach. It lay at the very top of the roof, twisted along the ridge and facing away from him. He could see only the faded brown waistcoat of the man's torso.
"Not by a causal glance. Human blood masks the scent of vampiric blood; I could taste a thrall but not smell them. Passing one on the street, I would have to make mental contact in order to know what they were." Had he ever fed from Newman or tried to read his mind, he would have known instantly what the man was. He regretted not doing so before; it might have saved them all a good deal of trouble.
Conclusion: It was Watson, or it was a creature of similar strength and wall scaling ability, which left no prints and no scent, and who took a keen interest in his affairs.
Holmes tried to shake his head and managed a fraction of an inch. Talking proved quite impossible.
Trigger warnings: none
Holmes was having an infuriatingly hard time keeping the man on point. "What did you do then? Did you confront the doctor?"
Impossibly, Jackson's smile grew wider, white fangs glinting at the edges of his pale lips. "Come in," he said, moving aside and holding open the door.
"No!" Holmes shouted, because an end to the truce meant they would kill Watson. At the very least they would
yet."
It was well after dark when he knocked on the door of an inconspicuous house on a quiet street near Canvendish Square that doubled as an after-hours clinic and surgery. After a long stretch of silence the door opened, and the doctor smiled at him very wide.
Happily, there was a large amount of information to be found on vampires. Less inspiringly, most of it appeared to be complete rubbish. Many of the older legends clashed badly with what his own experience had shown him. Crosses, garlic, running water- all things that reportedly would either repel or delay a vampire and all of which Holmes knew to be malarkey - if Watson was indeed a "vampire".
"I thought not," he replied mildly, and vanished up the steps.
"How do you expect to get up there?"
After a few engrossing moments he pulled away with a gentle sigh and leaned his head against Watson's shoulder, having judged it eminently suitable for leaning upon.  "I must to the Diogenes club in the morning to speak with Mycroft, and to parliament - there is an extensive record book recording the various crests of European houses kept there. It is far greater than my own catalog; I may find our mysterious friend's mark therein."
“No indeed. Most likely he discovered you after he had left their employment, and was thus under no obligation to do so. He probably wondered how you had managed to escape detection, and upon discovering you did not kill, decided to return the favor.”
“You must bring it out in me,” Holmes replied glibly, undeterred as clever fingers snaked their way around his back for a surprise attack. Watson parried, grabbing ahold of his wrists.
“What name are you using?” Mycroft demanded.
"Sherlock," he said, that deep baritone voice like an iron gauntlet thrown to the ground between them.
“There must be something to occupy...perhaps you can discover where he is hiding-”
A lamp with the shade half drawn sat on the floor near the entrance to the secret room, it's light throwing up monstrous shadows upon the walls. The stone door had been pulled open, and Newman stood just within, stoop-shouldered and half bent beneath the low ceiling.
His breath stuttered, shock pouring through him like he'd been thrown in an ice bath. The good doctor had indeed failed to mention this critical information, and Holmes bit back a curse, casting silent aspersions against Watson's family tree all the way back to the founders. He was less successful at keeping the surprise from his face; not with so much of his concentration already allocated to fighting off pain and nausea.
Holmes cocked an eyebrow, for that was no answer at all. "Forgive me, Mister-" he let the sentence hang, waiting.
They tarried until the very last moment, until dawn was a pale sliver of grey over the horizon and Watson’s eyes grew heavy with impending sleep.
She looked up at him sharply, but there was no hostility in his face. After a moment she relaxed, and opened her heart to him. "He caught me outside alone only a few days ago. It was not quite dark, and I had stepped out to collect the wash. He asked why I'd left. I told him that James thought he was trying to seduce me. I understand it to be a rumor that has been circulating about the church, and I- I did not want him to know what I suspected, what James claimed to have seen. He left after that."
"Had a bad night," Holmes said, struggling to his feet by balancing against the wall. “Spent the money the reverend gave me on drink.” He looked away in guilt, tattered sleeve rubbing at his eyes. “And when it were all gone I still wanted more, so...” his shoulders hitched around a sob and he reached into the faded saddle bag slung over his shoulder, pulling out the pilfered items.
Mycroft ignored that, laying into him instead. “Coming here, thralled!? Have you lost your mind!? Wait- yes you have,
“There is an unused garret room above my own quarters; it once belonged to Stamford. We can close the shutters and plank the window to be safe; no one looking up would think anything suspicious. Without the light from the window it will be wholly dark. You will then be able to come and go as you please. But Nanny will know of you, thus unless your mental powers are strong enough to plant in her mind the command that she not mention you to anyone, you will not be safe."
Watson looked inexplicably relieved, shoulders sloping in a slowly collapsing line as he relaxed. “I feared you would not believe me.”
“Not certain, no, but there is very good reason to believe it is, and no reason at all to believe it is anyone else.” He and Mycroft had been working through the day to discover what they could; any land deeds or properties listed under that name that might be possible places of interest. Holmes was still convinced Moriarty’s lair – the current one, at least – was to be found north of London, thus that was where their efforts were for the moment concentrated. But thus far they had uncovered very little, even with Mycroft bringing to bear his not inconsiderable governmental influence.
Holmes didn’t answer, simply rode the waves of nausea as the room spun and swooped around him like a carnival ride, analyzing and breaking down the various sensations as data. It was extraordinarily easy to ignore the vicar.
"Keep your voice
The elder Holmes was looking at him in faint disappointment. “Think, Sherlock. Use those besotted wits our ancestors gave you and look at the thing logically.”
"He was protecting me from that fiend!" she hissed. "I'm glad he's dead, it's the only good thing to come from all of this!"
Behind him Holmes' voice was lazy with exhaustion. "That was a most...singular experience. I can see why Montressor's wife was eager to return."
Watson accepted the truth of those words without agreeing to the sentiment behind them. “And Montressor was only trying to protect his wife. It doesn’t make it
But for all of that, he would feel a certain amount of relief at the end of it. He didn’t like that Holmes’ mind was not his own; that he was so completely dependent upon Watson to guide him. And yet, Watson couldn’t help feeling a similar loss of self, for he certainly held Holmes’ desires and wishes above his own.
"Over a month ago," Montressor said, pacing his sitting room, wringing his hands. "Two months...who can say? I have waited, kept my Lucy under watch this whole time, not allowed her out at night - you must do these things! To stop them from changing!"
On the contrary, he never wanted him to stop.
them, Sherlock.”
Bluntly stated he was exhausted, and that in turn impaired his faculties.
Watson fidgeted like a schoolboy. “Nothing, I-I simply...I don’t really do this sort of thing, beyond the necessity of feeding.”
“Your ‘client’ was nearly the death of you. Of course I am taking an interest. Someone ought to.”
"I do not know of any other such creatures," Watson replied with a shake of his head. "I have heard of some; werewolves, spirits, fae... but as far as I know, no evidence speaks of their existence, which I suppose lends more credence towards your theory of this affliction being a scientific phenomenon.”
"I ain't scared," she scoffed. "Ma says he was mad as bedlam anyway."
“Shhh,” Watson said, his free hand clenched in a fist against the wall. “Please, you have to stop thinking so loudly. I can- barely control myself as it is.”
“Well, their rector was insane, and like attracts like after all. As to that point, he may have had something to do with Jackson’s death as well.”
Watson reared back like a startled hind, unprepared for the biting acerbity of the words, but he at least possessed the good sense to look properly abashed. “Whatever knowledge I have is yours,” he vowed. “I promise you I do not know a great deal, but if I can answer a question, I will.”
“I know your mind, Sherlock, and your heart. And I know too the self-destructive tendencies to which you are bent. This last half year a shadow has fallen over you. Understandable, but worrisome none the less.  It will not surprise
“Have you learned anything?” he asked, trying to school his mind away from the depthless amber of Holmes’ eyes, the rasp of stubble across his cheeks. The tantalizing pulse of blood that pumped beneath the pale skin of his neck...
He had not slept well.
Holmes did, pulling away from the immediate problem to consider parliament, the library, and England as a whole...
They stood there for a few minutes, and then Holmes spoke. "Take your wife, and guide her down the street and back. You needn't go far. It is fear binding you to your home, not magic."
"No - she must rest, she must not be exposed to the night air! She will be drawn to him!" he said frantically, swaying towards madness once more.
"I'm not entirely sure that makes sense," Watson replied, and a moment later they were leaping up and out, Watson springing to the rooftop nimble as a dancer. He paused a moment, letting Holmes orient himself and then they were off, a dark blur against the London skyline as they raced across the city towards Pall Mall.
"If he is not a real priest, what is he doing posing as a man of the cloth?" Watson wondered aloud.
"It is hardly about what I
“He is a very private man," Sturgerson agreed. "But it’s clear enough
ignore yours."
Jealousy that Stamford - his dear friend, the man he trusted with his greatest secret - had not seen fit to share with Watson the true nature of his relationship with Holmes, nor even given him reason to suspect they were more than friendly colleagues. That he could have trusted Watson was beyond doubt; it was not as though Watson
The morning was crisp, the sky a fierce and relentless shade of blue. All around him was the clatter of carriages and omnibuses, the chatter of people, the thrum and pulse of a living city rumbling beneath his feet. Holmes didn’t care about any of it, his focus narrowed to a rapier’s point. There was the case, and the details thereof. There was a murderer  to catch, and wrongs to right, and nothing else.
“What sort of things?” Holmes asked, intrigued despite himself.
"Shh..." he said, cupping Holmes' face and silencing him with a desperate kiss. "No! Don't – don't call me that...never that. I am not your Master. I am- I'm your
“I think Newman was a thrall,” he said suddenly, pulling Watson away from his introspection.
Holmes managed a pained chuckle. "If you can find your answers in my silence, there's no need to ask the questions. Might as well kill me now, save us both some trouble."
He nodded. “That’s it exactly, judging by the clothes. There- wasn't much else left. They’d been buried unwrapped; worms had got at ‘em.” He swallowed, took off his hat and threaded the brim through his fingers. “Anyway, made a thorough search of the house and found that room down in the cellar, blood still on the floor...” he looked up at Holmes as his voice trailed off. “Seems the vicar and his friend were engaged in some very unchristian-like behavior.” The staid understatement made Holmes snort in soft laughter as Lestrade continued.  “Obvious enough what he was doin’. What’s not understood is
Montressor hung his head, face flushing with shame. "No I - I ran. I hid...but I went back for her! God as my witness, Mister Holmes, I went back for her!"
They spent the whole of the night together, though it was less passionate than Holmes might have hoped. Watson refused to indulge him as much as he desired, blaming his amorous feelings on the thrall, despite Holmes presenting the very logical argument that if such feelings were dictated by thralling, he would not have them if Watson did not want him to.
This story is too damn long.
“And you have a better idea, I suppose?” Watson challenged, thoroughly exasperated but of course that was a statement born at the very height of stupidity. Were he not so very rattled, he would have known better than to issue such a challenge.
Holmes smiled thinly up at the vicar. “I believe you have the advantage,” he said, raising his hands very carefully because his life had been threatened often enough to know whether someone was bluffing or not. Deighton wasn’t, and while he was an older fellow and no match for Holmes physically, when a man had a gun in his hand he only needed enough strength to pull the trigger.
Watson. What has happened?"
“Nothing conclusive,” he replied, and knew now where the conversation was headed, the point Mycroft was driving at, and the disbelief began slowly to turn to something like anger. Like hurt. “But the doctor certainly possesses such abilities, thus their reality is beyond question.”
"I should also like to view where he slept. How long had he worked here?"
His eyes wandered to an oft-handled tome with the title written in Latin. He took it down and it separated in his hands, age and wear having rendered the spine soft and useless. Within were a number of cramped notations, bits of paper covered all over in Kramer’s spidering handwriting and a calling card printed on starch white paper, newer than the others.
“Of course,” he replied magnanimously. Then, “I shall need to speak with him.”
“You killed a man this morning; does his death weigh heavily on
The headline was predictably sensational. An artist's interpretation of a burning house filled a whole quarter of the page and the accompanying article detailed the gruesome murder of the well-respected local physician, Doctor Jackson. The confessed murderer, James Montressor, was a confirmed lunatic whose obvious madness was not likely to spare him the rope. Among other things, it was speculated that "dangerous excursions into the occult" were to blame for the man's unhinged mind.
"I don't want to feel any less for you," Watson replied earnestly enough that Holmes wanted to kiss him for it.
beat,” Holmes commented, “though too slowly to sustain a human; certainly not quick enough to facilitate the movement of blood through your limbs. Does piercing your heart cause true death?"
It was a rather ordinary sort of gentleman’s club. Not the highest class and certainly not the lowest. A solid, respectable sort of place filled with solid, respectable men of the working class who lost their money to one another at well-used snooker tables amid the familiar scents of cigar smoke and brandy.
The sound of John’s fork against the ceramic of the plate makes Sherlock cringe, and Sherlock gets up from the sofa, using the movement to conceal his expression and the tapping of his hand against his leg.
Unable to answer, Sherlock finds that his vision narrows into one single point on the wall a few feet away. The intricate floral pattern of Mrs. Hudson’s wallpaper blurs in the outlines and the black and the white are no longer contrasting; they’re blending into a hideous mess of grey with spots of white and black.
. “Why go through all those tedious stages when you could just pay the other participants and force them to fold? I’m not a puppy you need to entertain, Mycroft. And if I were, you’d still be doing a lousy job. Embassies? Really, it’s almost like you don’t know me.”
A tell. They both have their ways of smoothing over the gravel their minds constantly encounter. Mycroft’s perfectionism was never really perfectionism, but compulsions sound a lot less pathological if you use words like ‘
After five minutes they arrive at the crime scene; a coffee shop that has recently gone out of business. There’s a man lying dead in the broom closet -
There are more words, but they’re spoken in such a way as to make them indistinguishable. Sherlock backs away, hiding himself further along the hallway before Mycroft opens the door to go down the stairs.
. I’m
Alternatively, in some cases it could be explained by a person having learned dysfunctional patterns earlier in life. Separation from parents and attachment disorders have been linked with self-destructive behavior, and with failure to engage in self-care behavior.
It’s lips angling to better meet his, severe tachycardia, hesitance.
Positioned like this, Sherlock's line of sight is parallel with the tabletop, and so he can't see John, he can only see his recently abandoned notepad and the stacks of papers littering the surface. Against his cheek, Sherlock can feel a few sharp needle pricks that must come from some forgotten crumbles that are now stuck between his skin and the wood.
(Mycroft thinks - expects - that Sherlock will return to John, despite of what he now knows. Like it didn’t matter that it’s all just a chemical delusion.)
John’s bad leg is trembling a bit too. Sherlock’s left hand and John’s right leg. Trembling almost in tandem. The notion eases some of the pressure behind Sherlock’s sternum, a pressure he hadn’t even noticed until that moment. John is talking again and Sherlock struggles to pay attention to the words instead of estimating if their tremors are in tandem or in sync. John doesn’t seem to notice that for a few seconds Sherlock is only hearing syllables and pauses instead of coherent words.
John’s face is almost pained, frowning with all the wrinkles prominent from the tension. He’s thrusting into Sherlock’s hand again, and Sherlock keeps stroking, unsure of when to stop. Perhaps he won’t stop at all. He could hold on, if his arm wasn’t cramping a bit by now. And John’s body’s as tense as his face, the hand still holding a fistful of curls is now almost painful again, and the finger inside Sherlock is pushing further, meeting resistance, but pressing on. It’s a bit painful, that too, but it’s not important, because it’s in him, it’s insisting and that is all Sherlock wants; the almost-pain and the lack of control, the submission to someone else’s need and body. And when John pants heavy and no more come is running down Sherlock’s hand John’s hand leave his hair and finds Sherlock’s cock.
“John!” Phil calls from his side of the table. “Don’t leave early on your very first after work!”
, he texts John the next day, and John shows up an hour later.
As John’s mouth withdraws from Sherlock’s now raw skin, the remaining pain is interpreted as warmth, and when warm fingers trail the path left by John’s teeth, the sensation registers as pain.
Normally, John would ask Sherlock why he couldn’t just get the laptop himself - even if it’s more of a token protest than an actual question. Today, he doesn’t.
Sorry for the delay of this particular silver bird. Now; ready for take-off.
Emotional and physical proximity did not seem to correlate, despite the popular, romantic notion that it does.
“I have doubts,” Sherlock says, forcing the words out before he has time to regret them.
Pressure.
“Ah, yes,” John says, thoughtful as he examines the frayed edge of paper. Then, turning to Greg: “Were there any knives missing at the previous crime scenes?”
[ ] N = No
The words come out cold, distanced. It seems the only way to answer such question whilst in this almost claustrophobic room, where the muggy air feels like it’s vibrating with questions that shouldn’t have been asked and answers that will not make any of this easier form either of them.
“I don't really need you to talk right now.”
In the imaginary ones, it's relatively easy to let go of doubts, embarrassment and to give up control.
“Well, bit different from my day,” Sherlock hears a pragmatic voice say before he turns around to see Mike Stamford with a military man holding a cane and taking in the new lab equipment. Sherlock has just managed to find the final bit of evidence needed to arrest a suspect, given that said suspect owns a green ladder that matches the color fragments he’s just identified.
“Do you really imagine I would have popped those pills every single day for a decade and a half if I didn’t think they were the only thing allowing me to function at all? You seem to think I’ve somehow repressed  the memory of what it’s like to be a nut-case who can’t even trust his mind or senses. I assure you, I recall with perfect clarity what it was like, and right now, I am nowhere close to that condition. If I had even an inkling that I was heading there again, I would be guzzling the pills right now. As it is, I am simply trying some other ways of managing the… consequences of my neurochemical imbalance.”
Sherlock steals John an ashtray, and if there was ever a second of doubt about whether John would be uncomfortable with recieving a (stolen) gift from his (gay) friend, that doubt all melts away as John laughs until Sherlock can’t stop himself from joining in.
John looks at him, but nothing in his features seems to indicate that he’s aware that Sherlock is disgustingly human -
It'd make his libido return to the state it’s been in for the past two decades.
Warning; this chapter has no explicit consent, and even if they're both willing participants, neither of them attempts to get any verbal consent. I've also been told that this reads less than consensual because of the nature of both of their reactions and thoughts. See end notes for my own rationale behind this.
It’s not a particularly pleasant encounter, what with the withdrawal surging through his body and his mind feeling like it’s crawling with ants - fire ants - and what with being back in rehab, ambivalent but basically out of other options for the time being.
“No, whatever that would be, I think it would be better done without this kind of blood-alcohol level,” he said and waved at a waitress who was passing by a few tables further down the pub.
A sudden recollection of a conversation held decades earlier, of words that he hasn’t thought about for years:
There are currently no dragons waiting outside the living room, and Sherlock has closed the windows.
John is looking… relieved? Engaged? Comprehending?
“Are you saying that if I hadn't… if I hadn't reacted in a good way to your hints at being… inclined to certain things, then you wouldn't have bothered to tell me about them?”
John doesn’t answer, just looks at Sherlock the way he often does when he thinks that asking further questions is more likely to produce frustrated shouting than an explanation, and therefore settles for waiting for Sherlock to walk him through it in his own time.
- Mrs Hudson, and Sherlock is seated on the sofa, his palms pressed together, the pressure a source of calm.
Actions will.
“That this place is so dull that not even a dead body could make it interesting,” Sherlock says, now turning to Victor, his smile refusing to leave his mouth.
John is never consciously cruel about Sherlock's oddities, but there are things that will inevitably hurt even more than cruelty. John might, for example, decide that babble about auras is enough to tip the scale from ‘amazing’ to ‘borderline psychotic’.
- he hadn’t suddenly been outed as mentally unstable -
An acknowledgement.
• ‘obsessional slowness’ (i.e., loss of time due to obsessional ‘loops’)
“I’ve been ignoring you.”
a mental disorder in my case. It's been suggested that it might be a neurological disorder with psychiatric manifestations, the result of an autoimmune reaction after an infection. PANDAS. In that case, it could be… curable.”
There’s a lot he doesn’t know about Sherlock in this regard. A lot they don’t know about each other, and that’s why it really should--
As the renewed pain from his - left - nipple causes more and more endorphins to accumulate in his blood, Sherlock feels the shift that comes when his body is taking over, the ritual and physical stimulation slowly starting to compete with his mind for his attention.
The sudden muscle tension in his torso doesn’t hurt.
“Tell me.”
(Taking.)
,” Sherlock clarifies, voice finally firm again.
As John turns towards him, holding the door open, Sherlock’s gaze is unrelenting, catching John’s and holding it until John releases a harsh breath.
“If it doesn’t matter to you, that is,” John he.
“You’re throwing your life away,” Mycroft once coldly stated when he had happened upon Sherlock unusually high and entering his third day of sleeplessness.
“You never told us!” Eva says, looking intrigued at the thought of crime solving.
He pushes in inch by inch, feeling the tightness of the sphincters making it almost impossible to push further. Sherlock must have done this before, as Sherlock claims to have had sex before and the Sherlock John knows would try everything at least once, in the name of science or experience. They are somewhat similar in that regard, really. But even if Sherlock’s done this before it must have been a while and it feels almost like doing this to someone the very first time (which is another of those things that shouldn’t be a turn on but is, at least when coupled by the notion that this is
. Standing at the end of the table in the middle of the crowded pub is Sherlock, looking determined as John’s eyes meet his. John has to take a second to adjust to the image of his very own… friend? Flatmate?
She’s right -
eyes hazed and quivering. John wants to fuck that mouth and bruise that skin. Possibly break it. He could use him. Sherlock would let him.
“I know!” Selma exclaims, now leaning in to join the conversation that has finally settled around something she has an interest in; their work. “I really want to learn how to do that, and not the usual way, no; John’s military way is the way. That’s how I wanna stitch. The A&E has more than enough for all of us to stitch, don't you think?”
Molly stared at him, shock set into her expression. Holmes questioned it, and she quickly dismissed it saying she was just thinking. She wasn’t just thinking. Her suspicions had been confirmed.
TRIGGER WARNING: Scenes with minor detail of self harm in the italic section.
“So he wasn’t even a doctor.” Sherlock shook his head. “I was wrong.”
“The case? What does the case have to do with it?” Holmes asked, now stooping to see her face as she stared at the floor.
“Yes – I thought he’d finally gotten a stomach bug – but he seemed much too calm. He knew he wasn’t sick, he knew something was up – but I didn’t pick up on that. I thought maybe he was just having a bad time and didn’t want to come see me, but…”
“Sherlock,” She says slowly, taking a deep breath, making Holmes roll his eyes at the extremity of her speech speed. “How are you and John?”
“Wait – we’re just under half way then.”
John rolled his eyes, almost missing the sarcasm that usually oozed from his statements. “Look, you’re acting strange, Sherlock. You’re hardly chattering, your hands are still all the time now, you’re being nice to me – tell me what’s wrong.” John said, uncrossing his arms to have his hands on either side of his hips, clenching and unclenching as he didn’t know what to do with himself.
“But people are dying, Sherlock.” John said, making Holmes pause.
Was the first victim an experiment, as it seemed? Or just a clumsy murder? Or a purposeful cue – had there been murders previous he did not know about because there were no signs of artificially-caused death? He ruled that out for now to keep things simple. He wondered how such a person could come up with something so exact – reverse counting, logged with injection sites, purposefully left for him to find – and over what time period? A month? A year?
“But this time I could’ve potentially hurt someone else – I thought that would be more important to you.” Sherlock said, fumbling around the kitchen to get cups, saucers, teabags, and biscuits.
“What was it exactly that made you so upset again?” He asked, making Watson drop the newspaper he was holding, his hands going up like he was surrendering, but his face baffled. He was referring indirectly to why Watson had created so many guidelines and stuck them to the fridge.
“Sherlock Holmes, you were meant not to do this kind of thing!” Watson yelled, his face contorting in temporary anger.
“You’re being a right tit right now, Sherlock.” John said, his tea over steeping now as he had accidentally got teabags for a whole pot rather than singular cups. “Nothing. Is. Wrong.”
“Are you high?” John asked bluntly, earning himself a look from Holmes of offense.
Holmes didn’t understand why Molly said this would help – now he was just confused as to why John was so angry at him, and yet he was angry because he cared. That made no sense – he made no sense.
“Sherlock, you just about died!” Watson, yelled, earning him an eye roll from Holmes. “You can’t just… do that! For God’s sake!” He was red in the face by then, his face contorted in completely rational anger.
“Yes, why would I lie about this?” She asked, seeming exasperated. “I told him to try to be patient with you, because, I don’t know, I… I thought it might help, as I know how he can be…” She said sheepishly.
“It’ll be Friday the Thirteenth.”
“Who knows?” Watson countered loudly, glaring at him now. “Tell me what you’re doing.” John adjusted his arms slightly, his eyes locked firmly on Holmes.
“Sherlock, you alright?” Watson asked, glancing at his arms, since the last time he talked himself in circles like this was during his incident.
Watson sat down in his usual chair, wondering why Sherlock elected to sit down rather than rush out the door to meet up with the man’s friend. He quickly realized, however, that Sherlock was still thinking. His eyes were flicking back and forth through his silence, his mind clearly processing and throwing images in front of his eyes.
Holmes talked to himself the whole cab ride back to 221B, wondering why he didn’t ask about the bodies again while he was there and how knowing what was wrong would help. I guess the prospect of knowing in itself would soothe his raging thoughts.
“Why’s the air hazy?” Watson asked, coughing lightly as he put the groceries away quickly to escape the danger zone that was their kitchen. And most of their flat.
Murders – he needed to concentrate on those. Another one, seven puncture wounds, the half-way point with twelve days remaining. What was he to do? He knew it was the acid, to the stomach. Molly had revealed that much in her report. But this was getting ridiculous – he knew it must be a doctor. That also explained his hunch about the wisdom teeth for the first victim. But what would this doctor have against all these people? Patients, even. It made no sense. There had to be a motive – no one kills for kicks. No one.
“I dunno, wanted to hear it more clearly I suppose.” Watson shrugged, setting down his tea to look at Sherlock. “Why do you ask? Is something about it troubling you?”
“I’m already at the flat.” Sherlock replied, “I’m with the man’s friend at our flat. I went to get him and bring him back here. I thought you’d be here when I got back.”
“Yes. And who are you?” Sherlock called back, the sound of rain hardly subdued by the thin, cracking walls – instead of a pounding rain it was more of a shadow of a storm; right there, but still very present.
They pulled up, got out, and headed inside. “Ready?” Holmes asked, making John raise an eyebrow.
“Sherlock?” He called out. The silence followed by footsteps confirmed his suspicions.
And upon Holmes’s return, Watson enforced these rules strictly and without restraint. He was angry, and he was letting it rule him.
Sherlock was discharged within the week after begrudgingly agreeing to eat properly and drink water when it was requested of him. He immediately requested tea and played the violin. He stood by the window, playing melodically as John watched from the kitchen, arms crossed over his chest as he listened to the kettle start to agitate.
Return to baseline.
“Sleep well?” John asks, cleaning up after his breakfast as Sherlock enters the kitchen.
(Like Mycroft, they always said it was for the best, and that it was the only way they could help him, but what he got wasn’t help, it was pity and attempts to change him, to make him ‘pass as normal’, and Sherlock will never manage that - doesn’t
. Miscalculations.
51 seconds
Sherlock knows that the sensations he’s experiencing are usually labeled ‘anxiety’, but he’s never been able to relate to that word. What he experiences is a surge in his body, increased heart rate, tremors, extreme discomfort in his own skin and irrational, desperate thoughts that he’s unable to divert. Anxiety doesn’t even begin to cover it.
A lot could have been said during these seconds.
“Before?” Sherlock says, aiming for sniffy but ending up just sounding questioning.
“Look, you deduced my limp, and my shoulder, the first day we met. Can't you be content with that… level of damage? For now. Until you deduce the rest. But - when you do, don't tell me. I’d rather not know, alright?”
“Hey,” John says, trying to sound calm as he sees some of the people they’d been sitting together with in the club walk out of the club to get some air.
Sherlock gets to his feet -
(What’s the secondary response to guilt, Sherlock wonders - he even considers asking her, but decides that the still-lingering ache in his hand and the metallic aftertaste of Zopiclone might be all the answer he needs.)
He starts to turn his head towards John, but before he’s even gotten John into his field of view, another sharp tug on his hair prevents him from doing so.
Sherlock finds himself doing the same thing; looking, following John’s experienced handling of the corpse, trying to not to give away how that simple thing - watching John doing what he was expertly trained to do - affects him.
It’s illogical, but there’s something -
John doesn’t challenge Sherlock’s stubborn silence when he returns home from work that evening. Instead, he does what he usually does under such circumstances - avoids any room Sherlock is presently occupying. It’s yet another pattern; John’s ability to adapt in order to handle what he sometimes calls Sherlock’s ‘viler sulks’.
“So, wanna tell me how it all started?”
Impulse control in this chapter:
(--dismiss.
“But not when it comes to--”
Somewhere in his mind, Sherlock recalls that there's a boy attending a school on the outskirts of London that he needs to talk to. It's possible that said boy is only still alive thanks to a man who's been missing for two years, but Sherlock knows that he's missing several variables in the equation and the answer is almost there -
In this situation, however, Sherlock finds that being able to read John's glances, his slight restlessness, the set of his jaw as he's about to settle for a decision, does nothing whatsoever to decrease his own anticipation.
Sherlock is not sure if he’s alright, but that’s not the kind of answer you give when you want someone to touch you, to let you touch them and then moan into their mouth, so answering truthfully isn't an option. Lying isn't an option either, because Sherlock finds lying dull and unimaginative. Therefore, Sherlock settles for his usual solution; ignoring the real meaning of the question and answering something more relevant instead.
He had… yes.
His mind palace has turned into a labyrinth and there's something missing, something that will prevent him creating a pattern of
It will have to suffice as answer, because it's an unusually interesting little problem that his brother has sent him, and it's been two and a half hours since Sherlock left his own bedroom, anticipating an explosion of nameless, useless…
(Three movements to adjust the pillow. Five steps to back away from the bed. Five steps to return, now opening the bedside drawer. A muss of things -
“All the missing people who fit into the pattern I’m tracing had philanthropic tendencies. Some had had these tendencies their entire lifetime, some had developed them more recently, due to certain life events or new ghosts haunting their minds, but they all had this in common; they toned down these tendencies some time before their disappearance. They all used to be active in socially radical online networks, and that must be the connection. In one of those networks, they must have come into contact with some kind of organisation that helped people escape others who threatened their lives - possibly criminal groups, but I need further data in order to make a final conclusion there. The fact that the benefactors themselves disappeared later makes it obvious that someone was closing in on this network, once again threatening the safety of those who had started a new life. Those disappearances were clearly voluntary, but as the network has done a fairly impressive job of covering up the tracks leading to the people they’ve helped, I’m yet to distinguish the motivation behind it. Joseph knows that his former teacher had to leave everything for Joseph’s safety, hence the guilt and gratitude. He was Leonard’s pressure point.”
“I’m well aware that your health currently prevents you from working on most of your usual little ‘problems’, but this current attempt at inventing a problem for yourself is quite a stretch even by your usual standards. You’re not playing safe, Sherlock. You’re not playing at all.”
Slowly getting himself off the bed, Sherlock doesn’t sense any patterns and doesn’t feel any pressure except the kind that comes from too many benzodiazepines on top of too little sleep and a total lack of tricyclic antidepressants. It's relief. Relief that comes with side-effects.
“As you are aware, pattern recognition is one of the things at which I excel. With all those irrelevant patterns clogging up my brain, the real ones get a bit… difficult to distinguish. It makes me doubt everything which I cannot intellectually confirm, which is… relevant to what happened a few days ago.”
“You were going to ask if I'm asexual.”
- and Sherlock respects competence above all other things, and in this matter he completely lacks it.
Sherlock hadn’t been ‘undermined’ - he’d been
Secondly; pennypaperbrain. That's all I have to say. This is thanks to her. And to some of our shared, dark delight at making Sherlock suffer in certain cerebral ways...
Talking is not what they do best, after all. Actions, on the other hand, seem to communicate far more useful information.
Shivering, Sherlock grabs the sheet from his bed, wrapping it around himself before he grabs his phone from the nightstand.
Sherlock is surprised at the indifferent tone of his own voice. He didn’t think he’d manage it, but apparently his vocal cords are not as affected as his mind. Perhaps the little blue pills aren’t as useless...
“Have it your way,” Mycroft says in the neutral, dull voice Sherlock recognizes from other times when Mycroft’s realised that his younger brother might have a very similar set of genes, but that the decisions said brother makes for himself will never be as rational and balanced as those Mycroft would have made for him.
“No, I think I would very much enjoy listening to you as you clue me in on it.”
He wants to be completely
By the time they leave the building, Sherlock has almost solved the case - “brilliant!” - and unintentionally insulted a key witness; the man living next door where the break in had taken place - “more than a bit not good, Sherlock. You have no right to tell the whole floor about the poor man’s childhood traumas!”. Sherlock proceeds to deduce (somewhat more quietly) that it was John’s own history of childhood trauma that made him react so strongly to Sherlock’s miscalculation in regards to which deductions he ought to keep to himself. (Sherlock knows these things, he does - mostly - but he’d been a bit… swept away in the rush of the case and had in fact forgotten that there were neighbours nearby who could overhear him). The last deduction, the one about John, had lit something more than a bit not good in John’s eyes, and for once it had been John who left without a word. Luckily, John had been waiting outside the building, and they proceeded to take a cab back to Baker Street.
- because he’s never before been given a chance to experience it.
Paired with the unsteady feeling and the nausea, the slight delay in his cognitive processing proves disturbing enough to make Sherlock seriously consider never to drink again.
Then there's the squeak of John’s ergonomic brown shoes against the kitchen floor as he takes another step back, nodding towards Sherlock.
[   ]  N/A = not applicable
“Oh please, if you were so intrigued by your girlfriends, how come you don't try harder to keep them?”
Eventually, Sherlock’s awareness of the origin and meaning of Mycroft’s little allusions had turned the fact that he was - literally -
He makes no sound, holding back anything that might make this into something it isn't.
Not likely.
lot specialised in finding people, but not the usual way. I don’t think your network number two was the same people that committed the crime to start with, but some kind of private investigators gone to the bad.’ Beta pauses for a breath. ‘Apparently Sophia helped one person disappear, and then found out that other people on her side were being threatened, and two of them had died under suspicious circumstances. I worked out that one of Sophia’s contacts was planning to do a bunk before the investigators got them. After that the data’s pretty sketchy. Looks like Sophia got better at covering her tracks."
“You needn’t bother bringing me any more benzodiazepines, by the way, as I will only use them occasionally,” Sherlock continues. “ Apparently, John found my withdrawal from the antidepressants preferable to that from benzos. In fact, he threatened to do something quite crude with your umbrella if you even consider regularly bringing me more narcotics of any kind, given that he does very much not wish for a repeat of last weekend.”
Six pills in his hand. A defiant number that just increases his unease, but he'd been too fast in popping out the pills, and he'd just freed the sixth from the blister when he realised that seven might be overdoing it.
“So that’s what you want? A hands-on approach?”
Sherlock closed his eyes, awaiting the pressure, the anger and the end. He has no doubt about what his brother is handing to John. John -
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had not foreseen this.
The way John sees it, Selma has a pattern of saying things without thinking of the impact of it, and according to him Selma often regrets these things. If Selma has a pattern of impulsive behaviours that she regrets, it’s common to do as she does; attempting to cover it up by laughing at it when people point it out. Earlier, in Floodgates, John thought that she was ‘overly polite’ and in some cases people who are aware of their tendency to say things that might be hurtful tend to compensate it by being overly kind or polite, perhaps in an attempt to show that they don’t mean ill and that they aren’t doing it deliberately. Also; saying things without thinking about how they can be interpreted is a rather impairing factor socially, as displayed in the chapter. Restlessness and impulsiveness tend to make people regard the person as less competent, less reliable and more childlike, which is a bit destructive for the person’s self-image, when they are sometimes using all their energy to fight impulses and stop to think before acting, but sometimes failing to do so.
(It’s useful, and that should really be all that matters, but it isn’t.)
It’s difficult, to say the least, to think straight when your entire mind is focused on swallowing down a cock for the second time in your life, yet part of John’s brain still insists that he turns at least a fraction of his hazy attention to this one thing; for all his sexual experience and for all his medical training (not to mention some of the things he's seen at his work as a doctor), John is yet to bring up the discussion about condoms.
Well, he might not present John with
Tucking his phone back into his pocket, Sherlock considers his options. In addition to all the rest, he’s feeling a sudden urge for a whole other kind of release.
is simply not something that they can put down to impulses or urges, not the way they can with the occasional fucking or the odd, bruising kisses in-between ragged breaths.
That's true, but what is also true is that they're talking about different chemicals at this stage.
John tries to shake his head clear of that trail of thought. The movement earns him a sideways glance from Sherlock, who then promptly returns his full attention to his phone.
The post-orgasmic heaviness makes the kisses slow, unhurried, but whenever John forgets himself and the kisses become more fleeting and light, Sherlock presses back, reminding him to put just a bit more pressure into it. If he hadn’t been so sated and tired, John might have smiled at this, but he is indeed very sated and rather uncomfortable on the floor even where he’s pressed against Sherlock, who has far too sharp hipbones, so he doesn’t. Instead, he’s trying very hard to ignore the fact that Sherlock’s hand has come to rest upon his back and that his shirt is therefore now sticky and wet from semen. Instead, John focuses on licking into the mouth beneath his own.
- and there’s no doubting his intention of keeping his word. He doesn’t offer Sherlock water or a wet flannel, he just stands there, regarding him with a piercing gaze that makes it very clear just how tired of Sherlock’s “games” he is.
When Molly exits the room a minute later, hopefully to get him some coffee, Sherlock’s already made up his mind about the man with the psychosomatic limp and the too-deep lines in his face.
(Sherlock is aware that anger is probably just a less devastating alternative to some other and far more nebulous emotional response.)
“There's nothing to it.”
(It can’t be, it’s not the same thing--)
“It’s idiotic, is it?” John wonders, clearing his throat.
Three nights ago, with their heads dull and heavy from the cheap, overpriced alcohol, the stuffy air and the lack of sleep, something had provoked a rupture, and there had been things said that could only be said during a lapse in time or judgement.
It's an unlikely trigger for mental deconstruction and the start of what might have been--
It’s not that it isn't just as exquisitely tailored as his other shirts or that the silk fabric isn’t just as smooth against his skin as he's used to. No, the only thing that differentiates this garment from the rest of his not insignificant collection of shirts is the fit.
It’s an obscene sound followed by an even more obscene command for him to turn around. Hands tingling and head spinning from the pounding of his head against the headboard, Sherlock manages to gracelessly slump down to the bed and roll over to his stomach. Having his pants pushed down and then pulled off is easier this way; facing the mattress rather than John. Strong legs straddling him and John leaning down over him to pick something up from the floor by the bed. There’s finally pressure against his cock and Sherlock knows it’s undignified but can’t stop himself from rutting slightly against the mattress, relieving the edge of arousal that’s turned painful.
“Neither is my well-intentioned brother, it’d seem. So aware of some of my faults, yet so willing to overlook others. Rationalising, are we?”
John's voice is strained, holding back all the things he thinks will make Sherlock retreat.
still light has become something of an anomaly
Wanting… something.
Sherlock doesn’t turn around, doesn’t face John, because making up his mind is hard enough as it is.
“Oh, so you are friends?” Eva asks.
It may or may not be one of my own new indulgences; writing the opposite of sad wanking.
All things considered, Sherlock’s brain handled the outing well, but there’s an undercurrent of pressure that’s slowly rising under his skin, because of the sounds, the movement and most of all the constant reminders of his obsessions that are everywhere -
Didn't mean to be gone for so long.
He’s still angry, but he’s no longer sure who he’s angry at.
. It’s neurotransmitters confusing one obsession for another -
Sherlock’s mouth, when it opens to his, tastes slightly bitter from the semen and his lips are still a bit salty even as the tears must have dried in the warmth of their kitchen. John leans in further, leans in until Sherlock has to lean back on his elbows to prevent himself from falling back onto the floor, and then John’s hands are on the back of his head, protecting it as Sherlock does indeed end up on his back on the floor.
(Unless John decides to move them in that direction, in which case it might prove to be an advantage.)
Which is why Sherlock has never showed either sympathy or pity, much less consideration, in regards to this quirk of John's psyche.
So it's come to this.
John doesn’t lick his lips like he would usually do when in a new and somewhat uncomfortable situation -
Staring at the door, Sherlock wonders if he's supposed to feel anything. There's a hint of frustration, but otherwise, he's hollow. It could be considered as progress, really, couldn’t it? Ten years ago, this kind of ‘un-reaction’ would have saved him a lot of… discomfort.
“Yes, he’s a very straight man, and I doubt that he’d appreciate the notion of another man lusting after engaging in very homosexual activities with him,” Sherlock continues, now hunching down to get a better view of the man’s ankles.
As he sits back, his gaze flickers over John, who is watching him.
In the end, he leaves with half of what he’d intended to buy, but somewhere in the side streets on his way back to the hotel, he realises that he will never use what he’s just purchased.
“I'm glad. It leaves deep enough scars as it is.”
A slight ease of tension in Sherlock's shoulders is the only sign John gets, as he's unable to see his face from where he stands.
“So are you going to tell me what Leonard knew about that kid, or are you waiting for a grand moment to show off?”
Once again, John finds himself left to cooling sheets and his own drying sweat after Sherlock has taken off, eager to spend his now seemingly rebooted energy on something more worthwhile than his sluggish, post-orgasmic flatmate.
. Sherlock has been unaware - except on a few rare occasions - of doing so. Mainly because he’s been likewise unaware of having
As many people on the neuropsychiatric spectrum might, Selma uses her intelligence to cover up some of her 'symptoms' (as does Sherlock), sometimes in rather inventive ways, but there are limits even to what the highly intelligent can do to override the fact that their neurology is in fact different from that of the majority, which leads to a different perception, handling of sensory input, ability to regulate focus and resisting impulses and much more.
No longer responsive to anything.
“So, does this mean that you’ll not ask me to leave?”
“She has learnt to look the other person in the eye as they speak and always seems confident - you would never know she is suffering from social anxiety from just looking at her in a group! But she will always leave early, she says she gets exhausted.”
“Wanted to what?” Sherlock says shortly, his fingers having found their way back to the wheel and are now drumming it impatiently. He should just tell John off.
John looks at him the way he sometimes does when he thinks that Sherlock is being knowingly opaque, but still settles for waiting until Sherlock chooses to reveal the logic behind his reasoning.
If John needs him to, Sherlock is willing to play all the stereotypes. He can just put the gear in reverse and display all the things he's spent decades avoiding, it's fine with him, but in terms of what John needs and what he’s willing to consciously allows himself to want--
...four, five...
John rubs his palms against his forehead in pure indignation. This could be bad. Really bad.
“Smug bastard,” John mutters, but he’s smiling now.
Making his way down the cobbled alley that runs along the side of  his college, Sherlock has to mind his steps since it’s almost pitch dark where the glow of the streetlights doesn’t reach. It’s later than he’d realised, but it doesn’t matter, because Sherlock won’t sleep anyway, and kebab van on St Giles’ will still be there as long as students keep passing on their way home from other colleges or the surrounding pubs.
or this
“Hm, yeah, that… Excuse the language, I’ve never heard him even utter words like that before.”
On the bed beside him, Sherlock’s index finger twitches, and he studies how a single tendon in his wrist moves under the thin, colorless skin.
John sniggers slightly, Sherlock can feel the vibrations from his body behind him.
The stimulating of nocioreceptors and altering of brain chemistry remains the end goal, but the process has been enhanced by the addition of something that is not as clear cut as Sherlock first had thought.
“She doesn’t look like fourteen.”
John says something, just a few words, but his voice is not deliberate the way Mycroft’s is, and Sherlock can’t make out more than a mumble. A mumble which holds both concern -
“No crime scene,” Sherlock says, holding his own phone up in an impatient gesture.
As John slips his hand back into Sherlock’s hair and his other hand ghosts downwards, Sherlock feels a surge of unease. He shouldn’t be allowing this, this is not right. He should not let John do this, not now that he knows why John does it; that John’s afraid of being without Sherlock and therefore willing to expose his own body to something he isn’t really inclined to, just to prevent that from happening. But he allows it, he lets this happen. And that breaks all his moral codes, his own structure of interactions, his sense of…
John can be the no-nonsense, straightforward man and Sherlock can be the queer one, it fits, it fits like a glove because he's always been the queer one despite his efforts, and at least this way there might be something to gain from it.
It's a discussion that's well past its due-date, seeing how they’re already exchanging bodily fluids on a semi-regular basis.
“So, how do you know our doctor?” Eva asks, leaning over the table to make herself heard.
“Ehm--” John begins protesting, clearly both confused and uncomfortable. His hand flies up to his neck, John’s nervous habits almost mirroring Sherlock's own.
Sherlock must have had a point about John being repressive when it comes to some of his own urges, and the thought of Sherlock being able to both see and word such things makes John want to hit him.
Then he sees John’s eyes; and the colors are not diluted in any way. Rather, they are intensified.
It took... a while. Two years, to be precise. But the last chapter has, finally arrived, and I have also found my way back to writing. Most likely, more words will come, albeit not for this work, as it is now complete. For this, I thank pennypaperbrain, who has literally sat down with me and made me start working on this after I said I had thoughts on doing so. Penny is, clearly, a genius (and genius has a very thankful audience in me).
“Good job, Sherlock,” Lestrade says with a nod before leading the guilty woman away towards the police cars.
. It’s childish, but one tends to regress when one is frequently hunched over a toilet, spilling out whatever amount of liquid that still remains in one’s body.
“No, Sherlock,” John says, voice still raspy from the fury just a few seconds before. “No, it isn’t true, but you kept pushing, you kept tearing up… This job, it’s... it’s the only thing in my life that isn’t about you. Everything else is, and you are very well aware of that. And still; still you do this. You destroy everything that isn’t about you. And I won’t let you do that, do you hear me? I want all the parts that are you, but I need this part too. I need something that’s just mine, and you just can’t let me have that. That’s why I… snapped. I didn’t mean it, but right then I felt it. You are not inhuman, but you are behaving like shit, Sherlock.”
He could ask. He’s asked about these things before. Awkwardly and almost incoherent, yes, but he’d asked. At this point he finds himself unwilling to. There are some things that you simply shouldn’t ask about.
His eyes closed, Sherlock can still sense the lingering traces of deep red and the tangelo orange gradually shift into deeper purples and greens. The movement of John’s hand in Sherlock’s hair gradually slows, his breathing becoming more shallow and even.
Sherlock obliges, and the pressure against his body lessens as John lifts himself off in order to pull off Sherlock’s trousers, leaving him in only the unbuttoned shirt, his chest stripped of the fabric. John is back on top of him, but he’s still wearing his own jeans, and even though they’re well-washed and worn, the fabric is rough enough to cause considerable friction against Sherlock’s bare thighs. He’s not sure if it’s a good sensation or not, but John is pressing his erection against Sherlock’s, and that makes every other sensation fade. It’s almost painful, the jeans and the belt and the roughness of John’s rutting movements against his own cock, the sensitive skin exposed.
John hesitates before sitting down on the chair next to Sherlock-
[ ] F = Fantasy
It’s a boy with a wooden sword racing towards the dragon, and it’s Sherlock’s only slightly shaking fingers that come to rest at John’s side, establishing a point of contact, a connection through which John’s colors will be infiltrated by Sherlock’s -
- by what Mycroft is about to say before it’s even spoken, so he steers the conversation, exploiting himself further in favor of not being closely inspected.
Somehow, this chapter emerged quite unexpectedly in the midst of me sorting my thoughts after a conversation about how we react to people triggering strong emotions we did not anticipate and do not understand in ourselves.
It’s breath held, dry lips, bad angle.
“Since when,” Sherlock begins, his voice deliberately low, “do I ever do something I don’t want to? Unless, of course, it gives me pleasure to do it anyway?”
As Sherlock's hands reach John's belt, they hesitate, and John thinks that perhaps he ought to do something, to reciprocate, but no; that's not what Sherlock is asking.
….stroking his hair.
“I’m not letting you push and poke me. You’re going to stop doing that, because I don’t think you want to do that any more than I want to you to do it. I don’t want to say this, but it’s true; if you poke me, I will poke you. And you don’t want to get into that kind of game. I know your weaknesses and you know mine. I know that I can be cruel when I’m pushed far enough and I don’t know how you feel about this, but I don’t actually want to do that to you. Perhaps you want to, but I doubt it. I’ve never known you to be cruel for the pleasure of it. Let’s not play some manipulative game of mutual destructiveness. We’ll mess this up a lot anyway, let’s not add intentional cruelness to that mess, alright, Sherlock?”
- before examining the body closer. Just as John puts his fingers to the pulse point of the body, a thought rushes through Sherlock.
Sherlock, for his part, is waiting for John to realise the implications of what he’s saying. John doesn’t, however; he’s evidently too busy fighting back impulses to inquire further about Sherlock’s mental health.
Sherlock is not putting on a display, simply taking his clothes off while looking at John, his face no longer questioning. When he's untied his shoes and taken them off, Sherlock stands up once more, unbuckling his belt.
“Not really my area,” Sherlock admits, and lets a bit of strain creep into his voice, the position of his head starting to become quite uncomfortable.
When John emerges in a striped dressing gown over pyjamas, heading towards the kitchen to grab something to eat before he falls asleep standing up, Sherlock speaks.
“Or if you’re insane.” John said, but Holmes ignored him.
“Yes, that is precisely what I’m suggesting.” Sherlock said, his eyes locked on his work. He turned his head toward Watson, keeping his eyes where his hands were, only quickly flicking them up to see Watson’s expression. This told him everything.
They got to the lab where they were running tests on the man’s body to see if he had high levels of metal, or any sort of injectable substance that could’ve caused his system to shut down. They weren’t finding anything.
“And?” Sherlock asked, raising his eyebrows, hardly looking at sarcastic as he usually would at how slow John was being. He looked sensitive.
“I’m going to the pub.” Holmes clarified, making John get up and put his jacket on without another word.
Watson gave him a look, clearing his throat, dulling down Sherlock’s excitement immediately to fit Watson’s social behavior.
“No, of course not, I don’t need his help. He needs me, but I don’t need him.” He said, sounding prouder than ever.
Eat some damn food.
John let go of him promptly, his hands dropping to his sides awkwardly as he heard the whistling again, opening the kettle to pour water into the cups. He held out one to Sherlock, who promptly pushed it aside, placing a hand on either side of John’s face, eyes closed, and pressed their lips together.
“That’s a lot of people and a lot of numbers.” Holmes said, his eyes closed and his fingers steepled underneath his nose. “The last two months is a long time – and a lot of patients go in. For what – minor to major, it doesn’t matter, we’ve had it all so far.”
“Don’t mention it.”
“Yeah, Lestrade texted me – another injected guy but his bowels weren’t affected.”
“Right, right, I haven’t forgotten the incident. But why were you so upset? Was it because you too wouldn’t be able to pay the rent here? That must be it.” He said, staring blankly at the ceiling. He was completely serious. He really thought that it must have been to pay rent that Watson had lost it when it happened.
“I’m not sure what happened – I must’ve done something, or he wouldn’t have done this, but I’m not sure what it is I’ve done.” Holmes said, shaking his head. “In the middle of this case, too, I need his help. He’s always got a unique look at things, I need that. This case is so… intricate.” Holmes said, holding his hands up to put emphasis on the last word.
They arrived back at 221B and John immediately started asking questions. “What is up with you?” He asked, crossing his arms, even though Molly had given him big hints as to why he was so… normal… but he wanted to know what Holmes had to say about it.
When he walked inside he stomped up the stairs while taking his coat off rather than after because he was very cross; he wanted to yell in Sherlock’s face about how inconsiderate he’d been, but when he got up he saw Sherlock listening quietly to the man who was tearing up in Watson’s chair.
“I was cross,” Watson said, raising his eyebrows, “but that song reminds me of when my mother would make me soup when I was ill as a child.” He said, shrugging once more.
“Not exactly.”
“So… be yourself. Keep investigating, next murder, just… invite him. Talk to him, include him, be yourself.” Molly smiled, and Holmes smiled back.
John went to the kitchen to try his hand at cooking – he’d not done any proper cooking in a while, so may as well start with eggs. He threw some in a pan, realizing immediately he forgot to grease it first. He groaned, throwing butter on top, hoping it’d help.
This time he stayed in bed, not wanting to dismay Sherlock, and let the song lull him gently to sleep.
John dropped the cup, hearing the shadow of it shatter against the floor, and feeling it ghost against his leg, but he could hardly pay attention to that. He couldn’t pay attention to anything but Sherlock with his rhythmic heartbeat, his expansive, shadowed emotions, his opportunist eyes, and his absolute love for John Watson.
“Aren’t you going to tell me about what you saw? I looked it up – three more men were killed. But this time not with that acid stuff – so different guy, right? Must’ve been. No one would be that rash – to just kill more people without using the same tactic – especially if it’s for testing.”
it came from. But he decided not to question it.
“Hardly, compared to you.” John said, raising an eyebrow. Holmes scoffed, standing up. “Got anything? It’s been hours – usually you come up with something.”
“Errands? Are you serious?”
Neither of them got the answers they were looking for for eleven days.
He found himself outside of 221B after thinking far too much about his flat mate, and far too little on what he was to expect upon entry. He almost felt the need to knock after only a single day. He felt out of place – it was awkward to return home now. He walked in, hearing silence. It rung in his ears like the bell of a church; far too loud and distracting for what it was.
A few times during Gabriel’s lessons, Sherlock found himself trying to imagine what it would be like, as a homosexual, to live out your sexuality without becoming your sexuality.
Crucially, he's still alive, and when Sherlock is finally allowed to leave the hospital, he knows this means he has to find a way to deal with at least one of the three other things he can now safely say that he is.
“I don’t think you realise how far I’ve imagined going, “ John says, letting out a breath. “But then you’ve always had the capacity to surprise me. And I’m very good at dealing with the unexpected.”
John goes down to -
A reminder, albeit not at the most convenient of times.
Sherlock has learnt to value what impulse control and inhibitions he’s managed to cultivate during the last decade. Having learnt early on that drinking is often done under the pretense that it’s ‘relaxing’, he’s always found the idea ludicrous. The sensation of feeling one’s control slipping is anything but relaxing.
Judging by the level of unpleasant sensations and increased anxiety, especially during the first two days, Sherlock has to admit that a certain degree of withdrawal
It’s an affront to everything that John himself has striven to become. A healer. A man of science.
.” Self-invite. Self-inclusion.
“We'll have to leave soon, then. Call a cab?”
), all Sherlock had gotten was the awful, hateful politeness and attentiveness of John the Thoughtful Flatmate.
[   ]  N/A = not applicable
- giving it something to attach to.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So, are you gonna tell me what it was this time?"
It’s too much.
The darkness of his bedroom enfolds Sherlock as he closes the door behind him. The smells are all familiar and the sound of London’s constant traffic noise keeps the room from being too quiet. When there’s too little sound Sherlock’s mind will interpret everything he picks up as something that has a meaning. However very few things in this world do have a meaning.
John is hesitant, his own fingers moving in his lap, most likely without him even noticing.
Rules only apply to those who understand them. And Sherlock is far above such considerations, which is why it doesn’t matter if he takes two or six anxiolytic pills, because his brain works differently, so why shouldn’t he medicate differently?
He should have done something about that days ago, had promised himself he would, but then there’d been the question about what to do and how to go about it, and maybe, after all it wasn’t the best way to--
- and of the things he once was -
It’s the day after they met, and Sherlock almost knocks a woman over on his way out of Angelo’s. Without thinking, John’s on his feet, throwing a
“You listen, and you answer. Why did Mycroft give you - of all people - narcotics?”
Sherlock begins outlining his thoughts on the case, interrupted only by John’s questions and reflections, until John needs to prepare for work, and Sherlock finds his laptop under his chair, proceeding to do his research.
An interpersonal complication.
The hand that had been stroking John's hip, up the small of his back, has stilled. Now it's merely a pressure, keeping them from drifting apart, but light enough for John to break away from at any time.
“Statistically, it’s highly unlikely that that will prove to be the cause,” Sherlock says, eyes fixed on his phone. “And even so, there’s no guarantee that any of the available treatments would actually cure it. It’s more a matter of ruling out one small possibility, if for no other reason than satisfying the ‘scientific’ curiosity of Dr Martell.”
Picking up the cube, Sherlock wonders if this is what people with lesser minds might describe as a ‘sign’.
After two hours of sleep, two hateful, dulling pills and one of the longest baths in his life -
An average man, at least physically, if one didn't take the shattered scapula and the scar tissue of his shoulder into account. Deceivingly average. And yet.
In the third drawer of a filing cabinet, Sherlock finds a stack of paper that must have been there for at least ten years, but underneath the papers, he glimpses something--
Setting down the packet of of Hobnobs he’s been plundering, John is now leaning against the kitchen counter, eyeing Sherlock intently.
“You like this?”
So he does the only thing that might enable him to reach a conclusion before it’s too late: he reaches for his phone, and starts tapping out a message, trying to pretend that he’s only gathering data and certainly not doing anything so trite as accepting that in this, he might need to ask for help.
No more liquor for his inhibitionless colleague. She seemed far too relaxed talking about things she’d been apologizing for bringing up just a few hours ago.
“In essence, yes. Problem?”
“But since he’s making a point about you not being… how did he put it? Oh, something about ‘liking to fuck another guys face’ -  wasn’t it? - I guess he’s miserable.”
after a full day of being exposed to the eyes of others.
John tries to hide a faint smile.
Sherlock’s toes are tapping out a silent pattern inside his shoes, and by force of will he lifts his eyes from the kettle, turning half-way around to look at John.
He had wanted that with John. Wanted to know what it would be like when it wasn’t your own
But that's all there is.
It's too much, knowing just how thin the line between ‘interesting’ pain and ‘wrong’ pain is, but not knowing
It’s done.
[ ] M = Maybe
John shouldn’t sound like that, shouldn’t have that barely hidden defensive stance instead of the military bearing that had made Sherlock consider him a possible brother-in-arms almost straight away.
“I’m merely pointing out the obvious. It’s more effective that way.”
“Well, that’d make two of us these days, wouldn’t it?”
Sherlock is unable to determine that. And it's that uncertainty that makes him take one more step, then another one.
It’s as simple as it gets.
- but of laundry detergent and old fabric. Unnerved by his own actions, Sherlock throws it back down on the bed, ignoring the already-hushed voice that’s telling him he shouldn’t be here, in John’s room.
It really shouldn’t be to much to ask of someone not to drain all the mystery out of the relationship before it even become a proper relationship, damn it.
There's a tingle in Sherlock’s palms, and he closes them even tighter around his mug, willing the physical response to pressure to overrule the slight tremble he feels in his arms.
And now here Sherlock is, holding the catalyst for it all in his hand, doubting not only his own reactions but also John’s, doubting that John would think anything Sherlock did was ‘brilliant’ if he knew just how thin is the line between seeing connections that others miss and seeing connections where there are none.
He’s back in his down-at-heel flat on Montague Street, debating with himself over what would be worst; having to face continued (grey, hateful) sobriety or facing the risk of having go through (burning, humiliating) withdrawal ever again.
“A threat to my-- What are you talking about?”
The usher nods and retreats back into the corridor, silently closing the door behind him as Sherlock takes a seat opposite Mycroft, careful to keep his expression neutral and the brief tapping of his fingers obscured by his folded arms.
Thank you!
At times, when there’s no case on and nothing to occupy himself with, Sherlock will do it to himself. Will lock the door to his bedroom quietly, knowing that John’s asleep or away but still being cautious. He’ll pinch his own nipples, clamp them, will slap his own skin and pretend that it’s someone else’s hand. With his hand on his cock, he’ll writhe from the mixed signals of pain and arousal and when he comes, the two sensations will be so merged together that he can no longer tell them apart.
“Tell me, brother mine, is this lack of self-preservation a result of concern over possible side-effects on the ability to engage in certain… relations?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thrusting hard and pulling almost the whole way out before pushing in again, John feels his orgasm building without warning. He presses himself flush against Sherlock and jerks his hips again and again as he comes, filling Sherlock up even more.
The lack of sleep will only aggravate his symptoms, and he knows what it costs not to pay attention to such things.
- all it’s he seems to be able to do lately. Honesty is impossible when the truth leaves you standing there with all of your nerve endings exposed. He’s not even capable of pretending convincingly. It’s seems almost useless to even try when all it would take is for someone to really look at you -
Beneath him, Sherlock lets his head fall back fully onto the floor, looking up at John as his fingers move deliberately over John’s shoulder, probably feeling the scar tissue through the fabric of John’s shirt. Even though he tries very hard not to, John finds himself answering the hesitant half-smile on Sherlock’s face as fingers keep trailing curiously over damaged skin, having been granted permission without the question being voiced.
It’s all about logic now, practicalities. The hardest part -
Mind over matter, cognition over faulty neurochemistry.
“But I have been blind, haven’t I?”
- strides, Sherlock comes to stand before John, holding out his hand, which is still gripping the plastic cube; waving it in front of him.
“Right,” John mumbles with an odd kind of smile, scratching the back of his head and doing that thing where he looks around in the room as if trying to spot the nearest escape route.
“You thought that giving me a toy would keep me busy for at least a few minutes, when in fact, solving it took fifty-seven seconds.”
Twenty minutes later, John finds another case that seems to confirm Sherlock's theory. John is unaware of the specifics of said theory, as the risk of Sherlock working on a lead based on a faulty conclusion can’t be ruled out. Since John is used to Sherlock only sharing information when he either wishes to show off, needs to talk out loud in order to override the noise in his head or to teach John how to observe, this lack of communication earns him no suspicion. John is hitting the keys on his laptop slightly harder than he does when in a good or neutral mood, but that is to be expected after nightmares.
. A key skill for navigating any kind of social interaction when one is not fortunate enough to be able to navigate those things instinctively.)
Will John suddenly catch himself before mumbling another 'amazing' under his breath, considering the possibility that Sherlock might interpret it as a come-on rather than awe over Sherlock's deductive abilities?
“I guess not,” John says, and Sherlock momentarily forgets his hands, forgets the pressure, because this could mean he's going to get new information. Something to add to the pattern that is John.
As Sherlock puts his phone away and proceeds to stare pointedly out of the cab window, John decides to do what Sherlock would do.
And when fingers leave his hair, gently trailing from the base of his skull, along his spine and down to the collar of his shirt, it takes a few seconds to realise that that’s something new.
- he's yet to find any of that to be an actual disadvantage when it comes to the two of them.
A taxi turns up at the far corner of the street and the headlights are far too bright as it comes closer and closer until it passes them slowly, but they’re only a few blocks away from the flat and there’s an unspoken tension between them that makes it possible to ignore such details.
“Knives?”
Self-medication is a human behavior in which an individual uses a substance or any exogenous influence to self-administer treatment for non-clinical physical or psychological ailments.
Sherlock fumbles to get his head out of the sheet with uncoordinated movements. The edge of the sheet is stuck under his shoulder and he has to roll to the side while fighting with the fabric before he is finally able to see the object on the nightstand in the dim room.
If it had been any of the people John had dated in the past, he would have known the protocol for this kind of thing.
lead on
Sherlock knows that if he’s going to do something about the state of this particular area of his body, it'll have to be now, before John has seen him fully naked.
- that would otherwise have manifested, then would it be possible to assert that if he hadn’t been on the antidepressant for all those years he would then have got more accustomed to - would have learnt to recognise - his emotions? Would he have known then how to do all this stuff - relationships, social cues,
“So what will happen next time there’s a case, then? I’ll turn into a distraction again?”
Here it comes, Sherlock knows. The part where he needs to provide something more than a simple ‘no’. The part where he needs to use skills left undeveloped, simply because he thoroughly dislikes practising anything at which he doesn’t instantly succeed.
It’s almost enough.
- and shivers as the slightly colder air finds its way to his skin.
knows
Eyeing himself in the mirror, Sherlock thinks that he looks strangely out of place like this; standing in the middle of his room, naked, with his eyes focused on the reflection of his groin.
Inside.
Sherlock knows that there’s something wrong with him, not only because he’s incessantly reminded of it as soon as he leaves his home and even his mother had ceased to protest the constant urgings to get Sherlock evaluated (which, in the end, didn’t matter when Sherlock himself didn’t chose to ‘cooperate’), but because he’s always suspected as much.
* * * * *
“Alright, then,” says John, surprised to find that he feels no need for further amends. For once, words seems to have done the trick, and John feels the resentment of the past two days slowly starting to dissipate.
Sherlock hadn’t known that. He had never understood why people thought death to be disturbing.
“And… you want me to take what I want. Because that way it isn't your responsibility, and you don't have to wonder about it, so you-”
(This simply won’t fit into any frame he’s ever used before.)
John tries to ignore him, tries to ignore the naked chest and the exclusive smells and the way Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms are hanging low on his hips, but it’s not an easy thing to do, ignoring another person when you’re both moving about inside a 35 square feet space.
“Don’t know, you know him better,” she said with another shrug of her shoulders. “But he seemed rather uncomfortable in the pub, so there’s that.”
With that, Sherlock steps out of the almost nauseating heat of the bathroom, making his way to his bedroom.
John’s voice is calm and firm -
He needs to be able to make a rational decision about his own potential death, but unfortunately, he’s in no fit state for rational decisions at the moment. So however futile it might seem, he needs to do something about said state.
“You’re going to the morgue? Without me?”
Love, on the other hand, is another matter entirely.
“I think I might have been... jumping to conclusions. Last time. So I thought-- well; I might gather some more data.”
Sherlock lifts his eyes from John’s fist to John’s eyes. Swallows.
As John finishes reciting the article he found, Sherlock shuts his own laptop, nodding thoughtfully -
When John breaks away for the final time, Sherlock leans his forehead against John's, so he  can almost see grey-blond strands mix with brown-black curls.
“John, case,” Sherlock says, barely loud enough for John to be able to hear it.
(The need for other chemical rushes.
Sherlock had said that the matter was inconsequential, and John had seemingly accepted this.
At the loss of the pain, which had been marginal towards the end, if he didn't count a certain pull on his neck muscles from the uncomfortable position, Sherlock finds that there's still more endorphins than usually in his blood, making things a bit slower and more manageable than usual.
The thing to remember is this; while this kind of compensation is extremely useful and can allow many people to achieve their goals and do things they otherwise wouldn’t have been able to do due to their illness/diagnosis, it costs, and the price never goes down. You often pay the same price for an action every time you do it, no matter how often you do it. It can become automatic to a certain degree, but it will always cost you energy.
(Everything is empty, except his mind, which is never empty, always crowded and he never had a choice but now he’s making one and he’s--)
“Now, four years ago something made her change her church-related activities quite drastically. She left her parents’ church and began seeking out more socially radical groups…”
The increasing pressure has shifted into something more like.... tugging.
“So, does this mean that there's a whole criminal network for finding the people that Sophia’s network has helped finding new lives for?”
First; ‘Self-destructive behavior’ is not synonymous with ‘self-harm’, so for those of you who might worry about triggers for self-harm; you needn’t worry. A better summary of the meaning of the title of the chapter is - as always - available in the End Note, but basically one could say that self-destructive behavior is any form of self-sabotaging; a behavior that gets in the way of achieving your long term goals. This could be triggering in other ways, though; mainly homophobia (internalized and external) and internal.
The mere word causes vibrations.
Sherlock nods, and prepares himself to leave, having gotten his message through without any hesitance or emotion in his voice.
Sherlock's identified a problem, an overlooked complication of his stated goal to engage in a relationship - of a romantic nature - with John.
He's not going to let his thoughts get ahead of this, he's going to stick to what John's clearly willing to offer him.
distortions fading, life resumed
[   ] N = No
“I’m going to need to shower too,” John reminds just as Sherlock is about to shut the door to the ensuite behind him, and Sherlock offers nothing but a grunt before finally closing the door, allowing himself to rest his head against the tiled wall next to it.
“Well, basically everyone’s boring according to Sherlock, so I wouldn’t read too much into it,” John says with a shrug, watching for any kind of reaction from Sherlock, but he remains silent in the front seat.
. Ready to leave the flat, to expose himself to the sounds and the light, to face everything he's avoided for three weeks.
“Fair enough.”
Before Selma had returned from the bathroom, a bit unsteady on her feet, John had tapped out a text, corrected two spelling mistakes and then sent it. Time would tell if he was pathetic or brave.
For a moment, Sherlock is distracted by the sudden shift, the way John has gone from being distant and resolute to that familiar sarcasm that never really manages - and perhaps isn’t meant - to conceal the admiration beneath.
There’s, however, several other cognitive dissonances as well. Here’s a few of them;
The horses inside his head are not real. They come from 2000 years’ worth of myths and fairy tales used to oppress people into obedience. It isn’t real. It didn’t happen.
His voice is almost inaudible but Sherlock reacts. John pauses his thrusts as Sherlock awkwardly stretches one stiff and tense arm out in front of him, folding his fingers around the edge of the headboard.
is never pleasant, but some come downs are less unpleasant than others.
“I can’t fucking believe that I need to be at the clinic in two and a half hours,” John says and drags a hand over his face as they reach the landing, and Sherlock fumbles with the keys, hands still a bit stiff from the cold. John mumbles something about warming up in the shower and Sherlock swallows.
gestures is not hard to read.
“At least not until I saw the effects of you being beaten, very literally ‘beaten’, by Ms Adler, that is.”
“Fuck,” John pants as Sherlock’s hands works his trousers open.
(If that mere thought is disturbing, then Sherlock himself must be disturbing - no;
“I'm a sensation seeker, you already know that. Pain is sensation. Pain administred by someone else is slightly less predictable sensation. You do the math,” he offers, finding that he doesn't even have to act to get that truth out just as blasé and nonchalant as it feels.
“Possibly, but not very likely. She actually seems to be making an effort to conceal the more radical aspects of her current religious strivings. She has another, more anonymous Facebook account for some of these activities, and while she’s not exactly attempting to obscure what she occupies herself with it’s clear that she’s trying to tone it down and still attend her parents’ church as often as possible, seemingly to keep them from worrying about her immortal soul.”
“Oh, come off it. We've been sitting here staring at a building for two hours. I'm fairly certain a bit of talking would not completely derail your extraordinary focus,” John says in a way that's both self-conscious and edges on the line between teasing and mocking.
John -
Sherlock shuts up. His heart is now uncomfortably loud and it takes all his effort just to control his breathing, not to let on just how responsive his autonomous nervous system is -
? The deep, saturated colors surround John as the hairs on his chest becomes visible, then his shoulder -
“On the other hand, I think tonight has shown that none of us has fully efficient inhibitions, so let’s indulge. I’ll have another regular Russian, if it’s okay?”
Sherlock wants to place something there, something unique, something that will show that this is John's drawer, and that John is... perhaps the bullet John shot Jeff Hope with - Sherlock nicked it from the evidence room before all this began. Or the paper John submitted to a medical journal before Afghanistan (rejected, but it shows an ambition that Sherlock sometimes finds himself missing in the John he knows. Or just a few words on a piece of paper, his--
The grip on his hair eases a bit, John clearly needing him to be able to speak more coherently. On his nape, John's fingers remain steady.
He’s aware that he’s been selfish in this. He’s also aware that there’s probably nothing that would reassure Sherlock more than that. John wanted this, and he took it. And it was perhaps the most reassuring thing that could have happened.
John's gaze falters, returns, and there's a pressure building up inside Sherlock's bones. John keeps their eyes locked as he retracts and rubs his hand against the kitchen counter, his Adam’s apple moving almost audibly.
Based on the follwing item of
Then John suddenly rises from the desk, walking over to Sherlock in the doorway, his steps confident and determined in that oddly mild way that John sometimes adopts in order to conceal just how stern he really is.
“Constantly. It’s a real bother.” He said.
“Five days, two left.” Holmes’d started repeating to himself, pacing back and forth, going silent when John entered the room. “John,” He’d address, nodding toward him. John would nod in return, his eyes staying on Holmes’s until he had to look away from an over-abundance of discomfort.
“Right, sorry – looked kind of like… you. Jacket, scarf-”
“Sherlock.” She said, looking up at him now. “How are you and John?” She asked, making Holmes’s brain whirr into action – how were John and him? What had happened? He had been quite cold that morning; almost hostile.
He opened the freezer to be greeted by two ice cube trays, and a foggy plastic container labeled “Bear Heart”. John promptly closed it again, staring at the outside of it in shock, then continuing to the counter – microscope he left, he stacked and set aside all the other things that went with it, grimacing at how much residue was on the countertop. He debated on whether or not to clean it up. He decided that it’d be easier on his conscience if it was clean.
Shine on the one I love
Eventually Holmes emerged from the kitchen, his being looking unkempt – more so than when Watson had gone in the kitchen previously. He flopped onto the couch with a loud huff, a frown on his face.
“Eight days for four people that you’re letting down.” John said, trying to get some reaction out of him.
“Oh, please.” Holmes dismissed, waving his hand and his face scrunching up in pure disapproval. “I’m hardly a target – and why wouldn’t they just come for me? Why kill all these other people first?”
“Coffee?” John asked after a while, feeling as if he was in a dream – Sherlock was awake, complaining about the IVs and saying he wanted to go back to 221B despite the refusal to be discharged from the hospital staff.
“Of course he has minor input and alternate opinions, but it’s him, not his ideas. He’s bothering me – taking up brain space. I’ll lose if I keep thinking about him.”
“Try… being nice.” She smiled, nodding, feeling her insides turn with guilt and turmoil. “Listen to what he has to say, pay attention to him, don’t leave without him…” Molly suggested, tilting her head to the side as she looked back down at her current task. She was writing notes down about something or rather, but she couldn’t concentrate. She put down the pen and stared up at him. “Sherlock, don’t lie to me.” She blurted. “How do you feel around John.”
Sherlock wasn’t lying. He was out for a
He came out just as John was about to walk back in – after half an hour – and asked what had taken so long. Holmes brushed him off, saying it was nothing and they didn’t have any of the answers he was looking for. John watched him carefully, seeing his carefree stride hadn’t changed, so he followed quickly. They had a quiet ride back of Holmes thinking silently, unlike his usual self, and John wondering what had happened to Holmes while he was gone.
“What else did you do?” Watson asked, making Sherlock turn around with a confused look.
“No, hardly.” Holmes said, throwing his head back. “Just… is something bothering you, John? Because if you’re not in perfect working order it’s going to be hard for us to work together.”
“Quite simple.” He said, walking toward Sherlock. “Timing, prediction, and record-keeping.”
“When I what, John? Cut my arms open to bleed for a while? It was an experiment.”
Pondering seemed like the wrong word. But so did obsessing. It was some kind of middle ground; not studying, because it was within himself.
“Are you serious?” Lestrade asked, frowning at him. “What could’ve been used to do that?”
“You child,” Watson scoffed, shaking his head. “You can’t self-monitor, so I made rules to help you until you can.”
He was just about to call Sherlock when he heard the door swing open, then swing closed at the pace that only Sherlock could uphold. He heard quick steps climb the stairs, followed by significantly slower steps wander to the couch where Sherlock flopped down.
John emerged from the bathroom, buttoning up the top of his shirt as he came in the room. He glanced at Holmes, then went to the kitchen to make tea without a word. “John,” Holmes said, standing and going toward him. “I’ve reached a dead end, I need your view on things – a second opinion of sorts.” He said, watching John’s back as he went about his business silently. “John?” He repeated, walking toward him and leaning around to see his face.
“You left me behind because you knew I wouldn’t approve? Sherlock, I’m doing this for your safety!”
“… Fine.”
“To throw people off? To be fair he hasn’t been caught yet – we haven’t found DNA samples or anything.” John said, making Holmes pause for but a moment before he continued with his usual smart-ass way of sharing his knowledge.
” to his flat mate, getting a “
“I told him to text me if he found anything so you wouldn’t go off on your own.” John said, staring harshly into Holmes’ – it was a stare down. They stayed like this for much longer than was comfortable – Holmes finally folded and went to put his jacket on.
