'I can't see what it says, but it feels like bad news,' John said, squinting into the distance. 'Something to look forward to.'
Cas put a hand to his chest, grinding his teeth.
‘You don’t hang out with Katie anymore? Why not?’
John groaned as they stared directly into each other’s eyes, then-
It was Sherlock, and himself, only they were older. Sherlock was taller, and his hair had regrown over his face. Both of them were searching for something, but John couldn’t tell what.
The Hall burst into applause and Viktor Krum rose from the Slytherin table.
‘Are you kidding? You hate the lessons but you keep going anyway. There’s no way I’d still be going if I were you. You have like… a strength I guess.’
‘Do you really mean that?’
The portraits on the surrounding walls broke into a storm of protest.
he said eventually.
For the next couple of days, all the members of the DA and the fifth year Ravenclaws took to carrying phials of potion around with them just for Cas, until Madam Pomfrey finally discharged him on Friday evening. The bleeding had stopped, and though Cas was covered in thick scabs and still sensitive, he’d been given permission to fly, so he immediately dragged Dean down to the Quidditch pitch.
‘There’s gotta be a better way than this,’ Dean said, passing Cas some water.
‘She had one,’ said Mr Diggory. ‘I found her holding one, Ludo. Iff it’s all right with you, Mr Crouch, I think we should hear what she’s got to say for herself.’
‘Morning, Basil,’ said Mr Weasley, picking up the boot and handing it to the kilted wizard who threw it into a large box of used Portkeys behind him.
John dissolved into laughter again.
‘Yes, but I can’t
‘I’m sure that’ll come in handy,’ John said, a little more snippily than he had intended. ‘What are we doing out here, Sherlock?’
‘Insubordination, sir!’ roared a red-nosed wizard, brandishing his fists. ‘Dereliction of duty!’
‘Simply fabulous,’ he whispered. ‘Wonderfully ingenious.’
‘I’m one of the new Gryffindor Beaters,’ John said.
‘Hey, you’re bleeding again,’ Dean said to Cas.
‘Signals are going up,’ said Moody. ‘Get your stuff ready.’ He stumped over to the front door, and waited for the others to join him.
‘You’re kidding!’ Dean said.
‘Yeah,’ John said, rubbing his chest and wincing uncomfortably. ‘Fine.’
‘For your health,’ said Umbridge. Her eyes travelled over Hagrid’s discoloured and swollen face; blood dripping silently onto his waistcoat. ‘I see.’
‘Yeah,’ Harry said, slightly defensively.
‘They make them okay at Hogwarts,’ Harry said without thinking, catching sight of Cho Chang.
'Yes, Harry,' Hermione said gently, 'but all the same, there's no point pretending that you're not good at Defence Against the Dark Arts, because you are. You were the only person last year who could throw off the Imperius Curse, you can produce a Patronus, you can do all sorts of stuff that full-grown wizards can't, Viktor always said-'
‘Last signal, let’s go,’ he said, shoving the front door open.
‘Your uncle feeling particularly sassy that afternoon?’
‘Hey, guys!’ Dean called, waving.
‘Had to get up at two, didn’t we, Ced? I tell you, I’ll be glad when he passes his Appirition test. Still, not complaining. Quidditch World Cup, wouldn’t miss it for a sack full of Galleons – and the tickets cost about that. Mind you, looks like I got off easy…’ Mr Diggory peered around at them all good-naturedly. ‘All these yours, Arthur?’
Cas nodded. ‘Much.’
‘Well, Dean and I know this Seer. Her name’s Pamela, and when we met her, she told Dean he would fall in love with someone with blue eyes, isn’t that right, Dean?’
‘Mum!’ Ron said irritably. ‘What d’you three know that we don’t?’
‘No, Cas, wait-’ Dean stood up, but it was too late. He sighed. ‘I’ll talk to him tomorrow,’ he said to himself. Then he too walked past John and Sherlock. ‘Nice, by the way,’ he said to them, giving them a thumbs up.
‘Where are we going, Dean?’ Cas asked, following Dean down the marble staircase.
'Let's take a break. We'll finish after dinner,' said Cas.
on the side.
‘Fine,’ said Harry.
Dean watched him closely. He had no trouble at all grinding up the Bicorn horn, but he was careful with the Mandrake root, chopping it slowly. He hesitated with everything he put in the cauldron, waiting just a fraction of a second too long each time. Not much of a problem with a simple potion like this, but it would make all the difference in the potions they would have to brew for their OWL.
'Sorry, is werewolf discrimination funny, or…?'
‘Don’t!’ he said as loudly as he could, but it was too late.
John turned over in his sleep, mumbling slightly.
‘Dobby said to walk past here three times, thinking about what we need,’ Harry said.
‘Nothing,’ said Harry, sitting up and looking around.
John’s chin wobbled and he was still shaking. ‘Can - can I-?’
Justin Finch-Fletchley whistled; the Creevey brothers exchanged awestruck looks and Lavender Brown said ‘Wow!’ softly.
‘A corporeal Patronus?’
‘What’s going on?’ John asked. ‘Where’s Harry?’
John put one hand on Harry’s shoulder and thought back to when the Goblet was revealed, and watched Harry up until the feast. He then dropped his hands and slumped heavily. ‘Er – Harry went to bed after the feast last night and fell asleep around midnight. He woke up at eight this morning and spent the morning with Ron and Hermione, then the rest of the day with Hagrid. He didn’t put his name in.’
They were standing at one end of a very long and splendid hall with a highly-polished, dark wood floor. The peacock-blue ceiling was inlaid with gleaming golden symbols that kept moving and changing. John thought that Sherlock would know what they meant.
Dean said, pointing his wand at Cas and cleaning the blood from his pajamas. ‘How are you feeling?’
‘Yes, it’s a language. I live in Wales, it doesn’t hurt to know a little of the language.’
Cas just sighed.
‘Yeah, look.’ Fred pulled out a sweet in brightly coloured wrapping ‘It’s infused with an Engorgement Charm, so it’ll make the tongue grow. We don’t know exactly how long it’ll get though.’
Dean too went to bed, along with everyone but Harry, who stayed behind to clear up the bowl he'd smashed. He drew his curtains about his bed, and hoped that he wouldn't disturb the others with the nightmares that were sure to come that night.
Malfoy and the Slytherins had arrived.
‘S’pose not,’ Harry mumbled.
‘Oh, really!’ Hermione spluttered, opening the letter from the grey owl. ‘It’s - oh, how ridiculous-’ She thrust the letter at Harry, which John reached over and grabbed from him. It was not handwritten, but composed from pasted letters that seemed to have been cut from the
John groaned quietly. ‘Let’s not “what about John” at this time of night.’
John stared at it apprehensively. ‘Mum, why don’t you and Mycroft have a nice cup of tea in the kitchen?’
All the other Gryffindors were crowded around him, looking concerned.
‘You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law,’ he said clearly, ‘so that we may pass judgement on you, for a crime so heinous-’
‘He says he’ll be delighted,’ said a bored voice; the wizard called Phineas had reappeared in front of his Slytherin banner. ‘My great-great-grandson has always had an odd taste in house-guests.’
John let him take the lead, and was surprised to find that Sherlock was indeed a good dancer. ‘Where did you learn to dance?’ John asked, looking up at him.
‘What? I’m fine. Sorry. Carry on.’
‘My name is Dolores Umbridge.’
‘But you were unsuccessful?’
They reached the edge of the Forest and Cas whirled around to face him. 'Why else would Gabriel leave?'
‘Well, I can certainly see why we’re trying to keep them alive,’ Malfoy said sarcastically. ‘Who wouldn’t want pets that can burn, sting and bite all at once?’
Sherlock’s voice reached him and he caught a brief of Sherlock still sitting in front of him.
‘Well, you can enchant a building so it’s impossible to plot on a map, can’t you?’
'I'm here.' Harry's voice seemed to come from within the cloud.
‘’Night.’
They turned away from WInky, John somewhat reluctantly, and Ron started testing his Omnioculars.
‘I don’t know…’ John shuddered and pushed the feeling away.
John and Harry went inside.
‘No problem, buddy.’
'Are we?'
'Gryffindor Tower, I think. It's cold in Ravenclaw.'
‘I think so, yeah.’ John took one last look around his room, now stripped bare. He took a deep breath, and started down the stairs to see who had come for him.
‘Well here, let me take a look at it.’ He reached out and touched the hem of Cas’s shirt, but he jerked away.
'If you say so,' Cas said, warily watching him set a fire under the cauldron. 'How should we start?'
‘Yeah, I was also there.’
Much to Sherlock’s dismay, John forced himself down to breakfast the next morning. His voice was still all but gone, but he was determined to get himself through the day.
‘And you taught Harry.’
Neville put his book down completely, and got up to sit next to John, bringing Trevor with him. ‘When I think about the powers you have, I can’t really think of someone better to have them,’ Neville said, plopping Trevor next to Dolly, where they both warbled happily. ‘There are lots of people that would use it for bad things, like spying, or cheating, but I couldn’t imagine you doing any of those things. I could only imagine you doing good with it.’
He took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave with it, extinguishing all the candles in the room. The Goblet of Fire now shone more brightly than anything else in the Hall, the blue-white flames almost painful on the eyes.
‘What are we missing here?’ Sherlock said irritably.
‘Fourth floor. Hospital wing.’ He took a deep breath and opened his eyes again. ‘Thanks, Sammy.’ He saw that John and Sherlock were still on the floor, but John had come around and was staring blankly at the door. ‘Keep an eye on them, will you?’
‘But-’
‘Nothing, since I was trying very hard not to.’
'You can alter spells, right? And you can chuck me across the room. What else can you do?’
'Ah.'
‘What’s a Pensieve?’ John muttered aloud.
John bought them all tickets from a sleepy-looking guard, and they were soon on the tube, rattling towards central London. John sighed. The familiarity, and strangely normal feeling of sitting on the train soothed him. It had been a while since he’d gone on the underground, the last time had been just before third year, when he’d gone to King’s Cross by himself to catch the Hogwarts Express.
and continued.
‘Well, put it this way, it’ll make Eloise Midgeon’s acne look like a couple of cute freckles.’
Mr Weasley grabbed it, unfolded it and read it aloud.
‘But you told us Professor Vector-‘
See you next time!
'Paying?' Harry said blankly. 'Well – why shouldn't he be paid?'
‘Don’t worry, I’ll help you focus for the hearing.’
‘Wait, wait, go back to that first thing?’
‘That’s the spirit,’ Dean laughed.
‘Excellent,’ said Mycroft. ‘I trust we won’t be forced through this mockery again, Minister? Very good.’ Mycroft turned on his heel, closely followed by John, who was more than happy to leave the chains behind, and swept from the dungeon.
‘We’ve got at least until after the World Cup. He’s not going to do anything until then…’ John trailed off.
‘What did you see?’ he asked.
he heard Sherlock whisper in the back of his mind. He was too tired to send anything back, but he wanted to stay.
Cas nodded.
'Why do you have to make it stop?'
They walked slowly towards the Hall, Dean watching Cas's face the entire time and taking it at his own pace.
Cas blinked. ‘All right.’ He abruptly got to his feet and started towards the dormitory. ‘Goodnight.’
Something large, much larger than a broomstick – or even a hundred broomsticks – was hurtling across the deep blue sky, growing larger by the second.
‘Look at me, John,’ Sherlock said. ‘I’m here. Just focus.’
'You missed dinner,’ Dean said, putting a comforting hand at Cas's back.
‘Knows what?’ said Ron, leaning forwards.
Dean smiled. ‘Okay, do you want me to count down?’
'Maybe…'
‘Okay.’ He let Cas walk away, then made his way up to History of Magic, just in time to catch the last few minutes of Professor Binns’ droning lecture.
‘What?’ Cas pulled his coat off and said, ‘Damn,’ at the blood that had seeped through his shirt, beige sweater vest and his coat.
‘But Travers and Mulciber, we have,’ said Mr Crouch. ‘Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide - ‘
Cas nodded, making an effort to steady his breathing.
‘It’s just to make sure your wand is in fighting condition for the tournament,’ Bagman said breezily.
The jar was still glowing faintly, but Cas picked it up and tucked it back into his pocket.
Dean looked aghast. ‘What? Why not?’
‘Ah – right – certainly –‘ Mr Weasley retreated a short distance from the cottage. ‘Help me, Dean,’ he muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from his pocket and starting to peel the notes apart.
Harry finished describing how he had seen the attack, and Dumbledore conjured more chairs for all of them.
‘Oh, hello, Neville,’ he said.
‘Will you come and watch me at Quidditch practice tomorrow?’
John slept fitfully and woke the next morning to find Sherlock holding his hand in his sleep. He gently pulled it away and gazed at Sherlock’s sleeping face. It was more peaceful than he ever looked during the day.
Cas nodded and stood up, placing the jar on the desk and stepping away from it. He raised an arm and focused entirely on the jar. His eyes glowed slightly, and there was a faint, high-pitched whine. He then lowered his arm and blinked. Nothing had happened.
‘These are all letters from other Seers?’ John said in surprise. There must have been about twenty of them. ‘How did you even find this many?’
'He says that counter-jinxes are improperly named,' Hermione said promptly. 'He says "counter-jinx" is just a name people give their jinxes when they want to make them sound more acceptable.
Dumbledore shook his head, then addressed a couple of the many portraits on the wall.
‘Yeah, better not miss that,’ Dean laughed. ‘Come visit us in the summer, okay?’
‘-The only remedy is to take the liver of a toad, bind it tight around your throat, stand naked at the full moon in a barrel of eels’ eyes-’
‘Nothing much,’ John shrugged. ‘You?’
‘No reason… If you do ever see something, you won’t tell anyone, will you?’
She smiled again, but John saw her glance at the picture of his father on the wall.
Dean dug through the bag of ingredients he'd brought out. 'Looks like we can do… Common Poisons Antidote. I've got a nice Bezoar you can crush up.'
“‘Third regurgitating public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, kindly investigate immediately.” This is getting ridiculous…’
The door in the corner opened, and Ludo Bagman walked into the room.
was sat in the chair. It had dark, raw skin and floppy limbs, but the worst part was the face. Scaled, flat, and noseless, it looked more snake than human.
Sherlock just reached up to scratch Fawkes on the neck.
‘Supercool,’ said Lee Jordan, sliding into the seat beside George. ‘We had him this afternoon,’ he told them.
‘Cave must’ve been cramped,’ said Ron.
His voice helped John bring himself back down to earth. 'I can't see it clearly,' he said in a stronger voice. 'But all four of them were there.'
‘No,’ said Moody, taking a swig from his flask. ‘Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. Summoned the map from my office into the Forest. He wasn’t anywhere on there.’
but it was so weak that Dean’s wand only wobbled slightly in his hand.
‘Sure you are, just pick a girl, I’ll help you-’
‘I’ve got to go, Molly. I’ve made things worse. I’ll just change my robes and I’ll be off…’
'We should tell Harry,' said John.
Silence fell between them again, Dumbledore extracting thoughts every now and then.
Then John spat out his drink, suddenly unable to suppress a laugh.
Oseus smiled at them. ‘You are both always welcome here, of course, and you may return if you ever need anything, but it is time to go back to the castle. You both need sleep.’
‘Yeah I know, but I’m sure she’d be proud of you. She’s not the only one that’s kind and beautiful.’
John took a deep breath, and lead the way back.
Fleur glanced at Cas, whose expression had turned anxious, and he shook his head slightly.
'Yeah, I am.'
Outside was chaos. In the e light of the few flickering fires that were still lit, they could see people running into the woods, away from something moving towards them on the other side of the campsite. Everyone else clambered out of their tents as well, and a blast of green light lit up what was approaching them.
Mr Crouch stared at them for a moment.
‘Is this because we’re going to be in the Top Box?’ John asked.
'It's a warning.'
‘They don’t exist, Neville,’ Hermione said tartly.
'Sure thing.'
‘Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this Tournament is not to be entered lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, they are obliged to see the Tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the Goblet constitutes a binding magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are whole-heartedly prepared to play, before you drop your name in the Goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Goodnight to you all.’
‘Oh yes, but they got a heavy fine, and I don’t think they’ll be trying it again in a hurry. You don’t mess around with Appirition. There are plenty of adult wizards who don’t bother with it. Prefer brooms – slower, but safer.’
'And you still can't heal this?' said Dean, holding out the hand that still had
'Okay,' he whispered, pulling Cas around a corner, so he was at least out of sight of the fireplace. 'Just breathe, Cas, you can do it. Control it.'
They joined the crowd around one of them, and Mr Weasley spotted someone he knew.
Cas said to her.
‘He left.’
‘Who do you think does Sam’s hair?’ Dean laughed, winking. ‘Not Sam, I’ll tell you that.’
Mycroft’s head poked around the door. ‘Come on, John, let’s get this over with.’
‘No, I can stay.’
John’s palms were clenched closed and slick with sweat. ‘So,’ he said, in a thin attempt at a light tone. ‘You have a date for the Ball yet?’
‘Dobby volunteered to return Harry Potter’s owl,’ Dobby said. ‘Professor Grubbly-Plank says she is all well now, sir.’
‘Yeah, all right,’ John said good-naturedly, pulling on his own gloves.
Cas nodded and sat up, and Dean began sorting through the food.
Cas shook his head, looking around the room. He spotted Hermione and a ghost of a smile crossed his face. 'Your handiwork?’ he said.
They sat quietly together, listening to the other conversations.
The door clicked open, and the Death Eater crept slowly inside.
‘It’s enchanted,’ he said without being asked. ‘If you buckle it around a stack of book, it makes them weightless.’
‘Weird,’ he muttered. ‘Why Mycroft?’
He didn’t stay long enough to talk anymore, and left to go to bed. Sam crawled into bed beside him and drew the curtains.
‘No, I don’t feel anything at all. Last time, I could feel that he was annoyed about something, but this is just nothing.’
‘Why’s that, dear?’
He could hear his mother shouting, but he cared very little for it, he just walked towards the front door. The front door slammed open before he could reach it, and the curse suddenly lifted.
‘All right,’ Sherlock nodded. ‘We’ll just go to Dumbledore and have him warn Mr Weasley.’
The shamrock dissipated and the leprechauns flew down and sat cross-legged on their side of the pitch to watch the match.
‘How was everyone’s summer?’ Hermione asked.
‘He said I’d meet her at the Ball.’
‘She’s trying to make out Hagrid’s some kind of dimwitted troll just because he had a giantess for a mother,’ Hermione continued, ‘and it’s not fair, that really wasn’t a bad lesson - I mean, all right, if it had been the Blast-Ended Skrewts again, but Thestrals are fine - in fact, for Hagrid, they’re really good!’
‘Oh… I’m… I’m really sorry,’ Hermione said in a small voice.
'No what?' Sherlock asked. John was getting hazy again.
Castiel was there too, and his presence soothed their pain, though not much in John’s case.
‘Where you going?’ Dean asked through a mouthful of sausage.
Umbridge's toadlike smile widened. 'Of course,' she said sweetly, making yet another note. 'Well, if you could just predict something for me, then?'
Ron hastily turned his laugh into a hacking cough, and John hid his own amused smile.
'Well, it's about time he had a bit of fun,' said Harry.
‘Crouch?’ Hagrid said blankly.
Hermione was sitting across from him and saw him turn ghostly white. Her own expression dropped from that of excitement to deep concern. ‘What’s wrong?’ she whispered.
‘Whatever you say, Sam,’ Dean said, the tightness in his chest easing enough for him to smile at his little brother. ‘’Night.’
‘Where are you going?’ John demanded.
‘Mhm,’ Dean said, heart in his throat.
'Of course she does.'
Sherlock was already waiting outside and grabbed John by the shoulders when he exited the classroom. ‘What happened?’
'Yes,' Harry said furiously. Snape had already given them homework, and Harry was meant to be at Quidditch practice that evening.
The room was quiet but for the soft thumps of the bottles being put down on the table.
‘Crouch is going to let him out,’ Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. ‘He's done a deal with him. Took me six months to track him down, and a Crouch is going to let him go if he's got enough new names. Let's hear his information and throw him right back to the Dementors, I say.’
It was a crisp morning, just the way Dean liked it, but just as stepped onto the grass, Sherlock and John barged past him, each of them soaking wet.
she said, horror-struck. ‘Here at
‘Well, time’s ticking on,’ said Fred briskly, getting to his feet. ‘George, Lee and I have got items of a sensitive nature to purchase, we’ll be seeing you all later.’
‘Actually, Sam, I’m feeling pretty awful. I’m not really up for any questions.’
‘Some kind of venom.’ Madam Pomfrey ran over to her cabinet, pulling out a handful of different potions, then trying each of them. Nothing happened, and Cas continued to bleed everywhere.
Cas wasn't at breakfast the next morning, and Dean was almost glad of it when he saw the headline on that morning's
in her hand. Her hair was tied up, she had a pencil behind her ear, and several glasses of water dotted around the room. There were pieces of parchment littering her bed and lap, and she was twirling her wand in her other hand, mouthing the words she was reading. John smiled and moved away.
'No,' Dean shouted back. 'He was sick earlier, give him a minute.'
‘Why? Wha’ ‘appened?’ Harry asked, through a sizeable chunk of steak.
John rolled his eyes. ‘No need for that, Sherlock,’ he chastised. ‘If I’d wanted to say no, I could have. I met her when she jumped onto my shoulder and didn’t want to leave.’
Cas looked him up and down and sighed. 'Give me your arm,' he mumbled, holding out his hand.
Cas shrugged, miserably pushing his uneaten, soggy cereal around his bowl.
‘I know.’
'But - last term all you did was tell me to be careful and not to take risks-'
(See the end of the chapter for
John groaned. ‘I won’t.’
Inside, an antient armchair was facing the warm fire, and Nagini was curling up on the rug at the foot of the chair.
‘We were in the Great Hall, but everything was destroyed, and I saw the Dark Mark, and-’ He cut himself off, thinking of Sherlock once again.
All the Gryffindor fourth-years began gathering up their things.
Sam ran down the ward, shoved Fudge out of the way, and slid down next to John. 'I can help,' he said breathlessly.
‘But we don’t know where Sirius is. He could be hiding somewhere in Africa or somewhere, couldn’t he?’ Hermione said reasonably. ‘Hedwig’s not going to manage that journey in a few days.’
His nose was red, and his eyes were puffy, but he still smiled at his little brother.
‘- and Hogwarts High Inquisitor. Let me see these notes,’ she said to Cas and Dean.
he thought. Visions rarely presented themselves without tearing him away from the present, and often with the added bonus of knocking him out. Some stars moved and made themselves more prominent until they formed the constellation Sagittarius.
Cas shuddered. 'Close your eyes and - and hold my hand?'
‘Tell me something I don’t know,’ John grumbled, sitting up. ‘You think breakfast has started yet? I’m starving.’
Dean grinned. Once the Ball was over, he was sure he could convince Cas to come out into the snow. ‘Yeah, he seems like he would like snow.’
‘A regurgitating toilet?’ said Harry.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to hhhelcat, fallingapartinside and OtakuElf for the comments! See you again next time!
Harry had not returned yet, so John and Sherlock waited a while for him, but fell asleep together in front of the fire.
‘Certainly, I am determined, Wormtail.’ There as a note of menace in his cold voice now.
‘All righ’, Harry?’ Hagrid bellowed back, waving. ‘See yeh at the feast, if we don’ drown!’
‘Do you think I’m going to let him hide you away somewhere, without me?’
The Fat Lady was fast asleep in her frame by the time they reached her, so John had to shout ‘Fairy Lights!’ at her to wake her up. She grumbled, but didn’t open her eyes, and just let them in.
‘Cas-’
‘He prefers to keep to himself,’ Cas mumbled. ‘Since my mother…’
‘Yep,’ said Moody.
‘Yeah, of course,’ Dean said.
He looked down and his breath caught in his throat.
yelled Dean Thomas, after about ten minutes. ‘It got me!’
John glared at Sherlock again and muttered ‘
Mr Diggory looked around at Mrs Weasley. ‘Sorry about this, Molly,’ he said, more calmly, ‘bothering you so early and everything… but Arthur’s the only one who can get Mad-Eye off, and he’s supposed to be starting his new job today. Why he had to choose last night…’
‘That was the hardest part, okay? Now, how did this happen?’ Dean encouraged.
‘Lose a treasured possession,’ said Harry, flicking through
‘Morning!’ Mr Weasley said brightly.
‘Thing is, most of the stuff – well, all of it, really – was a bit dangerous,’ Ron continued, ‘and they were planning on selling it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at them. Told them they weren’t allowed to make any more of it, and burnt all the order forms… she’s furious at them anyway. They didn’t get as many O.W.Ls as she expected.’
‘Oh, my goodness,’ said Hermione, suddenly breathless. ‘Professor Lockhart!’
‘Sorry!’ Neville said, hastily coming over to grab the toad.
Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colours, but all bearing the same letters: S.P.E.W.
‘I - I - It’s-’ Cas glanced at Dean.
‘Umbridge took my glasses,’ he mumbled. ‘She said I was cheating.’
‘There are plenty of eye-witness accounts. Just because you’re so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you-’
‘You got any better ideas?’
‘Come on,’ he said gently. ‘We don’t wanna be late.’ Then, to his surprise, he felt Cas’s clammy hand wiggling into his. He didn’t comment on it, and they walked in silence until they arrived at Umbridge’s office.
‘It was nothing special,’ John shrugged. ‘Just a nice, up close and personal look at one of Hagrid’s murder lobsters.’
Dean snorted. '
'What could the champions be facing, that's hot, will attack the champions, and Hagrid knows what it is?' Sherlock said. As soon as he'd said it out loud, he knew. 'Dragons,' he murmured.
Ron and Harry were already up there, but the curtains were drawn, so John took the opportunity to join them in sleep.
She put her hands on his shoulders and took a few deep breaths. ‘I feel powerful wizard’s magic,’ she said. ‘It’s blocking your visions and weakening your ability to control them.’
‘Fair enough,’ Ron shrugged. ‘Wonder what-‘
‘Then they’re idiots.’
'That's a good point.'
Harry shrugged. 'I don't really feel like sticking around. Hermione?'
‘What?’ Dean snapped, regretting it immediately. ‘Sorry.’
‘Umbridge said they’re dangerous,’ said Ron.
‘Nothing you need to worry about,’ Dean said. ‘You look better.’
‘Okay, John,’ Sherlock said softly. ‘Tell me about her. Tell me about Bertha Jorkins.’
‘How’s John?’ Dean asked Ginny, after a while.
you see?’ John asked Harry.
'I is not liking heights at all, Harry Potter,' Winky gulped, glancing over the edge of the box, 'but my master sends me to the Top Box and I comes, sir.'
Instead of smiling, as Dean expected, Cas suddenly looked exhausted and put a shaking hand to his forehead.
‘Are you sure you want to do this?’ Dean said, giving Cas one more chance to back out.
‘There aren’t any more of us in the area, are there?’ said Mr Diggory.
‘Yeah?’
‘It’s probably for the best,’ Hermione said sympathetically.
‘Hey,’ Dean said, lowering his voice. ‘We’re having our first meeting tonight. Eight o’clock, seventh floor opposite that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy being whacked by those trolls. Will you tell the other Ravenclaws on the list?’
Fred, George and Ginny where nowhere to be seen, nor where Sam and Dean, though the path was packed with plenty of other extremely nervous people.
‘Please, sir, I’m supposed to take Harry Potter and John Watson upstairs.’
Hermione?’
‘Hey, I know you don’t,’ Dean said. ‘I’m so sorry, I’ll make him stop bugging you.’
asked Malfoy. ‘What’s the
‘I think I could do with a cup of tea,’ John said, dragging Sherlock from the room.
‘No, thank you.’
‘That’s a core aspect of my personality, John, I would have thought you would be used to it by now,’ Sherlock shot back.
‘Might be a caution. Mad-Eye didn’t use his wand? He didn’t actually attack anyone?’
‘What’s wrong?’ John said, sitting on a desk.
‘I’ve seen the way you look at him. You should ask him to dance.’
A few days later, Castiel still hadn’t returned to class, and Dean began to worry. No matter how many times he asked Gabriel, he could never get a straight answer, and the one time he asked John to look, all he said was, ‘It’s private. Gabriel says he’s fine and that’s enough for me.’
‘He’s not so bad,’ said Cas, looking down.
‘Oh great, that’s really reassuring.’
Colin went pink.
Bill, Charlie and Percy rolled up their sleeves and ran towards the crowd with their wands out.
‘Makes sense.’
Anyway, thanks again to all of you. See you again soon!
'She's right.'
‘Ahoy there!’ Bagman called happily, plainly in a state of wild excitement, and trotted over to them. ‘Arthur, old man,’ he puffed as he reached the campfire. ‘What a day, eh? What a day! Could we have asked for more perfect weather? A cloudless night coming and hardly a hiccough in the arrangements… not much for me to do at all!’
As Dumbledore had suspected, Sherlock was already there, with John, Hermione, and Ron.
‘Do you still want to go to Diagon Alley today? Maybe you should rest,’ Sherlock suggested.
‘Oh really? What
John took a deep breath of the clear air, the heaviness in the house finally lifting from him, and he smiled, slightly giddy.
‘I don’t
‘Dean, please,’ Cas said with a shaky voice. ‘I don’t want to make her angry with me, I can’t do it, I - I -’ Cas couldn’t speak anymore past the frightened sobbing that had gripped him.
A similar sensation to when he’d seen the Dark Mark hit John like a freight train, only with more pain than fear. His mouth opened but he was in too much pain for any sound to come out. His fists clenched on the desk and all his muscles tightened. Then he heard Hermione’s voice, as if she was speaking from a great distance.
‘I think it’s the curse,’ John said to Sherlock, as they were walking around the lake one afternoon. ‘The crystal is trying to tell me something, but the curse won’t let it.’
John and Dean walked out, grabbing Harry on their way. Only Sherlock and Sam saw the forlorn expression on Castiel’s face.
‘Oh, well if
‘This can’t be a coincidence,’ Harry said, clenching his fists. ‘She knows.’
'She does.’
‘Kingsley Shacklebolt,’ he said, offering his hand.
The stairs into the stadium were carpeted in rich purple and everything had a golden glow.
‘My Lord, it makes sense,’ said Wormtail, sounding thoroughly relieved, ‘laying hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected- ‘
‘But-’
‘Percy’s enjoying work, then?’ said Harry, watching the Chudley Cannons flying in and out of their posters.
‘Well, Hagrid,’ Umbridge said loudly, ‘I think I’ve got enough to be getting along with. You will receive the results of your inspection in ten days’ time.’ She bustled from their midst, leaving the Slytherins in fits of laughter.
The storm had blown itself out overnight, but the sky was still gloomy. They all examined their new timetables at breakfast.
Dumbledore gave him a very sharp look, and John dropped his goblet.
Cas shook his head. ‘I want to come.’
Sherlock too paled and got up, running from the room.
John winced. He didn’t remember anything at all from his trance in the Shrieking Shack. Only the dizzying feeling of being somewhere else, far away, and Sherlock’s voice calling him back.
‘Think it’s funny, do you?’ Moody growled. ‘You’d like it if I did it to you, would you?’
‘This is definitely not like him, he would
He broke off, looking enquiringly at Professor Umbridge. As she was not much taller standing than sitting, there was a moment when nobody understood why Dumbledore had stopped talking, but then Professor Umbridge cleared her throat, '
The Hufflepuff table cheered, as did Dean, and Sam sat down next to Gabriel, grinning widely.
‘Oh, I thought you would be asleep by now,’ Sherlock murmured, sitting cross-legged on the end of Dean’s bed. ‘I just came to check on him.’
John nodded, stepping closer to Sherlock.
‘Professor Umbridge believed it to be a forgery,’ he said stiffly. ‘She gave us detention as well, do you think you could…?’
Cas put a hand to his head. ‘He - he made her do it,’ he whispered.
Cas didn’t look up when Dean hurried over to him, nor did he react when Dean pulled his feet out of the water.
‘I’m onto it,’ growled Moody. He pulled out his wand and limped off into the Forest.
John squeezed his eyes shut until it stopped.
'Oh,' Dean said, glancing at Sherlock, who had also noticed Cas's almost casual mention of his mother.
'This is good so far,' he said, 'but this sentence here is a little backwards.' He circled it, then Roger blew his whistle, so he handed the parchment back to Dean and flew back into formation.
Cas shrugged. ‘Dumbledore says the leading theory is that the first Obscurials were people like me - descended from the mountain creatures. They were more likely to suppress their power and the Obscurus fed on them, turning their power against them. But the more they mixed with wizards, the more the Obscurae adapted. They learned to infect young wizards too, but the infection will always mimick ours. At least, that's what Dumbledore thinks.’
He stumbled on the spot when he finally did drag himself to his feet, but continued onwards until they reached the familiar trees of the Forest.
There was a good deal of appreciative murmuring and laughter at this.
‘I can’t, I can’t.’ But he groaned loudly and held his head.
‘How did you know?’ John asked as Ollivander gave him back his wand. ‘My power hadn’t even come in back then.’
‘Right, but it would offensive magic too. Would you be okay with that?’
‘You too. Love you, Mum.’ He squeezed her tightly, then reluctantly let her go.
At las, they reached the very top and found themselves in a small box situated exactly half way between the goalposts. There were two rows of purple chairs, although a few extra ad been squeezed into one corner for the Winchesters and Castiel.
under his breath. He couldn’t see the shield he had produced, but he felt safer behind it.
‘Come,’ said the Dumbledore on the left. He reached over and grabbed both of them by the elbow.
‘Where is Nagini,’ said the cold voice.
he said, pointing his wand over his shoulder and locking Umbridge in her classroom, buying him time to disappear down the hidden passageway.
Sam’s face disappeared and was replaced by Dean’s concerned reflection.
‘Don’t blame you, mate,’ said Ron, looking alarmed at the very thought.
He looked at her coldly and said, ‘I see no difference.’
‘Cool. You want any fries?’ Dean said as he sat down.
‘You haven’t been putting the potion on it like I told you to, have you?’
Dean leaned closer to him and lowered his voice. 'Is this part of your -
‘Your guess is as good as ours, Hermione,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘But I’ll tell you this, it was Death Eaters that knew how to conjure it – I wouldn’t be surprised if the person who did it had been a Death Eater once, even if they’re not now… Listen, it’s very late, and if your mother hears what happened she’ll be worried sick. We’ll get a few more hours sleep, then we’ll get an early Portkey out of here.’
‘Sherlock,’ Hermione mumbled, stepping closer. ‘What happened?’
One hundred thousand witches and wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the centre of the Chasers.
shouted the Hat.
'What is it this time, Miss Granger?' Umbridge asked.
‘Sure.’
Eventually, Harry blew his whistle again, and everyone stopped shouting ‘
‘What, you want a list of all the stuff I’ve done, is that it?’ Dean said, gritting his teeth. ‘’Cause you’re not gonna get one.’
'That was great. Can we go down now?'
‘It is possible,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I would say - probable. Harry - did you see Voldemort?’
When they arrived, Fred and George were demonstrating some of their Skiving Snack boxes, which Hermione clearly disapproved of with loud tutts.
John watched, amused as they all tried to get organised for photographs. He was just pleased that he’d gotten out of Potions for nothing.
‘Would you care to explain why you were absent without my permission?’
‘-I arose, I settled myself before it, and I gazed into its crystalline depths… and what do you think I saw gazing back at me?’
‘The silver lime is quite picky, therefore not easy to find a match for.’
‘Yeah, maybe,’ said Harry. ‘John, can you...?’
Cas let go of Dean’s hand and knelt down in front of John. ‘It’s all right,’ he murmured, putting a hand on John’s shoulder. ‘Here, I can make you feel better.’
Cas ran his wand over John, muttering under his breath.
‘Well then, I’m sure I can count on you to keep these two focused on their N.E.W.Ts rather than this ridiculous joke shop?’
It was worse, so, so much worse that John had expected. A small, child-like
‘I’ll see what I can do after Christmas. You might be in with a shot, you know.’
what they’re after? I thought the chap was asking to borrow a pair of tweezers. Bit of a strong accent.
‘Well, if they end up having children, they’ll be setting a world record,’ said Ron. ‘Bet any baby of theirs would weigh about a ton.’
Harry hesitated, then nodded.
‘What does he want to see you for?’ asked Ron.
'No,' Dean said. 'Do you want to go inside, or do you want to go to the Shrieking Shack?'
enough, of course,’ said Percy dismissively, ‘but how he ever got to be Head of Department… when I compare him to Mr Crouch! I can’t see Mr Crouch losing a member of our department and not trying to find out what’s happened to them. You realise Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?’
Trelawney stiffened, as though unable to believe her ears. 'I don't understand you,' she said.
‘Oh, Harry, don’t,’ John said. ‘He’s just trying to-’
It was way too big for him, but he didn’t seem to mind. He wrapped it around himself and nodded. The two of them then sat down by the fire.
‘I’ll go take it off, hang on…’
‘Yeah, how
‘Why not? Bit of a change of pace, isn’t it? I thought you’d like that.’
Dean turned to Cas to make sure he was all right.
‘You… want to be with
Moody seemed totally indifferent to the less-than-warm welcome. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him, he reached into his travelling cloak, pulled out a hip-flask, and took a long draught from it. John suddenly got a strong taste of leather and cabbage in his mouth, which he tried to wash away with a swallow of pumpkin juice.
and a voice made him jump.
Dean blinked a few times. ‘How old are the books you’ve been reading?’ he said defensively. ‘That was changed decades ago.’
John frowned doubtfully. ‘That’s quite far away.’
‘Is Mum here?’ said Fred, turning to Sirius.
‘How is he so good at that,’ John grumbled.
‘You know perfectly well I only said that to shut Malfoy up. As a matter of fact, I think he’s right. The best thing to do would be to stamp on the lot of them before they start attacking us all.’
A hand appeared, groping around amongst the flames. A stubby, short-fingered hand, covered in ugly old-fashioned rings.
‘Professor,’ Sherlock mumbled, his eyes barely open. ‘We were too slow.’
‘It will be attended to,’ said Dumbledore, bowing.
Suddenly, John propped himself up on his elbow to listen.
The doors to the Great Hall opened and everyone streamed inside.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. ‘Someone under an invisibility cloak?’ he said.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to bluejaythebeautiful, hhhelcat and ams_park3r for the comments :) see you all next time.
‘Apparently he thought someone was trying to break into his house-‘
At that moment, John jerked in the stretcher, almost tipping it over, and whimpered.
As they all began to file out of the classroom, Umbridge approached Professor McGonagall's desk.
‘Where’s the new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher?’ said John, looking up at the staff table.
‘Thanks, Hermione,’ Dean grinned, rolling it up and putting it in his bag.
‘This is us,’ said Mr Weasley. ‘My office is on the other side of the floor.’
‘They’re not mind altering!’ Dean exploded. ‘They’re to replenish blood, he
‘Good idea. There’s a clearing just there,’ said Sherlock.
Dean puffed out a breath, then grinned widely. ‘Wow, awesome.’ Dean took a step closer to Cas, but Cas stepped back again.
Suddenly, excitement bubbled through him from Sherlock.
Sherlock dabbed at his forehead with a cloth. He could feel John's mind swirling, but he couldn't see what John saw. He didn't like feeling so helpless.
fix it –
he cried, holding his head. ‘What’s happening?’ Then he recognised the sensation and panic rose in his chest. ‘No,’ he stammered. ‘No, no, no, not again.’ He was yanked away from the room and fell through images upon images, none of them clear, and all slipping away too quickly. Drawn ever further, he couldn’t find his way back, until he felt Sherlock in the distance.
‘I do not allow mind altering potions in my classroom, Mr Winchester,’ said Umbridge.
'Yes.'
‘We will need a warning,’ Dumbledore said softly to Fawkes.
John’s mother had decided that they should go to Diagon Alley together, just the two of them, so her full attention would be on him. He had been glad of this when all the magic and noise completely overwhelmed him. They’d worked together to figure out everything on John’s equipment list.
‘Not yet!’ cried Karkaroff, looking quite desperate. ‘Wait, I have more!’ He was sweating in the torchlight. ‘Snape!’ he shouted. ‘Severus Snape!’
Dean grinned and nodded.
‘Yes, that - from You-Know-Who,’ finished Neville.
‘Krum’s all right!’ said Harry, as the climbed the steps into the Entrance Hall. ‘He wasn’t trying to jinx me, he just wanted to talk about Hermione-’
Cas was holding his necklace in his hand, but he seemed calmer than he had been before.
They walked slowly back inside, but the Ball sounded as though it were beginning to wind down, so they decided to carry on past the Great Hall and up to Gryffindor Tower instead. They didn’t say much as they walked. Sherlock allowed John to cautiously explore the part of their minds that were connected, familiarising themselves with it. Sherlock had to admit, now that he had stopped closing John out, that things were a lot clearer for him now, too.
Dean cleared his throat and gave Ginny a pointed look. She nodded and tapped Hermione’s arm.
The boy called Alfie suddenly buried his head in the crook of Castiel’s neck.
Cas didn’t participate in the Stunning practice, and sat on one of the cushions, staring into space while the rest of the group practiced on each other.
“You guys wouldn’t mind helping one more thing, would you?” Sherlock shook his head at that and put his hands in his pockets as he walked over to Lestrade’s office. John eyed Sherlock as he walked in, making Sherlock a bit more nervous. “I need you to go over this case file.” He continued.
Sherlock shook his head. “Mycroft, I-…” He couldn’t say it. He was about to tell Mycroft, but the words remained halted at his lips, waiting to be released. Instead, he just clenched his fist and looked down.
Jim smiled. “Good, Sherlock. Good… You’re getting back up on your feet.” He said.
Sherlock pursed his lips and looked at him. “Right. Well, you’re here now. Do you want to celebrate?” he asked, the sarcasm thick in his voice.
Sherlock looked at John and shook his head. “I’m listening perfectly fine.” He said. “I’m just not getting upset like I usually do when you get like this. Perhaps try talking like a normal person.”
Sherlock didn’t want to bother with it. He just put the phone away and flicked on the silent mode while it was in his pocket. “Never mind it, John.” He said, looking at the other with a weary-eyed expression.
Jim looked down at his phone, twirling it in his hand a bit as he thought to himself. No, this needed to happen. He hurt Sherlock. He brought it up and began to text his men the orders.
Thank you everyone so much for taking the time to read this. I may or may not make a sequel. Thank you to the ones that have been with me a while and have put up with my procrastination and delays. It really means a lot to me. I might also take a break from this, if I do end up writing a sequel, and get out a couple of my other ideas first. Still, I hope you enjoy it all nonetheless. It's really been an experience. With love, Felicia.
“How are things really with you and John?” he asked, looking over at him. He tried to deduce it from Sherlock, but Sherlock, being a master deducer as well, knew how to cover things up well, damn him.
"Don't you dare touch me.” John whispered, seeming genuinely terrified.
Jim made the tea and sat down next to Sherlock with his own plate and both of their cups of tea. “Here.”
He stood there in the morgue, the still silence washing over him. The morgue was closed at the moment, so after he turned on the light, he could see everything without any distractions. This is what he was missing. A place to think. A place for his thoughts to just bounce off of everything and deduce at his own will. He began to deduce these people and how they were. How they died and what their life was like.
That was enough for now. John needed to make sure that Sherlock stayed with him, after all, and didn’t run off to leave him again. John’s face softened and he gave a soft smile. Sherlock squinted and his cynicism filled up the emptiness that was beginning to fill him as a result of detaching from the situation. Still, this was nicer than that little blip a few moments ago, and he figured that he should just go with it. After all, that’s how it had always been. He just did what he wanted and John would pick up behind him, so it wouldn’t make sense for John to lead him astray. He nodded and gave a smile back, letting go of his animosity.
“And you know that no one loves you like I do?” John asked, his voice coming out sweet and relaxed. Sherlock nodded again and looked up at John, the fear in his eyes dulling as his smile widened in relief. He was just praying that the storm had passed. John broke into a smile and nuzzled against Sherlock’s cheek, “Good.”
Mycroft leaned down and squinted at Sherlock a bit, not saying anything. “What are you doing?” He finally asked as though Sherlock were simply doing something strange.
“You’re so bloody dense, I swear.” John seethed. “Do you even know why I’m angry, or are you really that much of a machine?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at how short and frankly dramatic John was being. He knew all too well that his protests were useless, John was just going to take them as him being rude and disrespectful, but he pushed on anyway, trying not to snap since it would only make things worse, “No. Tell me what you’re doing. Why are you going through my things, John?"
When Sherlock looked back up to give the pen back, Jim was on the other side of the slab, looking at Sherlock with a serious expression. “Come live with me.” He said.
John whirled on Sherlock, throwing the glass onto the ground and yelling to the point of his voice breaking, the glass sound of the glass shattering ringing through the flat, “Is that what this is about now? I’m not smart enough for you!? I’m never smart enough for you, Sherlock. No one in the world is smart enough for Sherlock Holmes!”
“He’s not a side-piece, John, I don’t have any sort of romantic affiliation with him. I went to him because you wouldn’t calm down, nothing happened.” Sherlock said, snapping a little. “Perhaps if you were better at being a boyfriend you wouldn’t have to be so insecure about me talking to an old friend.”
Jim walked in the room, silent as he stared intensely at Sherlock. He walked up and stood next to him, looking up at the man with interest. When Sherlock looked over, he just looked at Jim for a moment before going back to looking at the bodies. There was a mutual understanding between the both of him. They both were waiting for Sherlock to start making deductions. After a moment, Jim whispered to him, not taking his gaze off of them as well. “Tell me what you see.”
“From deduction?” Jim asked skeptically, even though his face still showed no reflection of his inward worry-wart demeanor.
Sherlock didn’t get much time to himself now that he was back. Cases were flying at him like crazy since everyone wanted their case solved by the ‘resurrected’ Sherlock Holmes and John took up the rest of his free time. He was grateful for times like these where he could just settle down and read a good novel. He was reading a Dr. Who novel. He often found himself enjoying things such as that even though it was science fiction. He noticed that the library wasn’t that full and, although it surprised him, the low hum of the natural noises was like music to his ears.
John looked at him and cupped his face in his hands, speaking with a cracked voice, “I would die for you, love. Do you remember? I was going to die to be with you.”
Sherlock cut him off. “Stop calling me that.” He said, his voice stern.
Sherlock just let a silent breath escape his nostrils as he looked away and went over to the crime scene. He had gotten good at that. Being as silent as possible, that is. Even when he was breathing, he wouldn’t make any sounds. It didn’t start at John, though. He had been doing that since he was an adolescent, mostly because ofMycroft. But even so, Sherlock thought he had escaped the mental grasp of his brother that made him do that, so he didn’t understand why he did it with John. He loved John. It was almost just as if he wanted to make himself feel as invisible as possible. He just wanted to detach, observe, and be unnoticed. Although with John that was never the case.
John popped the tops on the plastic dishes and inhaled the delicious scents of sausage and egg. Sherlock sank to the pillow and John took a bite of his own food first. Delicious. The eggs were soft and the sausage salty. The tomatoes were perfect and burst wonderfully on his tongue. He sipped his coffee and looked down at his sub, waiting patiently.
Sherlock huffed in irritation that he was going to be saddled with an
“You okay, mate?” The cabbie eyed him nervously.
"Wanted to."
“Seriously, though, Sherlock—”
Sherlock paused after the rapid delivery and tilted his head back, looking down at John like he was steeling himself for a sharp rebuff.
He grunted and sped up, slamming with every thrust. Sherlock stopped dragging fingers over his back and instead simply held on, letting his dom do what he wanted. John rocked them back and forth, gasping and panting hard. The normally quiet bed squeaked in the frame. Sherlock buried in face in John’s shoulder and clung to his back. John was intense and focused above him, fucking him like he’d never been fucked.
“So much for lines.” He muttered. He looked up at John and grinned. John took off his glasses and tossed them on the desk. “Was is it good for you?” Sherlock asked.
Jim clapped his hands. "Well done you. Having fun in the herana? I've heard good things about you. Seb said you make such lovely noises when you're being fucked."
That was the last thing Sherlock heard before he passed out.
“Sit down, John.” His voice was smooth and elegant and still he didn’t look up from the file as he rounded the desk and stood by the chair.
"Much."
“Yeah, not bad. Easy shift.” They sat at the cleared kitchen table, each tucking into the rice and noodles. Neither man said much, as John hadn’t even realized how hungry he was until he had food in his mouth. By the way Sherlock was shoveling rice, he felt the same. After they finished, they both brought the plates to the sink. “Sofa?” John suggested. “Let’s clean up later.”
"Someone else? Who were you aiming for?" The officer looked around. No one else was taking this shortcut. Of course Greg and Sally were hiding low. Sherlock, the bastard, was huddled out of sight at John's side and laughing silently into his scarf as his flatmate got shouted by the officer.
“I’m afraid so.”
"He doesn't make sense. The reindeer, the flying, the bloody logistics of it all are completely impossible!"
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "After such a short time‒?"
“How did you get put in jail?” John asked.
“John.”
“Um…uh….”
“There’s a biohazard bin above the fridge. Can you put the blood in the rack on the top shelf?”
"Just a splash of milk for me, Johnny." Jim said. John gulped and did as instructed, then passed that cup and saucer over as well. He stared at the floor the whole time. Had he looked up, he would see the disgust in Mycroft's eyes. Not for him and his state, but for the way Moriarty treated his concubines.
John bent forward and slipped himself into his sub’s hot body. Sherlock threw his head back into the pillows, eyes closed, hooking his ankles together and lifting up to meet John’s thrusts. He clenched his teeth and dug his nails into John’s back in blissful joy as the doctor grunted and changed angles, ramming hard into him in a delicious way that Sherlock registered on some level would make his dom’s back sore the next day. His brain was too blown on happiness and sex to do anything about it and he smiled at each thrust. He dug his nails up and down John’s back in delight.
Sherlock asks John and important question, and they continue to experiment--literally--in the bedroom.
“John?” Lestrade asked.
He nodded.
"Did he vomit? Blood anywhere? Fainting?"
"Hey, guys." He walked towards the freshly filled coffee pot, trying not to stare too obviously. Sherlock was on his knees on the bunched up rug beside the stove. He had a cup of coffee in his hand and was wearing an unfamiliar wrinkled blue Tshirt and some loose cream-colored pajama bottoms. Greg wondered where on earth he'd found them before realizing that they were likely John's. The detective looked a bit haggard around the eyes, but he seemed content enough. John, in the same clothes he'd arrived in last night, flipped the sausages and held a piece of toast slathered in jam out to his sub. Sherlock bit off a corner and John put the piece on a plate, watching him with hands on his hips as he chewed. Sherlock stared at the vicinity of John's knees. Greg had never seen the detective like this. Kneeling. Being hand-fed.
“I…just need it. For experiments.”
He put he coil of leather aside and slid the plug out of his arse. Sherlock hissed and John kissed him. “You’re doing beautifully. Let’s go take a bath now and I’ll bring you off. Stand.”
The doctor blinked and John patted him on the shoulder before following his sub into the hospital room.
“I’m going to be the one spending time with Jim.” He shuffled the papers together, aligning the edges. “I don’t know what
“John is not ‘a lot’ of doms. Are you coming up to the point of this conversation or shall I guess?”
Sherlock glared at the people outside, hating them because they didn’t have to go to Hibern.
To his surprise, John just sort of…hung out at the flat for the next few hours. He had a book with him and he sat in the red armchair with his tea on the side table (that he had refilled three times, making a fresh one for Sherlock each time). Sherlock was on the sofa with the ice bag and his laptop checking his website. He could see John out of the corner of his eye and he was startled by how unobtrusive the doctor was turning out to be. Sherlock didn’t generally like people in his flat. It was his space and his work and he didn’t want other people coming in and ruining it or making him feel self conscious about it. John though…he hadn’t even flinched over the fingers or the eye or the general chaos of the place. The only other person in the world who didn’t care about his fondness for collecting body parts was Mrs. Hudson and even she had her limits.
Tears burned at his eyes and he angrily blinked them away before Lestrade could see. What the hell was he crying for? He'd endured far worse. He'd endured far worse without John in his life. He was tired, he was hurting. He hadn't seen John in three days and wanted to curl up on his dom's lap and sleep. Sherlock was quiet and he heard John say
“What did you do in the days before you were kidnapped?”
John grinned. “Because you’re too intelligent for your own good and you’re wild and naughty. You need to focus during punishment, and a repeated application of paddle to arse
John went back to his pallet after a quick wash in the bathing space. The herana was still empty. Everyone was off on assignments and likely wouldn’t be back until morning. He laid down on his pallet and thought.  That whole room was dangerous. If anyone knew that people—concubines no less—could eavesdrop on the King, it would be very bad news indeed. John was a frightened by his knowledge of the alcove, but at the same time, he was very intrigued. He could know things Jim didn’t want anyone but his most trusted confidantes to know. It was exciting. It was dangerous. He smiled.
“Don’t want to get up.”
“That’s nice.” Mycroft smiled. “Congratulations. It’s a big step. Though you two do seem very…compatible.” He eyed the crop pointedly.
now. A bleeding couple. Sherlock drew himself up. The moment John tried to give him an order he was going out the front door on his arse. This was his flat—alone—and no one could tell him what to do.
Sherlock smiled into his chest.
He went quiet then and glanced at Sherlock. "I probably shouldn't be telling you this." A softer, slightly ashamed expression replaced the bitterness. "Given that you're, you know…"
John couldn’t hide the smirk on his face when Detective Inspector Lestrade opened the cell and let a stormy Sherlock out into the corridor.
“Are you alright?” John asked, looking at him with a raised eyebrow as he relaxed back against the chair and put the box off of his lap.
Jim figured that was enough pushing for now. He could see Sherlock begin to close in on himself and, while he did want to pull out all the bloody information he could, he remained civilized for now. “When are you expected back?” He asked, looking down at his watch. 14:00. They had time, correct?
Sherlock could see the tension in Jim’s expression, though. The clenched jaw, the slight squint, it was obvious that he was biting his tongue. “Save it,” He said in a weary expression. “I know what you’re going to say.”
Sherlock pulled his head from John’s hands, shaking it like he might somehow shake out the negative ideas John was planting in his mind as he stood and strode quickly to his bedroom, slamming the door behind him, needing to be alone. He heard an indignant, “Really?!” from the living room and he looked at the door, knowing he didn’t have much time left before John came in and taking the moment to brace himself. The next instant, the door to his bedroom was flung wide and John came in with blazing eyes, making him realize that he had only made the things worse.
“Drug overdose.. She was killed.” He looked up at Jim. “That’s not what this report says.”
Sherlock shook his head, looking at John with a sort of exasperated expression. “I looked it up, John, and you fit a lot of the criteria. Guilt trips, chastising, dismissal, humiliation.. Even now, you’re denying that anything is your fault. It-”
“Out with it, Sherlock.” He said, his tone both harsh and teasing. Sherlock didn’t give him any reaction, though. He just shook his head and cleared his throat. “She wasn’t married.” He said finally, his voice smaller than it used to be almost as if he were unsure in his deductions. “H-Her ring. It isn’t worn or anything and it leaves no indent on her finger.. Also, there’s a mark on her skin right there-” He points. “And it suggests an outside interest if we’re looking at the angle. She was held down, but the bruise isn’t dark enough to suggest violence, but more of a... sexual preference.” He said. “In conclusion, the man is the killer because his is the only story that doesn’t add up.” He concluded, backing up to let them take in the crime scene.
He poured the water into a mug and got his favorite tea bag. It was an herbal relaxer, and he loved to just sip it while he did his daily doings. He didn’t have many things going on at the moment. No cases were in his immediate attention. So much has gone on since he came back. When he came back, that was bad. He thought back to it as he often did in silent moments like this.
“I got your favorite, love.” He murmured, smiling as he set the food down in front of Sherlock. It did look good. He sighed and just dug in, the food replacing the worries that were trying to fill his head.
Sherlock nodded. “I suppose.”
John shook his head. “No you’re not. Why would you be? You’ve got a back-up plan, don’t you? Your little psychopath on the side.” Great. He was bringing up Jim again. The conversations never got better after that.
“Fine.” Sherlock bluntly replied. He walked in and sat down at one of the tables while John went up to go get their food. He sat there and kind of just lost himself in thought. He thought about work and how John was treating him. And also about today when John was agreeing with Sally. What else did John agree with when it came to Sally? He was interrupted once again with John bringing over the food.
Sherlock sighed and his arms fell to his sides, mentally kicking himself for being so stupid in offering a hug. He was being too needy, of course that would put John off. Sherlock managed to pull up his smile again and watched as John left, wishing that he knew how to make the man happy. If he said one thing, he should have said the other. It was never right, but one day he was going to manage it. Not today, but one day.
Sherlock thought to himself.
Sherlock pondered it for a second, letting a shallow exhale make its way past his parted lips. He was right. He wasn’t happy. He knew what a gleeful feeling felt like, it was like when he got a level 10 case, and this wasn’t that. Even in the beginning, the relationship always felt… rushed- addictive, even, but never genuinely happy.
Jim smiled. “Of course I’ll stay, Sherlock.” He got one of the chairs and sat there next to him, content with his company. Sherlock was his now.
Jim watched Sherlock spew off the rest of his deductions. This is what the man needed. He needed to be challenged again. Jim then nodded over at the woman on the other table. “Her story.” He insisted, keeping calm as he stepped over to Sherlock.
They ate their meal in peace, not really saying much. Still, it was a comfortable silence. When they were done, Sherlock retreated to the library where he liked to spend his alone time. Jim would be off getting some case ready but here. This was his domain. He would just sit on the sofa there and just close his eyes and start decluttering his mind palace. He’s gotten better and sharper. Instead of everything being thrown around and careless, things were in the right place. John didn’t enter his mind palace anymore. He seemed to be doing better. Jim walked in after a few hours, looking around the place. “You know, I still don’t understand why you come in here and don’t touch a single book.” He said, sitting next to Sherlock. Sherlock looked up at him and gave a small smile. “It’s just peaceful to me.” He murmured. Jim nodded. He could understand why. He leaned back and put his arm on the back of the couch, prompting Sherlock to come in and lay his head on his chest. Sherlock sighed as Jim began to play with his hair. This was what he’d been looking for. It was the subtle intimacy that he didn’t get before. Before didn’t matter now.
“Come on. Let’s go get some Chinese from around the corner, yeah?” John said, back to his normal self. Sherlock looked at him and nodded, about to leave when Lestrade peeked in from around the corner.
“It’s a novelization of a telly program.” He said, barely glancing from the single-spaced page. He got used to being brief about his interests and not talking much about what he liked. John was never really interested in what he liked. He thought he even heard the other groan when he began talking about one of his experiences, but that went unconfirmed.
“Nope. Not her.” Sherlock said, looking up at her once before looking back at his book. Still, though, he spoke, the deductions running out of his mouth. “She’s weak, has arthritis in her left hand. That’s why she only picks up her books with her right hand. It’s obvious. Plus, she’s in a happy relationship. She wouldn’t put herself in a risk.” He said, a small, proud smirk on his face. John never tolerated his deductions anymore. He wanted him to be normal- and deducing things were not normal. He sighed and cleared his throat.
John stepped forward and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, taking advantage of the falter in his anger. “It’s alright, love,” He murmured softly. “It’s alright that you doubt yourself. After all, it’s just because you don’t know what happened. That’s alright. I’m the outsider looking in, and I can see things perfectly.”
Jim nodded. “Obviously. What else.”
In the library, Sherlock stood there looking at everything. Jim walked in with a slight smile on his face. “It’s a puzzle for you, Sherlock.” He said, going over to the table and sitting down. He observed Sherlock, waiting for him to see the first book he needed to look at. Sherlock looked at the book, deducing it and putting it back, going to the next book.
He deserves to be happy. He deserves to have some sort of peace. If he didn’t walk in on John putting the gun to his head, he would have still had his peace. Why did John have to attempt suicide? Why did he have to leave? There were questions he never thought he would be able to answer, and maybe John wanted it that way.
They arrived at the flat and Sherlock fumbled for the keys that were in his pocket. “Do you want to come in?” Sherlock asked in both a nervous and relaxed tone.
Sherlock looked closer and squinted. “He had an estranged relationship with his parents and his siblings never spoke to him. Probably because he was a drunk with a history of stealing from loved ones to get fast cash for booze.”
Sherlock sat silently, struggling to enter his mind palace for some kind of escape only to be dragged out of it with every violent noise in the kitchen. It forced him to wonder about the fight. How could John get so emotional over a flat that he no longer even lived in? He didn’t tell John to move out after he left. After a few long minutes when Sherlock had just been thinking he would slip under this time, John spoke up and broke his concentration again, “You know, it would be nice if you would just do what I tell you to do the first time so that we don’t have to keep fighting like this.”
John laughed a little. “Old friend? He tried to kill you! How friendly can he be? He tried to take you away from me, Sherlock. He did. Do you remember?”
The next morning, Sherlock arrived at breakfast right on time. Jim looked up as he saw the detective walk in and gave another cheeky smile. “Morning, Darling. Breakfast’s almost done.” It wasn’t as though Jim calling him Darling was in any way new, but this time it caused a little bit of pink to show up on Sherlock’s cheeks. He just took a seat and began to look at the paper.
And Sherlock just replied:
Jim let out a sharp laugh and shook his head. “Like a stripper?” Sherlock shrugged and tried to dismiss him, going back to his book. “You’re not special, you know,” Jim said, his gaze burning into Sherlock’s skin almost like a laser. “Anyone here could tear down my network if they wanted. Even her.” He said, pointing to the librarian. He knew what he was doing. He was provoking Sherlock to deduce. It worked.
Jim really wasn’t expecting a call from Sherlock in god-knows-what time in the morning. He sat up in his bed and ran a hand through his hair before answering the phone and giving a small little hum. “Well, well, well. Sherly Holmes. Is there a reason you’re calling?” He rang out in his usual sing-song tone.
Sherlock nodded and wrote on the paper.
John was out. It was just another day in the flat now that Sherlock, being watched like a hawk, wasn’t allowed to even mutter Jim’s name. It had been months since that night he walked out. He hadn’t done much of anything, really. He hadn’t taken any cases, done any experiments, or done anything else besides closed himself off in his room and tried to get lost in his head.
Later that night Sherlock sat in his flat, his hands folded in front of his chin as he lost himself in thought. He was in his mind palace. Things were different than before. It was still the same light-colored wood that made bookshelves among bookshelves, but the books weren’t on the shelves. They were scattered all along the floor and the table tops. Things had been scattered and cluttered ever since he and John got into the relationship. He never used to let John into his mind palace. He thought that showed sentiment and he wasn’t going to let his heart rule his head, but now John came in and out as he pleased, berating Sherlock whenever he disagreed. Even in his head, John hated him. He mimicked and mocked him. Just like always.
Sherlock looked at him and shook his head. “I’m fine.” He said, looking around the room as he struggled to keep his calculating expression. “Really, Jim, don’t get soft on me.” He said, smirking as he dismissed his churning insides.
“How did she die?” The other voice in the room chipped in, liking the pace Sherlock was going at.
He began to think of John saying that Jim was putting this all in his head. He knew that it was a load of crap, but at the same time he couldn’t help the self doubt that came with that sort of introspection. How much of this was he simply blaming on John when in actuality it didn’t happen?
Jim was surprised at how quick Sherlock was to figure out what he was thinking and put a stop to it. Still, he complied. He needed to take care of Sherlock first. Get Sherlock on his own before he would take care of John. But before all of this was over, John Watson would be six feet under, that he knew.
Sherlock began to think about John and his treatment of him. This wasn’t adding up. If sally equals bad, when John agrees with sally wouldn’t that make John bad? If A=B and B=C then A=C So why wasn’t that the case here. Why wasn’t this coming to a good solution? Why couldn’t he see John as a bad person? He loved John. This was so stupid. It wasn’t even worth thinking of. He wiped those thoughts away and looked off at the people, also ignoring the man next to him. Jim smiled sadly at Sherlock before returning to his normal predatory expression and patting him on the shoulder. “I’ll see you around, Sherly.” He said. This time, there were no verbal objections to the nickname as Jim made his way up and out of the park leaving Sherlock there by himself to sit and think about everything.
Jim nodded but at this point he wasn’t interested in the people. He was more interested in finding out what’s been going on with Sherlock. The man had left so suddenly the last time that they were together. He wanted to know what was going on.
The words made Sherlock tense. John continued with the name calling, each one making Sherlock scream inside of his head.
Jim Moriarty sat on the wooden strips of the park bench as he looked around. He was dressed in a black suit with red detailing and a grey tie that all fit to his frame perfectly. Just because he didn’t care for getting money or fame or any of that didn’t mean that he was going to allow himself to dress in a cheap manner. He looked around the park, searching for the familiar patch of curly raven hair before looking to his watch. It was only 2:58. Sherlock would be around. He settled himself and began to look around at all of the people, able to tell their life stories with a single glance.
Sherlock wasn’t fully cooled down from the things John had said, but he loved how touchy feely John got after a fight and how it helped soothe away that pain left in his chest from John’s words. He slowly held up his arms, looking at John with childish hope
This was when Jim decided to have a little fun. He gave a small side-smile and shook his head. “No, Sherlock. That was unacceptable. I demand you do it again to make up for it.”
Sherlock muttered “Four.” before taking another sip of his drink. This prompted a small smile from Jim as he put his hands up in the air. “Oh, so sorry. Well, you can probably see why having chefs and help around here would be… problematic.”
“He had two, no, three lovers. One of which was a male that worked across the street from him at the tailor shop.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m not ordinary. If I were, you wouldn’t be here.” He pointed out. Jim nodded, but still made a mental note of Sherlock’s behavior. The detective had never before felt the need to defend his actions so much or defend his need to be around someone. That was worrisome. Perhaps his pet wasn’t treating him as well as he thought.
Sherlock hadn’t expected that. He looked at John for a long moment before nodding and looking down. “Fine… I won’t.” His eyes shifted between John and the floor before fixating on John as he began to walk over.
“You can’t run from me, Sherlock. I know you. I’m the only one that will put up with you.” John hissed, "You're an embarrassment, it's why you've always been alone. No one else can stand you picking them apart the way you do because they can't handle your cruelty. There are times where I wonder why I bother. You make me feel so awful with the things you say... If you cared you'd show it."
Sherlock shook his head. “No.. I just don’t understand.” He said, looking up at Jim. “He wasn’t always like that.”
Sherlock sat there next to Jim in the den, the crackling of the fire filling up the silence that fell between them. It wasn’t an uncomfortable silence, though. It was quite comfortable. Jim looked over at Sherlock and cleared his throat. “Sherlock.” He began, waiting for him to return the gaze. “Have you heard from him at all?” He knew for a fact that Sherlock had. Not that he was spying through Sherlock’s phone. He just wanted to see if Sherlock would admit it. Sherlock just looked away and nodded. “Quite a bit in the beginning. Not so much now. Seems he’s given up. Not that he’d know where I was or how to get here in the first place. Seems he’s also got Mycroft involved, I’ve gotten a few texts from brother dear, but nothing of urgency. It’s not as though my disappearing is a new thing.”
Sherlock actually felt proud at that. He nodded and began to put the books back. Jim spoke up. “I’ll be giving you puzzles such as this until I see you be as quick as you were before.” He said. He just wanted Sherlock to go back to the genius he used to be.
When he got to the flat, he was slightly relieved to see it empty. That wasn’t good, though. He should be glad to see John. He sighed and went to the bedroom, changing into some loungewear before heading to the living room. A case. That should clear his head.
Jim shook his head. “He was always capable of this, Sherlock. It only got revealed to an extreme when he got possessive about you after coming back. You’re looking back with nostalgia. It’s dishonest.” He took a leap and put one of his hands on Sherlock’s shoulder. “If you need me, I’ll be in my den.” He said. Sherlock looked at Jim and paused, biting the inside of his lip. “Stay,” He managed in a murmur.
“Don’t talk.” John hissed in reply, tossing a dark glare at Sherlock before returning to his task, “Just... don’t talk to me right now.”
Jim saw Sherlock relax more and more, and he got more comfortable to put an arm around him instead of just on the back of the couch. He rubbed Sherlock’s hair and back and just soothed him. Sherlock eventually fell asleep, prompting a smile from Jim.
He got up, ignoring his member that was standing at full attention. He got used to walking around the flat naked because he lived alone. It was easier than flinging on some clothes. He got himself some tea to hopefully calm himself down. He thought back to his dream as another flashback brought itself into play.
Jim kneeled over the side of the desk, facing Sherlock. “Unlike him, I want you to think for yourself. You can do whatever you want, but something tells me you don’t want to go back. Am I wrong?”
Sherlock looked up at him, a snarl in his expression. John continued. “I’m not trying to control you. Still, let’s face it, you need me to do most stuff for you anyways. When we first met, I needed to make sure you bloody ate more than once a few days. I may not be your father, but you’re acting like a blasted child right now.”
Of course, Jim was watching everything. He looked at the cameras, listened to the audio as if he were waiting for some kind of clue that Sherlock was on top of his game. That he was aware he was being watched and was leaving some kind of clue. There was nothing. There wasn’t any Morse code or foreign language, or anything else that would make Jim giddy like he used to get at the challenge that was Sherlock Holmes. He’d been reduced to a puddle of nothing by that bloody pet.
“Sherlock, do you have to use that tone with me? You’re being kind of an arse.” John said, his arms crossed as he eyed Sherlock with judgment in his eyes.  “Seriously, you call her stupid, but Sally’s right. You are rude.”
John nodded and looked at him, “So don’t say that I don’t love you. I love you more than anything in this world.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, pouring passion into it to force him to respond equally, and when Sherlock failed to reciprocate, John pulled back again.
Jim’s playful demeanor immediately fell, and he leaned forward onto his knees. Oh, this wasn’t good at all, was it? No. He knew Sherlock, and he could obviously hear something in his voice. “My men are on their way,” He said knowingly, the slightest feeling in the pit of his stomach that his hatred of the pet Sherlock clung to was only going to grow more after this.
Sherlock was improving. Jim could see it. He could see how relaxed the detective was getting around him. He even began to notice miniscule affections being attempted. Nothing that Sherlock would admit to, of course, but affections nonetheless. Jim even noticed Sherlock getting more attached to him, and god he was not complaining.
John shook his head. “Of course. It’s always my fault, isn’t it? I care about you so much, Sherlock. So much. And this is how you treat me.”
Jim smiled fondly. “Didn’t think you’d be into that sort of thing.” He commented, looking at the book. He spoke again, trying to tease him to the point where he would talk to him. “Nerd.” Sherlock huffed a little but still his eyes never left the page. Why should they? Because Jim decides now is the time to be annoying? No. He hardly had time to himself. He was going to enjoy this. When Jim got no response, he complained. “Oh, come on. Sherly. I’ve missed you.” Sherlock’s interest almost peaked so he could correct him on the nickname, but that’s what he wants. So he just gave no reaction, leaving Jim to stir in his own juices. “Talk to me,” Jim continued, determined to get Sherlock to talk to him. “I’m bored.”
He began to think of everything. He wondered what John was doing at the moment. It had only been a few weeks, but he hadn’t heard from John or even gotten the usual spew of texts. Perhaps John really was done with him. He thought back to when he first met the man, before he had faked his death when John was action packed and fiercely loyal. Maybe he still was and Sherlock was just letting things get in the way. He was beginning to get lost in his head.
“Then stop trying to fix me. No one’s making you.” His voice was flat. Now, when he was shouted at, he just checked John’s logic back at him, deflecting any sort of attempts at manipulation. He could see them now. He hated how obvious they were.
“Yes John.” Sherlock whispered, his voice small.
“John, allow me to propose something,” He said. “Have you ever thought of the possibility of there being some sort of emotional abuse happening on your end?” He thought back to what Jim said at the park, his mind beginning to put two and two together.
“Jim. Right,” John chuckled a little. “Of course you were with him. Tell me, did he fuck you real good? Hm?” He looked at Sherlock with a fearless expression. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he shook his head. “What? John, no.” He stammered out, the anger from the previous night returning. Still, he just got over a fight. Best not cause another one, if he could stop it. John saw this, and he just shook his head. “You’re not seeing him again.”
“Just say yes.” John said, sitting in the cab and resting against him. Sherlock sighed as John’s head nestled against his shoulder.
Sherlock didn’t know how to answer. Did he say that he was at Jim’s or just make up something else? Before he could answer, the falter in his expression answered for him.
‘That’s handy, but we only need a few books.’
‘Because I recognised one of ‘em,’ Hagrid growled. ‘Macnair, remember him? Bloke they sent ter kill Buckbeak? Maniac, he is. Likes killin’ as much as Golgomath; no wonder they were gettin’ on so well.’
John himself was asked to go by a fifth year Hufflepuff. He almost said yes, but then he saw Sherlock walking past, and politely declined. Instead, he steeled himself to ask Sherlock.
‘To send a letter to Sirius, so it might take a while.’
‘Just ask someone. Anyone,’ Dean said exasperatedly.
‘Sorry,’ John muttered.
Uuuuh so this one was a bit long sorry, but I hope you enjoyed it. See you again next time!
'You're such a
‘No, no, that’s miles away,’ said Mr Weasley, smiling. ‘We only need to walk a short way. It’s just that it’s very difficult for large numbers of wizards to congregate without attracting Muggle attention. We have to be very careful about how we travel at the best of times, but on s huge occasion like the Quidditch World Cup-‘
‘What - no, Mum, I can’t take this,’ John said, pushing it back towards her.
‘But what is it all for, if I can’t use it to help anyone?’
Cas nodded at the other side of the room and John turned around to see Dean walking past with a laughing Katie Bell.
‘The Ageing Potion, dungbrain,’ said Fred.
‘Who?’
Fred and George set off for the hospital wing, followed by Lee, howling with laughter, and Dean, who decided to go and visit Cas.
'Hey!' Dean called. 'Where are you going?' But Cas ignored him, so Dean followed him as best he could. He ran down several flights of stairs, but Cas disappeared through a corridor, leaving Dean spinning around, trying to figure out where he went. 'Damn it,' he muttered, then ran back up to Gryffindor Tower. He bumped into Harry, who was also on his way out with a letter in his hand. 'Harry, can I use the map?'
'On duty doing what?' Ron said quickly.
Cas forced himself to breathe normally, but it didn't seem to be working. 'Dean, I can't,' he whispered in a slightly strangled voice.
Dean slept fitfully that night, taking a long time to fall asleep at all, and waking at a sharp cry from John in the early hours of the morning. He heard Sherlock shushing him quietly, and John muttering about a snake.
‘Fourteen years.’
‘Okay,’ said John. He bit his lips and wrung his hands slightly. Fatigue was already creeping up on him, but he put a hand on Cedric’s arm anyway. Before seeing anything, John felt nervousness and immense pressure coming from him. Dizzy and exhausted, he lost control of his vision and fell into it completely.
'Oh yeah?' Came Harry's voice. 'Look behind you.'
There was a relieved sigh beside him and Sherlock handed him some water. ‘We’re at Hogwarts,’ he said. ‘It’s November, nineteen ninety-four.’
‘What do you think?’
‘No, sir,’ Cas whispered, shaking his head but avoiding Dumbledore’s eyes.
Cas shook his head. 'Sherlock will ask questions.'
‘Visit my other portrait?’ said Phineas in a reedy voice, giving a long, fake yawn. ‘Oh, no, Dumbledore, I am too tired tonight.’
‘Don’t worry, you’ll get one,’ his mum said reassuringly, gently rubbing John’s shoulder.
‘You just make it so easy,’ John smirked.
He was paired with Molly again, so they could continue working on their Flutterby bushes.
He threw himself out from under the table, deflecting the curse coming at him without even hearing what it was. He pushed his mother back down, tripping over the Death Eaters on the ground. ‘Mum, get-’
‘Arthur Weasley, injured, wife and children coming to stay,’ recited Phineas in a bored voice. ‘Yes, yes… very well…’
Then he moved on to Hermione, the closest to him. She was sitting in her bedroom, surrounded by books, with
Dean just laughed.
The Saturday before the First Task, they all met up in the Entrance Hall. Sherlock and Castiel were the first to arrive.
‘Feeling better?’
'You should go and ask him to dance,’ Molly said eventually.
‘Yes,’ said John.
It was chilly and the moon was still out as they set off. Only a dull, greenish tinge along the horizon showed that daybreak was growing closer.
Once she was gone, John felt slightly more normal, but the nausea remained.
‘Let me see that,’ said John, pointing at the letter, which Ron handed him.
‘Where’s Harry?’ Dean asked Ron as he sidled into Harry’s empty seat.
'Sorry, man,' Dean laughed. 'He'll tell you when he's ready. Probably.'
Cas groaned, low at first until it turned into a scream.
then spoke over the roar of sound that was filling the stadium. 'Ladies and gentlemen… welcome!' he said, voice booming into every corner of the stands. 'Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!'
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas rolled his eyes, but stopped pacing. ‘It’s not angel magic.’
‘Moody, old man,’ Bagman said nervously. ‘What a thing to say!’
‘So have I! said Ron, triumphantly, throwing down his quill.
Sherlock nodded hesitantly.
Dean was distracted until the last DA meeting before Christmas. He and Harry went to the Room of Requirement early, and were very glad they did. Dobby had taken it upon himself to decorate the room for the holidays and had strung up hundreds of golden baubles from the ceiling, each one showing a picture of Harry’s face and bearing the words: HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS!
'Hush, Dean,' Cas hissed, looking around nervously. 'Yes they did. They had wings.'
‘But for filth like this…’
‘Watch me.’ Sherlock took a handful of the glittery green powder, then handed the box to John. He threw the powder on the fire which turned the flames emerald. He stepped in, shouted ‘Diagon Alley’ and disappeared up the chimney.
Dean looked at him for a moment. 'Cas, do you need glasses?’
‘What? He’s not!’
'Listen, Dumbledore, I don't know what sort of school you're running here, but these boys are clearly delusional,' Fudge blustered. 'And frankly, I find it disturbing how you allow them to - to carry on together like this, it's not right.'
John bit his lip hard, though he knew he would be too weak to fight the vision off if it appeared.
‘I’m Gabriel, by the way.’
Dean shook his head. ‘He’d never do that. He had a hard enough time telling
'Come and stay. With me. At my house. I mean, if you want to.’
'Hey, you asked for my help and you're gonna get it. You stay here and rest, and I'll go get our stuff. We'll study here.'
‘Dobby has your owl, sir!’
John was caught by surprise at her name, and dropped his cup of tea as her screams again echoed around his head. He muttered angrily under his breath and waited for it to pass. Fortunately it didn’t last as long this time. When he came out of it, Mrs Weasley had already cleaned up his tea, and Hermione and Percy were having a heated argument.
They all divided up obediently; Harry partnered with Neville, and Dean with Cas, as usual.
‘Born under – what, sorry?’ said Harry, who clearly had not been paying attention either.
‘Yeah. Can we go upstairs now?’
'Help me cool him down,' he heard Sherlock say, and he was blasted by cool air from three different wands. A goblet of water was shoved in his face and he gulped down what he could. His chest loosened enough for him to breathe better, but was still extremely tight.
‘He’s got a point,’ Dean called from his corner of the room.
“No.”
"Oh, Johnny, Johnny." Jim shut the door and bolted it. "I'm so very disappointed in you." He moved to a side table holding decanters and bottles of brown and red liquid. He poured some into a glass and drank. "You've done such bad things to me." He threw the glass back, swallowed, and refilled it. "You've stolen from me, burned one of my homes." He shook his head at John, tutting as if John was a child who'd gotten into the biscuits before his supper. "It's very naughty, what you've done. Naughty behavior deserves punishment, wouldn't you say?" He sipped his glass.
on the floor and he swore at it, reaching blindly under the bed until he found it. 8:04 am. The light was grey and cold through the curtains and John looked at the empty space on the mattress the detective usually occupied. It was colder without his sub. The sheets seemed to have a gritty texture to them, bland and industrial. When Sherlock was here they were soft and sumptuous, warm and inviting. John sat up, resting his bare feet on the icy floor. The chill shocked him into wakefulness and he tried to pile his thoughts in order. That had been a bad one. It was short, as nightmares tended to go, but it was always Walker. Soldiers and civilians had lived and died under his hands, but his subconscious liked to dwell on the sandy-haired young medic. Maybe because he was there when John was shot. Maybe because John had been completely unable to save him. He knew there was nothing he could have done. Sholto had convinced him of that and Ella had confirmed it. But still, he couldn’t help the grain of guilt that still irritated, an itch forever under his skin.
The doctor’s tone surprisingly sent a small thrill through Sherlock’s belly but he pressed on with the deductions. “Knees, boots, fingernails. He’s a mechanic of some kind.”
John knocked on Greg’s office door. He was at his desk surrounded by a tiny mountain range of papers and folders and a paper cup of coffee. A phone was tucked against his ear and he beckoned them both inside. John had Sherlock’s leash looped around his wrist and they each sat in the visitor’s chairs, waiting patiently for Greg to finish his call. Sherlock’s knee bounced up and down.
“You seem to enjoy this.” John told him, unable to help from smiling back at his delighted sub.
“If it helps,” he began, “I once poisoned one of Sebastian’s stupid dominant friends.”
"I don't know." John said honestly. "He told me he likes me, and that's why he's keeping me alive."
Sherlock stood up and opened the flat door, pointing at the stairs.
John stared at him. “Do you have
"How much it gets rattled about. We dropped this box down the stairs last year after it slipped out of your grip and fell on my foot."
be happy with. Which was fine—John didn’t need to know.
“Yet here we are.”
Molly gave him a tearful hug and to his delight, Sherlock pulled him into an embrace. "Win." John whispered to him, hugging back. "Win this, you deserve it."
His dom side roared and he opened his mouth, nibbling the skin there.
“Hey guys,” John let them in and graciously accepted a bottle of wine from Mike. Betsy was in a casual black skirt and satiny pink blouse and Mike had come from work, dressed in a smart button down shirt and tie.
“Oh, that’s fine.” Logan encouraged, “please, we’re happy to substitute anything you’d like.”
were ready to go, cargo and staff loaded and waiting for the royals to arrive. At a signal from Greg the King and Prince exited the carriage. In the distance, some citizens who’d braved the weather and followed the carriage to the docks waved and hollered. Mycroft lifted his hand in acknowledgment and the people went nuts.
“Yes?” He smoothed his hands up the doctor’s back.
“Lestrade.” Sherlock cut off anything John or the DI could say. “John is still in Defense.” He sounded vaguely apologetic and the officer froze on the stairs.
Sherlock nodded.
"Mmm." Sherlock leaned his head back on the rounded tub edge. They'd each had a long week. John had agreed to take extra shifts at work, given that the case load was slow. Of course the moment he was scheduled, a really weird one came across Lestrade's desk. Both men had been out of the flat all week and barely had time to share a meal, much less truly connect. They were both looking forward to a hot soak and some messy sex tonight.
Sherlock peered over his shoulder and held very still as John wiped off the spots. He was deliciously warm under his shirt and John tried not to touch him too much. He wasn't sure he'd be able to stop if he got his hands on that enticing body. Sherlock didn't seem to mind at all and he actually leaned back a little towards John, clearly fine with the contact.
“Get your own bloody phone.”
"How far is yours? Mine might be closer."
Show time.
“There we go.” John murmured. “You pink up so beautifully. Such nice pale skin.”
“It’s not the sushi.” His voice was shaking and Sherlock blinked in surprise at him. John dropped down to one knee and reached into his pocket, smiling at Sherlock’s intake of breath.
"Yeah, he will be."
It was an adult roleplay site that sold costumes, props, lingerie and the like. The link was specific to school roleplay and featured tight-abbed models in Headmaster and professor wear. John grinned at the stern looking men and women wearing glasses and bearing canes. He opened up his bookmarks. He’d saved a similar site a couple weeks ago (specific to student outfits, of course) and had wondered if Sherlock would be even remotely interested. It was his wardrobe full of costume pieces that had inspired John’s search for role play (even though the wardrobe items were for cases), and he hadn’t been brave enough to bring it up yet. John sent him the link to his own bookmarked site and heard Sherlock click a couple times. They stared at each other over the tops of their screens.
"Y'know, Johnny," Jim leaned over to him, conversational and bright as they hauled Mot's broken body away, "you could've avoided all this. If not for your stupid vendetta against me, all these people would still be alive. It's selfish of you, Johnny. Just selfish."
“Good.” John fit the ball into his mouth and tied the strap around his hair. Then he picked up the crop. Sherlock was gorgeous, bound and bent. The firelight danced over his skin, casting him gold and orange. Saliva was dribbling down his chin from the gag in his mouth and the leather loops around his balls and cock were tight and constricting. He shifted on his knees, the plug up his arse making him feel very full.
“Oh yes.” Seb looked at him. “He didn’t tell you? Of course not. I’ve been texting him. Hundreds of texts and barely any replies.”
“Tell me something good.” Greg said.
flat. It’s
John looked at him, not understanding.
John Watson stumped along the busy pavement on a damp, cloudy morning in London. Passersby streamed around him on either side, occasionally muttering “sorry” and “excuse me” as they jostled him, trying not to get bags or leashes or briefcases caught on his cane. John had given up verbally accepting their excuses and he focused on taking one slow step after another, setting the cane down on the concrete, stepping, and lifting it again. Wash, rinse, repeat. Flashes of the war interrupted his daily thoughts. Not as badly as they did at night, but the roar of a bus or the shouting of pedestrians was enough to make the terrible memories of blood and death and violence froth to the surface. He’d force them back under and keep walking.
The case was, frankly,
landed just above his scapula and he winced, the sting seeming to electrify every vein and bone. Again John gave him a
“No he didn’t.” Mycroft said. His phone rang and he walked out of the room to answer it, vaguely wondering if he could get the nurse to give his brother a sedative to shut him up.
“Serves you right.” Dimmock snipped thirty minutes later, closing the jail cell door on Sherlock, who was still holding his aching arm to his chest. “Cool your heels in here while actual police officers go solve the murder. If you make bail, don’t bother pursuing this case anymore, Mr. Holmes, or the inside of a jail cell will be the least of your problems.” He left and Sherlock made a childish face at the door before he sank to the crappy little cot in the cell. Dimmock had allowed him his phone and all his belongings at least, so he grabbed his phone and dialed the one person he could think of to help him out.
Sherlock pouted and reached for John’s mug, intent on stealing a sip—
“Why do you care if I’m on the floor!? So what?” His tone was bitchy and he curled into the fetal position, grumbling to himself.
John's tired brain took a moment to process the questions. Nearer to the pushed aside food plates now, he caught a whiff of fish and cooked meat. His stomach was suddenly extremely unhappy. His throat loosened and slicked itself.
was the unreasonable one? Ridiculous.
“Really?” John said, startled. “Why?”
"I won't sugarcoat it." She said, looking at him. She had kind eyes. "You're a slave now. We all are. You do what the attendants‒all those bald ones‒tell you, and then you do what the guests tell you. It's best you don't refuse anything they ask or else they'll complain. If guests complain about you, you get beaten. Remember that." She paused and swallowed before continuing, her tone a bit brighter now.
“You, John.”
As John was Jim's concubine there was no way he was coming back to Sherrinford. Even if offered a handsome price, Sherlock was certain Jim hated John enough to keep him for himself to torment. Sherlock hated the sour, anxious sensation in his gut at the thought of Jim keeping John forever. Of him never seeing John again.
“Fine.” Sherlock raised the bed and John helped him slide into a sitting position. “Why can’t I go home today?” Sherlock said, a gleam in his eye. He held out his arm and allowed a blood pressure cuff to be wrapped around his bicep. “There’s nothing happening here that can’t happen at the flat. I’m surrounded by dull here.”
Sherlock jumped in, telling him about the texts. He pulled the collage out of his coat and showed him. Greg opened the envelope and looked blankly at the pictures.
"That's the spirit." John patted his shoulder.
“John Watson-Holmes.” Sherlock shot back.
That was interesting. Considering this was a contest, very interesting indeed. Sherlock wanted him here. He wanted John to stay. The doctor stared at his biscuits again, feeling stupid with emotions. He wanted to stay too. He wanted to compete, yes, but he wanted to see Sherlock every weekend too. He found he wanted to see Sherlock even more than he wanted to win the fabled cake stand.
"No." John said boldly.
"Nope. Observation. Am I wrong?"
John was already draining the warm water away and turning on the shower head.
“Alright. You asked for it.” He fastened his lips around Sherlock’s left nipple, grinding his tongue across the nub of skin.
"Do you not have mistletoe in Hibern?" Sherlock asked, surprised.
“Flunitrazepam.” He noted, looking at the sheet. “Two milligrams.”
"It will." John promised. "Come on. You need pain killers. Keep that towel there." John strode to the medical kit and yanked the bag open. The cameras followed. He pulled gloves on and took Sherlock's hand. He tossed the towel aside and found a bottle of antiseptic. "This might sting a bit, mate." He warned. Sherlock nodded and John cleaned the cut. He clenched his jaw at the pain but didn't make a sound and John wrapped a blue bandage around the slice. "There, feel okay?"
“My arm is fine.” Sherlock growled.
“Oh thank you!”
“It is a bit, but that doesn’t mean it’s wrong to be interested.”
” He smiled, trying to look encouraging. “Basics. We’ve been kind of just feeling each other out, but we could do more—kneeling, cuddling, maybe I could give you some orders—”
John froze. "Oh?" He said, forcing politeness.
“Oh, you’re getting there, Doctor.” Sherlock ran his hands up John’s chest and John hit him even harder, the sound popping through the air. Sherlock shivered in delight as the sting was stroked away.
"Fine. They're set up in the lavender room.”
“Jesus! You startled me!”
John tilted his chin up and looked into his eyes. The side of his mouth went up in a grin. “Still okay?”
“Oh for how long?”
John pushed into the flat with the shopping bags and headed upstairs. Sherlock was pacing around the room, case notes laid out everywhere and the wall collage significantly larger.
"Oh…ah‒okay..." John closed his eyes as Sherlock frankly massaged his head. His cock, already awake from the Defense, stiffened in delight. John heard Sherlock grunt in pain as he reached to grab the showerhead to better rinse the shampoo away. They weren't saying much. Both of them wanted to just go to bed and sleep properly. Once John was rinsed, Sherlock reached again to put the showerhead back, but John took it and did it for him.
He put the phone aside and stood. It chimed.
Sherlock frowned. “I suppose not…” He watched John carefully, looking for any hint of lies or illness. He seemed restless, fidgeting in place and looking longingly at the exit door. “Alright.” Sherlock said. “I’ll be back at the flat soon.”
Sherlock accepted the tea bags in his fist and stood. "Love?" He repeated to himself.
"Fancy a game?"
“What?”
He chided himself, signing a prescription form absently.
"I know‒believe me. You're used to your independence now and Seb didn't give you much room to breathe, did he?"
“So? I’m enjoying the view.”
Sherlock cleared his throat and punched out a text.
"I've word from my brother." Mycroft said to Jim. "All's well. Sherlock made it back to the palace safely and on time. I'll be departing once the new treaty is drawn up."
“You are not taking me in!” John pointed at him.
They were all gathered in the tent a few weeks later. Four people had been eliminated since week one, leaving eight, and John had yet to win Star Baker. Sherlock was successful with the technical challenges, moreso than anyone else. Mrs. Hudson had won Star Baker twice and Greg was at the bottom last week. John and Molly were content to be safe.
“Sherlock,” he paced into the sitting room. “We need to talk.”
“You’re okay with me sleeping here? I could take the sofa, or…I still have my bedsit for a few more days…”
She immediately burst into tears and ran out the door. Growling, he fell back into bed and grizzled into his pillow. What was the point of fireplaces? What was the point of anything? He would never see John again and Jim, that odious little fuck, would continue to do horrible things to John‒
“Ulgh—what the
“Open that door, and close it properly.” His voice was stern and Sherlock turned around and opened and closed it again.
Two days later, Sherlock Holmes' mobile phone ran at eleven am, interrupting a rather crucial moment in the transferring of a delicate orb of purple spun sugar to the top of a butterscotch cake. He managed to place it, pleased when it didn't crumble. He picked up his phone.
"Not hungry." He said.
“Not much.”
Viscontessa, hired hound, finger. John pursed his lips grimly. So Jim had someone killed and had a finger to show for it. It didn’t surprise him in the slightest. He wondered who this woman had been and what misfortune tied her to Jim. He had no idea what a Viscontessa was or did but it sounded like a title. He’d met enough self-important people with self-important titles to know what one sounded like.
Ahead of him, Paul and Mary were talking to Sherlock.
“Killing me won’t help my dominant.” Sherlock hissed.
“Eleven years.”
—a body slammed into his windscreen.
“Who’s is that?”
“Let’s find out…” Sherlock reached into the victim’s jacket pocket and extracted a plain brown leather wallet. He unsnapped it and carefully flipped through the sodden contents. Donovan came over with a few evidence bags.
"Christ, they have it bad for each other." Greg said to her.
John came back around and Sherlock stood a bit straighter.
“In Defense.” John said.
John stood up a little straighter. Bread was not his strong point. The dough never rose as high as he wanted it to. It didn't help that this week he'd been busy working double shifts and only had one night to practice at all.
The little voice was insistent and Sherlock let it speak.
"Nice." John nodded at it. "I like the top."
“Certainly.” She pointed it out and he went down the long hall to the toilets. He entered and found them empty, save a used paper towel beside the bin.
Sherlock shook his head in disbelief.
“I play safe.” John hissed, trembling with rage. His head was hurting now and he really didn’t appreciate this random person grilling him like a sausage. “I don’t go to those places anymore. People change.
. He would get over it once they returned to Sherrinford. He would forget all about the handsome concubine with the lovely eyes and the fascinating life who was amazing at kissing. Yes. Everything was fine. Fine.
Greg gave him a few more facts before they pulled up to a brick two story home south of the river. Sherlock stepped out into the air tinged with the scent of brine and walked around the front of the car. “Now remember,” Greg said, slamming his door closed, “she just lost her fiance, so be nice.”
"John! Sherlock! Glad you could make it." Lestrade greeted them and pointed out the food and toilets before he got called away.
"Molly!" The bald person called out and a young woman near the fire looked up, excused herself from the conversation she was having with two other women, and came over to them.
.” He breathed.
“There’s so much I can do with this!”
“Here.” John pulled his smartphone out of his pocket. “Use mine.”
Mycroft gave him a little smile. "The Treaty of Comity and Accord must be honored."
on the tall windows, drowning out all the traffic and city noises, the sound enclosing the flat like a cocoon.
"What happened while I was away?" He picked up another letter, his lip curling in distaste when he saw who it was from.
Sherlock huffed and looked away.
At his flat, Mike picked up his bleeping phone and read John’s message. He smiled. “Betsy!” He called. She trotted out of the kitchen and peeked over his shoulder, reading the text.
"Thanks, Greg." John went to the loo and washed up a bit. He didn't have anything clean in his bag and he'd brushed his teeth at the airport. He wasn't sure how much he'd sleep anyway. He dried his hands and slowly opened the bedroom door. He relaxed at the sight of his sub nestled under the blankets. He pushed the door closed and gingerly crept across the pitch black room to the bed. His leg bumped the edge of it and he knelt up on the mattress, turning his phone light on. He moved the blankets and melted ice packs and lifted his shirt to assess. Lavender stained his sub's back and shoulder. A few pink scratches were sliced across his ribs. Some other areas were covered by white bandages. Sherlock stirred and murmured and John dropped the shirt. He crawled up and lay down beside him.
John thought for a moment. The paddle wasn’t happening, that was certain. In fact, he wasn’t in the mood for any kind of hitting or impact scene and didn’t think Sherlock deserved it. He was still mellow from the sex and his back was sore. The less he could swing his arms, the better. He smiled to himself and thought of the perfect penance for his sub.
“This one is alive.”
Sherlock lifted his head as if coming out of a daze. "Mm? Oh. Wash my hair." He leaned back, dipping his hair in the water, his face close to John's. They stared at each other. Sherlock's eyes were stunning up close, all green and blue and silver ice. His lips were plump and dark pink from the heat of the water and steam. John looked away. Certainly Sherlock would take him to bed after this bath. He was clearly aroused.
“Hush. It’s a shame, really. You’re a pretty one.” He glanced over Sherlock’s body. “Such a shame.”
Sherlock whimpered and lifted his bum.
Sherlock picked up a little cake and took a huge, impolite bite. Powdered sugar puffed up everywhere.
“How long do I have to have them on?”
"The kneeling doesn't aggravate my back." Sherlock turned away from him and rolled his rounded shoulders. "The
"Yours are interesting." Sherlock said.
At this, Sherlock pulled his gown tighter around his torso like he was trying to hide. His posture straightened and he sniffed. "A concubine that Jim owns." His voice was soft.
“Your most royal of royal highnesses. The largest in the land.” Sherlock faced his brother and bowed so deep his hair nearly touched the floor. It was purposely sarcastic and Sherlock knew it would annoy him.
Six am? Sherlock looked at the time in the corner of the screen. It was pushing nine already and John was spending the night…Sherlock chewed the inside of his cheek. Would John let him go? He had more or less begged the doctor to spend the night and here he was considering buggering off early. But it was a case! He drummed his fingers on the desk. John would be okay with it, right? He’d gone on a case with Lestrade once, years ago, to Bristol. Seb had been less than pleased with his sub’s leaving to go off for days and days with a group of doms. He’d called Sherlock a few choice names that he’d ignored. He’d gone anyway, as much to solve the case as to spite Seb.
“Oh…oh…” He fell back on the chair and panted. “Fuck yeah, just like that—! Shit…keep going—oh!” His bum clenched and his cock spasmed and he came all over Sherlock’s big warm hands. Sherlock sat on his heels quietly, wincing as his bottom and thighs sang out in pain. A woozy sort of pleasure washed over him and he blinked a few times, his brain humming with quiet peace. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Subspace. It was back. He was floating again, that easy, lazy meander down the river around his palace. Everything was sunshine and tranquility. His back was aching and the sweat trapped on his thighs and bottom was stinging like mad. Bliss. His cock was still wickedly hard and he hoped John would let him get off too. It would be okay if he didn’t though. He could take care of himself later if he needed to.
“I lied.”
"W-what?"
John turned to him, riled and testy.
John came into the room with his coffee. Sherlock was in his green chair, his face haughty as he watched Mycroft. The USB was on the table…right beside the open lube bottle. Oh well.
“I was heading home before he kidnapped me.”
nicely.”
"Fifty thousand." Her voice was firm but shook at the edges. Her fingers trembled as she held the necklace in a delicate grip. She'd recently had a hit of meth, that much was obvious. The habit was brand new and Sherlock knew she wouldn't last long as a thief if she started down that particular path.
“Me neither.” They went back upstairs and John whimpered at the mess of glasses and dishes in the kitchen.
"There'll be loads of food." John said. "Appetizers, snacks, dessert."
“I can’t--it hurts!”
Sherlock snickered in his throat.
“Somewhere nice. I want to celebrate the case break through.”
Sherlock grinned. “It was barely a one.” He stole a kiss and leaned back upright.
“Here you are.” He handed Sherlock a bottle of Evian and he smiled again.
“Talk to me, what—”
"Can I see?" He asked. "I'm going to change the bandages, so those can come off."
Lestrade and Sherlock stared at each other and John got up. “Need the loo.” He said.
Mel said.
John unfolded the white strip of fabric and  slipped it up to his waist. He tightened it above his hips and stared at it. He was barely covered. A breeze would show him off to the world.
“No. He was dead. Thank God…” Molly looked at the covered face of the corpse sadly. “There was some mud inside one of his pockets.” She said, “I know how you like to run organic material, so I ran it.” He looked up at her in interest and she brought him to her computer and he sat down in front of the graphed results pulled up on the screen, “there’s what was in the mud. I thought at first it was just Thames grime, you know? But I figured you could make more sense of it.”
"Hey!" John snapped. "Are you listening to me?"
Greg held his hand up, palms out in surrender. He'd get Sherlock to his flat in one piece and make sure he was tucked up in bed and as comfortable as he could be, but that was it. "Thanks." He said to the medics.
She jotted something in her notes. “What brought that on?”
“I’ll get the doctor.” Mycroft left the room, knowing far better than to antagonize him. John smiled. He turned back to Sherlock, his eyes bright with mischief. “I didn’t.” He said, kissing his forehead. “I took a full dose last night. I just wanted him to leave.”
“Alright then. Let’s go.”
He gave her a tiresome gaze. "We didn't have sex. We just…talked. He's interesting."
The gnome tradition is real. They apparently do it in Norway.
John smiled, too tired to care. He laid down on the pallet and despite how thin and uncomfortable it was and he was, he was asleep in moments.
“He was a doctor in Afghanistan.” Sherlock told her with pride.
"It's my own recipe." He shrugged.
"If you were mine, you'd be meat." He hissed at the prancing animal. He braced his hands in the muck and shifted forward. His right hand slid out from under him, causing him to slide backwards to his elbows in the slippery mud. The moment he did, he heard a faint whistle and an arrow, long and heavy, slammed into the tree directly in line with where his head had been less than a second before. The shaft vibrated and quivered. He stared at it, shocked for a moment, before dropping flat on his back, sheltering behind the mossy log. He stared at the arrow lodged deep in the tree above him, his shocked heart pounding, deducing and taking in facts.
“I don’t
“Yes.”
though? He already had two and a half months’ worth of texts in his phone. If he was going to say anything, he should have said it after the first text. It would be pathetic to say something now, wouldn’t it? And honestly, it wasn’t that bad. It’s not like Seb was being violent. He was just annoying. He was always annoying. He imagined telling John, and his sad and disappointed expression. He grit his teeth. He refused to entertain it. Everything was fine the way it was. He finally had a dom he loved and who loved him back. Said dom was moving in today and he refused to do anything that would mess that up.
"Oh scheiße!" She dismounted. "Are you alright, Prince?" She asked, coming up to him. "Are you hurt?"
“John, I’ve just come to see how he is.” Mycroft held up placating hands. John was blocking the hallway, one hand clenched in a fist and the other clutching his gun. His legs were spread and he was glaring from the shadows. Mycroft took a step forward.
He broke the sharp head off the shaft. He put the head in a pocket in his cloak where it wouldn't touch his skin and slipped the shaft of it into his vest.
He took a shower and went about his day, and all the while the rude younger man from last night was drifting in and out of his thoughts. While putting a gallon of milk in his basket at the shops, he remembered the way Sherlock looked when he deduced, the look of genuine outrage on his face when he’d gotten John’s orientation incorrect.
“What?” Sherlock asked, narrowing his eyes.
to rile him up? He remembered the sofa incident and chaining up his ankles. Sherlock had provoked that punishment, was he trying to get more? Was he really
John whisked the mascarpone into the egg mixture, getting rid of all the lumps. Sherlock seemed to favor the fast whisking as well. Looking around the tent though, not everyone was taking the same care. Some people were using their mixers, and other people were coming up with a rather thick batter. While he was looking away from his bowl, a bit of egg splattered up and the drips catapulted onto Sherlock's back.
"John." She clutched his cold fist between her warm hands, uncurling his fingers gently. She was still warm from Greg’s bed. "You're freezing. How long have you been here?”
“Are you feeling it?” Sherlock asked.
want to and as hard as
“Lift your foot.”
Sherlock clenched his teeth at the arsehole's voice. Obviously he had been given a spirited mount on purpose. No doubt Seb wanted to see him struggle with it all morning. There were five of them on this blasted hunt, each armed with a pistol courtesy of Castle Chilgrave's well-stocked armory. The Gräfin of Saxony, Violet Hunter, was one of the five. Sherlock had met her through parties and various diplomatic functions and discovered she had a quick mind and an interest in natural science. He fondly remembered passing an otherwise dull evening with her discussing, among other things, mycology, unexplained phenomena and cryptids, and mysterious recent deaths over crystal cut glasses of Champagne. She and her husband were staying at Chilgrave to meet with Hibern’s reclusive queen, Lady Siobhan Glundub-Maolconaire.
There was a pause, followed by a burst of raucous laughter. John's head snapped up. No one had ever laughed before. This was usually the part where they would demand he strip off his outfit (if this knee-length loincloth could be called an outfit) and begin pleasuring them.  John didn't see what was so funny.
King Jim Moriarty entered the little corridor. He wore a thick, deep green cloak to ward off the damp chill. A gold crown was on his dark head and something‒John couldn't make out what‒glittered on his chest. He turned to face John and smiled. John felt very much like a steak being examined by a starving man.
“Let Mrs. Hudson in if she’s bringing milk.” He said. “As far as I’m concerned, you can tell Mycroft to get out anytime you want.”
The door opened downstairs and one of Sherlock’s ears twitched, listening. Footsteps sounded on the landing and he focused back on his wall. It was John, coming up slowly. If he had been stomping back up, Sherlock would know he was still pissed off. These footsteps were quiet and hesitant. He likely was regretting the shouting and possibly thinking of what to say. The door to the sitting room opened and a sheepish John came through. He glanced up at Sherlock.
That night, at approximately three am, Sherlock was startled awake by a desperate keening cry. He blinked a few times and lifted his head, looking in the dark bedroom for the source of the sound. The windows were closed and everything looked fine at first glance. It happened again, to his right, and he knew instantly that John was having a nightmare. His dom was once again crying in his sleep, thrashing at the sheets. His face and neck were sparkling with sweat and Sherlock’s heart crumpled at the horrible, desperate sounds.
John paused after a few smacks. “There now.” He rubbed the small of his student’s back. “That was a good start, I think. You’re nice and warm.”
“What stinks?!” Sherlock wrinkled his nose as the carriage rolled through a patch of pungent air.
John crept up to him and kissed his cheek. “Get in the bedroom and I’ll make you forget your own name, darling.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hip.
“Do you…” John rubbed Sherlock’s neck, staring at a spot on the ceiling as he thought, “want to kneel and settle?”
“The scene was a mistake, and this was only our first real fight. I’m amazed we’ve gotten on as well as we have.” Sherlock looked down. “People don’t usually get along with me.”
Sherlock looked up at him with worried eyes. “John, what are you going to do?”
Mike smiled. “Would you like to learn more about science and how life and death work?”
Something familiar stirred in Sherlock’s palace. He needed to get back home and consult his notes.
Sherlock licked his lips and glanced back at the door, listening. Nothing. He didn’t know where John was dumping the rubbish, but it was likely he would be back very soon. Sherlock carefully lifted the paddle out and eyed it. This must be the one he mentioned before, the one that hurt a lot. Sherlock knocked it with a knuckle. It didn’t seem so bad. He looked in the box again. More cuffs. Some sparkling chain and a padlock—
"Goat farmers."
"You do." He said.
“See?” Sherlock said. “You do feel like a tit.”
He closed the box and stood, tiptoeing over to him and handing over the bottle. He dropped to his knees and looked up at his dom.
And jammed the send button. There. That would put a stop to it. Seb wouldn’t even be able to write back since he put his number on the blocked call list. He typed up his entry again, scowling at the screen as his fingers slammed across the keys. After a few moments of this he shot away from the table and wandered to the window, glancing down at the street. Customers at Speedy’s, a few cars rolling by. The door downstairs was locked, right….? Of course it was. It always was. If he didn’t lock it or John didn’t lock it, then Mrs. Hudson would.
Sherlock pushed up and rubbed his hand through his messy hair. He glanced down at his shirt, damp with his ejaculate. The inked lines on the page were smeared to nothing.
“He didn’t walk back out this way?”
"Dying?" Mike glanced him over. His greasy hair stuck out every direction. His silk red dressing gown was hanging off a shoulder, untied and wrinkled to hell. A pair of white smalls hung around his hips. His long feet were bare. Dying? In the corridor, Sally Donovan lingered. Mike stepped out and spoke to her.
“I never said you did. I need to get you that sling.”
“A bit. It’s going away though.”
Sherlock smiled. He wasn’t in pain, finally, and if John was here then he was safe. He opened his eyes. The room was dim and smelled of latex and frigid air con. A window on the far wall showed a dark square of night sky, the city lights in points of yellow and white. Half a florist’s shop was arranged on the table on the other side of the room. A brown sofa was beside the table and on it sat Mycroft, doing paperwork by the pooled light of a lamp pulled close beside him. His suit coat was draped over a chair and his dark tie loosened. He looked up and when he saw Sherlock was awake, he put his papers aside and came to him.
"I love him, Mrs. Hudson." He admitted.
“I don’t think so.” John muttered. Sherlock didn’t hear him. He didn’t deserve tea, the rude arse. He could stand in the corner as far as John was concerned. In fact, that sounded like a pretty good punishment for a rude submissive.
“Because this is a police investigation.” Greg told him reasonably, “and Sergeant Donovan is a police officer. It makes sense, yeah?” He pulled his mobile out and put it to his ear, turning away from them.
"—No!" John said in a firm voice. “Leave it! Hands on your head."
the hell it is, I’m going to fucking shoot them!” He snapped, staring down the steps. His hands clenched into fists and he was breathing hard.
A bubbly girl named Molly was beside John and she was chatting enthusiastically about a strawberry chocolate something or other she was making. John liked her. She seemed kind. Greg, stationed in front of her and directly across the main aisle from Sherlock, was listening and nodding as he cracked eggs and whisked them up. He smiled a lot and John nodded to himself, pleased with his neighbors. Sherlock went to the refrigerator that they shared and John peered up, admiring his lovely profile and they way the lush dark curls on his head bobbed and bounced. He pushed the thoughts away and focused on zesting his lime rinds, listening as Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry wandered over and spoke to Sherlock about himself and what he was making (an apple and strawberry tart). Apparently the man was a chemist and was hoping to one day run his own baking business from home.
“No.” Sherlock said, tugging the sheet over himself. “No clothes.”
Sherlock stood there and watched as John wiped his elbow clean with an alcohol pad and pricked him. The vial filled and the detective smiled with satisfaction.
“Tea?” John offered.
. He hadn’t knelt like that in an age. His thighs were stiff and his knees sore. His lower back too was a little tight but his shoulder wasn’t hurting a bit and he actually felt refreshed, despite the tight sore muscles. He was sure the dual hit of subspace and domming was the only reason his legs worked at all. He swung by the loo to piss and clean his teeth, then headed straight for the coffee pot. A mug was already poured black and hot on the table. John took it gratefully and sipped. Surprisingly, paper bags filled with breakfast from Speedy’s were on the table and John smirked at the little note from Mrs. Hudson.
“Sherlock!” John snapped. “I can’t take you anywhere—it’s amazing, Betsy. Thanks so much for asking us over.”
Sherlock let out a small gasp. Yes, he understood now.
“Well, that was going to happen regardless.”
"John, that is almost four hundred million people, Christian children specifically, that Father Christmas has to deliver gifts too. He has to make eight hundred twenty-two point six visits per second in order to reach everyone! That means he has only one-one thousandth of a second to spend at each home and the sleigh needs to be moving at six hundred fifty miles per second. Per second! It's not possible and this isn't even taking the reindeer into account."
“Uh-huh.”
“You’ve gotta help me Mr. Holmes!” He shouted after him. “Everyone says you’re the best. Without you, I’ll get hung for this.”
Sherlock threw his coat over a chair and strode into the kitchen, hungry. John watched him move, all confidence and grace under that tailored suit and it was damn near impossible to not wrap his fingers in Sherlock’s curls and push him to his knees.
"What are you watching?" Sherlock muttered from the kitchen. "That's the fourth time you've laughed since turning on that silly thing." He dripped a pipette full of purple liquid onto a glass slide. Sherlock had heard the opening credits of the film, the jingling bells and word "Christmas" repeated over and over. He was hardly a fan of John's type of films, much less sappy holiday ones.
"Eure Hoheit! Sherlock!" He heard Violet's voice and galloping hooves behind him. "Oh!" She rode up to his rider-less horse and glanced around. "Wo ist er hin?" She said to herself softly.
and Sherlock shifted around beside him, humming in his throat and pulling John closer. The doctor ignored the phone and settled on the pillow, watching his boy sleep.
“With us.” Sherlock clenched at the sheets, feeling baldly brave and raw.
Sherlock nodded and pulled away regretfully, then grabbed a box.
“I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Greg showed his ID and Blair glanced down at it, still tense and keyed up. John stepped in front of Sherlock, guarding his sub from the other dom and Blair zeroed in on him. She was a good four inches shorter than John, but looks could be deceiving—especially in Defensive dominants. She put her hands on her hips and tilted her head to the side. John stepped his legs apart and crossed his arms, staring right back down at her.
“Stop this incessant melodrama. The Gräfin of Saxony will be there. That Rhineland woman. Didn’t you strike up a sort of…friendship?” He glanced up from his papers.
Sherlock shrugged, sifting through trousers. “I’m a naughty student. You’re Headmaster Watson. Punish me for some ridiculous transgression.”
Dub-con (nothing major) and mentions of drugs in this chapter.
With a put-upon sigh, like John had asked him to move mountains, Sherlock got to his feet. He shuffled to the center of the room and stuck his hands in his trouser pockets, tilting his head to the side, staring at John.
“It’s warm out, love. I don’t think you need that.” He nodded at the Belstaff Sherlock was pulling on. It was early July, and though not
“Yes, John.”
“Did anyone else there have a problem with your relationship? Any other managers or employees?
"Good." She said. "It'll be nice to have another one around. There's lots of injuries here. We're not allowed to leave the herana. All of us, thirty-some people are all confined to that sleeping area, the kitchen, and the baths. People get stir-crazy. Between escape attempts, the stuff the guests do to us, and all the fighting that goes on here," she nodded towards the main room, "you and I will always be busy."
did this?! You can’t just chuck people into the road! What the hell are you thinking? You’re a doctor for fuck’s sake!”
Fine. Stradivarius.”
I want to wish a happy belated Fourth of July to all my American readers!
The sub stood up, his heart fluttering all over the place. He scurried to the bedroom and grabbed it off a shelf. He squeezed the hard leather handle, the crop light and balanced in his hand. Breathe. He was going to get cropped—
Sherlock nodded. His eyes were a little glassy and distant.
John had selected one of the looser fitting button up shirts, a pale blue one, and he put it on him and buttoned it up.
John strode to the window and looked down at the pavement. “Lestrade.” He said. An alarm bell went off in his head. First Mycroft intruded and now Lestrade? What was with these damn doms coming onto their territory? John heard Mrs. Hudson’s voice, then Lestrade was coming in downstairs.
“Tender but okay.”
His balls were still sore from Jim grabbing them and everything from the base of his spine to the backs of his knees was one throbbing bruise. The bleeding had finally stopped. Everything was a grey fog. He didn't want to look at or touch anyone. He hated that he was so poorly clothed under the watchful eyes of two powerful kings.
“Who is Mycroft?”
Satisfied, Sherlock flopped back down into the pillows, stretching out like some great spoiled dog.
"So what?" Sherlock was genuinely stunned. "You slept there last night."
John did, wincing. Sparks crackled down his bad shoulder and little fingers of fire pushed up his neck. Molly had blinked back tears when she saw him this morning.
Sherlock pulled his coat off the door as John jogged down the steps before him. The sub looked to make sure he had his wallet and keys, and when he pulled the phone out of his pocket to check for messages, there was a blinking text alert flashing on the screen. Odd. He hadn’t heard it go off. He thumbed the screen and froze when he saw who it was from:
He grabbed his bag of crushed herbs, dried leaves, bandages, oils, ointments, and cleaning fluid. He was on medical leave but there wasn’t anything wrong with him that would keep him from aiding those who needed it. He looked inside his bag. He had plenty of everything, fortunately. Ages ago he cordoned off a space in the sleeping area to be used to see the sick and the ill. The whole room was one large space so there wasn't a proper room where he could tend to people. Privacy was limited in a communal space anyway but John did what he could to keep his patients content. Eyes followed him as he gathered his bag and went slow and stiff to his little corner. He set his bag down and opened it up, then held up his hand and beckoned his waiting crowd. A dozen concubines hurried over to him and formed a queue. Molly was on assignment with Greg again so Kate volunteered to fetch cups of boiling water for medicinal teas.
“I won’t leave.” He rested their foreheads together. “Alright? You would have to kick me out screaming.”
All kinds of emotions jumbled up in her throat but she couldn’t deal with this now. John. Where was John?
“I need to do a blood test…” Sherlock opened the cabinet under the sink, grabbing a vial and syringe and some gloves.
“My collar!” His eyes flew open and the heart monitor sped up as he groped his neck.
“Alright, then.” He rubbed the ‘scope against his sleeve to warm it, then set it against his sub’s chest. “Deep breath.”
“—it’s fine.”
Jim shouted.
They went silent as she supported his arm over her shoulder and helped him to his rooms. Sherlock fell into his big bed with a groan.
Sherlock stood up, the chair scratching loudly on the concrete floor. He’d had just about enough of this. Berwick got angry and killed his dom girlfriend. He clearly hadn’t gone into Defense. A ghost must have placed the knife in his hands. Open and shut domestic, too bad, so sorry. There was no case to solve. He strode for the door.
"That's a good tart." Paul said after a moment's chewing. "The apples are spiced right and the strawberry is delicious. Well done."
"Sire?" He said.
John got his first good look at the Prince and his brows rose. Holmes was handsome. He hadn't been expecting that at all. Some monarchs were blessed with a lucky birth and and not much else. Sherlock though had been blessed with this plus the physical gifts of high cheekbones, a svelte body, lovely hair, a gorgeous deep voice, and frankly breathtaking eyes. John wondered if he was married and following that, wondered how many lovers he cycled through on the side. Loads probably.
"Well they are!" Sherlock insisted.
“Oh.” A sort of pleasing warmth lit his diaphragm. “Thank you.”
Jim shoved him out of his rooms and back into the corridor in the earliest hours. John limped slowly all the way back into the herana. He passed several stationed guards in the empty halls but no one paid him any attention. It was dark in the herana and the big fire in the center of the room was banked. People were asleep and all was quiet. Cold tears tightened his face. Every part of him was sore. His knees, his shoulder, his throat. A sharp ache deep in his backside was worrying and he leaned against the wall and sank to the floor. White noise screaming in his head drowned out all thought. He was shaking and trembling and he closed his eyes, needing a moment to comprehend and process Moriarty's terror.  He put his palm on the wall to steady himself, breathing through his sobs. His palm print on the cold wall was bloody and he looked his hand, confused. Where was the blood from?
Sherlock shook his head. "That goes on top at the end."
“Hello to you too.” Lestrade grunted. “Victim’s name is Jeffrey Dixon. He’s a sub—”
” Sherlock wailed and hung his head back, mouth hanging open and moaning softly as strong fingers rubbed his head.
“Do you have suppressants?”
John kept stroking his arms, his sides, his hips. He squeezed his arse and rubbed his hands up and down his bottom. He’d missed this. Sherlock had only been gone a day but still he’d missed the warm touch of his sub. His hot skin and the little breathy noises he made when John did something he liked. Christ. He stared down at his sub’s hard cock, pressed up against his own rapidly stiffening one.
“The first thing I’m doing is kissing you.” John took the list and did just that. Sherlock cupped his neck and John squeezed his scruff. Sherlock kept talking when they broke. “None of them are far from the flat. I saw a couple different collar styles online that I like too.”
Sherlock stepped back and John found some hand cream and ointment. He tossed the items on the bed and glanced over his sub’s bare body in a clinical way, examining his nipples first. They were red and looked irritated, but the skin wasn’t broken or chafed. John looked at his back. Red marks from the flogger knots were spattered over the middle of his back and his shoulders. A few marks were dark and bruised. John touched them and Sherlock didn’t flinch. Lower down, his bottom was splotchy with pink and dotted with bruises. John ran two fingers over the warm skin and then leaned up and kissed him on the face. “What about inside?” He asked.
She gestured to the black and white image of the curling team. “Aside from professional athletes, no one else in their right mind would wear trousers like that unless they were training to be a cook. I should know,” she rolled her eyes, “I have a couple pairs of chef trousers myself.”
He binned the paper plate. He was officially bored. He glanced at his phone and saw that only fifteen minutes had passed. Dear Lord.
“You don’t mind?”
“Why did you stop?” Sherlock asked. His voice sounded more desperate than his pride preferred, but he didn’t care at the moment.
"Yes, John."
“No you weren’t.”
"Sit by me." She said in his ear. "I see Kate saving us a seat." They went to the counter and helped themselves to slices of roast ham, soft cooked carrots, and fresh seed bread. They sat and Molly introduced him around. He vaguely heard the names Kate and Danny and some others. It was loud in the room though, and he was so tired. He ate mechanically but once his stomach realized it was being fed, it roared to life. He put away three plates before stopping. It wasn't delicious food but it was hot and it filled his belly.
Sherlock blinked and looked away, fiddling with his gloves. “Do…do you think so?” He peeked up at Mike.
“Getting a bit tight.”
“You’re worried.” John said bluntly. “You’re worried that I’ll get bored with being a dom all the time, correct?”
“You got hurt.” Sherlock blurted, remembering the knife handle sticking grotesquely out of his leg.
After that, he called Mycroft. Sherlock hadn’t written back to either text.
“Okay then. Stand here for ten more minutes. I mean it. You
"Was that okay?" Sherlock asked after a few long moments.
"Great. I'll leave the door unlocked."
He picked up a book at random from the table and flipped through it, trying to order his thoughts. He so rarely wanted to be in the presence of another person that he didn't know what to do here. His stomach rumbled loudly and he froze.
The doctor laughed. “I don’t doubt that for a second, love.”
Five minutes later, he was humming.
In John’s six months four people had killed themselves. He prayed for them, not sure if he even believed God existed in this place.
“Yes?” John helped him step into the jeans and he pulled them up, buttoning and zipping and getting a grope on the bum and crotch in for good measure. Sherlock smiled and reached for the undershirt John had pulled out for himself. He slipped it on.
"Better?" John asked. He offered a pair of soft felt antlers on a headband.
“Do you have anything to say to me, Holmes?” John asked, his voice breathless.
“Could be the killer’s blood.” Sherlock mused, standing up. “Could be the blood of a previous victim. Dixon was Type AB. If the murderer is bringing his victims to the same place in The Broads—which seems likely given that the soil on Owen Allsopp’s remains matched the soil type found there…Molly, how many people have Type AB blood?”
“Thought so. You just added five more minutes onto your time. Now you’re back up at ten.”
“All the more reason for you not to break in to a strange dom’s house. Honestly, Sherlock!” He admonished.
“John Watson, you’re seeing to his highness Prince Holmes tonight.”
He nodded, even as his heart melted into his stomach and all the blood in his veins turned to fizz. Molly gasped and he felt Mrs. Hudson's hand on his shoulder.
It went on to list common suppressant medications and blah, blah, blah not relevant. Sherlock looked over at John again, standing in the kitchen with his hands braced on the counter. Doms in Defense over him was still a novelty and Sherlock was curious. John clearly was not going to do to him what he did to Logan or Coel, but Sherlock wondered just how receptive to him John would be. One day, he would do an experiment.
"Oh, John…" She stared at the blood on his thighs. "He's a monster."
“Hi Mike.” John said, stepping inside when beckoned. “How’ve you been?”
Bill Murray went up last and John took a deep breath. Something inside him, something bright and ambitious that craved adventure and justice was snapping piece by piece and now, with Bill's death, the whole thing would shatter. John just hoped for a clean snap.
“Hm…” John sank to the cushion, pulling Sherlock down with him. The sub gulped when John settled him over his knee, adjusting him and pulling at him so that his bare arse was right on his lap. “Very nice…settle…” John rubbed his bare hand over his bum and back and Sherlock grabbed the sofa cushion, clutching it to his chest. John’s warm bare thighs under his sensitive cock was nice and he could feel the doctor’s erection pressing into his side. He licked his lips and for some reason felt mildly embarrassed. His bum felt high and nearly obscene over John’s knee.
Sherlock tried to get Jim’s attention off of that. “You know, for someone as wealthy and influential as you, you seem to be lacking any sort of staff or help around here.”
Sherlock smiled at this and continued to stroll on. “It was nice. Thank you for dinner.” He said. John shook his head.
Jim watched the hangnail as well, but it was mostly out of curiosity for what Sherlock was going to do next instead of desperation like the other man. After a while, he gave a simple reply. “That’s not an answer, Sherlock.”
John couldn’t believe it. Jim. Jim bloody Moriarty. No. No no no. Surely Sherlock couldn’t be this stupid. His lips twisted into that slight smile that he only gave when he was truly angry and he looked at Sherlock with a brutal, erratic gaze. “Are you fucking kidding me, Sherlock?” He asked, his tone raising.
“We do have a maid though. She’s paid enough.” He placed a plate in front of Sherlock containing a piece of toast and some eggs. “Eat. You haven’t eaten in two days. Yeah, I noticed.”
Sherlock straightened his back and looked at him, setting the file down without so much as a second thought to what was in it. John looked pleased with that as he walked over and looked down at Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t respond, knowing that it was no use trying to fight with John. He would just sort through all of this later, going through the words said until he found a logical point in them and then throw them out with the rest of his unneeded memories. He left for the living room and sat on the couch, pulling his dressing gown tight around him as he glared at his lap. Very little got to Sherlock but one of the most unsettling things was when people yelled at him and didn’t give him a chance to explain himself. Lately, John had been doing it most and the increasing frequency was becoming unsettling.
Sherlock looked at her and after a moment, he smiled. “She was clever… Not as clever as you and I, but definitely more so than her peers. From the looks of it, she’s 17. After years of intellectual isolation, she began using her intellect to manipulate her peers and pin people after one another. She had careless parents that encouraged her to embrace her looks, not her smarts.
The first thing Sherlock did was turn his phone off. He didn’t need John’s texts now. As for his brother, he’d watch him no matter what. He thought about where to go. He didn’t want to go to Jim’s. Instead, he went to go do some work.
Sherlock paused, thinking about it. If it was unacceptable, why would he want it again- oh. It was Jim giving encouragement to do it again. He moved forward and kissed him again. This time it was different. Jim was reciprocating, and that made him comfortable with the fact that he wasn’t going to get scolded for this. He pulled back and looked up at Jim, just sort of staring and waiting for him to start conversation.
Sherlock looked up at the other. “I think John is emotionally abusive.” He finally said, avoiding Mycroft’s gaze as he did so.
John had a smile on his face, and he reached out to cup Sherlock’s cheeks before pressing a kiss to his lips. “Good. Now it can just be you and I. I forgive you.”
Jim raised an eyebrow. “Like what, exactly?”
“He’s fine,” Sherlock said, his gaze out towards the people. While he was trying to pay attention to the conversation Jim was provoking, he was also trying to deduce everyone around him, just to try and prove to himself that he could. He had been slipping as of late, that he knew, and he didn’t understand it. He needed to change it. Get better. He gave up and just looked at Jim with his usual, detached expression. “Why do you want to know?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” Jim said, a low tone in his voice as he took a step forward. “You know exactly how I’ve been.” He countered, knowing Sherlock had been deducing him. Sherlock nodded in response and looked at him. He then took his book that he had set on the shelf and walked over to the tables. It would be best if he wasn’t talking to someone else. Not at this time. John would get too mad if he knew he was talking to another guy- let alone Jim Moriarty. Of course, Jim followed Sherlock, sitting next to him in one of the chairs. “What are you reading, Sherly?” he hummed, admiring the annoyed look on Sherlock’s face. He knew he was far from annoyed.
John answered him by pushing him against the wall and pressing their lips together. Sherlock welcomed it and wrapped his arms around John with an appreciation he couldn’t quite comprehend. They stumbled into the flat and it didn’t seem as though they could get upstairs to Sherlock’s room fast enough.
He had looked into Sherlock’s recent life events, obviously, but the only dirt that he could find was that he and Johnny boy were now an open couple. He didn’t understand his interest in someone so ordinary. Still, he kept to himself because in the end it really was none of his business. Not unless Johnny over stepped his boundaries, which could very likely be an option considering the way Sherlock reacted from a simple text, most likely from him, last time they were together.
Sherlock didn’t care for this at all. The petty fighting and accusations, it was useless and immature. Still, he found himself getting oddly affected by it. He wanted to defend himself. Get angry at John for being like this. He just settled for simple, effective sentences. “Stop this, John.”
Jim chuckled. “You don’t seem enthusiastic.”
Mycroft looked over the two of them. While it looked like some strain was going on, it couldn’t be anything really emotional. He looked Sherlock over one more time before shaking his head. “Stay out of trouble, Sherlock,” He warned before walking out of the flat.
Meet me at the park tomorrow at 3 p.m. Don’t be late, Sherl. JM
“Why?” Jim balked as if trying to understand what Sherlock was confused about. Still, his voice was calm, unlike what Sherlock was used to. “Because you know for a fact that things are going to get worse when you get back there, Sherlock.”
Sherlock needed fresh air. He needed the room to stop spinning. He just shook his head and walked off without another word, leaving the flat without so much as a confused murmur in his place. He didn’t know where he was going. He sort of just began to walk until the ground became steady again.
A woman, 1.5 Meters tall, and a child, barely up to her hip. He had mental issues, but the mother refused to acknowledge it. Alcoholic. Widowed. Obviously. So typical. So
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He just needed to keep the conversation on one topic. “You can’t stop me from seeing Jim.” He said.
“Don’t you love me?” John asked, glaring at him with an expression that was equally desperate and loving. His gaze burned into Sherlock’s and the taller man looked away, unable to deal with the emotion coming from him. Of course he loved John. He loved John more than anything, more than he cared to admit, but he just didn’t know how to show it and John knew that. He didn’t know why John was holding it against him. He didn’t know why John held anything against him anymore, but he did. Sherlock was too tired anymore to figure out why, emotionally drained all the time with the effort of trying to make a relationship like the one John wanted work. He sighed a little and tried to speak although it came out a slurred mumble.
Jim shrugged. “I don’t need a big, dramatic comeback. You already know I’m alive.”
Sherlock looked up at John, his face dropping at the sight. There was no longer a warm, light feeling to the room. Just like that, the demeanor of everything turned tense and cold, and he even felt a slight churn in his stomach. “It’s Jim. He’s been attempting to contact me as of late.” Well, it wasn’t a lie.
Jim rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair. “Yeah Yeah, Cut the crap. I want to know how, so tell me.” He said, getting impatient as he looked around the library.
“I have your number, Sherly.” He said, smiling at him as he seemingly seethed at the nickname. Sherlock then walked out without another word.
“Ah, I see you got him to come out.” John joked, giving a smile their direction. Sherlock looked at John with a blank expression before turning away. This caused John’s stomach to twist slightly- what was Mycroft saying to his Sherlock to make him so distant like that?- and he walked over. “Now, if you could get him to eat something, I’d kiss the ground you walked on.” He put a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and rubbed comfortingly, causing him to actually relax slightly. He didn’t know why he found comfort in that.
Jim leaned forward so that his elbows were resting on his knees and looked at Sherlock with a calm, collected expression though his posture remained open. “Sherlock. Look at me.” He waited until Sherlock did just that before he continued to speak. “Now, you called me for a reason. I think, subconsciously, you know that this relationship is bad for you. I think you called because you were looking for some kind of first step towards a solution. Feel free to tell me that I’m wrong, but you don’t seem very happy.”
“I can’t believe you just said that.” John murmured. Sherlock felt something stir inside of him. It was the familiar feeling of being in control of the conversation, something he’d lost long ago. “Well I did.” He said, not faltering a bit. He then looked down at John with a cold expression. “I’m going now. Wipe those bloody tears.”
“He’s been agreeing with Sally. Calling me rude and inhumane. You know, just that sort of stuff. Nothing big.” Sherlock said, trying to both defend John and make it seem as though John’s actions weren’t worth getting angry over.
“No need to be snappy, Holmes.” Jim said, a low and warning tone in his voice. His tone then changed to a calmer, more curious gait. “What’s been going on with you, anyhow? You’re slow, predictable, and you’re getting ordinary.”
Sherlock just shrugged and kept quiet, not giving John any sort of reaction to feed off of. He didn’t even know why John was mad. Then again, when did he ever?
“Sherlock,” John greeted, looking up at his lover. Yeah, he went out on a walk that previous night. While he was out, he thought about everything and decided that no, it wasn’t his fault for being angry. After all, Sherlock was bloody talking to the very person that made him leave in the first place. What, did Sherlock just want to leave again? Did Sherlock want to put him through that hell all so that he could play his little game with a criminal that he seemed to love oh so much? He wasn’t going to allow it, and while he was out he decided he was going to do everything in his power to make sure that Sherlock didn’t die again, didn’t leave again just like he did last time.
Sherlock shook his head. “Like.. Nevermind.” He muttered, clearing his throat. “I’ll be in the study.” He said, leaving the room.
“They are like before. I know they are.” He said, looking at Sherlock as if that was the stupidest thing that he could have said. Soon enough, the cab pulled up to the Chinese restaurant. It was a nice, quiet place. Just a few hundred square meters. He held the door open for Sherlock and smiled as he stepped out of the cab. “Just think about it. Okay?” he said, not wanting Sherlock to argue him.
So sorry for not posting in a long time. My editor and I lost motivation and nothing got done, so I wrote the past three chapters myself. I apologize if they're not as good.
Don't call me Sherl. SH
“Hey, you,” John prodded, beaming as he handed Sherlock another box. “I’m kicking your arse at unpacking these boxes,”
Sherlock shook his head, his eyebrows furrowing slightly. “No, John. I actually did.”
This is dedicated to all of the people that have put up with my long wait times!
Sherlock looked up at him, shaking his head as a small, breathy chuckle immersed from his lips. “You’re right.” He said, stating the obvious without actually proposing that he do anything about it.
After denying Jim’s insistence of him spending the night in his flat, Sherlock left the little hub to go back to 221b with a fresh, thought out mind. He’d spent the majority of the evening in silence, simply sorting things out in his palace and going over all the details as if something would change.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked down. Jim sounded like John right there. He sipped at his cuppa, distracting himself. “Fine.” He took a bite of the toast, quickly eating. Okay, so he was hungry. “Thank you.” He said when he was done, standing and heading out. Jim cleared his throat. “Sherlock? Meet me in the library in thirty minutes.” He said simply, watching the other man leave.
Jim stared down at his phone as he twirled his cigar between his fingertips. This wasn’t good. Not good at all. Sherly was getting involved with this pet, and it was doing a toll both on his intellectual abilities and on his personality. He wasn’t even unlikeable anymore. He was just so passive. John needed to go. Yes, definitely needed to go. He contemplated it as he stared into the fireplace and lit the cigar between his lips, blowing the smoke into the fire that burned in front of him.
“You’re using Jim as some sort of scapegoat, and it’s pathetic.” Sherlock spat out, looking at John with a harsh gaze. Wrong move.
Sherlock just looked down at his hands, starting to pick at the hanging skin off of his thumb nail. He looked up at Jim and shook his head. “I don’t know, alright. How many times do I have to say that?” He was snapping a little, yes, because he hated having to admit that he didn’t know. He was Sherlock Holmes. He was always supposed to know.
Sherlock looked at him warily, but eventually he just decided his paranoia about John being on a potential freak out was just that. Paranoia. After all, John usually did feel better after a walk. He nodded his head and let a soft smile come to his lips. “Hello, John,” He greeted, relaxing noticeably.
Sherlock shrugged. “I expected you to jump out of a cake.” He said dismissively.
“Look at you, Sherlock Holmes, back on top once more.” He greeted. Sherlock stood up and looked at him with his usual calculating expression. Before he could respond, Jim spoke again in his usual sing-song tone that mocked almost everything around him. “Surprise.”
Sherlock nodded and after a moment of Jim not dropping his gaze, he squinted a little and pursed his lips. “Why are you looking at me like that?” He asked.
John’s smile was still on his face and he stepped back, shaking his head, “Ah, sorry love, I’ve got to meet Greg for a drink. I’m sure you can handle yourself for a few hours?”
Sherlock looked up at Mycroft and immediately he felt his defenses go up. There was something knowing in his gaze that was both knowledgeable of the situation and dismissive. Just like always. “Staring at a pig in my room,” He retorted, though there was none of the usual bite in his voice.
He picked up a file and looked it over, pursing his lips as he observed the details. Soon enough, though, John came through the door with a hum.
Sherlock chuckled a little and looked at him. “Right. So have you just been picking up your little business as I’ve been tearing it down?” he asked, looking at him. Jim shook his head, the cold smile still on his face. Sherlock looked at him. Nope. The smile never reached his eyes. It was interesting.
. Speaking of, a familiar voice came from next to him.
Mycroft chuckled and shook his head, nodding towards the door. “Get up and stop sulking.” He said.
Jim knew that the army man was capable of such behaviors. Sherlock may be blind to it, but Jim could see it. He was a man that killed without thought and missed the war. While he was cute when he was flustered, when he was in his zone he was almost unstoppable. It could actually be frightening to a select few. This was a whole new realm though. This wasn’t physical abuse, as Jim had suspected. This was worse for Sherlock. It was worse because Sherlock could take a beating, but he knew that Sherlock could not handle being out of his depth mentally. And that John making him do so would mess him up more than any old bruise or scrape. He let out a deep breath and looked at Sherlock with a dead look in his eyes as he smiled. He would do it. He would kill John Watson. Get rid of any distraction in Sherlock’s life. He didn’t care how much Sherlock loved the pet, this was unacceptable. Sherlock’s low, silky tone interrupted Jim’s train of thought.
Jim held up his hands in fake, dramatic surrender as he chuckled. “Fine. Fine. But really, we both know you want to pay attention to me, so how about you just do it before daddy gets mad?” he said, his voice harmonic with a dominant undertone, something that only he could manage. He leaned forward to look at the detective as he waited for an answer. To let him know that he was paying attention, Sherlock dismissively put the book down and glanced up at him, his baby blue eyes mimicking the color of the ocean. Jim smiled at that and nodded, pouncing at the opportunity to get Sherlock’s attention. “Okay. First, How did
Jim loved the way Sherlock looked right now. Sure, he looked nervous, but he didn’t seem scared. He didn’t seem to expect him to do anything hurtful. Whatever John did to him would obviously need a bit of work, but he seemed to be quite comfortable, and Jim wouldn’t have him any other way. He gave Sherlock a small smile and nodded his head towards the door. “Head off to bed. I’ve got some work to do before I go to sleep.” He watched Sherlock get up and leave before leaving the den and heading to his office.
Sherlock didn’t really reply. He simply shrugged and looked down at his hands, using a piece of hang nail as a focal point so that he wouldn’t completely lose focus over where he was.
For the first time in what seemed like forever, a genuine smile came across Sherlock’s face. He hadn’t smiled like this since John spoke to him on the rooftop. Even when he was about to kill himself, John showered him in compliments. He just wished that that behavior had continued. “Jim,” he began, looking upon him as he would an old friend. A bit dark if you consider the fact that one tried to kill the other. “How goes it?” he asked, the dark, smug look returning to his face.
Sherlock didn’t say a word. He just stood up and followed Mycroft into the living room.
“How’s the pet?” he asked nonchalantly, putting his hands in his pockets. He wasn’t jealous, although to a normal person it may seem that way. He didn’t get jealous because if he wanted something he always just found a way to get it. No. This was something else entirely. It was like an inquiry, as if to prod Sherlock and get him to open up. If he had his anger to fuel his thoughts- going off of the assumption that his suspicions were correct- he would be unstoppable. Still, of course Sherlock wasn’t going to open up. He doesn’t think that was how it worked.
Sherlock paused for a moment and pursed his lips. He was about to say something, but nothing came out. He just stared at Jim for a moment before shaking his head. “Why?”
And all of a sudden everything zoomed out and faded. That’s all he could remember. Sherlock woke up with a hard shaft and a confused mind as he shuffled around in his sheets. Little flashbacks of his dream began to come back to him, hitting him like a boulder as he sat up and leaned against the headboard. He let out a sharp exhale as he processed everything that was going on. There wasn’t even much to think about. He just had a sex dream. About Moriarty, of all people.
Sherlock felt his insides pang with something that he couldn’t explain. It was almost like a rush for both adventure and something else. He just shook his head in response, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of knowing that he got a reaction. “So what, is this your big comeback?” he asked, looking at him.
He did know that. Sherlock returned Jim’s gaze before nodding and shoving his hands in his pockets. “Alright.” He said. This made Jim smile brightly, his first genuine smile in a while. “Come along, Sherly. The driver’s outside.”
John let out a sigh and ran a hand through his hair. “Why do you do that, hm? I’m not shouting for my health, Sherlock-” This prompted a nose exhale and a small, empty smile from Sherlock. “I’m trying to talk to you, and you never bloody listen.”
John reached up to cup Sherlock’s cheek and just sort of stared at him for a moment before pulling back. Sherlock enjoyed the silence of the moment.
John shook his head. “No, you’re not, but okay,” He said, not pushing the issue. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t go to anyone when he was upset. He had been with the man long enough- platonic or not- to know just a thing or two.
That made John actually begin to laugh. It started off with that simple laugh and quieted out into a poisonous gaze directed at the other man. “Look at what he’s done to you, Sherlock,” He said quietly, letting his facial expression do most of the talking. “He’s trying to get in between what we have here, and he’s turning you into some sort of puppet,”
John nodded and got one of them, getting to work. He knew his things. He knew where they went. Sherlock, on the other hand, was just sitting there looking at John’s jumpers with a slightly nostalgic gleam.
“A fit? I’m throwing a fit?” John whispered, shaking his head as he looked at Sherlock, “You scared me, you came at me. I wanted to express a bit of frustration- Hell, I deserve to! I wasn’t going to hurt you, but you came at me, Sherlock. That was not a fit, I’m just tired of cleaning up your goddamn messes. You put me through so much work, I’m exhausted between picking up after you and my job, and you don’t see the sacrifices that I make.”
Jim watched on the camera, and as Sherlock seemed to zone out more and more, Jim decided he needed to do something. He got up and went over to the study.
Sherlock nodded and took the box, putting it to the side as he continued to work on the one in front of him. “It’s not a fault of mine that you’ve stopped living out of a suitcase,” He joked. “We’re almost done. We’ve got about two left,”
