"I was there, in the OR, watching myself, but not from… wasn't lying down. They took out my heart and put it on a table and I wanted them to put it back. You were there, and you didn't lift a finger to help even though you must've known they were doing it wrong."
"I am a consulting neurosurgeon at King's College Hospital."
Victor was an absence, a gaping hole punched into Sherlock’s existence even when the man was physically present. In contrast, John's affection has filled so many cold, empty spaces in Sherlock's Mind Palace. Even John's silence is a comfortable one that doesn't need to be stuffed full of irrelevant stories of work and office politics. John doesn't suck the air out of the room — instead, he opens the window and lets the East wind in, and instead of freezing Sherlock to the bone, it caresses his curls and warms his skin.
Eventually, Joanna asks why they'd reserved an appointment.
It's been days, now. Feels like much longer. You're deprived of sleep, exhausted from being constantly on high alert both for Sherlock's physical health and his mental state. Mycroft does what he can, but Sherlock holds him at a proverbial arm's length. You're the real support and punching bag, and you are getting a crash course in seeing behind what he says and what he doesn't know how to express.
is family."
John's sick leave has lasted precisely four weeks today. He's been taking short walks, cooked dinner, been up all day for the past few days. He won't be taking call for a few weeks more, but he's recovering well.
Sherlock swats his arm, grinning.
"You mentioned you were in a car accident, yes. I wasn't privy to the details; you shared them with John, I presume?"
Before tearing out of the house, he calls the surgery on the Westray pier. Emma tells him Doctor Watson is unavailable even though it's office hours. She offers him an appointment with his locum.
"I've been here, with you, ever since they brough you in from theatre. How do you feel?"
His thoughts drift back to John. He decides his husband is the normal sort of endearing, oblivious hypocrite who would lecture their spouse and their patient about healthy habits yet live in denial of their own bad one of drowning annoyance, anger and frustration in the amber, watery grave of a glass of whisky at least twice a week. No one would find John's daily, weekly or monthly alcohol intake anywhere close to alarming, but Sherlock has always understood — better than most — that it's the
something a civilised person should do. It has consequences, a fine example of which is shifting his feet in front of him right now.
Bethany frowns as the nurses and Yosuke begin turning off unnecessary monitoring. The ECG will remain until there is cardiac arrest.
At the edge of his visual field, John catches the tail end of a classic Sherlockian eyeroll. Octaplex is an expensive concentrate of clotting factors used to counter the effects of warfarin, a potent and very common anticoagulant drug.
Colleagues want him to deliver flimsy second-hand platitudes instead of actually reaching out to the person they're meant for.
“I'm not having you smoking again. You
. He realises that most adult humans must cope better than he does with having to be in a hospital ward. John can probably put up with it just fine, and that's why those exceptions are only for children. It’s just that
"I think he'd be the best to answer you. Has something happened that has given you cause to worry?"
death into two and a half unnecessary ones," Sherlock scoffs.
Right now, Sherlock doesn't look like a terror. Instead, he's biting his lip, looking unsure and anxious. "I am
"Can you tell me as much as you have worked out about what's going on with you? Can you at least say something
, not a
"And which school was that?"
The game is up.
Sherlock's eye catches a collection of old lures designed to imitate various insects and small fishes. They're in a dusty, haphazard pile on top of an old, probably broken fridge in the corner. Many of them feature beautiful waterfowl feathers tied expertly with old, sturdy thread. He picks them up, one by one, carefully strokes the silky feather strips to remove dust.
"I need to do to the headquarters. That's the new one, isn't it? Victoria Embankment."
there."
The list of symptoms is a constant mantra in your head: haemoptysis, dyspnoea, peripheral oedema, chest pain, tachycardia, hypotension.
"Mycroft doesn't get to put words in my mouth. How are you, Sherlock?"
were the one who's suffered the worst! If you think anything you went through could be worse than having someone like you for a mother, then you're deluded!"
"It's just files, Sherlock, not field work. Just something to pass the time. Get your mind off the rest of it."
"I take it you've seen the news."
John extends his hand and Sherlock takes it. The walk takes them a good forty minutes since they take their time enjoying the quiet streets; the term has just ended and most of those navigating the streets are tourists returning to hotels.
Sherlock looks as though John's suggesting ingesting live worms. "And endure that awful slimy film on my tongue it creates? No, thank you."
. "You won't bother writing up patient records, then?"
,' Mycroft said with the conviction of a man speaking from experience.
He notices that the exertion had not visibly winded Sherlock. He hadn't checked the records or Sherlock's vitals feed since he was off external monitoring — his implant's base feed is enough for now — and since he didn't know when the spirometry would be done he would have been just wasting his time reloading the page.
It had been a difficult decision whether to assume the GMC would never find out about this, or to go for full disclosure. In the end, Sherlock had decided that, if he got cornered about the matter, he would be willing to put all of it on the table. '
Mycroft's allergy to dogs compels him to take an antihistamine daily when visiting and it keeps the symptoms very mild, but he has still always been wary around the dog. Still, Mycroft could not have failed to see how the rest of the family had taken to Natch, how important he'd been to Sherlock during a very difficult time during medical school. Only a very cold person would not find the old, curly-haired black canine quite endearing, and John had witnessed a few occasions of his brother-in-law giving Natch a pat or a scratch. During their Sussex visit Natch has always been a kind, comforting presence to Sherlock, and though he hadn't lived together with the dog for a very long time, it was obvious he loves the creature and that the feeling is mutual. When things with Violet had been at their most tense at family gatherings, John had often noticed Sherlock seeking consolation from Natch's unjudgemental company.
"Edward the
"This wasn't the deal. I was told that there'd be surgery, which would
"How long?" are the next muted words you hear over the hiss of the oxygen.
You're by his side, now, while he swats Donovan away and tries, to no avail, to catch his breath.
"You don't know him very well, do you?" the landlady tuts.
, John tells himself sternly. It's enough that Sherlock has to live with all these worries — John can't start caving in under the weight, too.
"John, too."
"Obviously. It was written in 1990 and I've never quite had the time to devote to it."
"As though the way the media's treating Sherlock isn't bad enough. In Norway, after that Utoya massacre thing, the press decided
It could also have been the permanent end of his sobriety. Sherlock asked for his brother's help after he'd realised he faced a choice of saving his career or destroying his life, and Mycroft had intervened, called in some favours, and helped him get back on track. It did not spare him from the Myra Ellen Baxter court case, however.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow at the dog collar. "Satanic bondage rituals?"
“As deducing your passwords goes, ‘
Another tabloid had taken a different angle, and Edgar reads out loud to John one of their headlines: "
. Sherlock hadn't expected that to happen.
"The reason I never took out that uniform, didn't attend other reunions or even think much about the place after Afghanistan is that I… I guess I was embarrassed. I
Joanna picks a few wilted lettuce bits out of the plastic container housing her salad. There's still fifteen minutes before her last appointment of the day. Though it's been a long day of getting to know several new clients, she still has energy left for Sherlock Holmes. A delight in how much progress he's made and also a formidable professional challenge, she knows she needs to be on her best game with him. Not only is he exceptionally intelligent and a colleague, his neuroatypicality and past negative experiences with therapy require finesse from a person seeking his trust. Their last appointment had been two days ago; she had suggested scheduling another soon after, since Holmes seems to need intensified support. Joanna is not certain she would call this a crisis yet, but she wants to keep a close eye on him. She feels that they have built a good rapport, which is why she is surprised when he strides in ten minutes early, the entire form of him tight and dismissive. Anger shines bright on his features.
'" Sherlock shakes his head. He doesn't sound like he's directing his words to John at all. They also don't sound like something Sherlock would say.
"I'll take that as a yes." Bickering with Sherlock feels calming in its familiarity, but the topics today are a reminder that what's going on with Sherlock didn't start yesterday.
'Stop preening, Mummy's getting annoyed', echoes his brother's voice in his head.
naproxen = a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory; some research points to it being a bit safer for patients with certain heart problems or a heightened risk of GI bleeds than other NSAIDs. The use of non-steroidals should be minimised or avoided when on anticoagulant therapy.
"My sincerest apologies."
"I'm available," John promises, but decides to have a fortifying mug of tea first after ringing off.
. John knows that full well and still seems to feel the need to drag Sherlock to spend time socially with people he has no interest in.
John had considered opening it before hiding it — so that he could prepare Sherlock if it contained bad news — but it would of course be illegal to open someone else's mail. It would be a breach of trust, even if his intentions were good.
Oh, if he only had his phone, he could entertain himself in multitudinous ways. He could scour the news to try to connect dots that might point to Mycroft having resolved the little problem that had forced him to take this desolate sabbatical. Sherlock is aware that leaving one’s mobile phone behind is a part of the standard operating procedure to prevent certain entities from tracking him and accessing his email or other online accounts would be risky. Still, there should be no harm in using someone else's computer to read the news.
"Why? Why would they want to know that?"
Relief had washed over John, as well as confusion as he realised that a small part of him had feared Sherlock wouldn't be there, after all. Feared that he might regret extending the invitation. Things between them are still so new and brittle. Is Sherlock as excited about John's arrival as John is to see him? Is that why he'd gone to the station so early?
He removes his stitches with old scissors he disinfects with a lit match. The wound is closing, has scabbed, and is showing no signs of infection as far as he can tell. He hopes he's removed the stitches before they'd leave a railroad track scar. He wishes for no permanent marks of John Watson's existence on his skin. The memories are enough.
"Any more blood coming up?" you ask.
"I stayed, didn't I?" he asks, and sounds as though he expects a medal for it.
Has he not illustrated how bad it feels to be ridiculed and talked down to?
"Getting on with rehab. Going back to work. Building your strength."
"They should be, yeah," Bethany replies. She walks in the trail of the trolley as John and Yosuke push it through, shaking her head. "I thought Holmes of all people wouldn't faff about like this," she mutters.
"Histoplasmosis," the pulmonologist tells me. "Quite rare in the UK."
It's a grand promise, but Mycroft has assured Sherlock that the man is highly recommended by people who've been in similar situations.
"I don't base my surgical approaches on what-ifs. I did
"Huh?" Rob's head had snapped up, his expression unreadable.
Hand hovering on the answer call button, his ears perk up when he hears the words 'King's College' from the TV. What's being shown is an exterior shot from the Denmark Hill campus towards the Ruskin Wing where the neurosurgical OR unit and bed ward reside. A reporter is standing outside a police cordon.
"We usually do that when a patient is well enough to go back to the cardiac care unit or insert a softer inner cannula. It's a good line, big enough for anything you might need," Emma tells him. She doesn't seem at all bothered by his crankiness. She must see this all the time: patients reacting in wildly varying ways to being severely ill and injured, to being in pain and anxious.
The old man's rumble of a bass confirms this — if not by words, then at least by tone. He walks straight past Sherlock with a nod, heading towards the well. Ardle lifts the lid and tuts. "Nooo," he drawls, then fixes Sherlock with his gaze. "Them 'eeyrs. They get inn."
. That's how I found your address. You're not the sort to let things go, are you?"
He's never been good at resisting his cravings, and the one he's developed for John is headier than any other.
"I have a support group." It's a group of one person, and his name is John. I can't cause him more worry and grief. I've done enough of that.
"Maybe failure isn't the right word."
John clears his throat and wraps an arm around Sherlock's waist, tugging him closer. "If you come along, you'll have to promise to behave even if there are lots of handsome officers walking around."
He discards his trousers on the chair by the desk, crawls under the duvet and bedspread in his socks, underwear and dress shirt. He wants to text John, but what would he say? He doesn't know what he wants or needs, save for someone to remove his brain so he wouldn't have to think anymore. He has no right to ask John for anything more.
You make a note to remember his name, tell Sherlock to thank the man once all of this is over. He wouldn't do that on his own, but you know how great it feels to hear that your patient is doing fine after you saved them from circling the drain.
"Though you didn't disclose it formally, did it ever come up in any way? Did you share your diagnosis with your fellow students?"
awkward, but maybe that's a good awkward — if that makes any sense. It felt more intimate than what you called reciprocity. Your attention is just so… focused. I don't want to feel like a specimen, so maybe there's so tweaking to do about you participating up to a point, but if you liked that…"
after that gala," John protests, nodding at a passing colleague he recognises from having talked to him earlier after Sherlock's lecture.
"Oh." Sherlock halves a breadstick, offers one end to John, and then begins chewing on his half thoughtfully. Does John feel…
. The two can manifest in similar acts, but only one will leave a bitter taste of regret in one's mouth. Only one will always lead to disappointment.
There is no respite, no refuge from the crushing worry and anxiety. You wander the corridors of the hospital, confounded by how you can possibly feel so like a fish out of water though you have whittled away endless hours in places like this, spent days and nights attending to patients and making exactly the sorts of decisions which had led to Sherlock being taken away from you, off somewhere into a cardiothoracic operating theatre. Why hadn't you demanded to accompany him until the general anaesthesia was administered? Would Sherlock have wanted you there, or wasted his weak breaths to chastise you for fussing? Where is Mycroft Holmes when you need him to remove some more rules and obstacles?
"Would some individuals still be impressed and even envious of such feats, do you think?"
"I mean, let things slide when it comes to other people being there for
He knocks.
"And you tried to train him so hard, convinced we'd throw him out the minute he did something naughty," Violet recalls, her tone not chastising but very fond.
He nearly shoves Natch away in shock when he hears the words. It's Violet, standing in the doorway in a floral dressing gown and slippers. She probably can't see much of him since he's concealed behind the kitchen island in the dark. He lets go of Natch who scurries to Violet, excited that more people are up. He drags himself up and reaches for the glass of water on the counter. He might throw up if he tries to drink it, but he needs an excuse to be here in the middle of the night.
The warmth of John's hand would have finally receded, and Sherlock would have felt his heart retreat back deep into his chest. It would stay there, safe behind flesh and bone instead of being on his sleeve. Never on his sleeve like this again.
, right now to fix it, he would. Instead, he is expected to allow Collings to take over. It rankles.
"That's
Maybe if you offer a memory personal enough, he'll let you in. Believe you. Believe that you can help.
You can find explanations for all the medical terms in the chapter's closing notes.
"You were injured. It was very logical what happened as a consequence. Why do they want to make such a fuss about all that? It's pointless. It's
“What publication are you aiming for?”
"John Watson. Clinical Director of––"
"Do whatever you want," he tells you and says nothing more until there's a knock on the door.
You tuck away a dark curl snagged on the elastic of the eight percent venturi oxygen mask and finally, he looks into your eyes. The apprehension and bare fear you see are to be expected, but still jarring.
for it.
Two hours later Sherlock is startled awake, and it takes a moment to regain his bearings. He seems to have fallen asleep in the hot bath that is now barely even lukewarm. He finds it odd how being grimy had not bothered him during the first few days as much as it would have in London. Perhaps it’s because he'd been so cold and his scavenged clothes so heavy and layered that he hadn't noticed the bothersome sensations associated with not having bathed regularly. Or, perhaps some of his meticulous hygiene in London is based more on habit than necessity. After a full day marching the streets of London, it feels as though not just the dust and pollution clings to him but also the heaving masses of humanity, the stale condensation from air conditioning, and the constant head-pounding barrage of sight and sound have sealed him into a cocoon of bother. Maybe London exhausts him more than he's realised.
"I did, and your registrar is being disobedient. So I need you to do it."
"I am perfectly aware of the components of gastric fluid."
, he thinks to himself while giving her a nod and lifting up five fingers.
,” Sherlock reads out loud from the screen when the opening credits come on. He’s perched his computer on his knees on the sofa, idly throwing occasional glances at the TV.
, John thinks
He can't do this alone. He can't be the only one making the decisions right now.
John climbs to his feet and takes the hand offered. "Watson, anaesthesia at King's. Haven't gassed for ENT since I was a reg––."
Sherlock's expression is sober. "We'll be alright. We can't operate on any other assumption. It's the likeliest, and the most constructive."
"You think something must be wrong with me if I don't want sex whenever having it occurs to you?" Sherlock complains into his shoulder.
"It's up to you what words you use, but in my opinion, that diagnosis could well be warranted. It's not a new entity in your life, Sherlock, and there just might be a logical explanation for mood fluctuations right now. It's situational, one might say. You've run out of road, so to speak, after having to focus hard on navigating its twists and turns for some time. You've arrived at a beach you looked forward to, but it's hard to adjust to a period of relaxation and regrouping. In such a vacuum of intellectual things for your mind to occupy itself, emotions left unaddressed can come to the surface."
" Shouldn't that conversation be enough for at least a few years? John doesn't need constant reminders of such things, does he?
No other story demonstrates better the destructive and ill-informed methods of Violet Holmes in raising his son than
He asks me when I found out, and when I think I got infected. It's hard to admit I don't know, that someone he's described as the most observant man in London is missing chunks of memory. I'm not quite sure if he ever believed that our alienation wasn't just an excuse for a cocaine and heroin binge, even if, during that binge, I also used some substances I'd never touched before, as confirmed to him by Mycroft. I'm not sure if he believes I did it for him. I won't press this point, because it would feel like blaming him.
"Alan uses the Falconer, not the Pennybacker––" the scrub nurse starts to protest.
"But that's… that's a bit lonely. Are you married?"
Edgar even keeps an eye on Sherlock's supplies of hair products and nicotine patches. John had hoped his husband could do without them by now, but they seem to serve the same purpose as keeping a benzodiazepine pill in their purse does for some people with anxiety — ingested or not, the knowledge of its availability is comforting in itself.
It's just that… if he doesn't know
"That may be so, but why was an undertaking assigned, and what was its content?"
"But you're at the anaesthetists' weekly meeting at this time every week. I tried there."
He turns on the bed, facing away from you and Helena. "Fine," he mutters.
"William originally?"
Though it was the anaesthesia call room rather than this one where they'd done certain things together for the first time, usually it gets a positive rise out of Sherlock to be reminded of that one early morning featuring condoms John had nicked from the clap clinic. Tonight, however, his lip doesn't quirk up and his brows do not soften from their frown. He looks exhausted — more than would be explained by the hour.
"He killed a person, nearly killed another. You have to keep that in mind, and you don't have any obligation to summon even the slightest bit of sympathy for him."
"And as such, very warranted and not selfish at all, because your well-being affects both of you and he cares a great deal about you."
, Sherlock notes, his own meeting those inquisitive yet wary eyes.
If only Sherlock understood that they often struggle with the same stuff.
Dr Hazeldine shakes his head. "That's a pity."
"Sir?
The frank admission is surprising coming from Sherlock, but accurate. Weeks of bed rest would tank anyone's physical conditioning, and it will take a long while to get back into the outstanding shape required of a Jaeger Corps Ranger.
"Have a seat. I've got egg and watercress or ham with––" Dr Hazeldine puts on a pair of reading glasses which had been hanging from a chain underneath his dark blue overcoat. "––some kind of barbeque sauce. Take whichever you prefer. There's tea with milk, and I think I put some sugar packets––" he rummages around his coat pocket, producing two sachets. "Aha!"
the patient, and prone to trying to distract everyone by being difficult when he's in need of medical attention. I am here to mediate the proceedings."
, he tells himself, and coughs to regain his composure when he realises his cheeks have heated from John's proximity.
“They’ve sprayed it where there are signs of a struggle, and where valuables have disappeared. People don’t keep their valuables in the kitchen.” Sherlock swipes a finger along the lower part of a kitchen cabinet, and smells it. “See? No luminol.”
"Try what, Holmes?" Bethany cuts in, exuding scepticism. "Eighty percent burns, brain's coming out."
', Greg had said. John had replied that Sherlock was just probably in a cranky mood. Greg had chuckled;
"Good. This place needs someone to whom it occasionally occurs to tidy things up."
Feeling like he has inadvertently disturbed the peace in the house with some imaginary demand for a treat with his tea, John wanders back into the living room to have a more thorough look around.
"Then… nothing."
Sherlock gets dressed, laments the fact that an accessorised sheep is the most intellectually stimulating thing Westray has to offer, and decides to forgo tea until he has returned the beast to its rightful owner. He instantly thinks of John Watson — not because he assumes John has been hiding sheep in some shed when he visited, but because John might well know who the owner is.
fast and irregular. "How do you feel?"
He expects her to deliver her usual praise which he then tends to silently dismiss as pathetic praise for something other people can manage without needing a therapist.
"They'd better not bother me when I head to work tomorrow."
He explains to me that my antiretrovirals are free of charge. He tells me that for the first six months, the transmission risk to a partner persists because viral suppression takes time. He's careful to use gender-neutral words. I suppose in his line of work he has to be more sensitive to these things than the average NHS employee.
"She didn't just
"John said that you don't think I should have called you in. That I incriminated myself by doing so."
? Raid my home? Mycroft, what the
The ire seems to have dissipated from his features. In its place is now confusion, perhaps a bit of fear over what she's about to say. "Yes?"
"You done?" you ask gently. "I talked to Marsh and he wasn't, well, too aghast by the idea. They've got a protocol for suspected cases. You had risk factors for it, and not just the fact that you might have a high tolerance for opioids. Just speak with him, tell him all this. Just… maybe give him the benefit of the doubt instead of trying to make him pay for all those past things, hm?" You know that saying this won't erase years of mistreatment, but you feel compelled to remind Sherlock that this doctor hadn't been there on those prior occasions. There's so much to unpack here; maybe what he's gone through in the past few days have unearthed a few proverbial skeletons he never dealt with, never acknowledged, just numbed whatever he felt with more drugs.
This seems to jolt John more than it should.
"John, it's the neurosurgical unit," Greir says. "One OR was in use when the whole thing went down."
"Do you think he's… that he might be particularly––"
He starts reading, complexion pale and eyes narrowed in focus. He's being meticulous, drinking in every word. Tiny movements of muscles in his face signal his changing emotions, but he says nothing until he's reached the final page.
"It's not real. John is gone. That's all there is to it."
There is a number he can call. That number will not connect him to the posthumous voice of John, but to those maintaining his artificial presence in Sherlock's life.
The move back to the Cardiac Care Unit is a relief. Though his ECG, oxygen saturation and blood pressure will still be monitored continuously, the HDU unit should feel more like a regular ward than the ICU did. Sherlock gets a proper single room, there is a much more normal daily routine and less ambient noise. Though released from the drains and the wires for a temporary pacemaker which was kept on standby, there are still various lines and monitoring wires which prevent Sherlock from moving about freely and leaving the room. Not that he would — even just sitting on the edge of the bed or in a chair by it drains his reserves. He doesn't ask for help so that he could do those things, and you assume it's both because he hates needing the help and because such evidence of his current infirmity decimates his already dejected mood.
"These are things stemming from way before his medical career began. Core beliefs about who he is, what he's capable of. There are also past professional experiences which have led him to believe that there would be a fall at some point, one he may even believe he deserves of what he sees as his shortcomings, ways in which he's inferior to his colleagues. No amount of praise from you, me, or his supervisor is going to repair these things."
Though the figure in white must have heard John shouting, he doesn't turn, doesn't react visibly.
Sherlock glances out the window. A few clouds have drifted in, and the sun keeps disappearing behind them.
The younger man gives him an eye roll. "Where’re you squattin’, then? Could get a pretty penny for that coat, you know, get you somewhere warm."
The next day, just before noon, John rocks restlessly on his heels as he watches his mother-in-law seesaw between the kitchen and the buffet table set out in the cottage's back garden. Though his repeated offers of help have been accepted graciously, Violet still won't specify what he is supposed to do. The garden party serving as George's sixty-fifth birthday celebration is due to begin in an hour. Nobody expects all the guests to arrive at the same time since it's all meant to be more of an open house -type soiree than a formal, scheduled affair. George is helping here and there: carrying in glasses and plates of small treats and ignoring, in a well-mannered way, his wife's attempts at shooing him away because he is the one being celebrated.
For the next few hours, he tosses and turns, no longer even attempting to push back the accusing thoughts he's kept at bay all day. They roam freely in the recesses of his mind now, drifting through his Mind Palace like ghosts. They know everything about him, and there is no comfort in being honest to himself.
"I see you conveniently omitted the fact that I was hammered." John's jaw juts out in anger and his sniffs. He shakes his head. "You only know what’s in the reports."
Instead of dinner, he's indulging in a rant bordering on a tantrum about the fact that
Donovan and that new detective, Norton, had talked about him yesterday when they thought he wasn't within earshot. 'He's still pining after––?' Norton had started, but Donovan's eyes had flashed with something hard to interpret, and she'd snapped, 'Isn't it obvious that he is?'
"There
The anxiety Sherlock had thought was mostly banished by all the therapy sessions washes over him, nearly pushing his dinner back up his oesophagus. He hadn't meant for this to happen; hadn't meant to say those things he'd thought when John was holed up in the bedroom after the tonsillectomy and when John had pushed him away after Afghanistan.
You thank Cowie hastily, then hurry to the lifts, which should take you to the right ward. Getting buzzed through the entrance takes too long for you not to start shifting your feet.
"That radiology report could have led to this mistake. You know that. Even if you'd looked at the slides yourself, I know I'm not the only one who eyeballs those reports as a quick reminder before scrubbing in what the main findings were," Lestrade says in an amicable tone.
"Did he really tell them what happened?"
"Put the fork down, love, unless you want seconds. No need to stop staring, though. It's kind of flattering."
. Let them
"That would come close to discrimination due to disability, and a health-related impairment."
He takes a deep breath and initiates the connection. It takes a moment for the audio to connect at the Belgrade end, but he's relieved to see Mr Zezelj himself in front of the computer. The man is pointing at the screen, saying something to a person off to the side.
I never ask Lestrade if the murder gets solved. It should have been mine. Just like many things which never will be. That can't be helped now.
things he doesn't know how to name, and when John's warmth envelops him as he wraps his arms around Sherlock, he realises how cold he's been all his life.
So blame me for your false indicators
Holmes stares at her. There is shock in his expression and instead of the human version of a racehorse expecting to dart off at any second, he now appears frozen in place.
"I doubt their parameters are very well suited for the likes of us," Mycroft says coldly. Perhaps he is on the edge — it's hard to tell with him, unlike with Sherlock, who rarely conceals emotions unless he thinks they're making him look vulnerable. Anger, exasperation, arrogance — those are all displayed freely because they're an offence rather than defence.
. Sherlock had become familiar with several forms of Turkish folk music during a most tedious assignment from Mycroft in Istanbul. Instead of tailing some small-time spy, Sherlock had immersed himself in the city just as he cultivates his love affair with London. The achingly wistful violin in the background makes him miss his own instrument.
The head CT is done as the first of the trauma CT sets. It often dictates a patient's prognosis; if dire enough, sometimes further studies are cancelled just as Bethany had been considering. The CT shows a massive intracerebral bleed and contusion with skull bone shards impaling deep into brain matter. There's a large midline shift and signs of herniation just as they had known there would be.
, John thinks. Drawing attention to such habits is a sure-fire way to make Sherlock defensive, but silence isn't going to get them anywhere.
"The blood products should be administered purely according to medical need, and the suspect should not be discriminated against in that regard. His survival is of utmost importance so that he can be prosecuted and a motive established."
guest," he confirms to the person at the other end as though they've expressed scepticism about the concept. "None of your business," Holmes then snorts as a reply to whatever the person at the other end has said and taps the phone, ending the call without saying goodbye.
"I know you know I won't read too much into this," John reminds him, still puzzled, but wanting to be sure Sherlock understands that naked contact may lead to physiological reactions he can’t control.
In being no one on Westray Island, he'd become someone he loathed less than he does right now.
"That nudge should be given to the patient, not me."
"He won't be a minute," she promises, "and the tech's bringing a monitor round. I'll need to attach some electrodes, and we need to cover that incision," she tells Sherlock as the two of you help him back to bed.
Next, Sherlock calls the ward and is told that John is asleep the last they checked and that his night has been uneventful. Sherlock demands to know how old the information regarding his restful sleep is, and when he’s told John had been last checked on forty minutes earlier, he refuses to end the call until someone goes to the room to verify his husband's status.
"It takes a lot of mental energy to hide things from others, doesn't it?"
Unlike Victor, who had crowded Sherlock in the kitchen later that night in the safe house from which they could have already left.
The following weeks back home are a flurry of John trying to catch up with all the paperwork he's missed during their holiday. Sherlock and his fellow neurosurgeons get snowed under with work since there is a massive surgical conference being organised in town. Many of their King's colleagues are in the organising committee and thus out of patient work duty. His days stretch even longer than usual, and the frantic pace continues well after the conference.
"I said all those things because they're true. You can't take all the things that make up Sherlock Holmes and separate them into good bits and rubbish bits and acceptable bits because it's all you, and nobody does it right all the time. You got to where you are because of all those parts of you, how they fit together. No one has the right to tell you you're not fit to be a surgeon, especially not those idiots sitting in some Tribunal panel who'd probably never had the fucking balls to make the decisions you do. And you don't make them impulsively or against you better judgement, not ever. You analyse things faster than anyone I know, connect the data you collect to more information in that massive brain of yours than any doctor I've ever met has stored in theirs. Any patient would be lucky to have you, and even if you'll splutter or say no, it includes even that guy you just talked to. He's right — you did what those other surgeons wouldn't even attempt. We don't like to think that medical risks are about our skills and concentration instead of some bit of bad luck, but they are. Think of how many things could be done better, how much stuff we don't know yet. It's all about the limitations of humans, about the limits of our skills and knowledge and inventiveness. We get tired, we get distracted, we get hungry, but the robots haven't taken over our jobs yet."
"I'm here to make your job as easy as I can. Don't talk to me as though I am the help," John says firmly. Perhaps a bit of a challenge laced with husbandly banter will reassure Sherlock that they're on the same page — that John has every confidence in him. "Whatever you need," he promises, pushing himself off the wall and straightening his form, hands clasped behind his back.
"Ou' barch," Angus decides.
Sherlock snorts. "You really need to ask?"
You harden your heart against the longing to go after him, to wipe away the impact of your words.
He can make out the sound of someone shifting under the spray while standing in the tub.
"Alright," John replies, slightly puzzled.
This wrong-footedness, this confoundment, is the no-man's-land upon which the greatest therapeutic strides can be achieved. Joanna knows he must tread carefully, but she's glad to have arrived here instead of the backwoods of anger out of which she'd had to entice him.
Hamish Watson was not suited to be a father. Or a husband.
"Oh, it certainly
_____________
A good twenty minutes pass before Mycroft gets a reply from Sherlock. "They're at a veterinary surgery, waiting to be seen."
"Assuming the media loses interest. There's no sign of that yet," John points out. Reporters have been plentiful in numbers at the courthouse, and the coverage has been neutral so far since they're so early into the proceedings. He wonders if Fairholme will be allowed to take the stand and hopes he won't. It would be easy for journalists to do as Halloran had predicted they might — to create a narrative of the big, bad, impersonal and uncaring system personified by a callous surgeon betraying some sweet old lady, leaving her husband to seek justice alone.
"—or when it hurts so much I can't take it anymore?"
"My breakfast inside a cranial burr hole damned well will be, yes, if you enforce that nonsense on me. Better give those cleaners a raise now, before they unionise."
"It doesn't seem right to claim that she was our child when we as good as abandoned her." Violet bites down on her lower lip, hard, hating the onslaught of emotion this topic is bringing forth.
, unlike the rest of your…" John flaps his hand, "…your thing. Those cheekbones and your clothes, your… all that
"Maybe we don't need any? We'll just make it up as we go along?"
_____________
(See the end of the chapter for
"Whyever would I have?"
"Danny?" the scrub nurse addresses the supervising one, "could you go to the surgical supply room and get me the number two elective aneurysm basket, the wide-jaw micro Kerrison and the Pennybacker periosteal elevator?"
"It means that James' theory was wrong. Experiencing discomfort bordering on pain and profound disinterest towards what people usually do naked in bed is
"Just look at him," Violet coos, and John hears the rustling of the pages of the photo album again. "Oh, bless him, he was such a good boy after all those classes you and George took him to."
At night, in bed, you hold his hand, and him. There is no falling in love with Sherlock Holmes, not for you — there is only falling deeper into what you tried to swim against, helpless and exhausted to fight since you knew somewhere inside where you'd end up. Right here, in his arms, and he in yours.
Sherlock wonders briefly if the older man has expired or if he's been moved elsewhere. "And I'll expect an update once Collings becomes available," he adds.
"Who compels you to do that, to make those comparisons?"
"He could have his tonsils removed," Sherlock explains to Violet. "He fulfils all the criteria for such an operation, but he knows what it's like for adult patients to recover from a tonsillectomy, and having heard enough horror stories from patients about complications, it appears he'd rather suffer through a few tonsillites a year and having to dig out tonsil stones with a spoon handle once a week than do the sensible thing and get this sorted."
You lean closer, drape your arm around him and pull him closer to you, exhale and then release. He's listless, curled into himself as you gather him against you like a bag of bones. He lets you. You give his shoulder a squeeze, rest your palm on his shoulder blade. He's warm, the angles of the bone sharply pronounced under your fingers. He needs more food. He needs more sleep. He needs… more than he ever grants his body because he looks down on it, thinks it inferior to his intelligence — a nuisance that has now betrayed him and overtaken everything else in his life.
"I knew what the right call was based on medical evidence, but there are always outliers, always unpredictable factors. What if I made the wrong decision? What if I condemned her by saying there was nothing to be done? How certain is certain enough? 95 per cent? 99 per cent? Would her family settle for anything less than a hundred? It wouldn't be scientifically honest to say that she had no chance at all. There are always rare cases where patients beat the odds."
"I don't have to tell him that. What I would tell him, with your permission, is that you are going through a difficult time. I don't have to use the word depression. I promise I will not disclose anything you have explicitly told me you don't want him to know."
'–– nevermind. He's got a heart issue; had surgery for it yesterday."
"Alright," she relents. She locks up the practice, aware that she's leaving her phone and her purse behind, but she fears he'll leave if she goes back for them. Normally, she'd never go anywhere with a client without a means to communicate with emergency services, but it's not the first time she'd had to adapt and improvise, to bend her usual rules and practices for Sherlock Holmes.
. I doubt that's any cleaner than a tub."
It seems a bit silly to John to be alone at home when the person even more affected by yesterday's events has left the flat for compulsive research work. John keeps having to tell himself that it's perfectly reasonable to need a day off after the fright he had yesterday, even though he hadn't been one of the staff trapped in that theatre or threatened at the ward.
John pivots on his heel. "Can I try it, too? I've heard they're great for sleep."
"So? You expect me to do something about that?" John asks, aware of how defensive he sounds.
. That's what he's just done to the patient, hasn't he? What makes it worse is that he doesn't even know why he could have mixed up the sides. He always checks and rechecks and checks a third time, makes notes on his tablet and reviews them before every case. There are the radiologist's words which look like they exonerate him, but they don't. Heknows he looked at those imaging slides himself and never read the report.
"A key witness in a murder trial being held in contempt is certainly newsworthy," John points out, but then realises that rubbing this in may be a bit harsh for his partner who's just spent a day in the grip of the criminal justice system. "At least the prosecutor stuck to the facts."
You really need to stop dating other people.
"Stop hovering," John keeps telling Sherlock with a smile. "Bloody mother hen, you are," he'd said yesterday.
a process going on with both of my cases."
As always, John is asked to promise to look after Sherlock.
"I don't know. It's just… he has these periods, and he's never seemed to need meds or anything like that for them. They just pass. They're not… it's not really a part of his ASD but sometimes dealing with that and people and work and all just gets a bit much, doesn't it?"
"Yes, and I didn't think you needed to understand the full picture until shit really hit the fan, because you don't function well with distractions and changed plan. We're reaching that stage soon, though."
"I can't really do that without him being here. We should be able to get some locum cover in two days if he can't come to work before then. I could pencil you in–––"
Suddenly, he can't bear not to be known. He had befriended John under false pretences, pretended to be someone else, but in not knowing him, John had
"Yes. I know the materials in which I am comfortable, I know my physical assets and how to emphasise them, and with the help of well-trained tailors I know I can achieve what I want."
Unbearably for Mycroft, that is. For Sherlock, silence was safety. A shroud behind which he had always concealed his true self. Silence is a cache of weapons unknown to the enemy.
Sherlock speaks up suddenly: "That's an insult to John's vital contributions to the Work."
"So it's not an infection? Did it go alright, I mean––" you blabber idiotically, and hear his voice in your head, berating you for being a dolt, for not asking the right questions, for wasting time. You know it went well. There are no more guarantees anyone can give you. It's four a.m. and you're so relieved it's frightening.
John's mother drank heavily, which was largely the reason John's father wanted her gone. Her drinking was exacerbated by being unable to tolerate life here on Westray with its cold, dark winters and the loneliness when her husband spent weeks away for work. For the islanders she was an outsider, and she made little effort to adjust, to blend in, to find her place in the community. Like so many women from the mainland who had married islander men, she turned to the bottle. They had divorced when John had been five, and he and his half-sister had gone to live in Winchester with their mother to be closer to her relatives. Not that it helped with the drinking, so Harriet, the sister, had taken over much of their mother’s role in terms of looking after John. Rose Watson had died of liver failure when John was twelve and Harriet — Harry for short — was twenty. She longed for a life of her own and had moved out of the house a year earlier. She told John that she'd spent enough time being a child who had to care for another child and bought two train tickets to Glasgow. After depositing John with their Dad, she moved to London. John speaks with her on the phone occasionally. Sherlock doesn't think it sounds like he misses her much. John is so… detached, so self-separated from other people that it's not surprising that his current relationship with his sister seems devoid of intense emotion.
wonders Sherlock.
John isn't done. "Don't pull away from me when you're having a difficult time, because it just makes it worse when I can't be there for you. It's the worst when you think nobody understands and that you're on your own. I made the mistake of thinking that about you in and after Afghanistan and I was so wrong that it nearly wrecked us. You don't have to keep convincing me that you're worthy of our marriage. You don't have to justify my choice in partner to other people. It's my choice, and it's my job to defend us. Yours, too, but not because you think I need excuses to be with you. Anyone who wonders why we're together can fuck right off. I don't care about anybody's opinion of you except my own and yours, and clearly, yours is much worse than mine. I want to change that. I need to change that, and it sounds like Pichler's in my corner with that?"
John understands what this means. "No diving, then. I'm sorry, Sherlock." Without hypo symptoms Sherlock is aware of, even regular scuba diving is impossible.
"Those are all good points to raise."
tachycardia = faster-than-normal heart rate
," Violet warns.
"Egotistical berk," John chuckles. "But true."
Greir, who has just been briefed by a liaison officer, still knows very little about what is currently going on inside. To May and John's relief, she does have the information that Nurse Joe Pilkington, the gunshot victim, has been transported to Guy's since standard procedure dictates that the King's A&E is to stop accepting new patients until the building is secure. John knows that the longer transport may mean a worse prognosis, but he doesn't say this out loud. At least Joe had been alive when the emergency team had reached him.
Anderson shakes his head. "I couldn't operate like that."
looking for, if anything. I can now see it was no less than a professor."
Violet rearranges her handbag on the sofa beside her. When she's nervous, she often feels the need to organise things, to see things arranged in a geometrically pleasing manner. Folding laundry or setting the table has always calmed her. "Perhaps he'd be as pragmatic as he always tends to be and not care. His sister would be nothing but an abstract entity to him, a theoretical concept. I doubt he could imagine any sort of a connection to her. But, I suppose it largely hinges on how he would be told about her."
"You should move in." Sherlock says without straightening his form or shifting his gaze from the eyepieces.
"Did he appear annoyed or unwilling to do so?"
Usually, if a patient questioned his expertise like this and behaved so, well, badly, John would be irked. Yet somehow Holmes doesn't stretch his nerves. If anything, he finds the man fascinating — a mixture of conundrums.
The incident in Islamabad is detailed in
The neurosurgical registrar, a timid young man by the name of Timothy, now appears at Sherlock's side. John wonders where he'd left the trainee earlier.
"I just don't know what to expect." He opens the flat door to her and hangs up her coat, after which they migrate to the kitchen.
John retreats into the house from the front steps, starts clattering around to find his shoes. "It used to belong to Angus' brother, who died a few years back. All the guy's sheep were sold, and they were taking them to the mainland for slaughter, but Angus, who'd not shown his face even though he’d been asked to come help out, appeared on the pier at the last moment, grabbed this one and took it home. Tav — Tavish Ardle, that is — named them all after some historical stuff; he was into that. Don't know why Herr Führer was an ewe, though. She had lambs every summer."
John scrambles to continue on a different note. "Then there were those sessions with Molly that were really tough, but they made me understand better why things went to hell after Bastion."
"We'll take good care of your partner, Doctor Watson," the anaesthetist promises.
The rational part of you knows that there is no harm in allowing Sherlock's artificial slumber to last a bit longer; it gives his body peace and quiet to heal itself. You still can't help wanting to see him, talk to him, make sure he's alright. You long to ask what he remembers and how it was in theatre before they put him under. You want to explain things to him, to make it all more palatable and less upsetting. You recognise that the possessive protectiveness you feel for him had made you even irrationally suspicious of Leah until you had observed her work. Now, you trust her, because you've enough to recognise that she is very good and experienced at what she does, and that she treats her patients gently and conscientiously.
"Right about
He blinks back into the present. "Excuse me?"
_____________
He slips his hand onto John's balls and John tries not to clench his thighs together reflexively. "I told you. I'm not
John wonders. "They must've needed quite a lot of sedation for that."
John had hated the thought of being apart, but he understood what Sherlock meant. They weren't in a stage in their relationship to discuss permanent arrangements.On Malta, they had shared a bed every night, finding a comfortable togetherness without pressure for more. The more time they spent together, the braver and more open Sherlock seemed to become about enjoying their physical proximity as well their emotional closeness. It was still very push-and-pull, though; one step forward, then two steps back. John had learned to sense when his new partner became hesitant and withdrawn. As much as John wanted to kiss everything better, to erase with his affection all of what the bastard had done to Sherlock, he knew it wasn't that simple.
"Safe is a bit relative right now. They do this all the time," you reassure him, "and I think that graph there, marked INVOS, monitors his brain perfusion." You recall the surgeon mentioning it, and Sherlock looking more interested than he'd been in any of the details before that. The role of that monitoring device is to protect his brain. It's hardly surprising he'd find reassurance in its existence.
"So you know how to lead and… not lead," John suggests in an odd tone.
"No, most of the time you think you're smarter than any of us. Most of the time you
"I have always kept on top of current research. He is my only brother," Mycroft comments indignantly. "And may I remind you that he
John tells himself, and marches to the lifts. He'll go to the OR floor, put the patient under, and do anything and everything he can to make sure Sherlock has the best circumstances under which to operate. That's the core of his job as an anaesthesiologist — look after the patient and to make sure the surgeon gets to focus fully on their part.
Holmes doesn't answer. Joanna suspects this is because they've reached a flood of emotions and words and he fears that he won't pick the right stones to step on to get across.
to change Sherlock's beliefs, is Sherlock. The support of others will absolutely be needed, but the journey is his."
"Must mean you don't have any perishable food, either?" John points out.
, and the assessor's opinion was that his performance was 'acceptable' at each of them. The parts he'd refused to do were
"Or not. He's good at faking it, and all he's done lately is stay in bed awake," John reminds Mycroft.
Short fics inspired by fortune cookies.
"I don't know what you're playing at, and I don't care to even investigate it. I won't be requiring your services any longer," Holmes announces, piercing gaze locked onto her.
He keeps glancing at you as he endures his mother's fussing and his father's inquiries into his well-being. You can't read in his eyes what it is he wants or expects; mostly he seems to just want affirmation that you're still there. All you can respond is a nod as you stand in near parade-rest by the door.
, Sherlock thinks.
"I know there's some fucking winners with not very Hippocratic attitudes working at A&Es, but I promise you we don't work like that here. Even though A&E staff have to deal with aggressive users and drunken idiots every shift, you
"––you cannot disclose anything he's told you. Well, that answers my question, really."
"Have you finally decided on what to play?" Violet asks as she leads Sherlock into the country house, nodding and greeting at various people along the way. "It should be short and to the point, preferably festive."
I've been getting messages from my deep waters
"Says who? Why?"
"People dislike me and don't understand why John would bother with me."
"Sherlock?" you prompt. "Want to take this one?"
"Oddly enough, I don't intend to eat the dirt that was on them, no."
"Will it change your management plan if someone does the tap?"
untrue.
…meet Sherlock's parents:
"A knight in shiny armour, then, rather than a brawler. Perhaps that Hippocratic Oath wasn't temporarily shelved, after all."
He focuses on the video call again. "I wouldn't want to inconvenience you further, but would it be possible to obtain a copy of your medical records from Belgrade later on? I should very much like to read about your progress, about how your symptoms have improved." It could be useful for Sherlock's future surgeries in the pericallosal area to know all the medical details.
Perhaps he'd just hung way too many hopes on John Watson, too fast. He doesn’t even understand why. Is he simply hung up — or perhaps hung over — on Victor?
"There's broccoli."
The parts having to do with Sherlock's personal medical history had been dealt with confidentially, and the introductory part had stated that such details are always censored out of the public tribunal reports of published on the MPTS website.
John is staring at him, now. But he doesn't look angry. Instead, he looks utterly confounded. "What… where's this coming from?"
Keynes has a theory. "Maybe he's just really good at, you know––"
You're drawn to him in a way you haven't really felt for another human. You know lust well; you know habitual attachment between two people dating each other but not in love; you know parental love, love between siblings, you know what it's like to have a mad pash for someone you don't even know very well yet that passes, leaving behind a disappointingly weak emotional hangover.
John's heart is heavy, and he wants to strangle James Moriarty with his bare hands.
"Is there a restraining order?"
apex of the heart = the pointed bit at the bottom mostly formed by the bottom bit of the left ventricle
John's brows knit together. "Nobody could ever think that. Not after that documentary and not after you finished a spinal decompression while––" he elects not to finish the sentence. He doesn't want to provide a graphic reminder of last night.
John’s nose crinkles in amusement. "It was one punch. He threatened me first, though, after I told him the tourist girl he was trying to chat up and making uncomfortable was not appreciating his attention."
"You may step down, Mister Holmes," the judge says, and John thinks he looks a tad relieved.
, Sherlock concludes in his head.
Since most of patient complaints are borne out of communication difficulties, not medical malpractice, in some ways the game was rigged against someone like Sherlock right from the start.
A steady stream of communique has flown in from Edgar since six in the morning. He had set up things so that all of Sherlock's work emails are forwarded to him, and he has questions to John about the urgency of various things. Much of it depends on when Sherlock might be expected to go back to work, so John has very few answers for the PA. He tells Edgar Sherlock's gone to GOSH and is half-tempted to send the man in to keep an eye on his spouse, but Sherlock would see right through that. Edgar seems surprised that he's gone to work and asks John in a text instead of one more email if it's a good idea that his employer is not taking any time off.
"They gave you heparin for that stage. That means your blood doesn't really clot much." You turn the chair so it's facing the sofa and take a seat.
"You never sleep well on cases," you point out, itching to go get your medical kit, but you want his story first. First week in medical college, they taught you that the legendary William Osler always told his students never to rush an anamnesis: '
John doesn't doubt that she'll cross the t's and dot the i's to make sure justice is served. "I'll leave you to it."
The caller is May, the dermatology Ward Sister, requesting an IV. "Our reg's already stuck the patient three times and is getting irate — the patient, I mean — he says it was an anaesthetist the last time, too, who finally got it in. No hurry, though if you're snowed under; he's not been here long."
You keep forgetting that his extensive theoretical knowledge doesn't mean that he is familiar with the clinical side of medicine. "With V-fib, you wouldn't be having a conversation with me and, as I said, you've had A-fib before."
"Former or active addicts," Mycroft provides helpfully. "It's quite alright to be frank with him, Doctor Marsh. Lord knows he never spares anyone's blushes."
"Good." John stands down from his parade rest and prepares to return to his duties.
The tendon looks considerably less swollen, and the tear line has become a lot blurrier. "We can give you a functional splint now, and some exercises. It should heal nicely. If you do your bit with physio, I doubt it'll give you trouble for your violin playing in the long run."
[sent at 14:15] Do you think I should stay at home with John until Wednesday? He may be discharged tomorrow morning.
He's hardly the one to make those assessments, but you bite your tongue because he needs this. He needs that shred of control because you know he lost pieces of it when he had to tell you about his dreams and even more when he went into A-fib. The story he'd told himself of a swift, uneventful bounce back to his old life has been edited with heavy, red ink. He needs to write himself a new one, a more realistic one, but he's just staring at those red markings, now, wondering why he should bother.
"I’m sure Mister Watson will be very tired and wanting to sleep a lot after his operation; the rest of today and tonight will fly by for him.”
Every morning, as he wakes up in this repurposed loft flat in the fanciest part of Notting Hill, he wonders what the hell had possessed him to decide to rent such a thing. He recalls, of course, what he'd been thinking about in that moment: it had been a fit of celebration for his new career on the day he'd received his first billing slip from the private hospital and decided that upgrading his living arrangements was the appropriate thing to do in his new life. The sum on that slip was about five times what he'd made as a consultant in the NHS, and he'd never have to take call again. Then again, he'd be expected to be available by phone 24/7 for the rest of his life for patients and footie managers and ice hockey coaches. Though many colleagues wouldn't agree to such a commitment, John couldn't help but feel a mixture of embarrassment and disbelief at the number. He has truly made it in his career in terms of finances, so why did that fact not make him swell with pride and joy? Why did it not make him feel like he belonged?
Sherlock wants to be a surgeon who doesn't need whisky to talk to their patients.
There was never any more inception than there is now,
doctor and his
"You did undertake the neurosurgical decision-making," the barrister points out.
There is a reason Sherlock would have known this even without medical school: personal experience. Even in his oxycodoned-up state, John should realise that any second, now.
, Sherlock decides. They'd had a perfectly enjoyable time yesterday, and today has been
"It's just that the records show how many times you have been pregnant, don't they? And they list all the procedures one has had before; I told them, of course, to make sure they had all the information. Sherlock would have known the minute he saw any details saying I'd been pregnant more than twice, and he never lets things go. There would have been questions. That's what he was like as a boy, too — never mind if someone told him a topic was just for adults. That only made him keep asking."
He should tell John what happened, but he doesn't want to. Doesn't want to say the words out loud. It's bad enough they're all he can think about. He wants to cling to the normalcy John has brought back into the flat, wants to pretend to listen to John droning on about some quality seminar, wants to eat leftovers even though his mouth tastes like bile and ashes. He wants a bath…
[00:10] nope bc roommate, remember?
"Hey Siri, play Farrenc's third symphony." A rare 19th century female composer, Louise Farrenc has been described by a prominent music critic as being able to
(See the end of the chapter for
They re-enter the house at John's invitation, after which he goes to the bedroom only to emerge moments later with a clean but worn Royal Army Medical Corps T-shirt. "Not very fancy, but it should fit you. It's washed," he promises. "I don’t think I have any trousers in your size. Maybe we can find something at the thrift shop."
heart rate vs pulse = the heart rate is the rate at which the conductive system fires triggering impulses to the cardiac muscle to contract. The pulse are the fluctuations in blood pressure produced by the heart muscle contracting. One can have a heart rate but no pulse if, for instance, a person in cardiac arrest has a pacemaker that is still functioning.
"I don't want to continue being a person who needs to talk to a professional when something bad happens. I made a mistake, but not because of my ASD or whatever personality trait or character fault others would seek to blame. I made it because I failed the standards I'd set for myself, and the standards I set consequently for my surgical performance with that patient."
Sherlock lets the orange shock blanket drops off his shoulder to the floor. "This is… I can't––" Sherlock tugs uselessly at the plastic coverall sleeve. "I need it
"No."
Sherlock wonders when exhaustion finally robs him of consciousness.
. I don't know what to do. I don't know what you want, what you expect to happen, how you want me to–– That's why I went to see Joanna, because I can't decide. Because you don't tell me things––"
"Where's Sherlock? Where have you been?"
"Doctor Lestrade removed the responsibility for that patient's care from you. Why did he make such a decision, considering that the King's College Second Victim Support Protocol recommends that the employee responsible for a medical error should participate in the analysis and remediation of the error, and to continue to be a part of the care time unless the patient has lost trust in their abilities?"
"Getting
Sherlock has no idea, but he's excited to find out.
"Will he use his autism as a defensive argument, do you think?" Mycroft asks.
At least this time, Mycroft had no dry, witty retorts to share as he knelt by the grave and offered his arm. Sherlock moved not a muscle to sit up and tucked his hand under his cheek instead, closing his eyes.
"You weren't so worried about the documentary."
"BP's fine, now," Mike comments as he glances at the latest reading on the monitor. A BP cuff and a pulse ox clip have been attached along with the ECG electrodes.
"Because there's nothing you can do at this point. It's all sorted now."
"Your father and the liver issue. Was it?––"
"Thanks for that little reminder, as if I needed it right now."
― William Shakespeare,
"Must've been one hell of a case since you had to call Greg in. I thought midline tumours weren't that challenging. Granted, there were the aneurysms, but…"
"Is everything alright?"
Our sister has not spoken after the debacle at Sherrinford. My two visits to her, violin in tow, produced nothing but a few broken duets. Whoever she was, whatever she was, appears long gone and I don't quite know when it was even lost. Did I know the real her only as a child, before long years of incarceration stripped away what humanity remained in her? The woman I met as an adult was nothing but layers upon layers of constructed identity, playacting, scheming, manipulation and revenge. She would have avenged what happened after Victor's death with more death.
Sherlock purses his lips, looks down at the mattress.
"In theory. It's different when it's happening to you instead of just listening to a patient talking about it."
— is just one word. If it's so easy, why hasn't he already used it?
"Diabetes, heart disease, liver damage, kidney damage, osteoporosis, hypercholesterolemia," Mycroft rattles off from memory.
"They tried that at Bastion, but I must be a slow metaboliser since it did fuck all," John explains, "and tramadol makes me throw up. Are we going to have a problem with this?" he asks, lifting the bottle of liquid oxycodone from the paper bag.
There is content in this chapter which some readers may find distressing. If you wish to read a more detailed trigger warning,
He's never seen Sherlock freeze like this before when needing to make a tough call.
"Anaesthesia?" Sherlock's eyes narrow. "Available for what?"
George was different. He'd spent his childhood in boarding schools. Always amicable, always liked but never the leader of the pack, easily adjusting to whatever circumstances necessary, he must've been the ideal pupil for such institutions. It was obvious Mycroft had inherited many of his good traits.
"Do you still blame yourself for it?"
"I should hope so."
"Not what I meant."
Andrew, with his back to the door, has leaned over the bed and is talking quietly. Once you get closer, you can see he's trying to pry Sherlock's fingers off the bed rail, which they are squeezing so hard his knuckles are blanched. Sherlock has been turned onto his back again, and the respirator has been changed to CPAP mode — no enforced breaths by the machine, just a bit of constant pressure support so that Sherlock's lung sacks won't collapse from the supplementary oxygen and shallow breathing. Not that the gulps of air he's taking through the tube appear very shallow — they're noisy and he's working hard, chest heaving and neck muscles retracting. Andrew's reflexes are barely enough to grab his other wrist when his hand suddenly reaches for the intubation tube, still taped in place.
"It was likely quite difficult for Sherlock to adjust to a new environment so suddenly."
Sherlock doesn't know what he'd expected, but there are no surprises in the records. Lestrade's account of the care process is concise and to the point. There are thorough, detailed recommendations of rehabilitation. No follow-up appointment, though one tends to be standard.
series
"Not a muppet by far," Lestrade tells him. "I know it hits hard when stuff like this happens, but don't make it worse for yourself than it needs to be. Beating yourself up about it just means that we care about what we do. I once had this case where––"
"You think I need to take a moment to answer such a childishly simple yes-or-no question?"
. John can't say he misses the climate, but there is something about seeing the parkland stretching out behind the houses that makes nostalgia swell up in him.
. "The GPS here leaves a lot to be desired."
on Captain Watson like some dainty maiden, now would it? To prove that he's not entirely at John's mercy, he rakes the air with his fingers until they meet coarse blond hair. He grabs a handful and tugs John's head towards his cock.
John feels a cold ring under his seat. It's a fair question; he knows the panel will be eager to latch on to any figures of speech that might belie prejudice, arrogance, or lack of insight about why they're here.
said it just now," John tries again. "There's brady, BP's come and gone, pupils blown, open skull fracture and the burns. She's
. Thankfully, Sherlock is fast, too. He never purposefully seems to exercise, his diet is appalling, and he smokes sporadically but heavily. Yet somehow he looks like an Olympic athlete darting after London's foulest, as case after case inevitably leads to chases and arrests. He is fast, and he is formidable — a sight to behold as he vaults over things like a parkour professional.
The press appears to be selectively ignoring the fact that Sylvie Fairholme had filed for divorce and then withdrawn her application twice in the nineties. They are also ignoring the fact that Sylvie had likely lain helpless on the floor for hours while Roger knocked back more than his fair share of pints at the pub he frequents. He'd been put on the stand by his barrister, and their strategy had included being honest about the fact that he'd been very inebriated that night. It's their excuse that Roger had registered very little of what he'd been told about her final hours and diagnosis. He'd gone berserk after the Coroner's Inquest, he claims, because it was only then he learned what he thinks is the truth: that Sylvie had every chance to survive but had been deprived of proper care. The tabloids have made the couple into victims of what they're describing as '
He's quiet and subdued, except for when he's kicked to the kerb six PT candidates sent by Mycroft. His movements were inordinately careful for a few days after the removal of the stitches — he seemed to fear the wound would rip open. He should be desperate for a case, cranky and acting out. He doesn't even sulk, just looks as though he keeps forgetting about himself.
He needs to think about food, about clothes, about transport to somewhere he could acquire both, but he's so cold, hungry and sleep-deprived that he can't even decide which urgent need to address first. He'd haunted the house for most of the night, shoving logs into the flames and listening to the northeast wind try to huff and puff the dwelling down. It must have been close to sunrise when he'd dozed off for longer than an hour, only to wake up stiff after sleeping curled up in such an uncomfortable position. At least the now fading warmth had dried the bed linens. They smell like a sweaty human roasted on a fire pit, vintage body odour mixing with earthy aromas of wood smoke and seaweed. They should be washed, and Sherlock might even be willing to do that in the sea if he has no other option, but he's not found a spare set.
_____________
"Yes?" Sherlock turns to face her, placing a palm on the back of a chair.
You didn't know he had been offered such things. You just thought that Mike's reply to your email had been the end of that conversation. Maybe that's why Sherlock had asked you to step out during the latest appointment. You'd felt hurt by that request after everything you'd gone through together, but consoled yourself that it was good that Sherlock was taking charge of his health. Little had you known that you might have just been facilitating his continued denial.
Violet considers this, then starts resolutely heading for the stairs. "Very well. Remind me to give you a set of sheets for the bed."
___________________
It sounds like a warning, and Sherlock can sense it's a prelude to something she wants to discuss.
He's here to talk to you because the operation is over, and Sherlock has survived it. A hysterical grin splits your lips like a slash wound. You must look like a madman.
John throws his head back as Sherlock's hand shoves his own aside and grips his cock. After a few tentative strokes he picks up speed and his other palm shifts to John's belly, fingers splayed to feel as his muscles clench as he nears orgasm. John marvels at how he can be so close so soon. Granted, he's fantasized about something like this — well, not precisely this, but
(the piece Sherlock played to Pichler) and the
He rises from his chair without a word, goes to his bedroom and slams the door.
The incident from medical school is detailed in chapter 7 of
his mobile he's left behind.
_____________
"If it happens, it'll be in the late afternoon or evening, after the surgeons on call have cleared the day's urgent operations list."
"I justified my decisions perfectly well!" Sherlock protests. He catches John giving him a glance that seems to signal surprise and relief.
"I can't work like this," Sherlock mutters.
The bedroom door is closed, and Sherlock wonders whether John wants him to sleep on the sofa. He has no idea which arguments in a relationship warrant such an approach. John has never banished him to the sofa before, but he has retreated there occasionally when sharing a bed has felt too suffocating, too intense and too risky in terms of being touched when he can't tolerate it. Does he want physical consolation now? How much angrier would John get at him if he opened the door?
What dominates his thoughts still as he plants his still shoe-clad feet on the floor is tea. He'll have to find some water and some firewood before achieving what, at home, is the simplest of tasks for an Englishman. He bares his teeth thinking of Mycroft, probably sitting down at this very moment in his tidy kitchen, an ironed morning paper primly arranged onto a silver tray by the housekeeper next to a perfectly brewed cup of Assam.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I know it's a touchy subject, and I know it's not because of anything connected to you, it's everything he's been through before. Even if it's me asking and not him, can you… could you possibly––"
." Sherlock sounds irritated, now. "I don't know why you won't believe me."
“How sure are you?” one of the techs asks.
Her eyes go wide, and she scuttles out of the office, slamming the door behind her.
"I'm not sure…" you hesitate, staring at the screen. Your table is in a secluded corner, but you still glance around, worried someone will think you've stolen a hospital laptop. "Not sure I should be looking at this."
, should be just the perfect thing. Its difficulty and novelty will force him to concentrate, and its dissonant, aggressive tone should transform some of his anxiety into determination to wrench the piece of music out of his instrument.
"It doesn't seem fair, being in prison when your spouse has just died."
"He's awake and complaining." You both know this is a sign of a baseline mental state returning.
He can't think straight, nor can he pull in a reassuringly deep breath. John wants this, wants
Violet enters after a single knock. As a teenager, Sherlock had learned to anticipate her arrival from the creaking of the steps rather than from that knock. It was a necessary skill to ensure enough time to get off the bed and pull his pants and trousers back up. Now, he doesn't even turn away from facing the wall.
Though it's been nearly two months since the surgery, John is still suffering from altered taste: many foodstuffs retain an odd, metallic tang. They had even forgone champagne tonight — their last-night-of-a-holiday-trip tradition. Sherlock had made a reservation at a well-known restaurant in a nearby town, but had agreed with John, who had begged off going based on his taste bud issue.
"To go
Should he continue since a tumour removal is what the patient wanted even though it's uncertain how much benefit it'll offer for them?
. He made a polite inquiry of it, standing by the fireplace, wringing his hands behind his back. He'd put on his proper clothes that day; no more ratty pyjamas and dressing gowns. He'd not left the flat yet; the stairs were a bit much for him, but he put on his clothes and looked like half of him expected to be praised for his cleverness and half to be rapped on the knuckles as he awaited your response.
abusive!" The defensiveness that floods in surprising Sherlock with its intensity. He no longer feels sad — he can now recognise he's angry.
less time."
operating. That way he won't have a backlog of complaining patients and family members waiting when he gets out of theatre.
John is done with the larger upper limb joints and moves on to testing how the sensory and motor functions of Sherlock's fingers are doing. Next, he takes his time to feel the contours of each wrist and metacarpal bone. Sherlock has large but delicate hands, proportionally long fingers, and well-defined forearm musculature; it's easy to believe that he's spent thousands upon thousands of hours holding a bow to coax beautiful music out of a violin.
Only a brief thought of Victor floats by. Sherlock is certain, now, that Victor spared no love for men, just lust. Lord only knows how he felt about women.
"Not a good idea. You'd be putting him in a difficult position as a spouse, knowing something Sherlock doesn't."
It feels oddly as though they could be old, comfortable companions and at the brink of something new and dangerous at the same time.
"It got pretty bad yesterday — a tendon in your heart snapped and you went into cardiac dysfunction. You had surgery for that in the evening. They wanted to make sure your blood pressure and heart function were stable before they let you wake up," you explain.
____________
John scoffs. "He won't even talk to me; I doubt you'll have better luck with him."
At half-past eight, Sherlock is still lost to the world. John goes through his morning routines as quietly as he can, then retreats to the landing to sit on the steps to make a call to Joanna Pichler.
"It's not her job to have any particular sympathy towards doctors. Most people who don't work in healthcare are likelier to sympathise with a patient than a doctor."
Holmes," Sherlock mutters half-heartedly.
"Yet you are here today."
"You don't need to be worried," you promise, then want to bite your tongue when you see his sceptical expression. His gaze isn't as sharp as usual — he looks distant, distracted, alarmed.
John watches his husband, tries to read his expression. There's surprise, alarm and then, a quiet determination. He sticks his spoon into the pudding, shoves a quick spoonful of it into his mouth, and snatches the letter from John's fingers.
"That things weren't… good at home. That John could have returned to work physically but refused to do so. That I was… under some pressure. He came to visit, talked to John. After that, I believe John reserved his first appointment with Doctor Hooper."
The impact of his error had been clear as day to Sherlock right from the start. He has not apologised to the patient because he was never given a chance to do so. Sherlock had told the panel that Dr Pichler had asked him, as part of his therapy, to write a letter to the patient even if he never sent it. He had not been able to fulfil this assignment because it had been suggested at a time when his reserves were drained by the process and the antidepressants prescribed by Dr Pichler had not begun to take effect yet. As for taking steps to change his practices… as usual, Sherlock has overdone everything rather than ignore what is being expected of him.
She doesn't need a therapist; all she'd needed was an answer from someone who allegedly knows how to handle her son.
Joanna had done a good job in framing the suggestion in a way that did not signal that John was not up to the task of looking after his husband; she said that circumstances beyond both their controls had made London problematic because the place was so intimately interwoven with Sherlock's career. John shared with her that he thought that Sherlock isolating himself in the flat was making things worse.
He’s cut off by Collings. “Sherlock; I promise you we’ll look after him. He’ll get an IV before the CT. You’ve been nil-by-mouth for at least six hours?” He asks John.
"He absolutely knows what it's like, Sherlock, he
[From G. Lestrade at 14:56] THATS GOOD THAT WORKS
"He told me that he thinks he needs to be more perfect than anybody else in the OR. He seems to think he needs to compensate for other things with that."
John is biting his lip, looking out towards the sea. He seems uneasy, restless. "I better go. Want a ride back?"
"What happened at GOSH?" John asks gently.
" Sherlock hopes that John's drunken logic will accept this as a reasonable demand.
invaded Afghanistan!"
A response comes within minutes; Edgar tells him he's happy to bring in breakfast, arrange an expedited Ocado order and to book takeaway for the evening from one of Sherlock's favourite places. John okays his suggestion of Chisou, an upmarket Japanese restaurant in Knightsbridge that does their own deliveries to ensure the correct temperature for each dish. Edgar also asks if John would like him to commission private security. '
"Believe me, it's also not mine. What don't you like?" John asks and tries to will his trilling heart to calm as he feels Sherlock's naked form press closer. He's not hard, but the enthusiasm with which he is plastering himself against John could easily be mistaken for desire.
"No, but your brother had a point about your violin-playing. Best be on the safe side, avoid a non-union."
John's hands are by his sides, fingers nervously thrumming the mattress. He feels terribly exposed. "You… um… you want me to…?"
"No point in taping it, that skin's just going to swell and shed," John says.
[From G. Lestrade at 14:28] SORRY SHERLOCK CANT SPARE YOU NEXT WEEK
patients, Sherlock. What about that opera singer? What about all the other people you have told us about whose surgeries have been a success? Do they care, after you've removed their brain tumours, whether you said all the right things? I don't often say the right things to people," Violet argues, "but I manage. We both do."
"You've allowed yourself to hope that you might cope better than you expect with interpersonal relationships. The unavoidable, occasional retreats to old, less effective coping mechanisms and the small falls we all take with other people need not discourage you from believing that you have improved a lot. I know setbacks are discouraging, but dwelling on them is not going to help, nor should you use them as an excuse to fall back on
" by the press. It's a shame Sherlock hadn't been consulting for the Met yet; he would have loved to put that waste of space behind bars. Perhaps this new culprit has studied Colin’s cases and learned something from Ireland's errors; Sherlock is well aware of how serial killers idolise and study their colleagues and sometimes even seek to correspond with them in prison.
"That's very good," Mycroft says courteously. "If there is anything I can do, let me know."
John sits perched on the hand rest of his armchair as though sinking down into the seat's soft comfort would somehow mock the seriousness of our conversation.
asks his brain's approximation of his brother's dismissive voice.
John acts quickly, zipping down the coveralls to Sherlock's waist, not caring a bit that they're in plain view in a hallway and Sherlock is only wearing his pants underneath. He digs out Sherlock's long woollen coat from the plastic bag and drapes him in it. "Bit scratchy without a shirt, but probably better than that full body condom."
The atrial fibrillation stays away, though you'd never believe it if you just looked at the way Sherlock is behaving. He's constantly on high alert, avoiding sudden movements, refusing PT and mostly just staring at the ceiling or occasionally reading something on his laptop. He doesn't seem to want you to see what. You're convinced he's terror-googling things, but you can hardly tell a grown man what to do, can you?
"There is such a thing as a lie of omission."
would have wasted some breath," Sherlock quips and leans down to inspect the gaping head wound, no longer bleeding but there is white matter visible at the bottom of the hole, the edges of the injury collapsed inwards. Sherlock tests for corneal reflexes and pries open both eyes to shine his penlight in. "Both pupils blown."
"The endocrinologist you referred me to doesn't think I can be without insulin," Sherlock muses in the dark. They're lying next to each other, weighted blanket and top sheet pulled up to their chests. John is wearing just his underwear to bed and Sherlock had stripped down to his pants all the same, perhaps assuming John was demonstrating the proper way to do things. "That part of my pancreas has given up the ghost."
"I'm not sure I understand the difference."
John perks up. Now they're getting somewhere in this discussion. "What do you play, Sherlock?" Judging by the man's physique, John would bet on tennis. Or perhaps he's a swimmer. Or maybe track and field. Running, maybe. Dancer? Then again, the term 'playing' is not associated with those. Beach volleyball? John rather thinks Sherlock would look most fetching in those outfits or tight cycling shorts, but such thoughts must be put aside, professionalism and so on.
John's head whips towards the television. The person competing for the prize gets their answer wrong; Ernest Rutherford did not receive the Nobel prize for discovering the neutron. John chuckles, coming to the door to help Violet out of her coat after giving her a peck on the cheek. "Hi, you two. How was traffic?" he asks.
The kettle whistles in the kitchen, startling them both.
He scans the first page.
________________
"You should record that and just press play when you get a new patient," I tell the doctor.
Sherlock shakes his head. Confusion and lack of answers must be worse than being certain of what Sherlock might have done or said to bring about what happened yesterday. Sherlock operates on data, needs the structure of factual information to construct a path for himself through life. When he doesn't have all the puzzle pieces, he's left helpless.
"I don't need to tell you what the potential consequences to your career would have been, do I?"
…Sherlock to have a Garridebs moment:
'I guess things just fixed themselves as he got better and no longer had to fetch and carry everything to the same degree. Once he got off the crutches and into a boot, we could get out of the house and the fresh air helped. His mood improved, and we decided to book a holiday for a couple of months later as something to look forward to. They say time heals all, and it really did in our case.'
Ardle then waddles back to his bike, recovers the plastic contained and drops in on the ground. "Tree daes," he says, emphasising the message by sticking up three fingers and then tapping his nose with his forefinger with a conspiratorial smile.
There, Sherlock nearly walks into a man roughly his age — perhaps a few years on top — with sandy, wind-tousled blond hair, a very short-trimmed, neat beard and a posture which instantly, instinctively sharpens when his jaw whips up and he comes face to face with the intruders. It takes the man but a split second to take in the sight of Sherlock and Angus, and he seems to relax fractionally upon recognising the latter.
"Yes, please," Sherlock says, and it's the first time he's sounded even marginally eager to participate in his own care. "Out!" he directs at Mycroft Holmes, making a shooing motion with his hand. "You've done enough."
He hasn't laughed like that once since arriving here. In fact, he can't remember laughing like that since… he can't remember.
"Yes."
Mrs Mills is lucky for two reasons: first of all, her AVM was diagnosed when it was still intact but causing symptoms. Second of all — at least in John's opinion — she is lucky because of who her surgeon is.
He places John’s laptop on the bedside cabinet. “I took the liberty of subscribing you to four different entertainment streaming services.”
', she warns in her reply. '
To Sherlock, instead of a promise, it sounds like what someone one might say at gunpoint. Then again, he doesn't really know how to read these things. He is still a live wire, and John is trying not to trip him.
There are rules of thumb you have learned while living and working with Sherlock: first of all, he may fail to notice minor injuries. Secondly, he ignores ones slightly worse than minor. Thirdly, when he stops ignoring things, things are serious. Today, you create a fourth rule: when Sherlock
_____________
He shouldn't dwell on the concept of friends, especially not now. He won't befriend anyone here, because he's going to be leaving soon. Not that he ever befriends anyone anywhere. Some people tolerate him, like DI Greg Lestrade and that pathologist at Barts, though she appeared to be seeing him as a potential romantic partner rather than a work acquaintance until Sherlock had once brought Victor along. A body had popped up in a serial killer investigation hours after Victor had showed up at Sherlock's doorstep. He knew Victor wouldn't be disturbed by the sight of a dead person, even if they'd met quite a gruesome end. He'd wanted Victor to see a bit of his work, to demonstrate why he was good at it.
"It's so good seeing you're on the mend," Violet tells John while dabbing her lips primly with a piece from the kitchen roll John has put on the table. "I'll be off, now. I believe George needs the car later today and I don't want to keep him waiting."
"Why? He was already anxious at work, and what happened yesterday is going to make his stress level skyrocket."
"I think this calls for cake," Mycroft declares.
Sherlock shakes his head.
"You've been in bed for a day and a half, including being on the operating table where you couldn't shift around. Not surprised you'd get sore."
"Of course; I got the appy carted to recovery."
John grins while filling the kettle; Sherlock never bothers specifying that he's answering on behalf of the neurosurgical service — he assumes they all know who he is. If they don't, then they'll have to face the consequences of trying to boss this particular neurosurgeon around.
"It's over, now. He's been arrested, won't probably be let out before the trial."
"Where's your bag?" the PA asks, "and your violin…?"
"Other people focus on my mistakes. I want to eliminate them."
feelings, to accept them and give them space. That's what I am here for. Our sessions are that space, a place where we can look at them in… let's say it's like a laboratory in which we can safely examine things which might wreak havoc if released into your home environment."
Sherlock awards the woman with his fifth glare of the day. He and Lestrade then retreat to the doorway to watch as the scene is documented. The bright flashes of the evidence cameras make them blink.
"But you treat and diagnose the living? Well enough to carve a niche for yourself in London's fierce private practice competition?"
"I will look after him," Mycroft promised solemnly. "He won't be alone in the house; if I must go to the office, the housekeeper and the security guard will be here."
"The idiot customs officer confiscated it because it wasn't in a blister packet or its original bottle. I didn't want to bring the whole hundred tablet thing, so I put what I needed in a ziplock bag."
John resists the urge to shove his finger between his temple and the foam on the rim of his plastic visor. There's something in the blue material that makes his skin itch like mad, and after every shift he's left with an angry, red welt on his forehead after meticulously removing all the protective gear keeping him from catching the virus that has humanity in its chokehold.
"Is that Pimm's with lemonade?" Sherlock asks, leaning around Violet to gander at what George is pouring into pitchers filled with fresh fruit wedges, cucumber pieces and strawberries. "John, get me some. But leave the liqueur out."
"The bypass promotes blood clotting. What if there are significant amounts of blocked microcirculation––"
"I enjoyed this far more than I would have watching grown men chase a stuffed-up piece of leather around a field," Sherlock assures him. He climbs to his feet, boneless from the whisky.
"Don't use me as an excuse, John."
a graduate chemist?"
"It ends on Monday, Sherlock. I'm perfectly fine. If I just worked in an office, I would have probably been back after three weeks."
"And you're telling him what?" This should be good.
My skin tingles and feels too tight. I shake, and I shake, and he buries his face in my chest.
things.
this, Sherlock, and you can control it." She instructs him to hold his breath, then release it, keeps repeating it many times until he can begin to attempt to comply.
"Maybe there's choices we make and choices we're led to make." John rises to feet which he seems unsure will carry him at first. "I better go. I just wanted to see you, felt that maybe I owed you an explanation."
Sherlock feels nauseous, his stomach in knots and his head throbbing from crying. His thinking sounds so… exaggerated when she describes it in such terms, but her description is accurate.
Violet Holmes has never explained herself to him like this, has never signalled that it's in any way important for him to understand why things in their joint lives have gone the way they have.
Sherlock frowns. He's not quite catching the point. "But there
"They've been trying to establish a phone connection, but he's not playing ball. Not interested in talking to the police."
Three hours later, Sherlock requests coffee and a straw. His usual rhythm of caffeine consumption had been disturbed this morning by John's absence — there was no one to produce their morning espressos. The fancy machine that sits on the counter is complicated enough to warrant reading its forty-page manual, and Sherlock will not deign to do such a thing. He was thus forced to drink two cups of regular sludge from the hospital canteen. Not remembering that John wouldn't be home until tonight, Sherlock had told Edgar there would be no need for his services until Wednesday, which means that the PA hasn't restocked his nicotine patch stash at work. He'd quit smoking (again) several months earlier and doesn't really need the patches anymore, but he likes to put on one for longer surgeries just to be on the safe side. Right now, he's not certain which one he's feeling the slight withdrawal from — caffeine or nicotine. The physical manifestations are far too mild to be distracting, so he ignores them.
"I'll answer any questions you've got, but only after you come to your appointment."
"Maybe in Switzerland, but in the UK it depends on the topic." John would have refused to leave the room.
The patient, Mr Zezelj, is brought out of sedation after an MRI two days later. Though no signs of epilepsy emerge, Lestrade thinks it best to keep them on a low dose levetiracetam until their transfer to a university hospital in Belgrade is complete. As predicted, he has a hemiparesis affecting mostly the lower limb on the opposite site to the infarction, decreased verbal fluency and not aphasia — which is better than expected. There is visual neglect meaning that they don't notice things on some areas of their visual field though they are right there, and apraxia — jerky, uncoordinated movements, especially in tasks requiring precision. Four days later, the patient is stable and ready to engage in a physical therapy plan and a medical flight out of the UK, and that is when Lestrade lets Sherlock read the patient notes on his office computer.
Andrew watches patiently, nods to the doctor and the respiratory therapist who readjusts the oxygen flow in the mask a bit lower. The two of them then leave after instructing blood gases to be drawn from the arterial line in fifteen minutes.
The bitterness in his tone, I do not expect; it echoes the tone of my own thoughts. "Why would you want me, hm?" John asks. "What have I got to offer? Single dad with anger issues who's let himself go and who gets off chasing after some madman solving crimes all over London."
She'd told him he wasn't in a cage and he should walk out of the office, down to the ground floor and then, if he was feeling up to it, he could come back with his excess restless energy spent.
(See the end of the chapter for
Doctor Pichler regards her carefully, perhaps even a little evasively. "I must admit that my sympathies lie too much with Sherlock to be completely impartial. I also dislike having to conceal things from clients which I have learned from their family members."
. John jogs through the list of symptoms in his head.
There's an image frozen on the ultrasound machine screen of the colourful jet of blood flowing back and filling Sherlock's entire left atrium. He's looking at it, lips parted as he tries to breathe deeply enough, but his lungs can't take over from other organs, just struggle to compensate for what's wrong.
John pats the pillow on Sherlock's side. "Come get warm."
Sherlock is suddenly on his feet, his breathing ragged and his eyes blazing as he stares John down. "You don't get it! Unlike the rest of you, I
The medical husbands are
"You're asking me?"
"Let me backtrack a bit, because something we discussed earlier might even connect to this."
Lestrade leaves the OR and John continues preparing for the emergence phase of anaesthesia. Since everything went well, he can extubate the patient in the OR once he's certain they are regaining consciousness and obeying directions.
There's a nod, a shifting of the curls that tickle his chest. He wraps his arms around Sherlock, keeps him close and breathes deep, hoping that their rhythms might sync, and Sherlock would stop trying to hyperventilate on him. "You've been on high alert for hours, and now you're coming down. You just got signals a bit confused. It's alright."
John opens his mouth to comment, but Holmes heads for the door without a word, marches out and slams it behind him. John runs after him and grabs the back of his jacket just as Holmes is about to press the elevator button.
"You'd care if they thought you were stupid or wrong," John cogitates.
a surgeon," Violet says with conviction. "How could you not be one? How many patients have you helped in your career so far? Thousands? Now, they're questioning your conduct in
. Would you have wanted to see a video of your shoulder being repaired? You're not sure. Maybe you're making this suggestion too early, or maybe it's off the mark.
context, means a steady slog of failing upwards at best."
"Took him not fifteen minutes to start coming round once I shut off the propofol completely," Andrew says, and he only sounds half-surprised. You wonder what of your rambling explanations about how Sherlock is not like most people Leah had conveyed to him.
"You had not disclosed it before?" the chairman seems surprised.
His heart rate has picked up; he can hear it whooshing in his ears as the full tide of nicotine hits. His fingertips tingle momentarily which means he's achieved the dose he wants but hasn't gone overboard since the sensation disappears quickly. Hopefully the headache that hits when he overdoes it won't appear. The edge of his irritation has blunted, but he doesn't feel too lethargic. After pocketing the cigarette, he makes sure his white shirt is neatly tucked into his trousers. Sherlock also unbuttons his royal blue jacket —
, hear me out. When you were a child, I constantly felt like I was failing, doing things wrong. But I couldn't quit. I
— a soldier. He can withstand significant amounts of pain. Shouldn't you administer tablet-form pain management well in advance to the blood levels dropping significantly? If he doesn't get his regular doses, he'll be in unacceptable levels of pain before the next dose kicks in."
"No, John! It's the other way around — I was testing
for general ambiance
series
Joanna doesn't quite breathe a sigh of relief — there's a lot to discuss, to reframe, to explain, but at least she now knows which things in their last session may have brought this on. "Things are not as black and white as your anger may have prompted you to believe. We are all capable of treating our partners both badly and kindly. Certain behaviours are rare and uncharacteristic, while certain others might be a part of a pattern. I believe I made this point during our last session as well, that it's not fair to summarise a person based on just one of their behavioural traits which has presented under duress."
Holmes looks sceptical at the insinuation that he's not perfect, either. "Why would he strike them with that end? The two prior victims showed no bruising, just the blade strike wounds."
They open their eyes at the same time, drift apart but their arms remain around one another —
. He'd stopped caring after Victor died, he'll admit to that. But he doesn't want to say the name out loud. Why would he have left London because Victor died? Is that what John had done?
"Are you happy with proceeding with this plan?"
"He's paid attention to that, then. Does he seem to find that flattering?"
"Go home," he says after a moment of silence passes. He doesn't do polite, so you assume he's moved on to self-loathing now, wallowing in how he might think he's burdening you, worrying about how your image of him might be changed by the sight of him right now.
John's jaw sets firmly as the decision is made.
It's not his usual sort of thoughtfulness — that intense, bloodhound-like concentration when his gears are turning to solve a problem. No, this is absent-minded, scattered, lethargic and might get interrupted with his lids drooping and a snore erupting. The only thing that seems to raise his heckles are the rounds. He grills the doctors about minuscule details, about risks and statistics; he challenges their expertise — and consequently the limits of their bedside manner. You're reminded of a caged wild animal circulating their pen trying to find that one weak spot, that one mistake, that one truth that would unravel it all. He demands data about rare complications, about the meanings of things on the radiology statements and lab results. Your theory is that what looks like distrust towards those caring for him is actually worry about whether an issue could develop with the artificial valve which would force him to go through all of this again.
He curses. The two half-litre water bottles supplied by his escorts won't last long, and he can hardly drink seawater. It's time to see if this Angus Ardle is of any help.
Below, Saturday night traffic on Baker Street is churning towards its destinations. Black cabs are transporting punters from bars and clubs, the odd police car drives by without sirens on. Sherlock has often thought of the humanity infesting London as akin to the fog that so often descends upon the city: tolerable, but eventually it begins to lower one’s spirits in how it constantly grates one’s nerves and exhausts one’s reserves.
John swallows. He hadn't expected this, for Sherlock to sound like he's asking for an opinion, a Sherlock who's sharing the contents of his head voluntarily.
He grits his teeth as memories of
Sherlock can't hide his confusion. "You have prior experience of how slow recovery can be. It took months for your shoulder."
"Are you sure? How can you tell?"
, Sherlock realises. And that leaves
Violet sits down in the desk chair, leans forward a bit. Facing the wall, he can't see her, but can tell what she's doing from the creaking of the floor and the chair and from the shadows shifting on the wall. This room was his safe haven from everything as a child and a teenager. He chose to leave it behind, but it has always been here, waiting.
"Oh," John says, and leans forward to stoke the fire. His expression is odd — as though disappointment is battling relief.
All the little things we never got to see when an army doctor and a consulting detective were adjusting to sharing a flat. And a life.
Sinus rhythm resumes. The bleeding restarts with a vengeance. An artery won't clot shut as fast as a vein, and this isn't just a narrow blood vessel — it's a bloated, expanded section of an artery.
"You've regained much of it."
"What is–– what is the situation now?" Sherlock asks. "You are speaking rather well. What about… what about walking? Or aprax––" he realises the word might not be something the man will recognise. "Do you have any trouble with moving your hands or with walking?"
"Not really," John grins. "The way you dress, and talk… whatever country lord sired you would not have let you skip that bit. I bet there's a country pile somewhere."
"Sherlock, no, that's not how I want you to feel. This GOSH job has proven that you don't need me to act as your mediator anymore. And I'm sorry I've tried to corner you about what happened last night. Anyone can have an off day, a shit judgement moment. Anyone can freeze. It's happened to me, too, and I'm embarrassed about those moments, but we both have a hell of a lot more good moments when we've done a great job. One bad case doesn't nullify how good a doctor is."
John raises the hands he has seized by the wrists and brings them to his chest, gently coaxing Sherlock to lie down on top of him instead of continuing his frantic attempts and getting them naked.
“We should probably put your name on it, too, if you end up suggesting lots of tweaks.”
," Sherlock points out.
Sherlock snaps on a pair of gloves. "Sedated?"
He's not looking at Sherlock, who wonders if John is talking about himself, Angus, or perhaps all three of them. "You work in the village, then? I assume there are people to talk to there," Sherlock suggests. he never really seeks people out for company, and something tells him John rarely does, either. Why else would an army doctor choose to live here?
"Sherlock," he says, and his voice is clearer, now, loud enough to be heard even through the haze of hormones and the veil of drugs. "That’s my real name."
, he reminds himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
"While being able to manage things I cannot?
responsible for was swept under the rug.
It adds to Sherlock's annoyance, and he taps out an immediate reply.
When big brother had asked about Scotland, Sherlock couldn't tell if it was truly to acquire data or to confirm established suspicions.
"It's likely we both will. Working in healthcare and all."
"Fitfully? Is he in pain?"
____________
John is looking at him as though he's a bit daft. "That's when you catch the most."
"A plastic bag with random unnamed tablets. You didn't consider what that might look like?"
"You're not using, are you?" John's voice asks him at the other end of the line. That voice sounds much less concerned than its chosen words should signal.
Sherlock doesn't turn on the lights; the fairy lights hanging from the curtain poles are just bright enough to keep him from bumping into furniture. He runs a glass of water from the tap but hesitates in drinking any of it, worried he'll get even more nauseous.
You find yourself angered, now, by what kinds of fucking winners have provided medical care for him in the past to make him feel like a nuisance instead of the centre of his own care. That anger then turns into determination. No, you can't fix these dreams or erase these vague recollections for him, but there is someone who can help — someone who would have been there in the OR with their wits intact. Sherlock needs more data, and you're going to acquire it for him.
“Thirty quid for three grams,” Wiggins tells him. "First purchase discount."
"Usually, it's worse."
Violet is on her feet in the corridor the moment the appointment room door opens. Though the psychiatrist must have seen her name on the day's list, she still appears cautious — surprised that she has shown up? It's peculiar that Joanna Pichler doesn't conceal such a reaction. Violet has seen her appear calm and composed even when facing Sherlock's fickle moods and petulant anger. Clearly, she has outstanding skills in schooling her features into the sort of a neutral mask which one would expect from a mental health professional.
Sherlock ignores you. His phone has just chimed with a text which he glances before tossing the phone to you, coughing. It sounds a bit wet, and when he removes a tissue from in front of his mouth, there are streaks of crimson on it.
, can he?
"I have considered this. Undoubtedly, I will stand out by default since inevitably, same-sex partners will be a minority, if not a rarity. But John did not conceal our male-male partnership when he was in Afghanistan, even tacked up photos of us in his office. I'm sure he did not exactly advertise it, but… This will be different, of course; at Sandhurst, the focus will be on people and not on surviving a war. But he's still a decorated Captain-rank officer. I am not expecting to face overt bigotry, and I wouldn't lose sleep over some idiot commenting on the topic."
"What about shortness of breath? Any chest pain?" Mike asks Sherlock.
stick to the facts without adding in prickly commentary. Intelligent, absolutely, but let's give smartarse a wide berth.
Sitting in the chair reserved for visitors in John's office, Sherlock feels as though he's been summoned into the headmaster's office. John is sitting on the corner of his desk, so close that their feet are nearly touching on the worn grey carpet. His arms are crossed, but he doesn't look angry.
"I am operating."
His husband answers in good spirits; he's currently not in pain and says he feels deliciously naughty having a second helping of ice cream today since that and yoghurt is all he feels like eating. Sherlock tries to increase his motivation for coming home by listing all the ice cream flavours he's got in the freezer. John tells him to stop fretting, to come see him tonight and that he'll be home tomorrow.
, John, not the London marathon."
"My abstinence has never been dependent on sitting in a circle with a bunch of average idiots wailing about our terrible childhoods. And my sobriety is
Reading the letter again, John realises that the specific limitations the GMC has selected in this case may be the most bruising part of it all. They are not suspending Sherlock, which is the commonest type of Interim order, or making him work supervised which would, of course, have been humiliating. No, what the GMC has decided is to tell a surgeon that he can carry on his clinical duties as usual, but he simply isn't allowed to perform surgical operations or make decisions regarding their necessity for individual patients.
. John, who wouldn't look at him when they made love for the first time. John, who would retreat at any sign of messy, complicated emotion being added into the equation. John should have been the perfect antidote, the most sublime exorcism for the idiocy of Victor.
He should have brought Edgar along to this…
"I was disappointed that I was unable to help John deal with those problems, that he was so disappointed in me that he behaved that way. But I felt relieved. I wanted someone to see what was going on, because I couldn't fix it."
doctor.
Sherlock leaves John to his boathouse repairs and heads back to the Drever house. They'd agreed he'd return at six in the evening. Sherlock needs an afternoon for himself, too, since there is one thing he must sort out before being in John’s proximity again: having a proper wash. He's carrying the grime of six days without a shower, and while that may have been tolerable on a fishing trip, it certainly won't do for an evening in. What is worse is that Sherlock is convinced his hair will permanently be infused with the scent of brine unless it's washed. Never mind if he doesn't have any proper products save for the goop the village store had in their selection. It'll have to do. The main problem is that he has no shower. Standing starkers in the windy back garden, pouring warm water from a bucket onto his head does not entice, and he is sure as hell not going to traipse back to John's asking to use his facilities. Tonight won’t be a date, not really — for all he knows, John might be straight. What it is, is an invitation for male companionship, and Sherlock is at the point where he'll take any kind he's offered, never mind how far he’d be willing to take things. The thoughts that keep drifting through his head laced with hopes for more than a friendly encounter are nothing but the products of an idle mind that hasn't experienced in months the sort of high only sex can offer.
"London," Sherlock says.
After the opening ceremony, Sherlock had soon grown tired of trailing after his mother and being introduced to people. To his surprise, they kept mentioning the documentary he'd been in, and eventually he'd asked Violet if she'd told the entire village to watch the reruns. She'd laughed and said she had merely mentioned it 'to a few people'.
He nods.
The Pad See Ew with salmon he'd ordered for Sherlock is waiting in the fridge. Thai food is one of Sherlock's favourites besides Japanese — he says he appreciates being able to tell what's on his plate. Mushy stews and things hidden under pie covers are his horror, one Violet Holmes frequently inflicts on her younger son. John has never quite understood why the two of them, Violet in particular, insist on treating cuisine like a battlefield. She's a great, versatile cook, so why would she insist on serving things she must know Sherlock abhors when he visits? John's parents are long gone from the ovarian cancer which took his mother and the alcoholism which broke their family long before his mum got ill, so he can't know for sure how he'd feel about Christmas dinner as an adult son. He is certain he wouldn't enjoy attempts of being raised and schooled at his age. For years, John had believed Violet's behaviour was just a caring, fussy remnant of very involved parenting. After the Christmas when Sherlock could take no more of it, John had begun to understand what that parenting had really been like as a recipient. In fact, had Sherlock broken ties with her altogether, John would have not tried to turn his head. He's glad that they're getting along better, now, but tries to keep in mind that it has required the help of a psychotherapist and a lot of conflict as Sherlock struggled to get his mother to understand that her behaviour was no longer acceptable. And in some ways, it never had been.
, Mycroft told him the night Sherlock had learned of Victor's death.
That's why he's minutes away from a video call scheduled with Mr Zezelj's wife to the couple's residence in Belgrade.
"It's a bit small for two, I should think."
Joanna tries to open her mouth again, but John interrupts her again by marching to the sink. "May I?" he asks, and without waiting for an answer pulls a disposable cup out of a receptacle and runs himself a glass of water. It gets downed in one gulp, leaving him breathing hard and trying to contain his anger.
She wonders if she should emphasize assuming that the invitation had been a one-off. It hadn't appeared as though the therapist had intended for her to feel like an equal to those women; her children are grown, now, and any advice on raising them would be just hindsight. She is merely someone who could provide some long-term perspective to the familiar dilemmas those parents are facing.
Late that night, just when Sherlock expects the inevitable excuses and apologies which have preceded John's retreat back to his own house, John closes his eyes instead. He hasn't stayed the night at the Drever house yet, nor has Sherlock stayed at his; perhaps that's about to change.
"How did he react?"
John laughs. "You look like I've just told you I want to start running ultramarathons. Don't worry; I don't mean we should do anything drastic. Maybe… start with reconsidering all the takeaway?"
A glance at the monitor tells you the Brinavess hasn't done the trick yet. You pray to whatever god happens to be listening that it will.
Sherlock would welcome being the doctor instead of just a spouse on the side-lines; at least then he'd know what sort of behaviour would be expected of him. Now, he's consigned to the role of husband, and the jury's out whether he possesses any of the required abilities.
John tells himself.
You hastily leave the bed and raise the rail back up out of habit; Sherlock is coherent and not about to fall off the bed anytime soon, even if he took a nap. It's just what was banged into your brain during training: never transport a patient without the rail up. Sherlock doesn't protest, so you leave it like that.
He hates suspecting that he needs a plan; that idea underlines the fact that John might think he is Sherlock's keeper and warden when it comes to addiction. Sherlock can abstain from indulging perfectly well on his own; he’s not doubtful of his own capacity not to nick a few capsules of oxy or whatever they’re going to prescribe. What he
"Is that pain still going on? What's it like?"
Sherlock can hardly afford to turn down the offer, and why should he? He has questions about this island and trying to ask Angus will just lead to mutual confusion. He's keen to see what passes for a village, and to get to make some decisions about what to wear and what to eat.
Edgar opens his mouth, intending to present an answer. Sherlock gives him a venomous glance which snaps his jaw back up.
He notices the fingers of Sherlock's right hand curling into the fabric of his pyjama bottoms.
John thinks and can't help snickering nervously a little at such a mental image. He had suggested a tie for a splash of colour since even Sherlock's dress shirt is black, and Sherlock had stared at him as though he was a pint of milk gone sour. He's not wearing his glasses and had decided against one of the fancy wristwatches Mycroft keeps gifting him in case such as accessory would, quote,
There's a pause in the conversation as they must divert to walking on a car lane instead of the sidewalk because of a water pipe being unearthed by a crew of construction workers. Joanna curses that she'd worn heels today, even though they're quite low.
what he's like and love him anyway!"
Sherlock shouldn't go to GOSH have been flicked away with a dismissive wrist, all of John's efforts at bringing order into the chaos on planet Sherlock swept aside. He's being treated like a bout of tinnitus and not like a husband, but he's maintained his patience so far.
, John thinks, addressing the front of his jeans. They have developed a more snug fit in a matter of minutes. They may be an old couple, but even just the thought of Sherlock in the shower in all his nude glory, cock in hand, neck bent back, a rosy flush on his chest and his eyes half closed…
Those infernal dancing three dots stop him from dropping the phone back on the coffee table. After the chirp comes John's response.
[developing relationship, surgery]
. All these other professionals are the first to second-guess a surgeon's decisions after a procedure goes tits-up, but would they be any better at making these difficult calls? Likely not.
asking them to cover his purchases would be too mortifying. Still, he feels quite whiplashed, even steamrollered by this doctor who he'd only sought out because he needed a wound sutured. This John Watson seems to be appointing himself as some sort of a janitor.
"After what?"
_______________
to extubate = to remove an intubation tube once a patient is breathing on their own
"Your mood is low," she says simply, "and perhaps it's been that way for some time, now?"
waiting, if the standard approach would be a death sentence?" Sherlock muses while folding the skin flaps back and fastening them in place with short, elastic straps with hooks at the end. Attached to a round metal frame now circling the incision, the straps of thin tubing will make sure that the scalp skin won't suddenly flat back and occlude his view of the brain.
Sherlock had been asked if he'd allow this lecture to be recorded and streamed online. He'd said yes to the first, no to the second. He might watch the recorded version with Violet at some point, when and if he is ever brave enough to do so.
doing his job, even if he's a bit of a steamroller about it. "Come on. We'll sort this, and I'll try to get off duty at five. You about done once you work out what to do with the spinal tap?"
John starts introducing things in the village as they turn from the street into the car park behind the buildings on the pier. "This is Gill Pier. The surgery's the first building on the right — used to be the customs office. Best sea views any GP could have, I guarantee. Heritage Centre and the Community Centre are over there, and Peter Miller's shop should have what we need in terms of food. The Wheeling Steen Gallery's got some fantastic photos on display and for sale. Three kirks on the island if you go for that sort of thing."
This makes you think about Sherlock's lost years again, of things which may have happened in hospitals, then, bad things which he doesn't remember in any detail because he'd been under the influence. Despite lacking explicit recall, those events seems to have imprinted themselves into his limbic system, causing so much fear and distrust that his emotional resilience is compromised whenever a crisis involves a threat to his physical well-being. And now, he's reeling from a near-death experience during which his heart had to be stopped.
"Get out," Sherlock says before the words even register in his consciousness. "
"What's going on, then?"
"Any other family than the two of you?"
, you remind yourself,
"What?"
"You've an alcoholic brother."
"I don't think so either," John offers. "At least not now. Pichler said that there's some stuff you've been remembering––"
to be affected by such nonsense after all this time, the outcome is that John needed me, and I couldn't get over the anxiety and the… these things."
It must've been for work, he deduces, or perhaps proximity to family for childcare support.
Not all of the improvements in his mood yesterday can be chalked up to acquiring sustenance and improving his living arrangements. After struggling alone for the first few days on this barren rock, it was nice to have company. The only downside is that Sherlock has always loathed feeling indebted to someone. Years of Mycroft's games of being blackmailed for brotherly favours — for access to things Sherlock should be allowed access to anyway, such as his trust fund — has soured him to being dependent in any way on others. And that includes the sort of emotional dependence people enter into so willingly in relationships.
John tries to march right past this Officer Denysworth. He's too concerned about Sherlock, too riled up, too tired, too shaken to keep sitting still.
Sherlock wonders.
"You see that?" Mike asks, pointing at the jet of turbulent blood flowing from the left ventricle into the atrium. It's supposed to be going in the opposite direction so that it could then be pumped into the aorta. "That's a regurgitation fraction of over seventy percent. And that part of the valve that looks like it's flapping in the wind — that's the cause," he tells Sherlock with courteous enthusiasm. "The chordae must have snapped suddenly. John said that you were chasing someone? Not the first time it's happened during sports if there is a weak spot."
Lestrade startles him when he opens the door. "Everything's stable. CT shows what was to be expected: a partial ACA infarction most likely to cause hemiparesis of the lower limb. Most likely the corticospinal tract will remain intact. I gave them permission for a sedation break tomorrow morning before the round."
, John reminds himself.
"They're still in there," John tells him, his voice tight with frustration and fear.
. Lyrics can be found
"Right." John checks his watch. "I don't suppose you're hungry after polishing up that plate?"
"We have to tell them what happened," Sherlock insists again. He has a sense of his words falling on deaf ears.
All John has in terms of houseplants are a few cactuses. He rarely forgets to water them, either, but they are a very forgiving sort. He snuffs out the questions forming in his mind about the future:
. At least John hadn't used any of the worse words. Sherlock finds himself surprised that John's obvious difficulties with his own sexuality haven't materialised in their conversation much yet. Here it is, though, the polarisation. The accusation. The stereotypes. The holding oneself above
"You say stuff like that whenever there's something a bit not good going on with you," John says, "retreat to some version of things where everything's your fault and you can't manage. Then you just… let things slide."
, Sherlock tells himself incredulously and only barely stifles the impulse to channel his intense excitement into something embarrassing and physical. "Tea?" he asks with a grin he forms too suddenly for it to look natural. He grabs a piece from the kitchen roll and blows his nose, drops the crumpled-up tissue into the bin and washes his hands.
, you tell yourself. You just need to talk him into agreeing to be moved back to the CCU.
John takes his hand. "I know what you meant. We'll work it out. I hope. It
There will be no more rest tonight. The sleeping tablets he’d been prescribed when John had been in Afghanistan have expired and he wouldn’t take one, anyway, since it’s been a while since he’s been on them. He'd worry they might affect his ability to operate tomorrow. He's not even sure the blister packet is still in the house; John periodically goes through the medicine shelf in the bathroom cabinet and takes everything that's expired to the pharmacy.
"Electrocautery carries a larger risk of damage to surrounding tissues." Sherlock is dismayed that he hadn't been a part of that conversation with Collings, and wouldn’t have condoned such a choice.
Lestrade has tried to call Sherlock twice since John had told the brass at King's that he wasn't returning to work until the process was over. He knows John has talked to Lestrade several times, and that he's on Sherlock's side very firmly.
"If we don't compartmentalise, if we don't push aside our own feelings, bury them somewhere so that we can look at the facts, the medical facts, and make the best judgement calls in a system that judges our performance based on just the scientific evidence over what we're doing, our career will end pretty quickly in burnout. Why do you think lots of doctors in this country,
"If they're Serbian mob as some people say, you might want to reconsider saying no," quips Dr Ellen Kim, the anaesthetist. John had met the recently minted neuroanaesthetist at a conference last year and recruited her. She fits in well, and Sherlock has no complaints so far about her skills.
"It was so awful, what happened — any young man would have been terribly affected by it, being bullied so terribly! I wish you wouldn't think so ill of me; you seem to assume that I want to embarrass you."
"Practical help? What does that mean?"
"That's for the courts to decide, not John Watson. And the judicial system decided that you'd suffered enough that they didn't even force you to attend your summons to the Coroner's Inquest."
"It's crossed my mind, yes."
He had nothing to do with the arrangements. Nothing to do with anything. He didn't want to participate in John's death; John's life was all he'd cared about. Mycroft had organised the whole thing, just like he'd organised Rosie's adoption papers twelve years earlier, through which the custody of John's daughter had shifted to Molly.
"You don't think Sherlock would respect your privacy? As a physician, he must know that any medical matters should be revealed only at the discretion of the patient. A child-parent relationship wouldn't automatically make someone privy to those things. How open is he about his own health to you and your husband?"
oesophageal cardiac ultrasound = gives a much clearer view of certain heart structures since the bony thoracic cavity isn’t in the way. It can be done to sedated, awake patients, but it is not pleasant. In cardiac anaesthesia it is used during and after surgery once general anaesthesia is induced to assess heart function before and after the surgical repairs.
He hasn't lied. William
"You have a charger in the office, don't you?" Not that John would count on him to remember to connect it once he gets there.
"No reason why he couldn't go home tomorrow," the exasperated registrar finally tells him.
, he almost snaps, but pinches his mouth shut and jogs upstairs. Before, he would have said it, lingered to have an argument he couldn't win. This should be a triumph — not letting Violet get under his skin and her not overstepping — but this hard-earned victory is being washed-out because he'd needed to escape the sitting room before getting emotional.
"I feared that being with you, going beyond just closeness, things becoming arousing for you would put me off in a way I would doubt this relationship would survive. But instead, I enjoyed it. Can't wait to see more. I want to see you enjoy yourself; I found the whole thing fascinating, if not titillating. I'm sorry if it makes you awkward and self-conscious that I won't necessarily wish for reciprocity, but I do wish to be a part of that in your life within my own boundaries. If you'll let me. If you'll…
"Uneventful in this context, in
"He's a violinist" is
"There are twenty-five thousand collisions involving a vehicle in London every year. There's no supernatural pretermination who gets into the worst accidents. It didn't happen because the universe needed to punish you." God, Sherlock hates this sort of magical thinking. It's fruitless and egotistical and leads to people wasting their lives because of guilt.
Sherlock manages to catch his breath before he hyperventilates. Wouldn't do to
Emma is clearly covering for John, who's gone awol. And something tells Sherlock it's not the first time.
Sherlock huffs. Yes, she has told him this in many versions. Violet has, too. But it's hard to accept after the entire world has telegraphed at him for decades that not much can be expected from him in terms of interpersonal relationship skills.
"Because this isn't a Tesco where you pick the valve you want off the shelf. They don't do biological valves on patients as young as you, period. There was no choice, really."
― William Shakespeare,
Wiggins gives him a thorough once-over. “Dunno what you look like. Private detective, maybe,” he suggests, chuckling, "coppers ain't got the kind of money that buys suits like yours."
, you tell yourself.
"He's had major surgery and his circadian rhythm is messed up," Andrew reminds you. "It's normal that patients can get a bit overwhelmed. Give him time," he says gently as though it's you who needs comforting, reminding of what has happened. "Familiar company's good. Anchoring."
Wouldn’t that be all the more reason to program it in since Harry wouldn’t have learned the number by heart? Sherlock wouldn’t really have to program any names in since his eidetic memory allows him to remember a virtually unlimited amount of telephone numbers, but the brain does process familiar letter combinations faster than numbers, so he’d succumbed to the lure of convenience.
[ghost story, developing johnlock]
"I'm sorry, but Mister Holmes is unavailable at the time," he chatters into his microphone. "You may leave your name, number and a brief explanation of the enquiry with me and he may get back to you later. No, I cannot comment on those events. Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson have no further comments beyond that they are happy that the ordeal is over, and they extend their condolences to the families of the staff members who were injured or lost their life and the suspect's family. No, I cannot comment on the suspect's motives. That's a matter for the police."
"Conservative care is rarely very exciting," John jokes, "many patients wish for a quick surgical fix even though nobody generally wants to have an operation if they can avoid it."
'Yes, very.'
"I can't go to my place of employment as a
ridiculous?" Sherlock asks in mock horror. "
You need to convince your colleague that this is urgent. "I think there's a risk he may have been awake during the operation." This is at least a slight exaggeration, but it should get his attention.
Sherlock recalls spotting an old shotgun hanging from a hook when he'd used the toilet before tea. "Do islanders hunt birds?"
"I will be doing that myself. It's hardly rocket science," Sherlock scoffs.
"––will land–– his broomstick… any minute," Sherlock manages.
It's one of the things that most differ between the two brothers: Mycroft seems to find consolation and safety in social routines whereas for Sherlock, they're a minefield of pointless expectation to be opposed at every opportunity.
John notes that the haemoglobin is low, and the patient's calcium stores have been depleted — there has to be a bleed somewhere. Thankfully, sodium and potassium values are normal despite the use of suxamethonium. There is a likely severe airway burn since oxygenation is tanking despite the patient being administered 100 % of it through the intubation tube.
pay a visit to John tonight, act clueless about what's going on as though he'd never come to Pierowall today. He's a stranger here, so breaking social rules could be excused.
Sometimes, during the years between, those emotions have blindsided her. Sometimes, when she is looking at photo albums of her boys when they were small, she finds herself imagining a small girl in the pictures, pigtails and a white cardigan, running after her brothers in a size-too-large hand-me-down wellingtons. The forced silence surrounding her when it all happened paralysed her; she'd never quite known whether she was allowed to grieve, or whether the sadness she felt should just be shoved away like the shame of their choice.
"Which is what?" Sherlock asks, crossing his arms.
. He swallows, battling the desire to round the building, run up the fire escape, do something about his clothes, his hair, his… everything. Erase the scent of someone who's not John that his imagination, running wild, is convinced clings to him like this peasoup fog.
Sherlock sighs. He's seen this before — his superior is perfectly capable of civilized text communication, but when busy at work he just won't bother.
"These are temporary quarters for the unit; we don't have remote monitoring, just temporary telemetry for which whoever reads the data has to be in the same room. That portable monitor we just brought in is the only one we've got so we can't reserve it for long. It's got to happen at the CCU, because he'll need an antiarrhythmic drug added to the regime afterwards, and since he's just out of surgery, he needs close surveillance at least for twenty-four hours."
Suddenly, John has to grit his teeth together and look away because hot, angry tears are pricking at the edges of his eyes.
. Carbon dioxide levels had been elevated upon the patient's arrival, judging by the printout, which doesn't bode well for the patient's brain circulation.
John's brows hitch up as he lifts his head to survey this sudden, strange development. "Um… Sherlock?"
He could shove the paper bag at John and say it's an expression of gratitude for all his help.
Sherlock scowls and pays; the price is extortionate for such a substance cocktail.
Mycroft's gaze swept around the cluttered sitting room. "Manifestly so," he sniffed.
Eight days later, John is allowed into Sherlock's Med Bay patient room — now a regular one instead of the HDU — without protective gear. Sherlock has been declared non-infective, his cough just a residual symptom. During their video conference call that morning he'd seemed distracted and a bit worried; John knew that he was due for a more detailed spirometry exam to see how his lungs were coping, and the results would largely dictate when he'd be allowed to start easing back into his duties. Their video calls had become more frequent as Sherlock became more energetic and thus more prone to aggressive boredom and after John's hours on duty in the infirmary had been cut down due to patient numbers dwindling. They keep in constant touch through their Ghost Drift connection, of course, but it's not the same as being able to see and touch their partner.
He definitely doesn't care if Edgar or Dr Pichler sees him like this.
," Sherlock snaps, eyes blazing with anger. He looks as though you've betrayed him, somehow.
You're glad that he's doing a long shift tonight. An unfamiliar face on top of everything else would be disastrous. Then again, if Sherlock is too out of it, he might not recognise even the nurse.
"Of course he isn't! So careless he is when it comes to looking after himself. Thank heavens he found you and dragged you home. Lead the way," she prompts — more of a command, really.
"You look tired," Sherlock says, eyes narrowing as he takes in the sight of John in the dim lighting. "Did the antibiotic clear last week's tonsillitis properly?"
Sherlock would likely not be allowed to shower this early after such surgery, but we know how persuasive the Holmes brothers can be…
' and '
, because I'm scrambling to understand how it could be possible. "Redo the test. It can't be correct."
. He'd felt equally useless at Bastion and then after when John had spiralled into depression. Every attempt of his to defuse the tension in the flat had detonated things between them. The Dengue when they were out in Malosa had terrified him but it had been different; it would be
"There was no outpatient follow-up after he was discharged after the endocarditis," you say, choosing your words carefully because it would feel cruel to place the blame on Sherlock right now. "Could he… could there have been a smaller operation if this had been caught earlier?"
"She's moving to Aberdeen, actually. That stint in rehab in Scotland made her realise she really liked the place. A fresh start, she says. I spoke with her last week; she called to ask if I wanted some of our mother's things that she'd been storing. Old medical books and such."
"Which approach do you think would be more helpful for Sherlock? To speak of her as a little sister, or in more clinical terms?"
"No, I haven't. What has she said?"
"I have a pathologist, but she deals with the dead. I need someone who deals with the living."
Sherlock stops at his tracks and exhales, his gaze sweeping John from top to toe. Perhaps it hadn't occurred to him before now that his discharge would mark the end of being separated by layers of brightly coloured plastic.
"Oh. Well, long-distance things are hard."
Why does Sherlock always flay bare your priorities?
A choking gall and a preserving sweet.
Sherlock emerges from the bathroom some thirty minutes later, hair still damp but smelling of product. John had turned on the telly to have something to do while he waits, and the sports scores have caught his attention. He expects Sherlock to march right down to the remote and switch it off; instead, he just slips onto a chair.
"And she's not worried?"
"You really should head home and not waste more of your weekend here," John tells him. “I feel a bit better, but it's hard to keep my eyes open; I guess that’s GA for you. They’ve obviously put me on something good for the pain.”
"She chose to continue the marriage?"
being useful, just not by being a doctor. Learned to give myself some slack because what was going on wouldn't be easy for anyone, doctor or no doctor."
John remembers reading somewhere that genius was supposed to mean an infinite capacity for taking pains; right now, as he watches for signs that Sherlock's panic attack might not be entirely over or might repeat itself, he couldn't disagree more. If watching Sherlock go through life has taught John anything, it's that genius is brittle, and its strengths are often its frailties. The audience it requires can crush it like spun glass and, deprived of the validation and acceptance it so desperately longs for after it gets mistaken for egotism, it can become a tragedy rather than a triumph.
"No further questions, your honour," the barrister says and retreats behind the defendant's table.
The last time he'd used, he’d been completely in control. It was a conscious choice, a one-off. He'd done it to celebrate the cracking of a complicated and not even that enjoyable of a case. It was two weeks after learning about Victor's death, and everything felt blank. After the adrenaline high of the case’s conclusion dissipated, he didn't want to go home alone, so he walked the streets for a few hours before ducking into a familiar club.
"And replace it with what?" John breathes out.
He averts his eyes. "I wanted a second opinion on whether to continue with tumour excision."
"What is appropriate penance, then? Analysing the cause of a mistake and making sure it won't repeat? I can't do that because I don't know why it happened. I can't focus on the patient, either — Greg said he didn't think I was capable of it at the time, so I wasn't even allowed to try before the case was ripped out of my hands."
"John?"
"Were you familiar with the Holmes-Rahe stress inventory described in the article? Any chance one of the authors is a distant relative, by the way?" Joanna asks.
, and I should just
," Sherlock suddenly says, springs to his feet and disappears in the direction of his bedroom. John hears a thump and a shuffle before Sherlock returns.
"Could it be that you are sensitive to John behaving indifferently or negatively towards you, because you fear the rejection you've experienced all your life from him above all others? John has attended therapy to process these things, and a part of
"She tries to
He slumps onto his back on the bed again, looking up at the ceiling as he attempts to blink away tears of frustration. It takes some time before he dares to look at his mother and let his gaze trace the worry lines and signs of age on her features. She'd probably blame most of them on him.
"An autopsy, apparently," John scoffs. "Call it," he says quietly to Sherlock. "We'll give her a nice dose of opioid and let her go."
"I wasn't in love with you," he tells no one in particular because the dead cannot hear the living. "I shouldn't have been. Who
"I remember specific instances of negligible pain, nothing more, and it was in my neck and my arms, not… not the chest. I was… I wasn't very nervous, at least." Sherlock frowns. "I think I remember hearing you saying things, explaining things."
Is it petty to be disappointed, when John must be doubly so, not to mention ill and miserable? Sherlock can't
John rings the doorbell. Expecting a tall, lean man, he is bewildered to come face to face with an older woman with good posture and a gaze almost as keen as that of Sherlock Holmes.
John is proud of his rooms. They may be more spartan in decor than some of his colleagues', but they are still an entire ladder up from only having a banged-up locker to his name at his prior, public sector and army jobs.
"Oh. I assume that doesn't apply to us?"
"They used what's known as INVOS to monitor brain circulation. I don't know how precise it is, but the internist told me they saw no dips in the readings."
"No, we were not in a hurry. I believe Doctor Holmes' assessment of Mrs Fairholme ended before office hours did. We don't have a habit of leaving early, not even when heading somewhere after work."
