She didn't need to be told twice. Carol balled her hand up into a fist and pointed it at the light above their heads. She released a burst of energy, causing the light to explode and glass shards rained down. Thankfully, they didn't fall on any people, everyone standing just out of the way. It caused Amanda to jump, though, and let out a pathetic little squeak of a yelp.
The surveillance video had turned up nothing. It just showed everything as normal in the lab, but then suddenly it was trashed with no explanation. They thought they had a break when Deputy Fairchild informed them of similar robberies of banks and jewelry stores in the Los Angeles area, but that case was also completely dry for leads. No surveillance video, no fingerprints, no DNA… They were completely at a loss for suspects and even if they found one, they'd have nothing to tie them to the crime. The only thing resembling a lead he had was the idea that whoever did this had the intentions of selling the chemicals on the black market and that was a weak theory at best. He had told the guys monitoring Silkroad to keep an eye out just in case, but he doubted anything would turn up.
"Well, you two pick a side and settle in," he said. "All that we ask is that you don't switch sides or try to move the vinyl sheeting while you're in here. We're trying to avoid cross-contamination as much as possible."
"Thank you, dear." A small smile graced Steve's face. As the two men looked at each other adoringly, Pepper picked her bag and shuffled the papers in her hands.
Tony didn't make it a habit to sleep late. In fact, often he ended up being awake into some ungodly hour of the morning and force himself to stay that way until he got whatever he needed to do done and take a nap whenever the opportunity arose. It probably wasn't the healthiest way to live, but he still always managed to finish everything he needed to and managed to at least sneak an hour or two of sleep in there. If it was enough to keep him functional, Tony wasn't going to worry about it.
," Rhodey said. "Yes, I would expect a lot more people to be injured, but I don't think you understand how high 650 feet is."
The tapes had been circulating for about a month by this point. They still had not really reached wide-spread public knowledge, but the rumor mill was running hot. People spoke in hushed whispers about the possibility of Tony Stark being gay, but for the most part it was dismissed as hearsay. That would be, at least until the tapes reached them and they finally got proof for themselves. Then they would pass off the tapes to the other non-believers and the army of people who knew the truth grew. It eventually spread from place to place, city to city, friend circle to friend circle. However, it seemed the last people to know about it were the people closest to Tony Stark himself.
He didn't have much time to beat himself up over it. A few moments later a nurse came in to take a throat culture and some blood. The culture wasn't a problem but drawing the blood could have gone smoother. It took six times for the nurse to find a vein. He normally didn't mind needles but getting stabbed by one over and over was not a pleasant experience. He was ever so thankful when the nurse announced that she had what she needed, and the test results would be back in a couple of hours. At that point, he was left alone to contemplate his fate.
"Yeah." Steve noticeably winced at the repetition of his answers, so he expanded on it. "I mean, I'm not really used to this…" He gestured between him and Tony.
"Alright," Tony conceded. "I'm half-lying, half-leaning. It's still better than being upright, though."
"I had to be certain that you weren't somehow involved in planning the attack, Brother Duane." Salinas' voice took on a dark quality. "Now, were you?" Freeman's face scrunched in disgust.
"After my mission to supervise Stark and assess his eligibility for the Avengers Initiative, I wrote a report," Natasha said. "The report detailed my concern for Stark's mental health. However, before it could get to Fury, a third party tampered with it and altered the results of my assessment of him."
"The thing that gets me is that I didn't get to say goodbye," Steve said. "All that time and I couldn't say goodbye. She wasn't the only one, either. There were a lot of people that I didn't get to say goodbye to."
"What are you doing?" Steve shouted over the roar of the wind. He didn't get a response as a muscular man with long blond hair landed on the ramp and strode inside. Tony was getting ready to fire a repulsor blast at the man, before the man whacked him in the chest with a hammer, sending Tony flying clear across the jet. The man then grabbed Loki by the chest, dragged him back down the ramp, and jumped from the plane, taking Loki with him. Steve stood there for a second in shock. Tony got to his feet.
He stepped through the doorframe, into the office, and through the door that led to the assembly station for his armor. It was one of many placed throughout the building. He had it set up so that way he could be on almost any floor and be able to get suited up and ready for battle at any time. The armor wasn't what he was going into the assembly station for, though. He was after his tool bag.
"Roger that," he said before turning and walking off. Once he was gone, Pepper let out another stressed breath while Lara narrowed her eyes at her.
"Col. Rhodes is making his approach to the Tower." Steve quickly jerked around to check the time on the alarm clock behind him. It was nearing eleven o'clock – a little over a full hour before Col. Rhodes was due to arrive.
Unphased, and mostly for his own amusement, Loki said: "I'm listening." He then turned and moved to sit at the edge of the cliff. From his perch, he could clearly get a good look at the scuffle that was about to take place between his "brother" and the "Iron Man". This worked out perfectly for him. He knew Thor's fighting style like the back of his hand, but this would give him a chance to watch the one they called "Stark" in action.
Although he did let the shock of the realization wash over him, Steve did not dwell on it. There were times and places to feel guilty and this was not one of them; not when his emotions were already so turbulent.
"You're missing the point," Tony said. "There is no throne. There is no version of this where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it's too much for us, but it's all on you because if we can't protect the Earth you can be damn well sure we'll avenge it." Loki still didn't seem phased. In fact, it looked as though he was biting back a smirk.
The two men walked to the edge of the carrier's flight deck. Looking down they saw a giant fan emerging from the water. At first, it could easily be mistaken for some sort of submerging mechanism, but once it clicked into place and the carrier started rising, it became clear that the vessel was both sea and air capabilities. Steve had to take a couple of steps backward in sheer shock, and Bruce gave a sort of humorless laugh.
"I know," Tony said. "But this feels like one of those times I should be supportive. Also, I want to." Steve gave Tony a small smile and a squeeze of his hand. Tony returned it in kind.
It hadn't been hard to connect the killings back to Knežević. Although the first death had nothing to connect back to him at all (unless he'd literally murder for a taco) the subsequent deaths only had one man tying them all together. Sure, it could be any current or former convict in the State of California, but none of them had any ties to Lorraine Wilburn and her nieces. Knežević, however, did.
A few minutes after they got seated and settled, a holographic screen came up and began transmitting a video feed from the executive conference room at SI's Malibu offices. The members of the board were sat around a long conference table with a camera and their holographic screen projecting their side of the transmission at the head of the table. Pepper called the meeting to order as she usually did. From there, they were off.
"Sometimes the scariest of monsters wear the most unassuming masks," she said. "They're able to fool everyone; even themselves."
"Give up?" Knežević questioned. "I don't know how." He tried to sit up, but with his injuries, it proved to be difficult. Somehow, though, he managed to do it. "If I just keep at it, if I try hard enough, things will go the way I want them to. They always do."
"Don't tell me I need to change," she said. "I had a long day yesterday and I deserve to wear leggings and Sketchers."
"What?" Tony said, his voice unsure and full of confusion. "No, not exactly… Where did you hear that? What's going on?"
From there, they all went their separate ways. Selvig went with Fury and Hill to see what could be recovered from Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. Clint and Natasha was off to parts unknown. Though they couldn't disclose where they were going, they did inform them that they would attend Coulson's funeral – whenever that ended up being - and that if anything went wrong, the remaining Avengers had a number they could call.
"If it's any consolation, I don't think you'll be putting Betty in any danger by being near her." Bruce scoffed at that.
"Oh, okay." The nurse let out a huge breath of relief. "Sorry, I always ask. You never know how people are going to react."
One second, he was staring at the same still image of the chem lab, the next, the image changed drastically to show a chair turned on its side, a smashed black box on the floor, and the reinforced door to the storage locker wide open. Tony almost jumped out of his seat, it changed so quickly. It was like one of those screamer videos on YouTube, only with no sound.
When Steve forced himself to walk away from that display, his attention was grabbed by another photograph hanging on the opposite wall – a black and white candid shot of him, Bucky, Peggy, and Howard all gathered around a map. They were so invested in what they were studying that none of them had noticed that their picture was being taken. Steve's eyes were drawn to Peggy, who was pointing at something on the map and looked like she was mid-way through explaining something. Tears began to cloud Steve's vision. It just hit him right then and there that he would never see the Peggy he remembered and loved ever again. He didn't let himself break down into full-blown crying, though, and he wouldn't admit that the fact that Tony had placed his hand on his shoulder again might have been a huge help to that.
"Oh, that's too bad," Clint said. "Uh, you guys can head down to breakfast. I'll be down in a few minutes."
Apparently, Clint's lungs had started filling with blood and he was chocking on it. They didn't know where the blood was coming from, but regardless, they had to intubate him. It hurt, but it wasn't as bad as
"I see no reason why we can't," she said. "I mean, this is a farm. There's plenty of space and the kids can keep him busy."
As to not single Lara out, it was mandatory for all upper management and their staff to go through this course, including him. Now, he was just wishing he had sent Lara to nursing school instead. It would have saved everyone a lot of agony. Not that there was no justification for doing the training anyway. After all, they just fired Freeman for slandering the company on national television. It made sense to do it now.
"Your father." Loki bitterly raised a finger in correction. At that point, Thor let him go. "He did tell you my true parentage, did he not?" Slowly, Loki walked past Thor, rubbing a particularly sore spot on his back. He couldn't look at Thor's face and see his reaction. Either Thor would accuse him of lying or already know the truth. Loki didn't want to see which look he'd give him, anger or pity.
"Nice to meet you, ma'am." Steve was able to keep his face cool and composed but he felt his hand tremble a bit as he shook Pepper's. If she noticed it, she didn't say anything.
"Thanks," Tony said, looking at Steve and smiling. Steve didn't get why he kept doing that, but he wouldn't deny that he enjoyed it. Tony looked good when he was smiling, even as pale, sweaty, and weak as he was now.
If this chapter is unrealistic in any way, I'm sorry. I've never been on a date and have never been in a relationship. I don't know how those things start off. The only thing resembling experience I've had in that arena is a crush I've had on the actor Norman Reedus for the past two years. Other than that, I'm clueless.
"That's what I thought," Lara said with a sigh. "What about the others? Have you seen them?" Again, Bruce shook his head.
"She told me, 'there's nothing wrong with you,'" Tony said. "'You're not sick, you're not a bad person, and there's certainly nothing wrong with being who you are. Never let anyone change your mind about that.'"
"What?" He hoped he misheard her, but deep in his gut, he knew he hadn't. "What do you mean?" Pepper brought a hand to her forehead and squeezed her eyes shut. Breathing deeply, she forced herself to continue the conversation, albeit with a pained expression on her face.
"I'll be okay for a bit," Tony assured before a sudden spell of dizziness struck him. He caught himself against the wall before he fell, and Steve rushed to put an arm around him for additional support. "Thanks."
"It's a little more than that, though," he said. "Honestly, at this point, I think I'm just afraid of
Steve sent one look of complete disgust and disappointment at the sweating concierge before turning and heading back down the narrow hallway. Already, he could see that Natasha was far ahead. Steve glanced back to see that Clint and Bruce were following closely behind him. He then started walking faster to catch up with Nat. He saw she was tapping the screen of her phone.
"I'm not upset because I'm afraid," she said. "I'm upset because I shouldn't have been made to feel that way in the first place. He tried to
Tony woke up around one. He didn't have any nightmares (at least, none that he could remember) but he still woke up feeling unsettled. His nerves were firing off nothing but warning signals, but there was no clear danger; just the darkness of an unfamiliar hotel room. He tried cuddling a little closer to Steve, like pouring sugar on an open wound; it did nothing to help and maybe made things worse. He couldn't stop worrying that there was some unforeseen danger in the room, waiting to harm him and more importantly, Steve.
After going through her normal morning routines of doing her insulin injection, having breakfast, and taking her medications, Lara turned her TV around to face her bed so that way if she managed to stay awake, she could watch the press conference. She adjusted the volume so that way it was loud enough so she could hear it from the bed, but not so loud that it would disturb her if she managed to fall asleep. Once that was set up, she got back into bed and shut her eyes, waiting for either Stark Industries to make their statement or for her brain to finally let her fall asleep.
"No," Steve said. "I'm more upset over the fact that we won't be able to do this for the rest of the day." Tony's lips quirked upwards.
Slowly, he made his way over to Steve's side of the bed and sat on the edge, careful not to disturb him. For the most part, Steve was a light sleeper, so its surprised Tony that he didn't wake him up with the nightmare. Then again, it had been a rough few days and he doubted Steve had slept much either. Tony smiled. Steve always looked so beautiful when he was asleep. His face was tensionless, and he looked even younger than he usually did. It never failed to captivate Tony.
"It's a surprise," was the best he could come up with. Natasha clearly looked skeptical but was not willing to push, so she let that point go.
"Yeah, I wouldn't count on that," he said. "Security probably has them held up inspecting the food, so technically it arrived on time."
"Nothing." Natasha almost added an "I'm fine" to the end of that but caught herself before she became an explicit hypocrite. However, that did nothing to negate the fact that she was an implicit one, and Clint knew it.
"Oh… Okay, sir!" It was clear that the operator was having a hard time not sounding starstruck. "I'll notify all responding officers and get you in contact with the chief of police. Is there anything else we should be aware of?"
"Alright," she said. "According to Wikipedia, every social security number issued in the state of New York starts with any number between 050-134. So, your guess of 'five' was close, but not really."
Tony tapped the screen and the see-through device lit up, displaying an unknown number on the screen. Tony's eyes narrowed. The number was way too long to be a telemarketer or anyone in the Continental United States for that matter. Intrigued and skeptical at the same time, Tony hit the accept call button and brought the device to his ear.
"I need to put down the phone for a second," she said. "I won't hang up, I'm just going to ask someone something really quick." She didn't wait for the operator's response as she turned off speakerphone and set the device down on the table in front of her. Taking a deep breath to collect herself, she turned her gaze upwards at the unseen being. "JARVIS, what is the fastest escape route barring the elevator?"
"Hi," Tony responded back with a sense of amazement that he usually only reserved for tech he's never seen before and newborn babies. It caused his heart to swell up so much, tears threatened to start streaming down his face. "I'm alive."
They all watched as Tony took it in low, the creature following closely behind him, snapping its jaws at his feet. Cars were crushed and thrown to opposite sides of the street. Slowly, Bruce started to approach the enormous alien.
"Yes," the woman said. "Well, sort of. Agent Jennifer Duran, Department of Homeland Security. How can I help you?"
"Good," Bruce said. He started to approach the letter's protective housing. "So, there's a moisture strip." Betty nodded in confirmation. "Which means that more likely than not, this thing is alive." A sympathetic look crossed Betty's face.
"Yes, you are," Lara said. "We're going to get you some Tylenol, get you some water, get you to bed, get to the hotel, and get some food in you." She narrowed her eyes at her own wording. "Alright, probably not in that order, but still, we're doing all those things." Again, Lara grabbed him by the wrist and started pulling him towards the exit. Tony did more to resist her this time.
Clint sat on the couch next to her – the proper way. His eyes were glued to the screen of the flip phone in his hands. Based on the movements of his thumb across the keypad, she could easily guess that he was texting Laura. Usually, when they were out for work, Clint limited his contact with his wife. He didn't need to be distracted on a mission, after all, and conversely, he didn't need an enemy learning of his family's existence by tracing a phone signal. However, it was different this time. There were no missions to get distracted from or enemies to face. For once, they were working with the minimal need for cautiousness and secrecy.
Gently gripping the edge of the waistband on both sides, Tony looked up and met Steve's eyes. God, he loved how flushed and breathless he looked. Steve panted a few times before he found himself able to speak.
"Apparently I'm volatile," Tony continued as he hooked up the tablet to the holographic projection screen. "Self-obsessed, don't play well with others."
"Yeah, Tony's going to need to work on your Asimov protocols." Rhodey sighed before pressing his fingers to Tony's pulse point again. He could still feel a heartbeat, albeit one that was a little slower and weaker than it probably should be. "Call poison control. I want a more reliable source of information than the internet."
, a master magician. If anyone tried to mess with his mind, surely he'd be able to stop them, right?
"You better be," was all Cabe said. Lara kept her eyes on Dante until he had gotten into the elevator with Lance and Miller, the doors sliding shut behind them. Only then did Lara let out a breath of relief.
"Like when you took ahold of that nuclear missile and carried it through the portal?" Tony felt all the air leave the room. "Now, Mr. Stark, I think the entire
Adoniram started walking down the hallway that branched off to the left and begrudgingly, Carol followed. The two women stuck close to her, never letting her leave their sight: not even to blink. It made Carol's fists twitchy. She was still dedicated to looking the part and pulled out her notepad and pen, ready to take notes.
Tony curled his toes and straightened them again. The cold slush that lined the street made them feel like they were on fire. It was starting to occur to him that it was probably dangerous to be out there. He didn't know what the air temperature was, but he could safely assume that it was somewhere near freezing with a windchill that was making it ten times worse. The smart idea would be to get inside and warm himself up ASAP, but he had nowhere to go. He had no idea where the hotel was and no way to get back to it otherwise as he had no cash. Plus, the area he wound up it appeared to be largely residential. There were no businesses or public buildings to speak of and it wasn't like Tony could go knocking on people's doors, begging to be let inside. As far as they knew, he was just some drunk homeless guy and if he tried to tell them that he was Tony Stark, they'd probably assume him to be crazy, too. That sounded like a sure-fire way to get sent to the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time and he'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats 'cause they're coming to take him away, ha-ha!
Steve immediately slipped his arm around Tony's shoulders and hoisted him up. It didn't take much effort for Steve to lift Tony up being a super soldier and all, but it was a little difficult to navigate the narrow aisle with the two of them walking side-by-side.
"At least I'm pretty sure it is," Lara said. "I can't tell if that's supposed to be a six or a zero."
"Okay," Dr. Cranston said, completely non-pulsed. "Then we won't talk about it." Tony's face scrunched in confusion.
I hit 'cancel' on that rewards card," she stressed. "Anyways, what the hell kind of birthday song is that?"
Tony put his head down on the table. He just wanted to fall asleep right then and there. However, Tony knew that it wasn't a good idea to fall asleep at work. He'd done it before and it didn't work out too well. Plus, Pepper would probably drag him to a hospital if she found him passed out at the conference table the next morning.
All in all, Lara and Tony's conversation went better than she thought it would. Granted, it was easy to have your expectations surpassed when you kept them lower than sea-level. While Tony didn't like what she did, he understood the idea and frustration behind it, so he was willing to let her off the hook if she promised not to do it again, which honestly, she wouldn't. It might have been effective, but those sirens were just
"You don't eat it," Carol pointed out. "You drink it. Besides, the doctor said you needed to stay hydrated."
The sound of the cashier clearing his throat reminded Tony that he had more immediate concerns. Looking from the tower of alcohol to the young man waiting to be paid, Tony bit his lip.
It was rather easy to pull Stark's shirt out from under him and feeling that the undershirt was dry, Carol let him keep it. She then draped the blue blanket over him (given that he seemed to like it) before pulling the comforter and the sheets back and slipping Stark underneath them. Finally, she pulled the quilt over him and added two more blankets to the pile. Hopefully, that would be enough to start helping him warm up.
After almost an hour of non-stop fighting with no breaks and a hell of a lot of bad hits – one of which left her bleeding from her hairline – Natasha was starting to get battle-weary. This was made more evident when she picked up one of the Chitauri's weapons and turned to aim it at whoever was coming up behind her. She came within seconds of shooting Steve. Taking a few deep breaths, she sat down on the hood of a taxi cab, now heavily damaged and abandoned in the middle of the street.
"She said she wanted to get to know me better if I'm going to be at her wedding," she said. "I asked her what she meant by that and she said to ask you." Bruce felt his stomach drop and had to use sheer force of will keep his pulse down. Thankfully he managed it and didn't turn a single shade of green.
Pepper's eyes narrowed in confusion. It was clear she didn't know what that meant. Steve's eyes, though, were wide with alarm. Even if he wanted to, Tony couldn't lie. As much as he wanted to assure Pepper that he was fine, and he didn't need help, at this point doing so would absolutely be lying.
"Well, I'm going to be heading to DC tomorrow," Pepper said. "I'm working on the zoning for the next two buildings."
Steve nodded and went to retrieve the bottle. Tony, meanwhile got a small plastic cup from the dispenser beside the sink, filled it with water, and did a preliminary rinse. It did nothing to get rid of the taste, but it didn't hurt anything. A moment later, Steve returned with the bottle.
Seeing as the conversation abruptly died, and the next wave of nausea still hadn't hit him yet, Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket. He had talked to Pepper the day before to reassure her that he was okay, but the last time he had texted her was on Sunday. Pulling her up in his messenger app, he could see that their previous conversation had been about the color of the curtains in the living room. Tony couldn't be sure of how drunk he was when he wrote some of those texts.
After a while, the smoke began to clear, and Clint caught sight of an adult, humanoid figure combing through the wreckage. At first, his heart leaped. He hoped it was Laura, that she and the kids somehow managed to get out safely. He was a little disappointed when the smoke cleared enough to allow him to discern that it wasn't her, but he was still relieved to see a familiar head of curly red hair.
Tony tried to keep his mind on the main goal for the moment; making sure that truly nothing had been taken from the house. Priority, the suits. Second priority, the servers that stored his entire database of information. Not only were the blueprints for the suits on that thing, but every file everything Tony ever invented after he took over the company, plus all his father's files that he had managed to digitize. There was a tremendous amount of damage one could do with that information. He did, of course, have it all protected to the max with a five-step verification process that only he could pass through and more fire walls than even he could be bothered to count. Still, it seemed when these kinds of things happened to him, they often went all-out on the level of damage and devastation they reached. He probably deserved it though, the law of averages and all that.
"There's only one God, ma'am," Steve said as he quickly ran through a final safety check. "And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that."
"I'm afraid not," Bruce said. "I'm reviewing the results of an experiment I've been conducting and for some reason, it's not adding up."
"Oh my God," Lara said again, this time sounding like she was trying to catch her breath. "We need to call the police."
Pulling off his slippers and socks, Carol was unsurprised to see that Stark's toes were a slightly blueish shade of white. It was one of the first signs of frostbite and judging by how wet the socks and slippers were, he was lucky it wasn't worse. Carol checked the dresser by the bed and found that the top drawer was filled with socks and assorted undergarments. She grabbed the first pair of socks she saw and slipped them onto his feet. They were a bit too big, but at least he had something to keep his feet warm.
Unwrapping the plastic coverings and pulling off price tags, Carol got the clothes on without much hassle. They fit her well – not too baggy or too tight. She didn't realize until she got to the very bottom of the bag, though, that she had missed one item. Pulling it out and unfolding it, Carol frowned when she saw it was yet another baseball cap with the S.H.I.E.L.D. emblem on it.
"We have everything to fear from you." Adoniram said. "You may not be allied with the Kree, but you can't say the same of the Avengers."
Clint didn't hesitate in his reply, to the point where he accidentally hit a few wrong keys without noticing.
I think at most the story will be a two or three-shot (cross my fingers that I'm right) and once I have that finished, I'm going to start writing and posting for this story again. When I reach that story point (and don't worry, I will give you an indication in-story when we're supposed to hit that point) I will pause updating this fic to post that one and once that story is completed, then I'll resume posting for this fic, hopefully until the end. When can you expect this all to take place? Uh... Follow me on Twitter and Tumblr, I'll post updates there.
After Joe got to the end of the line and shook hands with Bruce, they all sat down on a long couch that had been placed on the stage, along with a small lounge chair that was set up for the presenter. The man smiled and turned to look at the crowd.
Telemachus sat at the foot of her bed, but he was much more relaxed than he had been on previous nights. Lara was tempted to pull him closer to her to cuddle, but figured he deserved to relax in his own space. Instead, she rolled over onto her side to reach over to the coffee table and check that her phone was charging. At least, that's what she told herself she was doing. She just wanted to read her text messages again.
Thankfully, they didn't have to face the board (yet.) This was just a meeting with a few people from SI's legal department, the head of HR, and the acting head of PR – a redheaded woman named Jane that already seemed to be leagues better than Freeman. Happy was also in the room, but that was more because Tony felt safer having him there. The reality of the fact that he and the other Avengers were attacked as setting in and was feeling a little shaken. It was terrifying that someone had the audacity to try and attack all the Avengers (minus Thor) at once and it wasn't hard to jump to the conclusion that if someone was bold enough to do that, they'd have no problem targeting him alone or SI. Although, supposedly all the perpetrators were caught and were in police custody, Tony wasn't entirely sure he could trust that, especially since the People's Unity Church seemed to be trying to factor themselves into the equation. So, he just felt better having someone in the room he could trust to get Pepper, Lara, and the other civilians to safety if everything were to suddenly go sideways. Besides, it was nice to have at least one more friendly face in the room; or at least a friendly face, period.
"JARVIS," Stark said. "Start lockdown procedures. No one comes into or out of the penthouse unless they're CDC or authorized by me or the CDC."
Almost instantly the environment changed around him. He was standing on a platform in the middle of the sea and in front of him stood not the frog-man, but his beloved wife Mikah. His eyes widened in shock. Before he could say anything, Mikah opened her mouth and all at once Taquan was bombarded with information, so much information that he couldn't process it all. He saw entire civilizations rise and fall before his eyes and learned every deep dark secret of the universe. In order to protect himself, he reflexively pulled his hand back, causing his consciousness to return to the safety of the frog-man's apartment.
Although he was expecting it, Tony couldn't help the deflated feeling that came over him. For a moment, Tony leaned back and put a hand over his face. He tried to keep his breathing calm and even, but still the anger bubbled up. With no other way to release it, he ended up kicking one of the metal legs of the table. Hard.
Uploading this chapter is the last thing I have to do before I go out to the kitchen to check on the dogs. I also have a feeling this will be the last time I'll be heard from again as my sister's Great Dane will decide my foot makes a perfectly good butt-rest and never let me move ever while my mom's Chugle Terrier ignores my cries for help and goes on barking at my six-year-old neighbor who is in no way a threat to us and is just playing catch in his yard like every other six-year-old in America. I'm going insane. Send help.
"I want to go home." Tony broke Steve's grip and started walking in the direction of the limos again. Steve followed closely behind.
Fury looked her directly in the eyes and said, "it means this goes far deeper than we could have ever imagined."
"Well, we're glad to provide it." Rhodey was looking at Tony as he said that and for a moment, he was able to return the smile his friend gave him.
Happy nodded before moving to shake Lara's shoulder. She was startled back into alertness but didn't lash out, which was both a good thing and a testimony to how tired she really was. She allowed Happy to help her stand up but refused any assistance outside of that and let Tony lead the way out the door. Happy followed as well, likely to make sure Lara didn't pass out on the way to the elevator. Luckily, the movement was enough to keep her conscious until they got inside the elevator.
"Okay," she said. "Thank you for letting me do what I needed to do, and for hearing me out." To her surprise, Stark offered her a small, bitter-sweet smile.
Steve felt like he had screamed that in his mind for the millionth time that night. He tried to compose himself, but his answer still came out more nervous than it probably should have.
The realization hit him almost as hard as the semi-truck he stumbled in front of would have. Quickly stepping out of the road, Knežević quickly found a rock in the dirt of the gutter and picked it up. Holding it in his fingertips did absolutely nothing. Moving the rock to his palm caused it to change from a black piece of loose asphalt to a smother, brownish-colored rock. Amazed, Knežević ran down the road and touched the first street sign he saw. The pole, which was the part that he physically touched changed from gray metal to a yellow-green colored stone. The actual sign, which he didn't touch remained as it was. It was astounding.
"I thought you were coming to kill me," she said plainly. "The best way to survive a mass shooting is to avoid the attacker, deny them access to your location, and – if it comes down to it – defend yourself. I couldn't avoid them, and I thought holding that door closed wouldn't last me long. The best option I had was to at least try and defend myself. That's what the Secret Service trained me to do and I was fully prepared to do it if Tony hadn't spoken up."
"One… Five!" Immediately the sound of machine gun fire erupted from the surround sound speakers. Lara watched as cop after cop was felled by the power of Johnny and his Tommy Gun. She had no idea why Tony had the entire
"Right," Betty said. "I can call…" She was cut off by the ringing of her cellphone. "Speak of the devil," she muttered as she glanced at the screen. Pulling the device to her ear, she pleasantly greeted whoever was on the other end of the line.
"Alright," he said. "Why don't you take a seat? You don't look too comfortable standing over there by the door."
"Alright," he said. "Now I really don't like this. Why didn't he run? He had plenty of opportunities to do so."
"I've got it down," Rhodey assured. "Don't worry." Tony didn't, as knowing he wouldn't have to repeat himself helped a lot as well. "Now, what goals do you hope to accomplish through attending these sessions?" Tony then frowned, but not because he had a problem with the question.
The rest of the meeting went about as well as one would expect. They argued the same points over and over, barely anything of significance was said, and eventually, they had to call it a day without having gotten anything done. So, an average Tuesday. However, Tony was able to glean a few small tidbits of information about the police investigation thanks to the big mouths of the board members. Not only was Fair keeping tabs on what the cops were doing, but two other board members – Lucille Hinson and Elisha Jameson – were as well. From Hinson, he learned that the police believed the robbery happened sometime between noon and four PM on Saturday, and from Jameson, he had learned that one of the locks indeed had been opened with a passcode, but a second lock had been smashed until the door came open. That gave him a timeframe and an idea of what to be looking for since he and Pepper hadn't been allowed to see the crime scene. It wasn't much, but it was a start.
"I wasn't knocking it," Natasha said. "I've survived in Siberia with less. A little backwash isn't going to kill me."
"It's just…" Margot sighed. "As wonderful as ascension is, I'm just worried I'm going to miss this."
She could tell it was coming from behind her, but she didn't turn around. Everyone she wanted/needed to talk to was upstairs. It didn't hit her though that the person was calling her by her first name, not her last name, which was a pretty important distinction. Outside of the Avengers and Pepper, no one she worked with really called her "Lara." They usually just stuck to "Conroy." (Although, occasionally Tony called her "Larissa" even though wasn't her name.) It didn't click with her until she stepped in the elevator, turned around, and saw Dante being pushed back by the police.
Tony shook his head against the thought. He didn't want to talk about the nightmares. They were bad enough to experience for himself. He didn't want to have to retell them, especially to a stranger. He noticed that his hand holding the pen had started to shake and quickly got it back under control.
Breaking apart, Tony and Steve walked out from behind the curtain to see three men entering the room. Like the S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors, they were wearing protective suits, only theirs were thicker and bulkier; like they were made to withstand a nuclear apocalypse. Clearly printed on the left breasts of the suits were the letters "CDC."
Rhodey retells the story of how Tony was outed to the public, and it might not be something Steve wants to hear.
Remember kids, always have your chapter ready to post the day before you're actually going to post it. It makes life so much simpler.
"Oh?" she said. "How is this supposed to work?" Her tone remained curious rather than indignant, and because of that, Tony was willing to answer the question.
"His name is Tiberius Stone," Tony cut him off. "He's living in the Bahamas and it's absolutely worth the four-hour flight to knock his teeth out, trust me."
The longest periods she had without any gaps in her memory was the year and a half she spent living with Jessica while she went through recovery, the two months after Hurricane Katrina struck and she spent her time with Maria volunteering and helping her neighbors rebuild, and the last three weeks. That was it. Outside of those periods of time, she had not gone a full week without at least losing a few hours of her memory.
"The meeting started as soon as all the participants entered the room." Tony looked at him with a mock-betrayed look.
"You already did that," Tony pointed out. "And you picked a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent who was sent to assess if I was worthy of joining Fury's secret club."
" Adoniram's voice was booming. Freeman looked as though his heart stopped beating for a moment. "I will not have you questioning my methods in such a manner. I will not align myself with demons and false profits, nor will I align the church with them. Doing so would jeopardize our ascension. Do you understand that?"
"No," Lara said. "But I have a restraining order out against my ex-husband, who is a member of that group and has been showing up at the tower with them and has tried to contact me while here." DeMarcus shrugged.
"Did you really think you could fool us?" he asked. "For goodness sake, a traffic cam caught you on video rescuing Stark. It was only a matter of time before we caught up to each other, one way or another."
Alpha cut off the beam she had sent and tried to fire upon Carol again, but Carol was faster. She moved into a kneeling position and raised her fist, letting off an energy blast that was easily stronger than Alpha's beam. Overpowered, the blast slammed into Alpha's chest, sending her backwards into the concrete wall. Before Carol could celebrate, though, Beta had gotten up and tried tackling her again. Expecting it this time, Carol summersaulted forward, successfully evading Beta's grip. Sticking the landing by jumping back on to her feet, she fired an energy blast Beta's way as well, sending her flying into the opposite wall.
Clint was on the two kids and a farm sleep schedule, which meant he was usually in bed by nine o'clock and up and at 'em by 4:15. So that meant he probably up and ready long before anyone else was and since he had no kids and no farm to take care of, that left him with nothing to do. At first, he spent his time pacing the room but found that his thoughts drifted easily to Loki and what he had done to him. Needing something to keep him focused – anything, really – he took the sheets off the bed and started tying them together. Yes, he realized how expensive those sheets were and yes, he knew the maids weren't going to be pleased with him, but it calmed his mind and made for a mostly sturdy rope.
"I'm saying that I don't think it would be best for the girls to see you right now." His grip on the phone tightened.
"Okay," Rawls said. "Well, I'm handing this case over to Dr. Holcomb. If anyone can find you a match, it's her."
"Just think about it," Freeman said. "Sure, we have some seeds of dissent sown, but as you admitted yourself, this past week was a failure. Public support for the Avengers is still strong. Don't you think we should be taking advantage of that? If we could convince the Avengers to join our ranks, I'm certain we would see a massive uptick in recruitment numbers." Adoniram stared at him, his face impassive.
"Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you," Fury said. That didn't surprise Steve. Of course, he would save the dangerous Nazi weapon. He probably wanted to know how in the hell they made those guns and was probably trying to figure out a way to reverse-engineer it. Steve wished for a second that Howard was still alive just, so he could smack him on the back of the head for doing something so dangerous and stupid. The most he could hope for though was that Peggy had already done it for him at some point in the past.
"Wallace is dead," Lara said. "At least I think he is. They shot him. I saw it on the CCTV. There were too many of them, I couldn't handle it alone." Tony looked down at the news.
Tony stared at Steve blankly. Since he took so long, Carol – who he had forgotten was standing next to him – answered for him.
As she walked out of the building and got into her car, Duran pulled out one of her cellphones and hit speed-dial number six. She didn't have to wait long for the call to connect.
Steve always thought the worst part of a rollercoaster was the build-up to the first hill. The train would slowly be pulled to the top and the entire time he'd be dreading that first dramatic plunge to the ground. Once they'd got over that first fall he'd be having too much fun to notice the other death-defying drops, twists, and turns that the ride took (either that, or too busy throwing up all over his and Bucky's shoes), but that first hill was the one with all the anticipation and momentum thrown behind it and the only one where you'd have enough time to think about it to be scared.
"Week and a half ago, I think?" He'd give her a more definite answer, but the pounding in his head wouldn't let him think further back than half a minute ago.
"Move away please." Loki smirked. There was the backup he had been expecting. He had the illusion slowly back away. "You like this?" The agent – Coulson was what the Hawkeye identified him as – stepped closer to the illusion, holding a large gun. "We started working on the prototype after you sent the Destroyer. Even I don't know what it does." Coulson hit a button on the side of the gun. An orange light started emitting from it and it hummed to life.
"What do you mean?" It was clear in his voice that Steve already knew he wasn't going to like the answer.
Thanks to Sweet_As_Suga for leaving kudos and FriedChickenNisha for leaving a comment on AO3! It really means a lot!
"If Castro dies, break out the champagne," he said. "Celebrate without me. I don't have time for 'what ifs.'"
"While I appreciate the confidence in your abilities," he said. "You promised me you'd go right to sleep after that kiss."
"Not for certain," Natasha said. "But it appears from the surveillance footage that Metro Police were called to break up a large gathering and Stark somehow got caught up in the confusion." Hill nodded.
"Well, in the weeks following, someone sent out letters containing anthrax spores to several news media outlets and politicians. Five people were killed, and seventeen others got sick." Steve audibly gagged.
"Most powdered bio-weapons are pure white," Betty explained. "They only become discolored when crossed with something else."
"Yes," Hill confirmed with a nod. "Alright, Rogers, come over here and give me your wrist." Steve did she said and stepped closer to her while holding out his right wrist. Hill slid the thin, silver bracelet around it and the device beeped as she clicked it shut. "There is a tracking device in this bracelet. It can only be opened by a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, so don't bother trying to take it off. With this, we will be able to find you anywhere on the planet. If you're in danger, press the button on the side and we'll be right with you." Steve stared skeptically at the device on his wrist.
It was looking like the better idea was to cancel the flight and try to ride out the withdrawal symptoms in the hotel, that presented problems in and of itself. Most notably, the fact that they were staying in a
"Captain Rogers' condition is stable," he said. "All of his vitals are in the ranges we expected for his enhanced physiology. His blood pressure was a little higher than I expected, but all things considered, I'm sure he'll easily make it through the night."
He heard the door creak open as he set his feet down on the floor. A wave of pain rippled through his brain. If he wasn't feeling the effects of the hangover before, he was now. With a frown, Tony pulled the blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself. Only then did he start to move to join Steve, entwining his hand with his own when he reached him.
"No," she said. "All of this was a damn nightmare, and we have to do it all over again tomorrow! It's pure madness! This is why everyone in Hollywood is on drugs. Eminem, Slash, Drew Berrymore, Amanda Bynes…"
As much as she loved Tony, Pepper knew that he didn't always take the best care of himself. The palladium poisoning incident was only a testament to that. It wasn't that she didn't trust him or thought he needed to be constantly babysat, but she would feel a whole lot better if there was someone there to keep an eye on him throughout the day, help him with anything he needed, and make sure he didn't do anything stupid and dangerous. Well, anything more stupid and dangerous than what he already did. Since Tony obviously wasn't going to find one himself, Pepper had no choice but to do it for him.
"Does…?" She tapped her chest with her two middle fingers as she said that. Natasha knew what she was trying to say and shook her head.
"Whatever you can," Tony said. "Please, anything you can do – even if it's just holding me right now – could help. Just please…" Tony could feel Steve's arms tighten around his waist and his lips pressing a kiss to his cheek.
"So you talked to Tony," Rhodes answered in the affirmative. "And I take it he didn't explain what's going on."
"The person," Subarian said. "How healthy they are, how they respond to treatment, whether or not they develop other infections…"
"No," Tony assured. "You're good." He patted the space next to him. "Come on, join me, stranger." Steve smiled and walked around to the other side of the bed, getting under the covers.
What Tarquan didn't know was that shortly after the escape pod disembarked from the main craft, an unforeseen electrical issue had sparked a fire. Given that the pod's systems vented in pure oxygen into its main chamber, it didn't take long for the fire to spread. It took only moments for the pod's occupants to be engulfed in flames, completely making the men's sacrifice pointless. It only took a few minutes for the Raël to be completely erased from the universe.
"Well, thank you for your kind patronage," Viv said. "It's not every day we receive such a generous donation."
"Holy smokes!" she exclaimed once she came to the realization that she had a real, rough sapphire stone attached to her back fence.
"I don't need exact details," Everhart said. "Just give me a general idea of what was going through your mind when everything happened." Tony looked down and took a deep breath, grounding himself. When he looked back up, he forced the words out of his mouth.
"Nice to meet you," Steve said. "I'd shake your hand, but I can't seem to lift my arms… They're weighed down."
"Sorry kids," he said as he went over to one of the screens. "You don't get to see my party trick after all."
"Do you need to go?" she said quietly enough to avoid being heard. Tony shook his head. Romanoff clearly didn't like it but nodded anyway. "If it happens again, we're leaving."
Then the next morning, Pepper took it all back. Tony couldn't believe it, but she took it all back. She said she had time to think about it and she realized she couldn't be with someone who treated her the way he had over the past few months. Fair, because he had been slowly dying of Palladium poisoning and didn't tell anyone, instead opting to live it up like it was the last days of Caligula and be damned with the consequences. However, the conversation only got more heated from there and came to an abrupt head when Pepper had finally reached her breaking point.
"Hush." Tony frowned, but Pepper continued non-pulsed. "I could order some stuff, and have it set up while you guys are gone."
"You are dismissed." The woman nodded and headed down the access stairway that the man had emerged from. As she descended the stairs, she sighed.
"I've changed it so many times," Tony said. "And you honestly can't expect me to remember a number that long."
"I wasn't threatening physical harm!" Tony knew that, but he honestly just wanted to avoid the conversation. He already knew how it was going to end and he just couldn't take the heartbreak. Not right now.
"I wish," Natasha quipped back. "That would have been so much more entertaining than explaining to your boyfriend that we don't care if he's gay and the rest of S.H.I.E.L.D. probably doesn't either." Tony felt a flutter of excitement run through his chest, especially when Steve didn't try to correct her. He probably would have started jumping up and down like a giddy schoolgirl, if it wasn't for the fact that he had aliens on hoverbikes tailing him; trying to shoot him down.
"I want to ask if there's any way we can help," Pepper said. "But I'm not sure how to go about it. I mean, it's not like you can see a therapist when that's the exact thing you're afraid of."
"It's sort of a body powder," Natasha explained. "It makes your skin feel silky smooth and when kissed, it tastes like honey."
Looking up at the blacklights, Clint took a deep breath and let out a sigh. Other than sleeping, there wasn't much to do. If he wasn't painfully aware of what true torture was, he'd be calling this torture. He got that they needed to have outlets available for the machines, but they couldn't at least give them a book to read or a deck of cards? This was only slightly more bearable than solitary confinement, mostly because he knew he wasn't alone.
"It makes a huge deal of difference," Rhodey said. "From that height, you're falling for a shorter amount of time at a lower speed. That would make it much more likely for people to survive the crash. In fact, more than a few would probably be able to get off the plane in the calm, fashionable manner that you described."
"Either pre-taped or print," she continued. "I believe the only live ones are the Q&A panel later today and the
"Look me in the eye and say that." Dante didn't make eye contact and he didn't speak up. "Yeah, that's what I thought. Goodbye."
As she zoomed past the building where Clint had taken up position, she gave a quick glance behind her to see if the arrow knocked Loki off her six or at the very least slowed him down enough to enable her to get to the top of the tower safely. Unfortunately, when she looked around she saw that Loki had caught the arrow in mid-air. However, seconds later a blast sounded off behind her.
"Beau petit garcon!" Lara rushed into the dining area and plucked the dog from Clint's arms. Lucky knew by this point that Lara would shower him with affection for so little as breathing, so he immediately hammed it up, widening his eyes and wagging his tail as fast as he could. Lara let out a coo of affection and snuggled him closer. "You're so adorable! I love you! Never leave this Earth!" Lucky responded by licking her face, causing Lara to laugh.
"Hey, Lara," he said. "The ten-forty to Philadelphia starts boarding in a few minutes! We have to go!" Lara watched as Lucy's face fell.
"You sure about that?" Bruce asked. "This is a train station after all. There are probably more than a few charlatans around here ready to take advantage of weary travelers."
"There's something wrong with me," he said, pointing an accusatory finger. "They keep saying I'm fine, but I know there's something wrong. I feel lighter than air and my heart's not beating. That isn't right, right?" Steve's eyebrows went up in alarm. He didn't know what could cause those symptoms, but they were too serious for a doctor to just ignore. Immediately, the doctor let out a heavy sigh and run a hand through her dark ponytail.
However, if it was Dante, that kind of made less sense. After all, whoever was texting her knew she was friends with Bruce and as far as Dante was concerned, she just worked for Stark Industries; she didn't know Bruce or any other of the Avengers. So, for him to use Bruce's name and the name of one of his acquaintances made no sense at all. Still, she had that sinking, suspicious feeling in her gut that made her hesitant to reply. Pulling the phone away from her face, she figured that there was only one way to find out the truth and swallowed hard.
"I'm working on a few different projects," Tony said. "Pepper and I have been working on the idea of a self-sustaining skyscraper for a few months now. I'm designing it and Pepper's handling the business logistics of it. We just broke ground on that a few days ago. Plus, you know, there's the whole Iron Man thing…"
"Thank you." She appreciated that as the bra and underwear she was wearing felt way too sweaty and grubby even though she had only been wearing them for a day or so. Hill nodded.
Still no response. Steve pressed his back against the wall and slid down until he was sitting on the floor.
Rhodey did his best to calm himself down on the elevator ride up to Tony's floor. He did not know what state Tony would be in when he got there and regardless, he did not need to have to deal with the stunts the media was pulling right now. In fact, he did not need to have to deal with half of the stuff he always had to deal with, but life never really got to be fair like that.
"Alright…" She looked back at Stark. "We have to go." To her surprise, he seemed to be relived at the declaration. His body visibly deflated as he let out a breath, he probably didn't know he'd been holding.
"I don't like liars," Natasha said. "You can call me a 'murderous bitch' until you're blue in the face but waste my time by lying to me and we're going to have a problem."
Agent Duran watched Oswin carefully through the glass. Just two hours after she disappeared from the scene of Nina's death, she reappeared in the home of Tony Stark, having practically trashed the place. As far as the police could tell so far, she hadn't taken anything from the house. They patted her down twice; once before they loaded her into the police car and once after she arrived at the station. They didn't find anything on her other than thirty-seven cents and a department store dye pack attached to the dress she was wearing. Yet another charge they could add to the ever-growing list.
At that point, everything lapsed into silence. Natasha turned to face the window, clearly not interested in discussing the matter further. Steve relented and turned his gaze to his window. The speed of the car and the pitch blackness of the night made it hard to really see anything, but Steve kept his gaze affixed outside. Honestly, it was much better than trying to push the issue further.
To be safe, though, when he got up from the breakfast table to get seconds, he went back up to the mimosa table and poured the contents of one glass into the flask that fit perfectly into the interior pocket of his blazer. You know, just in case he needed it later.
"Well," Betty said as she pulled back from the lenses, standing up straight. "The most important thing is that this isn't one kind of pathogen; it's two."
"How is he?" Jessica pulled a desk chair from the corner of the room over to Stark's bedside and sat down. Carol turned her attention to her wrist computer, hitting a few buttons and pointing the sensor at Stark. Again, the golden beam of light scanned the man's body twice before giving her a notification that the scans were completed.
So, I'm pretty sure it's obvious that I had writer's block when I wrote this. Well, maybe not writer's block. Maybe more like a writer's frustration? I don't know. All I feel like I did this chapter was spin my wheels and go nowhere. I got some information out to get the storyline to go forward, but otherwise, I'm still stuck in the same ditch.
"So, anyways, I think I'm going to go," she said. "No offence, but after this whole ordeal I think I just want to go home and relax in the tub with a lavender bath bomb." She brought a hand to her head. "Err, maybe I should go to the Emergency Room first. I'm pretty sure I missed my last dose of insulin."
"Well, we're exactly who we say we are," Tony said. "Earth's mightiest heroes, ready to step up and protect it from any threat."
"Because you care," Clint said. "And that's not a bad thing, but you need to pull yourself together." Steve took a deep breath and let Clint's words sink in.
"So be it," Thor said. With that, Loki lunged at his brother, attempting to cleave him with the sharp edge of his staff. Thor ducked out of the way and tried to strike him with Mjolnir. Loki easily blocked that blow and tried to take a swing at Thor with the scepter. That ended up not being productive as Thor used Mjolnir to block him and the two-weapons colliding caused one or both to emit a small burst of energy which knocked part of the signage for Stark Tower off the building and onto the street below. Loki smirked to himself.
"I should probably go back to doing things that are my business," Lara said. "Like running Tony's business."
"Stark Industries," she said automatically. "You've reached Tony Stark's office. This is Lara Conroy speaking. How may I help you?"
"Trust me," she said. "There are much scarier things in this world than the Hulk." With that, she turned the knob and stepped out into the world. However, she couldn't help but add one thing over her shoulder. "By the way, it was Dwayne Johnson I was thinking of."
"The table's yours as long as you like," the waitress said. "Nobody's waiting on it." At this point, Steve decided to take a glance at her nametag. Beth. She seemed nice enough. Steve noted that and put in a few more dollars for a tip. "Plus, we've got free wireless." She added as she started to walk away. Steve's brow furrowed with confusion.
"But the thing is you're not going anywhere so you feel like there's no point," Steve continued. "Or, not one that makes sense." Tony's expression slowly transitioned from one of excitement to one of unease.
"Yes," Lara said. "Unfortunately, my job doesn't go on hold just because my boss is dying. Currently, I'm getting the evil eye from Pepper's assistant because I took a non-work-related call."
"Worried sick," Pepper said. "I didn't get the text you sent me until the plane was already in the air! Are you okay? Are you hurt? Are you still sick? What's going on?"
"You're 'sorry?'" Tony questioned. "For what? A lot has happened over the past twenty-four hours if you haven't noticed." Steve took a deep breath before looking Tony directly in the eyes.
"Well, I'm not sure what there is to be happy about," Bruce said. "I mean, there's still the threat of the Other Guy going on a rampage through the city if I so much as stub my toe."
After what seemed like forever, Pepper finally hung up the phone. She took a few deep, calming breaths before she turned to Lara.
"No, I need to go." Tony finally managed to push around Steve. He started stumbling towards the street. "Where's the limo?" Steve was quick to follow him.
About a half hour into the drive, Hill announced that she had announced that she had an update on Clint. Natasha covered her ears and leaned forward until her head was almost touching her legs. Steve was initially alarmed, but when Hill sighed, he got the feeling that she was expecting this response. Despite that, she went ahead and shared the information anyway.
Pulling back, Steve could see tears rolling down Tony's cheeks, but they weren't Tony's. Steve reached up and wiped his eyes with the back of his glove. How embarrassing, but Tony didn't seem to care. In fact, Tony looked completely shocked. It wasn't about the kiss, though. As soon as Steve's lips had touched his he responded and kissed back. No, it seemed that he was shocked that he was still alive.
The kill that he had enjoyed the most was the DSS worker who had taken the girls away from him. He had walked straight into her office after turning the receptionist and cutting the phone line to the building. He didn't have to say anything to her. She recognized him immediately. Before she could say anything, he reached out and touched the pale skin of her hand. Her eyes went wide and when she saw the stone crawling up her arm, she screamed.
As far as Tony knew, no mental illness ran on either side of his family. Both Howard and Maria had been only children and his grandparents on both sides had died by the time he'd been born. His only extended family member had been Peggy, but that had been an honorary title. They held no real blood relation. As a result, he had no real gene pool to pull from and only speculation to fill in the gaps. Again, Tony wanted to put down "N/A," but Steve and Pepper had talked him into checking off alcohol abuse. Howard may have never sought help for his issues, but ultimately it had been irresponsible drinking that had claimed the lives of him and his wife, which came as a close enough diagnosis for them. Tony had to admit they had a point and let Rhodey check that option off. The only other option Tony had considered fitting was "violence," but he didn't want to try to open that can of worms – especially when he had no proof. As a result, he thought it best to let sleeping dogs lie and answer no to that one.
"Of course, it did." Fury put his hand on Carol's shoulder. "Just take my advice, Cap. You can't help someone that doesn't want to be helped."
It hurt. Every time he looked at Pepper; every time he glanced in her general direction all Tony could think about was what she had said to him and it hurt. Did he deserve it? Yes, and he wouldn't argue about it. The thing that was supposed to be keeping him alive was killing him and there was no possible solution in sight. Rather than be honest about the whole situation, he had acted like a jerk and pushed everyone he cared about away. That wasn't the smart move to make, but he knew he couldn't live with everyone making a big fuss about this and spending his final days watching his loved ones suffer through grief. Dying – the process of – changes everything. Living changes nothing. Tony knew that; had experienced it firsthand and he couldn't put the people he cared about through that. To him, it was better to die hated and forgotten rather than loved and missed. The former was much less painful in his opinion.
Is there a reason I feel so passionate about this topic? Well, yes, sadly, there is. IRL, I have someone in my life with a serious addiction issue. It's to the point where I want to cut this person out of my life completely, but I can't because I live on their property and do not have the financial means to move out. Several people in my family have suggested holding an intervention for this person. However, I already know that's not going to work. This person denies that they have a problem, has refused help consistently, and has even directly stated that if we hold an intervention for them, they'll never want anything to do with us again. (Which is where that line from Tony comes from.) For me, if an intervention were to take place, then I'd be out of a place to live, and I think this might be regardless of if I was directly involved in planning the intervention or not. Besides, I'm confident that they're too far gone at this point for an intervention to even be useful. The only way this person's going to stop is if they die, which would be kind of sad if it wasn't for the fact that the person that they were had died years ago.
"I'm fine," he quickly assured. "I'm fine, don't worry." He held his hands up and flipped them so Steve could see both sides. "Not a scratch on me." Slowly, Steve seemed to let out a breath he'd been holding.
Special thanks to mfaerie32, Bookdragon777, jessica19951, and SavageAngel7 on FFN for all the support, and sweet_as_suga and babystark on AO3 as well.
"I'm sure," he said. "As long as you're safe, okay, and in my arms, I'll always be good." Tony felt a deep twinge in his heart that was like nothing he ever felt before.
By the time the meeting adjourned, Tony's list had grown to include one-hundred fifty entries. At this point, Steve failing to call him should have been the very last thing on his mind, but Tony couldn't stop feeling it eat away at him. The worry was unfounded, but it still existed nonetheless, and Tony didn't have time to allow it to consume. He had bigger fish to fry.
Thank you for reading this story! I'm so glad for all of the support I got on this! It really means a lot and I hope to continue to have that support as I work on the sequel, Unbroken, which will be coming out on 12/18/18! In the meantime, be sure to check out the YouTube and Spotify playlists for this fic! Some of the highlights include Metallica, Panic! At the Disco, twenty one pilots, Green Day, David Bowie, Radiohead, and many more. The playlist titles are the same as the name of this fic and my usernames on either site is xMewWinx96x on YouTube and Mew on Spotify. Just be aware on Spotify the fourth track "Thick as Thieves" by Dashboard Confessional, is not included as the band has not made it available for streaming (sigh).
"So, I guess that's the end of Human Resources training for today, right?" As much as Tony hated wiping that hopeful look off her face, he had to tell it to her straight.
"No," he said between gasps of air. "No, no, no, don't. I'm sorry… I'm not laughing at you. I think this is a hysterical break." The way Tony's voice cracked at the end of that sentence was enough to convince him to turn around and take another look at the man. Now, he could see that Tony was shaking a little bit and tears had gathered in the corners of his eyes. Steve turned and grabbed Tony by the shoulders, attempting to help him support his weight.
"Of course," Steve said. "But not until I get a chance to repay you, first." The excitement rushed through Tony's body at a break-neck speed.
"Roger that," Tony whispered back, knowing there was no way she was going to relent again. Through sheer force of will he tried to get his stomach to settle down. It wasn't entirely successful. There was probably nothing on Earth that would settle his stomach, at least until he was over the withdrawal symptoms, but that didn't mean that he still couldn't try.
Rhodey picked the phone back up and tried dialing Tony again. To his displeasure, he just got the same message from JARVIS. Frustrated, Rhodey next called Happy Hogan – Tony's chauffer – to see if at least he had heard from Tony at all.
on a white background with a watermark depicting an upside-down tringle being trisected by a ring. Lara's heart dropped the second she saw it.
"And if they do anything against his consent, we'll sue the pants off of them." The fact that she was smiling and the ease with which she said the words did nothing to undermine how serious Pepper was. Regardless, Steve's lips quirked upwards a bit and he was at least able to give her a semi-smile in return.
"Get your mind out of the gutter, Banner," Tony said. "Despite what the media might have you think, I don't sleep with everything with a pulse."
Happy was driving. Lara got into the passenger's seat. Barton, Romanoff, and Bruce took the rear bench while the middle row was left open for Pepper, Tony, and Steve. Pepper got in first and helped Steve steady Tony as he climbed into the vehicle. Tony thanked her as he settled into the middle seat (because of course he would get stuck with the hump) and Steve climbed in after him.
"Listen," Fury said. "I know you're not completely of sound mind now, but we have a doctor here who would like to look you over. Do you think you'll be able to answer a few of her questions?"
As a result, everything was silent. Natasha couldn't even hear the doctors whispering to each other anymore. Likely, they had left but that explanation didn't make the sudden absence of noise any less creepy. Luckily, Steve found what he wanted to say.
"Unless he magically figures out from across space that we're going to be spending the next few days meeting the press and politicians and for some crazy reason he decides he wants in on that, probably not." Lara held up one hand placatingly while she used the other one to scroll through her phone.
Natasha was another person who hadn't been able to sleep. The closest things to beds they had in that quarantine room were hard plastic exam tables. Obviously, it wasn't made to accommodate long-term stays. She made a mental note to log a complaint with Stark. That was, if she ever saw him again.
"Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark." Tony could feel his entire body clench at that remark. That was a low blow and Fury knew it. He had moved past that. In the past two years, he and Pepper worked tirelessly to change the company's direction from arms manufacturing to clean energy. Stark Tower was a monument to all of that. How dare he! However, it was only made worse when Steve spoke up.
"His son?" Fury finished for him. Steve nodded. "Yes." Steve looked down as he took in the information. "I'm sorry Stark had to tell you all that. We wanted to break the news to you slowly, but circumstances didn't allow for it."
Once in the room, Steve was careful to shut the door quietly to avoid waking anyone on the floor below them. Conversely, he could hear Tony behind him in the kitchen loudly opening and slamming cabinets and drawers, rendering the point mute. Steve took a deep, calming breath.
The next two interviews went much better, to say the least. The one after Everhart was a CNN round table discussion with the entire team and a Time Magazine interview where they were split into groups. Tony, Steve, and Bruce in the first group, Barton and Romanoff in the second. While Time was a respectable publication, Tony couldn't help but wonder if they had split them up that way on purpose. They did have the grace not to outright ask if Barton and Romanoff were dating, which is more than he could say about most of the media outlets they interacted with throughout the day.
"No ma'am," he said, slowly backing off. "That'll be all. I'll just start drafting a statement we can give to the press when we're allowed."
Tony sat down at his desk and sighed. It was finally the day he had been dreading, board meeting day. He had been avoiding the board of directors all week and he could not put it off anymore. The only mercy he had been granted was that most of the board was at Stark Industries Headquarters in Malibu. So, he would not have to deal with the rage in person. Just on Skype, but he figured that it would be easier to handle since you cannot hit people over Skype. However, there was still one person he would have to face in person during this meeting.
"Really?" he asked. "Because that doesn't feel like it's helping much." Tony rubbed his thumb against the back of Steve's hand.
"Good to know," he said. "Is there anything else I can do for you? Anything I could get you?" Before Steve could stop himself, he replied.
The image made Tony sick. Barton looked terrible. In addition to the intubation, he had many IVs and wires attached to him. He was very pale, and a pained expression was clear on what Tony could see of his face. The worst part of it was that Barton was all alone. He had no one there to comfort him, or at the very least show support for him.
Fortunately for Carol, the woman on the other side of the panel didn't appear suspicious in the least. In fact, she seemed rather enthused.
"Good, good," Steve said as he let out a breath Tony didn't think he knew he'd been holding. "I'm so glad to hear that." Steve held Tony for a few more seconds before pulling back and stepping aside to let Pepper get a hug in, too.
The first person Tony took notice of as he scanned the room was Pepper. She was beautiful in her light blue, sleeveless yet professional-looking dress and her hair curled to perfection. The thing that really brought the look together, though, was the none-too-pleased look on her face. Tony once again raised his guard as the red-head made her way over to him.
"Anytime after eight's fine," Tony said. "Take your time, you don't need to show up here at four AM like you did this morning."
"I know," Natasha said. "And there's nothing I can say to justify it. I let myself get carried away and by the time that I put two and two together, things went to shit."
"I just wasn't sure," she said. "The sentiment at the time was that homosexuality was a disease, something that could be cured or fixed. I guess I must have bought into that, too, because I was genuinely confused as to how Steve could have those kinds of tendencies. He was supposed to have all his diseases and conditions cured after receiving the serum, but despite that, he still felt that way. That's when I realized something."
"Have entered the building," Tony finished. "I already know. Is Conroy okay? The last text she sent said she couldn't get out."
Steve had to be honest, he was struggling with what Tony had decided. Everything inside of Steve was screaming that this was a bad idea and it was going to put Tony in danger. He could not help it. Years of living in a society that incarcerated people – or worse,
"That would be an intervention," Lara said. "I think we've already said numerous times that is a terrible idea."
"No," Clint said. "He didn't have any ID tags and he's a bit too little to be out on his own. I think someone might have gotten rid of him because of his leg."
!?" Panic was creeping into his voice. JARVIS had not mentioned any of that, but then again JARVIS had gotten the information off the internet. He technically could not be blamed for parroting back erroneous information. At least, until Tony worked on making JARVIS' judgement a little better.
When she stepped out of the bathroom, she saw that Fury had joined Hill. Carol felt her stomach clench.
No, it was for the deal he made – arguably the worst thing he did because now not only did Thanos know where another Infinity Stone was hidden, but Loki had also failed him. Failure was not an option when you were a servant of Thanos. It was either success or death. Then, the Other's words from earlier echoed back through his head along with the scorching memory of the pain that had been inflicted on him.
"Holy shit." Clint couldn't imagine not telling Laura something like that – barring circumstances out of his control. It sounded like absolute lunacy. "That's terrible."
"Thinking about you." Although his heart did soften a bit at the thought, Tony could not overlook the fact that that Steve's thoughts that night were more troubled than romantic or kinky. Slowly, he pealed himself away from Steve and stood up, collecting blankets from the ground, and throwing them over his lover's nude form.
"I can live with that," Clint said. Lara let out a squeak that shouldn't have been possible coming from a human's voice. She tossed the dog in the air, catching him before he hit the ground.
"Hello, Miss Alaska," Duran said. "Listen, I know I said I'd call you first if I had any questions, but I couldn't reach your cell and the receptionist at your work said you'd be here. Time is of the essence. I need answers now."
So, Tony shut the door behind him, all too aware of both the physical pain of his migraine and the emotional pain of being in a room alone with Pepper. He watched as she sat down in one of the chairs in the living area and moved to sit across from her.
"I haven't thrown up since then," Tony defended. "Well, I mean, my stomach is still messed up, but I don't think I'm going to throw up any time soon."
What wasn't a relief was the round of applause she and Steve got as they exited the vehicle. It was startling, but Natasha didn't let it show under her emotionless mask. When the people started to crowd around them, though, it became a little bit harder to do so. It wasn't until Hill started screaming at the crowd to back off that they finally started to. Slowly but surely, the three could make their way inside, though not without the occasional shouts of their names and the flashes of cell phone cameras.
"This way." Tony tapped the door he had meant for Bruce to go to. Apparently, he'd just gotten his left and right flipped and went into the supply closet directly across the hall, which Lara had been hiding in. Bruce gave a grateful nod and quickly disappeared behind the door. Meanwhile, Lara scratched the back of her head.
"Let's put it like this," Clint said. "How would you feel if Cap was dying and he kept it from you?" Stark hesitated in answering.
Thank you to loverstar for leaving kudos on AO3 and mfaerie32 on FFN for the review! It really means a lot! :)
As soon as he could get to his feet, Clint was bolting for the farmhouse again. He couldn't see anything other than a cloud of smoke rising from the ground. It felt like it took him hours to reach the site where his home once stood, but when he did, he was left reeling. There was nothing left but a few charred boards and a pile of ash. The smoke burned his eyes and lungs, but he didn't even notice. His home, his wife and children were just blown to smithereens in front of him and there wasn't a single thing he could've done to stop it.
"I won't tell if you don't," Tony said. The cashier still looked hesitant, but nonetheless started ringing up his items. In the end, it came to eight assorted cases of beer and boxes of wine along with the two bottles and the candy. The cashier hit a few buttons on the register.
"I'm sure it does." Betty looked at him with a genuine smile on her face. "I'm happy for you." Bruce couldn't help it, he snorted at that declaration. "I'm serious, I really am."
"It doesn't hurt to check." Pressing both his palm and the back of his hand against Tony's forehead, Steve didn't feel anything unusual. "Well, you don't feel hot, but you certainly look it." That earned a small laugh from Tony.
"I was just asking questions," Fair defended. "For the sake of Stark Industries, I think I have a right to be concerned with the company you keep."
…Or it would just keep him up longer. At least, that's what he realized when he heard knocking at the hotel room door and looked up at the clock on the stove to find it was just a little past five AM. He let out a curse and saved what he was working on before getting up and heading for the door. Through the peephole, he could see that Lara was standing on the other side, honestly looking tired and bored. What the hell, he might as well entertain her.
So, to say his feelings were mixed was an understatement. He was having trouble reconciling the two images of a man considered to be dead and buried with the unconscious guy hooked up to machines in the next room. In fact, he still wasn't entirely convinced that S.H.I.E.L.D. wasn't trying to pull a fast one on him, so he tried to keep a close eye on what everyone in the room was doing.
"Conroy just drop the damn knife," Tony said, catching Lara's attention. "I really don't want to fire you for stabbing one of my friends." With that, Lara's eyes went wide, and the knife fell from her hand. She turned, saw Tony there, and let out an audible sigh of relief.
The building looked like a nondescript office building on the outside, but Tony knew that it was really a high-tech S.H.I.E.L.D. building on the inside. As soon as he entered the building, he spotted Coulson and Fury waiting for him.
"We don't think so, ma'am," the cop admitted. "But we'd still like to have a word with Mr. Stark before we discuss any further details. Could you provide us with his room number?"
Lara wasn't sure what she was expecting to find when she arrived at Avengers Tower, but it certainly wasn't this amount of chaos. Several groups had meshed and converged on the place. First, there was the media. Although the press conference had ended quite a while ago, they were still hanging around, likely hoping to corner either Tony Stark or one of the Avengers into an interview as they walked in. Similarly, there were the gawkers. They were the people who hung around the Tower hoping to have an encounter with a hero. There were always gawkers but given the excitement of the past couple of days, there was a much higher ratio of them.
"Do you want me to do something to make this easier on you?" Steve asked. "Make you breakfast, perhaps?" Out of everything he could have said, that got Tony sitting up faster than anything else could.
"Well, I do," Steve said. "Now just relax and shut your eyes. I promise you'll feel better when you wake up." If for any reason, because he wouldn't have Valium in his system anymore.
"I can't get Loki out of my head." With those words, Natasha's frown turned into a look of sympathy. Slowly, she lowered herself down so she could sit next to him but refrained from touching him. She didn't want to startle him or make him uncomfortable. "I don't know what it is," Clint continued. "But every free second, I have, my mind just drifts back to when it happened. I can't stand it, so I try to keep myself busy. Back at the nest, it's easy, but here?" Natasha slowly mirrored Clint's position, pulling her legs up to her chest and directing her gaze to her feet.
While Lara talked to the police on the phone, she saw the building's head of security, Tobias Wallace, walk up to the suspicious individuals. Wallace had his back to the camera, so she couldn't see what he was saying, but she assumed he asked them to leave. Lara felt her gut twist unpleasantly. Although the agent that attacked her wasn't armed, his buddies clearly were, and she couldn't help but worry about what they might do. Still, they seemed compliant enough, so much so that Lara eventually relaxed and sent Tony another text.
He'd have to thank Romanoff for that save later. It was rather brilliant. Not only would it not look weird for him and Steve to be holding hands when they all were, it also solidified that image of unity they were talking about earlier. It was very symbolic. Tony would have to find out when her birthday was and make sure to get her something extra nice.
She had just started composing her second message when it became clear that something wasn't right. She heard the phone at the front desk ring. That was completely normal. What wasn't normal was the grim look she saw on the receptionist's face when she looked up. When he got off the phone, he stood up and whistled to get everyone's attention.
"Okay," he said before his eyes drifted southward. "Are you going to need any help with that, though?" He gestured to Tony's exposed privates, clearly erect. Tony waved it off.
"I'm sorry that took so long," Dr. Fox said. "I usually have an entire staff to do this work for me, but I didn't think it would be wise to overwhelm you with people right now."
"Oh, both the phone and the laptop have cameras. See?" She pointed out where the cameras were located on the phone and the laptop and then showed him the phone's screen, which was currently capturing the side of his neck and chest as he turned to look in Oswin's direction. "You can see everything I see, and I can see everything you see. I'll also be wearing this," she held up a small device that had the word "Bluetooth" written on the side of it. "So that way I can hear everything you're saying, and I can still talk to you. Does that sound like it will work?"
"Atta girl," Tony said, giving her a thumbs up before she turned and started to head back down the hall to their offices. That just left him with Steve, Natasha, and Carol.
"Not necessarily," Steve said. "I think they were genuinely concerned." Tony looked down. He highly doubted that. "Are you coming?" Tony nodded.
By the time they had gotten back on the road, rush hour had started. The highways were crowded with people who all needed to get to New York ASAP. As time passed, the sky started to lighten up making everything become more visible, including the depressive air that hung around the car.
"Is there anything…" She stopped speaking as soon as she realized that it wasn't Salinas sitting on the couch and although seeing Tony Stark there was a surprise, the real shock came when she saw the glass of water in his hand. "Oh my god…"
"That is the point." Steve could see something clicking together behind Tony's eyes. "That's Loki's point. He hit us all right where we live. Why?"
That stung. In fact, a part of Steve didn't want to believe it even though he had witnessed Bucky's death first-hand. He didn't really have much time to mourn. He had tried going to that pub to get drunk (which didn't work thanks to the serum) but after Peggy found him there, it was pretty much go, go, go non-stop until he got frozen in the ice. Now, he had more deaths to grieve for than just Bucky's; more than any one man should ever have to grieve for.
"You're here for the long haul, right? You're not going to abandon Tony at the first sign of trouble?" Steve was baffled as to why he would even have to ask that.
"Well," Bruce said. "If he could do that then he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet."
"No," Tony cut her off. "You've spied on me in the past. You've never worked as my personal assistant." Romanoff rolled her eyes.
"Well, you're not going to find out tonight because you need to get some sleep." Tony pulled back and let out a groan.
"That's obvious," he said. "What else has got your panties in a twist?" Lara's face went red. Whether it was in embarrassment or anger, Tony couldn't tell. By her tone, he would guess the later.
"Well, she was dating a guy with the last name Samson the last time I saw her," he said. "It's pretty safe to assume they got married and she changed he name." Lara raised an eyebrow.
She kept the rhythm in her head, moving with exact precision. The training was hard, and she struggled to keep a balance between perfection and failure. Failure meant death. Perfection was something far worse. Average was survival. So, she did her best not to stand out for either good or bad. With every plié, balancé, pirouette, kick, jab, lunge… Wait, were they dancing or fighting? Honestly, Natasha couldn't tell anymore.
"That reminds me," Knežević said. "You didn't tell me how you were planning to get around the guards and cameras."
Yes, another OC-centered chapter, but at least you got to see a bit of Steve and Tony! Plus, the next chapter is from Tony, Natasha, and Steve's perspectives so that makes this better, right? Right?
Thor tried for what seemed like the eighty-seventh time in the past two minutes to smash Mjolnir through the glass. Once again it didn't work. Loki couldn't help but be amused by that. What was that mortal saying? "Insanity was doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results?" Well, that certainly fit Thor. However, apparently, Thor had managed to weaken the glass to the point where it finally cracked. The force of the hit also caused one of the metal clamps holding the cage in place to come off. There were still several more clamps located around the glass prison, so thankfully the whole thing wouldn't come apart just yet. Loki let out a laugh.
Surprisingly enough, the shawarma place was still open when the Avengers showed up. When they asked the old man and woman who ran the restaurant why they didn't close shop and flee when the invasion started, they looked completely non-pulsed.
I have to be grateful for." He inclined his head to the two women behind him. "Sister Alpha, Sister Beta, show her what you can do and don't hold back." The two women stepped forward. Carol didn't even flinch.
"Yes," Natasha said. "And judging from the looks of this report, I can clearly tell that it's not the one I submitted to Director Fury."
"It's how people around here have been referring to the alien invasion," Pepper explained. "Outside of here they just call it 'New York' or 'the Battle of New York.' In the city, though, they call it 'the Incident.'" To Tony's surprise, he saw Steve's face pale a tiny bit as soon as Pepper said the words "alien invasion" and it made him feel reassured and awful at the same time.
"Hey." Tony leaned in close and spoke in a low tone so that way the tour guide wouldn't overhear. "You okay?"
Steve tried to help Tony into the car, but Tony pushed his hands away. He got into the seat alright on his own but struggled with the seatbelt. Steve took the belt from him and got him buckled up properly. Tony glared at him the entire time, but Steve didn't care. He'd rather have Tony mad at him and safe than killed in a fiery car wreck. Once Steve was buckled in, the driver glanced at them through the rearview mirror and asked where they wanted to go. Tony was quick with his reply.
With not many more words being exchanged, Hill turned and went back the way she came, most likely to continue to monitor the situation with Barton and Romanoff. Since they had the go-ahead to leave, Steve and Tony started making their way back towards the main entrance of the hospital. Hill had informed them that the S.H.I.E.L.D. car that had brought her, Steve, and Romanoff to the hospital would be available to take them back to Avengers Tower, which was a relief considering that neither Steve nor Tony had their cell phones or exact change on them.
Stepping into the penthouse's living room, he could see Pepper intently studying the holographic screen in front of her. The screen showed a virtual schematic of the entire tower along with various readings on the building's power and energy status.
The elevator doors couldn't close fast enough. First, she needed to make sure Pepper had control of the situation. Then she needed to talk to Cabe about the Dante situation. Already, she could feel a headache throbbing behind her eye sockets.
Although, yes, New York was in ruins, the population managed to survive, save for an unlucky few. Everyone was left in shock in the aftermath. Somehow, the invasion stopped, and the ones who had finished it was deemed, heroes. On every newspaper, news broadcast, and webpage on Earth, the faces of the Avengers could be seen; Bruce Banner, Clint Barton, Thor Odinson, Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, and Tony Stark. To the entire world, they were saints, saviors, messiahs.
Remember kids, literacy is failing me at the moment, so I can't come up with anything witty. I blame my noisy family.
"It's alright, I should have expected this to happen sooner or later." The officer looked perplexed until Tony said, "who leaked it to the press that I'm here?"
"People have said worse to me in my life," she said. "That doesn't even make my top ten. You don't need to worry about it, and I accept your apology." Tony let out a breath of relief before sucking it back in again. He knew that wasn't all he had to apologize for.
"I read the questions," Tony said. "I didn't pay attention to who was conducting the interviews." Lara groaned and dropped her face into her hands.
"Any of the three stairwells would suffice," the AI explained. "But I would recommend the emergency stairwell in the south-west corner of the building. It is reinforced with steel and was built to withstand a potential explosion or building collapse. The access doors to each floor are also bullet-resistant."
Although, yes, Barton was possibly showing symptoms of both Ebola and H5N1, they couldn't be certain it was even those diseases he was suffering from, never mind if it came from the powder or not. If the powder ended up being inert, then it couldn't infect anyone. If that were the case, it could be a good sign. It could mean that Barton had something more common, less deadly, and more treatable; curable even.
"And I shouldn't have asked you to do that," she said. "I was just thinking about keeping Clint from getting in the way."
It felt like they had been flying around for much longer than an hour. In fact, Steve wouldn't be surprised if they had flown in circles at a few points. After all, S.H.I.E.L.D. probably wanted to keep the location of their emergency secret base a secret. So, when they finally touched down on the aircraft carrier, Steve was just happy to be able to get up and stretch his legs. He was also the tiniest bit happier when he caught sight of a familiar face.
"The security office has asked me to notify you all that the food has been cleared from any tampering and is ready to be picked up." Tony held a hand up in the air.
"Right," Salinas said. "I'll get on it right away." He then turned and started walking towards the door.
The first thing Pepper had noticed was off was that she could hear the TV on in Tony's room and the volume on it was blasting. Tony was supposed to be resting and he never turned the sound up that loud. The second thing she noticed that was off was that someone was speaking French in the room. Tony knew French, but Pepper knew his voice wasn't that feminine. Pushing the door open, Pepper saw Lara sitting on the edge of the bed, talking on her cell phone while inspecting her nails. The sensor on her right index finger made it clear what she was doing.
"He kept calling her while you were missing," Barton explained. "I threatened to kill him if he called her again and that must have scared him because I don't think he has."
"Not much," Pepper said. "It was just an e-mail with the subject 'you need to see this,' a brief rundown of the situation, and the video." Tony leaned back, pinching the bridge of his nose. "What's wrong?" Tony let out a breath as he pulled his hand away from his face.
"Well, you can forget about it because it doesn't matter, I'll still do the interview." Freeman – who had been looking like he'd been trying to get a word in edgewise for about a solid minute – seemed to visibly relax. Tony turned to look at Natasha. "What does matter, though, is how Agent Romanoff knew about that. What, does S.H.I.E.L.D. have a super-secret spy satellite orbiting my house now?" Nat just shrugged.
That was until he tried to do it. As soon as he tried to break away from the crowd, the cops were on him and tried to herd him out the door with the others. When he refused two of the cops grabbed him under the arms, lifted him, and carried him out. Tony kicked and screamed, doing anything he could to break their grip on him. However, it was useless. The cops deposited him outside the hotel doors and ordered him to stay out. Predictably, Tony turned and tried to rush back in, but was pushed back by both the cops and the crowd. He tried to tell them that he really was staying there, but in the end, it didn't matter. The hotel wanted everyone involved with the party out, so he was getting kicked out. End of story.
"Yeah," Bruce said. "Not only is the dog joining us for dinner, but I think she's going to take Lucky home with her." Lara scoffed at the suggestion.
that's all we're going to do." Steve took a deep breath. Although admittedly he was at a loss as to what he could do to help Tony as well, he couldn't help but be a little hesitant.
"No," Clint assured. "I wish I had, though. I couldn't see what you guys looked like when you walked into the room."
?" He shrugged. "I don't know. I wasn't expecting to be put on the spot like that." The crowd gave a little laugh at that, and then it was on to Natasha.
"No, it isn't," Lara said. "It's short for 'my mom didn't give a fuck about me and named me after the first person to walk into the room.'" Lara sighed as Bruce gave her a sorry look. "Alright, name changes aside, what seems to be the problem?" Bruce hesitated to respond for a moment, taking a deep breath.
"I wanted you to get help." Stark raised both of his eyebrows. "Specifically, what I wrote was that you were showing some alarming behavioral signs – specifically alcoholism and signs of PTSD and depression. However, I'm not equipped to diagnose you, so I highly suggested that you be evaluated by an actual psychiatrist and only be allowed onto the team once they felt you were capable of handling it."
Getting up off the ground, Knežević know knew what he needed to do. He needed to somehow get access to the necessary chemical elements to create this new compound, produce it, and make millions selling his creation. This time, he was certain that it would all work out in his favor.
After a few moments of circling, the connecting screen disappeared, replaced with nothing but a static blackness. For a moment, Clint was alarmed and began searching the screen for any indication of what went wrong. Then Laura's smiling face appeared onscreen and Clint was able to let out a breath of relief.
"Ten bucks says your wrong." Steve said nothing as he walked across the room and picked up one of the punching bags, intending to take it with him back to his apartment. If he couldn't get any peace here, he might as well go back home. "There's a debriefing packet waiting for you back at your apartment. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?"
"Spider DNA," Jessica explained. "Makes me more sensitive… Like Maria's eggnog…" Carol's eyes widened, knowing the exact incident she was talking about and remembering how sick she got.
Even though they were showering together, they didn't engage in any foreplay or sexual activity. That would only serve to wind them up when really what they needed was to relax and wind down. Also, Steve was concerned about disturbing their guest. Tony tried to point out that Rhodey's room was on the other side of the apartment and the walls were thick enough to where he couldn't hear, but Steve's reddening cheeks convinced Tony to relent. He might be getting frustrated with the public hang-ups but wanting a private moment to stay between them was something he could easily understand.
Again, Carol was thrown off enough that her powers flickered out for a few seconds, providing Alpha with the opportunity she needed to force her down to the ground. Before she could position herself to properly pin Carol down, though, Carol kicked Alpha square in the chest. At the same time, she fired an energy blast at Beta, who did her best to block it with her concrete fist. It clearly still caused her pain, but it did not knock her back as much as Carol would have liked. Still, the distraction was enough for Carol to at least get back on her feet in time to block a punch Beta had tried to direct at her face.
Things were silent. The expression on Tony's face was unreadable. Steve knew that wasn't a good sign. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and waited for the rejection. It took a little bit, but eventually, Tony came to his senses and was able to give some response. However, it was worse than a simple "no," and more insulting. Tony started laughing.
Screaming. That was the only sound that could be heard in that house, screaming. Then, dead silence.
"Auntie!" Audrey continued to call. "Where are you? You forgot to pick us up at church camp! Deacon Whalen had to give us a ride back home! Auntie! Auntie!"
"Are you serious?" She rushed over and leaned over the desk a bit, trying to get a better look at Tony and determine if he was showing any signs of weakness or distress. "Is something wrong? Is the Arc Reactor still working? What…" Tony quickly held up a hand to silence her questions.
…Or so she thought. The S.H.I.E.L.D. representative announced that the next person to speak would be Mr. Duane Freeman, Head of Public Relations for Stark Industries. Lara braced herself, hoping against hope that he would at least be slightly more composed than he was minutes before. Again, that isn't what happened. If anything, Freeman looked worse as he stepped up to the podium and leaned into the microphone.
Although her mind was abuzz with possibilities, Lara didn't miss the sound of her name being called; her first name. She knew panicking and trying to fix the problem from the outset wasn't a good idea, but with Dante she didn't want to take chances, especially when she was on the stairs. Reaching for the bottle of pepper spray she was now keeping clipped to the inside of her pants, she whipped around, ready to attack at the first provocation. In doing so, she smashed into two people and was called a very nasty name. She also found that her panic was undue as it was Bruce who called her name and he was only a few steps behind her.
"Are you hell happened?" Tony had trouble suppressing his snort of laughter. Clearly in his frantic state, Steve had tried to say, "are you okay?" and "what the hell happened?" at the same time. Tony wanted to laugh harder, but for Steve's sake, he kept his reaction subdued.
"I am." Hill's eyes seemed to be scrutinizing her for a moment longer before she lowered her gaze, turning to the driver.
"Or just access to those two things." Bruce eyed the letter skeptically before a thought dawned on him. "Why Newark?"
"He's not," Lara said. "But he's stubborn and likes to live in denial. He's not going to seek help on his own. He might recognize that he has a problem, but he's not going to seek help for it. You either have to force him into it against his will or make him see the light."
"Yes, ma'am," Lara said. She started moving towards the door and Agent Morse jumped up to open it for her. As soon as she opened it, though, Freeman was revealed to be on the other side, fist raised as it appeared, he was about to knock. Morse instantly put a hand on her weapon but didn't unholster it.
Clint tried to punch Natasha in the face, but she blocked him with her arm. When he tried to take another strike at her, she grabbed his arm and kneed him in the stomach. When he started going down she held on tightly to his arm straining it to the point where it could dislocate. Natasha didn't care if it did or not if she could get him to stop without killing him. They could handle any unintended consequences later.
"I'm guessing that's not AM?" Pepper shook her head. "Shit. I hope the subway is still running. I don't want to have to catch a cab."
"Don't worry about it," he said. "I probably won't be going in either." Lara gave another nod, this one surer.
"No… Not sick…" Steve's mother began to wonder if he was a little loopy with a fever, until he said "don't want a needle in my eye…" She instantly went pale and struggled to breathe for a second.
"Call Tony Stark," Fury instructed. "See if he still has access to his father's files. Do not tell him anything that's going on."
"Alright," he said. "Now I think you're getting this a little too well." Steve sighed and placed his hand on top of Tony's.
"Looks like it," Natasha said. She plucked the page she'd been reading from the folder. "I'm just going to photocopy this. I'll bring it right back." She started to head towards the door.
." Tony could tell that Steve was a little taken aback by the firmness of his tone. "I can't just let this slide, Steve. If I just let this person get away with robbing me
Don't get me wrong, I still like this fic and want to keep writing it, it's just the chapter I'm currently writing is hard. I got about halfway through it and I realized I made about eighteen logical missteps and I probably need to start from scratch again, and the scheduled post date for this chapter is about three weeks away, so it's not like I have much time to do so.
When he got out to the hallway, the cop let Tony go and he was able to infer from the stream of people exiting the room that the party was being broken up. Although a little disappointed that he couldn't keep his buzz going, he figured he should probably get to bed anyway. It was going to be dawn in… Who knows how long? He wasn't sure. He just knew something was going on in the morning.
"It's not like it was something I wouldn't do again," she said. "Even if I was working counterfeiting at the time, I was still a Secret Service Agent. It was my duty to protect and I did just that."
"It got you to smile, didn't it?" Tony nodded, but slowly the smile started to fade from his lips. "Alright, if you don't have a fever, what's wrong? Headache?"
"His readings are still the same," she reported. "Nothing abnormal. Do you know what kind of symptoms we should be looking for?"
Although he had only been working there for less than a week, it was rather easy for Knežević to fall into a routine. That routine being standing there from 4 PM to 2 AM every day and glaring at the television set as it changed from the news to a sports game to more news to the late night talk shows and back to finish off the night with yet another dose of news. Occasionally he'd have to hand a customer or two a beer, but other than that, things were usually quiet. At one point he questioned whether this bar was a front for something but decided that it probably wasn't a good idea to think about that too much. They hadn't asked questions, so neither should he.
Steve and Romanoff helped him back to the room. Once he was settled into bed, Romanoff left and Steve slid into the space next to him, wrapping his arms around his waist. Tony buried his face in Steve's shoulder and took a deep breath, trying to relax. His stomach felt much worse than it did during the State of the Union. Part of him was convinced that if he could just fall asleep, then maybe the nausea would go away. It was wishful thinking, but Tony was still willing to try it.
There were blood and a lot of it. Certainly, more than what she would consider normal for her period. Most alarmingly, it all looked fresh and it had clearly soaked through her underwear and her pants. Now she knew why someone had called after her; they wanted to tell her that she was covered in blood.
"Okay." Glancing over his shoulder, Steve saw that Conroy was tapping away at a black device like the see-though one that Tony kept on his person. He wondered how safe it was to walk down stairs and play with that thing at the same time, but she seemed to manage it just fine. They were almost out the door before anyone spoke up again, and it just so happened to be Conroy. "Wait, West Hills Hospital? That's so far away! Isn't there somewhere closer?"
"Thor's back in his home realm of Asgard," he explained. "We don't have any way to contact him, otherwise we would have asked him to be here with us today."
"Are you kidding?" she said. "He's not invited to the rest of my life. I haven't talked to him since…" Again, she froze. Bruce gave her a sympathetic look.
It didn't take long for Tony to locate the last underwater power supply line running through the East River. It was old, rusted, grimy, and easy to cut through with just a low-powered energy beam from one of his repulsors. He had the metal housing open in seconds and was able to secure the power inhibitor with ease. Once he saw that it had powered on and was functioning properly, he took off, resurfacing and turning his attention straight to his newly-built tower. The place was as black as midnight, but thankfully all the buildings around it were still lit up. That was a relief. One of the concerns he had was that he'd accidentally cause a city-wide blackout trying to take Stark Tower off the grid. Good thing that didn't come to pass, otherwise he'd have a lot of explaining to do to the City of New York (again.)
"Regardless of what it is or is not, it still presents a hazard to the well being of your daughters." Knežević scoffed at that.
"No," he asserted. "Nothing happened last night. Tony asked me to stay with him and that's what I did. We slept in the same bed and that's all." Pepper let out a breath that she must have been holding.
"It's cold by now," he said. "And I don't really want to reheat it. I'll make a sandwich." Tony nodded.
"We'll have the band play something slow." He watched as those last few hundred feet to the ground raced past him. "I'd hate to step on your…"
He made his way around the room, meandering a bit as he kept forgetting his goal. He didn't see anyone he recognized and when he stopped to talk to people, he couldn't even remember what he was saying, let alone what the conversation was even about. He was about midway through one of these conversations when he thought he heard someone call his name.
"It still doesn't help anything," Steve said. "I still can't help him and I'm still going to lose him."
Lara froze for a few seconds, her eyes on Pepper. She didn't look too hurt, thankfully, which gave her some relief. However, it didn't stop humiliation from creeping up on her.
Naturally concerned, Happy asked Rhodey what was going on and Rhodey reluctantly explained what the had stumbled across. Happy did know about Tony being bisexual – it wasn't
That was about when Steve walked into the apartment. Bucky and Rebecca both went silent, but neither one emerged from their bedroom. Mrs. Barnes let out an exasperated sigh.
Steve was angry. It was hard not to be. This woman had tried to poison him and his entire team then had the audacity to use that slur against Tony. That would be enough to set anyone off. Luckily, he still had the awareness not to do anything that would hurt anyone. Hill grabbed his arm as he began to charge at the window, and he managed to stop himself. Honestly, the worst he probably would have done was break the viewing window. Even with everything she did, Sharpton was not worth breaking his moral codes.
"Clint Barton," he supplied in case she had forgotten as well. He pulled his hand back to try and rub the remaining sleepiness from his eyes. "Sorry. I almost died a week ago so I'm kind of groggy on a few things."
Remember kids, the best part of any flight is when the pilot screams "bend to my will metal sky bird and bring us into the big blueness!" while the passengers chant "Sky bird! Sky bird! Sky bird!"
"Oh, how silly of me," he said. "How could I not notice something like that?" He pressed a chaste kiss to Tony's lips. "I can forgive you," he said. "Especially since there's a lot we can do in ten minutes." Steve licked his lips.
"So…" Knežević slammed his glass down a little harder than he intended and laughed. "So, you gonna tell me how you did that?"
Little did he know; his feelings were in for another whammy. At the other microphone, the next person to step up was a dark-skinned woman in her early-to-mid-twenties. Her hair was done in dreadlocks and she was wearing all white. She cleared her throat before speaking up.
"Now, you're free to go," Smith said. "There's already a nurse getting a fresh set of scrubs for you. I don't know if Avengers Tower has been cleared by the CDC yet, but I can find out."
"No, I don't," she said. "But shouldn't you stay here? I mean, I doubt it would be good PR for you all to suddenly leave, right?"
"Top floor with Steve and Pepper," Bruce reported. "They're probably talking logistics for tomorrow."
Natasha stared her down with a gaze of sharp scrutiny. She looked for any sign that Sharpton was lying, but all she saw was a coward that didn't want to die. She narrowed her eyes.
"But you know we're the problem children who could mess this all up," Clint finished. "Tell me I'm wrong."
"Go ahead," he said softly. "We'll all be waiting for you when you're ready. I promise." For a second, Tony's lips quirked upwards.
"So, taking him back to the tower isn't an option," Bruce said. "Where does that leave Tony? He needs help as soon as possible, and he's not going to be able to get it until he gets home."
Her problem was that she had no idea how potent the stuff was. She didn't have any doubts that it would work – Hydra would never give her a weapon that wasn't effective – but she was worried about the danger it presented to herself. Although she had accelerated healing, Jessica knew her powers made her a bit more susceptible to the side effects of certain substances. She fell into a poison ivy patch once and ended up with a vicious rash on her arm, cheek, and the side of her neck that took weeks to clear up. She was worried that if there was any trace of it on the vial or if she spilled some and got it on her skin, she would get poisoned, too. It wouldn't be enough to kill her – she could thank her accelerated healing for that – but it would probably be enough to make her sick for an extended period. Jess didn't like the idea, but this is what Hydra wanted her to do and how they wanted her to go about doing it. She'd just have to take it upon herself to be careful.
Slowly opening the door and peering out, Tony spotted Steve asleep on the floor next to the door. Not wanting to wake up the sleeping Super Soldier, Tony tried his best to keep the door from creaking as he slid out and gently padded over to the front door. As far as he could tell, Steve didn't stir at all before he left.
"I was just filling out the forums," he explained. "Just got upset over nothing." Rhodey shook his head.
"Quit blaming yourself, or you're fired." Lara shot Tony a look but didn't protest further. Tony looked back at Pepper. "How far did he go?"
"I'll admit," Peggy said. "My initial response probably wasn't the ideal one. Just hearing it was a huge shock to me and when you consider that telling me was probably one of the hardest things Steve had to do in his whole life… I just didn't know how to react. I told him I needed time to think and walked away." Tony's disbelieving expression had slowly softened as Peggy had continued to speak.
"Good morning, sweetheart," Tony said in a honeyed tone that made Steve try to stifle his groan as best he could.
"You can't promise that." Speaking forced Steve to take a breath and he almost choked on it. He leaned forward and coughed. From there he remembered the breathing exercises that his mother had him do whenever he had a coughing fit that left him unable to breathe and felt some relief come to him. When he looked up, Natasha had bent over so that she would still be eye-level with him.
"No," Clint said firmly. "It was invasive enough getting them put in. I don't need someone cutting open my head and poking around in my ears just for curiosity's sake."
At least that's what he was doing until some sort of substance came raining down in his face. He looked to the sky but didn't see a single cloud. His eyes burned when they met whatever it was. At first, he thought it might have been dirt, but on further inspection, it appeared to be either soot or ash. As he rubbed the substance between his fingers, he felt something bounce off the toe of his shoe. Looking over, he saw a small gray disc about the size of a bottlecap come rolling into a lopsided landing on the ground. Curious, he picked the item up.
The two of them were sat on a bench a few blocks out from Avengers Tower. That's where the building's security and the police had herded them off to, so that's where they sat. On the way to the "safe zone" they saw several trucks pass by that had the logos for both the CDC and S.H.I.E.L.D. That gave them some hints as to what was going on, but no solid ideas. At first, they had been sharing theories and speculating, but somehow that had devolved into playing twenty questions. Despite how strange that was, it at the very least kept their minds off how unbearably freezing cold it was, so at least that was a benefit.
"Can't you see all you're going is hurting yourself and everyone around you?" Tony turned to look at him with fury in his eyes.
"You're welcome." The nurse started to move back towards the door she came from. "Dr. Wayne asked me to remind you that your next blood test is in three hours. Try to squeeze in whatever rest you can before then."
"A lot," he said. "I heard you crying and I heard you telling Mrs. Barnes how they treated people at the hospital. I don't want to go there! I don't want any of that to happen!"
"Uh, I don't know about the map," Oswin said. "But if you need to give the taxi service directions, we're on South Grevillea Avenue in Lennox."
Eventually, Natasha grew tired of the silence and engaged Steve in conversation. The slight tension in the room was dispelled and from what Tony could tell, the tone was very pleasant. Steve tried to bring him into the conversation a couple of times, but Tony just kept slipping out of it. It was not like he was avoiding anything, though. In truth, he was not really paying attention. He was more focused on finishing his breakfast so he could at least get started on the packet before the rest of the Mötley Crüe showed up.
"Please don't be a telemarketer," Tony muttered to himself. "Please don't be a telemarketer. Please don't be a telemarketer."
"He's drunk," Lara pointed out. "Drunk people are known to pass out in weird places and positions. Where in the suite do you think he could have gotten into? We'll start looking for him there and work our way through until we find him."
"Not yet," he said. "You're the first one I've come across." Lara swallowed hard. Bruce's face softened. "I'm sure they're alright. They're probably just ahead of us. We'll catch up to them outside." Lara slowly nodded, but her face remained pale.
"It's perfect," Knežević said, taking the computer from her. "What happens if I click this bold, blue…"
Taking a deep breath, Clint let the sparks settle in his mind before even attempting to find the right words to say.
Tony immediately bolted upright, his breaths coming in fast-paced and ragged. Wherever he was it was dark, too dark, but he still had to be alive because he could still see the glow of the Arc Reactor coming from his chest. At least, that's what he told himself. Further proof that he was still alive came when he heard a sharp click behind him and a bright light filled the room.
"Of course, we're still here, Commander," Steve said graciously. "Barton's a member of our team. We want to know that he's okay."
Oswin tried to read his lips but failed miserably. Eventually, Knežević realized that she couldn't hear him, gave up, grabbed her by the wrist, and started pulling her along with him. It wasn't until she saw the flashing red and blue lights in the distance that she finally understood what he was trying to tell her.
S.H.I.E.L.D. has captured Loki, but they have no leads on the location of the Tesseract. Dr. Bruce Banner and Tony Stark are trying to track the Cube through it's Gamma Radiation signature. Meanwhile, Steve and Tony had a date, but it was canceled thanks to S.H.I.E.L.D.'s little crisis. Since meeting back up in Germany, Steve and Tony have been uncharacteristically hostile towards one another. Sure, their annoyance at having their date ruined might have something to do with that, but something else seems to be at play...
"Wrongful termination?" Freeman questioned. "Is that really necessary, considering I was resigning anyway."
"But it seems they think you're deserving of it," Conroy said. "I mean, I know the robbery was a huge screw-up – and just referring to it as a 'screw-up' is an understatement in and of itself – but from the way the kept going at you, you'd think they were convinced that you poisoned the water supply, burned their crops, and set a plague unto their houses."
Getting up and crossing the room, Stark took notice of Natasha's approach and held open his arms. Nat was slightly surprised to get such a warm welcome, especially from Tony Stark of all people, but she went along with it anyway.
"The strongest thing we have is meant for a man four times your size." Tony wasn't sure he wanted to know about that.
However, as he walked into the room, he caught a glimpse of a figure lying on one of the exam beds through the door leading to the med bay. Right away, he went to investigate and found Lara fast asleep. Careful not to be too abrupt, Bruce called out her name until she started to stir. She seemed slightly out of it and quickly mumbled an apology and said something about staying in the guest room downstairs. He helped her make her way back to bed. After that, he went about the rest of his night, heading to bed around ten o'clock.
"Yeah, mostly," she laughed before turning to look behind her. "You know Bruce and Steve obviously."
Knežević watched as Oswin sat cross-legged in the driver's seat, tapping away at the keyboard of a small laptop computer. When they were making plans for robbing the Stark Industries headquarters, Oswin had insisted that she go in alone. This obviously wasn't an option for Knežević as only he could identify which chemicals were the ones he needed. He didn't trust Oswin to do it. He didn't even think she could tell Acetate apart from Ammonia. However, Oswin had explained to him that there was a way that he could see everything she was doing inside the building without leaving the car. Knežević heard her out, but he was still skeptical.
"Why don't you look and see for yourself?" Tony stared at the agent oddly for a few seconds before proceeding to move towards the glass.
The entire time he went through the integration process, the Other had taunted him and threatened him. All of which were some of the sickest and vile things someone could say to another person, but Loki was able to handle it. He knew everyone had said those things about him behind his back at some point or another. It was refreshing for someone to have the courage to say it to his face. There was one threat, though, that always struck, well for lack of a better term, the fear of God into Loki; one thing that the Other could say that would make even Loki's cold, mischievous heart shrivel in terror.
"I don't have an attitude." Clint wanted to comment that she sounded like Lila when she threw a tantrum, but fear of prying ears held him back.
"See you at dinner." With nothing else to say, she left the room, gently shutting the door behind her.
"You're right." Freeman bowed. "I am truly sorry, Brother Daniel." Adoniram was silent for a moment as he analyzed the apology. Unfortunately, he found that in this situation, he would have to allow it.
"And how do you know that?" Tony asked. The woman's face was tense as she looked him directly in the eyes.
After what seemed like an eternity, a woman from the LA County Poison Control Center picked up the phone. Rhodey explained the situation and Tony's symptoms as best he could but did not make it any further than the word "Ketamine" before the woman was cutting him off.
"Well, seeing as none of us can be civil, I think we can all agree to adjourn this meeting," he said. "What do you say? Same time next week? Do you think that's enough time for all of you to grow up?"
Steve Rogers is not oblivious. In fact, he's usually good at figuring out people's character and intentions; who to trust and who not to trust, things like that. However, if you flashed a bright red neon sign in front of his window that read – in capital letters no less – "THIS IS A DATE" and bought every billboard in the City of New York and changed them to read – in capital letters, once again – "STEVE ROGERS, TONY STARK IS TAKING YOU OUT ON A DATE TONIGHT" Steve still probably wouldn't have gotten it.
"It wasn't about lock picking," Knežević assured. "It wouldn't have been allowed in the building if it was. It was mostly just the history and the facts and stuff. It didn't give instructions."
"Tony, you're not going to Long Island," Steve said. "If you want to go back to the hotel, we'll go back to the hotel. I just think you should sit down for a second first, okay?"
With that, Carol walked into the bathroom and took up residence in the nearest available stall. Opening the bag, she saw that she had been provided with a pair of navy-blue – and thankfully, logo-less – sweats, along with the aforementioned underwear, a white t-shirt, and brand-new socks and shoes. Carol wasted no time in ripping of the johnny and tossed it to the ground, along with her original bra and underwear as soon as she managed to peel it off her skin. In fact, some skin came with it and it made Carol disgustedly realize her burn was already starting to peel away. A particularly thin patch came off that parachuted slowly to the ground. The very sight of it made her want to gag.
"The problem," he said. "Is that I need to get five million other things done before I can even start to think about what color the walls should be."
"Can I have cab fare back to Hawthorne?" she asked. "You can take it off my paycheck if you want, I'm just not walking the entire length of that mountain again."
"Why are you telling me all of this?" he asked. "Shouldn't you be taking these concerns to Hill or Fury? They're the ones who know her."
I also can't write too much right now because I've also realized I haven't taken my meds yet and I feel a bit off. So, yeah, sorry for not writing much of an author's note. Please, feel free to review/comment! It really means a lot.
"The override is still active," Tony said. "If you hit the button for the penthouse, it'll take you there. When you get up there, have JARVIS stop the elevator and get your key. If you put it in the keyhole like normal, it'll turn off the override and no one will be able to get up there."
Clint forced himself to sit up as he continued to pull on the restraints. He fought desperately for control; to stay in one reality long enough to determine what was real and what wasn't. Tears collected in the corners of his eyes. His wrists ached with pain. The only reassuring thing was that he could still hear Natasha's voice.
"It's whatever you need it to be," Carol said. "It's whatever the safest, healthiest option is for you." Tony grimaced.
"You know there's something wrong here," Natasha said. "Even with the labs and medical equipment Sharpton had access to, there had to be other people involved. It's just too big a task for one person to pull off on their own."
"Just in case Fury forgets to invite me to the party again," she said. "I can trust you not to leave me out, right?" She gave him a wink.
It didn't take long for Charles to figure out the button on top opened a secret compartment. He pressed it and the silvery-blue shard slid out. Confused as to what it possibly could be, he tried to pick it up by pinching it between his two fingers. What followed was completely mind-boggling.
Again, Tony found himself hesitating. At first, he didn't think that there was anything else he needed to add, but then he thought of what the nightmares were about. That was… He honestly couldn't even think of what words he could use to explain it. He new after the…
"Good, I guess," Bruce said. "I've been trying to pick my research up where I left off. Although, I have to admit that I'm now looking less for a cure than I am trying to find answers as to what went wrong."
"No, you're not," Amanda said. "So, if you would kindly leave…" Fury whipped out his badge before she could even think of saying anything more.
"I don't know how to do that." It was clear she felt guilty admitting that. "I usually just stand around and wait for someone to open the door for me, but obviously that's not going to happen with everyone gone for the weekend."
"True," Lara said. "But it's on him to take the hand he's offered. People usually don't want to do that." The cold note in her voice didn't go unnoticed.
Realizing that it probably wasn't safe to lose that amount of blood, Lara stood up and pulled her pants back on. Her plan was to run out and ask the police officer to call for an ambulance, but as her vision began to blur, it became clear that it wasn't going to be that simple.
Clint immediately forced the Director to the ground as a blast was sent towards them. The whole thing was a snafu, with people screaming and machine gunfire sounding off. At some point, the man had stopped firing and had taken to stabbing the armed agents with the bladed edge of his scepter and throwing knives at them.
"You couldn't have mentioned that earlier," she groaned. "Mon Dieu, did he leave anything else behind?"
"Hey," he said. "Look at this. If I squeeze the tube like this, blood comes out of me and goes back up into the bag." He attempted to give a demonstration as he said that, but the nurse rushed over and pushed his hands away.
"Steve," he said. "I'm forty-one years old. I've been drinking since I was nine. That's thirty-two years of unfettered addiction. That's tough to break."
Nothing out of the ordinary was caught in the first hour and a half of footage. A handful of people entered and left the building, but none of them were Tony. At first, Steve was worried. If Tony was going to leave, he would have done so shortly after the elevator video was taken? He started to wonder if Tony could still be somewhere in the building or if he could have left through some other exit when the first very out of the ordinary thing happened. Two police officers stepped into frame.
Steve watched with a frown as Tony dragged his spoon around for another lap through his bowl of soup. Tony hadn't eaten much; not then nor at any other point during the weekend. The last real meal Steve could remember him eating was the pizza at Clint's welcome home "party" the other day, and he wasn't sure how much he'd consider that a meal. (Although it had been better than Steve had been expecting, it still tasted mostly of sugar and grease, which made him want nothing but very plain food until dinner the next day.) The most he could recall Tony eating was a bag of chips at some point and that was it. He had no luck in trying to get him to eat at the table the night before, but tonight, Steve wasn't going to take no for an answer.
"Oh, that's just brilliant!" he said. "He's doing all of the hard work for us! Pretty soon, we won't need to do anything! He'll self-destruct on his own and take the Avengers down with him! Oh, it's perfect!"
"So, this vessel is neither space-worthy," Steve heard Thor say as he stepped aboard the jet. "Nor is it one of Earth's avian species?"
Remember kids, if it walks like a duck, and it talks like a duck, and it fucks like a duck... It's probably a damn duck!
"One, I'm going to need you to be more specific than that," she said. "Two – and I can't believe I have to point this out twice in the same conversation – you have a
"Sorry," she said. It was really all she could say. This was yet another moment of panic and this time she couldn't really justify it too much. Most likely, she had drifted off and her body's defensive instinct kicked in when Pepper suddenly approached her from behind. This wasn't the first time this had happened. For the past twenty-seven years she'd been trying to break herself of this habit, even going as far as seeing a hypnotherapist, but nothing worked. The best she could do was warn people she might fall asleep around not to try to wake her abruptly. Otherwise, she might attack them as if they were her mother dragging her out of bed at two in the morning to dunk her head in the toilet, because that was exactly what she thought was happening.
Sharpton squeezed her eyes shut, a few tears slipping out. Natasha kept her grip on both Sharpton's hair and the knife firm. Her expression was cool as she leaned down closer to her face.
"I'm fine, Clint," she said. "Just let me get changed and I'll be right down." She then moved to shut the door, but before it could do so all the way, Clint jammed his foot between it and the door frame, effectively blocking the action.
"Right this way." Dr. Cranston walked in that direction and Tony followed her. He took one last look behind him at the people who had come to support him. Happy gave him a thumbs up. Pepper gave him another reassuring smile. Rhodey nodded, sending the message of "it's okay." Steve, meanwhile, still looked like he was putting on a brave face. Tony smiled for him one last time before stepping into Cranston's office.
venom, but his blood-alcohol level is ridiculously high. One point oh-two six percent. I've never seen anything like it, not even when I was a resident.
Images flashed through Tony's mind at a rapid rate. Some flashed by so fast he couldn't make out the details. Others he could see clearly. There were the bright orange glares of explosions; the light slowly fading out of Yinsin's eyes; Pepper's face contorted unnaturally as she cried out in pain… Then there was Steve's voice coming over the comms, sadly saying the accursed words; "Tony, you know that's a one-way trip."
"Yeah," Steve said. "And now that we're on the same page, do you think you'll be able to get some sleep?"
So, sighing, Steve decided that he had enough catching up for one morning and set the files aside. He got up, stretched out a bit, and sat down on the edge of the bed. He ran his fingers over the cover of the compass for a quick second before reaching under his pillow to retrieve the scrap of paper Tony had given him before.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone! I hope everyone's having a good time! Me, I couldn't personally care about Christmas given that my family sucks, I'm not Christian, and the holiday is so overly commercialized at this point that it's really lost any and all of the meaning that it had to begin with. However, it gives me an excuse to post, which is why you're getting chapters today and tomorrow.
of grinding gears made Clint jump. He took a few steps backward to look out into the hallway. A few feet away, he could see what looked to be metal curtains lowering over each of the windows.
"If you say something or mess up in a pre-taped interview, we can ask the producers to edit it out and not use it," Lara explained. "Not as much pressure as there would be doing it live."
Tony's gaze went away from Steve's face and down to the floor. He really didn't deserve Steve. No matter how many times Steve told him otherwise, Tony couldn't bring himself to believe it. How could he? Steve was perfect. Tony had been told so his entire life, but he didn't believe it until he met him in person. Steve was, in fact, perfect, but not anything like how Howard had described him when he was younger. Steve was thoughtful, loving, and kind. He was there for Tony when he needed him. He was there for Tony when he needed him and even when he didn't. Steve was both physically and mentally strong, and just being near him could make a person feel like they could do anything. A man like that – in Tony's eyes, at least – was perfect, and that was why he didn't deserve him. It was impossible for someone as imperfect as him to stand alongside someone as perfect as Steve. He knew. He'd been trying his whole life.
"Yeah, yeah," Rhodey said. "Keep giving the same old excuses. All that's going to happen is the night nurse will take your phone again." Tony rolled his eyes and Rhodey laughed in amusement. "See you tomorrow, man."
!" Dante shouted at the same time Lara was speaking. "Shit, I can't keep this up anymore! Fine! I admit it! There was someone here yesterday!"
"He slept in all morning and woke up with a fever of 105," she said. "I'm Virginia Potts, a friend of his."
The other one? He got to see Steve dressed up in a suit. Now that was a sight to see. He kept it simple; black tie, black suit, white dress shirt, but even so Tony was having a hard time trying to resist how unbelievably attractive he was. If Tony could have his way, he'd throw Steve down on the table and start screwing his brains out right then and there. Unfortunately, there were such things as public decency laws, and he was pretty sure Romanoff would castrate him if he tried to do that while they were eating. So, he'd have to stick with taking long sips of his wine and replaying his fantasies in his head. It was truly a pity.
"A very serious one," Tony said. "Potentially armed combatants, explosives, mass casualties…" That was the best way he could think of to put it without coming across like a complete loon. After all, who would honestly believe that a Norse God was about to unleash an army of alien invaders from the sky. "The area needs to start being evacuated now."
Annabeth Story was going about her morning routine. She had breakfast, showered, took her dog out for a walk around the neighborhood, and went out to her backyard to water the small tomato plant she had hanging from a metal hook along the back fence. It was the last thing she needed to do before heading off to work. She made it halfway across the yard before something blue and shiny on the back fence caught her attention. Putting her watering can down, she walked over and inspected it.
"I promise you, wife," he said. "We will always be together. The universe has entwined our souls. We were destined to be together, to ascension and beyond."
"Oh my gosh," she said. "I haven't seen you in so long!" She quickly crossed the room and gave the agent a big hug, which he returned. "How've you been?"
"I'm sure she knows how much you appreciate it," Clint said. "Just be sure not to spend all that money in one place Mr. Richie Rich."
"Okay." She kept the word soft and short and gave him a look that gently urged him to explain further.
"I'm sorry," he said. "But rules are rules and the majority agreed." Tony crossed his arms, pouting a bit, but clearly in an overly dramatic fashion.
"We were worried, though. Why didn't you say anything?" Tony stared up at Steve as he placed a hand on his chest, as if ready to push Tony behind him at the first sign of danger.
To his credit, Tony tried to answer the questions to the best of his ability, but these doctors were more impatient than any amount of paparazzi he'd ever dealt with in his life. He was just about to be overtaken by the sea of inquiring voices when a loud shout from above silenced the room.
Tony looked back at Steve. When their eyes met, he saw something in Steve's eyes that he hadn't before; hurt and disappointment and (amazingly) Tony knew right away that it wasn't directed at him. Tony's mouth formed a tight line.
"You did when you gave me the key." Tony sighed, having seen that coming from a mile away and started drifting towards the coffee maker.
"Nope," Tony said, popping the "p." "They could be coming in earlier or later or they could be at the airport at the same time as us. I have no idea. All I know is that they're flying in from a land far, far away."
"No," he said. "You were awesome, I just…" He swallowed hard and took a few more deep breaths. "I need to get to work." Steve nodded understandingly.
"The left-side gauntlet remains fully functional," the AI responded. "But I would not suggest allowing Mr. Knežević to touch you again. Continual conversion of the entirety of the external plating would render the armor completely useless."
"Tessalon and Mucinex," she said. "Both over-the-counter cough suppressants. Both very powerful and both produce results. If you take these, you'll feel better in no time." She then handed him the glass of water. He had no choice but to take it, otherwise, they'd have to waste time cleaning broken glass off the floor.
"Auntie!" The sound of his older daughter's voice was like music to Knežević's ears. The last time he had heard her, she was begging to police to let her daddy go as he was led into the back of a police car. Although it had matured through age and experience, it was still undoubtedly the same voice.
Once he was reawakened in the twenty-first century, he learned that things were different. Well, there were still a few blunders and confusions here and there, but eventually, it was all straightened out. He learned that being gay or bisexual was much more accepted today than it had been sixty-five years ago. Plenty of people were openly gay or bi and yes while there was still a lot of stigma behind it, they hadn't been arrested or detained to a mental facility. Tony, for example, was openly and publicly bisexual and he was freaking
"Whatever," Barton said. "If this game was in ASL, I'd kill." Romanoff made a few gestures with her hands that made Barton's face sour. "Shut up."
"The what?" Tony shook his head. It was hard enough to blurt out the first time. He wasn't going to say it again.
"Because people generally can't go into space." Natasha looked like she was explaining this for the thousandth time. "We haven't really explored it that much. Plus, it's incredibly expensive just to make one plane able to go to space…"
"No, it's still around," Rawls said. "It's not what I normally recommend, but it's a pretty damn good pain reliever for headaches and should have wiped it out. The fact that all it did was dull your symptoms, Mr. Stark, concerns me. How long ago was this?"
Yay! They made up, and just in time, too! I hope you all are enjoying this story! Please don't be shy to leave a comment or a review!
Something about the thought caused Agent Duran's stomach to become twisted in knots. There was a gut feeling there and she knew she needed to suss it out before something terrible happened. The best route, she decided, was to question the woman she met the other day, Nina Alaska. She could tell there was something more to her relationship with Oswin than Miss Alaska was willing to let on. Duran didn't care what they did in their private lives, but if they were close then Nina could probably shed some light on how Oswin and Knežević were connected.
"So what?" Hill said. "Stark's been dead for years. If he had hidden files somewhere, they've probably been lost or destroyed by now."
"Uh, Dante Conroy." Lara felt like the floor had been pulled out from underneath her and she was plummeting all fifty-nine floors straight to the ground. "He wouldn't tell me his relation to you. Is he your brother or something?"
"Alright." For a second, Tony hoped that Steve would reach out to comfort him in some way, but he knew that wasn't going to happen. Tony sighed. As much as he wished that he had been able to come out on his own, Tony had to admit that being in the closet absolutely sucked.
"Tony, you're too sick to go," Steve said. "You might feel okay now, but eventually you're going to get worse and there's no telling when." Tony frowned. Clearly, they were thinking along same lines when it came to that.
"Yeah," she said. "I've only been hitting up jewelry stores and banks for a few months, but I've been stealing ever since I was a little girl. I guess you can say I'm a bit of a kleptomaniac."
"Tony are you seeing this?" It was the first thing he had heard Steve say through the comms and thank goodness for that. Tony had seen the Quinjet go down and he didn't have time to see if they got out alright. Too many baddies had started coming at him at one time. Hearing Steve's voice and getting confirmation that they were okay eased a small bit of the pressure on his already wrecked nerves. He needed that, especially with what they were now facing.
"I figured," he said. "But Lara called and said that you weren't replying to her texts and asked me to check on you." Tony frowned.
"Complete subjugation of Midgard, Terra," he quickly corrected. "After you have conquered it, of course." Thanos nodded in agreement, which made Loki hesitate for a second before revealing the rest of his terms. "However, Asgard is not to be touched." Thanos gave no reaction to this part of the deal. "That is my only offer. Otherwise, you will never get your hands on the Space Stone." Thanos continued to say nothing. His expression remained unreadable. Loki began to fear the worst.
Anyways, thank you for reading so far! If you have any thoughts you'd like to share, please leave them in a comment or a review!
Specifically, she was doing that by lounging on her couch with one arm wrapped around Telemachus, and the other wrapped around a bowl of popcorn. She was watching some kids movie on one of the local TV stations because it was legitimately the only thing she could find to watch. She couldn't afford cable and couldn't figure out how to get Netflix to stream on her TV (part of the problem was that she didn't have a streaming device) so she had to settle for what the local antenna channels had to offer up. On Saturdays, that generally consisted of sports she didn't care about and the same three infomercials on repeat for hours on end. This week, she lucked out and happened to find a movie playing on one of the ABC affiliates. Although it was a kid's movie with very cheap special effects, it was still better than nothing, so she stuck with it.
Steve sat up and offered Tony a hand. At least he was being nice to him. Standing up, he turned to Lara.
Deciding it probably wasn't the best idea to stick around any longer, Oswin ducked under the police tape and started to run. She ran for several blocks, not even paying attention to where she was going. She ran until her legs gave out underneath her, and even then she still tried to keep going, pulling herself forward with her arms until a cacophony of sobs overtook her.
Almost instantly, Oswin was on her phone scouring the dark corners of the internet for Stark's home address.
"Of course." Pepper started making her way to the door. "Bye Steve," she called over her shoulder. If I don't see you again, have a safe trip."
"It's like calisthenics," Tony clarified. "You might have missed a couple of things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle."
was carved into the stone above the main entrance, but a sign hung up in one of the windows proudly declared its new designation:
Tony had gotten about five floors down before he encountered anyone else on the stairs. It was a young couple – a man and a woman – and judging by their demeanor, they seemed to be a little inebriated as well. As Tony passed them, he heard the woman giggle.
"This woman told me there was an explosion at your house! She said you were dead!" Nina began sobbing so hard, Oswin didn't think she could breathe. She moved her hands to Nina's shoulders and spoke in a gentle tone.
Steve did as he was told and pulled all the switches on each side towards the center. He watched as the lights on the plugs went out, then flickered back on, now glowing green. Once he could see that there were no problems with any of the plugs, he slid the panel back into the wall.
"But what?" Tony could feel Steve's hand rubbing up and down his back. He took a moment to remind himself of Steve's promise before taking a deep breath.
"The S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Loki has captured are patrolling everything below the penthouse floor," Tony explained. "Loki's in the penthouse, Selvig's on the roof, and I really hope no one's been hurt yet."
"Steve and I are in a relationship and we'd rather keep it private from the press." Steve relaxed as he heard how even and straightforward Tony's tone was. Maybe that nap had sobered him up a little bit.
"There's a camera pointed at the front doors, right?" The concierge raised an eyebrow at Natasha's question.
"That's what I was hoping for." Steve caught Tony's hand in his and held his knuckles to his lips for a long moment. Releasing Tony's hand, Steve smiled.
"You are most welcome, Lady Natasha." With that, the plane took off without a hitch and had lapsed into silence.
"Don't listen to him. Just take us back to the hotel." Before Tony could voice his objection, Steve hit the button to put up the privacy shade. Tony tried to hit it again to bring it back down, but Steve stopped him and pushed his hands away.
"Tony," Pepper said as she stood up and rounded her desk. The two of them shared a brief hug. "You're alright?" she asked as she pulled back.
"The Los Angeles FBI field office issued a BOLO for Vasyl Knežević," JARVIS explained as the image of an Asian man came up on screen. "Knežević is believed to have been involved in the robbery at Stark Industries the other day and may be linked to a series crimes committed in the past few days."
"I'm going to get in contact with Fury," she said. "Find out an ETA for Stark. The rest of you can figure something out on your own." She then walked out of the suite to make her call. For a moment, everyone just silently stared at the door.
"Well, first off, he unexpectedly announced that he was resigning from his position as head of public relations," she explained. "That didn't stop Pepper from firing his ass, though."
"I was told I attract to much attention," Carol explained. "I just need a way out of the city. Then, I'll fly the rest of the way back."
Adoniram could feel the entire world crashing down around him. This was it. He had to admit defeat. His ideas had failed. Everything he had worked for his entire life had amounted to nothing. He turned to face the river, contemplating throwing himself in it and not bothering to even try to swim when suddenly a bright blue light flashed up in the sky.
"Sure," Steve said, making room for her to walk by. "But couldn't you have done this earlier, or at least waited until morning."
However, several sources tout the effectiveness of interventions but do stress that it should only be used as a last-ditch resort and that it's down to the addict to help themselves.
"To get better," he said. "Isn't that the whole point?" The blank stares that he received in response told him otherwise.
"Um…" The way Steve was rubbing Tony's arm was comforting, but the noise that came out of his mouth was not. Tony tried as best he could to get his sobs under control as he pulled away.
It didn't last, though. For half a second, Steve's eyes drifted away from Tony's and that was all it took for the atmosphere to completely change.
Then, Steve was suddenly clutching his ears. The door helped to muffle the sound (enough to the point that Pepper was looking at him strangely as her gaze went to the door and back to him) but it wasn't dampened enough for his super-human hearing not to be affected by it. It sounded like some sort of high-pitched whine and apparently it was enough to wake up Tony, as the man could be heard through the door pleading for the noise to stop. Pepper rushed forward into the room and Steve followed behind, stopping in the doorway and listening as Tony confessed that he was dying.
"Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother," Thor said. "A throne would suit you ill." Loki growled, shoved Thor as he passed him, and climbed back up to the top of the cliff they were standing on.
With that, she took the plate of sandwiches Bruce had prepared and went to bring it to Clint. Lara, meanwhile, directed her gaze down to the countertop. Bruce had finished making the fried egg sandwich while the conversation had been going on. Gently, he pushed the plate in front of her.
Eventually, though, Laura must have needed to put the phone down, leaving Clint with nothing to do. He let out a bit of a groan as he stretched out on the couch – which the concierge didn't seem to appreciate, either. He sat there silently for a few moments and Natasha counted down the seconds in her head until he inevitably bothered her.
"Why not?" Duran teased. "I mean, you practically had the girl eating out of your hand! I don't know how you do it!"
After the commotion of intubating Barton had died down and the doctors had retreated from the room, things became far to eerily quiet. Tony understood that Barton was intubated and unable to talk. Having been in that position before, Tony knew how much it sucked. He knew he could try to talk to Barton anyway – at least to attempt to entertain and/or distract him from the horrible situation he was in – but Tony found himself in a bit of a compromising position.
She found that she was at the bottom of a pit of ruble and burnt debris. All along the outside of the pit she could see firefighters, police officers, and construction crews along with their respective vehicles and equipment. Carol's jacket and gloves had completely burnt away, and her tank top and jeans were left in tatters. Feeling overwhelmed, Carol laid down on her back, pressing a hand to her forehead.
It took a little bit, especially considering Tony wasn't doing much to help Steve out by walking with his eyes closed, but eventually, they made it to the car. The man Tony identified as Happy (odd name but Steve's heard odder) didn't seem surprised that Tony was struggling to stay upright. He did raise an odd eyebrow at Steve, though.
"Shut it down, Dr. Selvig," Tony ordered. The wind blew the scientist's hair wildly as he turned around.
"Exactly what I just said," he responded. "Any person or group of individuals – from this planet or any other – that pose a substantial and credible risk to the lives and safety of the people of this planet." Everhart looked a bit sour for a split-second – upset that she wasn't going to get anything stronger than that from him – but quickly slipped back on her media-ready mask.
He was having a hard time focusing and getting in the artistic mindset, but once he did, Steve found it easy to lose himself in what he was doing. He was so absorbed that he didn't even notice the waitress coming up to his table.
Steve went to grab Clint by the shoulders, but Clint used his free hand to push Steve away. Steve grabbed the arm that Clint had used to attack and tried to pin it above his head. Clint saw an opening and let go of the door handle. He slammed his fist into the left side of Steve's ribcage. It didn't hurt, but it provided the distraction he needed to get the upper hand on Steve.
"Just give it a little more time," Rhodey implored. "Tony will come out of there just fine and you'll see that there's no reason to fear for him." Slowly, Steve nodded.
"Right," she said. "Well, you better get to it." She then walked out, shutting the door behind her. Tony turned to Steve, gently taking his hand.
"Good," Tony said. "The last thing I need right now is to get shot down by some overzealous cop. By the way, can you link me into one of the New York local stations' live feeds, audio only? Not the best way to get up-to-the-minute information, but it'll give us an idea of what we're walking into."
"Chemical plant, industrial complex, basically any sort of lab that would have access to rare and hazardous chemicals."
Carol grimaced at the thought. She could feel the edges of self-blame dredging up from deep within her subconscious. She kept the tidal wave back by reminding herself of the facts.
"That doesn't mean I should be enabling it," Steve said. "In fact, I think that makes me a pretty terrible boyfriend for enabling it." Tony scooched back to get a proper look at Steve.
. It probably had a total square area of one foot. She had plenty of room, though, but there was no lock on the door. She'd leave and find another room to hide in, but now really wasn't the time to play musical chairs. She slipped another belt around the door's handle and pulled on it tightly. If someone came in, she'd have only her brute strength to rely on to keep her safe, but she figured no matter what, she'd be toast if anyone discovered her location.
"Because it's more than just my stomach." Gently, Steve pushed Tony's fist out of the way to press a hand against his forehead. "I don't feel hot."
"Yeah, I wouldn't count on that," Happy said. "I just flipped channels to NBC and caught the tail end of a commercial for
Happy and Rhodey made their way over to express their congratulations as well, which Tony was grateful for. Once everyone had been assured that things had gone well, Dr. Cranston took the opportunity to cut in.
"You have a strong support system," Rhodes said. "Tony only had me and Happy back then, but now the two of you have us, the other Avengers, Pepper, Conroy – even if she is an asshole who threatens people." Steve could not help but chuckle at that. "You also have something that Tony could only dream of having back then; a loving, supportive partner who understands just what you're going through and will easily jump into the media's line of fire for you any day." A soft, sad smile crossed Steve's lips.
"No offense," Bruce said. "But I don't think you'll be able to understand this without a heavy crash course in nuclear decay and the Laws of Conservation."
"Oh yeah," Tony said as the door slammed shut. "I almost forgot. Happy, this is Steve. Steve, Happy."
"Yeah," Rhodey said. "JARVIS mentioned that, too. Why'd you take pills when you knew you were already intoxicated?" Tony could be an idiot when he was drunk sometimes, but he was not actually stupid enough to mix drugs like that. At least, that is what Rhodey hoped. To his relief, Tony was able to offer up some sort of explanation.
Speaking of reality that was something that Tony needed to snap back to quick. Pushing his justifications for self-neglect aside, Tony got himself dressed and ready for his work day. After he got himself relatively put together, Tony walked back over to the side of the bed and bent over to plant a kiss on Steve's forehead. He did not stir – which Tony was thankful for – and he silently padded out of the room, careful to shut the door softly on his way out.
From out of nowhere, the beast came leaping with arms outstretched. He managed to catch Tony without hurting him before grabbing onto the side of a nearby building and sliding down before landing on his back. Steve and Thor jogged over to them and Thor quickly rolled Tony onto his back. Steve crouched down beside Tony and quickly took notice of the darkened Arc Reactor and the fact that the suit wasn't intaking or expelling air.
"Yes," came the instant reply. His mother covered her mouth and said something she didn't want him to hear.
"The elevator," Natasha said. "Around 12:45 AM." The concierge nodded and clicked through a few more files before bringing up Windows Media Player. He queued up the video to the indicated time and let it play.
"Oh, it's my turn to talk now?" he said. "Sorry, forgot I was in the room." Pepper had that "stop-being-so-uncooperative" look on her face, but the doctor looked more troubled. All he did was talk. If doing that alone was enough to make a doctor worried, then he really must be in a bad place.
"I'm going to make a series of statements," he explained. "All you have to do is say yes or no as to whether or not you believe that statement applies to you. Do you understand?"
hard to put the pieces together if you were around him all the time. Rhodey just felt bad about having to explain what happened because it felt like a further violation of Tony's privacy. Regardless, Happy was Tony's friend, too, and needed to know what was going on. Undoubtedly, Happy was just as infuriated as Rhodey to hear what happened.
Carol Danvers died in 1989," Amanda explained. "She was twenty-nine years old. There's no way you could be her. Even if there was a mistake, you are far too young. So, care to explain?"
"I took a cab," she shrugged. "I'm not supposed to drive or operate machinery until I know how Lotensin affects me. Which is a real shame given I've just gotten my license to operate forklifts, tanks, and small aircraft."
Going back to the waiting area he had occupied before, Tony listened as Steve explained all of what happened over the past few hours and his concerns for Romanoff. Honestly, Tony was left in a little bit of a state of disbelief. The idea of Romanoff losing her cool just seemed impossible. He couldn't even create a clear image of that in his mind. She fought a tantrum-ing Norse God and dealt with aliens invading the streets of New York without barely batting an eye. The idea of her being scared just sounded ludicrous. At least it would be if Steve didn't mention one detail.
"I swear to God, I'm telling the truth!" she screamed. "I didn't tell anyone! I took the samples from Dr. Subarian without him knowing!"
"He's not dead yet, though," Steve pointed out. "And he wouldn't want you to do it." Natasha gave a weak chuckle at the notion.
"That's funny," he said. "I thought we weren't friends." Steve squeezed his eyes shut. Yes, he probably deserved that.
"Glad to hear it." She turned and saw Rogers finishing up whatever he was saying to Clint, giving him a pat on the shoulder. (Surprisingly, Clint didn't flinch, Natasha noticed.) When Steve looked at her, Nat held her arms out to her fellow Super Soldier. "If I'm hugging one of you, I'm going to hug you both."
"Yeah, because at this point it's just beating a dead horse." He could feel the dread starting to boil away in his stomach again. "Besides, I'm just going to have to drudge this all up again tomorrow, so I might as well save it until then."
"Only four people had full access to all the files and research related to Project: Rebirth," Commander Hill explained. "Agent Margret Carter, Dr. Abraham Erskine, Col. Chester Phillips and Howard Stark. Erskine was killed by a Hydra assassin the same day Captain Rogers underwent the serum treatment. Col. Phillips died of natural causes in his home in 1980. Stark was killed alongside his wife in a car accident on Long Island in 1991. The only survivor is Agent Carter, but she is in hospice care for dementia in London. I doubt she'll be of any help."
"Arrested?" Tony questioned. "Why would I be…" Then it hit him in the face like a 2x4. "It was illegal to be gay in the 40's wasn't it?"
"Right away, Sir." The call-in-progress screen then popped up. Tony brought the phone to his ear and waited for the call to connect. As he did so, he walked up to the front entrance and tried to open the door. It remained stiffly in place. At that point, a kid who looked too young to be wearing an LAPD uniform ran up to him.
"Jess is fine," Carol assured. "It only took a week for her to recover before she was as right as rain again and running off to go back under deep cover. I would've left after that, but then I found out my niece had leave this week, so I decided to take the opportunity to spend time with her." Tony nodded understandingly.
It was about ten to fifteen minutes later when she finally got to the living room. Stepping into the room, she knew immediately that she wasn't alone. Someone was sitting slumped over on the couch. Figuring it was Salinas and want to check his progress, she approached him.
"Alright," Lara said. "He's not here. He very easily could be in one of the others' rooms. Let's go check it out."
Shortly after Steve had called for someone to come and arrest Subarian, an agent came, and the doctor was quickly carted off to custody. Once he was out of sight, Steve turned his attention to Natasha. She was still staring at the same spot on the floor. Though she wasn't looking up at Steve, he took notice of the way her eyes twitched rapidly back and forth, as if trying to process something. Steve tried to get her attention by saying her name, but she ignored him completely and took off down the hall. Steve didn't even try to follow her out. He didn't see her again until he got into the car, this time knowing better than to try to talk to her.
"Unfortunately," she said. "I have people going through our backlog of security video right now. We've found a few instances of cameras near different entrances and exits suddenly going offline, but nothing that directly implicates one person other than this."
"How so?" Bruce gave Lara a surprised look. Lara raised her eyebrows as if daring him to challenge her.
Speaking of which, I do invite you all to go back and read what I wrote before. I'm getting close to the end here and I just want to make sure there aren't any stupid loose ends that I'm forgetting to tie up. I try to catch them all, but I'm not perfect. I know I probably wrote something in chapter two or five or something that I meant to follow up on later and just forgot about. If you think you've spotted one of those things let me know and I'll try to catch it!
"A few things," Bruce said. "Although, she's not an expert in any science, she does seem interested whenever I talk about it. Like really interested. She asks follow-up questions and doesn't dismiss everything I say as non-sense. So, I feel like I can talk to her about that, and some other things. I get the sense that she didn't have the greatest childhood growing up either…"
"Good morning, Mr. Stark," she said without preamble. "I hope I haven't run late." Tony looked at her like she had three heads.
Silence filled the room. Stark seemed to be struggling to process the information. His expression was completely blank. Natasha was starting to worry that something might be seriously wrong when he finally spoke up.
