They were sitting in a small corner restaurant somewhere in Soho. The place was no more than a hole in the wall, plastic chairs stacked tight around the small round tables. From the ceiling hung Chinese paper lanterns in red and yellow, slightly spotted with dust. The clientele was mostly Asian in origin except for the stray tourist finding their way there on occasion. The food however, was top notch and true to its Chinese roots.
Two nights ago Sherlock had shown him the photo and the content of a brown paper package. Inside it was Peter Middleton, in a sense at least. Someone had taken the time and energy to collect all the information they could on the man. So inside the package he was; there where pictures from when he was a child, from his graduation and marriage. Lists of former friends and people he had worked with. The address to where his wife now lived with their daughter, whom he was not allowed to see anymore. There was even John’s name, medical colleague it said next to a photo of himself, stuck to the note with a paperclip.
“What do you mean?” John said feeling miserable.
John muttered something well chosen only he could hear and turned his attention back to the stiff. He picked up the other arm studying the fingernails; trying to make himself useful. Doing something also let him ignore the rest of the police force around him. Although the officers in Lestrade’s team was used to both him and Sherlock by now he still got the feeling at times that they were not welcome. Or perhaps it was mostly Sherlock who wasn’t welcome; there was something in his aura telling everyone else that they were inferior beings. Most people found that very discomforting. John didn’t think he did it on purpose; he simply didn’t care enough to hide it.
“It did, it was found on our floater, in fact it was the only thing they found on him.”
“And here I was thinking we were out dancing,” John said and took the opportunity to rid himself of the horrible beverage. When he turned back Sherlock was looking at him quizzically.
It was of no use, of course, and he probably knew it, although he would never admit it. It had been like this for weeks. The sitting room with all its exotic and strange items had never seemed so small.  It was as if the entire room was filled with Sherlock’s presence which was slowly but surely taking over Watson’s every conscious and unconscious thought. John was a man drowning; the very air he breathed was poison.
Sherlock closed his eyes and tilted his head up towards the sky as he let images of John flood him; he recapped, re-winded, examined, and filed away each and every one.
John’s brain, which normally functioned quite satisfactory, short circuited, it simply took this opportunity to be elsewhere. John’s body on the other hand did what it normally did when someone kissed him, it kissed back. His lips parted slightly as Sherlock pressed towards them, his tongue licked John’s lips sending shivers to the rest of his body and his mouth opened on its own accord all the way and he leaned into the kiss. Lips meeting his lips, tongue meeting his tongue.
“Isn’t cases like this what you live for?” he tried.
It was all gingerly and careful, John had to constantly remind himself that Sherlock had six broken ribs and was not at all as ok as he claimed. So he let Sherlock push him down on the carpet and lie cautiously down atop of him, knees pushing John’s legs apart. Sherlock’s eyes were burning black pools and John suddenly had trouble breathing.
Sherlock seemed to regain some of his normal carefree air; he threw himself down in a chair and spoke up again.
“Ex army man with post traumatic stress disorder,” She replied. Sherlock in general didn’t believe in taking the law in your own hands, he brought them to justice and justice did what it did best, but in that moment he would gladly have strangled her himself.
Sherlock had shown him the name and photos of the ones who had been killed; they had all worked closely with Peter in one way or another, all linked to this strange organization.
“Take it easy, I am unarmed,” Sherlock said instead, not looking at John. He raised his hands over his shoulders and walked into the next room, around the corner and John stayed put hand moving towards his gun.
“Let me help you get out of this coat Sherlock,” John said, pulling at the wet garment.
“You see, the label, the silly Christmas one. The body, it was supposed to be found on Christmas, when the bridge was closed and the workers arrived. Now it was dislodged from wherever it was hidden, it was a mistake that we found it earlier. We found the first body and that hurried the killer, he had to put his plan into action before he had everything he needed, which was why the other killings looked too rushed.”
“Team Conan come in.”
“I could kill for a cup of tea,” John said, voice still a bit rough at the edges and Sherlock leaped at the opportunity to be of use. He made a pot, after he managed to find the tea bags and some milk. John put everything in the strangest places. It would make sense to just keep bags, cups, pot and milk in one place, that way it would be more efficient. Now he had to go through all the cabinets to assemble the ingredients.
“John...”
John saw the blood, as black as the insides of eyelids pooling out and seeping into the hard ground, darkening the sand, making it shine like obsidian.
It was too much. Being in the army, there you were someone among many, always in danger just because you were a part of something. Maybe you had no control over what was happening but you tried to survive and do your best and hoped others knew what they were doing. Here someone was after him personally and Sherlock was warm and beautiful and unaware of what the contact was doing to him. It was basic military tactics; don’t fight a war on two fronts at the same time.
“Won’t you please sit down,” She pointed towards a visitor’s chair in front of the desk. It was a good three inches lower than hers. Hardly a coincidence Sherlock thought as he took in the scene, a woman in need of confirming her position.
A dark car came to a stop in front of him, a toned window rolled down and Sherlock nodded towards the driver. The back door opened and he got in, closing it behind him. As the car smoothly drove away, out from the curb and joined the morning traffic he looked out the window as streets floated by. It all seemed terribly dull. An image of John came unbidden to him, superimposed over his retinas, John lying on the sofa, lips wet and kissed and Sherlock’s breath caught and a pang of longing surged in his stomach.
It was evening when John woke again, this time in his own bed. The sharp pain in his head was gone, left was just a dull background ache which was easier to ignore. He didn’t rise straight away instead he focused on his body, stretching and flexing his right arm, trying all the joints. Moving to the hand he spread all the fingers and bent them one by one, rolled the knuckles back and forth. He continued with his other arm and then his legs. He kept his mind on his limbs, feeling the stiffness in his leg as he stretched it.
John had not been back to 221b Baker Street since he moved out; he had not been able to. The thought of the house still standing there, someone else living in those rooms, it was just too much for him.
-oOo-
“Move.”
“You are so stupid Sherlock, why are you so stupid.”
John coughed and tried again, “Water,” he whispered so low Sherlock almost couldn’t make it out. One of the police officers offered a small bottle and John drowned it all, his hand shaking as he did so making some of the water run in shiny streams down his chin.
“Nothing fatal I hope,” the woman named Sara said and eyed Sherlock’s bruises, “I see why you keep a doctor at hand.”
“Well of course, who did you think?” John didn’t even bother trying to tell him it was a rhetorical question.
His throat clenched, from more than the frantic running, but John ignored it skilfully; he has had lots of practise. He snapped back and focused on the now instead, on finding Sherlock and banished the doubts to the back of his mind, whatever was happening, Sherlock would figure it out.
“No, no lemme, I’m just gonna,” John patted his pockets trying to find a lose note, anything.
“So how is Sherlock doing in all this?” Lestrade said as he finished the last pieces of his Shepherd’s pie.
John willed himself into becoming part of the wall, disappearing into the bricks and the fear from earlier, forgotten in the rush, came crushing back. His breathing seemed thunderous enough to overpower a jet engine. He closed his eyes again and tried a calming technique his therapist had shown him. Slowly breathe in and slowly out again through your nose, focus on your breathing. Slowly in and then out.
“They kidnapped John to get access to our apartment and fill it with surveillance equipment,” Sherlock paused as Lestrade broke in, “It is all being removed as we speak.” John shook his head ruefully, the Inspector always thought about everything.
On the other side of the street was a pharmacy and an off-licence, the irony in placing those two next to each other amused Sherlock and he wished John had been there so he could point out another fallacy of the human race to him.
“Yeah,” John said hoarsely trying to drag his mind away from a place he did not want to go.
Sherlock is still there when John wakes up an hour later, snuggled in close behind him sleeping silently, pale chest rising and pressing against John’s back. John feels tired and soft, skin sensitive like it is glowing. Sherlock’s arm is draped over his chest and John lets his own hand close over his, treading their fingers together. Sherlock stirs and mumbles something which sounds very much like ‘John’, breath hot on his neck but does not wake fully. An elated, warm felling fills John and he smiles wide and thinks that maybe he will get to keep his present.
As he stopped just inside the doors a, “Team Doyle is in the nest, repeating team Doyle is in the nest,” behind him confirmed that he had been correct.
The woman had recommended discharge with immediate effect as he returned to England without any results to show for his time in Afghanistan. Sherlock told him all this as he pointed at documents and pictures spread out on the table in front of them. Normally he never bothered to explain everything but this time he seemed to want John to understand it all.
Here Mycroft sat down and the word was back to Lestrade, who with the help of Sherlock, moved on to the bodies. The brothers may look very different John thought but right now you could see that they were related. They both enjoyed this complicated dance of the mind, the breaking down of information and reassembling it again into coherent shapes.
“Anderson told me you where here,” said Lestrade addressing Sherlock who was standing in the laboratory, coat thrown over a chair and shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows. He had a harried expression on his face.
Sherlock was looking at him strangely. He had been quiet for too long.
The knife killer had been promptly dealt with after Sherlock had deducted just where he would go next from something the rest of them had been unable to understand.
In his own way Sherlock was grateful to John, he felt that he owed him and not only for saving his life over and over. In his experience people didn’t do good things for you without wanting something back. John had shown him a glimpse of something else. This was the thing at risk, Sherlock thought; he dared not risk this, not for anything. He broke people, he would not break John. He shook himself, quickly stepping backwards and closing the door, blocking his view of the sleeping man.
“But we found no drugs in the system of the other victim,” Lestrade replied.
The men and women in black was turning the limp Peter over, securing his hands on his back with quick, efficient moves and pulling a black bag over his head. As they moved John caught glimpses of well polished weapons beneath their jackets. He looked at the black bag and suddenly his head started to ache again, he remembered how it felt to have a bag like that over your head. How the coarse fabric chaffed at you and made it difficult to breath.
Sherlock was up the stairs in seconds, scanning the room at the top, it was full of debris from the renovations and sun beams from the ceiling window broke in the dust particles floating in the air. The officers spread out all around him like a fan in every possible direction. Uniform clad shadows walking slightly hunched, the guns in their hands giving them an otherworldly appearance, such a rarity for an English police officer. Tessa stayed dutifully at his side as he himself took his spoke in the half-wheel shaped search pattern.
A sudden noise in the ally they had come from forced his eyes open as a new dosage of adrenalin was pumped into his system. Sherlock flattened himself against John, making them both as small as possible; his head was turned so that he could see in the small crack between the dumpster and the wall.
“No, apparently not,” was Sherlock’s reply. He looked at him, an unreadable look in his eyes. John tried to push further into the wall to increase the distance between them, when had Sherlock backed him into the wall anyway? He froze when he suddenly felt a hand gently at the front of his trousers, his mouth fell open in shock and he stared blankly in front of him as Sherlock’s hand slowly stared to caress his already afflicted state.
It was late afternoon. John was enjoying a steaming cup of tea and wondering where Sherlock had disappeared to. Since their almost fight yesterday they hadn’t really talked. In the evening John had gone straight to bed, tossing and turning the entire night and when he finally managed to fall asleep had woken sweaty from a dream about walking up and down a never-ending staircase.
“With this intuition we will make a consulting detective out of you in no time.”
Outside the sun was shining in what felt like the first time in weeks, bright rays from a clear blue winter sky.
“Aren’t you,” John starts voice unsteady, he coughs and then continues, “The package, aren’t you going to open it?”
He unfolded it and read: “Merry Christmas John Watson. From Father Christmas.” The note had a little bell and a holly leaf printed on it and the ‘Merry Christmas’ part and ‘From’ was pre-printed, on the empty, dotted lines someone had written his name and Father Christmas with a green pencil.
This was ridiculous. John felt ridiculous.
“You do have a way of making me feel better at least,” John said laugh subsiding.
“Your friend can come out too. I am not stupid,” A new, yet familiar, voice said.
“6 days, take the tide at that point, it was a new moon moving at... The distance is 3,1415 miles and the river flows at a speed of... Christmas is on the 25...” his fingers flew over the screen, Lestrade just leaned back and waited.
The two men were sharing lunch; Lestrade, who looked perhaps even more tired than the other day had shown up at the clinic, wearing civilian clothes, asking John to eat with him. John, pleased that he had an excuse to throw away his canteen with leftovers, gladly agreed.
“What do you know of justice, what do you know of revenge? You had them send me home, when it was your fault,” The red turned purple and John suddenly feared for his life but he could not stop himself.
Sherlock approached the door and turned the handle carefully, it was open. He slid inside and closed the door behind him; it glided shut almost soundlessly on well oiled hinges.
“Thick, you are thick as, as something very thick...” the rest of John’s rambling was drowned out as he passed out into oblivion, snoring lightly.
Without warning he ran downstairs, the startled officers doing their best to keep up, their boots stomping behind him. He took a sharp left and followed a corridor until it ended in a t-intersection where he turned left again. And there at the end of the hall was a door which looked remarkably new, a sheet of plastic still covering the laminated wood.
He wakes sweaty and hard from a dream he cannot remember. His mind slowly drags itself out of unconsciousness although it’s unfocused and everything around him is hazy and ephemeral. For a while he is sure, in an in-between dream and reality way, that he is walking, legs twitching under the cover. As his mind starts to clear he realises that he is home, in his own bed, hopelessly tangled in the sheets and that it is in fact Christmas today.
“A joke Sherlock, it was a joke.”  Sherlock just did that tiny shake with his head, flinging the dark curls back.
He pulled his hand away and swore out loud, massaging his fingers. He looked around with shame at his sudden outburst and the elaborated avoidance he saw among his fellow commuters as they did their best not to see him darkened his mood further. A young mother accidentally met his eyes as he glowered; she palled and turned around so that she was standing between him and her young son.
What he was about to say was interrupted as the back door flung open, slamming against the wall and letting in a gust of chilly December air mixed with rain and a veritable army of black clad people filling the narrow room to its breaking point. They walked over and around the pair, still half sitting on the floor, skilfully ignoring them.
He opened his eyes as he had his breathing under control, muscles relaxing slightly. He then became acutely aware of Sherlock’s body pressed up against his. He was looking at the side of the pale curve of Sherlock’s neck, whose hands were up on the brick wall on each side of John’s head. Sherlock’s body pushed flush against his, not an inch of air between them. He could feel his friend’s heart beat against his, chest pressing against his every time any of them breathed in. His head started to spin as the warmth from Sherlock’s body slowly seeped through his clothing.
“Good reflex back there, I was afraid you would struggle. Giving yourself away. Seems I underestimated you,” Sherlock gave him a nod that John dimly thought was meant to show approval.
“You can see me so you know I am here,” Sherlock didn’t even look over at Lestrade standing in the doorway but instead fixed his eyes on the mess he had made of the back wall. With a blue whiteboard pen he had scribbled all over the crisp, white paint. Arrows, notes, numbers, and names, everything he could think of connected to the case was there in a jumbled mess more resembling a child’s drawing of a whirlwind than anything a sane man could have produced.
“Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson,” She nodded curtly at them and thereafter she looked everywhere else but at them, restless eyes scanning for threats.
“We had no intention of hurting him; if he had just listened and kept calm we wouldn’t have had to,” She had the gall to sound irritated at that.
“Thank you,” He replied, voice hoarse but gaining.
He focused on these feelings because they told him he was alive. It was one of those habits he had picked up in the war; if you could feel pain you knew you were still alive. There are few things a soldier fear more than that moment before death when the central nerve system shuts down from overload and the pain goes away; that is when you know you are going to die.
John stopped the sharp retort that instinctively formed on the tip of his tongue; there was something fragile in Sherlock’s voice. Instead he walked over and picked the towel from Sherlock’s cold fingers and towelled his hair until it stopped dripping.
“We want you to track him down. That information was just a teaser if you will. If you agree we will give you the rest,” Sara opened her briefcase again and brought out the paper clad package that Sherlock had seen the same woman give the man in Hyde Park some days past.
again and again, over his head, exiting the crime scene. John in turn got up to his feet, ignoring a slight twinge in his leg, shed his plastic gloves and threw them in the make shift hazard bag, shrugged at Lestrade and followed suit.
Once up he found himself on another of the six dance floors, this one with a darker clad audience, he could still feel the music in his body from the big dance floor downstairs but now it was fighting for his attention with something industrial and electronic.
“Don’t be please.”
Lestrade motioned them to come inside the van and as John entered he smiled at him, “Glad to see your OK Doctor, would have hated to have you lying in our morgue.”
“Just try to keep focused; Lestrade needs you for the case Sherlock. What good would you do, out with a cold?”
“Yes well I needed the information and he had it.” John was touched; he had done that for him?
“Good, you are here,” Sherlock swept in the room, like a tornado, filling the room with that intense energy that followed him around. He discarded his coat on the floor and threw himself down on the coach.
“No of course not,” Sherlock says calmly, like he hadn’t just now been kissing as if the world was ending.
When it all came down to it John’s life had not stopped. The world had not stopped. Somehow that was the worst of it; it felt like a betrayal deep down in his guts. An awkward stiffness in his soul that would not let him be. He just kept on living, working, eating, making tea; one day after another.
“Come on John, I think we are done here,” Sherlock didn’t wait for an answer but just pulled his gloves on and started to walk away, crouching to lift the stripped plastic band, marked
“I remember him, he was discharged,” John wasn’t sure it was actually him that was talking; it seemed to him that right now two worlds existed at the same time and him somewhere in between.
Sherlock let go of the umbrella, which once discarded rolled onto the floor where it lay abandoned, and just turned the towel over in his hands, “Am I not normal then?”
“I didn’t take you as the dancing type?”
Sherlock kept a steady grip on the gun he had badgered Lestrade into “loaning” him. It was heavier than it looked and the steel felt ice cold in his grip. Behind him three police officers were standing in line and like him waiting for a signal which would tell them it was time to charge the apartment building in front of them.
John sighed, shaking his head, “No sorry, I won’t hide, I just won’t.”
Sherlock carefully lifted his coat of the hat rack so as not to disturb John and exited the flat. He avoided the police stationed in the hallway and made his way outside. He had to get away, this place that used to be his haven; his calm place now seemed full of tension and unrest which he himself had created. It was time for some desperate action on his part.
Sherlock threw a glance at John and it seemed he was trying to say: don’t worry, I have this under control.
“That’s it, that is finally it,” Sherlock put his phone down, and made for the door. Lestrade took hold of his arm as he tried to run past, “Would you mind actually telling the police before you run of with the ground breaking evidence which will let us all save our favourite doctor?”
Since then it had been quiet on 221b Baker Street, too quiet perhaps.
Sherlock just nodded in acquiescent as John went into the kitchen. John was not at all aware of the slight sucking noise produced as Sherlock made good of his request and shrugged his shirt off.
“No. And there was more than one as well. At least three, the two that grabbed me and someone driving the car,” John looked at Sherlock, still standing too close but none of them made any attempt at moving, he was staring absently into the wall. Now that he knew that John was safe it felt like he could think again and his mind was rushing.
Now here it was, in full bloom, for two years it had been allowed to fester and grow. Calm, John told himself, even rabid dogs can smell fear.
At that second John thought he would love Lestrade until the day he died; he assumed the sturdy D.I. was the reason behind this. The vest did not mean life; at this close range it could not stop a shotgun blast completely. But the vest meant that there was a chance.
He took a deep breath; he had known he needed to tell this story eventually; he just whished that it would be a million years into the distant future when the sun had turned into a brilliant giant on the brink of consuming the earth.
Sherlock moved, flowed into action, and he followed.
“You never answered my question John,” When Sherlock broke the silence it was with his normal tone, indifferent, blasé. He was leaning back, damp curls pointing in all directions, pale chest still naked and John found it hard to look away let alone remember what he was supposed to be answering.
“Please,” He said and gestured at the door, urging her to leave, “I am so sorry. The reception will book you a new appointment.”
John trailed behind Sherlock up a littered corridor illuminated only from small regularly placed skylights. It was dead quiet; the only sound came from their footsteps as the rubble underneath crumbled slightly as they walked.
The text stated with little black digital letters on the screen of his phone. John looked at them intently, as if they would start a tango if he just glared hard enough. The case, his case? John thought, because surely this was his case, everything centred around him. The last couple of days he had just been walking around waiting for the consulting detective to tell him what he had learnt, but Sherlock had been secretive so far.
“It is not ok John, I failed. It will not happen again,” That had been too much he thought as John looked at him strangely. He needed to keep calm, for them both.
“It was not us, it was never us after all, I mean media love to portray us as the heroes. But I never felt like a hero. We were just doing what we were told. I walked behind, patching people up. Children and adults alike, men and women, anyone hurt. All so they could go out and get shoot at again. Like a bad story stuck in a loop.”
“Miss Evans is going to need that test and I hope Mr Smith’s leg has healed up properly, he is due in tomorrow.” He muttered as he walked; a relatively new habit. He found that it kept his mind occupied. As long as he kept busy with work then no unwanted thoughts could come crawling in.
He looked around, eyes searching, and he found a rusted knife sticking out from the middle of a pile of newspapers. He pulled it out and cut away the straps of the vest, butchering it completely. He worked swiftly, he was an army doctor and this was what he did best.
Off course this was what Sherlock had meant, the case. Why had he believed there had been something else in his voice when the consulting detective had spoken, he stomped a couple of times on a strange feeling that had flared for an instant in his stomach.
The memories of a similar situation weeks ago, of Sherlock’s body pressed against his, mouth meeting his came back, flooding his mind in vivid flashes.
He ran behind Sherlock up to the door at the back of the building. Was this really where it was going to end, in this idyllic residential area? Sherlock deftly picked the lock, the barrel quietly slid into its correct position and the door opened.
The landlord, who must have finally realised that he was too drunk for his own good, came over.
“Good, you follow behind him and I will move around and cut him off from the other side. Do not let him notice you. We need to catch him with the substance on him; otherwise Lestrade won’t be able to make an arrest. And don’t engage him, he is dangerous.” Before John had time to argue Sherlock was lost in the crowd, his slim figure hidden by a moving wall of flesh.
He focused on his latest blog post but the words just wouldn’t come. Instead he caught his eyes constantly drifting away from the flickering screen as his concentration faded in and out.
At the third turn he had John’s route figured out. There had been no sign of struggle in the flat, John’s jacket was gone. This meant he had exited the flat on his own accord. He would have been on the way to the clinic. How? How did John get to the clinic? Bloody hell, this was why you should bother with the trivial details.
He shakes his head and is momentarily angered by the Holmes family and the games they always play, how had Mycroft known Sherlock would give him the package and not set it on fire if that was indeed his normal procedure. He turns the note over and realizes it has writing on the back as well,
“You what?”
Sherlock started by telling the same story about Peter Middleton as he had told John a few days ago. After that Mycroft entered the scene and in his stiff, emotionless way told the assembly about the
“Sir, over here,” Came a shout to the left and Sherlock practically toppled Tessa out of the way in his haste. He rounded a wooden crate and behind it another officer was removing a black hood from someone’s face. John’s face Sherlock corrected himself. At the sight of his friend Sherlock felt like he could breathe for the first time in days. Like a metal tourniquet had been fit over his chest and was now finally removed.
When Sherlock finally finished his sentence it was not what John had expected but then he finally understood why Sherlock hesitated, why he could not be the one to take the final step.
“Oh Sherlock, please, please do the impossible and come back from the dead.”
“You can’t, you can’t just give away, eh, sex and assume I...” and he falters because he kind of suspects that maybe he has not been as underhanded about this whole pining business as he had thought.
“I,” He stopped then forced himself to continue, “I have no idea why he would be after me.” The lie felt strange, it tasted bitter in his mouth, but there was no other action that felt right at this point. Just as it had been then.
He didn’t really want to talk about Sherlock right now, but on the other hand he knew it was unavoidable. By some unspoken agreement Sherlock was always at the top of the agenda when they met, perhaps simply by being the thing they had in common; their friendship with that mysterious creature.
John carefully put the phone back in his pocket, his hands were shaking slightly he noticed with a sort of faraway logic which also told him that he was afraid. This was not good, not good at all.
John was lying on his bed, mumbling drunkenly and Sherlock didn’t know how to answer that. After all he was considered one of the most intelligent persons in London, if not in the entire United Kingdom.
Sherlock told them about the bodies, the first tangled in an old dry sluice of the London Bridge, meant to be released a few days before Christmas, arriving as a gift on the day the country celebrated. The one thereafter left in a gym toilet, silver pennies scattered to herald a traitor, in the same manner as the last one. He only mentioned John briefly, saying that they had worked together just as Peter’s troubles escalated for real. Just like that, without even lying, Sherlock had hinted to all present that it was just a coincidence that Peter had settled on John; just wrong place at the wrong time.
Sherlock had his arm around John’s waist, and his other hand holding John’s arm wrapped around his shoulders, trying to half carry half drag his friend up the stairs. After traversing the staircase and subsequently managing to get John to shed at least his shoes and jacket he dropped him on the bed.
John curses out loud in his bedchamber, was there anything which passed the brothers by? He continues;
“There is always a connection,” Sherlock replied, “Always.”
“...cannot lose you.”
on the telly with a nice cup of tea. A nice relaxing, safe night in and if you get bored we can juggle some explosives.”
“Who said both did not want,” Sherlock replies and John doesn’t have any time to compose any form of intelligent reply before Sherlock is pulling him flush, bodies pressed tight and John squirms mortified that Sherlock will feel his eagerness through his trousers.
“We were out on patrol, just a normal round; looking at one of these road building projects. One of those things that seemed to work fine without us. The Afghani built roads; found something that the community needed and they made it happen. Women carried rocks side by side with men. It was like one of those dream projects you tell your superiors about, and they tell the media for publicity.”
If she noticed at least she didn’t say or let anything show on her face.
John closed the door behind him and put his bag of groceries on the kitchen table: milk, tea, noodles, bread, and a jar of marmite, that oh so English condiment. Not for himself, he absolutely abhorred marmite with all the zealousness and passion he could muster but Sherlock for some reason loved it.
“What happened?”
“Yes, clearly,” Sherlock nodded, dark curls falling into his eyes and brushed aside again, “Silver for a traitor, like the bag of silver Judas Iscariot got for betraying Jesus,” Sherlock pulled one of the pennies free with tiny tweezers, a layer of coagulated blood still stuck to it.
“Who is this,” John said, finally having found his voice.
“What do you mean I am not?” John tried his best to sound offended.
It would have been easier if D.I. Lestrade’s voice hadn’t been so laced with concern John thought. Somewhere along the line they had become friends and now John suspected it was the friend and not the officer of the law who was talking.
John left the gun where it was and raised his own hands walking out behind Sherlock.
John was eating. Sherlock was not. He had waived aside John’s question about food, as per usual when his mind was occupied with a case. He had been silent all the way here, ignoring John’s questions and attempts at small talk, walking without paying attention to the weekend crowd milling about around them.
He often tried to leave. He made plans to go running or see a film or just walk aimlessly around London, but every time he had made up his mind his body refused to move, his limbs grew weak and his back became glued to his chair and he found countless reasons for why this was a bad time to do this or that. This sitting room was his world and denial his air. He would die if he left and perish if he stayed.
“I need you to tell me if you saw anything suspicious at around 8.15 this morning,” replied Sherlock.
The kiss is absolutely everything John could have ever wanted and then some, it is deep and filthy and toe curlingly good and he goes with it for a while, satisfied to just kiss. He kisses Sherlock with everything he has, tongue reaching in deep exploring the other’s mouth in full, sliding over teeth and deeper.
“You have to understand this won’t happen again John. Last night will not be repeated.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and says, “Why not?”
“Life is short Sherlock, and dangerous. I can’t swear to anything but I can promise you this: I will not leave you if I can help it.” John got up from his chair as he talked, feeling like he had finally come to a decision and that he was saying these things as much to himself as to Sherlock.
Down the wet street pedestrians ambled by, black umbrellas criss-crossing as people walked to and from places in that eternal, anonymous mess that was London. John ran a hand across his head, fingers snagging in the blond, damp mess; and he made some sort of decision.
Sherlock shook his head: “I am sorry John, there is simply no time for that sort of thing right now. We are close to a solution and I need your help to figure this out. In the morning the vase leaves for Santiago and then it will be too late.”
Rounding a corner Sherlock saw the woman standing still, looking out over a pond and seemingly finding the random pattern the slate was creating on the surface worth studying. He stopped behind a huge evergreen, whose name was just one of those things he had never been bothered to learn in school. Collar upturned, hands in pockets he stood still ignoring the downpour, now it was just a matter of time.
John choked on whatever answer he had prepared, something locking in his throat. He had been prepared for an argument about the necessity of caring about people, not the worry in Sherlock’s voice. He didn’t answer but instead looked down and tried to skewer his already dead duck.
In the end he was satisfied, his body was unhurt and in one piece. All limbs accounted for and operational. He stopped there, no need to go further, his mind would recover in time but right now he did not want to dwell on it. After all, not thinking about stuff was one of the things his therapist had said he was exceptionally good at. So why not stick to the things you excel at?
John just stared at her feeling very, very stupid, “You have?”
“I don’t think we have been properly introduced?” He replied as he leaned back in the chair.
They drank their tea in silence, John even picked up a paper which he tried to read, something about a record breaking Christmas tree being put up.
John looked at him in confusion, “Sherlock?” He asked stretching a hand out towards him, and Sherlock fled.
“Sherlock this time you have gone too far,” Lestrade started, “The threats and now this, it seems clear that they are connected.”
“I, I got it from Mycroft, a Christmas present,” he says truthfully as he wonders quietly how Sherlock will take that little piece of information. Will he realize this is what had been in the package?
Eventually she walked away from crowded streets of central London and stroke up on a path into Hyde Park; here Sherlock had to be more careful. The rain had changed into slate, mixed by feet into a grey slush on the ground and the park was almost empty with the exception of a red-faced man walking with those ludicrous sticks and a couple jogging. Sherlock slowed down; letting the woman get a head start before he himself entered the open grass lawns of the park.
A couple of minutes, hours, years pass while they kiss, Sherlock’s hands tightly clasping his upper arms, fingers leaving burning stripes all the way down to the bone, but none of them touching otherwise except their lips. Eventually John has to break away, head spinning and he is panting for air.
-oOo-
“We are moving up, Arthur says to move down, over and out.”
John opened his mouth to respond but as they exited the building a loud swooping noise sloshed over him and the scene before him stunned him silent.
Sherlock walked up to the chair, flipped his coat tails back and sat down. The perfect, calm English gentleman on the outside.
“I don’t think it was our killer who took you.”
He looked over at Sherlock who was smiling his wicked boy grin at him, eyes full of mischief, and all he could do was laugh, relief and amazement almost imploding his chest.
“Do you have a Christmas present for me?” Sherlock asks and it is nonchalant, sudden and perhaps meant to be accusatory. However there is something in his tone which does not sit right with John.
They were standing in a small living room, wooden floor and sparse furniture. In front of them Peter stood, looking twenty years older at least from when John had seen him last, he held a hunter’s shotgun aimed at Sherlock’s chest. John’s mind quickly and unbidden repeated everything he knew about how a person looks after having been shot at such close range. Peter’s hand was firm but his grey, watery eyes flickered everywhere.
“He is here.”
She ignored his comment, “Let us get down to business then Mr Holmes shall we, you are a busy man I understand.” She paused as if to give him room to speak, Sherlock stayed quiet.
“I thought I was the doctor here Sherlock, I think I would know if I had a fever.” He tried to sound casual and straightened his back to appear more confident, when he became acutely aware of his friend’s hand tightly circling his upper arm. The heat through the fabric of his shirt suddenly seemed more intense than before. Involuntarily his breath quickened.
The car’s tires screamed and the scent of burning rubber filled his nostrils, Sherlock ran, feet pounding madly and he almost managed to lay a hand on the car before it was gone down the street and disappeared around a corner; its dark toned windows never revealing its passengers.
Changed? John stayed quiet; normally Lestrade was closemouthed to talk about Sherlock from before John’s time.
“John, why won’t you tell me what’s been on your mind recently,” Sherlock was looking at him now from his reclining position; there was something in his voice John thought, something he should recognise. John on the other hand felt paralyzed, like a small rodent caught in the flare of the headlights from a car closing in fast. When he didn’t answer straight away Sherlock gave him a measured look and continued.
The old man took in the edge in Sherlock’s voice and seemed to decide that cooperating with the police was in his own best interest. He reached for his notebook and turned it back one page.
John swallowed. “But I don’t want to, you can’t,” he never finished as his treacherous body was obviously reacting gladly to the slow, intense rub.
“Yeah well we all get a bit irrational from lack of sleep,” Lestrade tried to rub away the blue spot that was now marring his white shirt where the pen had hit. “Take me, I have to leave for work an hour earlier than normal now that London Bridge is closed for renovations, can you believe they will have it closed until Christmas. I mean the bridge was built 1750 you would think it can hold up a bit longer.”
“So this is what you wanted me to talk about?”
“Because we found this on him,” Lestrade looked almost apologetic as he handed something over to Sherlock, hidden from where John was crouching over the corpse, further down the river bank.
The man looked around nervously, pushing the binoculars to the side, “Well if it is that Mrs Evans over at number 11 who has phoned you again you can tell her that...” He stopped when Sherlock closed the few steps between them, leaning both hands on the table, knuckles white, towering over him and saying each word heavy with emphasis, “I do not care about you or any woman, I am looking for a man, dark blond hair, medium height walking to the bus stop at 8.15 this morning.”
“I don’t have time for this, the killer is a medical man of some sort, possibly an army doctor, now retired from service, and he might have gone to school with John or served with him. He lives in the delusion that John and several others let him down, so search old service records of any reported conflicts and most important contact the patrol you have outside our place. Tell them not to take their eyes of John.” Lestrade uttered some well chosen oats as Sherlock escaped his hold and promptly ran away.
“Thank you,” Watson said as the waiter brought him a plate of steaming Peking duck. He pushed the chop sticks aside and went for the knife and fork as he put the white, folded napkin on his knee.
Sherlock moved his hips against John’s, bucking into the man under him. John’s eyes opened and he moved back, grinding his hips back as they both frantically touched. John’s eyes were glassed over and Sherlock could see himself in the shiny surface, the pupils dilated. Sherlock froze, John was pumped full of pain killers, which ones? He didn’t know, hadn’t paid attention to the nurses handing the white pills over.
He was not prepared. Peter chuckled, but it was not a hearty chuckle but rather something a madman would emit as he was burning ants with his magnifying glass. He raised the shotgun again, never taking his eyes of John and he slammed the butt into Sherlock’s stomach who reeled and grunted and at no point did Peter let go of John’s eyes.  He only moved his feet slightly to avoid the blood Sherlock coughed up.
He felt better. No, not better, never better. But there was something occupying the emptiness now, a sense that he would be able to make it another day. And after that there was always another day, and another. For Sherlock’s sake he would keep on like he had so far.
John could only grin back, huge, from ear to ear. He couldn’t have stopped for the life of him. He stroked away the hair hanging down into Sherlock’s eyes, tracing a line down his cheek.
“John?” Sherlock asked and John was suddenly transported forward in time, from unbearable heat, from a place where dust ate into everything to a rainy December London.
He turned around, he had to go find Sherlock, see that he was ok. He froze in his step. A wail he didn’t know he was the origin of escaped his lips.
They had been on the case for the last couple of days already, being led in circles, John had gotten too little sleep and Sherlock had been his best hyper active self, eyes gleaming and hands drawing huge circles in the air. Tonight he had assured John, the net was closing in and they were on the man’s trail. John hoped deeply this would be over soon, the murderer captured and locked away.
“Peter calmed down after that, I think he realised what he had done. We returned to base and reported to our superiors. They were busy with more important things of course so Peter was sent home, the young officer relocated and the dead man’s family compensated,” he laughed bitterly, “We were told that it would be best not to mention this unfortunate affair again, after all it had nothing to do with us.”
“His name is Peter Middleton,” Sherlock said instead of answering his question.
He reeled back when he realized where his thoughts were taking him, or would have if Sherlock had not been holding him in place, instead only his head moved, slamming into the wall behind him.
John lets his gaze linger a bit longer, taking in the sight in front of him while saying in his own head that this, this is the last time. It is Christmas tomorrow and he has made an early New Years Eve promise to himself, next year he is going to absolutely and most definitely stop obsessing over someone he cannot have. He will give up this ridiculous crush on his best friend, who had stated very clearly that he was not interested in something like this and that his work is everything for him.
“He is our killer as I am sure you understand by now,” Sherlock said and looked at John, searching for a reaction of some sort.
He was lost in a bloody maze in London’s largest night club with a killer who quite likely had at least one if not several knifes on his person, and by the look of the victims knew perfectly well how to handle them. Those boxer’s ears probably meant he wasn’t that bad in a standard knuckle fight either.
“221b Baker street please,” said Sherlock to the cabby.
He guessed he worked too much.
The fluorescent light in the ceiling flickered and it seemed like the walls were shaking slightly from the loud music pounding in from the gym outside. The body, as the one before, was a nondescript middle-aged man; he wore a similar cheap suit and no form of identification.
He paid the driver who made off in a hurry, not a place she had wanted to stay a moment longer than she had too. It was a rundown neighbourhood; all empty buildings and graffiti tags covering every free surface. One of those project zones that sometimes got forgotten in city planning until someone high up decides that gentrification finally has reached the area and money is to be made.  The people residing are forced out and new shopping centres with shiny trolleys spring up as out of nowhere.
And now here they were. John pulled his shoulders up to his ears, trying to keep warm.  The large red brick building ahead was placed at the edge of a London suburb. They had left the sprawl of fish-and-chip places and charity shops a while back. Out here it was all old looking stone houses and fields.
Lestrade nodded, he could see that this wouldn’t lead anywhere. Not to say that he would stop trying to bully John into a safe house, just that he would put it off to a later date.
“It hurts, but that’s no surprise. Everything else seems to be here, so fine I suppose,” Well if you counted fine as sporting cold sweaty palms and a pounding heart. John was scared, more terrified than he remembered having been in a long time. He had screwed up and now Sherlock would tell him to leave and he would have to go back to the bleak existence he had lived before he met Sherlock. He shivered at the thought.
“We have to stop him John, or he will come for you. Whether he has reasons or not.”
“Tessa, tell the others to search downwards,” Tessa, the police officer closest to him nodded and spoke into the microphone at her shoulder.
John rose, walked into the kitchen and refilled his cup with some stagnant coffee left in the pot; he was going to need it.
“Of course,” Sherlock replied.
When John reached the address it was just an empty warehouse, cracked, red brick walls and boarded up windows. He tried to read the old painted letters on the wall but they were to worn for him to make it out. In the last second he remembered to let the cabby pass and drop him of a block away, Sherlock would have been proud.
What were the facts he thought, walking aimlessly around the dark sitting room, not bothering with the lights, picking things up and putting them down in new random places.
He went over the buildings layout again, forever stored away in his head and ah, he thought, that was it.
“Sherlock?”
He felt the hard, cold weight of the gun pressing against the skin in the small of his back. How could it feel safe and yet dangerous, he wondered idly while chewing the inside of his lip.
John took a sip on his drink, it was neon green. Why would anyone want to drink something that was green? Such a vile colour. Not even green tea, which he had dabbled in when times had been worse and he had been desperate for anything to make life better, is really green, he though. More of a natural brown-green. He had tried to order a pint of bitter but the young bartender hadn’t been able to hear him over the insane noise of the night club and in the end had just given him this green sludge. It had a horrible, sickly sweet taste that coated his tongue and the roof of his mouth. But Sherlock had said to blend in, so drink it he did.
“I told you to run, why didn’t you run.”
“Although it is not actually from me but my brother and I believe these cases demand something a bit more...” John doesn’t know what to expect and so is innocently relaxed. As Sherlock talks he walks closer to where John is sitting, his voice sinking to its lowest register and John finds himself inexplicably trembling, “...personal,” Sherlock finishes as he comes up and stands in front of John, knees touching lightly.
“Wrong again we know plenty,” Sherlock folded his loupe away, tucking it into the inside coat pocket and at their blank faces proceeded to explain.
“Great. I’ll call you, then”
“Yet she doesn’t hold herself to those same standards.”
You may be wondering whether I caught either the thief or our fake doctor, and whether they turned out to be the same person. They were, and I did — well, I don't know if "caught" is exactly the right term, but we do know who he is. And where he is. Right now he's asleep in the upstairs bedroom of what is now our flat. I know, I wouldn't have believed it either if you had told me last week this was going to happen.
Moriarty entered the room with all the pomp of a king. It reminded John of Shakepeare’s Richard III’s entrance in Act 2.
“Yes! That’s what I think too. Are you a doctor?”
Special thanks to hotshoeagain for the steady and strong beta throughout this. You are right there on top of it, and keeping Rosie age appropriate and Brit picking my Americanisms. And a huge thanks to bluebellofbakerstreet for the ideas to help me bring this to life. I am grateful to you for inspiring this. Thank you so much for your winning bid for Fandom Trumps Hate. Finally to my past beta, recentlyfolded. Although you didn’t beta this, I kept hearing you whispering “show not tell” throughout. I think I followed it through with Sherlock’s voice!
“Oh, my, Sherlock! Embracing the psychopath within! I do like that in an accomplice. So nice of you to offer, but it’s too much fun to give up. I want the pleasure of killing him myself. About puzzles...two brothers without a key. Or am I wrong?”
The old Sherlock Holmes would have come back with a snarky reply. This Sherlock doesn’t—he says, “I’d much rather lean on you.”
“He’s bossing us about like he’s in charge,” Greg complains.
“I want you to know,” John says, looking down at the rose, “that you’re more to me than some fading flower. I’m such rubbish at words like this but since that day I was hanging on to the ledge by the tips of my fingers, and you pulled me up, I’ve been happy. That’s not something I’ve felt in a very long time. I want you have that too. Some happiness.”
I was jealous. I know he didn’t call her, but I still felt hurt that he took the note.
manner,” Sherlock remarks.
“Oh, but you’re not!” Sherlock says. “Not at all. Mycroft has already commented on how you’re not.”
He calls Mrs. Hudson instead.
He trod back to the dorm, trying his best to ignore the drop in temperature. He favored his hand since it still ached from the burn, and kept that hand tucked inside his pocket.
Beca crosses her leg and leans in closer to Sherlock. “If you need anything, let the nurses know. I heard they’ll be keeping you overnight for observation, but you should be free to return to John’s flat in the morning.”
“I’m so...relieved.” Greg pulls himself together. God knows John’s seen Greg lose it before, but he’s surprised that he’s the cause. “You hadn’t stopped around, so I thought I’d stop by yours. When we found your jumper covered in blood, I thought I’d lost one of my best mates! I was never so relieved when Molly came back with the labs that the blood wasn’t yours.” He embraces John again in another suffocating hug.
John heart tumbles to the rhythmic pull of Sherlock’s mouth. Pleasure shoots through his limbs. Sherlock swirls his tongue around the head John’s cock inside his mouth.
"There were Frankensteins long before she happened to write that piece of fiction, and there will be Frankensteins long after."
William rolls his eyes.
“What’s wrong,” John sits up.
“We’re not movin’ a thing, but you need to,” the leader barks back, and points behind them. “Ya don’t want ta go ‘n make my mates angry now, do ya?”
He remains on guard. He doesn’t wish to be surprised by Ms. Kratides before he reaches the warehouses. It’s imperative he has enough time to get her to spill what she knows to him like any good villain before Lestrade, John, and his brother bust in. He thinks he can win her trust quickly, but if not, maybe he can goad her into telling him enough so that he can be certain he is right.
“What?” John didn't know what gave it away to him. He also felt odd. He took the pen off the desk. Was he that afraid of what he really was?
John blinked as his eyes rapidly. He’d heard him. He needed to distract him from James. His eyes were still on the pen.
Sherlock smiles. It's a slow smile, one that carries pain and pulls at the corner of his lips. A smile that calls to John and pulls at a hidden place deep inside his chest. One that makes John wrap his arms around Sherlock and want to never, ever let go.
, he thought just before he lost consciousness.
John takes a shaky breath and nods.
"I have proof, John. Her own words. But right now you need to rest."
Time to depart. Sherlock spins around, coat flying like a cape, spinning through the revolving doors like Superman. He’s straight outside and around the building as fast as he can manage. He’s searching for a specific store which adjoins the building; the shop fronts have changed since google maps updated last, but he recognizes the bright red awning.
Thank you to hotshoeagain for going over the chapter again!
Sherlock pushed his pants lower as his cock throbbed at the same tempo. All the while his never let his eyes leave the sight of John.
John slips off his robe and pulls his t-shirt over his head. He drops his sweats in a heap on the floor, then crawls across the bed next to Sherlock. He props himself up on his elbow and scans Sherlock, checking. Then John leans and presses his face into where Sherlock’s long neck and shoulder meet. Immediately arms and legs weave together, and Sherlock breathes, he’s shaking from head to toe. It’s only transport, he tells himself. He works to calm himself. He needs methodology, step-by-step scientific procedure to explore all that is John Watson.
Sherlock began jiggling the cord on purpose. He didn’t want another lecture on how caring wasn’t an advantage, even if in essence it was true. Look what caring had done to John! He’d walked into all this because of Sherlock. He’d cared and it got John strapped to a bomb and shot in the shoulder. He’d almost died in Sherlock’s arms. As long as he lived, Sherlock would never forget the panic he felt as he held John, or the words John had said.
He tore along the hallway of the dorm and down the stairs. At least he was only on the second floor. He found himself speeding up to a sprint across campus to East Hall. The irony wasn't lost on John that the lecture today was on classical conditioning and how responses to environmental stimuli shape actions. He knew he'd be shaping his actions much differently in the future. No more playing guitar and eating Pringles and looking into his roommate's magically changing eyes until two in the morning!
"Probabilities. Based on the number of points I can recollect on a randomly chosen route through given areas I have concluded that I am more familiar with some areas of Cardiff than others. Makes changes from my memories more relevant." Will stops pacing and turns to John. "I'm fairly sure I'm not from here. My mental map of London is much more detailed and my Welsh is...textbook." He looks back at the map. "I really need to get my hands on something more detailed than a bus map. This was the best one Mrs. Hudson had in her side table. You don't have a printer I somehow haven't found yet, do you?" Will looks at him hopefully. "No, of course you don't."
Part of Sherlock wanted to tell John everything, even how he had underestimated Moriarty's obsession.
The rest of the ride is silence broken by a bit of small talk.
“John dear, you weren’t in any condition to view the body. You know that.”
Sherlock places both of his hands on the chest and picks it up. He sets it back where they found, pushing the sand back over the top of the chest.
“Tell me you love me,” Sherlock pleads. "Tell me you love me.”
John flipped the chair on its side. With another section of rope, he secured his prisoner’s bound hands and leg flush to the chair’s back and rail.
"Sherlock, what?" I'd asked for about the twentieth time.
"But Steven, what about us? You said you'd always..."
Sherlock had leaned over and put his hand on John’s knee. He didn't normally touch people, but this was the perfect opportunity to see if his roommate was receptive or homophobic.
Through the haze, Sherlock accesses John’s expression. Fists clenched, brow pulled tight. John is concentrating on pushing back his pain, but that’s not the reason for his reaction. He’s angry. “How much did you hear? Exactly?”
"But you two have faced Moriarty together. What's one more assassin?" She sighs. "Well, Jim only gave orders. He may have had a mind like a trap, but he couldn't shoot a man off a moving yacht at over 900 yards."
“Mummy read to me often, but in the vein of fairy tales, nursery rhymes, Beatrix Potter and such. It was Mycroft who read the adventure books I loved most.”
“Hello, young man,” she said, and held out her gloved hand. “We have a friend in common. I know you’re not in the habit of getting in strange cars and galavanting about with people you don’t know, but it is most important that you hop inside and take a spin with me.”
bounce.
For those used to my usual regular posts for my works, I apologize. This story is being written chapter by chapter as I publish and is a journey myself and for John and Sherlock. I do have an idea where I’m going with the plot (no worries, the ending will be happy), but how it will all transpire, I don’t. Yet. My writing process is a metaphor of my life. I used to write using “by the seat of my pants” method almost exclusively as a young writer. As I’ve gotten older, I tend to plan, plot out and write the whole story before publishing and just clean up each chapter with my beta as I go.
? You left Rosie with Mycroft. When you said, you’d find someone, I didn’t think you’d ask my brother.”
“For us both! We had the plan. We would go separate ways, far from here.” She stares past me, imagining what it would have been.
When he returned that night, he didn’t tell me what happened directly. Instead he patiently waited for Rosie to pick up every wooden block off the floor in her desired order—not A, B, C or red or green or blue blocks first. In the Rosie order, which before bedtime is as slowly as possible.
Sherlock killed a man. Not that John hasn't done the same for Sherlock. He's suddenly unsure what to say to him. Thank you?
Another loud thud echoed into the room, surprising Moran. He jerked back in the chair too far, the rockers tipping back. John had to respect Moran’s skills. Despite almost flipping over backwards, he kept his gun trained on John.
“You mean, romantically?”
For two hours, Sherlock paced the room. He needed Mycroft to call back before John returned. It had taken Mycroft all of three hours, and John
“It’s like he was born there! He just reads the charts and knows! I thought he was a nutter, but he’s been right about cause of death each of the first three cases. So do you know what I did? I took him to the drawers and pulled out Mr. Beefcake!”
“So you’re just a posh git? Or...your girlfriend likes clothes?” John pauses "Or boyfriend. Which is fine, by the way.
Sherlock puts on a detached face and grimly goes about the autopsy. Doctors cope in much the same way— it’s a natural protection mechanism.
Sherlock's fingers stroke John’s cock up and down his length, rubbing foreskin against glans with a steady rhythm.
“I loved her.” Sherlock turns the key in his fingers as they both look at the chest between them. “I remember how she followed me and laughed and played and...I still do love her. I don’t care what she did. Even after all that they told me, all that I don’t remember, I love her.”
“You did a shit job pulling out your IV. You got blood all over her dress.” John helps him pull the dress over his head, and hands him back his hospital gown.
I grimace. I will now have to disinfect, which is only marginally better than sterilizing the stairway.
“I hear you have another victim,” Beca says.
He hugged his dog tightly before finally setting him down. Redbeard limped but followed. Mycroft said he had something stuck in his paw. Redbeard recovered, but Sherlock never forgot. He made a point of training Redbeard. With one word, "stay," Redbeard remained safe and close. Always.
I’ve had a keen interest in false memory syndrome since college. If you’re a detective fan, you know how unreliable eyewitnesses truly are. I’ve always wondered to what extent our memories can be altered without us even knowing it. I’ve done some research on this topic long before this story. When I teach the Crucible, I touch on this idea of False Memory Syndrone with my students, and we discuss the characteristics of those  with the syndrome, such as, traumatic experiences and the younger the subject, the more suggestible. But a false memory could be as simple as believing you put your cellphone on the table when you didn’t.
I hear John and Rosie come down the stairs and go into the bathroom. Rosie chatters and John yawns.
John frowned. The spectre of the news article raised its ugly head again. Sherlock recognized his error. While it was in fact most distressing to Sherlock as well—that it could have been them—he pushed the thought aside.
James wrinkled his nose as he smoothed his hand over John’s bedspread.
Through the double doors, even his breath echoes around the large, hollow warehouse. His shoes speak as the footfalls’ echo bounce against the warehouse walls. No surprises, then. A final click reverberates behind then in front of him as the doors announce he’s arrived.
“No likely! I was going to ask you the same,” John said. “I expect Mrs. Hudson will be bringing up the sandwiches soon.” John shoves his hands into his pockets and turns to Will. “She’s not a bad player herself.”
He pointed the pen inches from John’s face.
"That is not necessary. One of your clients told me about a physician who does charitable work."
He doesn’t show the note to Molly, then he immediately texts John to come to the morgue.
“It should supplement the beans nicely.”
"Shut it. Just shut it. When did you get here?"
“Yes?”
“Neither. I served my time.”
“I mean
While the candles flickered, James talked about himself. Sherlock realized the Jim's stories about the psyches of deviant bank robbers and ax murderers targeted their common interests in homicide and the science of deduction. James cleverly omitted any of clues to his past from all his cases.
He’d suffer this. He’d suffer anything. John was home. Safe.
"You're pretty good," John said.
While John gives Rosie a half-hearted push on the swing, I shove my hand deep into my coat pocket and fumble with my mobile. I’ve been waiting for Mycroft’s call. I need to know. This has nothing to do with controlling all the outcomes or being cavalier in solving who it was. It has nothing to do with knowing all the variables. It has everything to do with who.
“Now be a dear and pick up the gun.”
He stealthily unlatched the cover, giving a very quiet sigh of relief that none of them popped or squeaked as he did.
“Hmm,” John says. “I’d take the car back to Mike, but it’s getting dark.”
I nod. “Modification of Omega and Alpha Behavior in Hindbrain through Electrical Brain Stimulus.”
I try to think. A way out. I had a plan. Where is it? I must not forget. It's drowning in the pain. Where is my mind? It is often all I have. As long as that thread of a connection remains, I might find a way to escape. I must. It's not only my fate I need to salvage.
Razor-sharp teeth rip my arm, but I feel no pain.
She walks with him as he leaves the market through the thinning crowd. "I'm glad I caught you—  I did want to ask you something."
Molly told him she asked around after that. She found out that Helena’s been talking to other people, telling them that he’s dangerous. A killer.
“Now, now, now. What did your brother dear tell you about caring?”
“As I said before, Sophy Kratides, or Helena or whatever she’s calling herself, is
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t either. Just joking. I think I might go down the long and winding road of becoming a psychiatrist. I’m a non-traditional student anyway.”
“Don’t forget tomorrow. Cards…” Sherlock reminds her over his shoulder.
“My blogger, my friend," he whispers. ”And my lover."
John kept his face cool, his mind clear. He did what Sherlock instructed him to do  if he came face to face with the man: observe. Moriarty shut the door quietly behind him and pressed his back flat against it. An artificial smile for the poor masses lingered longer than John liked. John curled his lips hoping he looked indifferent.
“And what was in that note?”
“More each day,” John replies, trying his best to lift her spirits as he follows her. He half-expects Holmes ancestors to hang in the hall, then remembers the family fire.
He sat down on John's bed and leaned back on the headboard. Closing his eyes, he pressed his steepled fingers under his chin and entered his mind palace.
“I hear you gave Inspector Lestrade a difficult time,” John says, taking his usual seat in the chair next to Will’s bed. He rubs his own leg as he studies his patient. Some color has returned to his cheeks, he no longer looks as dehydrated. His output on his chart looks good. His little junt seems to have had no ill effect.
I’ve gone over the note again and again. I’ve never been one to rely on instinct. It’s always deductive logic, but I admit there are times I let myself simply react. Like now. I take John’s hand. He doesn’t pull away.
“I only have a feeling,” Sherlock whispers.
“James also told me you were pre-med; so am I.”
and skimmed the headlines. He had just swung his backpack over his shoulder farther so he could open up the paper and read the next section when a headline caught his eye: "I-94 Rest Area Sting Operation in Progress after Recent Murder."
(See the end of the chapter for
know what I need now? For someone who didn’t have his memory not so long ago, you sure do know a lot.”
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “Anything to save me from your incessant anecdotes.”
He rushes down the mazes in his mind, and pulls down the Cluedo box, but nothing comes to him. “Talk. And play Cluedo. Yes. Cluedo, we could play Cluedo.”
"He's a bit touched," Sherlock added.
The stranger's low groans were mixed with the sound of crickets and the echoes of traffic whooshing down the highway. With a last grunt, John thrust and shot his release.
“Good.” John chuckles and bites his lip. He understands. “I want more than friendship. More than sex.” John sits up straight and squeezes Sherlock’s hand. “Please don’t hyperventilate, but I want a life with you.”
He assured me he was well and in excellent health. He attributed the whole episode to wanting me to reach out and have a friend if anything should ever happen to him. Over that next week, I kept a close eye on him nonetheless—or as close as I could since he was living with Mary.
“We’re waiting…” John says.
"But that doesn't explain why she shut the door. We were right in front of her when she shut the door!" I could hear myself getting shouty. I didn't care.
“You were siphoning money from a suspicious account that the foreign service specialist whom you work for at the British Embassy had hidden—expenditures that one does not want to disclose publicly.” I begin to pace back and forth between John and Mr. Markham. “You took it at face value. You thought it was what it seemed, a slush account. But it was not. The money in question, unbeknownst to you, was part of a black budget tied to hired assassins. These funds were tied to secret code names, hidden figures, no doubt covert plans. You are in deep. You came back because you realized your missed opportunity to ask for my help earlier. In that respect, you were wise to return.”
My dream shifts like sand. Again, this differs and shifts to another dream I have. I am home in the library. I am as I was left after Alphons’ death: with one real arm and one automail. It's silent and empty except for the tomes of books I love. It hurts, but I force my automail arm to push the ladder. The ladder wheels squeak as I roll it to the place amongst the stacks. At the top of the far end of the bookcases, I stop. There high above and behind a hidden panel, the secret of my family safely rests. I climb rung by rung. I must retrieve it. No one may be allowed to steal it. The Elixir. This philosopher’s stone is essential to the creation of living transmutation. I need it to get Alphons back.
“Oh, tin man, we both know you do. There it is,” James said, flicking Sherlock’s shirt with his finger, “you’re wearing it on your sleeve.”
"John Watson! Come up here, please. I need to I speak with you."
"Very funny," Sherlock laughs, pulling on his swim trunks. "Especially since you're not their favored meal."
This is what happens to me whenever I get mixed up with anything you do. Just weeks before my wedding, I'm drugged, tied up, and shoved onto a tiny jet, then transferred to a boat that's barely sea-worthy to be locked away in a cabin where I'm tossed and pitched and rolled about like rubbish. I have more bloody bruises than I did that time we fought the Golem. That doesn't even include the twenty-three hours of seasickness every day. The one hour I'm not sick, I'm praying to die because the bed is so hard it cracks my nuts.
First is John’s fascination with
"You don't know our Molly Hooper." He studies my face carefully. "I am more concerned with finding someone to reattach it. She doesn’t have the talents needed to do that. I can do the operation and link it directly to the nervous system. It will still move like a natural appendage, taking electrical pulses from the nerves to power and regulate the various electric motors and pneumatic actuators inside. But, your body will still reject it without a partial-blood seal.”
Will nods. John pads off to the loo. When he comes back to say goodnight, he sees that Will has curled himself up in a chair with a copy of
“You never liked eggs!” Mycroft scoffs. “You fed them to Redbeard along with most of your meals. Mummy wondered for years why the dog was so fat. Yet you eat these...eggs as if they're ambrosia. What might one make of that observation?”
. Another ridiculous title. How I came by it, was a long story involving pink lace panties. Could I help it that they were the only article of clothing left in a drawer when I was trying to escape? It was better than nothing. Second thought, maybe not.
“My taste has changed as I’ve matured.”
God, it's all too much for John to take in. That she would have killed Sherlock. That she pretended to be someone she wasn't. That...
“No petting the kitty. The letter,” I say again. I hate repeating myself.
John wondered.
,” I said. “I promise.” I realize I still hadn’t. If she returns without them washed, there will be hell to pay.
“She was a wildcat this morning after all the excitement. We just got her settled.” John waves for Mycroft to sit down. It was one of Mycroft’s ways in which to assert himself, but John was magnanimous when it came to my brother, far more than I would ever be when it came to sitting in my chair.
I am stunned. “John, you know this man?”
“This is an obvious connection to the other murders,” Molly says. “There was no struggle. The same woman drugged, then strangled him. The imprints on the neck the same. I don’t need to run toxicology to know that result either, but I’ll run one for Greg. He’ll need it. We should call him.”
“Everyone sounds like someone else until they’re not.”
It amazed John how a man could be so graceful and yet be such an asshole.
to entertain myself." She narrows her eyes at John and looks at him as if he's the stupidest man alive. "However trivial. Something to distract me from these other insects."
“Nothing like spending your entire youth in college,” John added.
I stopped dead in front of one of the tombstones. "Sherlock, did you see the name on this?" I pointed.
John blushes a bit, and Sherlock gives John a shy smile.
The driver looks back at me. His off-the-rack suit is too loose in the shoulders. His dark hair has too much product. His back is rigid, and the knock-off Ray-bans he’s wearing may hide his eyes, but not his toxic attitude. I don’t recall his name, but do remember he was a terrible counterfeiter, and a prime example of a man out of his depth.
"Most serial killers don't seem the type. They relish hiding in plain sight. Some pose as simple, ordinary men. Others project a congenial and very engaging demeanor, as does Moriarty. Do not mistake this for weakness in them—it is their strength. They wait and play with their prey." Sherlock walked back and forth in front of the beds.
"The note you left her." I groaned as he pulled at my length.
"No. The answer is no. I am not a snitch."
I remember how I sensed John’s irritation when he’d texted me.
Mike he'd miss most, even though he wouldn't be that far away in East Lansing, at State. They'd had some great times together, getting high and cruising. John'd probably see Mike on holidays since their parents were close.
Mycroft ignores John, turns to one of his men, takes a hanky the man is offering, and wipes the blood from his mouth. “I do believe my front tooth is loose.”
“We thoroughly investigated any party who came in contact with her,” Mycroft answers. “All tapes were sifted through meticulously, second by second. No person was thought untouched by her; even those who never directly spoke to her were suspect. My people investigated and deprogrammed any person who was touched by Eurus or by proxy. We were meticulous.”
John chooses the copy of
“He always has. Just ignore him. That’s what I do.”
He's also a careful Sherlock. One who treads on tip-toes. One who is afraid to upset John. He told John that his heart rate became irregular when he fainted. He follows John now as if he might shatter and disappear entirely. John is not sure if the arrythmia was a result of his physical state, or from the shock of learning the truth about Mary, or Sherlock's confession.
“Nightmares are nightmares because of the feelings they involve. These aren't nightmares are like yours, John. Mine don’t sound normal. I have others. In them there are no heroic acts or saving lives. I stand and I watch.”
“I will.” He pushes back the pain and nausea he feels and steps closer to his brother. “She also gave light to one other puzzle. I know what really happened to our sister.”
All it would take was one second for Moriarty to look away. The pounding had stopped. John knew he might not have much time.
is a scene from this book! I've been working on things like this," he waves at the map, "on the basis that I could tell dream from memory, not realizing that my memory can't tell fiction from reality. Which leaves me with—the only other memories, which are—-" Will halts again.
. My wish was fulfilled. My conductor of light has returned.
“I am glad a part of you remembers me,” Mycroft says to Sherlock.
"But. No. Just no. Sherlock..." John feels like he's pleading and hates it, and his head pounds, but he needs to know. "Why? What makes you think this? Tell me now."
“Mary wasn’t supposed to die.”
“He said something about having all these rooms in his head— most of them he couldn’t open. He calls it his mansion.”
John knew all about those, he'd had a few. One from Sally down the street for two bucks. But it was the one from a boy at camp the previous summer that changed John forever.
“Norbury? That’s what I’m supposed to say to you when ...” John stops pushing Rosie on the bucket swing.
John wonders just how long this little boat trip is going to take.
“Yes, John. I knew when you said there was a reason for it to be folded into the shape of a heart. It’s not numbers or logic. It’s the words on the creases, the folds. What’s in between.”
His mobile vibrates. He pulls it out. It’s John, of course.
"Why must I hide what I am?" I had wondered. The answer was in the chapter: The lie is that "Omegas who have the ability to transmute are an aberration of unchecked power." They are said "not capable of controlling the enormity of the power they wielded" that they were "too emotional and physically frail" to withstand the pressures of calling, but in reality, omegas were the most capable. No Alpha or Beta alchemist compared to that of the great Omega "alchemystics." Posing as Betas and Alphas became the only way for the Omega alchemystics. They transmuted suppressants.
, but it wasn’t on campus that early in the 1970s. Zingerman’s is a staple of campus life at U of M (I admit I only visited my friends there. I went to MSU…go green).
On the top bunk, Sherlock had closed his eyes. John was very talented. He had a lovely voice. Add one more to the list of John Watson paradoxes. Who knew this simple man could sing and play guitar like Bob Dylan? How had it come to this? Sherlock hadn't wanted a roommate at all, but this could prove much, much worse. Or better. Depending...
“I blamed Mycroft. My last words to him were bitter. I regret them.” She sat down on Sherlock’s old four-poster bed with a simple frame covered in an old handmade quilt much like the one in the chair his mum sat upon. “I’m afraid it’s a all bit cluttered. When Willie disappeared, Mycroft had his apartment packed up and kept some of his more personal possessions here, hoping.”
"Of course it was your brother—your cloak and dagger brother who runs the British government and apparently has no problem finding dirt on others." John's face was turning bright red. "It's why you think you needed to do it that concerns me. Why?"
He watches a bit of “Keeping Up Appearances,” but he can’t stop coming back to Sherlock’s choice. He can’t judge him for it. He’s not even sure if that’s the way it happened. Maybe that blow to the head stopped him. Maybe they knocked him senseless before he could choose. John’s mind is wound tight and ready to unspool into a fine mess. If his is in this state, he worries more about Sherlock’s.
"Sherlock? What are we doing?"
were torn apart over Ennis being the top and Jack the bottom argument. In this fandom, most writers may have a preference, but we don't get nasty over it. I am so, so thankful for that. I love this fandom of writers because they are so supportive. Still, a few people will comment about how they "wish" you would write John or Sherlock as a top or bottom. Sorry. I'm not changing it.
was so sure of myself. Life was good. We were solving crimes together again. Yet he  said he had a feeling something was off.
"Ouch!" he says, but his face flushes. "We also already have a drawer full of sex toys." Sherlock waves him off. "I'd rather eat this ice cream."
“No! I mean, later.” And he sets the rose carefully on the table as John pours water into a beaker. It will have to do. No vases. Water splashes onto John’s jumper, and it strains a little darker down his chest. Sherlock steps closer and takes the beaker. He can see a bit of the way down inside the loose neckline. He looks for the scar, but can’t see it. He glimpses the gold of his skin and freckles scattered within freckles, glossy with sweat.
Sherlock inches up John’s inner thigh between John’s legs. All John can think of is how seconds before those hands were on the violin. He wants to be that violin.
"But these circumstances are necessary. With no compelling urgency..." Sherlock said.
I have it out of his pocket. My hand is on the Glock, his hand is on the Glock.
. John, there are no coincidences. Later this business merged into the Andropa Institute. An anagram for Pandora!”
“With me?” John asked. “You’re taking me to him?”
Sherlock knows it, sees it. The man’s a bloody genius.
Not decisive. Much like the man in the bushes: still hiding.
“No, I don’t but … you don’t know who Bruce Wayne is? Of course you don’t.”
“Oh, hi, Mike.”
John’s mouth falls open. “Muttonpaws. But there’s no way you would know that! I couldn’t remember!” John looks a bit lost as he says.
After two scheduled surgeries and an emergency appendectomy, John crosses over to the to the nurses’ station and props himself against the desk in his usual position. He reads over what’s on his schedule for the afternoon. He hears the familiar gait of Dr. Hooper fast approaching. She’s on a mission and is coming right at him in the face. He expects the worse. Instead she hugs him. John squeaks out in surprise.
“If that’s all I wanted, I would have killed you.”
"On our drive to the hospital, I was comparing what I saw out the window to my mental map of Cardiff. We drove through some areas I haven't frequented during the last two months, and there were some differences from what I expected." Will starts to pace. "If I map that variance — what's there now versus what I expect to be there— I can narrow down when my mental map was created. It doesn't tell me who I am, but it might tell me how long I've been here. This map is pre-epidemic, so I'm also marking changes between the map and the city as it is now. Like these bus routes that were cancelled."
I roll my eyes and pull out my mobile to text John not to bother with the sitter.
He needed him as a friend. As a sex partner. He'd have to make sure that if they did have sex, it was only sex.
“Mrs. Hudson’s does make a fine cuppa, but we can’t have all those eyes upon us! I’m surprised you’d suggest it.”
Four hands uncover the top of the chest. Sherlock feels John’s eyes on him—  his doctor is checking, assessing, re-assessing while Sherlock does the same. Despite the gnawing pangs inside his gut, he feels remarkably calm. His mind alert. No sign of a headache.
“Before I give you this, I need to know you are keeping an open mind about what you are about to read. The other folder is more about your past. It thought you might be...interested.”
James reached into his other pocket. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Not a gun, but a pen.
The black sedan pulls alongside.
He ventured off to the south side of the lake. The sun had disappeared and heavy clouds had taken its place. He was sitting quietly now, watching through the white pines. Birds sang. He wished he knew the names of the songs. Tree limbs accompanied them as they creaked.
“I did.” Sherlock slips the map from his pocket and shows his big brother.
As Sherlock stares down between them, he thinks John is a thing of beauty too: his cock thick, long, and proud; the scar on his shoulder, a shining star.
“It was right there, in the wall.”
“Four? You’re lucky you didn’t have a heart attack!”
Sherlock climbed up the frame at the end of the bunk bed and wiggled under his blanket. Stretching out, he closed his eyes and entered his mind palace.
"It was behind the boxes in the freezer. That was why they were all piled up in the corner."
It's about an island murder. Of course Sherlock would leave him a book about an island murder.
“It is advantageous that I have— at least up to the last few minutes—  CCTV footage of you the night before you disappeared, Sherlock. I would like you to watch it. You may observe something we did not detect.”
Now he would never find his true love.
John is chatting everyone up on the walk home. John steps in a puddle and doesn’t swear, and he’s smiling like a loon when he spills some of his tea on his jacket. He comments on how the birds are singing and how the drizzle feels good on his neck. He wears a crooked smile and laughs a bit too loud at Mike’s bad jokes. Even Mike knows something is up. It’s like Sherlock is in a alternate universe. First the note, then Beca visiting the morgue. Molly going out on a date with Anthea! Now this! John shouldn’t be happy. He should be on edge. Sophy Kratides could nab him off the streets at any moment!
John took it to the eighth floor and to one of the tiny offices that those in the work-study program used. John flipped on the light.
“I must say that fratricide is overrated as a test of loyalty,” Mycroft says.
“We’re going to the hill on the east end of the island,” Sherlock says. “That’s where you can see the archaeological evidence of a Saxon fort. We can picnic there if you’d like— right where the Vikings probably ate!” Unspoken is that’s not far from where the treasure chest is buried.
"That's ridiculous. I have no lover!"
He held Sherlock’s hand in his, then opened it gently. Sherlock wished he could enjoy the moment more, but his hand felt like he’d just set it on fire.
"How long has he been like this, Rodrick?" an unfamiliar voice asks. "Good god! You don't have to duck. I'm not going to crack you on the side of the head like that arse Paylar. Speak up!"
“I'm to bed. Let me check you over once more. It’s getting late and both of us have another exciting day tomorrow."
“Sadly, there are no bears. If there were, they would be hibernating,” Sherlock paused. He’d been waiting for Mycroft to tell him. It seemed Mycroft enjoyed drawing it out. “What do you hear from John?”
“I’ve also read that it’s painful to drown. Hurts like a bitch. Nothing is too painful for you after what you’ve done to my mum and others like Peter here. And the best part of it all is I can finally shut that mouth of yours.”
The first words from his lips are “I’m sorry.”
They find an old wooden cot and Sherlock tests it out, sitting on it and bouncing. John takes a seat next to him.
"And no police."
“Stay away from him as planned until it is time to spring the trap.”
_____________
And about the brother. It seems he’s alive unless I decide to throttle him in the future. People can call Sherlock a posh egotistical arse all they want, but he’s nothing compared to bloody Mycroft Holmes.
Moran’s feet were planted in front of him. He always wore those ugly penny loafers.
John doesn’t know Mycroft well, but it’s obvious that he’s as smart at his younger brother. That’s why John understands this confrontation with Sophy has a much deeper purpose. This was not for Sophy’s sake. This was for Sherlock’s.
The prints match.
“That’s what I said.” John tries his best not to give it away he covered up his little escape plan, but William already knows. He decides he may as well lay it all out for him. It might be a bit tricky. But...
But my plan falls apart. Our usual sitter isn’t answering her mobile, and Molly is working at Bart’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That was before I came into his life. I brought him back. Now he has me," Mary says.
John took her number. “Thanks. I will.” He turned around and began walking away, then stopped and did an about-face. “Um, Mary?”
They don’t bother with dinner. Later, he shows John the note. John isn’t upset. He trusts Sherlock.
“Thank you.”
“I’m sure he thinks he
“Thank you, John. But...”
“I’m not jealous.”
His mom would be so upset. Harry? Sure, she'd cry and carry on, but in the end, would that really happen? He could wait and watch to see if it were a sting.
"Just when is she supposed to find this note?"
"What, if anything, have you learned?" Sherlock asked.
Sitting next to each other on the bed so closely, their knees had touched.
“It does indeed!”
. Sherlock remains vague as to what that plan is, what is being compromised and who.
“And you, Sister Katherine, should be sent back to St. David’s!”
Under John’s thoughtful eyes, I fall asleep.
“People mostly. That’s how I knew the moment I saw you. He’s captured you so well, although a younger version, but you. Charcoal and pencil sketches.” There. He’d said it, and she cries. John’s not sure what to do. He wants to comfort her, but she’s embarrassed at her outburst, covers her face with her long fingers and brushes away the tears.
John covers his eyes with his arm, successfully blocking out all light. "Not that again. Why am I not safe? Oh, that's right. It's my hired-assassin fiancée. She's out to do what? Off me?"
"Hello?" Marliyn called and shut the door.
While Sherlock knew that John Watson was attractive, there were far more handsome men in his dorm. Yet when John Watson stripped off his shirt to get into the shower, Sherlock knees went weak and he would swear to anyone near him that John rivaled Michalageo's David.
reveal to Greg. Of course Greg asks him about any returning memories regarding Mycroft or Pandora— something John is certain Greg has asked Sherlock a number of times already. Sherlock is not forthcoming.
Even in his death, Moriarty lied.
Mycroft takes another bite of eggs, swallows politely, then nods, “Very well. Go ahead, dear brother.”
She ignores him. Immediately Will sees he more than some bodyguard, more than a driver. He is a partner. This man is posing as a strong-armed assistant when instead, he’s an equal. “She never make his bed in any capacity,” he says.
Sherlock stops himself from rolling his eyes. As if John threatening Sherlock with starvation would ever work! But Mycroft? Sherlock stares daggers at his brother. Mycroft needs to keep his mouth shut— at least when it comes to telling John the plan— otherwise, his brother is welcome to eat all the eggs he wants.
“Sure thing. I can’t guarantee how long it’s been sitting. If it’s like syrup, I’ll make a new pot.” She patted the folders before giving him a wink. “Make yourself at home. I’ll be right back with a hot cup of joe!”
I want to get up and cross the room. I want to hold him and say none of this happened. But I cannot. It won’t change anything.
John jumped when the phone rang. Not many people called. It couldn’t be his mom— she only called when Ma Bell's rates were cheapest at 10 p.m. Sunday. That meant it could only be one person: Mycroft Holmes. John sat up and climbed off the bed. Two steps and he grabbed the phone.
She blushes a deeper red, and a warmth grows in his chest that he chose the right word. Sherlock has to admit she’s cute blushing and flustered— for a woman. If he was attracted to women, he would find her interesting. But he’s not. He texts John again.
John blinked as Moran snapped his fingers in front of John’s face. At least it was better than getting slapped again. The fog in his head was beginning to clear. He scanned the room, and it looked strangely like he was in a locker room.
. Therefore, Sherlock deduced, not stashed beneath the bed for later—instead it had fallen behind the bed—left behind by the old fisherman who had previously rented the cabin.
I gulp back my own panic and squeeze his hand back with excitement. “I would be amenable, but it is unnecessary. We received a substantial bonus from the Wolfe case that we have never touched will more than cover the costs.”
Mary grabbed one of the bean-bag chairs, and pulled in right next to John’s. She sat down in it cross-legged and sipped her coffee.
“Exactly. Can you put that on speaker?” she asks and sits closer to him, watching his mobile screen instead of her own. “They have a website with people who feed this misinformation to the world. She is painting Mycroft Holmes as some Machiavellian puppet master who’s responsible for all the bad that has happened in the world, including Pandora, when in reality the man did everything in his power to stop the world from flying apart, including sacrificing the brother he loved.”
While John seemed highly upset in the beginning, he has become unusually calm. I fear that this is not a good thing.
"When are you leaving?" John asks her.
“Thus the rooms,” William says. “And weapon used. Hmm. Therefore these are the suspects, I believe.”
John blinks. “Wait! That was her last text to you…”
“From the size and shape, it is Mary Morstan,” Sherlock said with more than a little venom in his voice.
“And that will work?” John asks.
He spends the rest of the day walking along the vast beaches that surround this end of the lagoon where his ketch is moored along with some of its smaller inlets. This time he wears a hat and some sandals he's found. He takes them off to wade through the warm water, and realizes quickly that he'll need to keep track of the tides lest he be marooned away from the ketch by high water.
"You should have taught me this sooner." John's feeling more confident, and he spins Sherlock around. "It's nice."
"Not many people confess their love right after telling them they killed a man for them," John muses.
“He can’t win!” Sophy moans from the floor. “He...he can’t!”
“Well, hiding details that can impact your healthcare is unwise. Hiding addiction dangerous. We need to know what medication you’re on to treat you properly. For example taking the Triptan,  you were treating the symptom not the cause,” John lectures. “You have swelling in your brain. We’re treating that along with possible clotting. The swelling seems to be subsiding, but you need rest. You can’t go trying to escape and jumping around.”
"Damn," I said. Giddily I wondered whether there were such a thing as a slapstick tragedy.
Marilyn held a piece of paper in her hand. She looked down, referring to it as though what it contained were especially complex.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you, sir" John repeated.
And why was he gay? Does it really matter why, because he is. He finally was able to admit to himself that he was part of the ten percent. That was what that Kinsey Report book said, ten percent of the population desired the same sex. For the last few years John had written off his desires to the part of the report that said half of the male subjects got hard-ons for members of both sexes. John did.
John’s not so sure. He berates himself for not checking him this morning before they left. He’s Will’s physician, or had he forgotten that? He’s so caught up in having a live body to communicate with that he forgot his duty.
"This means so much to me, to work with you."
Which left the question: what to do now?
"While knowledge is power, there are other incentives. Do tell me what he said."
He waits for John to explode. It doesn’t happen. He does, however, look distressed.
“It’s designer. A bit old, but it’s good luck.” She pats it.
"You are sure."
“I hate to burst your bubble, but that means I should be dead. I’m ordinary.”
“You are delusional,” Mycroft says to Sophy. “You are no more my sister than my assistant Anthea is. But I do know you.”
Sherlock nodded. He'd read the first two himself when he was younger, but it was him mum who had read Laura Engles stories to him.
He knows John Watson has had lots of experience with sex. He was married. Had a child. He was in the army. John told Sherlock, he was bi-sexual. John has had lots of sex. He’d even read some of John’s blog about how he was referred to as “Three Continents Watson.”
“You may push the button now, Sherlock. It’s the little red one. Go ahead. Push it.”
Sherlock had ample opportunities to come clean to John. What type of fucked-up relationship did he have with James Moriarty that made Sherlock think that this was the way a relationship functioned? Lie about how they really met? Was James telling the truth? No. Couldn’t be. The man took pictures of them! That was truly fucked up.
“Do you even recall the row we had naming Redbeard?”
"I don't believe I heard you correctly. You did what?"
Later that evening after way too much roast beef, Yorkshire pudding, and brussel sprouts, they move to the living room to relax and talk— or the Holmes’ version of it.
During the ride, I go into my mind palace. I make myself review the events of that day at the aquarium. I’ve re-lived this in my memories, in my nightmares, but I’ve never taken it apart like I should have. I know that now. I wanted to forget it. I force myself to rewind it. I take what happened apart frame by frame. The flickering blue, the fire of the gun. My utter shock. As it plays in my mind palace, a voice narrates. For the first time, it’s not Mary’s.
John's voice is soft, but his jaw is tense, and Will pauses before answering, choosing his words. "It has a psychosomatic component. Like your leg." He looks up. "Oh! I'm sorry, John."
I sat forward, waiting for what was to come next.
It was a lie.
John noticed Moran’s boot where it was torn and bloody.
“A wise man once told me when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”
John nods once and gulps. "Gah! Yes." His leg muscles tremble and his shoulder twinges a bit, but his wrists don't hurt. He wouldn’t bloody notice if they did.
That night John had wondered if he had a sign on his back that said faggot, but Sherlock just grabbed another stack of the Pringles that John had shared with him and shoved them in his mouth saying, “These are very tasty.”
Suddenly, her eyes dart wildly, watching the red lasers switch positions from Sherlock and Mycroft’s men to Sophy and her men. Her face turns red, her lips a thin line, as Mycroft rolls over on the floor and smiles up at her.
“Sherlock, be kind to your brother,” she says. “Nothing has changed. You still constantly bicker. And if you two think that I haven’t noticed you are both sneaking out to smoke behind my back, you are sorely mistaken!”
“From becoming a homicidal maniac like yourself? Or did my sister mold you into what you’ve become? Either way, keeping you two a part for as long as I did saved more lives.”
He’s a madness. I’ve lost so many people. I’ve got friends I care about around me like Molly and Mike, but I don’t let them get too close. It’s easier that way. I haven’t dated much because I can’t take losing someone I loved again. And then someone comes into my life when I don’t expect it, and I begin to care. Really care.
"Well, don't. Do it, that is. I want you clear-headed, and I don't care if you think it makes you focus. It doesn't. You are already a mad genius. You don't need something that makes you think you're invincible."
“Glad you decided to change the day,” she says.
—————--
“I said I made the choice. I knew it would be my only chance to take her out. I’d asked her to let me go.”
“Do you think you were alone in that warehouse? Others were nearby. When they reached the place where you’d sent the last message, you had disappeared along with the five canisters. All the information you’d retrieved from the lab on a previous mission was wiped systematically.”
John moved to the edge of his chair and placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “Did you have time to think when you were in France?”
Irene laughed aloud. “That could be anyone.”
Greg stood with his arms crossed and smiled while watching him in action. “I told you he was good,” he whispered to Anderson.
Mycroft took his phone out of his pocket and called an ambulance. He gave them the address. “Please hurry. I don’t know how many of the sleeping tablets he took.”
He turned around and smiled. “Yes of course, something the matter, Doctor?”
John stayed with him until five the next morning. He crawled out from under his head and shut the door after he left the room. He returned to his bedroom, dropped down on the bed and fell asleep.
He turned around and walked into the kitchen. After placing his hands on the surface of the cupboard, he leaned against it and shut his eyes. He gained Sherlock’s trust and he didn’t want to lose it due to bloody sex. Simon banged his fist on the cupboard. He stormed out of the kitchen, stopped in the living room doorway and glanced at Sherlock. “I’ll be with you in a minute. I’m going to take a shower.”
Sherlock raised his head and scanned the buildings. “There are no surveillance cameras here.” His brows furrowed, making nose crinkles. “What’s he still doing at the office?”
Andrew grabbed hold of his crotch, pacing towards him while yelling. “Is this what you came here for? Is this what you want?”
“Did you tell him?”
The newspaper lay on the table next to him as usual. He traced the headline letters with his fingers.
John withdrew before he fell on top of Sherlock to catch his breath.
When he woke for the second time, a bright light shined above him. He shut his eyes and turned his head to the side before he opened them up again. He blinked a few times, before he could focus. Everything was white around him, except for the light blue curtains.
“Huh, um…” He stuttered when he replied. “Yes, sit here… I mean there…” He took a deep breath and pulled himself together. “Take a seat, Mister, um…”
After the taxi dropped him off in front of the hospital, he inquired at reception on which floor the morgue was.
“No one,” he answered bluntly and gave the cabby an address in Brixton.
Sherlock grabbed his cell phone, put it inside his trousers pocket and headed back to the door. “Shall we go,” he said keeping the door open. “I just need to get my coat in my locker.”
They strolled back to the lift, took it to the ground floor and exited the hospital building.
“Why didn’t you wait for me? I told you I was picking you up.”
Sherlock came back with more towels. “Let me dry up then you can continue preparing the chicken.”
“Yes Mycroft. Then you can show him you don’t need greasy food, you’re not that bony after all.”
He snorted while shaking his head. “Are you an old boyfriend?”
His face dulled. “What rumors?”
After the second cigarette, he dragged himself through the shower. He put on clean pajamas, flopped onto the couch and called Greg. “I’m fine, stop worrying.” He rolled his eyes. “Mycroft is filling your head with all kinds of rubbish about me. I know you’re gullible because you’re still in love. My god, I thought you were the dominant one. Ha, was I wrong.” Sherlock’s eyes enlarged. “Yes, I’m done. I called because I want a phone number from you.” He shook his head. “No, the case is closed. The file is in the archives.” His face dulled. “No, don’t ask Anderson, no, neither Sally. I’ll get dressed and come over to look for it myself.” A smile formed on his face. “His name is Hudson. A drug cartel case, he got the death penalty. Yes, that’s the one.” Sherlock lit another cigarette before he continued. “I want his wife’s phone number. Thanks.”
John sighed. “In a room across town, on my army pension I can hardly afford the rent.”
“Ignore him,” he said and kept on playing.
He nodded. “Dinner is ready. Will you set the table, Sherlock?”
He grabbed his phone out of his coat pocket and dialed Mycroft’s number. “I want to see you. Yes, my flat in two hours.” He rolled his eyes. “No, not now, I’m on my way to Brixton, there’s been another murder… oh, but you ought to know about that.” He dropped the call and shoved the phone back in his pocket.
He nodded. “I’m just tired.”
Surprisingly, Mycroft put Britain on hold and came to visit for Christmas. He stayed the week and left after New Year’s Day.
They entered the hotel and found the manager in the lobby.
“Good god Sherlock, that’s private.”
“No Simon, please,” he begged.
Sherlock flung around and gasped aloud. “Professor Linder, what are you still doing here?”
Sherlock didn’t move. He didn’t look up.
“Well, that’s a good thing then. I hope you thought about that formula.” Professor Linder pointed to the blackboard. “Will you please complete it?”
After he took a shower, he got dressed and rushed downstairs, skipping breakfast.
He smiled faintly while nodding. “I better get back to my studies.” He held the violin out to her. “Thank you.”
One day while sitting in a diner, Mycroft arrived with an unknown man on his side. Sherlock gazed at them, deducing the man. He was a police officer, perhaps a private investigator. He wore a wedding ring recently. Why did he take it off?
Sherlock put his dark blue scarf around his neck, put on his coat and flipped the collar up. “You keep touching your right shoulder, sometimes rolling it while pulling a face. The pain is still bugging you. Am I right?”
Sherlock glanced at him when they got out of the lift. “They do, but I take my own samples and sometimes they don’t see it as evidence while I do.” He held the lab door open, waited until John had entered and stepped inside as well.
Sherlock opened his eyes and sighed. “Oh god, what did he want?”
“No.” He grabbed the menu lying on the table next to him. “Give me a few minutes.”
Sherlock stopped firing and turned around. “I’m bored,” he answered, turned back and fired another shot at the wall.
He placed his hands in his coat pockets and turned around, biting his lower lip. He could kill Mycroft for spying on him.
Mike grabbed it from her. He scrolled down the contacts, found Mycroft’s number and dialed it. “Hello, no it’s Mike. He left his phone at the lab. That’s not why I’m calling. Something’s wrong with him. He doesn’t focus on his work and he doesn’t eat. You should see how thin he is.” He ended the call and gave the phone back to Linda. “He will send someone to collect the phone.”
They rushed out of the building onto the pavement and stopped a taxi.
“A letter from Oxford, you’re accepted.” She smiled, holding the envelope out to him.
“Huh.” He looked up and noticed the waiter. “Oh yeah, right, a beef burger and chips with fried onion rings on the side, please.”
“Look at yourself. You’ve become a bloody drug addict. Good god Sherlock, you have so much potential and you’re throwing it away.”
“I’m done,” Andrew announced as he pulled up his pants and fastened it. “Get dressed and get the fuck out of my house.” He left the room and strolled towards the bathroom.
In the early hours of the morning, yelling and crying woke Simon. He reached out to wake him.
Sherlock stopped squirming. He called out another two times before he settled down.
Sherlock explained to them why he thought the gardener was the killer.
He shook his head. He glanced at Simon as he walked past him and left the musical room for the last time.
“Mister Holmes, do you find me boring already?”
He looked up when Sherlock barged through the door. “Where did you disappear off to? I was looking for you and decided to come home when I couldn’t find you.”
Greg jumped to his feet. “It was nice meeting you, looking forward to work with you.”
Sherlock didn’t move, except for fluttering his eyes when the door banged. He despised people coming late, even more those who had to set an example.
“Can’t I practice for just thirty minutes?”
He snorted. “So, at least you’ve paid attention while I introduced myself.”
Greg snorted. “There’s nothing wrong with me or the food I eat.” He poked him in the ribs. “You can do with a bit of greasy food. I don’t like bony men, you know.”
Ten minutes later, he entered his room. He chucked his sling bag on the bed, thinking again of the violin music. Maybe he should give it a try. He could make time for it.
Sherlock jumped upright and let his feet hang from the bed. “They didn’t get rid of anything. When are they discharging me? I’m bored. I miss my violin and I want to get out of this nuthouse.”
Sherlock smiled when he picked up his violin and played God saves the Queen on it.
“Does Mary get this reaction from you?”
Sherlock gave the cabby the address after they jumped in and leaned back in his seat, glancing out the window aware of John’s eyes on him.
Sherlock sighed. “I see in the paper there’s a serial killer loose in London again. Three women strangled already, I’m expecting a call from Lestrade soon.”
“Did I say something wrong?” she asked while stepping into the kitchen to put the tray on the table.
The waiter nodded and left.
John glanced at him. Clearly, something bothered Sherlock. “Are you alright?”
He nodded. “I was enjoying your beautiful music.”
“I’m not that late, Mister Holmes. You can’t be sleeping already.”
He opened the door and glanced around. “Is Sherlock still up on the roof?”
They chatted about schooldays until the time was up, before heading back to the hospital.
John stormed up to him, reaching for the gun. “Give me that,” he said and grabbed it out of his hand. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
The tune of God Save the Queen drifted through the flat.
“Well, what do you think of the place, John?”
“That’s different. We don’t like each other very much.”
“I’m not addicted to it. I can stop at any time.”
Without a word, his mother turned around and walked out.
“I missed you at the airport two weeks ago. Everyone was there to say goodbye except you.”
He pushed the pause button, waited until she left before rewinding the video. He found the part he looked for and pressed the play button.
Sherlock took it from him and strolled down to the board.
“No problem, Sir.”
“My lab equipment I bought while I still had money.”
“Impossible? Look at me, I’m butch.”
“But my legs are pulled up.”
He showed them the body and left after Lestrade ordered him to go.
Sherlock opened the door, bent down and picked up the bag. “Thank you,” he called out.
“Well, you already have.”
He woke an hour later with a stiff neck and sore back. He had to stay awake until he was finished. If he had only one tablet, it would see him through. He glanced at his watch, jumped up and put on his coat before he left.
Sherlock moved closer to him and whispered. “I know. I was there.”
“What do you want, Mycroft?”
“Yes, bring me another towel.”
Just before five, Sherlock’s cell phone rang. He glanced at the screen and frowned not recognizing the number, before he answered. He arched a brow. “What did I tell you? Yes, my offer still stands. How many unsolved cases do you have?” He smiled. “I will see you again tomorrow.”
They trotted down the stairs.
“The expression on your face says a lot.” He charged out the office with Sherlock behind him.
Sally snorted. “Does he?”
“Hello John.”
“What you did before I moved in with you.”
“Oh shut up, Sherlock.”
He put his arms around Sherlock. “No you’re not. I promised you I won’t rush you, remember.” He sighed. “I had to get rid of this sexual tension.”
Mycroft called one of the nurses closer. “Where do I turn the sound on?”
“Yes, I have to leave. Mycroft’s driver is picking me up in thirty minutes.”
Sherlock went to bed just after midnight and woke early the next morning.
“I think you know by now how I feel about you, Sherlock.”
Thanks for reading and leaving kudos ♥
The violin music stopped.
His eyes enlarged. “That what happened over there,” he said, pointing to the couch.
He furrowed his brows. “Who says anything about throwing my life away? I’m going to the University of Liverpool. I’m going to study biomedical science and become a lab analyst.” He turned around and left her standing in the corridor, while gaping at him.
John continued preparing dinner.
He waited until he turned his back, before taking off his wet trousers. He dried his legs and shoes before he hurried out of the kitchen.
Since their wedding day, Sherlock ignored John’s phone calls. He didn’t even come to wish them bon voyage on the airport as their other friends did.
Half an hour later, they stopped in front of the hotel with Anderson and Sally right behind them.
“And you should’ve wakened me to tell me you were leaving.”
“Yes, once again I saved you, little brother. This is the second time in just over a year I’m sitting next to your deathbed. Are you stupid or something?”
John’s head jerked around. “Sorry?”
Mycroft sent his chauffeur to pick his brother up from the airport, then to the university.
Sherlock barged through the flat door and glared at his brother. “Who’s Janet?”
At the diner, he stared blindly at the menu. His eyes flickered when the waiter came to take his order. “Oh, sorry, give me a second.” His eyes skimmed over the menu while the waiter stood next to him waiting. “I’ll have the Caesar salad and a glass of white wine, please.”
Sherlock snorted. “Oh, please don’t.” He sighed. “I’m not the person you think I am, Simon. You might hate me if you see me more often.”
He smiled. Since when did he have the ability to read people? If he only had it before… He lowered his head and shut his eyes.
“Mister Holmes, will you do us the honors?”
“How’s the new bride and mum to be?”
He snorted when he stopped playback, not interested to hear what he was going to say next. Sherlock hated him and he was just looking out for him.
She nodded. “Oh, yes. I take only a half and sleeps through until the next morning.”
“Higher.”
“I was married, am married. The wife and I split up a few months ago.”
Two month later, professor Marks invited Sherlock to his home for the weekend. He picked him up Saturday morning. They went for breakfast at a nearby diner, did some shopping afterwards and returned to his home late afternoon.
“Great, I’m picking you up at ten. I’m cooking you lunch. How can we get to know each other if we don’t spend some time alone?”
Janet smiled at him as he opened the door and glanced back at her.
“I told you the last time we spoke. I can’t see you because I’m swamped with work.”
Sherlock passed his final year exams successfully. After graduation, he moved into a tiny bachelor flat Mycroft had organized for him. With a biomedical science degree in hand, his brother also found him a position at St. Bartholomew hospital’s laboratory.
He sighed. “I’ll be waiting.” He took the suitcase from Sherlock, kissed him on the cheek and accompanied him downstairs.
He drew his lips in a thin line. “That my little brother is a lie and you know it. As soon as the doctor discharges you, you are going to a rehab center.”
A young man opened up. “Hello, Professor. What brings you here?”
“So, what do you do if you’re not working here,” he asked after they stepped into the lift.
Not allowed to visit in the padded room, Mycroft watched the video footage of him.
“I have to stay. My boss already booked me into a hotel until you and Sherlock join me in two weeks.”
“Something happened when I lived in Liverpool. I’m still trying to figure out how to cope with it.”
“You see, I don’t bite.”
“How old are you? This class for final year students. You can’t possibly be in your final year.”
“He knows exactly what he’s doing. Never once did he hurt any of the staff members. A psychotic man would’ve.”
“And something to eat?” Mike asked while keeping the door open.
His eyes enlarged. “Is it Sherlock’s? Where did you find it?”
Simon stood in the doorway and gazed at him stretched out on the couch, watching television. After six months without sexual interaction between them, except the odd kisses now and again, it was time to break his promise.
Professor Linder passed the music room on his way home, when he noticed the light was still on. He glanced through the window and smiled. He opened the door and gazed at the beautiful man. “Mister Holmes, I didn’t know you played the violin?”
“Sherlock, you’re back.” His eyes shot full of tears. He jumped forward and threw his arms around him. “Oh god, I missed you.”
He stood up, sat astride John and pushed him backwards. “I love you, John, but I’m not ready for more than what we have.” He fell on top of him and kissed him.
Sherlock grimaced when he noticed the doorknocker hung straight. He grabbed it and slanted it to the right. “Mycroft is here already,” he mumbled and grunted before opening the door.
He returned after a few minutes and gazed at Sherlock’s bruised face and swollen lips. He sighed, walked back to the chair and sat down again. “I worry about you, constantly,” he murmured.
Sherlock sighed and turned his head away.
“Huh.” John opened his eyes for a second, fluttered his eyelids and shut them again.
Mycroft recognized that was his cue to leave and stood up. “Will do. Behave now, until next time.”
“Can’t you skip a violin lesson just once a month to make time for me? I know you’re still seeing Willa for lessons. Well, actually she told me.”
“No, leave me alone, John.”
He strained his eyes to focus. A white blur moved in front of him. The blasting of a ship’s horn nearby echoed in his throbbing head. He was at the harbor.
After a long passionate kiss, he let him go. “We better get some sleep.”
Dinner wasn’t as awkward as Sherlock expected it would be. In fact, he enjoyed the evening. For once, he and Mycroft were civil around a table. No catfights like when they were still in school and no sarcastic remarks from either of them like when they were alone in each other’s company.
“Next to the computer, he forgot to take.”
John’s eyes enlarged. “Mycroft knew? Who else knew?”
Mark accompanied him to the lift. “Do you want me to bring you something?”
“Don’t push it, Professor.”
She nodded and carried on talking about the boy. “Sherlock never brings him home. He’s mostly at that boy’s house.”
Mycroft drew his lips in a thin line. “Oh, but you were bloody indeed when we found you.”
“You know you can come to me if you’re in trouble, financially I mean.”
When John entered the flat, he found Sherlock on his back on the couch with his eyes shut and his hands together in front of his face. He raised a brow before he stepped into the kitchen and put the shopping bag on the table. “I met you brother just now,” he said while emptying the bag. He frowned, let go of everything and walked back to the living room. “Did you hear me? I said I met your brother.”
“Oh for god’s sake, you spoke to her earlier.”
“Yes, you have to go down there and write on the board with this.” He held a piece of white chalk out to him.
Sherlock’s heart hammered in his chest, scared to ask. He swallowed a lump and took a deep breath. “What do you want, John?”
“Are you out of your mind? I’m not a bloody prostitute.”
His mother glared at him. “He doesn’t have time to babysit you,” she repeated her eldest son’s words on why Sherlock couldn’t stay with him.
He nodded.
“I don’t want coffee. Are you done here, can we go home.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t. I was thinking.”
John’s lips parted. His chest heaved up and down as his breathing sped up.
Sherlock obeyed.
“No, why?”
“He’s quite handsome.”
“You didn’t, love. I was just telling Sherlock how we met.”
He chuckled. “Oh, my brother can be a real drama queen.”
John jumped up and covered himself. “Good god, Sherlock,” he shouted. “I thought you were sleeping.”
“I need her name. Give me her name, woman.”
He stopped and turned to him. “I think you better leave. I’m sorry you’ve wasted your time with me.” He turned back and continued walking.
Sherlock brought the tea into the living room. He placed a cup on the side table next to John before he sat down in the chair opposite him.
He stuck the tip of his tongue out to wet his dry lips.
Sherlock picked up his fork again. “There’s no guarantee either.”
Professor Linder stopped in front of his desk. “How are you this morning, Mister Holmes?”
After knocking and banging on the flat’s door, Mycroft phoned his chauffeur to come up and break the door down.
When he noticed someone approaching, he pushed his back against the wall, hoping the person didn’t see him. His heart hammered in his chest. Was it the dealer? It might be a mugger or even a killer.
“I won’t. I love you.”
A taxi dropped him off a few blocks from the hospital. He waited until the driver drove off before he walked into a dark alley. His eyes skimmed over the area.
Simon rolled his eyes while shaking his head and rushed to the bathroom.
On the third day, they locked him up in a soundproof padded room, while keeping an eye on him via a monitor.
“How do you now she’s not his wife?” Greg asked, glancing at the man and woman.
Then he realizes. Until that moment it hadn’t occurred to him that John could be interested in him physically. That seems an odd oversight now that he's thinking about it — it's an obvious potential motivation for John inviting him to live here. From John’s response, Will’s not sure how John feels about it either way. Will's not sure how he feels about it either, but he's irritated at himself that his own perspective might have unscientifically limited his conclusions about John. It's reasonable that Will himself hasn't thought about sex in the last two months, considering he's spent that time trying not to die.
“Yes, people have often said as much,” Mycroft says.
“I’m fine.”
"Doctor Watson bested by women. What would Sherlock say?"
"In his business, one doesn't need evidence; one needs only innuendo."
Beca nods. “Send the report to Lt. Lestrade immediately. We’re glad to have you back with us, Mr. Holmes.”
“Much better. Now, let’s try some of this new lubricant.” Sherlock takes his hand and slathers the final remains of the double chocolate-caramel onto his own cock.
“Get anywhere?” Greg asks.
"Molly is an artisan. Her father and her father's father worked for our family. When she finishes with your arm, you won't know the difference."
Final difficulty was the sex. Sex is always the hardest for me to write. It’s funny because in the classroom I have no problem talking about phallic imagery. But that’s a whole lot different than writing a sex scene. Part of it stems from comments and second guessing myself as I write. I am fine with criticism of my work except when it comes to choices I’d written about regarding sex. This is where comments are problematic for me. Someone can comment about plot or characterization, and I'm not bothered at all. But comment about how I wrote a sex scene, and it stifles me. It's not unusual that someone will comment how the sex scene I wrote was too short. Personally, when I read fanfiction, it’s the last thing I’m interested in (sometimes I even skip it to get to the plot). Instead, I love reading about what leads up to the sex act—I love mental foreplay the most. I can ignore comments about abbreviated sex scenes for the most part, but not comments about  who’s top vs. who’s bottom. I like equal opportunity when it comes to top and bottom. Fandoms like
"Upon seeing you, he dropped the cleaver on the butcher block. Terrified of the murderous stranger in your home, you picked up the cleaver and swung it, severing his hand."
. And I never will. I lied to Lestrade. I lied to John Watson. I didn’t want them asking about when or if I’ll remember. I abhor the repetition of it all. I do like being this man Sherlock Holmes though. It was a game pretending to be him, but it’s a ruse. I am not that man. I came here because I wanted to be here. With you. No more boring life with boring people.
cryptic message?”
A shattered sound of desperation escapes Sherlock's lips as he pushes John's knees apart. "I need to see you," he says. "I need look into your face."
“Maybe more.”
“I think I may have had one snifter of brandy too many,” John says. “Your boyhood bedroom! And this is your bed. I slept in in before, you know. Even had a wank in it."
“Would you mind, Mike, telling Beca I’ll be in a bit later? It seems I have a patient to attend to here.”
John decides not to disagree. Yet. “Sophy?”
"Oh, but you do. He comes to you almost every night with a note in your own handwriting. Here it is." Sherlock reached into the pocket of his Belstaff and handed her a note. Her lips moved as she read it.
“I knew it,” John said, racing around the car and opening up the door. “I knew he didn’t do it!” he repeated as he sat down in the white bucket seat next to the woman. She pushed the sunglasses back to get a better look at him and smiled. John smiled back. She had the most dazzling smile, and her blue eyes twinkled. He realized as she pushed the sunglasses back that she was wearing a wig. She was older than his mom.
From that day on, Sherlock had hours of fun deducing his fellow students, driving them mad. He deduced his professors as well, but always kept it to himself.
“Don’t be shy, John. I like them all.”
“He made friends with a boy in his class last year. Matt, or Mark, ugh can’t remember the name.”
The two men drove in silence to the flat.
He turned around and smiled. “Do you think so? It’s my own composition.”
Greg crossed his arms in front of him. “How did you know about the ring? I took it off a month ago.” He examined his ring finger. “If you look closely you can still see the mark, but not from where you’re sitting.”
“221B Baker Street,” he instructed the cabby and gazed out the window as the taxi cruised through the streets of London. How would Sherlock react seeing him again?
Lestrade glared at them. “Why are you so rude to the man? He went out of his way to help us. Bring the gardener in for further questioning, that’s an order.” He rushed out of his office and caught up with Sherlock outside the building, waiting for a taxi. “Don’t mind them. Are you sure it’s the gardener?”
John sighed after he seated on his favorite chair. “How are you holding up?”
Monday morning the class awaited the arrival of their new science lector. It was past eight and still no sign of him.
His eyes enlarge while he gaped at him. “Lestrade, Greg Lestrade from Scotland yard?”
“Are you okay?”
“Fine go on, pretend I’m not here.”
One of the sisters dragged him into the duty room. “Don’t let matron or one of the doctors catch you.”
He raised a brow and shrugged. “Bring whomever like.” John shut the door and shook his head as the car drove off. What an odd man. He shook his head again before he walked off in the direction of the flat.
Sherlock chucked the phone on the couch after he read the message and jumped up. He bumped his leg against one of the boxes and grunted. He had to find another flat.
Sherlock burst out with laughter.
His eyes enlarged. “How did you know?”
Sherlock was lying on his back when he entered.
He narrowed his eyes. “Matthew Clarkson, Matt for short,” he asked. “A short boy with brown hair,” he added when his mother pulled a face.
Sherlock glared at her. “She… she, oh never mind.” He turned away from Irene, leaving a baffled woman staring at him as he disappeared out the door.
John nodded after he looked around. “Yes, I like it.”
“I can be there tomorrow morning.”
Sally gaped at him before she turned to Greg. “Why did you bring him in? Are we not good enough anymore?”
He gasped. “Oh, nothing, I’m glad for him.” He smiled again. “Well, I have plenty of work waiting for me and you have more than three hours of driving ahead of you.” He kissed her on the cheek and returned to his car. “Give my love to Daddy, and be careful on the road,” he said before getting into the back.
John ignored Mycroft and greeted Greg.
He grimaced when he entered the flat. Newspapers were scattered over the floor. Dirty coffee mugs and teacups stood on the kitchen cupboard.
After he changed out of his school uniform, he fell down on his bed, thinking of Matt.
His head jerked up. “Oh, it’s you,” he said and dropped back on the pillow.
He shut his eyes after those words. “I love you too…”
When Sherlock moved his hand to free it, Simon tightened his grip. He gasped and raised his head slowly until they locked eyes. This man wanted more than he could give him. He wasn’t ready for a relationship.
They nestled against each other and fell asleep again.
Sherlock wriggled on the bed and shouted at someone to let him go.
He kept on pondering about the boy on his way to the parking area. He got into his car and drove off.
He gasped aloud. “I thought you wanted to sleep.”
Sherlock didn’t even notice he was gone until he returned with Willa next to him. He stopped playing and glanced at the two of them.
Sherlock slammed the door shut and locked up. He trotted down the corridor, leaving a baffled professor behind.
He preferred that they slept in John’s bedroom. He loved his manly smell that was all over the room and in his bed. He felt safer there as well.
“Stop what?”
Simon rolled his eyes. This was childish of him. “Sorry, I have the wrong room.”
Missis Hudson pushed the door open and entered with a tray in her hands.
Professor Linder nodded. “Oh, yes of course.” He turned back to the blackboard and rolled his eyes. He made a complete fool of himself in front of the students.
Simon traced his fingers over Sherlock’s slender hands. “You can tell me when you’re ready.” He kissed him on the cheek before he let go of his hand. “When can I see you again?”
“People die all the time, smoking or non-smoking,” Sherlock said before he turned around and drew another breath of smoke.
Sherlock sucked on his lip again.
“Well, as you can see I’m doing fine.”
“Do you want a cigarette?” he asked after he took one out and lit it.
“I see they couldn’t get rid of you rudeness.”
He stepped closer. “I give extra classes three times a week. Where is Professor Casseli?”
“Irene told me you were looking for me at the party last night.”
“Will I still see you or are you going to abandon me?”
His face turned crimson. “How many, Sherlock?”
She recognized him immediately after he told her his name.
In the middle of the night, Sherlock woke up when Simon shook him. “What’s wrong?”
“What are you doing here, Sherlock?”
He nodded at first before becoming aware of what he was doing and shook his head. “No, I’m not busy. Coffee will be nice.”
“Do you promise not to rush me?”
Sherlock interrupted his thoughts. “Hey, you’re back. How was the shower?”
He walked over to room fourteen and knocked on the door.
Sherlock woke up late that morning. He sighed when he glanced at his watch and threw the duvet off him. If he stayed awake for the night, he could’ve solved the case already.
Sherlock jumped out of bed after his brother left and hurried to the nurses’ station. “Do you have something for me to do?”
Thanks for reading and leaving kudos ♥
He jumped up, took his hand and introduced himself. “Lestrade, Greg Lestrade.” He remained standing and gazed at Mycroft.
John’s face flushed. “I wanted to smell you, fantasize, as if it was your hand and not mine.”
“Oh.” He pulled his face and took a seat on the couch, watching the two brothers.
Sherlock’s eyes enlarged when he opened up. “You again?”
Sherlock opened his eyes when the taxi stopped in front of his flat. He paid the cabby, jumped out and rushed up the stairs.
“Me neither. Do you want to have coffee with me at the cafeteria downstairs?”
“Are you a private detective? Sally asked.
Mycroft smiled, leaned over to Greg and whispered. “Look at them, aren’t they a cute couple.”
“I noticed the chicken in your shopping bag while you were in my car. I figured it was dinner and asked him to buy white wine instead of red.”
He relaxed after a while and fell asleep in Simon’s arms.
Willa smiled when he appeared in the doorway. “Sherlock Holmes, I knew you would change your mind.”
He smiled and followed her into the stock room.
Mycroft and Greg left the flat after ten that night.
Almost two months later, he met Mycroft in a peculiar way.
He nodded and turned his head away.
Sherlock lowered his head and sighed before everything blackened in front of him again.
The man stopped and turned around. He didn’t recognize him at first and frowned, while walking closer.
John snorted. “Oh no you don’t.” He put his arms around him, held him tight as he came upright and stood up with him in his arms. He turned around and fell back on the bed with Sherlock underneath him. “I’m the dominant one.” He gazed at him and sighed. “My god you’re beautiful.” He traced his fingers along the side of his face, from his high cheekbones down to his neckline, before his mouth covered Sherlock’s luscious lips.
He smiled. “I could never hate you, Mister Holmes. Since that first day you walked into my class room, I couldn’t take my eyes off you.”
School closed early. Everybody in his class, except him, went to a bar to celebrate the beginning of their adulthood.
John shook his head while waiting for his throbbing heart to calm down. “No, it can’t be,” he muttered.
He frowned. “Now what you doing here?”
“And keep your trousers on, professor Linder.”
Sherlock stayed in hospital for another two weeks before his doctor discharged him. He never told anybody what actually happened to him that day, neither did he pressed charges against professor Marks.
“Like a fool I visited your grave every day. I cried myself to sleep every night.” He turned around, facing the wall. “I stood at your grave and I asked for a miracle. I asked you not to be dead.”
They glanced at Mike without saying a word.
“Let’s see.” Sherlock turned his head to the table closest to them. “That man is married. The woman opposite him is not his wife.”
Thanks for reading and leaving kudos ♥
John jumped up and grabbed his arm before he could leave the room. He pulled him closer, raised his heels to stand on the tips of his toes and kissed him on the lips.
Simon walked him to the bed and fell down on it with him. “Calm down. You’re going nowhere.” He didn’t relax his grip.
“Yes I know. What I want comes for free.”
John jumped out of the chair, his face red with anger. “You faked your own death and let me mourn for two years believing you were dead,” he yelled.
He shook his head. “I swear this was the first time. The other times I did it in the bathroom.”
Sherlock took out his wallet and opened it. “Where’s the tablets, Whitey. If you run with my money, I’ll hunt you down.”
Mycroft entered the flat and gasped aloud. “Goodness me, what happened here?”
He kept on playing. “Don’t interrupt me.”
“Where are you staying now?”
Sherlock came back with a bucket and chucked the wet cloths and towels inside. When he lifted the bucket, John took it out of his hands.
He turned to the window and glanced out of it while playing different pieces of music.
His eyes enlarged. “The morgue, what’s he doing there? Did Lestrade call him for a case?”
His mother jumped up and stormed out of the living room. She stopped in the dining room doorway and glared at her son. “Stop it, now. You’re beginning to annoy me. You’re not the only one who’s upset that we have to move. I had to give up my flower shop and my yearlong friends. You’re still young. You can make new friends at school.”
Seconds later, the phone beeped with a reply.
John shook his head. “But you asked him to come over.”
Sherlock pulled a face when he left the table. “What am I going to do all by myself?”
His eyes enlarged.
Later that afternoon, his father came home from work announcing he was leaving the next morning for Liverpool. “We emptied all the offices today. I have to leave early to help them setting up for work on Monday.”
“You shouldn’t do that. You know what it does to me, John.”
“I’m sorry, are you talking to me?”
“Stop it. Just stop it.” He put his hands on Sherlock’s chest, trying to push him away. “We’re not a couple anymore. Will you please step aside?”
“I missed you, John. I miss waking up in your arms.”
The next morning, he didn’t wait for Simon to pick him up. He left the flat early.
Sherlock shook his head. “Sorry, I was thinking out loud.”
He rolled his eyes. “I’m not.”
Mycroft gasped when he jerked his head around.
Sherlock shoved the paper off the bed. “I need it to get rid of my nightmares.”
John shook his head. “No, that’s the thing. As soon as I put your head on my lap and brush my fingers repeatedly through your hair, you calm down.”
Greg’s head jerked back to him. “Yeah, that.”
“I told you to seek professional help but you refused. Now look where it brought you.”
Greg smiled showing off his perfectly formed white teeth. “Isn’t this great, love,” he said returning his gaze to his date.
While ruffling Sherlock’s curls, his head fell backwards as he dozed off.
He sighed. “You’ve been having these nightmares.”
“Police officer?”
He took one. “Greg will kill me. He doesn’t like it when I smoke.”
“Guess what this is?” she cried out when he walked through the door.
Sherlock invested in a few coats and scarfs to stand out from the rest when he had to do investigations. He became attached to his new look and wore the dark blue scarf twisted around his neck along with the long black or navy coat with its collar turned up every time he sat foot out of his flat.
After a long shower, he reentered the room. “Mister Holmes, there’s no seconds. Get dressed.” He frowned, paced closer and gasped aloud when he discovered his student was unconscious.
Andrew gasped aloud, shoved him away and jumped up while wiping his mouth. “Good god, why did you do that?”
Mycroft sighed before he told him his version of the incident in Liverpool.
“Sherlock,” he yelled. “Look at me for god’s sake.” He smacked him across the face.
John pulled away, placed his hands firmly on Sherlock’s chest and shoved him backwards.
“But you’re not into women, why do you need her so badly?”
Simon couldn’t get the boy out of his head, now less than ever. He should probably stopped thinking of him as a boy. He shook his head. He’s so damn cute. If he could only brush his fingers through those ruffled curls of him.
He jerked his head up. “But that’s in two weeks.”
“I don’t believe you. Tell Mycroft I’m not in the mood for one of his games.” He flung around and hurried back to the taxi.
Sherlock jumped upright. “This is why I don’t want to sleep over. The few hours we spent together protected me from this.” He glanced at him. “You should find someone who can give himself completely to you, someone without baggage, without issues.”
Sherlock furrowed his brows. He recognized the look on the man’s face. He was attracted to Mycroft – smitten to be exact. The man couldn’t stop smiling neither could he take his eyes off him.
He let go of Sherlock and sighed. “Sorry, I promise to take it slow.”
He scoffed at John. “Since when do I have to tell you my whereabouts?”
Minutes later, the new lector barged through the door and apologized with an excuse that his car had a flat tire.
Her eyes narrowed as she paced closer to him. “I wanted to see if the rumors about you and John were true.”
He arched a brow and repeated her words. “Brother mine…” He shook his head. “I don’t have a sister.”
Sally and Anderson nodded.
“Are you going to tell me what happened, or do I have to draw my own conclusions?”
“I’m having lunch, can I get you something?”
“Sherlock, calm down, describe her to me.”
Sherlock put on his scarf and coat, and trotted downstairs with John behind him.
He snorted. “What? No Sherly man, I will never run with your money. The tablets are in my pocket.” He took out a sachet with the five small tablets inside and laid it on the palm of his hand. “There, you believe me now?”
Soon the flat filled with the aroma of oven-baked chicken.
The thought of seeing Matt by the end of the year, kept him going these past six months. He was his first friend, his first… love. Now he had nothing to look forward to, except a tedious Christmas vacation with his parents at home.
“She left a few hours ago. She gave me her keys to lock up when I’m done.”
“Always a pleasure, dear,” she said smiling, before she turned around and headed for the door. She paused in the doorway and turned back. “Sherlock, are you going to get a new flat mate now that –”
He chuckled. “Out of the question this week.”
He shut the door and strode towards the woman. “Who are you?”
John was sitting behind his laptop, blogging as usual.
Sherlock gazed at the handsome man in front of him. He pulled a face. “So, I have to be alone for another week.”
“Well, you’ve been here for more two months and I don’t see any progress.”
Sherlock jumped out when the car stopped. He slammed the door shut and stormed into the building and up the stairs.
John gazed at him from behind and smiled. Sherlock was attracted to him. He cast his eyes down. Should he make the first move or should he wait until Sherlock was ready to make a move?
An hour later, he glided the bow over the strings for the first time. He grimaced when it squealed like a shrieking cat when someone stepped on its tail.
“And the violin,” Sherlock added.
Sherlock stretched and repositioned himself. When he placed his hand underneath his head, he opened his eyes and frowned. He turned his head to see what caused the bulge under his hand and gasped. He jerked his hand away from John’s crotch. He raised his head to look at him. “John,” he whispered, before patting him on the arm. “What are you doing in my bed?” He shook his shoulder.
She shrugged and returned to the living room. Her eyes enlarged when she noticed the bullet holes in the wall. “What have you done to my wall, Sherlock?”
He refused bluntly. “I told you not to rush me. Can you please take me to my flat?”
John remained standing on the pavement long after the car disappeared. He sighed again before heading back to the flat.
Willa was locking up when he came running down the corridor. “Hello love, I was wondering where you were.”
“I would like to keep him here a while longer after he comes out of the padded room. How long that will take,” He shook his head. “I don’t know. He’s a brilliant man, did you know that.”
“Stop it,” Sherlock yelled. He hit against Simon’s chest, yelling. “Get off me. I don’t want to.” He yelled again and wriggled, trying to get away. “Get off me.” He kicked, missing Simon’s face with millimeters.
Sherlock lit his brother’s cigarette. “Why not, he smokes too.” He chuckled. “Maybe you’re too butch for him with a cigarette in your hand.”
“When can you move in?”
The waiter brought Sherlock’s food. After he put on the table, he turned to the other two and waited for their order.
The sun had already set. It was almost dark, but there was still enough light to try and figure out where he was.
Greg moved his chair closer to Sherlock. “Tell me more about this…” He pulled a face and glanced at Mycroft. “The what?”
“I suppose you are flawless?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Fine, give me five. Is the price still the same?”
“I bought chicken, veggies and…”
“You’re lying. Tell me the real reason why you’re avoiding me.”
The two of them got out after the taxi dropped them in front of 221 B Baker Street.
She snorted. “That you are homosexual and not asexual as some said.”
“No, there’s no chance in hell. I won’t take her back.”
The student shook his head. He directed him to a notice board at the entrance. “There’s a list with names of the students.”
After he bought a hot dog and milkshake, he went over to the park across the hospital to his usual spot. He took place on one of the benches to eat, when he noticed a familiar face passing him by. “John,” he called out, but the man kept on walking. He put his lunch down and jumped up. “John Watson, he called out again, louder this time.
He smiled. “My thoughts exactly.”
John shook his head. “No hurry, only an empty room awaits me.”
“No, I misread you.” Tears welled up in his eyes. “I said I was sorry, please don’t hurt me.” He crawled until his back hit the bed.
“What were you doing on the harbor next to the public toilet? That means only one thing, Sherlock.”
Simon stopped in front of the block of flats and turned to him. “Are you free this weekend?”
He snorted. “I knew that. I just need some time to adjust.”
Sherlock smiled faintly. “Holmes, Sherlock Holmes.” He turned away, searched for an open desk and strolled towards it.”
He called for a taxi to stop and climbed in leaving the door open.
She snorted as they entered the office.
John pushed his plate aside and stood up. “I’m going back to bed, wake me after two hours.”
John shook his head while frowning. “I’m confused. Mike called you, a colleague of his.”
John smiled at him. “Time goes by so fast, before you know it I’ve moved in.”
He chucked the phone on the couch when he stood up. He picked up his violin and soon the music swept his mind away from daily life.
Sherlock turned around just in time to see his cute butt in the red underpants and his well-formed bare legs. He smiled and dried the rest of the floor. He left the towels and cloths in a pile in the corner of the kitchen to fetch a bucket in the bathroom.
“Well, thank you for your time, Mister Holmes.”
He jumped upright, rubbed his eyes and pulled his face. “I can’t keep my bloody eyes open.” He stood up, warmed his cup of coffee in the microwave oven and sat down again. He drank half of the coffee, picked up the fork and moved the scrambled eggs from side to side in his plate.
“He’s early.”
Sherlock opened the buffet’s drawer and stared at the eating utensils. If she only knew how hard it was for him to make friends. After four years alone in high school, he finally made friends with a boy in his class last year.
Sherlock furrowed his brows. “No, not that. I was wrong to think Greg was the dominant one in your relationship.”
Sherlock grasped onto the headboard, trying to pull himself away but failed.
His face flushed. He let go of his lip and sighed with relief when the waiter brought their food. This would keep the professor’s mind out of the gutter for a while.
He took him by the arm when he walked past him.
He pulled a face. “He never talks about me? That’s a shame. We’ve come such a long way.”
“I believe you are looking for me, Mister Holmes.”
He turned around. “I’m twenty-two, Professor. I am a final year student.”
Sally smirked. “Yes, the only one in the world.” She imitated his words from earlier.
Crinkles formed between his eyes as he narrowed them in question. “What are you doing?”
Mycroft glanced at him and shook his head while leaving the room.
Thank you all for reading and leaving kudos ♥
“Some too many than others.”
“Come on. Don’t play stupid with me. I work for the government. It’s my job to find things out.”
When he reached for the door, it opened and John appeared in the doorway.
Sherlock smiled, enjoying it to annoy his brother. He glanced at another table, deduced the couple and continued to the next until Mycroft banged his fist on the table.
He turned around to look at him. “I’m going nowhere, I promise. Enjoy it.” He turned back and while repositioning himself on the couch, his tiny PT shorts moved up exposing his slender, but well-formed, upper thighs.
“I will secure your employment at St Bart’s.” Mycroft smiled. “I’m working for the government, Sherlock. I can let anything happen.”
Soon his name appeared in newspapers next to Lestrade’s.
“I saw it from where I sat after you came in.”
The two men glanced at each other.
The ringing of his cell phone drew his attention. “Lestrade,” he answered. He smiled. “Hello love. Yes, he just left with a taxi.” He smiled again. “I told you last night your brother is impressive.” His face dulled. “Don’t be silly. Why would I leave you for him?” He glanced at his watch. “I have to go. Will I see you tonight?” He nodded. “I’ll be home at five. Greg smiled once again as he put his phone away while walking back to his office.
The professor glanced at the formula on the blackboard, his mind a blank. He turned again to face the students. “Who can complete this formula?”
His father glanced at him. “Jeez, it’s only for two weeks, Sherlock. You’re a grown man, I think you can manage.”
“Who are you?” Sherlock murmured.
“I can’t, what about my work at the lab? I’m not due for leave yet.”
“He’s busy. You can’t just barge in there.”
John glanced at him. “Are you sure you don’t want anything to eat?”
Both men gasped aloud when the door opened and Missis Hudson made her appearance.
John shut the door and glanced at him. “She’s just worried about you, all alone here in the flat, Sherlock.”
“Am I in the right class, Professor?”
“I’m his brother, Sherlock,” he said and held his hand out to the man.
He brushed his fingers through his hair and held onto his head, yelling. “I can deal with this on my own, stop whining.”
Sherlock took his seat in the back of the class, glad the professor wasn’t there, yet.
“That’s impossible. We’ve searched thoroughly,” Anderson said.
Sherlock turned to him. “If he is the killer, I will help you with your other cases.” He lowered his arm when a taxi stopped next to him. He opened the door and glanced back at Greg. “Your cases, my time, free of charge. Afternoon, Detective Inspector.”
He flopped onto the freshly made bed. He locked his fingers behind his head and raised his voice. “I’m bored. Give me something to do, anything.”
His eyes skimmed over the dimmed area. He found whom he was looking for and rushed over to her. He grabbed her by the arm and dragged her aside. “Irene, who was that red head?”
“This is John Watson, my new flat mate,” he said after freeing himself from her arms. He turned to John. “Missis Hudson, our landlady.”
Greg stared at the taxi driving off. Goodness, not even six hours on the case and he solved it. He could be an asset to the station.
Sherlock jumped up from the bed. “Why did you nag me to come here? You should’ve left me in Liverpool.”
Greg moved his chair back and traced his fingers across Mycroft’s arm while leaning over to him. “I’ll make it up to you, say tonight.”
“He says Britain needs you.”
John shut his eyes. He move closer and raised his head looking him in the eye. “You don’t have to buy me anything.” His lips parted as if he wanted to speak but instead of saying something, he slipped the tip of his tongue out, licking his lower lip while drowning in Sherlock green-blue eyes.
Sherlock glared at him. “Do you think I don’t… No wait, you don’t think.”
When Mycroft and Greg arrived at six, dinner was ready.
He scoffed at him. “Oh, that I know, brother dear.”
*The End*
He smiled and entered. “I didn’t get your name either.”
“What does that mean?”
He smiled, put out the cigarette butt and walked closer. “Sherlock Holmes,” he said and held out his hand.
While waiting, Sherlock put his elbow on his desk, supported his head on his fist and shut his eyes.
After two days, Sherlock’s body craved the amphetamines. His whole body shivered. His head wanted to explode with the throbbing pain in his temples. He yelled at the staff, threw the trays of food on the floor as soon as they left his room. After many attempts reinserting his intravenous feeding to boost him with vitamins, they gave up when he pulled it out again.
