“No trouble at all,” Tony said with an easy smile. “It’s the least I can do after you saved us from that ambush back in France.”
“Good morning sleepyhead,” whispered a familiar voice. “You going to wake up own your own or am I going to have to do something horrible to wake you up?”
Steve left out a frustrated huff. If he didn’t need his eyes, Steve would be rolling them back to the mainland. “Stop it.”
The tips of Steve’s ears turned pink in embarrassment. “Bucky!”
“Whoa! Easy there War Machine!” Bruce ran over to stand between the two men, hands held up as is ready to push back if things got heated (whatever little good that would do). “I’m the one with the anger problems, remember.” He tried to push the bodyguard back, but the robot didn’t respond. More the better in Steve’s mind as the Brooklyn Boys formed a protective circle around their leader.
“Oh, you noticed! I thought I was doing it very well.”
"Unless they changed the name on my birth certificate," replied Tony with a playful shrug.
“Great. Let me wash my hands and then I’ll be right back,” he said, darting off to the washing station.
Steve didn’t need their help. He could take on Mister Metal with his eyes closed. His nerves were cool and his focus was sharp enough that it would be easy to beat him senseless. Slash that impeccable suit to ribbons before finding flesh soft enough to knead into a deep shade of black and purple with his bare knuckles.
“He does not!”
“Good for me. Make it happen when you actually get engaged.”
Steve wasn’t so easily convinced. “Tony, you’re bleeding out. I don’t know what else to do or how much blood you’ve lost. We need to get you to a hospital so they can take a look at you and patch you up.”
The only sound blasting in Steve’s ears came from the shallow breath of his brothers. Seconds slowly ticked by. Not a sound. Maybe Thor was wrong. Maybe he really didn’t hear anything. But Steve couldn’t take that chance. Gulping down his nerves, Steve began to slowly count to ten. If Steve didn’t hear anything by the time he reached ten, it would be a false alarm and they could get the hell out of dodge.
“Uh, the sign says ‘do not disturb genius,’ and the music is clearly part of my genius,” said Tony, as he looked around the tangle of wires for the magical one to unravel them all.
Tony gave a distracted nod. His thoughts were elsewhere. “Revolution per second are slower than Iron Man’s,” he rambled off as Steve turned around to see how close they were being followed. “Each rotation is taking .023 seconds longer than I calculated for. Someone idiot must have messed with the casing to make it slower. Or the metal, A decrease in fan speed would definitely do it too. Although, if they used aluminum instead of tin-”
"You already asked me that Steve.” Tony replied as casually as if Steve had asked him about the weather.
“Not doubting that," replied Bucky in a low tone that suggested more than he said.
“Okay what?” Steve asked suspiciously.
“We’re back,” said Steve as he walked back into the passenger bay. The kid was wrapped around his waist like a koala clinging to a eucalyptus tree. Tony definitely did
“Steve!” he yelled, trying to chase after the blond man.
The regular beating of shots started up again. Tony listened under the cover of his hands. High pitched, irregularly displaced pings. They were either warning shots or someone was trying to lure them out of hiding.
While it felt like hours, the robot eventually retracted back into a neutral stance. Sensing a calm from the robot, Bruce let his hands drop slowly with a deep sigh. “We don’t have any problems with vagrants, do we War Machine?” It was more of a challenging statement than a question.
Steve let out a frustrated groan. “Marriage is more complicated than that. And you have to be at least eighteen in the state of New York before you can get married.” Not to mention the age difference. This Tony was cute, but he wasn’t Steve’s Tony.
And there he went, off to war, taking Tony’s breath with him.
Tony put the tray of meat down and unlocked a well-worn wooden delivery tunnel. He slid the tray of meat through and quickly closed it before the wolf could bite his hand off.
“What are you doing?”
“Any news?” Steve asked as Tony returned the receiver back to it’s cradle.
“Um… thanks?”
Steve watched Tony retreat back under the covers and let out a heavy sigh. Guess he was on his own for this one.
Fear gripped his stomach as the intensity of the vibrations underground increased. Before he heard or saw anything, Steve felt the weight of heavy feet rattling the concrete floor of the warehouse. His breath switched from calm breaths to quick gasps. He began to panic. Whatever was coming was big, heavy and angry.
Their work wasn’t always pretty, but Tony was glad the girls were enjoying themselves. He felt occasional stings of jealousy whenever a soldier touched one of the girls in a place that was more than strictly platonic, but it wasn’t because he was interested in them as bed mates. They were all fine women and dazzlingly in their own way, but Tony thought of them as friends. He didn’t want to have sex with them. Honestly, I would be easier if he did.
True to Steve’s word, he did all the work. Steve expertly drove down to the roads without any assistance of headlights (illegal, but so was the cargo). Every couple of minutes Steve would stop the car, pull out some cargo, and then the two would haul ass to deliver the goods a few blocks from their parking spot. Steve said it was so the coppers would have a harder time tracking them. Tony thought it was so Steve could see could get a laugh out of seeing him haul his outa shape ass across town and back. None of the rum runners Tony employed at Malibu went this far. Why should they? But Tony was in no position to say anything like that. To Steve, he was a simple engineer. And engineers weren’t well versed in the world of rum runs. And, to be perfectly honest, Tony preferred to keep it that way.
BOOM!
With a quiet ring, the doors to the elevator silently opened. Tony glared at Stane, the creases of his face cast weird shadows in the flood of golden light from the elevator. “I’m not changing my mind Obie,” he said with tired certainty.
Tony blushed, trying not to think too hard about his knight in shining fur. “Yeah. He really does.”
Joe shrugged his shoulders in passive interest. “Enough to keep you alive, if that’s what you’re concerned about. But not enough to get you into trouble. And I assume, from the size of your street gang and the size of your pocket book that you’d like to stay out of trouble.”
Natasha cocked her head to the side. “Are you talking about red, white, and beefcake? I walked by them a few minutes ago. Can confirm, they’re talking about you.”
“None so far, and Clint double checked the lab and your housing just in case.”
‘AIM. The Ten Rings. Pain.’ The memory consumed his senses, but Tony didn’t pull away from the touch of fingers on skin.
“Stay with me Tony,” he murmured, as he rushed them away from the four groaning bodies as fast as he could. As they made their escape, Tony spotted a fifth unconscious body with a purple arrow sticking out of their back. Steve took them down a dark alleyway, and Tony noticed many more long purple sticks sticking out of various objects and people. Despite the darkness he could see the remains of a dense gas dissipating into the night.
“He’s not my man,” reminded Steve.
He reached down once more, confident that Steve wasn’t going to pull him down again. (Though in different circumstances, the idea of Steve pulling him down and stripping off his armor in a darkened warehouse was quite tempting.) Instead, he said with an amused smirk, “Come here you asshole.”
Tony grinned in victory, giving Steve a strange satisfaction in his chest. When he opened the folded paper, his mouth dropped. “This is amazing!” Tony’s face glowed with wonder.
As they walked out of the elevator, the familiar, intimidating clicks of her shoes echoed down the halls
“Yeah,” Bucky said with a tired smile. “I just… I just really want my friend back.”
Steve saw an excited spark in Tony’s eye. That look of hope whenever Steve remembered something. “What was it about?”
Tony wandered close to the darkened border, his heart racing. He looked into the darkness trying to spot anything out of the blue. A quick scan revealed nothing out of the ordinary. But upon a second scan, he caught something moving behind a black Ford. He looked away, keeping the Ford in his peripheral. Then, in the corner of his eye, he caught a glint of a moving reflective surface. Shit.
“I’m sure,” said Steve, looking around for any sign of what direction they were supposed to head next. “Tony said they should be here.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “So, what? You going after all my firsts now?”
Tony laughed as Steve licked his face over and over. “Down, boy. Down,” he said pushing Steve away until the man sat down on his haunches. He whipped the spit away and noticed Steve working his jaw as if trying to chew on an invisible bone.
“So, what? We’re friends?”
“Tony,” Rhodey put a stop on their tangent discussion. “I’m just worried about you. We all are. About a lot of things: Stark Industries, the Iron Family, but this is different, and new, and…” his eye darted back and forth searching for the correct words. Probably something that didn't sound like fag or fairy. “Are you sure he can accept you? All of you?” he asked quietly.
Stane’s face darkened. His voice came out low and threatening. “Tony, I didn’t come here to waste time on pointless pursuits.”
“Maybe,” agreed Sam. “But that doesn’t mean you should go around punching things.”
“Well then,” Tony’s voice dropped and it was as if he was whispering a naughty secret in Steve’s ear. “You’ll have to let me pick up the tab for dinner the next time we go on a run. Just think about it Steve, pizza from Little Italy, a blanket, and the two of us under a dark starry night.
Steve groaned in frustration. “Tony! His name is Tony Something. He works as an engineer for you. He gave me a card with his number on it.” The card. Steve quickly dove into his jacket pocket. If he showed them the card, they would have to believe him. He reached into the breast pocket of his jacket, never loosing eye contact with the clerk. With desperate fingers he reached, but nothing was there. His fingers danced around the small space, desperately looking for it.
“Don’t take too long. Remember, we’re having dinner with Hammer Industries at the Plaza. And the discussion for the military contracts are coming up soon.”
“Can I say that? I mean, prohibition and all, but a guy’s gotta find a way to kick back and relax, you know? And if you think I’m bad now, you don’t want to even think about when I-”
"Tell me what you’re doing here or splatter your brains across the floor."
“Yeah,” Tony rasped. His heart beat like a drum in his chest as a dormant heat warmed his entire body. “Really good.”
“The coffee you made for me, what was it, two maybe three weeks ago?” Tony said, digging around the cupboard as if looking for buried treasure. “It tasted like blueberries and I wanted to show it off to some big wigs I need to impress.”
“Would this perchance be the railroad conductor you were talking about yesterday?” asked Thor, leaning up against the wall of their hiding spot.
The wolf huffed and settled behind Tony’s back. An open, warm, furry place for Tony to rest his head. So, Tony did.
“You ready?” asked Tony as the music swirled around them.
His vision narrowed as if he were talking to Stane face to face. “Obie, shut it down, right now,” he ordered.
“You sure these things are going to be safe? Doesn’t look safe.” Rhodey asked, examining a print. Only half of the engine-like piece was present on the paper. There were holes and pieces missing in the design, enough that if constructed by itself, it would explode when activated.
Steve smiled. “I don’t think I will. I’ve been wanting this since I met you in the forest.”
Tony let out a heavy sigh. He knelt down to the ground so he and his past self could look each other in the eye. “Look, kid," he said. "I’m sorry I yelled. I’m not mad at you. It’s just ... It's one thing to remember how I acted in the past and another to see it in person. Seeing you repeat my mistakes in front of my friends, mistakes that I've learned from, it's embarrassing. But I never should have taken my feeling out on you. So, sorry. I haven't been acting right and that's my fault. Not yours.”
Tony’s response was a heavy sigh. So much for his plans. If he didn’t want the company to go under because of a bad idea, he had to make sure there was still a company when he woke up in the morning. That meant making sure the tech Stane was working with never reached the market as well as last minute conversations with investors and other boring cardboard cutouts. God, retracting a patent was a nightmare. “Tell Jarvis to start equipping the lab for long nights. It doesn’t look like I’ll be leaving anytime soon and I’d rather not die of starvation.”
“As if you’re loud ass could sneak up on me, let alone land a hit," he said, sauntering in like he owned the place.
Now, I can finally see Age of Ultron! I'm so excited! As always, thank you kuailong for the beta! 25k! Woot! Never thought I'D make it this far.
“Just saying, you’re starting to show.”
“Hey Steve, what did you think your wedding would be like?”
You can find "A Tree in Rockefeller Center"
Steve began to panic. "We gotta know what we're dealing with here Falcon."
“I’m kidding,” Tony said with a lighthearted chuckle. “I put it on a hanger this morning. Should be in your closet.”
“Hard to miss the guy. But what does he have to do with Tony?”
“Should we tell him about Natasha?” asked Thor.
“But before we go any further, I have to ask, how do you like your jelly donuts?”
“Looking at the mess on their faces, I’m inclined to think you did,” Rhodey said, horror and awe coloring in his reserved voice.
Tony shook his head. “No. Not really?”
“This is going to haunt me for the rest of my life,” Tony muttered to himself. “Sure. Why not if it makes you happy. Not like I can tell Rhodey what to do with his money.”
“See. Cap likes it,” Tony said with the smuggest smile possible.
“It’s not really locked. It’s just a rumor we spread around so people don’t go looking where they’re not supposed to.” The look on her face told Tony that she didn’t believe a word he said.
“You will all suffer!” yelled Schmidt as he ducked for cover. “Germany will rise again! Cut off on head, two more shall take its place!” he called as he ran for safety.
Tony’s heart dropped. “Yeah,” he agreed. He had enjoyed their time together so much, it was a shame that it had to end so soon.
Steve’s hand slowed and stops a hair breath away from the metal casing. “Does it … hurt?”
Cling gave a weak salute as blood ran down over an injured eye. “Credit is all yours boss. New toy worked like a charm,” he said, showing off the portable crossbow strapped to his wrist.
“I would. And at the most inopportune time,” said Steve with a devilish smile.
“Of for Pete’s sake, Sam!” Steve was a hair's breadth away from reading him the riot act.
“Ow! Don’t be so rough.” Tony flinched in pain. Yeah, this was going to hurt like a motherfucker for a long time.
He put the sketch book down and took Tony’s hand in his. Steve began to rub his thumb back and forth over the soft skin. There was a pink flush in his cheeks as he chewed his lip, but Steve’s eyes were darting back and forth as if fighting a quiet, internal battle. He seemed nervous.
“You know what, never mind leaving you alive,” growled Rumlow as he straddled Tony’s hips. He pressed the muzzle of his pistol into the soft flesh of Tony’s temple. “Killing you now will be much more fun.”
Sam looked confused. “What? Like an acquaintance?”
“They liked it Tony!” yelled Stane. He could practically hear the wide grin stretching his face.
Steve chuckled. “Should I ask him? I think I’m a little too naked at the moment.”
“That’s because you’re not looking at the whole picture,” grumbled Tony, pushing the print in Rhodey’s hands against two other sheets of parchment paper, filling in the blanks and making the device perfectly safe. “Don’t you have any faith in me Rhodes? They’re modeled after mine, so you have nothing to worry about. Yours and Pep’s just happen to be a little more tricky because you don’t have a power source in your chest.”
The plan. The plan would be outright ruined. Whoever was smuggling weapons onto the streets would have a heyday with the amount of suddenly legal and valuable property curtesy of one Anthony Stark “outed fairy”. Forget the leak. Losing the company would break open the damn. His name would be more than ruined, it would be ventilated and throw to the bottom of the Hudson with only a pair of cement shoes for comfort.
The center was still warm. The dark taste of meat coated his tongue and Tony almost moaned. Fuck you Zeek and your weird antioxidant detox diet. No amount of kale essence tea could replace a good piece of red meat.
"I know, but really? This couldn't wait until tomorrow?” Or the day after? Any time other than this would have been much better than right now, just as he was about to deliver something very illegal.
shovel talk.’
“Who says super famous people don’t need sunglasses?” asked a voice from behind them.
Steve backed up a few paces, murderous rage in his eyes. He shook off the pain and ran toward Iron Man again, screaming for blood. Steve made contact with the suit shoulder first, but the suit was stronger than mortal flesh.
“I guess. I just didn’t expect it to be this much,” Tony said, looking around the living room. The small two-bedroom apartment wasn’t much to look at. Granted, it was a safe house, but still. No sofa. No TV.  Not even a nightstand with a Bible hidden away in one of the drawers. There was a dining table and a set of chairs in the living room. At the moment, it was covered in law books and micaceous paper. Documents of various importance covered every inch of the carpeted floor. If someone opened the door or turned on a fan, the entire room would become a tornado of chaos and flying papers.
“Not quite sure you’re gonna get that chance boss,” called Clint as he cocked an arrow. “They seem really intent on killing us for some reason.”
Tony tried to forget the ‘almost’ kiss as he made his way to the edge of their sanctuary of streetlight. If Hawkeye chose to alert Tony, now of all times, he need to be calm, collected, and a responsible boss, not a panicking mess about coming out as gay. “Steve, stay there,” his voice is still a bit shaky, but his assurance stabilized his warbling emotions.
Tony thought about the Hydra filth bleeding out in the back of Clint’s car. He thought about how sweet it would be to hear the man’s tortured screams in a few short hours. He thought about the man, begging for his life when face with Iron Man’s ‘special’ interrogation. Tony wouldn’t do give it, but he’d relish in the man’s pain until he breathed his last breath.
Tony cocked his head to the side. “ ‘That kind of company?’ What are you- Oh! You misunderstand. We don’t go around soliciting sex. The girls are here to remind you of home. Not the girl next door. The Red Cross hires women with degrees so they can engage you in a conversation. Not just… well, you know.”
“Propose, and yes. Do you have the ring?”
“Sure. It’s my job to keep good looking guys like you well fed,” Tony said with a wink.
Rhodey’s eyes suspiciously shifted to the side. “It made sense in the moment,” he mumbled in embarrassment. Yeah right. As if that wasn’t code for ‘I don’t approve of who you’re dating, so I’m going to give him a very
The plan was brilliant, and it was all thanks to Steve. Or, Steve's broken heater as was the case. It only took Tony a few hours to create the device before the plan was put into action. With a little help from Phil, God bless self-interest and capitalism, Clint was able to sneak into one of Hydra's better known hideouts under the guise of a heating repairman. Claiming to check on the local utilities for any broken parts, Clint had masterfully installed the device under Tony’s orders and gotten the hell out of dodge. By itself, it was perfectly safe, but the next time Hydra turned on the heat, the entire heating unit would burst into flames leaving a large burn mark on the wall that looked like the Iron Man Helmet. Guess the next time turned out to be sooner than later.
"Might also want to put a few extra eyes on the street and in the air if we want to have a clean run. Looks like we got some new neighbors moving in." Sam flashed a copy of the morning rag.
There’s a whistle off in the distance and reality hit him like a cold body on the floor. He can’t. He shouldn’t. And it broke his heart to pull away and plant his heels firmly on the cold wet ground. Events were coming to an impasse and he could barely stand the idea of Steve’s stiff body, frozen and fractured on the ground all because he chose this once not to be responsible.
“What?” Steve and Tony asked in stunned unison.
But Steve, being the stubborn bastard that he was, pushed back. He didn’t want to be protected and he wasn’t up for giving Tony the information that he was practically begging for. Tony’s plan backfired bad, and he ended up accidently spilling that he was involved in the Iron Family. Maybe there would have been some room for forgiveness if Steve hadn’t made the connection between the blasted newspaper Clint had plastered on his ‘thinking wall’ and the “toast” incident, but Steve was too smart for that. Tony really did like how smart Steve was, but leave it to him to find someone smart enough to put all the pieces together and outsmart him.
Sam shrugged. “Nothing like a little bet to improve comradely. I've got three whole dollars on the line Steve. At least ask him if he's interested.”
It was his story to tell, but he wouldn’t. It was Steve’s story as much as his and Steve had much more to lose than Tony ever would. Unless Steve spilled the beans first, Tony would take the secret touch with him to the grave.
Steve groaned, holding his head in his hands. What a stupid idea. Metal absorbing an impacting force was one thing. Metal against bone and pure stubborn stupidity was another.
"Sure," Tony agreed with a casual shrug.
“Imma wear my purple one today,” Morgan said as she hopped down off her father’s hip. “Do you know where it is?”
Tony’s mouth opened and closed like a fish for a few seconds. “I lied,” he finally said. “There’s nothing to see.”
The ceiling in the living room cracked. Dust and bits of insulation rained down on their heads. Furniture jumped up and down with each wave of energy. Something large shattered in the kitchen as the entire facility was engulfed in a blinding flash.
Tony let the idea roll around in his head for a bit. He quickly ran through possibilities, positives and negatives. It took him less than a minute to make up his mind.
“Never mind that.” Schmidt brushed aside the suggestion. “We’re on a time crunch. Get your men loading these guns onto the truck. And find someone to help me open these crates,” he said, pointing to an unusually long box. “I ordered a special gift for our dear friend, the Captain, and I want to make sure it works.”
and an eventual gift fic, "A Skate to Remember"
“Fine!” yelled Steve. He had had enough of this conversation and was determined to shut it down once and for all. “I'll take Tony on the run with me, and then I'll take Tony home. Everyone happy now?” he scanned this crew with hardened eyes, daring them to object to his final say.
“Do you not want me to?” she asked, tilting her head like a confused dog.
“Speaking of meetings,” interrupted Pepper. “A business friend from Boston came in unexpectedly and has requested lunch with you.”
“Jerk,” replied Bucky knocking their heads together. “Now, what’s say we get this food to people who need it before the bread gets any staler. Or, we can find some Hydra scum to knock around. You always feel better after that.”
“Wait! Steve I-”
For a moment, Tony had thought Steve had given up like any sane person. But Steve reached behind him and pulled something out of the shadows. He charged again, sharp shovel expertly raised in the air and aimed right at him. “Like hell we will!”
Steve’s lips curled up into a small smile as he got up from the couch. “I don’t know. I think it’s good. The Fridge Hall of Fame could use another addition.”
A cold breath caught in Steve’s throat, forcing him to stagger back. Shit. Thor was right. They weren’t alone.
Steve’s face flushed bright red. “Shut up,” he said, trying to hide his embarrassment. “Come down for breakfast when you’ve decided to be a mature adult.”
He swelled a little with pride. One of Tony’s inventions that wasn’t reliant on arc reactor tech or, more importantly, owned by the government.  A mounted crossbow that folded up to hide along the length of a person’s arm. Easily concealed by a thick enough sleeve, but getting the string to maintain the tension between rest and active combat was a hell of a problem to solve. Took twenty six prototypes and four hundred seventy three test dummies before Clint was satisfied with the results.
“If you did, I’d wonder if you had been replaced by an evil twin,” Steve muttered.
Damn, Steve could fight.
Fixing someone’s scooter by the looks of it. Pocket knife in hand with various tools sticking out of his pockets, Tony was the epitome of pure concentration. Without a hat, Steve got a good look at the disheveled brown hair, elegant against the plains of his head. His eyes were cool and focused as his tongue darted back and forth across his plump lips. Steve’s fingers began to twitch in anticipation. His eyes darted back and forth across the scene in front of him, breaking down all the little details that made this moment perfect. He needed to capture it. He needed to get it all down.
The next morning, same as before, Tony dragged a tray of meat out to the werewolf enclosure. The wolf had moved from the tree line toward the doggy door, but he still wasn’t comfortable enough sleeping in the open. Instead, he was sleeping under a large log within eyeshot of the doggy door. Unfortunately, the food from the prior day remained untouched.
Tony smiled. “But you love me anyway.”
to move?
Steve’s eyes snapped. There was no mistaking it. No way he misheard that memorable sound. Didn’t matter where he was or what he was doing, Steve would have recognized the voice immediately.
"I brought you a gift to keep you busy until I get back." Tony handed over the large present wrapped in the evening paper. The edges were a little damaged from the scrabble and some of the paper was tearing.
Steve shrugged and gave a vague grunt.
Bruce swore under his breath and ran a frustrated hand through his curly hair. “Think of it as an investment.  Loose a little now, gain a heck of a lot more later,” insisted Bruce. “The Iron Family is very busy at this point in time, and as much as you don’t care for War Machine, we were the only ones available to accommodate you per Iron Man’s request. Once we check your stuff with the other members of the inner circle, we can further discuss details regarding perchance and delivery date.”
“Tony, babe,” Steve said, his voice slowly breaking through the haze. “It’s okay. You’re safe. I’m here. He’s safe. We’re safe. Everything’s going to work out.”
“Maybe,” replied Tony with a shrug. “Not to dismiss Brooklyn’s hospitality, but it takes too long to get here.”
Just as he finished the shadows that accented Tony’s figure, he felt a tap on his shoulder. The kid remind Steve of what he was like when he was young, before the army. Skinny and short.
Steve let out a tired sigh, but Tony quickly canceled out Steve’s frustration with a peck on his lips. Steve gave Tony a pointed glare, but didn’t put up a fuss when Tony went back in for more. He reached a hand behind Steve’s head and threaded his fingers into Steve’s blond hair. Their lips locked. Steve hummed as he closed his eyes and leaned into Tony’s touch. Tony’s lips curled up into a smug smile. Point for him. Tony tried to pull their bodies closer together and haul Steve down into the sheets, but Steve was having none of it.
Steve tried again. “Ha wooh Rony. Woud uu rike to grow ro dinnerr?”
“Tony, focus.”
Steve had never met this guy before, but he knew that Steve was part of the Brooklyn Boys gang. That bit of information wasn’t common knowledge. Steve’s breathing slowed and his focus narrowed. This guy clearly wasn’t another Joe and Steve needed to be ready for whatever Joe threw at him. With a low, threatening voice, he tried to get to the bottom of it all. “What do you know and what aren’t you telling me?”
"Honestly, for a job like this, I don't even think the Black Widow could stand a chance again guys like this. For a job like this, we'll need everyone on board."
Tony shrugged. “I mean, it was kinda obvious. You guys weren’t particularly subtle about putting half a can of canned whipped cream over slightly caffeinated hot chocolate.”
Embedded in Tony’s chest was something akin to a lightbulb. A metal circle about the size of a can of beans sat squarely in the middle of Tony’s sternum. Silver wires ran round the circumference like filament making the metal glow bright blue. A white triangle sat in the center of the device and glowed with the strength of a hundred neon lights. A thin layer of glass covered the device and protected it from contaminants.
“Snap out of it Steve,” said the muffled voice as she dragged him away from Tony.
Thanks go to kuailong for the beta. It was great talking to you in person!
Bucky nodded. He approached the cage, weaving his fingers between the chain-link fence. This time Steve’s head shot up. Bucky smiled. “Hey, Stevie. Do you recognize me? It’s your best bud, Bucky.”
As Steve passed through the door, he gasped taking in the rich splendor of the lobby. The inside was just as eye catching as the outside. Spotless ivory and gold tile floors made the glowing columns rising along the walls, framing the room, looking absolutely magnificent. The ding of bronze elevators and people making small talk around rising streams of white smoke was a strange static that just added to the atmosphere.
Stane shook his head in disbelief. “Go ahead and get settled in Tony. I’ll tell Ms. Summers when the board meeting is. They’ll want to meet you eventually.”
Steve glared at the sign before ripping it off the wall. He gave a curt “Coming in,” before turning the knob and opening the door.
“It’s a job,” she said, seeming tired of the debate. “It’s a recon job and it pays. I just did a little extra research to see if we can’t take some of the goods. We can, so here we are.”
Steve barely noticed when Tony responded in an equally low voice. “Well, if there was anyone I'd want to be as my other half of a criminal power couple, I'd like it to be you.”
Steve gave him the best 'I'm getting tired of your bull shit, so just shut your face,' look that he could muster. "Winter Soldier, I need an increase in security at all times. Of our turf, collateral, and all other things that anyone might be interested in."
“Nope. Never murder. I’m way too smart to be caught for that,” Tony said with a wink. “But, I might have to turn you in for theft.”
He couldn’t have this sullied part of him paraded around like a prized cow. Not here. Not now. If his true colors were revealed the company would be taken away from him for good. Probably auctioned up at a ridiculously low price. His people would be out of a job, forced to hit the streets in horrid economic conditions. A high percentage would fall to suicide or the bottom of a bottle. That didn’t even take into account the plan.
“Like what you would like for lunch Mr. Stark?” she asked. Perfect save as always.
They sat in panting silence, both considering their options. Steve was so close to giving up. If Hydra had access to military grade weapons, it wouldn’t be long before the Brooklyn Boys were wiped off the map and down the Hudson.
“Steeeeeeve!” Tiny Tony was using both hands now to batter the door. “Wake up!”
The two covered their heads as the rata-tat-tat of Tommies ripped through the air. The cart barely acted as a protective barrier as wood splintered in the air and fruit exploded like bombs.
Steve slipped a hand between them and pressed a single finger to Tony’s lips. “Maybe later. Right now, I have plans.”
Steve let out an excited yip and began running around the enclosure like a puppy who just got a new toy.
“Barton is acting like a child,” Steve said, turning on the coffee machine. “Don’t worry yourself about it.”.
“Steve, why don’t you have a seat,” said Tony because enough was enough. It was time to get to the bottom of things.
Steve didn't bother looking  up from his sketch book. He was too busy trying to get the shape of the unknown face just right. "Anything to report solider?" He asked.
“No!” Pepper almost screamed in outrage. “If I did, I would have told you immediately.”
Looked like there was no ignoring this. “And the prize goes to Pepper Pots ladies and gents!” he said, putting down his tools and spinning around in his chair. “Brilliant deduction as always. I don't understand why your sex doesn't get more credit.”
plan didn’t work then, well, he better be ready to call in a cleanup crew because he wasn’t about to let nobody take those guns out scot free. He had worked too hard and they were too damn close to back down now.
Steve’s eyes drifted to the man on the floor. The dark red splotches on his face were already fading into a dark purple. Steve closed his eyes and took a few calming breaths. As useless as he felt about Bucky’s situation, Steve knew Tony was right. No point in trying to get information like this. “Yeah,” he muttered under his breath. “Let’s go.”
“Well I’m saying we can!” Steve insisted. The less the Brooklyn Boys got others involved, the better. It was their fight. Not Tony’s, not the Iron Family; their fight against Hydra. Bringing in civilians or other outside help would be dishonorable and paint a target on innocent heads. Steve would never be able to live with himself if his actions put Tony in harm’s way.
“Yes, mom,” Tony said with a level of sass a teenager would envy.
Silent looks passed between the other Avengers. Without another word, Vision and Wanda picked up their things and moved to the living room. Natasha was the only one brave enough to stay.
“It’s Saturday,” said Tony as he bounced up and down on the balls of his feet. “Jarvis makes me pancakes on Saturday. Well, he did. But the computer says he’s dead. And he’s a computer now! So, since he’s not around, you should make me pancakes.”
Steve felt the heat of the explosion before he heard the click of dangerous chemicals mixing. He threw his arms up for protection at the last second, but it did little good in terms of protection. Heat from the explosion singed the palms of his hands. The sheer force of the blast threw him off his feet and into a tower of containers, knocking the wind out of his lungs.
The grunt hissed through gritted teeth. “Not sold. A gift so Hydra can peruse our righteous purpose.”
“What do you mean bed soon… Wait. What time is it?” Tony looked out the window. The afternoon sun was gone. Bright stars lit up the night sky. The sound of cars racing down the highway had diminished to a whisper. Coulson’s snores from the other room rattled the mostly empty bottles of beer on the kitchen island.
Bruce looked over at the older Tony. He played with his glasses as he tried to come up with a solid answer. “Weeks if we’re lucky. More likely months if not a year. We don’t want to cause a paradox.”
“So, where should we start?” asked Steve.
But that all changed during the spring festival.
Steve snorted. He buried his head in Tony’s chest and tried not to show how worried he truly was. End of the word. Only Tony could casually joke about something like that.
Steve felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. He tried to sift through the pros and cons from a neutral position, but the answer had been clear long before the discussion of sexuality or money was brought up. Pulling out of the huddle, he faced Dr. Banner with steel determination. “We’ll take it.”
As Steve stormed out of the room and down to the street, Tony’s head spun with what to do next.
The warning resonated in his head like an annoying echo that wouldn’t shut up. Was anything Phil said true? Had to be. If it wasn’t, why would he seek Steve out in the first place? But that would be insane if what Phil said was true. Tony was an engineer fresh from another state. It would be impossible to stir up trouble within the few weeks Tony had lived in New York. Wouldn’t it? Of course it would! Tony was an amazing guy, so why would Phil of all people care to say anything? This wasn’t his fight and his people weren’t on the line. It would be Steve and Tony who would be the center of any fallout, so why should Phil care?
Steve raised a concerned eyebrow. “Are explosions are regular thing for you?” he asked, feeling something between concern and an unfounded endearment.
“Dammit Steve. Will you just calm down and listen for one second! I’m trying to tell you something!” yelled Tony as he staggered backwards. The vibrations from the hit were doing nothing for his balance.
“T – To- ny,” a small voice came from the rubble. Steve’s shaky arms tried push up against the weight of his body, but it was too much. His arms gave out and Steve flopped back down, sending up a large puff of dust. He turned on his side, eyes still closed, moaning, “Tony.”
“Why didn’t you make it official?”
That’s how Obie found him, tangled up in a knotted mess of wires, loud and crazy jazz bellowing out of his gramophone. Admist the mess, Tony could faintly hear Obie trying to be yell over the loud music. Tony ignored him. He had gotten really good at it over the years. The unconventional jazz helped with that too.
“Well, in that case, why don’t we stop by Macy’s before we head home,” Steve suggested. “Get you some real clothes that fit. Don’t want you feeling uncomfortable during your stay.”
“Shut up, Clint!”
The universe didn’t let them have many moments like this. Peaceful moments. Tony’s life as a billionaire, their lives as superheroes and celebrities didn’t allow such simple things. They were always in the spotlight. Somewhere to go, something to do, someone to save, someone watching them, someone taking pictures of their very PG relationship and selling it to TMZ as something scandalous. Anxiety-free peace and quiet was a priceless luxury, one that Tony planned to savor.
When Tony’s attacker finally slumped to the ground and didn’t try to get up, Steve whirled to face him. “Can you run?” he wheezed. His lips were cracked and his face was flushed. Spatters of blood decorated his face like bright red freckles.
“No!” Steve swiftly pulled the drawing out of reach. “It’s private. My practice pieces are always private.”
Steve’s pulse raced with adrenaline. Breaking lights and gathering an army right outside a warehouse of discarded technology; that definitely didn’t seem like the type of thing a person on the straight and narrow would do. Crooks shattered lights to hide what they were doing and to make a statement. Whoever was on the other sided of the door, shattering the fragile filaments, Steve had no desire to meet them face to face.
Bruce looked up from where he was working on patching up Rhodey with what little medical supplies they had on hand. Catching Tony’s eye, Bruce looked down at Barnes and shook his head in uncertainty.
“What? No,” Tony sputtered. “My ego’s not that big.”
“That look!” Rhodey pointed to his face. “That stupid happy look like you’re a dog in front of a butcher shop drooling over the cold cuts.”
This wasn’t… It couldn’t be.
The chair clattered to the ground and the man took off like a shot straight for the door. Steve’s mind went blank, but his body knew exactly what to do.
Peter pulled open the kennel door. A huge brown and grey werewolf barreled out of the cage and into the gated enclosure. He snarled, spit dripping from between his teeth as he chomped at the empty air. His fur was raised, his teeth bared, his dark blue eyes darted right and left looking for the creature who shoved him into that tiny cage. But there were no other creatures in the enclosure.
Instead of answering, Steve choose to nuzzle his face against Tony’s, sniffing around for any other wounds that needed licking.
“Steve?”
“I thought,” Steve started, trying to get a grip on the situation. “I thought that Iron Man had kidnapped you and was going to kill you,” Steve said, rubbing his thumb against Tony’s jaw line. It feels strange to have the gentle touch muted by the short well-kept beard. Not a bad strange. The good kind of strange. The kind of strange that had him cupping a metal clad glove over Steve’s hand as Tony leaned into the touch. “I thought I’d had to come save you before it was too late.”
“Only the ones I’m interested in.” And didn’t that just come out as easy as water on his lips.
“Boss?”
Tony raised his hands and turned around slowly, trying his hardest to seem non-threatening. However, it was hard to look non-threatening when wearing a bright red and gold metal suit. “Steve, calm down. We can talk this out.” The tinny sound of his voice echoing around the metal helmet didn’t sound the least bit calming.
“The breadline? Really?” The surprise in her voice was genuine. But so were the frustrated mutters along the lines of, “I told him I could scout out the other territories myself.”
“Favor for your doll?” And where had he heard that before?
Tony thought about it. “Doesn’t matter,” he muttered, sealing off the circuit. “It’s about to become a non-issue anyway.”
Steve gets ready for a rum run, but just as they're about to leave he finds a surprise at his doorstep.
Steve barked a laugh and then quickly covered his mouth. “Yes,” Steve said, trying to suppress his smile. “Yes, my name is Steve.”
“Hey, Steve?”
But for now, he tried to make the best of a bad situation. “Yeah, startling as it may be, I’m not dad. And right now, I have no desire to make weapons. And until I can be sure that my weapons won’t fall into the wrong hands, I’m shutting down weapons production until further notice. ” If he was going to commit, might as well go all the way.
Sorry I haven't updated in over half a year. Things got really crazy over the last few months. First off, I wrote a fic for the cCap-Iron Man Revers Big Bang
“Ms. Potts,” Stane greeted Pepper with a smile.
The man looked over at Jan spinning circle around a young soldier, but he made no move to go to her. “I’m not really into dancing. Got two left feet.”
“Ugh,” groaned the kid. “That’s even worse!”
“Out,” he said brusquely, donning the jacket. “I need some air.”
So, that’s what they did. Steve waited outside the door for what felt like days. Someone handed him a mug of coffee, but he didn’t drink it. Steve didn’t want to take his eyes off the door even for a second just in case something happened. He vaguely felt the warm burn of the coffee mug in his palm, but Steve couldn’t be bothered to pay it any mind. The only thing on Steve’s mind was Bucky. Bucky’s face truing pale with each passing second, the trail of blood leading from the car to the doctor’s office, the memory made Steve’s stomach churn but he couldn’t stop thinking about it. It just kept playing in his mind like a broken record. Blood and pain over and over and over and over and over and over-
"Dammit Donald! I thought I told Jane to talk to you about this," Bucky said, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
Tony laughed. “I’d like to see you try, kettle.”
“You expecting something?” asked Bucky, crossing his arms in suspicion. Apparently he didn’t get the notice that antagonizing the customer was a bad idea. Rule went double when dealing with mafia families. Went triple when dealing with mafia families insane enough to have robots at the head.
There wasn’t a moment to spare. Forget the port authorities. Forget the Avengers. Forget SHIELD. Captain America was alive and Tony needed to get him out. Now.
“Ouch,” Bucky winced. “Nothing we can do about that. We got Jane’s place as clean as they come. How much we loosing?”
“Watch yourself champ,” Tony said, peeking out through his fingers. “The list of things I like is short, and you can be knocked down at any time.”
“Don’t worry, I’m on the same page,” said Wanda.
“You’ve got someone on your mind Tones. Someone special.”
Steve bristled. “If you so much as hurt him-”
Tony chuckled. “Of course you are. You’re a Viking, Steve. Vikings are resilient enough to live through the coldest of winter, the hottest of summers, and a pollen season so bad that even the trees turned to gold. Vikings are stubborn enough to drag their entire family’s armory down to the forge so the local blacksmith can buff out a scratch that’s barely there. And Vikings, or at least one in particular, are gentle enough to hold a man’s heart in their hands without crushing or marring the surface.”
“We did,” they said in unison.
There it was again, just like good old dad, pulling out the nationalists card to make their job a little easier. Didn't matter that the Great War was behind them and world peace was on the horizon. There would always be an excuse to make and sell weapons. As long as the world spun and people fought, people would need weapons to fight for their right to survive. And as much as it pained him at this stage in his life, as much as he didn't want to do it (not now, not yet), it was what was required of him. It's what the company needed. And Tony was needed here. Well, that and the other reason. But Obie didn't need to know that.
“That’s none of your concern.” Tony immaturely replied.
Tony poured two drinks; one water, one whiskey, before splashing some of the clear liquid onto the towel. Steve wrinkled his nose as the sharp scent filled the air. The smell of strong vodka was hard to avoid in such a small office.
Tony reached up and grabbed the back of the kid’s shirt. The kid landed in Tony’s lap, and that’s when things started to go haywire.
We got about five more chapters left of unknown length left in this sinker. Sorry for the wait guys, but if I can persist, we're in for one hell of a ride.
“Rum runners?” supplied Tony. Steve looked like he was having trouble finding the right word. His heart fluttered at Steve’s embarrassment, and Tony quickly smothered the tiny thought that Steve looked cute when he was at a loss for words. “You said you weren’t getting much work as an artist. It would make sense that you found another way to subsidize your income. Don’t blame you. Could be involved in a lot worse. Like organized crime. Or gang wars.”
“Are you sure?”
(See the end of the chapter for
But just as Steve was about to take Tony’s cock in hand and rub him awake, a sharp, insistent knock came from the other side of his door.
A single wooden door separated their small storage/meeting room from the rest of the large warehouse, and while they couldn't use it during working hours, at night it was theirs to roam freely about. They could easily have meetings in a larger space and store whatever they needs without any questions. As long as they didn't do anything too crazy, rent was reasonable and the owner was appeasing to their activities. It was close enough to their apartment that late night outings didn't cause much of a stir, but far enough that they had reason to play dumb if anything happened. Large enough to hide vehicles for rum runs, but inconspicuous enough that a few extra cars weren't noticed or missed.
“They’re preparing Jericho.”
“Don’t say things like that,” said Bruce. “You may have done a lot of bad to get where we are, but you’ve done a lot of good too. Look at me. Look at what you’ve done for the family. You provide opportunities to those who many never get them in a lifetime. How many other employers or bosses give black people or women the same amount of respect and money as everyone else?”
Steve turned to Tony; large, blue, expectant eyes looking for approval. “Well, Tony?”
Happy rolled his eyes. "What's the idea boss?"
“A bomb, that’s what,” Tony summarized, not interested in explaining the details. “Help me get your friend out of here so we can get him some medical attention.”
Rhodey pointed to a dark shadow behind Steve. Sure enough, the young boy was cowering behind Steve’s legs like a caged rat. He held onto the doll with both hands, pinning it to his chest like a cross to ward off evil.
Stane’s grin was wide as a across his taught face. “Well, I expect to see a wedding invitation in my mailbox within the next few months.”
Despite Steve’s sputtered words of protest, Tony sat himself down, made himself at home amongst the clutter, and started taking apart the heater, tuning out anything that wasn’t related to the mechanical wiring.
“Go on in,” urged Sam, with a gentle nudge. “I’ll stay here. Going through the colored entrance will only slow you down.
“It means I have a chance a better chance of taking down that idiot than I thought,” Tony muttered with quiet determination as he attempted to fix the broken gauntlet. Tugging at a few wires for a little slack, his mouth began to run with ideas. “If I can successfully bypass the damage that your friend did, I can get off about 1.73 shots for every one of his. Give or take two or three points for human error. Gives me a couple extra seconds to duck out of danger if I can’t disable the arm in one hit. But, given the blast radius-”
Steve could only smirk. “Punk”
Natasha nodded, understanding the gravity of what the Brooklyn Boys were about to do. Turning so she was crouched down on the balls of her feet, she did one last inspection of the lit path.
“Me? No,” the man brushed off the comment like it was nothing. “Parents were Italian and Spanish. Hence the soft leather skin,” he said with a mischievous eyebrow waggle that made Steve want to laugh. “You’ll get none of that religious bigotry from me.”
“Wow… um… thanks,” Tony stammered. Very much at a loss for words. His entire face felt sunburnt. “You’re pretty swell, too, Steve.”
“But don’t got around telling people that, okay?”
He let out a deeply tired sigh and turned away from his friend. “Don’t know what he saw in me to draw me so good. Guess I’ll never know now.”
Taking his chance, Tony leapt out from his hiding place and started firing at the faceless goons cowering behind wooden crates. They put up a good fight, but small handguns were no match compared to the Iron Family’s custom made weapons. A lot of his shots missed, but they were close enough that it seemed to be scaring the living shit out of them. Even with one repulsor, he had them cowering for cover.
Clint noticed immediately and, being the mature man child that he was, he couldn’t leave things there. Tony just walked off with his morning Joe! Revenge was the only logical option.
‘Anybody that’s not me? Anyone that’s not a runt?’ Steve didn’t say.
“Like what?”
Rhodey shook his head. “Not that kind of special.”
Rhodey stared at Tony, mouth agape. “Wow. I remember you had a couple posters in college, but this is something else. You weren’t kidding when you said you were obsessed with Captain America as a kid. I thought it only went as far as the custom-made costume.”
“Is this good?” Steve asked.
Steve shivered at the image. The longer his imagination dwelt on the possibilities, the worse it got for Tony. What if Iron Man wasn’t so merciful? What he if did more than torture? Steve could go back for him right now. Rescue him like a knight in shining armour.
Steve glared at Bucky and Clint “This all stops, now. And you tell Tony any of this, I will personally make your life a living hell.”
“Shit,” he cursed, “I’m going after him.”
Steve smiled. “Sounds like a date.” The words slipped out so easy, but by the time Steve realized what he said, it was too late.
Steve shivered at the image. The brave, fearless fighter that he had gotten to know in the cold north amidst the insane Russian revolution, reduced to a nameless pretty face for men to get off to. He could see how that life could leave something to be desired. Still didn’t settle the feeling in his stomach that what she was doing was wrong.
The phone on the desk rang, breaking the tension between them. Tony marched over to the receiver and picked it up before the third ring.
“Um hum,” the kid hummed with a content smile. “I dreamt that there was a dragon outside my house. Everything was on fire and I was really scared, but you came in and saved me.”
“I’m going to talk to Steve,” he said, voice quiet but confident. “I’m going to clear up this whole fucking mess, and then we’re going to go home as a family and get ourselves rip roaring drunk.”
“Can you just stay there for a minute?”
Well that wasn’t the reaction Tony wanted Steve to had when he revealed what he did for work. “I didn’t make all of it,” Tony embarrassedly muttered. “Whoever modified it used my basic design, but it’s a Frankenstein of parts now. I barely recognize it.”
Steve let out a tired sigh. “It is, and I’d very much hate to see it get blown up.”
“It’s… in my room,” said Steve, still a little shaken that the jig was up. “I don’t trust the team not to mess with my beans and… how… do you know about that?”
Tony snorted. “That’s an accomplishment.”
Tony gave it as good of a once over as he could. Didn’t look like much to him. Just a bunch of pointless paperwork crudely filled in with an unconfident mess that some might call a signature. But, Pepper was the one who had done the research. If she called it a duck, you bet your pretty bonnet Tony would call it a duck too. “You think it’s our mole?” he asked, giving it back to her. “You think we can finally end this charade?”
“Hi,” Tony said.
Steve quietly laughed at the quip as he raised his glass. “Cheers,” he proposed. “To a new job and new opportunities.”
“Tony!” Steve called ahead, hoping that he hadn’t passed out. The blood stains on the ground and the stark white wall were the first thing he noticed. The second thing he noticed was that Tony was nowhere in sight.
Tony let out a nervous breath as he closed the box and handed it back to his daughter. This was it. Today was the day. And they were going to do it together.
Yeah, like that wasn’t code for ‘business is going belly side up, and I have no clue what I’m going to do.’ Tony threw his hands up in defense, acting as nonchalant as possible. “Okay. Fine, guess I won’t refer you to one of my friends who's looking to get a little something extra for his big shindig.”
“You heard the man,” said Sam. “Let’s get moving.”
“Why is this ‘Steve’ so important?” asked Stane.
Steve looked at his best friend, covered in dust and rubble, and tried to nod. They had been through much worse in the service, but seeing Bucky once again battered and covered with the remains of war, it shook Steve right out of it.
It only made sense. Tony couldn’t have a rabid werewolf terrorizing the other mythical creatures in his rehabilitation center. First of all, that was just bad ethics and he could get sued for that. Second, this werewolf was a special case and he needed to be treated with the utmost care.
Tony groaned in exhausted apathy. “You have a meeting with Victor this evening. We’ll talk when you get back.”
“And face her wrath when shit like this happens and you bleed out? I’d very like my balls intact for various recreational activities.”
“Because Ms. Summers just gave me a rec report for an unlabeled shipment to be delivered to 6-16 within the next week,” she said, handing said requisition request into his shaky hands.
She gave a light sigh, as if humouring a child. “I am,” she said.
“No, it’s not
“Would I like to go to-” Tony’s cheeks burned like a furnace. He had only meant to rehabilitate this poor creature and- God, how was this his life?
“Bucky,” Steve murmured as Thor escorted him into the back of the van so he could sit with Bucky. “He’s in so much pain…”
“Something along those lines,” Cling said in a deadpan voice as he let go of another arrow.
Steve looked at Tony. He wanted to believe him. Tony’s power was real and his conviction was contagious. But fixing a broken heart was different than mending a damaged arm. Could he do it? Steve wanted to believe him. He wanted to trust him. The question was, could Steve do that after everything that’s happened to them? After all the lies and deceit on both sides, could Steve Rogers really trust Tony Stark?
“And I’m telling you it’s not an excuse. I’m fine.”
Tony spat at the man, relishing his anguish. “I’ll take care of you later, you piece of shit.”
“Freak,” Tony’s voice was on the verge of shaking into a million pieces. “Need a pick up, now.”
“Have you heard him? Charismatic fucker.”
Tony closed his eyes and let out a heavy sigh of relief. “It’s fine. Mistakes happen. Just be careful, okay?”
“My assistant,’ replied Tony. “My paper pusher. My hands and legs when they aren’t available because I’m busy being a genius. My ‘get stuff done’ lady when I’m too busy otherwise.”
He had decided it after their drink. After their almost kiss. Being with Steve, being close to Tony, it was too dangerous. It was too dangerous for business, and it was too dangerous for Steve. Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Jarvis, Clint, and Bruce, they all knew what they signed up for when they joined him. But Steve, he was innocent. And he would have no choice but to become guilty if he and Tony became, well, more. Tony couldn't let that happen to Steve, he wouldn't let that happen to Steve. Having a couple sips of prohibition, that was one thing. Associating with an active mob boss as he terrorized the New York underground and fit men for their pine box overcoat, that was something else entirely. It would be in his best interest to keep him at a distance. And that meant no more visits. Just a “goodbye” for closure and that would be it.
The iceberg shattered like a mirror. Fragments broke off and fell down to the dark ocean floor. But one particular fragment remained intact.
It was a nice enough place: a Victorian style window on the right hand side, wooden stairs that led up to a bright red door on the left. The place looked perfectly normal. But something felt off. Locals avidly avoided looking at the shop and found reason to quicken their pace as they walked past. Men and women were a bit shifty on the corners of the street, and the local brats were playing kick the can two alleys over instead of in the streets and in the way of traffic.
Steve inspected the stranger. Basic observations, nothing more. Average height for a male. Steady scruff of hair along the jawline (ruled out mafia. Mafia weren't allowed facial hair). A little shifty, but didn’t look like the trouble makin’ variety. Shifty like those who just came off the boat lookin’ for a better lot in life.
Steve was breathing hard. He was out of breath and running out of tricks. “Sam, we have to.”
Sam’s hands stilled. The tap squeaked as he turned off the water. He was waited for Steve to say something else or claim it was all just a joke. But Sam knew Steve like he knew the back of his hand. He knew Steve wasn’t joking about this.
“What?” asked Sam, looking too offended for someone who did wrong “It’s true.”
This was exactly the type of thing he was trying to prevent by confiscating and dismantling every last Jericho missile in existence, and he had failed. He had failed, on the most basic level, to keep people safe, and this was the consequence.
A breath caught in Steve’s throat. Tony was closer now than ever. Steve could only watch as Tony’s pink tongue wet the snow white handkerchief. White cloth darkened to gray as the strong fingers held the damp cloth against his face. It didn’t feel slimy and weird like when his mom did it. It was warm, and nice. The dilation of Tony's eyes as they floated across Steve's face. Tony’s breath against his. Steve’s chest migrated closer to Tony, as if pulled by an unknown magnetic force. God, it would be so easy. It wouldn't even take that much to lean a bit closer and-
He didn’t look the least bit attractive, yet Steve’s hands turned clammy as he took in the sight of his boyfriend. His heart beat loudly in his chest and his lips suddenly felt dry. That confession must have done something to him, because Steve felt like he was falling in love all over again. “Good morning Tony.”
Another bite, another nip pushed the fight away from Tony and deeper into the tree line.
Steve would not buy into self-serving goading. But it never hurt to tease. “Well-”
“Show me?” asked Tony, already reaching for the sketch.
The machine whirled down as the light recharged. But the peace didn’t last long. With a forward jerk, War Machine shouldered a daunting weapon and began sending rounds into the darkness of the warehouse.
“No, I was listening. It’s just… Coulson seems like a very pragmatic kind of guy. None of the fluff, all of the facts. And that’s good considering I’ve been, in essence, dead for years and need to catch up really quick. But I feel like some of the important details are missing. Does that make sense? Like, why is it that I trust people who I’ve never met and the only person I feel safe with is you? How is it that I feel like I’ve known you all my life and yet I’ve never met you? How do we know each other? How did we meet?”
He held her close, taking in the familiar scent as memories from before surged in his mind. The crunch of Russian snow under their feet. Cold north air burning the inside of their warm lungs. The sharp scent of heat from bullets whizzing in the air. Good memories of Russia. “You have no idea how good it is to see a friendly face,” he confessed into her shoulder.
Sam didn’t believe him. “Bullshit!” he said, reaffirming his grip on Steve’s pulsating body. He pushed down at just the right spot for pain to replace red anger. Sam moved his face down so all Steve could focus on was the black face opposite his. “Now I can either hold you down all day, or you can calm the fuck down and tell me what the hell is going on.”
“I know, right. I shouldn’t be putting up with this shit, but I just… I don’t know. I’m trying but… It’s really hard to find a decent guy.
“We going with the Gandor turf?” asked Clint.
A peppering of gunshots crackled through the air.
of a car speeding off faded into the distance. Grey and brown dust floated around, suspended in the tense atmosphere.
Before he realized it, Tony was rushing over to Steve’s side. “It’s okay Steve. I’m right here,” Tony said, trying to console his friend with a reassuring touch.
Tony had only seconds to realize his mistake when a small disk embedded itself into the left arm of the armor. A familiar tick, tick, boom and wave of exploding heat sent Iron Man stumbling back into the dust-covered boxes.
Steve’s stomach sank. He wanted to shake Tony and tell him it wasn’t true. There were other people in his life just as important as Steve. Maybe it would take a few years, but he’d find them eventually. He’d find people who cared about him, appreciated him, saw genius and heart despite the cocky front he put on. People that loved him. People that missed him. People that Steve was keeping Tony from meeting if they didn’t get him back soon.
Rhodey tapped his chest, right over the arc reactor would be.
“I wanted to grow up to look like Captain America. You look nothing like him.”
Steve whirled around, looking for clues. “Tony?” Steve yelled into the darkness. He couldn’t have gotten that far. Could he? Tony said he would stay put. Could he have gotten kidnapped? No signs of a struggle and there was a lack of a blood trail, but that didn’t mean anything if Tony had passed out. “Tony!” Steve began to panic.
Steve tried for a few shots, but they ricocheted off the car. “Charismatic, yes. Doesn’t change the fact that he's absolutely insane.”
“They’re getting away boss.” Clint’s voice snapped Tony out of his lusty haze.
“Are you kidding? If I was into paintings I would absolutely hire you. You should have your own exhibit.”
“Because if he wakes up, we don’t want him to be armed and I sure as hell ain’t going into a gun fight without a weapon,” Steve said, pulling back the safety with a satisfying “click”
“Don’t look you idiot,” Jan said, physically shoving him Tony the back of the food truck. “He’ll see you.”
Across the aisle separating the two families, Steve screamed bloody murder. “I’m gonna make your rich ass face lick pavement when I’m done with you.”
She sighed. “Just try not to kill him when the penny drops. I rather like my job.” The elevator came to a halt at one of the top floors. As the doors quietly opened, she leaned over and whispered, “Also, under the façade, he really is a good guy. An over the top mad genius, but a good guy. I know it’s not my place, but if you’re interested, give him a chance. You really make him happy.”
“Brooklyn Boys; our mission is to get in those vehicles and get out any of those weapons they got stashed away. Swing around the sides, get what you can, and get out fast. The Iron Family is on crowd control, but that doesn’t mean there won’t be stragglers.”
"I'm sure," said Steve with a smile. "After all, he game me his number." That got a relaxed smile out of Tony and didn’t that give Steve the nicest buzz.
Tony squinted as he rubbed his head. “I … remember being jealous and mad. Why was I mad? Something inappropriate and embarassing …”
Tony turned his head and his heart skipped a beat. There he was, right behind him. Captain Steve Rogers of the Howling Commandos was looking at him with eyes so big and blue Tony felt like he could drown in them. Steve bit down on his lip. His pump, pink lips were so close and so tantalizing that Tony could barely suppress the growing need in his stomach to tilt his head and kiss those perfect lips.
“Fuck Steve. I don’t fucking know.” The only thoughts going through Tony’s head were ‘fuck’, ‘Steve’, and ‘now.’
“Steve, I’m fine,” Tony insisted. He tried to push the makeshift bandage away despite how heavy his tongue felt.
The wolf huffed as he licked the last bit of sausage juice off his lips.
Bucky announced his presence with a subtle huff, and this time, Steve paid attention. He looked up from his digging, growled at Bucky, and then pounced.
“Big assumption there,
Iron Man’s arms waved back and forth, trying to find something to hang on to. His hand grazed the side of something solid. Praying for something sturdy enough to support him, Tony made a desperate grab for the beam. He missed and fell down to the floor with a loud crash.
“This is… This is just… wow,” Written across the dirt in small symbols looked like a display from a body. There were numbers, calculations. Short hand words scattered about the ground. Sketching of parts and pieces broken down and magnified. Details written in numerical code. To Steve, this wasn’t just scribbles on the ground. This was a new form of art that he didn’t understand. And it was pure genius in every captivating stroke.
Night after night he appeared in Steve’s dreams, nothing more than a shadow of a man. Night after night, he’d welcome Steve with open arms, repeating those words over and over in a voice Steve knew but couldn’t place. “I love you. I will always love you.” And every time Steve had this dream, he walked into that embrace and tried to remember.
Sam pointed to the left. Specks of red decorated the floor like breadcrumbs. There were a few large drops of blood, but something had dragged through them like a paintbrush. Something large. Something heavy. Something Steve could punch.
‘No, it wasn’t,’ Tony’s subconscious supplied. He knew firsthand the damage that Jericho could do. And that one was contained in a brick building. Setting it off in a wide open area like this, well, the difference in damage was clear as day.
But first, they had to part on good terms so Steve could see that Tony wasn’t the bad guy. His present of art supplies somehow didn’t feel like it was enough. They were nice, but it still left him feeling unsettled. What else could he do besides straight up giving the guy money? Wait… Now there was a thought.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and shoved the fruit into his mouth in one go. His faces soured as he ate the strawberry, grimacing with each crunch.
“Awooo. Awoooh,” Steve tried to say.
Happy Halloween Month!
Pepper pulled alongside in Clint’s crappy Ford. “You two in the car with me,” she said, looking at Sam and Thor. “Boss is in the van. Not enough room for all of you, so we’ll meet up back at the base.”
Right on schedule, Tony shuffled into the kitchen and grabbed the nearest cup of coffee. Everyone watched on baited breath as Tony took a sip, licked off the whipped cream mustache, hummed, and then walked out of the kitchen none the wiser.
“Don’t I always?”
“Where do you think you’re going?” Apparently Pepper wanted to continue their regularly scheduled program, but Tony wasn’t in the mood for it today.
“I’m fine! Keep going.” he called back. The last thing he needed was his crew slowing down and getting caught. They needed to get gone, but as the leader, Steve needed to know what they were dealing with.
Tony swam around the iceberg and saw a WW2 bomber plane also trapped in the ice. Nazi Germany by the looks of it. Large. Probably carrying enough bombs to level a city. Poor guy must have died in the line of duty to bring it down. Quite a feat for one man. He didn’t deserve to go out like that.
“Iron Family, Brooklyn Boys: battle stations!” rallied Steve. “You know what to do.”
“You’re distracted every day,” Steve said. “I know we’re both busy workaholics, but I get lonely, too, sometimes. When was the last time we just spent time together without talking about work?”
Steve’s heart dropped. How many times had Tony been criticized for pouring his heart out? “Tony,” his voice tried to reach out to where his hands couldn’t. “I don’t think anyone who could make something like this could have something I wouldn’t like to see.”
“Don’t be,” said Steve. There was a hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth. “I fell in love with your heart. Not a program. It’s just going to take a bit for us to relearn each other. That’s all. You guys are similar like that. Your brains, your humor, your heart, none of that has changed.”
With the press of a button, Pepper removed her helmet so she could give him the familiar glare of disbelief.  Nothing needed to be said. The two had done this same song and dance enough times that they had memorized each other’s lines.
“What the? What are you doing? Get out of there. It’s not safe.”
Natasha did that little half smile thing that she did whenever she was being clever. “And what if it is?” she asked, an amused lit in her voice. “We redheads have to stick together.”
“Just make sure you limit past you’s exposure to future technology. And don’t touch your younger self,” warned Bruce. “We don’t know the effects of AIM’s experiment yet. Will you fade because of the paradox? Are we in a stable time loop? Did the timeline break when he came here? The universe as we know it isn’t falling apart. Seems to be fine when he interacts with people or things. However, we don’t know if the knowledge he’ll take back will change things or what will if you guys interact with each other. Talking seems safe, but if you guys touch for more than a few seconds it could cause a time paradox.”
What about Tony? What happened to him? Steve hadn’t seen Tony in the breadline on Tuesday, and he waited until noon just in case Tony was running late. Did he run late? Did he come at all? Maybe Steve had read Tony wrong. Maybe Tony wasn’t interested. Maybe Tony was just being nice. Maybe Tony was busy trying to find work like the rest of New York. Maybe Tony was right in front of him.
“There won’t be anything to discuss unless we get this guy on a table stat!” Tony lashed out in rage. “Get your ass in gear and let’s get going!”
“You weren’t there!” Tony screamed as bloody memories flashed in his mind. “You weren’t there when they burned those innocent kids to get to me. You’re weren’t there to choke on the smell of smoke and blood as their screams of pain became my nightmares. You weren’t there to dig out the mangled bodies of kids that had their whole fucking life in front of them, and hand over the remains to their parents as they cried on their porch step.”
Tony wanted to ask if she would be okay. Pepper handled a lot of his dirty work: clothes, schedule, people, female guests, occasional male guests, but dead and almost dead bodies… Clint usually took care of those. But they didn’t have the option now. If the bodies hadn’t been taken care of by now, it was necessary. Iron Man was too far up the chain of command to get his hands dirty like this, and War Machine and Hawkeye were down for the count. It had to be her. Tony had every confidence that Rescue could handle the job, but the person inside the suit. The person burred under the persona. Pepper.
Steve tried to gulp down the disappointment. “Yeah. I guess. Bye Tony.”
“No, I don’t want the arm going out in the next shipment. Who the hell even authorized that? ” Tony yelled into the phone. He listens to the person on the other end of the line, stress pulling the back of his rumpled dress shirt into a tight line. Tony lets out a sigh, undoubtedly fed up with the train of events. “I understand. I’ll get right on it.”
They took a few calming breaths before Natasha pressed her small elbow against Steve’s side.
Steve blinked and stepped in shock. The weight of the words drenching his defensiveness with ice water. “Your family?”
“Hey mini me. You sleep okay?” asked Tony.
“You sure? No one will think any less of you if you sit this one out.”
“Rhodey,” Tony interrupted, his voice already testy. “I’m a grown man,” he said, pushing down the urge to shoot his best friend in the face with a very strong repulsor blast. “I can take care of myself, thank you very much.”
The song that Tony was listening to is by Dizzy Gillespie. He began his career in the mid to late 1930's, but didn't become famous for bebop until the 1940's. This song came out around 1944 (so I'm really messing with history) but I really think Tony would listen to this kind of music. There's a link in the story as well as a
Instead Steve nodded, stretching his arms over his head until his shoulder popped. “Just a weird dream.”
When Tony finally came around, the first thing he thought was, “Everything hurts.” Every cell in his body felt like it had its own heartbeat. A constant, pulsing ache that stemmed from the marrow of his bones. He felt like a battery, slowly being drained of its power. Like something, not even a big something, was siphoning the life out of his body and transferring it to something else. Something small. Something close?
“What about them Brooklyn Boys you were telling us about earlier,” asked Clint trying to divert the attention from the empty hand. “Couldn’t they do this?”
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “No, not yet. I’ve got FRIDAY running some numbers in the background, but it’s going to take a while. It’s been ages since I’ve been kidnapped and I’m still a bit shaken up. Plus, great science can’t be done all in one night.”
“Just confuse them enough to buy me some more time. I don’t want their expectations too high when I actually knock their socks off with my genius,” Tony said, heading for the door.
“Nice to see you, Captain.”
“Fuck, Steve!” Tony screamed as he came. Every nerve in his body burned as Tony’s orgasm turned his vision white. He dug his fingers into Steve’s scalp as he fucked thick, hot come down Steve’s throat. Steve hummed in satisfaction as he licked up every drop.
“Look! I know betrayal hurts-”
“Hey, hey now. That’s not fair,” chided Tony. “I just gave you an opportunity to get even. Didn’t say you had to, but you took it.”
Both Tony’s sat in their chair, completely still. Their eyes had turned white and glowed like flashlights in a dark room. Cracks appeared on the child’s skin like a China doll being broken from the inside out. Light spilled through his flesh as the deafening noise of time and space collapsing filled the room.
Steve agreed with Bucky. The corporate feel radiating off the military rows of warehouses didn’t bode well in his gut. Place was too clean. Not a patch of red rust in sight despite the drops of Atlantic water spraying across the cement dock. Plenty of shadows to hide in, but not a single light in the row of lampposts flickered from shoddy filament.
“And frankly we’re due for another,” insisted Stane. “Do you not see the revolution in Russia? The unrest and animosity between Germany, France, and England? I may not enjoy seeing the body count in the daily paper, but we are warmongers, Tony. And it’s our duty as American citizens to supply our troops with what they need before they need it.”
The flames of anger began to burn in his stomach. Steve felt his breath catch as he grew desperate for the taste of revenge on his tongue. His fingers dug into the rich fabric of Tony’s suit with enough brute strength to rip the material to shreds. “Sam said not to kill anyone,” said Steve, his eyes still on the man.
Bruce placed a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. “There is good in you too, and you deserve good. And if the time comes where you want to introduce us to someone important, we’ll always be here to support you and protect them, no matter what.”
“No ma’am,” said the colored girl, standing up from behind her post. “He was just about to leave.”
Steve forgot they had been using it as an expensive drying rack. “Broke down last fall. Never got around to having it fixed. Don’t have the money.”
He could practically hear Tony smacking his face in disbelief. “Of the place you idiot. Like it?”
Tony kicked the man in the side to test if he was alive. Nothing. A little more brave, and a lot more angry, he stabbed the heel of his foot into a dark red tinted wound. The inhuman cry as the goon cried out, his eyes rolling up into his head, was beyond satisfying. Absolutely worth the green Tony would have to fork over to get rid of the blood off his shoes.
“What?” A cold panic settled in his chest. Tony scrambled to get up. "How the fuck did they find one? I thought had every last one dismantled after we stormed the Ten Rings’ base.”
“Yup.” Tony said, popping his ‘p’ as carelessly as bubble gum.
Sam looked doubtful that something was amiss, but from the hand on sawtooth blade, didn’t look like he was taking any chances.
“You, Tony Stark, are a beautiful paradox. You call me out on my shortcomings and get on my every nerve. You’re infuriating, endlessly frustrating, and yet I can’t help falling more and more in love with you every day.
Steve chuckled at Tony's plead, but he didn't move. “Can’t. This little guy climbed into my lap and refuses to let go.”
“Sorry.” He sounded authentically apologetic. “They didn’t chew you out too bad, did they?”
. Pepper called it was mindless noise. Rhodey, who absolutely loved jazz, called it cats on a keyboard. “Aint’ no way that stuff could be popular,” he once told Tony. But Tony loved it. Musical chaos Tony often called it. It had just enough of a beat that it didn’t dissolve into discord and just enough crazy that it pissed everyone else right the fuck off.
Natasha reached into her basket and pulled out a dusty bottle. “Drank half on his birthday. Saved the rest for tonight.”
“I got eyes on the package,” reported Pepper. “We might be missing a few handhelds, but most of its still here.”
The next day, Tony woke up to the smell of wet dog and mildew in the air. He opened his eyes and found himself wrapped in a coat of grey and gold fur.
“Tony,” Steve whimpered. “I don’t know what to do. The bleeding, it won’t stop.”
She tilted her head like a curious cat. “Things not going how you planed ‘em?” she asked, sympathy in her voice.
Tony’s smile got cheeky. “Why? Think I was talking about something else?” he asked, nudging Steve in the ribs.
Tony shook his head. “No. He must have been speaking wolf.”
With hesitant eyes, the associates turned their eyes toward the scene. Centimeters away from Clint’s intact head, was a fresh hole and a still red hot bullet embed in the wall.
There will be no update next week because I'm going to visit family for Golden Week. (Guess which country I'm in.)
“Steve,” Tony ran over and tried to get in his way.
Steve gave a reluctant nod. He would rather not go alone, but with no sign of an entrance for colored individuals, it would be more of a hassle to force their way past security and into the white entrance.
Water. A tank of cold water. Immersed, trapped, and completely helpless. Strapped down with leather cuffs on a metal operating table. They said the tank was filled with liquid air and not water, but Tony was too busy having a panic attack to notice. An expected symptom of his PTSD. AIM really should know better. But maybe they wanted that. Maybe they wanted him to suffer. Remind Tony of the days when he was tortured by the Ten Rings. Shoving his head into a bucket of water over and over and over and over and over and over and over and-
Steve chuckled. “Joke’s on you. I’d been working up the nerve to ask you out for weeks.”
Tony shook off the shock, and threw Steve off with little more than a grunt. Steve stumbled back, dazed and reaching behind him for balance.
“You sure?”
Nine.
Steve closed his eyes and let out a heavy sigh. “I think, Buck’s injury bringing us together would make a weird start to a relationship. What if he has a turn for the worst? What if he doesn’t make it?”
Tony’s shoulders slumped as the ramifications assaulted his conscience. When Steve figured out that Tony was directly related to the Iron Family, he had become an unwilling target for information. Tony could see it now. Coulson and his gaggle of information brokers would jump on Steve’s ass faster than a high rolling lady. They’d pester him with questions; pick his brain ruthlessly like pigeons in Central Park. Steve had become a weak point in the armor of the family, and in the business of the mafia, there were only one thing to do. Tony shuddered just thinking about it. Clint with a barbed arrow, or Rhodey with a rifle; crosshairs centered on a man who had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
“What the hell were you thinking boss?” yelled Rescue over the high pitched cries of her repulses. “Get your ass over here!”
“On it boss,” War Machine said, already tailing Steve as fast as the heavy armor allowed.
Steve closed his wide blue eyes and just let his head hang between his legs for a minute. His shocked slack face slowly morphed into a strained, but relieved laugh. “Honestly,” gasped Steve, letting his head roll back, “I don’t know which I want to do more; punch you for being an utter asshole, or kiss you because I’m so damn happy that you’re safe.”
“Tony says, ‘When you get your head out of your ass, you should go over and draw him.’”
Where did Tony go and what does Joe know?
“Run!” he yelled.
“But guys,” wined Bucky. “It’s a girl robot. It’s got tata’s and everything.”
“Things are better. People are happier. Town’s safer. The future’s looking brighter than ever. But to me, everything looks dimmer since you left, and I don’t know what to do to make it better,” Tony says, swirling the amber liquid around in his hands.
Tony, still speechless, squeezed the doll between the fingers. The doll bend in half but never lost his confident, sewed on smile. He gingerly ran his fingers along every seam, from the top of Cap’s cowl to the bottom of his red boots. When he was done, Tony looked up at Clint. “I love it,” he whispered.
“Never mind that,” dismissed Clint. “You gotta pull everyone back now.”
Want me to call?
“But he… We…”
About three fourths of the team was already gathered in the kitchen in various stages of dress and alertness. Vision was making an omelet with lots of spices which he was definitely not going to eat. A spoon surrounded by a red aura stirred lazy circles in the air as Wanda stared into the swirling nothingness of her very black coffee. Bruce was asleep on the couch. A shadow of stubble dotted his jaw and the morning paper was spread across his lap like a blanket. Both Bucky and Natasha were hunched over some sort of Russian gruel.
The ground under the building began to shake. Hanging fixtures swung back and forth like leaves in the wind. Lights flickered on and off. Dishes rattled. Drinking glasses of all shapes and sizes fell off the shelves and crashed on the ground.
“I drew a picture,” Morgan said, proudly showing off her latest work.
Once the door closed behind him, Steve turned from a powerful predator into a pile of pudding. His entire body relaxed as he shank down onto Tony’s side. He licked Tony’s face and fucking purred as Tony tried not to have a panic attack at the wolf’s sudden change in behavior.
Steve’s friend looked around the living room. “I don’t see him,” said Wanda.
need to know that about my best friend.”
“You made me breakfast in bed.” Tony had forgotten all about the source of delicious smells. Granted, Steve’s blowjobs made it easy to forget about everything.
“Steve! Steve! I made something for you.”
“And I'm supposed to believe you just because he gave you his digits?” Bucky yelled from his position.
After a few more bites, Tony swallowed. His face was ripe with disgust. He turned to Steve, begging for some sympathy. “Will you marry me now?”
As much as it boiled his ego, Steve stayed quiet. They had bigger things to take care of and talking wasn’t helping any.
“Sheriff Rogers,” she said, motioning to the charcoaled pig by Steve’s grave.
His own gun uselessly clicked back. “Same.”
“Favor?”
"Lay it on me Sam," he said, trying again. "I'm the boss here. You know I gotta know no matter what."
“Maybe I did, but I’m not the only one at fault here. You have your secrets too. Why didn’t you say something?”
A stout chauffuer pulled up to the curb of a rundown shop in the Lower Eastside. It was a nice little shop with a now beat up black door and a Victorian style window with the glass shot out to the right. But, if asked, the neighbors would say the shop had seen better days. Last Tuesday was a particularly good day for the shop. It was the day before the shop and all its occupants and product were ventilated by a tall creature that called itself War Machine.
“Such as Hydra, and you don’t want to get caught in the middle when the shit hits the fan,” finished Bruce with an understanding nod.
It's a Hawaiian roller coaster ride, but with less fun and more guns.
“Why? You breaking up with him?”
He couldn’t do that. He just couldn’t.
Tony took one look at the item in Clint’s hands and knew exactly where the conversation was going. “No.”
“Nope. I’m just fine back here,” Tony said.
“You headed back to base?” asked Bucky, angling his body back to their side of town.
“I’m not saying it’s a bad thing,” defended Bruce. As if Tony’s ego needed defending. “I’m just saying that, whoever is doing this for you must be worth something.”
“You know, you’re gorgeous when you work,” Steve said, melting into the chair.
A delicate hand reached for him, but Tony pulled further away. A chill ran through his body. He felt so cold. Curing in on himself, he tried to repair the damage he’d done.  “I’m sorry Steve. I can’t… I’m not… I didn’t mean it.”
“I’ll find you,” Steve said as the dream began to fade, signaling his return to a broken reality and an even more broken memory. “I swear I’ll find you.”
“We don’t want that type of attention. This is how smaller groups get compromised. They go to a larger group for protection, and then they end up swearing alliance and losing their identity because of the larger group.”
“I do.” Because of course, a potential big money buyer had to have that problem.  “Leader of the Brooklyn Boys interested in Tony, seems like my business.”
Tony let out a satisfied sigh as he sunk into the feeling of sea water filling his lungs once again. God, it had been too long since he had done this.
"All efforts going to a good cause. That's what I like to hear," said Steve.
Tony raised a questioning eyebrow. He didn’t think the interrogation would get that rough. “Hulk get to him?” he asked.
Right on cue, Happy pulled up the van around and to a screeching halt. The doors flew open, as Bruce jumped out, medical bag at the ready. Seeing the damage to Rhodey’s legs, his mouth dropped open. “The fuck happened here?”
Steve cleared his throat. “I wanted to wait for the perfect moment; dinner, romantic music, something that would sweep you off your feet. But… I think this way is better. I might regret the lack of pictures in the future, but I’d be hard pressed to find a better moment that this.”
“Then we are in agreement?” Steve asked tentatively.
Posting a bit early because I have enkai with my co-workers tonight and I'm seeing Mad Max for the first time tomorrow. I hate that Japan get's movies so much later than everyone else.  WHY IS AGE OF ULTRON COMING OUT ON JULY 4TH? WHY COULDN'T YOU GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER FASTER LIKE THE REST OF THE WORLD! D:
A wave of relief washed over Steve. “Thank goodness,” he said, barely able to contain tears from running down his face. He held Tony’s face between his hands, not wanting to look away even for a second. “I was afraid I lost you both.”
And didn’t that commanding voice make Tony’s cock want to stand at rapt attention like a good little soldier boy.
Tony licked his lips and wondered what it would be like to be on the other end of that look. How hot would Tony feel under such undivided focus? How would those fingers feel wrapped around his hand, his hip, maybe all the way down to the head of his-
“In a good way or a bad way?”
But as an adult, he hated it. Too much stupidity and not enough space to contain it all. Too many idiots with minds too small, and ambitions too big crammed together in one room. It made for too many cooks in the kitchen. Even standing outside the glass door, watching all the rats run around trying to get the cheese, made Tony's head hurt. A small part of him wanted to storm in and help the sad sods. The other part wanted to take a flamethrower to the place and torch the entire thing to the ground, workers and all. Thank god Obadiah had reserved half of the top floor just for him.
Theirs was a little room in the back of a red brick warehouse. There was absolutely no circulation during the summer months, and the free hanging lights swung back and forth in the spring, summer, fall, and winter air that snaked through the cracks and openings in the poorly constructed windows. The boys had tried to make it their own adding posters, pictures, and miscellaneous souvenirs for various fights up in the wall, but Steve would freely admit the place was crap in quality and sad if you stayed more than the span of their weekly meetings (not they they met only that one time. It was just the one time a week that meetings were "official"). The lone light above the room highlighted the lack of furniture, easily making it feel vast and empty if it wasn't for the empty crates and pallets stacked in a disorganized manner along the walls.
There were many rules in Avengers Tower. Rules to keep everyone happy and help things run smoothly. However, these rules were frequently broken or bent depending on the needs of the team. But there was one rule that was absolute:
“Really Tony? You’re leaving me high and dry again?”
“Rhodey made me promise that I’d get a proper wedding if I ever settled down because, ‘I deserve something nice.’ His words, not mine. Besides, he’s put up with my shit for years. I can’t break that promise now.”
‘Tony!?’
“I am not!”
But someone else had other ideas. A gentle kiss on his cheek pulled Tony away from his extra five minutes.
Tony rolled his eyes. He looked around for anything suspicious before going up and tapping the window on the driver’s side with his knuckle. "You guys spying on me now?" Tony asked the window.
“Yeah.”
But true to his word, Tony started walking straight for the exit. As Tony pulled one shoulder back to shimmy past Steve, the blond man grabbed Tony’s arm and pulled him close. “You’re not really going to leave him like this, right?” he hissed into Tony’s ear.
What if she was right? Miss Brown Eyes was a nobody, but what if she was right questioning his worth? What if Steve really couldn’t stand being with Tony? The kiss all those nights ago told a different story, but everything had changed in those few minutes of confrontation. What if Steve’s feelings for Tony had changed too?
“Any questions?”
“Speaking from experience?”
Tony uncurled from his spot.
Tony opened his mouth to object (because Rhodey was very much full of shit) when he beat Tony to the punch. “When was the last time you had a decent amount of sleep?” asked Rhodey, looking down his unseen nose. “When was the last time you ate everything Jarvis didn’t prepare for you? And no, coffee doesn’t count.”
There was a high-pitched clink on the ground, followed by a squeal of tires. Steve looked around the corner and saw familiar, green, hand held weapons rolling towards them. Steve looked up at Sam with panic on his face
“If I had any less pride, I would say no,” Tony said with a bitter sense of humor.
Hawkeye came out of the shadows, a confident smirk plastered on his face. “I wouldn’t have to do this if you didn’t keep running off on your own all the time. I know you’re stressed, but damn, that kiss.”
“So, what do we do now?” asked Sam.
“Who’ll see me?”
A look of regret flashed across Steve’s face. “I know.”
“God no,” said Tony. “Bed is warm and it’s too early to get up. Besides, the last thing mini me needs is detailed knowledge about how he’s fucking his childhood icon.”
“He’s you,” Steve said with a smile so pure and wonderful it almost made Tony forget how humiliating his younger self was. “He’s the part of you that wears his heart on his sleeve. He enjoys being loud and proud about who and what he loves. Every second of the day, he’s showing the world just how much he cares.”
Sam held back.
Tony pushed through the crowd, trying to part the Red Sea. He paid no mind to the grunts of annoyance and complaints of inconvenience coming from minions in suits. He had to get to Steve. He had to explain everything and he didn’t have much time. A finger’s length away from the blond man, Tony reached out and grabbed at the bare bicep.
“No, the Brooklyn Boys don’t have the fire power to pull this off. They’re more of a ‘fists and knives’ gang,” replied Phil, taking back his hand. “Besides, The Brooklyn Boys never come this far north. The Captain is a good enough man that he mostly keeps to his side of the river.”
“Then I’m trusting you with this,” Steve pleaded in a voice that made it sound more like a command. “I’ve seen how Tony moves. You can’t move fast enough to get your stuff back on your own, but you can do a lot of damage. Hit them where it hurts. Hit them fast, and my guys can be your hands and feet to get whatever they got of yours off their hands.”
Tony was jealous of the attention they received. He wished other men would look at him that way. Hell, Tony wished
What about what Tony had said in the car ride here? About making ‘them’ pay. Tony had to be lying. Steve couldn’t imagine Tony doing something like that.
“Oh Tony.”
Steve’s eyes grew big with realization. “The hit and run.”
Steve looked up with those irresistible baby blues with an innocent face he swore was not intentional.
“Pepper is the one that asked me to look out for you.”
Tony’s eyes lit up. “Are you going to pick out my clothes for me?”
War Machine raised a hand, and small ball of energy began forming in its palm. “You have trespassed on the turf of the Iron Family,” it announced ominously. “Prepare to face the consequences.”
“Good. Get to work!” Iron Man waltzed out of the storefront in a whirl of brown trench coat and red suit.
Morgan nodded. She reached into her bag and brought a black box absolutely covered in stickers and glitter glue. “I decorated it myself. What do you think?”
“What is it? Did I do something wrong?”
Tony lost his shit. “Because I’m the guy who’s going to save your friend!” he yelled at the two dunderheads. “That right there was a Jericho missile. Only one person has ever survived a hit from that and you’re looking at him, right now. Everyone else; dead on the spot or gone by the end of the week. This man helped keep me alive. You want Barnes to live; you trust me and you do what I say.”
“Horrible. I got kidnapped, throw in a room full of scientists with the creativity of a pigeon, and used as a guinea pig for one of AIM’s crazy experiments all in less than twenty-four hours,” said Tony, trying his best to look as distraught as possible. “Feel sorry for me, Steve. Why aren't you over here pampering me? I need kisses to make me feel better.”
“And I’m telling you, I’m fine,” Tony snapped, knocking away Steve’s hand. “Feels like a bit of my soul has been ripped out, but that’s nothing compared to having a battery up to my chest.”
“I don’t know. I’m pretty strong,” Steve said with a sly smile.
“That’s fine,” Steve said, standing up and pressing a kiss to the top of Tony’s head. “You’re perfect just as you are.”
“You sleep okay?” asked Tony. There were heavy bags under his eyes. Whether they were from worry or lack of sleep, Steve didn’t know. He wished Tony would take better care of himself. He had taken such good care of Steve since the incident. There should be someone looking after Tony. Steve considered doing it, but he was in no position to tell another person how to live his life. Steve could barely live his without Tony’s help.
“Oh my fucking god. You’re real,” Steve breathed with relief. His fingers found the little openings between armor plates and dug into the cracks, hanging on for dear life.
“You got any whiskey? Gave all mine to Steve,” Tony said as he walked away from the gate.
“Oh my god, Steve. That’s not a suggestion. You’re covered in blood and you smell like shit. As your friend, I’m telling you, clean yourself up.”
“Our name is out there now. All of New York knows what we can do. Who’s going to mess with us now? Pepper, you’re always talking about branding and my actions representing my work and the company. Think of it that way. I just branded us a force to be reckoned with.”
Hello, surprise from Pepper. What are you doing here? You were not part of the plan.
The wolf huffed and nudged the meat toward Tony with his nose.
“Oh my god. Are you even trying? It’s not going to bite.”
“Who told you?” Stane’s face twisted into something hideous. Classic intimidation tactic. Luckily, Tony didn’t fall for that shit easily.
If she heard Steve’s contempt, Natasha showed no sign of disagreeing. “These men: Osborne, Hammer, Pym, Stark, they seem to have a disposition for the crazy and borderline unethical side of science. Every day they test the boundaries between impossible and mad scientist. When they’re successful, those products go on the market to be shared with the world. The unsuccessful ones; well, those are hidden away. Out of sight, out of mind,” she said, pointing to a box sporadically rumbling  at odd intervals. “They end up here, hidden among things that might be useful in twenty years or so.”
“If I did care that you blabbed, I wouldn’t have the mercy to shoot you in the head,” Iron Man said, cocking back the smoking weapon. “If we didn’t need that info out there, I’d shoot you in the knees and then strap you to the tracks for the 5 o’clock train.”
“Not murder?”
“Goodbye Iron Man. You will not be missed.”
Happy was already out of the vehicle, rope in hand and ready to go. “On it boss. Rescue is coming around with Hawkeye’s car any minute now. We’ll stash him in the back until we get back to the base.”
“Care for a dance?” asked Tony as well-known couples started pairing off for the Dance of Fertility.
Steve was shocked. “Do people normally do that?”
“Not arguing there,” Steve muttered under his breath. His thoughts immediately went to a very specific, very attractive person who fit the description.
Bruce raised an eyebrow in skepticism. “Really? You’re going to murder him over something you don’t care about.”
The red shade of her face almost matched the color of her hair. “You put our picture on the front page!” she screamed, shaking the paper like a lone leaf in a strong autumn wind. And indeed they had. A dark burn mark in the shape of the Iron Man helmet demanded attention on the front page of the morning edition.
“I’m not saying you can’t-”
“You would think gang members would know who's linked with who, but no, we just had to get the special one,” mocked Tony.
It’s late when Tony Stark snuck out of the ship’s sleeping quarters and out onto the deck. The Avengers had set anchor for the night. They had searched long and hard, but even heroes need their rest.
“Hi.” Steve’s reply was just as quiet.
For a second, Steve look stunned. His mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water. He tried saying something, stuttering over ‘ah’s and ‘well’s, but nothing seemed to work.
Steve let out a sigh in annoyance. Ethics and personal feelings aside, they needed the money. Both Steve and Bucky had exhausted all other resources in trying to find alternate buyers with no luck. Besides, with Hydra already stirring up a ruckus practically every day, not caring if they hit lowlifes or civilians, they might as well go all in. Wasn’t like their situation could get that much worse.
Steve had no time to worry about Sam. With grenades, it was every man for himself. He clawed his way up from the ground and into a run. His heart beat loudly in his ears as he tried to get as much distance as he could. Steve felt the ground shake before he heard the exposition. Ducking for the nearest cover, Steve protected his head with his arms as brick remnants and dust rained down on him. His entire body rattled from the expanding force as the cobblestone underneath absorbed and dispersed the shockwave of pressure out from the epicenter.
That was the last straw. In one swift move, Steve had pinned the up guy up against the brick wall.  Steve had his forearm at the guy’s throat and a blade poking into the soft flesh of Joe’s belly. The guy didn’t even flinch.
A smile broke across the kid’s face faster than you could say ‘America’. He looked like a kid who had just landed feet first in the best candy shop in the world. “Did you hear that, Steve? I can keep him!” he yelled, running straight into Steve’s arms.
Tony could hardly believe his ears. He gave Rescue an accusatory glare. “Did you know about this?”
With a nod of confirmation, the Brooklyn Boys slipped in, one by one, Thor making sure to do one last scan for trouble before shutting the door behind them.
That's all the chapters for this year. Hope you don't mind the cliff hanger. I've got five Christmas fics in various stages of production, so I want to focus on getting those done before the holidays hit. Keep an eye out for them if you're interested.
Update 5/31/15: Active writing and editing will be put on hold until further notice. Chapter 4 and 5 will be posted on schedule (unless I hear requests otherwise). I'm experiencing a lot of stress about an upcoming test as well as work, and it's causing me stomach pains. I've already gotten it checked out and it's not ulcers, but I'm trying to reduce stress, and this is one of the things causing me stress. Hopefully I can resume writing sooner than later. Hope you guys enjoy the next two chapters.
“Why?”
A deep laughter erupted from the radio. “These mortal men are no match for the mighty Thor! They are unskilled in combat and fall like puny flies. I could take them down with my eyes closed.”
‘When did I get a fur blanket?’ thought Tony as he slowly blinked the sleep away.
“Can we focus here?” Tony snapped at the voice on the other lines. It was becoming increasingly difficult not to rub his temples in frustration.
Pulses in the ground?
“Tony, it’s okay,” Steve said, taking Tony’s hand in his. “He may be a little chatty, but it’s fine.”
“Not on my watch you faggy bitch!” Rumlow’s hand shot out from his prone form. With a sharp tug, Rumlow pulled Tony’s leg out from under him. Tony yelped and fell down like a tree.
Following the sensual sway of shoulders and hips, Steve followed her into a richly decorated elevator. As the door closed and they ascended up the building, it dawned on him that Ms. Potts may not be taking him to see the correct Tony. “How many Tony’s work here?” he asked, trying not to sound too nervous.
In seconds, the sheet was gone. Cold air ghosted over Tony’s wet cock, sending a shiver down Tony’s spine. But Steve soon fixed that. He opened his mouth and took Tony’s cock all the way down his throat in one go.
Steve froze in his tracks. For a second, Tony reveled in Steve’s lack of works and the look of utter joy that spread across his face as what Tony offered sunk in. “Tony, you really don’t have to,” Steve stuttered, trying to graciously deny Tony’s gracious offer.
“Those ones, over there.” Natasha pointed to a short stacked island of boxes, isolated from the other misaligned stacks.
“Catholic,” Steve replied with a cautious breath. “Irish Catholic.” His eyes darted across the stranger’s face, looking for some clue. The reaction Steve was used to was usually instantaneous. But so far, no sign of the usual disgust. “Do you-”
But that was impossible.
“No I’m not,” moaned Tony, flopping down onto his side. “I’m just standing around looking at your fine ass.
“No Tony, I don’t think I can,” said Steve, steel shields encasing his heart. Steve couldn’t believe his ears. Tony, allied with the Iron Family. Suddenly, the comments about ‘toast’ and how he mysteriously persuaded a deal with the Iron Family, it all made sense.
The question caught Steve off guard. Him pick out Tony’s clothes? “I mean,” said Steve, a little lost for words. “I can if you want.”
“Great. So, how about now?”
“Bucky,” Steve gave his best friend the famous ‘Cap is disappointed in you’ voice.
Rumlow chuckled as he cracked his fingers. “Well, no matter. I know your name and I know your face. It’ll only be a matter of time before I ruin you both. Maybe I’ll start with Rogers and work my way up. Hear the fuehrer is always looking for people to experiment on. Aryan or not, bet he’s got some good screams in him. He’ll make a fine test subject.”
“STEVE!”
Oh. So work related. Steve could deal with that.
Tony rubbed his nose and sniffed. “No,” he said. Tony hiccupped a few times as he attempted to control his emotions. His shaking hands calmed down to a small, almost unnoticeable tremble.
“Which one?”
Tony shook his head, hair fluffed up from hands frequently running through the dark follicles. A dark grease stain ran along his temple. “Nothing important. Just that starving artist is a good look for you.”
Tony slammed down the receiver with a loud groan. He rubbed the bridge of his nose in visual frustration. “Is the world out to get me, or do I have a sign on my back right now begging for my ass to be kicked?”
“You have no idea what this stuff means, and yet you love it?”
When Steve started describing the devastating bombing, Tony’s vision narrowed and his breath slowed. The meaning behind the dirt and dust sprinkled across Steve’s frame had suddenly become important, and not a mere contouring aesthetic. All he could think was, ‘My weapons did that. My weapons hurt Steve’ as a pit of dark guilt began to swirl in his stomach. And although there was no sure way of know for sure where the weapon had come from, Tony had a gut feeling that it was definitely his company’s name sprayed on in white on the side of the explosion. Where else could folks get their hands on an explosive that could cause large scale damage? Molotov’s couldn’t bring a building down on someone, and Justin Hammer was incompetent enough that he couldn’t be credited for the destructive handiwork.
A breath of air finally reached his brain. The parts were beginning to move again. The cogs in his brain were slowly ticking away.“Never ridden a bicycle,” mumbled Tony
“Don’t start.” Tony’s smile disappeared, leaving only a cold iron clad exterior. It was still too fresh. Too soon. Despite not having the loving relationship that the newspapers thought the Stark's had, Howard's death still hurt. Not in the way the newspapers talked about. But just as deep and just as dark, if not more so. Gone was the chance of redemption and approval. All that was left was a stone cold legacy built on money, bureaucracy, and the bodies of others. Tony took that name now when Stane asked him to come back to SI. He took that name, knowing what it meant and hating what it meant for him and his future.
“Friend of a friend.” Tony turned his attention back to the wires. Why did this construction require so many connections? The next project he chose to work on, definitely less complicated. Something easy and simple with no wires. Maybe a sandwich.
Sam whistled, giving the tall, shiny building a one up. “Damn, your man’s got the hook up.”
Tony didn’t move. Steve could almost see the ‘processing’ bar above his head. Tony peeked out from between his arms and looked at Steve. There was a bit of hesitation in Tony’s eyes, but as soon as Steve spotted it, Tony buried his head back down between his arms and shook his head.
“No really. I’m super disappointed. Look!” Tony pinched his arm. It took him a couple of times before a glassy sheen covered his eye. “See? I’m crying. I’m super sad.”
“Right!”
As the doors secured around them and the metal box descended, Tony switched over to work mode. No more fake smiles. No more hidden agenda. A stright back, squred shoulders, and cold heart at the ready. The plans swarming around in his head flipped over, and he began doing a quick mental check of all the components necessary for their transofrmation. “Pepper? What’s the status on the suit?”
Tony just laughed. “You’ll do what? Destroy the world and take Captain America with you. Real smart plan, kid. Dad would love this suicide mission.”
“And having an elephant in the room is what you call ‘being prepared’?
You wanna talk? Let's talk.
By the time the two got to the front of the breadline, they were talking as if they were long lost friends, reunited after years of separation. With a cold loaf of bread and a can of beans, it took a sharp glare of light from an alley to remind Steve that the world kept spinning despite his newfound friendship with Tony.
That got Steve to raise an eyebrow. “Really?” he asked in muted disbelief. “You're soliciting those assets? I thought you gave up spying when we got you out of Russia.”
“I’m fine Pep. Promise.”
“Don’t worry. Bucky’s with me.”
Follow me on my tumbler and see all the shit I reblog and maybe a story or two about my adventures.
When Tony groaned in almost comical pleasure, Steve couldn’t hold back the grin. “This is amazing,” gushed Tony. “Where did you get it? Don’t tell me you had to kill someone for it. Because I would be willing to kill someone for this.
The smile disappeared from Tony’s lips. He ran a hand through his dirty hair and let out a heavy sigh. “Don’t know,” Tony said. “Bucky didn’t get a chest full of shrapnel like me, so he might be okay. Then again, Bruce is the only doctor here. Last time Bruce
He swarm as fast as his fins could go. He glided along the current, using them to propel him forward. And just as he was about to plant face first in a block of ice, Tony made a sharp turn and slammed the back of the RT into the ice.
Steve’s tongue slipped into Tony’s mouth and oh, wow. Tony forgot that wolves did that. Normally he’d be fine getting frenched by a wolf. It was just something wild wolves did. You get used to it. But there was something about that way Steve fervently licked the inside of his mouth that had Tony heating up in all the worst ways.
“You and Jarvis follow up on the missing weapons," Tony said, rolling up his sleeves as far as they could go in today's fashion. "Dig as far as you can go, and then dig some more. I want to know anything that strikes you as odd. I’ll need the distractions.”
And just like that, they did. Thor hopped down to Steve and gently took the unconscious Barnes from Steve’s weak grip. He moved Barnes’ arm close to his chest, trying not to jostle the limb, and then lifted him up to the gurney Sam and Bruce had waiting.
“Your friend is fine. He’s been taken to the hospital. Saint Mary’s if you want to check.”
“Really?”
could look at other men that way without having to worry about getting fire and ostracized. Sure, Tony was fine with sex behind closed doors or blowjobs in back alleys. He could make do. But it would be nice to enjoy the simple things in life. Nothing big, Tony wasn’t that delusional, just small, simple gestures. The stuff girls took for granted; awkward flirting with someone you like, holding hands, standing under the moonlight wrapped in each other’s embrace, those type of things.
“What did it look like?” asked Pepper, getting that curious glint in her eyes.
“Tony,” Stane let out an exasperated sigh that Tony was all too familiar with. “It’s crap.”
The man’s head shot up. “You actually remember that?”
“Don’t worry,” Tony said, forgetting the legates of disturbing an unreported wreak. “I’ll get you out of there.”
“We’re on vacation, sunshine. There is no such thing as getting up on time,” Tony said, slowly rolling over to his back and pushing Steve away.
“Dad,” said Tony. “Short answer to a lot of my problems.”
“Excuse me?” said Tony, not really sure if he heard the request correctly. “You want me to teach you how to make donuts?”
Steve shrugged, tying his best not to fall any deeper. “It would be much better if I had quality paper and a good model,” he criticized.
The goon above him beared down and grabbed Tony by the collar. Clumsy fingers tried in hopeless desperation to claw his way out of the man’s grip. Pulled up toward the stinking bastard , Tony got a face full of spit from loose lips. “What the hell did you do to me?” he sneered and Tony can see him trying in vain to clench his injured hand.
“My mess?” Stane’s face furrowed in confusion. “Tony, that design was brilliant! I don’t understand why you stopped production. You had to know the fallout that the choice would cause.”
“Hey kraut!” he yelled at Rumlow. The man slowly turned around, murderous glee written all over his face.
Well, it ain't here, that's for sure.
Tony rolled his eyes. He took a seat at the edge of the bed and whispered into Steve’s ear. “You spoil him too much.”
“Yeah, but I know you made an extra one for when Steve and Aunt Tasha go on trips.”
“I have you,” Tony said with a grin. He let out a big yawn as he sank into the covers. “That’s all I need.”
“Stay close,” she whispered, slipping past the door and into the shadows of the warehouse.  “There’s a lot of dangerous stuff here and not all of it is what you want.”
“No!” Tony insists, cradling the touch closer to his body. There was no way he was going to let Steve touch him now. Whether it was punches of disgust or touches of reverence, Tony wouldn’t be able to resist, and he needed to resist everything about Steve with all his might. “I just got caught up in the moment, that’s all. Just try to forget about it.”
“You want to say hi?” asked Steve.
The kid looked down at his feet. “I know you wanted me to put it back, but Rhodey got me the Captain America doll because I liked it so much. Is that okay?”
“And next time, don’t bring the elephant” Bucky yelled after them, needing to get the last word in for the sole sake of pride.
Rhodey snorted. “Your sarcasm isn’t lost on any of us, kid.”
Tony groaned. “I hate you so much.”
But that secret part of him needed to be released. He’d been holding off the change for too long, telling himself ‘now’ wasn’t a good time. Always something to do. Always someone to save. Someone needing his help or someone interrupting him at the worst possible time.
It took Tony a few seconds, but when he finally realized who the ear belonged to, it was like taking a bucket of cold water to the face.
“But when we have quiet moments like this, you’re breathtaking. No bells and whistles. No fake smile. Just you. Just us, together. It’s so simple, and yet it’s so nice. You put on so many masks for the sake of the media. But when it’s just me and some paper, it all melts away. The way you shine when we’re alone, you’re the most beautiful and fascinating man I’ve ever seen.
A mouthwatering smell wafted out of the kitchen and into the bedroom. Tony’s stomach growled as his muddled brain identified each scent. Eggs with salsa, toast, bacon, and (of course) coffee. Tony should get up, but he didn’t want to. This was
To the left side of the large entrance, there was a colored girl behind the reception desk, pecking furiously away on a typewriter. Surprised, Steve looked around for another reception desk. Nothing.  Anyone else behind the desk? Nope. Just a girl with brown paper skin and coffee brown hair typing away on something that one could assume was a very import document. Leave it to Stark Industries to be progressive and hire a colored girl to be the sole receptionist. Guy must have an iron pair setting up a situation where bigoted men would have to interact with a colored girl.
"Exactly.” Steve moved so his body blocked Tony from the others. “Tony isn't used to this kind of thing. He'd be better off with someone else.”
Of course not. This missing piece of his life felt important. This person meant something to Steve. He felt like someone that Steve should have never forgotten about in the first place. But he did. And Steve hated it.
"No, Sam.” Steve came down hard on the idea. “I absolutely forbid it."
“Tony!” yelled Rhodey as he clomped out of the cockpit, still clad in his War Machine suit. He saw Steve holding Tony’s hand and glared at the man. “What’s going on back here?”
“Too bad,” Steve calmly replied. “I’m taking that risk and nothing you say is going to stop me.”
“Not from around here, I take it.” It was more of a statement than a question. His knack for the language (or lack thereof) ruled out immigrant, and he definitely didn’t sound like a local. Didn’t have the same accent as the boys in Brooklyn. “Looking for work?” he asked. Guy wasn’t dressed to impress, but even Steve could appreciate a fine looking fellow if given the space.
Tony cursed. Steve was either being stubborn or his com was still broken. Tony prayed it was the former. “Forget it Steve. You need to get out of there, now! You don’t know what that thing will do.”
“Is that what’s wrong?” asked Steve. “I noticed you’ve been acting weird since he woke up and started talking about Captain America. Does all this have to do with the kid’s interest in me?”
“Were we lovers?”
Steve kissed like he fought. Each touch oozed confidence and precision. He knew all of Tony’s weak points and exploited them at will. Steve’s right hand cradled Tony’s unshaven jaw, gently coaxing his head up and out of the pillows. His left hand snaked around Tony’s waist all the way down to his ass. Strong fingers squeezed the supple flesh. Steve’s tongue,
“Why? I can help,” Steve said, trying to push his way around the doctor’s body.
It was like that, only Steve never could remember what it was. He knew the amnesia had erased something important in his life, but his dreams were the only time he got a glimpse at what he was missing. Every time he closed his eyes to sleep, Steve saw this person, that man, only a few inches away from him, smiling and whispering words and Steve couldn’t begin to comprehend.
"Nothing much," Sam admitted. "But I think someone knows more than they're letting on. According to SHIELD’s black and white, a few shops got renovated between last night and this morning. Lots of holes, empty casings, and spilled goods. What they forgot to mentions the fact that theses shops are fronts for small time solicitors." Solicitors meaning less than legal trading of goods.
“That, and everything else.”
Every time Steve fell asleep, he had the same dream. He was in an empty room. No decorations, no furniture, no personal items, nothing. But in the middle of the room, there was a person. Someone who felt very familiar. Someone Steve had forgotten.
“Really. What type of boyfriend would I be if I didn’t accept every part of you. Past, present, or future.”
“Oh my god. Tony, he’s back!” Janet Van Dyne squealed.
Steve’s ears dropped. He looked at Tony with such big, sad eyes as if trying to say, “What’s wrong? What did I do wrong?”
“Pepper!” Tony could hug her right now.
‘What the fuck was that all about?’ Tony thought as he stumbled to an upright position. Iron Man hadn’t personally done anything to piss of Steve, right? Tony had seen Steve go a little ape-shit on those bootlegging goons a few weeks ago, but where the hell had all that controlled aggression come from?
“Ugh, coffee. My first love,” Tony groaned. He grabbed the mug with both hands and gulped down the contents like a man tasting water for the first time.
Tony tried to come up with an excuse, but Rhodey didn’t wait around for an answer. Kid in hand and Clint following closely behind, Rhodey stormed away to the register, leaving a very awkward silence between Steve and Tony.
“Well, I wouldn’t have to if you didn’t keep running into trouble all the time.” Bruce was doing his best to patch Tony up in the middle of Tony’s lab. Clint had indignantly dropped Tony off at the doorstep of Stark Industries before taking off to clean up the mess they had left back in Brooklyn. Bruce reached for the needle amongst the bloody tools and bullet. “Mind telling me what you doing in the middle of the night to get a bullet wound in the shoulder? I thought you were trying to avoid firefights.”
Steve pulled away from Tony until their fingers barely touched. “Just about. You can come out if you like.”
Steve looked down at the mug of coffee. The black drink was stone cold, just like a dead body. Steve shook his head and handed the cup back to Sam.
Tony stopped abruptly and dipped his head so he could look up at Steve’s face. “Steve, you okay?”
Sorry about the wait guys. Chapter 9 ended up being MUCH longer than could have expected (*cries at the word count*). And when I started writing Chapter 10, I realized I need to hold onto it a little longer. But this part is ready to go, so here you are!
“Hey!” Natasha banged on the open back door of the truck. “We got hungry boys out front. What’s the hold up?”
Tony couldn’t help the smile sneaking onto his face. Even if he could contain it, he hadn’t a reason to care. “I’ll say it was worth it.”
“And you have no idea how grateful I am that you didn’t.”
There wasn’t much clear information about mafia politics on the street, but Steve could very well speculate from what was whispered in back alleys. Once Iron Man found out about Tony’s slip, fuck. Steve figured Tony’s life wouldn’t be on the line, he seemed like too valuable an asset to be disposed of by the usual means. But with the reputation Iron Man had, me might take Tony all the way to the brink of death before making the man plead for his life.
“Yeah,” Steve said, rubbing his eyes. “Took forever. Went through three war stories before I told him enough was enough. Hoped he’d fall asleep on his own if I closed the door and left him alone, but he said he wanted company.”
“Too busy taking care of other things. In case you didn’t notice, we are trying to take down a multibillion dollar company,” said Steve, a bit of humor returning to his voice.
“Steve,” he said, hope swelling in his chest. “Steve Rogers.”
She gave an indifferent shrug. “Don’t know. But it’s the same pattern I’ve been tracking for the past few weeks. Good a place as any to start.”
“I’ll tell Carol to round us up some customers and be back in a flash,” chirped Jan. She opened the back door of the truck. Just as she was about to step out, Jan paused and turned around.
Short chapter this week. Next one will be longer. Because Tony is a little shit that has too much to say. ... Fuck you too Tony.
Tony’s mind quickly filled with numbers and facts as Steve dragged him through the maze of metal aisles and away from the crazy man with the glowing hand. He carefully counted the seconds and analyzed the way the light dimmed leaving a small inch of red embers in its wake. He noticed how the machinery reacted when Steve threw any small inconvenience at the weapon. Pistons squealed in protest as their pursuer shot blast after blast at the heels of their feet.
“We salvaged some of their equipment, but it’s fried to bits. It’ll take hours just to piece together the details of how they did it.”
“Steve.” Sam was trying to get his attention. His breath was heavy and his eyes were unsteady as he looked to Cap for guidance. “What do we do?”
Steve let out a heaving breath, defeated. Better now to come clean than later when ego and shame clouded his judgment. “He lied to me. He fucking lied to me Sam.” He pulled at the hairs on the top of his head, as if doing so would somehow make this whole crazy mess make sense. Both his heart and his brain were going around a mile a minute. His entire body was vibrating with energy. “I don’t know what makes it worse; the fact that he’s part of the mafia, or the fact that he used me to help them.”
“Sure,” Steve said with a smile. Anything to get his mind off getting the boy home. “I’m sure Tony has a few age appropriate books somewhere.”
Right. Possible death. No time for flirting. “Well I don’t hear any better ideas coming from you, smart guy,” said Tony, feigning annoyance.
“Hurry up and eat your breakfast,” he said, pushing a plate toward Tony. “We can talk about this more after you finish eating.”
Bucky’s tail dropped. He whined one last time but did as he was told. With a worried pout, he limped out of the enclosure, grabbing his clothes on the way out.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Can’t be a brilliant tactician if all I think about is work. Gotta keep a clear mind, keep my options open.”
“What about second date or third date? You had plenty of chances and not once did you hint that there might be some life changing information that I need to know.”
Natasha sighed. “So, nothing if you don’t want it to be. Just thought we could sit and have dinner with our ghosts. That’s all. It doesn’t get better, but it gets easier when there’s someone else that understands.”
“What type of job leads you to a place like this?” asked Sam.
I plan on posting the rest of "Chapter 9" by (the latest) first weekend of October. Have a good weekend kiddies!
“And where do you think you’re going?” asked Steve, almost yanking Tony back into the shadows.
Tony sighed. God he hated being responsible. He really didn’t want to release it. The thing wasn’t even close to being ready, but everything else was in the ‘Obie doesn’t need to know’ file, so that left little to use as a distraction. “I don’t have a sample, but I can give you a copy of the plans,” he said, handing over a thick roll of drafting paper.
“But I wanted to see the guys shit their pants when we came home with wedding bands.” Steve looked at Tony and stuck out his bottom lip in the most over the top sad puppy look Steve could muster. “Can’t we just get a little married before we go back to work?”
“And many more for those who have none,” said Tony with a smile before taking the drink.
War Machine grumbled an inaudible in response.
Tony stopped shuffling through papers. That bit was not ignorable. “Friends” droping in “unexpectedly” was never a good thing in their line of work. And Tony wasn’t thinking about his work at Stark Industires.
Storage boxes lined the small section separating the cargo from its passengers. Supplies leftover from the mission were thrown on the floor in disarray. There were only so many places to hide a small boy, and thankfully, the younger Tony had picked a very easy to find spot. Curled up in a ball behind supply crates may not be the most original, but it certainly made Steve’s job easier.
Steve left a slightly deeper indent in the dough
“Thanks, Thor.”
“To be fair, I connected the dots less than ten minutes ago.”
Steve looked up from the paper. “Do you really want to have this argument now? You know I’m right. There’s no one here to stop us from having this argument. And you know I can go all day.”
Steve tripped on something. It couldn’t be uneven stones. The ground looked completely smooth in the dim light. Maybe a stray rock…“Tony!” Steve yelled, recovering from the fall with amazing grace.
Her breath hesitated before she spoke again. “But not in the way you want me to," she said, pulling away from his grasp.
His voice dropped to a volume that only Tony could hear. Stane’s shoulder’s sagged, and his eyes betrayed true grievance. “Your father’s suicide personally weighs heavily on my heart. Sometimes, I wonder if I could have done anything to prevent him from jumping out that window. But with the fallout from the crash, nobody had much time to think of the consequences. Everyone did what they thought was right at the time.”
Tony was taken aback. “I don’t have that look. Do I Pep?”
“Eh, I’ll manage. How about you, Tony? Looks like I got you pretty good.”
“Shit. It’s Schmidt,” Steve hissed, ducking behind the Iron Man armor.
Running wasn’t that bad. Tony rather enjoyed the dark quiet of the Brooklyn cobblestones. Present company helped, of course. He still thought Brooklyn was shit; however, running down the cool dark streets, delivering booze as if they were a criminal Santa Claus was a nice break from his daily activities. People didn’t come racing after them, demanding crazy things from him left and right. It was just a simple trading of goods, maybe a familiar word here or there, and then onto the next stop. No fake smile. No business agreements under the guise of a hundred dollar a plate party. It was quiet. It was nice.
"Unless they give us reason to worry, best to keep doing what we've been doing and keep our heads down. If Sam's info is as reliable as he says it is,"
“It’s okay Steve.” Tony tried to reassure Steve. He kneeled down, his hand hovering over the damaged flesh, wondering what in the holly hell he was going to do. “I’ll take care of him. I promise.”
“Hold your applause. Because, yes, I know I’m amazing, but that doesn’t mean you should reject Spider Baby when he brings you the best steaks money can buy.”
Tony let out a shaky breath. He could do this. He could totally do this. This was nothing compared to what he wanted to ask later. “What if you put Morgan’s picture in your wallet? Fold it up nice and small. Just, you know, as a reminder that you’ve graduated from ‘daddy’s special friend’ to ‘my family.’”
Steve groaned. Well, there went
What would Obie think?
Pepper took a preparatory breath. This was not going to be good. “Overall it doesn’t look that bad. A few pieces here. A few pieces there. But Tony, this has been going on for years. And the records are horrendous. It took me all morning just to figure out where to begin.”
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “Third floor out of four. Roof over our heads. Keeps the cold out better than a paper, and having a few roommates helps with the rent. Not all of us can have jobs at Stark Industries.”
"Oh my gosh!" Jane looked like she was about to pass out with excitement. "I read your paper on engineering technology for astrophysics, like four times. Do you really think it's possible to create telescopes that see beyond time and space?"
Tony motioned to his cheek again trying to mirror where the grim was. “Around here.”
“Already taken care of,” she replied with a smirk. “Just promise not to peak while I change.”
“You won’t tell anyone, will you?” asked Tony, his voice quiet with shame for his selfishness. If he hadn’t tried to kiss Steve the first time, none of this would have happened.
“Well, wherever high loft apartment or luxury house Obie put me, I want to be out of there as soon as you can. Nothing against the guy, but he can’t decorate and his choice of location sucks.”
“It’s not like that.”
Don't be cool. Don't be slick. You just keep on swingin', keep on swingin'.
“No,” Tony said, trying to stop the conversation.
“From Boston.”
“I’ll bet,” Rhodey said with an endearing grin. “It must be so hard knowing you might have to spend a few weeks or even months stuck with your hero.”
Tony cradled the memory close to his chest, trying his hardest not to cry. Would Steve ever look at him like that ever again? Maybe, if he was really good. Tony could be good. He really could, but if he couldn’t? Tony clung to the memory, changing it into a dream as he imagined what could have happened next. Steve moving preciously into Tony’s space. Tony brushing his knuckles against Steve’s jawline. Steve’s breath hitching as Tony leaned forward. Beautiful blues engulfed in black desire. Soft lips grazing against each other at a teasing distance.
Pepper (bless her soul) let him wallow for a few minutes; brushing his hair between well-manicured fingers. When she did speak, her words were quiet and heartfelt. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“I’ll knock the dough back and have a dozen donuts cut out and ready for the fryer in five minutes,” Natasha said as she rolled up her sleeves.
“You don’t know.”
,” grumbled Rhodey, disdain in his voice.
He blinked a few times, then looked at her in confusion. “For what?” he asked.
Steve’s heart skipped a beat as a lovesick grin spread across his face. Goddamn, Tony was beautiful. How had Steve gotten so lucky?
“Yay! Pancake party!” He skipped down the hallway, holding Steve’s hand all the way to the elevator.
“Are you sure?” asked Peter, looking over as the wolf battered the edge of his cage. “We’ve never had a case like this before. Rehabilitating a werewolf so far gone that he can’t even turn back into a human. It’s extremely difficult and highly involved. You sure we can do this?”
A breath caught in his throat. “Oh Tony.”
“Well,” said Bruce running a hand through his hair. “I guess that solves our problem about how to get Tony back to the past.”
Tony was baffled. He didn’t want to spend time talking with Carol, Natasha, or Jan. He wanted to spend time with Tony. Out of all the pretty girls offering their company, out of all the activities they offered from gambling to board games, this man wanted to spend time learning how to make donuts with Tony? “You sure you don’t want me to call over one of the girls to-”
"Is it bad?"
"We did," said Thor with his thousand watt smile. " But Lady Jane said Captain's orders came first before any social norm."
In his gut, Steve wanted to reach out and reassure Tony that everything was okay. He had just met the guy, but he wanted to touch him and take some of the pain away. Any part of it. Even the smallest bit would help. A juvenile part of him wished could kiss it and that would make it all better.
“This is amazing Tony. What does it all say?”
“No I wouldn’t,” said Steve with the smuggest grin in existence. “Knew you would have my back.”
“I know Obie, we’re a weapons company, but how many times do I have to tell you we aren’t at war? There’s no rush.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve rubbed his brow, trying to contain a laugh in disbelief. "Sam-"
Tony smiled, and this time, that familiar twinkle reaches his eyes. “Not anymore,” he said, voice soft and reverent. “But I sure as hell made those bastards who hurt me experience every bit of pain I felt during surgery.”
Tony’s face flushed red. “Hawkeye?” he embarrassedly squawked into his radio.
And after months of being held captive, being squirreled off to some secret facility was the last thing Tony wanted to do.
War Machine gave a curt nod and prepped for another round of attack. Rescue followed suit, but there was hesitation in her eyes. “What about you?” she asked.
here.
“So you don’t like it.”
“Oh my god, get a room you two!” groaned Clint
The man shifted his gaze up to Tony’s face. His lips parted just enough that the only sound in the room was the man’s heavy breathing. He didn’t say a word, but Steve knew immediately what that cold look in his eyes meant. A challenge to the death for information.
“Shhh. It’s okay, Tony. I’ll take care of you, promise,” Steve murmured as he pressed one last kiss over the skin above the arc reactor. With a smile, Steve shimmied down the bed until his face was right next to the tent in the sheet where Tony’s cock hid.
Pistol to the ground, Steve cautiously passed row after row of dark storage units. The sounds of bullets and battle cries felt far behind him.
“Oh my god,” groaned Rhodey. “The hero worship is strong with this one.”
He remembered their escape as no more than a blur of shadows, red bricks, and dark corners until Steve set him down against a wooden crate. Tony looked around with lidded eyes. He has no idea where they were. Only that there was a bright white light above, white washed walls, a back door, and the sounds of an infrequent wind down the alley. Probably meant they were close to a main street and traffic.
“And subject myself to something worse?” Tony gasped. “Steven Grant Rogers, don’t you dare.”
Steve took a second to emotionally prepare himself before putting his hands back under the water. Goosebumps ran up the back of his arms. He let the water cascade down and around his fingers. The cold felt good on his hands. The brusque chill helped ground his thoughts. Helped him not think about the ‘what if’s and ‘should have done’.
Schmidt bellowed on. “England, France, and America are to blame for our misfortune! They punish us for the sins of our fathers. They punish us by taking our wares, giving us less than our due credit. They force us into work that is unfitting for men of any nation. They are the source of our economic crisis! And what do we do? We blame the banks when the real blame is larger than that. The blame is on them! On England! On France! On America! But when we look to the countries, to the nation, to the leaders of our nation, they blame us! Make our brothers and sisters in the home country carry crates of money just to pay for the necessities of life.”
“Yo!” Sam grabbed Steve’s shoulder and thrust him down into a pile of smelly black trash bags. Steve tried to get up, but Sam just pushed him back down. “What the hell is wrong with you? You need to calm down.”
“But you do poop, right?” Tony asked as he leaned over and whispered into Steve’s ear. “If you didn’t, what would happen to all that food you eat?”
The first volley came to an abrupt halt. The distinct silence of units reloading stilted the fearful cries of civilians trying to get away. Knowing their opening would only last a few seconds, Sam and Steve scampered away from the cart as fast as they could and into the slight better security of a brick alley
“Really?” Jane was almost jumping out of her shoes with excitement.
“Tony?”
“Tuesdays,” Tony said with that dashing smile. “I’ll remember that.”
“So, what do you think? Bet it’s not what you expected,” asked Tony, not minding his appearance of red suspenders hanging down from the top of his pants and sleeves rolled up just enough to give Steve a show that made the crotch of his pants feel a little snug.
Bruce turned around to face him, face warped in utter confusion as to how Tony got from point A to poing P. “Huh?”
God Tony hated that word. Pepper was so much more that that, not that he would ever say it aloud. “Yes?”
“Maybe,” said Tony, propping himself up just enough to watch Steve get dressed. “But is it worth the risk? I was a very sensitive, smart kid, remember? It doesn’t take much to figure out we’re fucking.”
Steve let out a heavy sigh. “I should at least check to make sure he’s okay. Care to join me?”
“So,” Tony drawled out the word in anticipation. “You forgive me?”
Tony stared up at Steve, frozen in place. This was happening. This was really happening. He had hoped for this, but he dared not wish for it to actually happen. Now that it was, Tony was at a loss for words. “You might regret that,” said Tony, knowing full well that they weren’t talking about donuts anymore. “The air was knocked only a few minutes ago. They’ll be dense and raw and difficult to swallow.”
“Whatever gave you that idea?”
“We don’t,” admitted Tony. “But that doesn’t mean we abstain from ‘personal’ recreational activities.”
“Too fucking bad Obie,” snapped Tony. Hours of working tirelessly in the lab, and the drain from interacting with people under a pleased façade had taken its toll. “You wasted my time by sending that arm into production when I specifically told you not to do that. Do you know how many hours I’ve spent trying to clean up your mess?”
Tony smiled at the dream as he fell further down. Sleep sounded good. Sleep sounded very good. Sleep entertained the dream and gave him motivation to never wake up.
Sam’s eyes fell on their fearless leader. “Steve?”
A purple arrow flew through the air and released a large cloud of thick, grey smoke. The Hydra member erupted into a coughing fit as they breathed the choking air.
He heard the familiar clicking of a moving headset as Stane picked up the receiver. “I hope you know what you’re doing Tony.” Stane’s words held an edge of animosity instead of caution that Tony had expected.
Iron Man punched the remains of the door open. Inside was worse than the outside. At least now the family had a slightly better excuse to renovate the place. The shoddy lights had been shot out completely and gray dust filtered through the rays of light from the bullet holes. Blood spatters decorated the once pristine walls. Moans of pain echoed down the brick walls making his heart race. Where were they? It shouldn’t be that hard to find two of his best people.
Bruce sighed. “Not much we didn’t already know,” he said, plopping down in one of the seats. “Hit on the shop was coordinated by someone in Hydra, but the guy you brought me ain't spilling on who.”
And that stupid determination was what broke him.
Steve felt the next few words hesitate on his tongue. Should he say it? He wanted to say it. It sounded so right. Could he? He couldn’t rub his thumb against the back of Tony’s hand to reassure him that all that was being said was true. But he wanted to. He wanted to so bad. Tony looked like he didn’t believe anything Steve was saying. And Steve wanted him to believe. Even if it was only for a second. He wanted Tony to trust him. He wanted to touch, but he couldn’t. Instead, he went with the words on his tongue.  “I want to know what this is, so I can better understand you Tony.”
The wolf opened one eye and gave the meat a cursory glance. He sniffed the air, made a face, and turned back to go to sleep.
Steve didn’t bother to lift his head when he heard the familiar whine of energy. The bright definition of white light against Steve’s dark shadow told him more than enough. He was dead. A single blast from Iron Man’s hand would end him. If he was lucky, Bucky might be able to retrieve some of his ashes after the battle.
“You said if I showed you mine, you would show me yours,” Steve replied, parroting the words.
"You should meet him in real life.” Tony’s stance was relaxed and there was a twinkle in his eye that Steve had never seen before. “Not the suave scientist he seems like on paper, thank you editors, but still just as smart. He'll blow your mind if you give him the time.
Rescue nodded and sent a blast straight into the far blockade. That was as close to a “Be careful Tony,”
“What? Can’t take a joke, old man?”
“Just take your time, Steve. We’re not in a rush.”
“Are you trying to come out with me? You know you can’t. Look at what you did to Bucky.”
Hope everyone has a happy and safe Halloween. Stay spooky!
Slowly realizing where that thought process lead, Tony scrunched his face. He must really be tired if he was thinking of Steve after all that had happened. He flipped over on his side and tried to look at the other options. However, as hard as he tried not to think about it, the haze of physical and emotional fatigue slowly began to infect his brain with sappy and sweet thoughts of impossible possibilities.
The dark blue of Steve’s eyes danced around the streets in agitated anxiety. “That bird.”
Tony froze. His stomach dropped. Reality washed over him like a bucket of cold water. He’d been found out. This was the end of everything. He’d be kicked out of the Red Cross without a second thought. Tony couldn’t go back to working for Howard again. He just couldn’t.
“Right where you need me Mr. Stark,” said Pepper, as she disembarked from the elevator.
“But you weren’t content with that. You saw my brain map, thought it was interesting, and called me upstairs so you could analyze and understand me better. You didn’t find what you wanted, so you kept calling me up and it just grew from there.”
He was close now. Steve was so tantalizing close. Their bodies were flush against each other like two pieces of a puzzle. The sound of music, laughing, and a harsh reality had faded into the background until it was nothing more than white noise. Every doubt, every logical thought disappeared from his head until all Tony could focus on, all he could feel, was Steve. Steve’s strong arms. Steve’s strong hands. His dark eyes surrounded by long, beautiful golden lashes that any girl would be jealous of. All Tony need now was to feel Steve on his lips.
“Everything’s fine. What is the last thing you remember?” Steve asked as he helped push Tony up into a sitting position.
Tony’s body tensed in apprehension. “Screw you Rhodes. I try to be the mature adult for once in my life and you accuse me of carrying my heart on my sleeve?”
“Understood, sir,” said the woman in white, her face a complete blank under a similarly shaped silver and red helmet. “Go ahead and check on the others inside. I’m sure they’d like to see you about now.”
“Yes, it is!” insisted Steve. ”You have a business card. That means a permanent contract! Who else would celebrate with you? Pepper? Rhodey?”
“Nice to see you too Steve,” she said, hint of a smile in her voice.
Tony snorted. “Pepper says it’s a mess. Still better than my lab back in Boston, but getting there. I’m just two or three explosions away from really making it mine.”
Tony looked his daughter in the eye and said, “Yeah, honey. I think it’s perfect.”
It swirled around Tony’s mouth, finding every crevice and claiming it as its own. It fucked Tony’s face with wild abandon until Tony’s hips began to move in time with Steve’s thrusts. A stray finger moved from Tony’s plump cheek down to his tight hole. It pressed against the quivering flesh and sent a wave of pleasure up Tony’s cock so it stood at attention like a soldier saluting his commanding officer. Every nerve in his body was jumping with arousal.
“Tony?” her soft voice broke through the dark comfort of silence.
“I’m thinking okay!” yelled Steve. “I don’t have a contingency plan for everything that happens and I definitely don’t have time for dealing with this type of shit! I never dreamed that we would ever have to deal with the stuff the big boys deal with-” Steve paused, his brain processing
As the sun began to set and the bright blue of the sky began to fade, Tony took shelter under a large blue and white beach umbrella. He had moved the wooden table and two recliner chairs off the beach house patio and onto the sand so he could watch Steve fish for their dinner. Well, it would be more accurate to say Steve was chasing their dinner.
“How do can you be so sure?” asked Steve. “With everything that’s been going on, how can you be sure about anything?”
Tony smiled at the passing scenery as he slipped out of the poor man persona and slipped back into Tony Stark: billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, and small time boss.
Steve knew Sam meant well, but the expectant look in his eyes, Steve couldn’t deal with it right now. He let out a rushed breath of exhaustion, letting his head fall and his shoulder slouch. “Something, nothing, I don’t know.” He rubbed the back of his head with a calloused hand. He was out of ideas before, and now he was out of energy. “All I do know is that whatever we do, we better do it quick. We’re running out of time.”
With Sam at his back, Steve made his way down the hall to what he assumed was a type of mud room. Hooks for jackets were drilled into the walls, white tile covered the floor, and multiple pairs of dirty boots were shoved into a corner. The room smelled like wet dog and the floor looked like it needed a good scrubbing.
Tony looked at the enclosure and saw the wolf, sitting politely at the edge of the cage staring intently at Tony’s breakfast.
“It’s just a standard precaution. Nothing to worry about,” said the good doctor, seeming thankful for another party trying to the keeping the peace. “If you’re still amenable to the idea, just step behind the bar and we can get started.”
The growling stopped, but the wolf remained hidden behind the tree.
“Yes, you really are!”
“Can you blame me?” Tony asked with a flirty wink. “I’m stretched between two companies and three different identities. I am the definition of stressed and overworked. I have to get my kicks from somewhere.”
“You mean exaggeration,” Steve corrected.
In the absence of loud music, he could hear Tony on the phone. The rich familiar sound of his voice was caked in power and authority. Cautiously, he took a few steps closer, not wanting to step on something and accidently destroy the delicately balanced discord. Pepper stood a few feet from Tony, back ramrod straight and at attention, waiting for him to finish his business.
Clint shrugged, his shoulder against the threshold of the door. “Hey, whatever floats your boat boss.”
It all started when Tony accidentally took Clint’s five sugar coffee concoction instead of his normal black with a splash of milk. He’d shuffled into the kitchen as usual, and grabbed the nearest cup of coffee off the kitchen counter. Normally his cup was a few inches from the edge, but Sam and Clint were having an early morning argument and Clint’s cup got switched with Tony’s. Tony, in his sleep addled state, grabbed Clint’s mug, took a sip, licked his lips, shrugged, and then shuffled back out of the kitchen like nothing was wrong.
“That’s what I came to talk to you about,” Steve interrupted, as if explaining would make everything better. “We got jumped real bad today. Guys had Tommy guns and grenades that did damage like I’ve never seen. Almost collapsed a whole building on top of us. We need arms from the Iron Family to protect ourselves.”
“Your Uncle Obie is a sexist pig,” grumbled Natasha.
“And what happens if you die Steve?” Tony yelled, forcing his way into Steve’s face. “What happens if you get caught in the crossfire? What then? That’s another death that I caused, more innocent blood on my hands, and I don’t want that to happen to you!”
A spark of red flared up along Steve’s spine. He squared his shoulders and slowly circled the guy until they were face to face. Reaching into a back pocket, he flipped out a large pocket knife. Keeping it close to his hip, Steve twisted the blade in the little light available seeping in through the covered windows. Steve stared down the equally tall opponent, daring him to do something about it. “Do you bleed red?” he glowered, voice low like a predator ready to pounce.
