"Gone," Castiel said, doing one more sweep with his eye-tech and coming up blank for other signs of life. "The child must have made an escape out onto a balcony or down the side of the building, so I don't know what more we can do for them…"
“It’s alright,” Castiel said, meeting Jody’s eye. “You can ask anything.”
“Like, if we’re gonna date now, or if we’re, like, exclusive, all that kinda thing. He’s supposed to be leaving real soon. I just don’t wanna get ahead of myself.”
to get married to Lisa. Castiel confessing how he felt would only make things more awkward between them, with it all out loud. Not for the first time, Castiel hated the feeling inside of him, the way he felt about Dean. If he could just make it disappear, then he could be a better friend.
“Slowly,” Castiel said, when the pleasure verged almost on pain for a second. “Slow – unhh – slowly, Dean, please…”
Dean shifted slowly beside Castiel, jostling him, and when Castiel looked, he saw Dean’s mouth moving. He looked back to the creature, and saw that her gaze was still fixed on him. She came closer. Castiel began to struggle to move backwards, pulling away, trying to disentangle himself from Dean – but there was something about her presence that held him still, rigid as the tree at her back. And she breathed in and Dean, too, had now frozen.
This time, Dean didn’t move a muscle. His eyes on Castiel’s were suddenly very solemn.
the guy.
“Castiel,” she said.
The part of Castiel that had been hoping Dean really did want all the way out of his marriage to Lisa took its final blow, and crumbled. It was just like Charlie said, and Mary – Dean seemed unhappy to be getting married to Lisa, but he also didn’t seem to want a way out, either.
“You came back.”
“I thought it might help if it tasted nicer,” Donna said, sounding uncertain. Dean wanted to laugh - there was something so ridiculous about being served ice-cold water with a hint of lemon to get him through an extremely undignified panic attack - but instead, he just said,
“Sounds good,” he said.
“That doesn’t sound too bad,” Castiel said, and Dean glanced over at him.
“Take care,” Dean offered a little darkly as she stumbled over to her bag and picked it up with her free hand. She offered him a thankless glance, and then smiled weakly back at the Angel, and walked away down the alley.
“Good morning,” Charlie said as Dean sat down next to her on a couch, lowering her book for a second. “Hey. Someone looks clean.”
Dean swallowed hard.
After some thought, Castiel turned down the heat under his frying pan, tapped through his phone, and hit
“Right. Yeah.”
“Ah.” Dean swallowed. “Forgot about that.”
“Aww, yeah, I remember.”
Castiel remembered Garth Fitzgerald talking to him at the airport back in Las Vegas – what was it he’d said? Something about Dean actually getting to enjoy his night because he’d left the party and gone to just be with Castiel. Maybe there had been something in that after all, Castiel thought, despite his scepticism at the time.
Dean turned away. He used his left hand, the hand with the ring on it, to briefly cover his mouth.
Dean bit the side of his lip, staring down at the text. Did he want to talk to Sam again tonight? It felt as though he’d gone through that phone call, managed to earn a rest. And even though Sam said he wanted to talk again so soon, Dean felt in his gut that it would be better to let things rest for a little bit, let it sink in before they tried to talk about it again.
He took another deep breath, and let it go, and clenched his hand tighter.
“Yeah,” Dean said, way too fast. He winced at himself.
“Nah,” Dean said. “Nah. You with your flatscreen and your law books. Nah, you – you won’t be stayin’.” He started to back away.
“He sounds like a jerk, anyway.”
“Uh… did you not see the guy? He looked so awkward trying to get out a compliment about this.” Dean gestured at his whole ridiculous ensemble.
“What?” he said.
“Oh. Okay?”
” he copied. “You keep saying that. Dean, it’s over. We can’t contain it. It’s going to be out there.”
“Can I…?”
Castiel looked back to her, and Mary met his eyes.
The chair beside Castiel stayed empty as the rest of the plane filled up. Castiel reached for his phone, doing his best to look unbothered. They weren’t all at school in Corelia anymore – it didn’t matter if Gordon sat next to Dean or Dean sat next to Ash, it just didn’t matter.
Dean, who had been about to extricate himself from what had definitely become an embrace as they’d got more comfortable with posing together, stopped moving.
“Go ahead,” she said. “Please.”
And a tear escaped. Goddammit.
As they watched him together, Castiel took an unselfconscious glug of his drink, and scratched his ear.
He was taking the long route. Claire, at least, wouldn’t be awake for another half an hour or so, and probably Kaia and Krissy too. Alex was always an early riser, though, and Patience as well. Castiel bent down as he passed a bottle lying in the road outside a closed-up bar, and tucked it into a bin as he passed. His feet felt right walking this place in a way they just hadn’t in Vegas. He belonged in this city, which had adopted him and raised him – which Dean had shown him, in games of hide-and-seek when they were kids, and nights out on the town doing their best to be incognito as adults.
“Now,” Castiel said. “We’re on a date. Right now. This is it.”
“Castiel?” he said. “What does
“Who’s there?” Dean called. He brought up his gun, knowing that it was useless - he couldn’t fire in here, not without visibility. A wall could be a foot away, the bullet could ricochet, and Dean could accidentally shoot himself in the space of a heartbeat.
Dean thought to himself.
"This - this is completely insane. This is insane."
It felt so close. But the pain in Castiel’s heart said,
Castiel understood it now, as the rush of release neared; he wanted to do this together, closer. Dean slowed, and stopped, Castiel making a stuttered noise as he pulled away.
“They can’t,” Dean said.
There was nothing else in here to like, Dean saw suddenly. Something clicked into place in his head. What Cas had said made sudden sense, and put into words a feeling that he’d had, himself, for a while.
The words echoed in Dean’s head, round and round, as he checked and checked to make sure he hadn’t misunderstood. Hadn’t misheard.
When Castiel went to close it, he couldn’t help looking outside through the narrowing gap between the door and its frame. The trees were sturdy silhouettes in the gloom; the sky was a riot of stars above. In the patch of damp mud that he and Hannah had worn as they walked from the car to the house moving boxes, he could see the hoofprints of some kind of animal.
“I’m going home today,” Castiel said, and when Dean looked up from his phone with a slightly indignant expression, he held up his hand palm-down to stifle the protest. “Just to pick up my suit, and my invitation for tomorrow.”
They’d already talked so much, though. So much more than normal. And it had gone well. Dean decided to quit while he was ahead.
Castiel’s heart squeezed – he saw Claire’s eyes go wide, and immediately held up his hand.
Bleakly, Castiel looked around his apartment. He could see himself reflected in the upside-down ladle, head comically large on a little tiny body.
“I hope it’s you,” Dean said. “I don’t wanna have to wake up from this one.”
“Tell me what you want me to do to make it good,” Dean said roughly. “Tell me. And if you’re close, tell me.”
“Oh?”
“We do that too,” Dean said. “When I have a say in it.” He rubbed his hands together, trying to warm them up. On either side of Lisa and Dean, also at the edge of the soccer pitch, were other parents all waiting on Ben to take his kick. They were standing on wet grass, a few of them stamping their feet to keep them from going numb.
Dean was quiet for a few seconds.
,” Anna added, and the group tittered as Dean offered her a look.
Castiel thought that he was attractive. Castiel thought he was a
“Look… I can go. But I don’t want to,” Charlie said, shoving her hands into her pockets. “I’m not always, like, clued in with feelings or whatever, but… I’m here for you, you know? We can get in that car you’re fixing and just… talk.” She smiled at him, but it was a nervous smile, no warmth in it. He’d upset her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel stared up into her blank, ghastly face.
“Yeah.”
Dean watched him, saying nothing. Cas looked half-lost to his own world as he spoke, his voice quiet but evenly paced, as though he were reading off a page. Dean wondered whether Cas had thought about this stuff before, to be able to talk about it like this, or whether his thoughts often sounded like this on the inside of his head: fully-formed, gently spoken, unfurling like a ribbon.
“Your Grace,” Castiel said directly to Lisa, deciding to get it over with. “I’m sorry for the wrong that has been done to you. If there is a way for me to make amends for the hurt and embarrassment, I hope you will tell me.”
With a stoic line to his jaw, Castiel opened the text, knowing it couldn’t be anything good.
He watched Dean over the top of the shelves as he shopped. It hadn’t really occurred to him that he’d never seen Dean speak with anyone apart from him. Somehow, seeing him leaning on the counter and chatting with Gordon made Castiel’s heart hurt. Gordon laughed, and that made it worse. It was that good-bad feeling, all the way through him. Dean was liked and other people thought he was funny, too, and that felt good. And it also meant that he had no particular reason or need to pay any more attention to Castiel than to any other person – they didn’t just exist in their own little world with only each other for company.
And then the thought occurred to him. Maybe this man wasn’t in his right mind.
Every passing moment changes the gaze between them. Dean’s waiting for him to talk, not filling in the space with any words this time, but his face keeps sinking further into something that looks dangerously like realisation.
“Good,” Cas said. “Because I just bought your Christmas present today.”
“Thanks,” he managed. Maybe he had killed it, after all. Maybe they’d just be awkward around each other for the next five minutes and then Cas would get up and leave, and that would be that.
His breathing was way too quick. Dean tried to steady it; he took slow, regular lungfuls of the little office’s gasoline-laced air and opened his app back up to send another text.
“Gordon,” Dean said, and walked up to the counter to shake the man’s hand. Castiel followed suit. He’d never greeted a store owner like this, but he guessed it was more of a thing out here where there weren’t so many people always passing through.
this is a week for using our GROWN UP WORDS. COMMUNICATION. TALKINGGGGGGGG. or something. Go out there and say something you mean to someone, friends. Say something true. Tell the nearest person to you what your favourite yoghurt flavour is. Just let the honesty roll out of you. WHOOSH. <3
“Come here.” Softly spoken. And Dean didn’t look up, didn’t meet his eyes – only took a step forward, and put his chin on Castiel’s shoulder, and his arms around Castiel’s middle.
“Um,” he said. “Why wouldn’t he know that?”
“I don’t know what the hell I’m doing here, man,” Dean said.
“No, but -” He broke off to laugh when he thought about the
After a kiss like
He took a moment to breathe. To take in where he was and the choice that he was making. The revenant said that the pain couldn’t be stopped. He didn’t know if it would be different for him, because he was still alive and still human. Surely this pain in his chest would work like human pain? And his heart stood a chance of mending? But assuming the worst – assuming that the hurt would never end, and he’d carry it with him either until he died or until he gave it on to someone else – could he do this? To help a creature who’d been trying to frighten him away, and a man he barely knew?
“I was right there with you,” he said. “We’ll save the marathons for later.”
Charlie held up a finger.
“It’s way too hot for this,” Dean said.
“Did they put the wards up?”
“That’s the face you always used to make when Mom told you to eat your spinach.”
“Right. Well. Wanna find out?”
“Too early for a mentor talk,” she said. “Please try again later.”
“Why?” Dean demanded. Lisa stopped nodding, and instead made a concerned and vaguely disapproving face, mirroring Dean’s tone.
Finally,
badly. What he wanted, actually, was to be eighteen months deep into a relationship with Castiel that felt rock solid and to be able to look back on tonight and reminisce about their first date being this one.
For Dean, and only for Dean, he could do something that felt this wrong. For Dean, he could go to the stupid bathhouse, and he could go to the wedding.
Dean’s face creased, falling into lines of worry that Castiel didn’t completely understand.
Dean had come out to his brother. And he still
“We used to hang out every day when you finished work,” Sam said, and his voice had gone distant as he looked back at the memory, as though he were trying to be dispassionate. Dean looked up at Bobby's garage through the windscreen without seeing it. “I’d come pick you up from Bobby’s and we’d go to the Old Firehouse and play darts and just… you know… hang out. You started blowing it off a couple of times and then you just… stopped coming.”
Castiel was quiet. He thought about the figure in his bank account, and how far it had shrunk in the last two weeks.
He drew in air.
And it’s the last thing Castiel wants.
(See the end of the chapter for
With each new picture, something different crossed his features. With one, a slight smile. With one, what looked like a slight wince. With another, an eye-widening moment of apparent alarm. Until finally, he reached a picture and stopped moving, and simply looked at it.
“But why’d we have to be the same for that? I mean – this?” Dean frowns, as though almost losing track of what he’s trying to say, talking all around it without using any words that are too big.
“Well,” he said. “It’s only been, what, a couple decades that I’ve known you. So honestly, not sure about the trust thing.”
Castiel pulled his hand down as though he’d been burned, and whipped his head around to the window. Standing outside, in front of the giraffe-shaped bouncy castle, was a photographer with his camera raised. As Castiel watched, he clicked the shutter another few times.
“Good morning,” said a bright, friendly, professional voice, and Dean stopped swearing under his breath to smile down at a beaming woman with brown hair and blue eyes.
“Wh- you’re with someone? Who?” Gabriel demanded.
Castiel could feel his heart in his mouth, and it was heavy and hopeful, and he could barely breathe.
“Nah,” he says. “Nah, I don’t wanna spoil the fun.”
“But what if it doesn’t work,” Dean said, making an attempt not to sound too wretched. He watched Castiel, waiting for him to give up, to say this was already too much work, that it wasn’t worth it, and they should just carry on going as they had been.
Cas was watching him, and Dean could see a hundred thoughts chasing around inside his head.
“I don’t read my comments,” he said. “You know that.”
Dean’s ears seemed to prick up.
He was going to talk to Castiel Novak about interior design.
“Mm.”
Castiel took Dean’s hand and shook it, looking disapproving.
“Of course I invited you,” Castiel said, with an expression of some consternation. “You live right across the road. It would have been incredibly rude to miss you out.”
They walked away side by side, leaving Dean and Castiel standing together – surrounded by people talking, people who cared about them, and yet in the midst of it somehow alone with each other. Dean’s hand reached out, and brushed Castiel’s. Castiel took it, and held it.
They carried their snacks further inside, heading for their screen, which was still all dark and mostly quiet. Dean had chosen tickets at the back, assuming that Sam would be the one to come along, and Dean would be able to use the relative emptiness of the seats around them to be able to pelt his brother with mostly-unwanted trivia about the movie without bothering any of the other people at the screening. Sam wasn’t here, though. It was with Castiel that Dean sat down, and looked out over the all but empty theatre.
“Once,” Dean said.
“Shit. Shit, shit, shit,
to be able to stand it. There was no other choice.
“Why don’t we just tell them the truth?” Charlie asked, wiping at her eyes, and tucking her hair behind her ears.
“Hey,” he heard Dean say. “How’s mom?”
This time, Dean turned and switched the lights to setting number three.
“Oh my god, so much.”
“So?” Dean said.
So, it was… it was probably reasonable to assume, wasn’t it, that the remote might work on
“Yes. The people I’m - these people definitely didn’t say the right thing.”
“Glitter’s okay,” Dean said, “I’ve done glitter.” He sought for some humour. “Just don’t tweeze my brows, I’ve heard that hurts.”
“Seriously, it’s cool,” he said.
Castiel breathed in and out steadily, his eyes closed. In dream, he saw a green-eyed, freckled face.
Dean drove into the centre of town, floating several yards above his own body again - except this time, it was exhilaration that had him flying.
“And,” the Queen finished, “you’re going to make a statement to the press. You are going to tell them that you are not married to Castiel, and you’re never going to be.”
Dean stared at him.
“Dean?”
Castiel blinked, and then took the hand that Dean held out to him. He got to his feet. Under the light touch of Dean’s hand, Castiel was moved back towards the sofa, and then Dean was releasing Castiel’s erection from his pants, dropped them to the ground. Castiel stood naked, aroused, in front of another person, for the first time in his life. Dean’s eyes were on his body, his mouth already slightly open, and Castiel felt a rush of heat run through him, overwhelming.
“It’s alright,” he said. “I just need a moment.”
“I’ve wanted it for so long,” Castiel said. “I always imagine… us…”
She was going to do it. Castiel could hear it in her voice. He’d heard that tone in the courtroom a hundred times – a thousand times, even. He’d heard that hesitance, the wariness.
He was going to miss this, when he was back home. And he was going to miss this city, Paris. He’d heard so much about it - it was always hyped up so high - that he’d thought it could only disappoint. But it was awesome, he had to admit it. Around every corner was a new wonder. Going home would mean finding a new fast-food outlet on each corner, instead. And speaking of food, the restaurants here were incredible; Dean had never ea
“Chatty,” Dean said. “Aren’t you.”
Dean wanted to smile but he thought he might have forgotten how. Was he already doing it? He breathed out, and it was kind of a laugh of happiness and kind of an exhale of shock.
Castiel was frowning.
Castiel yelled.
"I don't know," Sam said. "Maybe I miss it because I'm not there."
"Uh… well, I thought I'd just do another quick round. I didn’t even get to tell you about what happened the other day in the Underlight. There was a lawyer down there, Sammy. A lawyer in a suit that had to cost a crapton, who apparently was there the week before, too. Something’s up with that. I wanna go look at the building she came out of. See if I can figure out ."
“Can we go back to learning about how to automate, now?” she said.
’re married with
After a few minutes, Castiel couldn’t take listening to it any longer. He went inside.
“Yep,” Donna said cheerfully. “Usually we all just spend Christmas on the road together, but this year Castiel said he wanted to go back to Alaska. So we said, well, fine, we’ll go back to Vermont, I guess.” She beamed at Cas, who smiled back at her, though Dean could see the tension in the tightness of his jaw and the lines on his brow. When he looked back at Dean, there was a slightly pleading edge to his expression. A half-moment of silent communication passed between them.
“Demon,” Dean repeated. He was going to have to talk to Jo about it. It was one thing to try to get reluctant customers to come out of their shells, and it was something else to not be able to take a goddamn hint when it was being clearly given to you.
“Sorry,” Dean muttered. “I really don’t do this - much - I just…”
he wanted Dean to say.
Was Cas not Cas’ real name, just some kind of nickname? Maybe he was one of those people who preferred to go by his middle name. Or - he’d said he didn’t get on with his family, so maybe he had too many bad associations with his given name of Jimmy, and usually went by one that he’d chosen himself.
“I… yeah,” Dean said, his tone a little hollow. “But Cas, I don’t know if that’s going to work, ‘cause –”
“She’s running sweeter than the coffee.” Bobby nodded his head, looking satisfied. He shoved his hands into the orange pockets of his overalls. Around them, there was the hammer and buzz of the other mechanics at work.
much better than the rest of us. Oh, man, he
“Been taking time off more’n usual,” Bobby pointed out, as Dean half-turned to go. “Everything OK?”
Dean could see that Cas looked deflated, even a little embarrassed, across the table.
Quiet.
He breathed out.
Softer, more to himself, Dean said,
“Uh,” he said, and couldn’t figure out what to say next.
That was ridiculous. Didn’t he know how much better he could do than Dean? Jesus Christ. This meant that Castiel probably had actual expectations of what it would be like to be with Dean. Expectations that Dean would unavoidably end up disappointing.
She looked away.
Whatever it was about this guy that was driving up his rating, Dean had to know. He had to figure it out. Even if it meant having to learn a bunch of stuff about some old English literature at the same time, or whatever the hell it was that Castiel taught.
He said nothing.
He thought about Castiel’s sweater vests. His tea. His face as he’d poured their two milkshakes together in the movie theatre.
“Yeah. He just doesn’t know that sometimes it involves sequins and feather boas.”
“That was when you knew?”
He drew out his rune-blade, and walked towards the sign of the star.
But it could. It could. He had to bear it. He couldn’t die.
“I’ll take it back,” Dean said, interrupting Castiel’s thoughts.
“I, uh…” Dean said. “Yeah. Okay.”
Dean didn’t want to lie or brush him off, but also didn’t know how to explain that the way Castiel had so easily asked for something to be made just the way Dean liked it – it made Dean feel so – so right, standing next to him. Dean felt good. Felt like Castiel had his back, like – like they were on the same side. In a way that mattered. But it was just a milkshake, and that was a lot of thoughts to be thinking about a milkshake, so Dean said,
Just two words, but they got him into the parking lot at the school, his hands shaking, the milkshake on the passenger seat by his side.
, she said eventually.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Yeah, it’s great.”
“Don’t,” Dean said, pushing back a grin. “It’s stupid, I know.”
“No!” Dean cried out before he could help himself, spinning and then realising that, without the slice of light through the door, he had no idea which direction he’d come from. He whirled in place, losing his balance for a moment in the dark and holding out his arms to steady himself. The rustles were getting louder.
As they entered the movie theatre, Dean held the door open for Castiel.
“You said it was all a huge mistake for you,” Dean said. “‘Cause it’s you and me. Fine. Sure. And you said it’s weird for you now. I get it if you’re angry with me about getting you into the whole thing. But if you could at least tell me, then it wouldn’t be all – it wouldn’t be like this.”
“Oh. Well – anyway, thank you for the class. I’ll see you on Sunday, then? At the movie theatre?”
“Dorothy, though,” she said.
Dean looked up at Cas, who was pushing a single fry around his plate, doing a bad job of disguising that he was upset.
Castiel wanted to listen. More than anything. He thought he knew – he
saw an Instagram notification flash up at the top of the screen. She opened the app, her eyes narrowed in anticipation. She’d chosen the very best of the pics she’d snapped of Dean and Castiel to post. There was no way any
Dean grinned.
Dean. He needed to tell Dean. One foot landing squarely in the puddle of milk he’d just made, Castiel made for his front door, which he threw open. He still didn’t have Dean’s phone number, and so he wandered helplessly out beyond the porch of his house, eyes scanning the trees.
Something was off. It was on Dean’s downcast face, it was in his body. Castiel saw it clearly, now. And he would think it was the wedding to Castiel himself that was causing the trouble – only, that had been a far more recent development. This change in Dean seemed to have settled in longer ago than Las Vegas.
“Well,” he said roughly. “What are you waiting for? Sell the place. Go back to the city.”
“What more could you ask -”
Cas wanted to date. The hot rush in Dean’s chest was back, and the accompanying punch of guilt readied itself… but held back. Because Cas had said yes.
When Dean had made that face, in his own mind he’d only been looking at Cas. No more nor less than that. Apparently, this was what he looked like when he looked at Cas: both smitten, and devastated.
“What? What do you mean?”
As Castiel considered how to reply – and if he even should, or if it was better to leave the supposed hacker to their own devices – he felt his stomach growl. Lost in the endless scroll of his Instagram feed, he’d completely forgotten to eat for most of the day. The texts from this person had finally broken the spell.
With a blink, Castiel had a brief picture of her in a stetson, before realising what she meant.
And Castiel looked up, out into the forest, as the wind seemed to pick up and the trees rustled and the leaves skittered. The mobile lay in an unappealing pile on the porch’s wooden flooring at his feet.
Castiel stared up at her. He opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it.
“But –”
For the first time, a little visible flush of colour touched Castiel’s cheeks.
Charlie snorted, and then checked the time on her phone, and made a face.
“Shit, you guys went off to score?” Ash said, and Harry Spangler and Ed Zeddmore made sounds that could have been disappointment at the idea of them taking drugs, or disappointment at being left out. Castiel watched all of their faces as he thought frantically. Somewhere towards the back, Dean’s brother Sam was the only other person in the car who looked visibly uncomfortable.
“Oh my God,” Dean said out loud, only now remembering them saying that. “He’s literally right there. Oh my God.”
“I think sometimes it’s just like that,” Castiel says. He meets Dean’s eyes. “You can try planting them in the place you want them. Cut them back. Put a stake through them.” He resists the sudden, unexpected urge to reach up and touch the place on his chest where, years ago, Dean buried a knife in his heart. He swallows. “But sometimes there are things you can’t control. And even if it’s not… not healthy, or pretty, or the way it’s supposed to go… that’s how they’ll grow. Just towards the place they want to be.”
Castiel woke up on the day before Dean and Lisa’s wedding, and picked up his phone, and checked his emails.
“Oh, huh. Okay, cool. Got it.”
Dean closed his eyes.
Dean fixed her with a gaze that he tried to keep from being too bleary.
read his phone screen, when he looked at it. Castiel let out a breath, and closed his eyes for a second before answering the call.
“Come on, Novak,” he said, as the door shut behind Castiel with a genteel
“I thought you were from the North,” Cas said drily, and Hannah cracked a smile.
“Okay, so. This is gonna sound… like...” Dean might have stopped there, lost confidence, if the guy had made the wrong face. Instead, Dean was faced with an expression of accepting curiosity that kept him talking. “The thing is, we’re on vacation together, as friends. But every
“He invited me to audition for his show,” Dean said, in a voice that was quiet. He didn’t know what exactly Sam was feeling - but by his tone, it wasn’t good.
“You don’t know what I can do,” Castiel said, indignation starting to edge his tone. “I used to go camping all the time.”
Cas’ chin dropped, hiding his sudden pleased expression.
“Sure am,” Dean said.
“And you… you want that?”
“Apparently they had the logo of some kind of logging company on them.”
“And you didn’t try to stop him? Or call after him?” Sam said.
In his cleaning fervour, Castiel hadn’t quite made it to the cupboard under the sink. The dust was still thick here - and all through it, over the pipes and on the bottom of the cupboard itself, there were little footprints.
There was a silence. Behind the revenant, her tree groaned a little, and a shred of breeze sang eerily through the stiff white branches.
And Dean visibly blossomed. His mouth fell slightly open, his shoulders loosened, one hand reached out unconsciously.
For a second, it didn’t register. Castiel went to answer, tell her that Dean was in the bathroom. And then, quite suddenly, what she’d said hit him.
“I don’t know. I thought I wanted to try oat milk,” Castiel said. “To see if it’s nice.”
He left the bathroom, and found Dean still sitting on the edge of the bed in the quiet of the hotel room. The detritus of their night out was sprawled around him – bottles, food wrappers, a broken lamp. Somehow, inexplicably, a large plastic sign on the floor that said
that’s kind of similar to
-----
“Huh?”
“Shut
“Please,” Castiel said, once more. “Surely if we’re not citizens of America…”
The song that Dean sings is a real one! Steve Earle's Someday. I've wanted to use it in a fic since Forever - when I first watched spn, I heard what make Dean's car was and thought "oh, like that song Someday". And it's FINALLY MY TIMEEEEEEE.
“No,” Castiel said. “I was just thinking… you are a ‘ten-chili guy’.”
human? Was that definitely what had happened? The revenant had said that belief and expectation was what made creatures the shape that they were. But Castiel had thought she’d meant big groups of people, whole cultures of belief. Could one person’s belief really change things that much?
“No, it’s mine. I – she – we’re the same. Like she’s a part of me. The part that holds the pain.”
“Are you in some kind of trouble? Do you need a place to come to?”
“Yeah,” said Dean’s traitor voice, urged on by his traitor freaking heart, which still had itself wrapped around the idea of seeing Cas again. “Yeah, I am.”
and – and he held his milkshake out for Castiel to take in his hand, but instead Castiel just stuck his straw in and took a sip while Dean was still holding it, doing his best not to stare, and definitely not succeeding.
Castiel frowned. He turned his attention inward. And there, immediately – there it was. The place in his heart that hurt. Sharp and new and dark. He hissed through his teeth as he felt it. It wasn’t the overwhelming dark and burn of the revenant’s touch, but it was just a part of it. Enough to make his bones feel cold on the inside. He shivered.
Dean followed Castiel’s gaze over his shoulder for a second, and then turned back to face the front.
He couldn’t take it back now. Like that first look at Cas, across the bar, when he’d sung the Adele song - like every time he sang with Cas around, really - he’d done something he couldn’t take back. Revealed himself in a way that couldn’t be hidden again. He kept his head low, kept playing. His heart was pounding, aching, and he put that twist of pain into the music, into his voice.
He lifted his arms up, and let the water wash away the bubbles.
“Ovviousssly I was,” Charlie said sleepily. “What about?”
“Uhh,” Dean managed. “Mnh – Cas –”
“I’m sorry I made you feel like you were trapped,” Gabriel said.
Dean looked at him, and expected to see a stranger - but Cas was looking right at him, and only at him, his eyes asking the questions that Dean could have guessed Cas, the Cas he knew a little and liked a lot, would ask.
Sitting in his lounge at noon the next day, Dean logged onto his Zoom, and started the meeting.
“Did you kiss him yet?”
“Shut up,” Sam said amicably. “Yeah, anyway, this new place is okay. Loads of great people around. The boss is awesome. So much better than Crowley. I think I can actually do some good stuff here.”
“Right,” Dean said, pointing at him. “Right.
“Ow,” Dean said, but he couldn’t help it – he was beaming, the happiness inside him just too much to contain for long. Charlie opened her mouth to insist on a proper answer to her question, when she caught sight of his smile and stopped.
meant spending a night at the Roadhouse and seeing how many times he could reach the bottom of a bottle - and last night hadn’t actually been any different. His spot at the bar practically had his name on it.
The question has no ending, but it’s Dean, so the answer is yes. Castiel nods.
“Great,” Jo said. “Good. We’ve probably got enough to...”
“You could’ve,” Gabriel said defensively.
One of the windows was open, and it blew a light breeze through the curtains and across the room. Castiel breathed in the fresh air, and looked down at Dean. He should wake him. But there had always been something about Dean sleeping that Castiel could never quite manage to disturb. The Prince of Corelia had always slept late and slept badly for as long as Castiel had known him, except on the nights when he and Castiel had crashed together after long evenings of movie-watching or drinking or talking.
“How come?” Dean said, knowing his tone was off. Cas was still looking away. He didn’t say anything.
“It’s fine, really.”
Castiel nodded, looking down at the scuffed floor under his feet.
“You need to be back before six,” Dean said. “There’s a thing happening. All the guys are gonna be there.”
Last time –
“And all you did was be yourself, like you said,” Dean replied. “And honestly, I’ve been thinking about it… the, uh, the spiced cider really did amazing things for my ability to think clearly…”
but somehow the words wouldn’t come. Instead, he found himself holding eye contact with Dean for slightly too long, reaching for something to say that wasn’t a confession.
There was no thought, no pause, no worry. He stood up. Dean turned to face him fully, his gaze dipping to Castiel’s lips. They reached with hands first, holding onto each other, pulling each other in – insisting on each other, on closeness, on nothing less. Their tightened grips said,
“You’re back up to a seven!” she said.
Cas stared at him, clearly expecting more. Dean tried waiting him out for a few seconds in silence, hoping Cas would say something else, but Cas had that determined look in his eye that told Dean he was going to have to be the one to say something.
“Take something? My life?”
With a frown gathering on his brow, Castiel considered the letter. Dean’s birthday wasn’t for months, so his royal invitation for that shouldn’t be here already. What else could this possibly be about? Why wouldn’t Dean have just texted him? If this was another prank letter that only said “what up” with a smiley face, Castiel was going to have words.
There was a part of Castiel, something that felt deep-rooted and intrinsic, that rebelled. Surely he and Dean couldn’t ever really be over. Surely there’d always be another moment for Castiel to overanalyse. Another expression for him to read too much into. Another gaze between them, that would linger and then hold.
“From the students," Charlie said.
“It’s yours,” Castiel said blankly. Throwing it away hadn’t even occurred to him. He realised, belatedly, that it might have been the more conventional choice, and wondered if he’d embarrassed himself.
you just handed him back his wallet, right?”
He eased his hold.
If Cas was going to try to insist that they talk about stuff, well – the drinks would probably be a good place to start, but Dean would need to psych himself up to the idea of trying to explain anything at all that had happened between them.
“He can still do the deal?”
“You,” he managed, thick through his feelings. “Just try to imagine for one second that you weren’t the one getting married tomorrow.”
“Seriously awesome,” Sam said.
“Good?” Dean asked.
He let his eyes close. Once Dean was done with the papers, he’d say something, and Castiel would open them again. He could just let them rest for a second until then. He settled himself more comfortably against the pillows.
“So… doing anything nice for Christmas?” he said, now wanting to steer the conversation away from his rant. Cas didn’t look put off - if anything, he seemed to have quite enjoyed it - but Dean was fairly sure he was going to remember
“Then –” Dean said, the single word husky, urgent. “Then – Cas –”
“Please. What did you try to get me with yesterday?” Charlie tapped her chin mock-thoughtfully. “Pacific Rim? You know I’ve seen that thirty times. You were there with me for at least two of them.”
“We were at school together,” Cas said. “A long time ago. We recently reconnected...”
“Yeah,” Dean said, trying to sound confident. “I just - whoa -” The room dipped and spun, blackness eating at the edges of his vision, and even sitting on the floor he felt himself start to tip sideways and fall. He caught himself with a hand, and blinked. “No, I’m okay, I just, uh -”
-----
“It’s gone,” Dean says.
It was awkward.
“Cool,” Dean said, not pressing further. He watched Cas, trying to understand his vibe; he seemed kind of chilled out, kind of friendly, but you could never tell - and that handshake had been weird. There was a little something to him that made Dean want to know more about him, though, figure him out. And he'd only been nursing a beer solo so far tonight, anyway - his usual gang hadn't been able to make it, but he hadn't felt like staying in his own apartment. “So, what brings you here tonight?”
“Mm-hmm. A full ten out of ten chili peppers.”
He walked inside. The floor was concrete. As the darkness swallowed him, his vision didn’t improve. He blinked furiously, trying to help his eyes adjust, but he couldn’t see anything. There were faint rustlings in the dark, little technological clicks, and a breath that could have been a breeze, or a half-whisper, and then -
“I agree. If you trust me with it, I think I’ve got this.”
Cas, more gracefully than his dancing would have allowed Dean to expect, flipped his leg over the sill and was gone, was free; Dean, hearing Jody’s footsteps pounding closer, shoved himself through the window any way he could make it. Arms flailing to keep his balance, he pelted outside and half-stumbled; Cas caught his weight, and then they were off and running. They made it round the corner of the building without anyone calling out their names or a demand to stop, but they kept up the pace until they were a full block away from the theatre.
Dean studied him.
Through all their half-spoken, clumsy sentences, somehow that was easy to say. It was such plain, obvious truth to Dean that it didn’t even feel like an admission.
“No,” Castiel said. He repressed a shudder. There was something about the way the nex used his own thoughts to speak to him that made his skin crawl. The twisting knife of happiness dug in deeper, and his sensation of discomfort eased unnaturally.
So. Everyone knew.
Dean shook his head.
“What? You’ve never asked me out on a date.”
The rich pink paint on the walls. The photos of smiling newlyweds. The tacky glittery hanging decorations everywhere.
Castiel took a bite out of the tagine that had been served to him on a delicate porcelain plate, and chewed. It tasted like cardboard in his mouth, even though he knew that on any other day it would have been delicious.
He pulled himself out of his thoughts by taking a sip of his tea, and looked up to find Donna watching him.
Dean headed for the little office in the garage, which had the little fridge where he and everyone else who worked at the garage stored their lunch. This morning, he’d only remembered he even needed lunch when he was almost at work, so he just had a crappy, pretty limp-looking sandwich from the little indie coffee shop further down the street, the best he’d managed to pick up for himself.
“Your food will be up in a few minutes,” she said. “Castiel, what do you want?”
“I know. But it could be.” Cas said it flatly, without even a touch of an imploring tone to his voice - but Dean could feel it, underneath the surface. How badly he wanted Dean to sing.
"I can't give any more," he said carefully, "without losing the ability to give at all."
“Oh man, Blue Öyster Cult,” he said. “Hell yeah, now we’re talking.”
At least, that was what Castiel had thought, before Dean had leaned over to him in a Las Vegas bar and asked if they could please get married so that he wouldn’t have to go through with it. But Castiel had tried to bring that up with him in the hotel room, and had been summarily shut down. It must have been a brief case of cold feet, and that was it.
"Dean. Your suit is ripped. Do not go down there again. C'mon, you know better than that."
They didn’t make their dinner reservation.
No. Not the Versace. He kept digging, and finally settled on a plain white t-shirt that he wore often, but which wasn’t irreplaceable.
The transcript.
He saw the attacker’s throat twitch as they swallowed, and then the lightknife crackled out. Dean relaxed, ever so slightly. He pulled the muzzle of his gun away from their skin and uncocked it. The attacker looked to be about his own age, with dark brown curly hair, pale skin, and blue eyes. They weren’t moving, still seeming tense, and Dean realised that on their other side, the Angel still had his curved scimitar runeblade to their neck.
“Sounds good,” said Dean. “Sounds better.”
wanted that not to matter. And yet here he was, outside the theatre, and his feet weren’t walking him away. They were, now, marching him up to the door.
Beside Kaia, Claire blew a bubble with her gum, and then let it pop.
“Cas,” Dean says, and then seems to be at a loss. Castiel doesn’t say anything. There isn’t anything to say, so far as he can see.
He needed it through the discussion about the bathroom surrounds.
asked the voice in Castiel’s mind that was able to say what his mouth couldn’t.
“It’ll be bad,” he said.
he thinks to himself. What a clinical way to talk about the tearing, the self-destruction, the loss.
It didn’t quite feel good, that. But it didn’t feel bad either. It just felt a lot.
Everyone knew.
A second of static.
Dean said.
He waited for the backing track to kick in, wondering why he’d even chosen this song. He’d sung it in the shower this morning, and the morning before, maybe that was it.
When he was done, he washed up his plate, and all the things he’d used to cook. And then he washed up all the other plates that had been steadily building up over the course of the past few weeks, since he’d last been able to summon up the will to do the dishes. The lemon scent of soap filled the kitchen. He scrubbed down his counters, and wiped off his faucets. Emboldened by the success, he put on a load of laundry, did a sweep of his place to clear up the clutter, and then decided to tackle the bathroom.
“Take care, then,” Gordon said, and watched him leave.
“About how we used to… hang out…” Dean said.
“But Dean doesn’t want to be,” Claire added.
“Staying,” Castiel finished for him.
, or were he and this guy just both the same wavelength of weird? Either way, the guy was nodding, and Dean’s heart leapt.
Castiel pressed his lips together, very hard, so he wouldn’t laugh.
“I, um,” Cas said. “When you texted me yesterday… I thought when you asked me that, you were asking me on a date.”
“Makes no difference.”
“You know,” Castiel called after him, “for someone who keeps telling me I’m going to leave, you definitely do it a lot yourself.”
Cas’ mouth twisted to one side, but he nodded at Dean's question.
Cas was heading into the chorus, now, and Anna subsided to listen to him sing.
, even though I’d never dated a blind person before.”
“So,” Charlie said composedly, “I’d say… yeah, Dean. I think you have a chance.”
“Okay,” he said, putting his hands on his hips and looking out across Castiel’s messy hotel bedroom. “Okay. Look. We gotta stay calm.”
“You can’t just leave…”
Sam snorted, and the tension melted just a touch.
They were probably wondering what it was that he’d done, Castiel thought. What could a rising star in the legal world have done, to be sitting in the back of someone else’s car dressed for the cold and heading for a house in the middle of nowhere?
. Anyway, what’s up with you? Two-day beard? Yesterday’s shirt? A slight hint of
“I just don’t know, Dean.”
With his back to the wall and Dean in front of him, Castiel stood completely still and clenched his fists.
And then, Dean breathed out. And as he breathed out, on that sigh, he murmured,
“It’s to keep him safe,” Jody said.
“Uh…” Dean blinked at the change of subject; whatever he’d been expecting, it wasn’t this. “Well - uh, you know, I don’t really sing… for anything like that…” Cas was pulling out his phone and scrolling on it, and Dean’s hopes that he might be about to get Cas’ number were somewhat confused by whatever else seemed to be happening. He was so sure they’d been having a moment of some kind, and now… an audition?
“What?”
“Yeah. The lyrics to these songs aren’t bad, really.”
“So I should probably head off,” Hannah said. “It’s a long way back to the city.”
“Not lost,” Castiel said. “Yet. Just going to get some groceries.”
Putting his phone away in his overalls, Dean stood up. He wandered back over to the car that he’d spent the day fixing, and picked his wrench back up in a kind of blur; he wasn’t panicking, now, but just feeling somewhere kind of outside of himself - as if his conscious mind, so used to the same routine every day and now being pushed to its emotional limits every other second, had just decided to take a vacation outside of his poor endorphin-rinsed brain. He floated somewhere near the ceiling of the garage as his hands worked on the car, feeling like a vaguely interested passenger in his own body. When someone tapped him on the shoulder, it took him what felt like an age to turn round.
“... And I know that he’s into guys romantically. But, like... he sings about it like he doesn’t know what the hell it actually is to fall in love with someone, and not be able to help it in the slightest and be pissed off about it and scared about it and do everything you can not to, while also totally never wanting it to stop, it’s like… it’s so much more alive than he makes it sound. Every time I hear one of his songs I think, does this guy really know what it’s like?”
Castiel?
“I can’t,” Castiel said. “Dean, I can’t.”
Cas turned around, holding up a packet of Oreos, and Dean snapped himself out of the imagining.
to him again, Dean would have imagined it so sweet and unlike them. But this, this was happening. Cas’ forehead against Dean’s. Cas’ voice saying those words,
The chapel.
“You’re a scavenger,” he said in a low voice. “Here to profit off people who can’t make good decisions and are willing to do anything to escape their circumstances. Even if it’s the worst thing they could possibly do.”
Dean’s face, just for a moment, looked open and surprised.
“You’re – killing – me,” Castiel said. “Please – please, let me go –”
The question wound Castiel's anger tighter.
“What did you think?” Castiel said as he began to move – picking up his milkshake cup and sipping up the last of it, before getting to his feet.
He could make sense of life here, right here. He had to. He stepped smartly over towards the hanging monstrosity, lifted up the key in his hand, and used its edge to saw through the fraying string holding it aloft. Dust huffed off its length as he worked for a few seconds, and then -
“I can take you back,” he said. “I’m not in a hurry.”
people showing up for a gig like this? How had they managed to limit it to so few, keep so few people in the know? How was Dean being allowed in the building when he was just an invitee of another invitee - it wasn’t as though Castiel himself had deigned to bestow a personal invitation? Dean swallowed hard.
They reached the door of the breakfast room, and Dean went to open it; before he could get to it, though, it flew open, and Charlie froze to a halt in the doorway.
Did that mean romantic history, or just… history? He swallowed again, and tried to gather his thoughts.
The milkshake was still in Dean’s hand, resting awkwardly on his knee.
“It’s worth it.”
“I’ll come,” he said. Dean made the face that Castiel recognised from the night before, the one that meant he was pleased.
Dean came a little closer. Just a step or so away, now, so that if he’d wanted to – no, if he’d let himself – Castiel could have reached out and traced the tips of his fingers over the sweat and condensed steam running down Dean’s bare chest.
“No. My family are all in Alaska and I don’t enjoy visiting them, anyway. I’ll just… you know, read.”
Imagining Dean and Lisa posing with the kids at the place where he and Dean had visited so often turned the emptiness in Castiel’s stomach to anger. He knew Mary meant well, but the children deserved to be more than a photo opportunity. And it was Dean and Castiel’s place to go and be themselves. More than anything, it was Castiel’s place, where he’d grown up.
“Ah, shit. Thought I only got insulin. Crappy dealer cut the stack with adrenaline…”
“I know,” he said.
“Ah,” Dean said, waving a disparaging hand, and then slowing himself.
Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Do you ever wish things were… you know… different between us?” Jo asked.
“We’re just talking,” Cas said, and Jody raised her eyebrow - the effect was indeed, Dean had to admit amidst everything, pretty heavyweight - but made no further comment and closed the door again. For a few moments there was quiet, Cas watching Dean and Dean looking at the floor, trying to figure out how to phrase himself.
“Listen,” Charlie said, “I swear. A couple Zoom calls, some emailing, that’s it.”
He held out his hand and pointed the remote control towards the tree. The sounds of people laughing and chatting inside was a buzz in his ears. After just a moment of hesitation, Dean pressed
And he was about to turn away, when he saw something change. He frowned, and squinted out over the city.
“Okay.” Dean cast another worried look towards his father, and then made a meaningful face at Sam when he looked back around. “I’ll find something. I think we have some of that apple juice left over.”
He hoped the message would be enough of an explanation. He saw Charlie glance towards the chat, and then launch into talking about her own thoughts on how they could repaint the exposed brick in the kitchen. Castiel nodded along seriously.
“Not after the wedding, of course,” Mary interjected. “You’ll be living here, in Mariport.”
“Uh,” Dean said, his mind fully short-circuiting.
“Mr Fizzles can sense my ass.”
“I actually don’t remember,” he said. “I just booked the first thing that I saw so that we definitely had seats.”
“It’s you,” he said. "Damn, Cas, it's really you."
Castiel smiled too, at last.
“Oh!” Charlie said.
“You pretend to yourself that you’re just keeping it private, but deep down you know that really, you’re keeping it secret. There’s a world of difference. And you’re keeping it secret because you’re hoping to make it be not real. And when you try to convince yourself that a whole part of you isn’t real… and doesn’t matter, and doesn’t need to be shown to anyone or told to anyone, or really admitted even to yourself...” He trailed away. For a few moments, they stood in silence in Dean’s blank-wall apartment with only the hum of the oven for company, looking around.
Dean found the entrance to the alley, the one from which the lawyer had first fled. He crouched for a second, staring down the dead-end road towards that star-shaped neon sign at the end. It flickered teasingly, winking at him.
“Yes,” Castiel said, having only taken in less than half of what she’d said. The corridor they were standing in was slowly getting brighter as, outside, the clouds burned away under the warm Corelian sun.
“It’s a milkshake. Half chocolate, half caramel. Uh.” Dean cleared his throat roughly. “Uh, look. I’m not good at this stuff. But I really need you to know that I never meant to make fun of you, or trick you, or… nothing like that. See, I thought we were going to the movie as friends but before we even met up there, I, uh. I realised you were a real… a real ten-chili guy. And I really wanted it to be a date. And after I screwed it up, I did come after you because I wanted you to stay, I just… like I said. Not good at this stuff. Honestly, I’m… I don’t know why I’m even trying this, except that you said you, uh. You liked me, and I –” Dean paused. Here it was. The heart of it, the embarrassing truth. Castiel’s face was impossible to read. “I like you, Cas. Uh, Castiel. I – I like you too. So I thought. If you wanted. We could maybe.” Dean’s sentences were getting shorter and more clipped in the face of Castiel’s unchanging expression. “Maybe have a do-over.”
“Shouldn’t you go alone? You said she doesn’t hurt you, and she… pretty clearly wanted to hurt me, last time I met her.” Castiel shuddered at the thought of her, those grub-pale hands reaching out for him.
“Dicks.” Cas said nothing. He looked iced-over, pale and sad. How bad had it been? What had they done to him, to make him look like that? Dean felt his fists clench under the table.
Only now they weren’t just two friends, making jokes.
When the letter arrived through the door, it did so with a very ordinary
“Nah, it’s OK. That song means a lot to me, is all.” It felt like a relief to own that, to say it out loud.
But if Dean wasn’t here, that meant Dean didn’t want to be here – and Dean had allowed Castiel his space the day before, to feel his way through the new shape of his heart. So now, Castiel could do the same.
“Yes,” Dean said, more firmly.
“Come on. I’ll show you inside.”
off to Sam as just another game night… no, he’d turn it down, he’d have to, but could he even do that? Was he going to have to sign something to say he’d do the concert if he won?
“Yes,” says Castiel simply. He reaches up, and tilts his hat back.
He typed it out, read it over a couple of times, and then sent it. Almost immediately, his phone lit up silently with a return notification.
The oven was up to temperature, then. Castiel took in a sharp breath, and did his best to brush off the sensation of unreality. Maybe the salt was just a cleaning technique that he didn’t know about. He could call up the realtors in the morning and ask. For another second or so, he stared down at the salt line. In the place where he’d touched it, there was a gap.
“To fall in love?” Cas said.
Charlie grinned at him.
“No way,” said Harry Spangler. “Honey. You want honey. Takes longer to lick off, she’ll like it…”
“He said he’ll move out next month.” She waved awkwardly at Castiel, and then at Dean. “Sorry I was the bringer of bad news. Uh, for what it’s worth…” She paused, and then shook her head. “You know what, it’s your business. Just, uh, take care, okay?”
“It’s taken care of,” Castiel says, at the same time as Dean mouths the words along with him, his expression exasperated with a spiderweb of hurt threaded through.
Castiel watches him mutely.
The ad finally finished.
“Yeah.” Dean said. “Right.”
Was it wrong? Probably. What right did he have to push Cas for reasoning behind holding his orientation back from the public? What right did anyone have to demand that a queer person put logic and words to the indescribably huge and looming fear of coming out? And what right did he have to ask about the rest of it, the mask, when he knew so little about fame and what it could be like?
The teen singer, Patience, went out on stage; she looked even younger on camera, bright-eyed and nervous. Her voice sounded just as great as Dean remembered, though, and the video cut out before she started to get pitchy towards the end. Next came Meg, with her confidence and her moves. She was making eye contact with the camera as she sang; Dean hadn’t even realised where the cameras were. When Dean won, she must have lost her mind, Dean thought. She was a pro.
There was a soft knock on the door, and Dean turned; Jody opened it, and poked her head around.
“Stop,” Castiel asks.
He opened the door of the Cullinan with a respectable clunk.
to happen again. But for a second, there, the little brushes of something real that sometimes passed between himself and Castiel, Dean had felt them broaden into bold paint strokes. It had been so, so good. No pretence, no thought. A sudden deepdive into not feeling alone.
“You followed me,” Castiel said.
He pushed open the door. It made the same long squeak that it always made, the one that Dean had always used to mimic every time they’d walked through it together as kids.
like that. Could’ve had anyone, but he’d gone with Dean.
"Sam," he tried saying out loud to the empty car, "Sam, I'm…"
“Yeah.”
“Is everyone ready?” Charlie said. She looked up towards the back, and noticed Castiel standing next to Dean. For a second, Castiel saw a puzzled expression cross her face, but then she hitched up her smile and gave them a thumbs-up. “Looking great, you guys. Donna, Jody, can you scooch a little bit left… great. Okay.” She backed away. Castiel, heart thudding in his chest, watched her walk to where he should be standing, out of shot.
“Ready to go?”
“Dean, if you’re not ready - maybe I can still get them to stop the -” Cas said, sounding concerned.
“What’s going on?” Cas demanded, stepping over to take the laptop. Jody looked over at Dean, her eyebrows raised.
He glanced over at Charlie as Cas took a drink, while the sounds of Ash choosing a new karaoke genre boomed behind them. Charlie gave him a big overemphasised wink and a thumbs-up, which he waved off, embarrassed; across the table, Jody was watching everything with those sharp eyes of hers, and Hannah was looking a little pink and pleased. They met his eye, too, and raised their eyebrows.
No, opening up might be an issue for Cas, but for Dean it just didn’t feel like a big deal. The problem that Dean could see was a far more logistical one. Cas was going to play his show in Austin - and then he’d have to move on to the next city, the next gig. He couldn’t stay here with Dean. And sure, people did distance relationships, but were either of them going to be ready to call it that after just a couple of weeks of knowing each other - especially at the pace that Cas was keeping to, which was slow and easy? What were they going to do, have Dean fly out every weekend to wherever Cas was touring for a quick date - Singapore, Sydney, wherever - and be back in time for work on Monday? This, off the back of a late-night meeting and, if Dean were lucky, a couple of weeks’ worth of dates? And… a show in front of thousands of people, where they were going to apparently sing… together?
was only a surefire way to get himself badly hurt.
“You really like it here?” he said.
“Everyone is so excited to see him. Like,
“What do we do now?” Castiel said.
“See you at school!”
“Yeah,” he said. Cas offered him a tentatively supportive smile, and Dean returned it.
“I used to sit and listen to that song,” Dean said. “Over and over, and imagine getting out. Getting free.”
“Did you kill someone? Because if you did, do
He thought for a second, and then sent,
“He’s up at the Harvelles’ old place,” Dean said. Gordon met his eyes for a second, and a moment of wordless communication passed between them, before Gordon looked back at Castiel.
“Yeah?”
“No. And she certainly won’t be getting her nex back.”
There were shadows moving outside the window. Just trees, trees in dream, Castiel told himself. Maybe he’d never been fired. Maybe this was all a nightmare, his sleeping mind’s slow horrorshow, while he slept in his room in his city. The salt grains felt sharp on his fingers.
“Auditioning,” Cas suggested.
And then rub it in Castiel’s face, obviously.
“Cas,” he said.
“Shhhh,” said someone in a seat not too far ahead of them. Dean ignored them.
“The point is,” Castiel interrupted. “We can’t just talk. You –”
did he have to be so stuck on this guy? The first moment Dean saw him, he was going to march up to him, ask for his number, and then - whatever the answer - he was going to get the fuck out of Dodge.
“Of course. You completely ignored every single one of my invitations. You didn’t RSVP once, Dean. In fact, I’m afraid you’re fairly notorious for it.”
“Your shape?”
But when Castiel stooped to pick up the letter, it was thick and the paper was high-quality. His name and address were printed in dark blue ink with little curlicues on the C and the N. And when he turned it over, he saw a familiar symbol stamped on the back: a bear rampant, beside a blooming five-petalled flower. The Crown Prince of Corelia’s personal symbol.
“Can I get you some… water?” Jo said, her head tilted slightly to one side.
“Uh-huh.” Gordon was watching him closely. “Never had him buying groceries for anyone else before.”
Castiel watched Charlie grin at the rapturous look on Lisa’s face, before she slung her backpack off her shoulder and unzipped it.
“If you’re going to upset your brother or if it’s upsetting for you yourself to do this, let’s not,” Castiel carried on, when Dean didn’t reply. “It’s probably a terrible idea. I don’t know anything about this place. I only said anything at all about it last night because I’ve read a few fantasy novels and I was reminded of them for a moment. Just one moment. It was throwaway. It didn’t mean anything.”
“Nothing.”
“But – I mean –” Dean tried to pull himself together. Castiel had to be joking, and Dean was just making an ass of himself looking like he actually believed it. “I mean, okay, dude. C’mon. Be serious.”
“No, it –” Castiel made a little noise of frustration, and pushed the phone away. “She’ll know if it’s not you. She might even think your phone has been stolen, and not pull the pictures. You just have to do it.”
“Hey - hey, Sam. Sorry, I’m here. What’s up?”
“He’s still living with you?” Dean said, attention momentarily caught. Jo rolled her eyes.
league?”
"I didn’t go in. I wanted to patrol first. It's my routine." Looking back, Castiel felt a clutch of worry that he’d made a poor choice. It had seemed as though there had been no rush to get the insulin to Samandriel, but how much of that reassurance had come from observing the facts of the situation and how much had been artificially rendered by his nex?
“No, it’s fine,” Dean says, his tone taut with bitterness, but his face carefully unbothered. “That’s fine. Deal with it by yourself. That’s always gone so well. And meanwhile, me, I’ll just, what? Wait for you to give me the bad news, I guess. That’s great, Cas. Really. You know, you –”
“He has? And you didn’t
His voice gave out when he tried to put even a little of how he was feeling into words. Castiel leaned in, and kissed him one more time.
He wished they could just be on that stairway again. That they could be that close, that certain of each other, that unafraid because they were
Dean sucked in a breath.
How was the idea of pasta making him so happy?
“I mean it, though,” he said, brushing past the compliment. Cas frowned, and then nodded down at his plate.
“All except one,” Jody said, patting Castiel on the shoulder in welcome before leaving the room to go and stand at the bottom of the stairs. “Kaia, so help me
“No,” Castiel heard Dean say, breaking through his thoughts.
Dean had Castiel inside his mouth. Dean was using his tongue –
He made a show of yawning widely, and Charlie took the hint.
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean, his expression surprised.
Dean waited for more, looking out of the open door. The sea sighed up and down the sands. Castiel paused, and then he said,
“You’re beautiful,” Castiel said softly. “You’re so beautiful.” He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Dean’s upper thigh, breathing in. He felt Dean’s hand on the top of his head, pushing gently into his hair. “I want you so much.” Another kiss, now just to the side of Dean’s cock, against the curling hairs there. The sensation against Castiel’s lips made his whole body ache with want.
“That…”
The world was blooming around Castiel. The leaves on the trees they passed were emerald, the canals were ribbons of silk. Every face that watched them run by was beautiful. The city was a pair of hands out flat, letting them go running free across her palms, tracing her love-lines all the way from the cathedral to the place they’d always gone to when they were letting their feet carry them anywhere: Saint Crispin’s, Castiel’s home. Castiel’s breath was coming hard now. Dean’s hand was hot against his own, but he didn’t let go. He didn’t
“Yeah. Or whatever it is that’s happening now where I can’t even, like, believe anything is even happening.”
“I mean, not that I think you aren’t good-looking,” Castiel said, looking at Dean. “I don’t mean to be rude…”
In a way, Castiel had spent all morning with Dean, inside his head. Being with him in real life – having the actual, breathing Dean beside him – was so much better, and so much more awkward.
“It’s a front,” Dean said.
“Like… do you need some help?”
“No, no, not tonight,” he said, trying to be graceful. His heart was pounding just at the idea of having to get up and sing in front of Cas. When it was just the normal crowd was one thing, but in front of someone new - someone who he kind of -
“And then moved here,” Dean said. He drizzled oil into the pan and set it over the heat on the stove. On the countertop where he’d been working was a mise en place that looked like something a professional chef would have been proud of.
With a grunt, Dean went back to his coffee. Eight o’clock in the morning on a Monday. It was too early to talk to anyone in the teachers’ lounge. Especially Castiel.
“It’s fine,” Dean said repressively, interrupting him.
“Because,” the stranger said, “
“Yeah,” he said.
His heart was thudding painfully, and he didn’t even know why. Dean still hadn’t moved.
“Sometimes people need a simple, dancey song to lift them up,” Anna said fiercely. “And he has other songs that are slower and more heartfelt.”
“Yeah. Well, you too.”
“Hello,” the stranger said.
“But you… you did that…”
Instead, Castiel looked down at the ground. He was just a few steps away from where the leafy carpet ended, and became flat undisturbed earth.
“I mean… no,” Dean said. “Honestly.”
However they’d arrived at the idea of going to a bar, it didn’t particularly matter when Castiel was thousands of miles away. Had deliberately ditched, in fact, which was more of an obstacle to them having a nice evening out tonight than the distance between them, but Dean wasn’t going to say that directly.
“Here,” Castiel said, “Dean –”
Like,
“Yeah, definitely. He hadn’t guessed, I don’t think. But he was awesome. He said some good stuff. It was kinda like you said, actually. Like, he knew that what he was seeing, my apartment and everything, it wasn’t all there is to me. I didn’t think he’d be picking up on it but he was, and… yeah, I don’t know. It’s just good.”
“I see,” Gordon said. “Well, any time you need something, come on down here. Anything I don’t have, I’ll try to order in.”
there was a tension there, as though he
Dean really had had a job at a filling station, back when he was probably too young to have been doing it, but no one had been checking up on him or the owner and it’d made some extra bucks.
“Well, actually,” Dean said. “I kinda wanted to ask. About the revenant. About what happened, exactly. I didn’t wanna bother you with it last night, but… so, you took some of the darkness into you.”
“Before she came,” Dean said, “I thought I knew what happened. After. After you die.”
“Out of my damn mind,” he said. Charlie nodded.
“We were.” Castiel began to move for the door, not wanting to tempt the Queen’s displeasure by waiting too long to go after her. Sam fell into step with him as they left the dining room, following the sounds of voices down the corridors. “Sam… I wanted to say, thank you.”
In his mind, he saw the face of the so-called criminal in the Underlight from earlier. One kiss worth’s of lipstick from any of these people’s makeup bags would be enough to keep their brother alive for a few weeks at least. But all these people were too busy giving their kisses to each other.
It’s so small and barely-there that Castiel can’t trust it. He can’t know how this ends. It’s a rope thrown into down into his well, though, and with no idea what waits for him at the top, he still puts his hand on it and wonders if he’s strong enough to begin to climb.
“What? But I’m just – I’m – I mean –” Dean sought for the right words. “I’ve only got seven chilis,” he said, more than a little weakly.
A nameless fear shifted to the front of Castiel’s mind and he wondered whether he could keep his promise, whether he really could be Dean’s friend after the wedding, with no romance at all. Not just whether he could bear it – which wasn’t certain – but whether he could even actually do it. Could he make each moment between them mean something new? Could he force every second they spent together to be unromantic when he didn’t even know how or why the romance was there in the first place – it just was? Trying to change it felt as though it would be like trying to breathe without it giving him oxygen. Like standing by a fire and trying not to get warm.
“I thought we could just try things out,” Castiel said. “And see if we can do them our way.”
said his common sense,
“Ooh. You got it.”
“Oh,” she said. “Because he hasn’t met her yet.”
Someone coughed into the silence. Dean stood in front of the microphone, frozen. He looked out at them - the judges, the unfamiliar faces - and his throat was glued. He couldn’t do it. He
“What did he say?”
“Huh,” he said.
“That’s dumb,” Dean said. “You’re not a mess.”
“No,” Dean said. “I’m bi.” The stranger nodded. And there, in front of the Eiffel Tower at sunset, Dean had the least stressful coming-out he’d ever experienced in his entire life.
“I believe,” Dean tipped his head down, lowering his antlers slightly, “I’ll win.”
“We texted Charlie,” he said. “It’s fine. She’ll have it handled. C’mon, let’s go.”
“Oh, damn,” Dean said, because he didn’t know what else to say. When he turned around, he realised that Cas was getting to his feet. “Uh -”
Walking inside, Dean spotted Cas sitting at a table and smiled his way past the waitress, smiled his way across the restaurant, and dropped into his seat still with the unavoidable ridiculous goofy little smile on his face. In the half-second before Cas looked up, a thought flashed through Dean’s mind - that the other people outside and the leaves and the bright neon had looked beautiful, but nothing had come even remotely close to how beautiful Cas looked to Dean right now. His hair was windswept, his jaw shadowed with a little evening stubble.
All the reasons he’d not wanted to get it, all the vague worries about Cas leaving and Dean having to keep the book or make the decision to get rid of the book, seemed out of proportion when it was just pages between two covers, perfectly ordinary. No special significance, no glow around it, and no feeling in him that he’d made a big step of trust or belief in Cas - just the feeling of smooth paper. Was he disappointed by that, or relieved? Whatever. He should just read the damn poems. See what Cas had been talking about, the night that they’d met.
Castiel actually had a small smile forming on his face as the last text came in. The person on the other end of the phone clearly had no idea what they were doing. He wasn’t sure if this was just a prank from one of his friends, or if it was a genuine attempt to scam him, but it definitely wasn’t an actual hacker.
“And two milkshakes,” Dean put in.
“It’s nothing,” Castiel says.
As soon as he walked in, Dean said,
“Can I have soup when we get there?”
He was talking just to talk; the Hunter already knew everything that he was saying, and Castiel knew that he knew. After half an hour of sweaty nasty brutal fighting with an axe-wielding monolith of a man, struggling to get an angle on him without endangering the child behind the door he'd been attacking - after several near misses of that sharp axe blade near his face, his neck - he felt like filling the space up with words.
After a moment, he turned back, and walked up to the counter.
“Did I miss anything?” he asked.
“Right,” he said. No company on his first night here, then. That was alright. He’d be fine. Only slightly murdered by ghosts, possibly, maybe.
“Uh huh,” he said. “Mm-hmm. And what was that about you not getting in trouble with people, people getting in trouble with you?”
“Now,” Castiel said. “I know that after other works we’ve studied,
Dean at the altar, smiling at him. That stood out sharp and clear.
“That’s an idea,” he said. “We should do that sometime.”
“I know,” Castiel says, and the words sound little and obstinate, but his hands relax. Dean is looking at him like he gets it – like he sees that curling fear inside Castiel, the one that can’t let them be two different and separate things that just happen by the grace of luck to be next to each other. Because luck runs out, and they both know it. The only way to be sure of staying together, the fear says, is to be so much the same as to be one thing.
Cas reached up, and to gasps of amazement, he took off the mask he was wearing. His movement was quick and practised, and the feathers were gone. Underneath, he was the same guy that Dean knew - except now his hair was a lot more messy, ruffled by the mask’s dark hood.
“I said, you’re looking pretty damn fine.”
Sam narrowed his eyes, and Dean cursed internally. Every day Sam got a little smarter and a little harder to keep happy.
“I know.” Dean shrugged. “I didn’t know if you’d wanna do any of that crap, though. Human stuff.”
“Yeah. I mean, I like to be invited
Dean’s eyes flickered over Castiel’s face, taking in what Castiel knew had to be his visible uncertainty. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. In a movie, Dean would be on one knee now, or sweeping him into a kiss while the music swelled, but – but they’d never even kissed before, and Castiel didn’t want to for the first time in front of everyone, he wanted it quiet and perfect and just them, and – and was Dean really doing this? Was this really happening? Could Castiel really be thinking about kissing Dean as a practicality instead of a fantasy? Castiel’s heart was beating too fast. The room around him was blurry, with Dean a single point of clarity.
That wanting feeling, that hot tense ache that almost had Dean’s teeth gritting against it at this point, it was demanding a
Dean watched Castiel consider it, his heart thudding.
“I missed you too.” Castiel tightened his grip on Dean’s hand, and kissed him again. “But do you know what I miss more?”
“Huh?” Dean realised his mouth had been slightly open.
A car drove by, and the child in the backseat stared out the window at him. Dean blinked back to reality.
“Maybe you do,” he said, so quietly that Castiel almost missed it.
been thinking, when he’d decided on Dean. That had to earn the award for the worst fucking choice in the history of the world.
“I’m not telling you.”
Castiel tried to remember to breathe. He began to awkwardly make his way out past the guests that sat between himself and Dean – Garth, Ash, other familiar faces from the Palace, all looking up at him with expressions that ranged from incredulity to complete bafflement. Castiel heard Ash say,
“Yes,” Castiel said.
In and out. Castiel relaxed his throat. Dean’s body was starting to move, his hips rolling in time with Castiel’s movements, his head tilting back.
“Do you want to come in?” Castiel said.
“He’s afraid. And angry.”
“Yes, way.” Castiel took out his wallet and walked towards the attendant over at the concessions stand. Dean followed closely, and they leaned together on the counter.
Dean was doing the right thing. And Castiel had to do the right thing, too, even though it dug a pit of anger in him that started in his chest and went as deep as his stomach.
Dean was typing again. Castiel stirred his vegetables in the frying pan.
Alive?”
“I don’t know how you live without it,” Anna said.
Later, in a small barn by the beach, all alone, Dean and Castiel sat together and watched the huff and sigh of the sea through the open doors.
No, he wasn’t thinking about that.
“Huh?”
Dean wondered for the first time what movie Castiel had booked for them. Castiel had insisted on being the one to pay for the tickets, this time. That made two in a row that Castiel had won on, Dean thought, and made a mental note that on the next date – if there was a next date – he’d make sure to pick up the bill.
Dean was hovering, aware that he wasn’t a part of the conversation, but also feeling like it would be rude to just walk away and leave. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, still feeling a little heady on the come-down from his panic.
Dean dropped down onto his sofa, setting his phone down on the cushioned arm beside him and flipping open the pages of a book. He’d managed to catch Barnes and Noble still open after the rehearsal, and had picked up a copy of Catullus’ poems.
thought Dean.
back to her. Maybe he's helping her too now. Giving her a little more space."
“I’ll never mention it again.”
“You’re lookin’ happy,” Bobby said, as he swung by to check on how Dean was doing. “Easy fix?”
“Yeah,” Dean said, trying to sound casual and not like he’d been thinking about the way the night had ended round and round and round ever since it had happened. “Yeah, it was sorta weird.”
Enfolded in his thickest coat, with snow boots on and a scarf too, Dean stepped out into the evening. All down the road, lights shone out against the backdrop of the winter’s night. Rudolphs with flashing red noses and Santas with luminous white beards winked and sparkled in people’s front yards, and Dean’s breath was pluming into the air. He paused to rub his gloved hands together, and then patted his pocket.
“Well, I…” Dean swallowed.
Dean pulled a face.
They continued through the trees, and as they went Lisa and Charlie seemed to fall naturally into further conversation, dropping back behind Dean and Castiel as they all walked along the quiet path.
“God. I should’ve told you years ago.”
The revenant.
But there’s something he does want. And any chance at – at that – any chance at all, it’s worth the weight of being human. He made a choice and he knows he’d make it, the same one, over and over again.
“Oh, yeah. No problem.”
Dean caught the expression of the person running the booth, who was eyeing them oddly.
“Yello?” said a familiar voice. Against all odds, Castiel found himself half-smiling.
Ignoring his solid logic, Dean’s heart only raced faster when Cas texted back,
“It’s just easier,” he said.
The cars eased into the airport. Castiel stared out the tinted window, trying to stay calm. Nothing felt real, from the hurly-burly banter of the other bachelors in the car to the shining chrome of the airport entrance.
On the front porch of his home, in front of his family, Castiel looked down at the man he loved and he said,
“I got fired,” he said. And then took a sip of his whisky. The burn was good, all the way down his throat.
“You know that I…”
“No,” Castiel says. “No. I chose to do it.”
“Hold her off?”
“It’s why we came,” Castiel said.
“We can’t,” Castiel said. “They’d catch us.”
“I…” Castiel licked his lips, the salt air drying them out. “Yes. I am. Because she needed help, and I could give it. And it’s not so bad, it’s like… I don’t know. It’s different. But it’s alright.”
“I mean, I guess it’s gonna come pretty out of left field for him. It’s not like pop is usually even my thing, let alone, like… singing it… on a stage in front of fourteen thousand people, or however many it’s gonna be. And the news articles, and the Twitter thing, and all of it.”
Dean thought about it. His face was serious.
“She covered for me, though, just like you did.”
“What,” he said, “you don’t love this?”
Before last night.
He was thinking these thoughts about a man who was engaged to someone else.
“Uh… thanks,” Dean said awkwardly, closing the box of donuts. He found himself hoping that no one else would ever see that footage, and then remembered what Cas had told him the other night at their first rehearsal session, and felt his stomach drop. “That would be the, uh - the footage that’s going to be in the video of the auditions, right? The one that’s gonna be posted online?”
Mary, too, was unmoving. Castiel wondered what she was thinking. Was she going over and over the look on Dean’s face when he’d had to leave Castiel? It was all Castiel could think about. Could he really let Dean go through with this? Couldn’t he just – just stop it all –
So, this was the right place. Castiel squinted up at the building in front of him. He could go in there now, but there was no rush. Everything seemed just fine, all quiet. He could go for a walk first, just his usual Underlight patrol. That would be fine.
Dean felt tears threatening. Actual goddamn tears. At least he wasn’t panicking, just - just tears, just a tugging downwards at the corner of his mouth. He tried to push it away, closing his eyes and then screwing them up tight, fighting. He didn’t want to cry. He didn’t want to hurt. If only Sam would say something, even if it were something bad. Nothing he said could be worse than silence.
“Do you know where we’re going?” Castiel asked him. They were headed into the trees, away from the direction of the sea-breeze that sometimes rattled at Castiel’s window-panes. Dean had walked off into the woods with so much assurance that Castiel hadn’t thought to ask straight away.
“I just… I don’t know where things go from here,” Dean said eventually. “Like, what happens here, even if I stick around and don’t leave right now? I’ve gotta come and sing on a stage with you? And then you leave to go on the rest of your tour, or what?”
Castiel looked at the bag for a half-second longer than he meant to. Apparently, it had been judged a better companion for the trip than him. As he turned back around to face his own lonely set of empty seats, Castiel saw out of the corner of his eye that Dean had been watching him.
“Yeah, we, uh… we used to have a private round-the-clock guard with fancy uniforms and everything. Sam nixxed it last year,” Dean said, sounding distracted and still looking at Jo with a confused expression.
hating you.” Cas looked at Dean, then, turned to face him. “Some people get to be themselves and show who they are without having to be brave. Without having to even stop to think about it. And we aren’t those people. And those people might not understand why it would be important for us to make ourselves real and understood and seen for who we are, with what we say and how we dress, and how we decorate our spaces…” He cleared his throat, and shrugged one shoulder, seeming to become suddenly self-conscious. “But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do it. Sorry, I - like I said, I’ve been thinking about this a lot.”
“Dude, no,” Dean said, sitting back in his chair. “No, no. No excuses. It’s up to you, if ‘n’ when. Your business. I’m just…”
“You won’t be staying too long, then?” he said.
Castiel opened his eyes. He was lying on his back, sprawled across Dean, head cradled in the crook of one of his arms. He blinked upwards.
Maybe in the city it had mattered. He just hadn’t known.
Dean felt his mouth drop open. Cas’ voice was, instantly and immediately, something
He could practically hear Gabriel’s crowing when he heard that Castiel had given up on his decision to live in the forest after less than twenty minutes. He could
Anna Celeste, one half of the partnership who ran his brother’s law firm. “Look, whoever you are. I’ve got no problem with you. We don’t need to have a problem. Why don’t you step aside so that our workers can make a start, and we’ll just iron out these qualms that the two of you seem to have about our practices?”
“We will wait for your brother,” she said. “I’ve asked for Sam to be woken up for this.”
“I’ll still be your friend,” Castiel said. “After you marry Lisa.”
With one eyebrow cocked, Castiel awaited his judgement.
“Well,” he said, with haughtiness to hide his doubt, “maybe I want something different now.”
Castiel could hear immediate, tinny chatter through the earpiece that she was wearing, too quiet for him to be able to pick out words. Charlie reached up to her earpiece and turned it off.
He smiled.
“Someria,” she said, “is the richest of the Corelian provinces, I’m sure you know. So many resources, so much political influence. The financial wellbeing of the whole country hangs on Mariport’s relationship with Someria. On an international level, the stock market pays attention and there are consequences for us when things aren’t going well. If the Duchess should feel slighted… if she should turn against us, and her political allies with her…” Mary smiled at him composedly, and Castiel understood how bad it would be.
“Empty pockets,” Dean said, faking ruefulness. Ash grabbed his shoulder playfully and shook it.
“Nah,” Dean said.
“Everyone, we’re lucky enough tonight to be joined by an up-and-coming star, one of your own from Austin,” Cas said, sounding sleek and professional and confident - his Castiel voice, Dean thought to himself. “Can we get a huge welcome for Dean Winchester!”
Castiel breathes. It’s alright. He’s torn out his grace for this. He can be the person Dean needs. He can change himself again. Over and over, if needs be.
Who's this you see sheepishly wandering across your screen? So sheepish that there's some baa'ing definitely happening? Why, 'tis old whelvenwings, I do believe! Many apologies that this hiatus went a week longer than expected. I will ramble on the whys and wherefores at the end of the chapter but in the meantime, here's a new nugget of story for you!! Cooked with love. The next chapter will be up next Friday, we're back to that good good weekly upload life. That'll be the 16th August. See you then!! <3
“Uh… yeah,” Dean said. “I mean… yeah, that was exactly it.” Was his plan the obvious
“Maybe I’ll get some… tissues.”
It took forever, and it took a moment. And when he was close enough to the tree to touch it, he put out a hand. Now, now he could hear something. Now he heard a breath. A breath of wind? A breath drawn in? Castiel moved his hand closer to the tree’s bark skin. The breath became a gasp. A rattling heave at the air. He knew that sound. He recognised it. In his mind, he saw a dark figure with pale ghoulish hands.
“Gabriel,” Castiel said, “there’s something I want to talk to you about.”
Castiel was lost in his own thoughts. His chest was aching, and at first he thought it was just the usual pain he felt when his dream bubbles popped and he realised he’d never be able to be with Dean – but there was something underneath the hurt, now, something harder, something that tasted bitter.
"You asked me to search for raised heartbeats first," Castiel said, stung, because he hadn't thought of that. Hadn't remembered that the boy and his criminal sibling wouldn't know that their deliverance was nigh, after a quick patrol. “You got us distracted with this.” He glanced over at the scene before them, the attacker with his weapon out cold on the floor.
“A little,” Castiel said.
Castiel half-reached out with a hesitant hand, and then stopped. Dean eyed him, one hoof pawing at the ground – and then he nodded.
“Peanut,” Castiel said in his lowest, gravest voice, and Dean snorted.
And trust looked like Castiel’s hand grabbing the man’s, and the man tightening his grip around it, and pulling him out of the kitchen.
“Cas. Don’t –”
Dean closed his eyes. He could feel the elevator hissing upwards. Was it going fast enough? Was it possible to go fast enough? The dark behind his eyelids was swirling and juddering as though he were just about to fall asleep, but the pain from his stomach was a constant carving knife through him, refusing to let him pass out. His face felt broken, bloody, eyes struggling to open when he tried. Why were they like that? He vaguely remembered something heavy and hard swinging repeatedly at his head as he lay on the ground, but the memory was soft as a dream.
“Hey,” he said.
There wasn’t any choice about it, though. Castiel pulled off his clothes. The Angel uniform was easiest to put on all at once, so for a few moments Castiel was completely undressed, except his underwear, in the elevator. His skin rose up in goosebumps. He felt small and strangely silly, all arms and legs. His anger, his plan, his determination, all of it seemed very, very frail.
“Not the Cullinan?”
“You should be,” said Dean’s voice from behind Castiel, and Castiel felt a familiar warm rush go up his spine. He half-turned, and saw Dean coming towards the door slowly. He was still dressed in the clothes he’d worn the night before, shirt hanging out, tie hanging loosely around the open neck. He was squinting as much as Castiel had done a few moments ago. “I was busy trying to sleep off all the alcohol in this city.”
Opening his mouth to retort, Castiel caught the expression on Claire’s face. There was the usual bland defensiveness, but there – in her eyes, Castiel could see it. She was upset.
“Would you like a recommendation?” Cas said.
“Yes,” Castiel managed.
"I won't make an arrest," Castiel muttered, looking up at the Hunter.
How did he begin? Did he just say it? Which ‘it’ did he say - the part where he could sing, or the part where he was bisexual? God. The silence was drawing out.
Towards the front, a student put their hand up. Dean gestured towards Kaia, inviting her to speak.
He looked down at his one extended finger, and the hole he’d made with his other hand.
“Uh,” Dean said. He looked suddenly clumsy, awkward, as though he wasn’t sure what to do. Castiel looked down at him, and wondered what million-to-one chance he’d managed to win to be standing here. To have this life. To be looking at Dean Winchester in front of him, fumbling for words.
“That track is so underrated,” she said. “I guess because it’s slower than his big hits. No one ever gets my references when I talk about it. It’s so good to be here with a bunch of other fans who actually know all his stuff.” She hummed a couple of notes, and Dean felt something stir in his memory - he thought he actually had heard that song,
“Dean?”
in his hotel room, with a wedding ring on his finger. “This… this can’t be happening,” he managed to say.
“You’re sure?” Jody said, her gaze piercing.
“Hey,” he said, reaching out as they straightened up and clapping a hand to Cas’ shoulder. Just once, not lingering. “You OK?”
“Here,” he said, thrusting it a little roughly at Dean, who grabbed for it with a touch of awkwardness.
Castiel hesitated.
“So you know?” she said.
“Thanks, Hannah, I’ll be fine,” he said, retrieving his coat from behind the front desk and pulling it on. “I’m just going to get a taxi. No one’s outside, are they?”
Cas shook his head.
Even if it does work, six months down the line he’s going to realise he can do better than you. And he’s going to realise you’re not even worth breaking up with before going after someone else.
He wondered whether Dean would want to come.
Dean came to a halt at the end of Castiel’s row.
“She’s nice,” Dean said. “She’s really nice. But I can’t…”
“You think so?”
Dean waved him off. “I already hurled like eight times while you were asleep.”
Neither of them spoke.
“You do too?” Charlie said, and then seemed to sag with relief. “Oh, thank God. I didn’t want to tell you before he did, but also I didn’t want you to make a move on him and have him freeze up and not know how to explain it, and then things would get weird and it might have screwed up something good for you both, and also if you didn’t know what asexuality was then I wanted to explain it to you… I didn’t know what to do. God, I’m so glad you know.”
“Right. But more importantly, your rating is gonna go down.” Charlie said it with a hint of glee in her voice that Dean didn’t appreciate.
“Try telling Charlie that,” Dean said without thinking, and then cringed when he saw her face drop.
“Hey,” Dean said.
“It’s… it’s not…” Dean began, and trailed off.
“So… that means…” Castiel thought for a second. “What does that mean?”
A long pause, and then –
Did it seem as though Castiel didn’t really want to go on a date? Or that he wouldn’t really be content for them to not talk on the date? Hurriedly, Castiel began typing again.
Dean stopped himself, at the last moment, from saying
“We were just…” Castiel began.
He’d meant it to be a polite greeting, but it came out as more of a question. Jo wasn’t in her flight attendant’s uniform, now – just a pair of jeans, a dark top, and a brown leather jacket. In the corridor’s evening glow, she looked Castiel straight in the eye. There was something odd about her expression, Castiel thought.
The table went suddenly quiet. Castiel glanced around, and found every face turned to him, every pair of eyes on him. Claire was watching Castiel, her eyes weighing him up.
Mary swallowed visibly.
“He meant it to be you, didn’t he. When he asked me to choose someone he’d known when he was young as his partner.”
There was a single shot of Cas - of Castiel - from the back, of him picking up his mask and putting it on, and then turning to look at the camera with only his mouth and chin showing.
“Okay, okay. Call me if you need me though, yeah?”
Dean’s head was bursting with him. When they’d said goodbye, Cas had smiled at him like… God, were there words for a feeling like that? Or was it something you only understood if you’d felt it?
“Someone looks lost,” said a voice from behind him. Castiel’s head jerked round, and his eyes lit up. Dean was striding through the trees towards him, a grin on his face. “You know your house is about twenty paces back that way, right?”
“Oh.” There was a pause. “Well… now I wanna know. What’s the answer?”
Castiel thought he probably would. He’d enjoy it more than spending a night – the first of many – in a house like the one at his back, anyway. But he had bought the place. He was here. He couldn’t just leave.
Dean’s hand on Castiel’s hair tightened.
Ten past midnight. His jetlag was punishing him more than he’d hoped, and he was wide awake. And he knew that there was only one person who’d be at his door at this hour, with that specific knock.
When he cleaned himself up, his movements were clumsy. He didn’t look at himself in the mirror. His fingers were numb. He knocked a few things off the bathroom shelf, and left them on the floor. When he rinsed his mouth for the tenth time, as he spat, he could still taste lime.
“You know.”
By noon, the faucets were all sparkling, the grandfather clock had been wound, and he’d swept and tidied his porch. He wanted some kind of cleaner for the drains, he realised, and some tools so that he could have a proper look at his kitchen sink – and so, alone, he walked in the afternoon to Gordon’s store.
“Sounds good,” Dean said, and clicked the pen, and scribbled his name on the first dotted line he saw. He could tell Charlie was eyeing him, could feel her wariness, but he couldn’t be assed to read all the way through the damn documents when he probably wouldn’t understand half the crap they said anyway. Cas was a good guy, Dean knew that much from his charity work and his lifestyle and the way everyone around him vouched for him - and besides, it wasn’t as though Dean had a ton of money for them to steal. He flipped a page, and signed again.
Dean... had completely just told his brother Castiel’s real identity. Sam was totally going to realise that Cas was Castiel. And even though Dean hadn’t ever explicitly said who Castiel was, and his agreement in the NDA he’d signed was unbroken - even still, Jody was going to
Nothing.
But when Castiel thought about trying to only be Dean’s platonic friend he realised how profoundly different from that everything between them always felt. It had grown up so naturally that he couldn’t remember it beginning, but somehow everything had become romance with Dean, silence and speaking and touches and almost-touches, all of it, all the time. Even though on paper they were doing nothing wrong, it was – there was a feeling behind it, there was a way they did it. All these years, Castiel had doubted that Dean felt it too. But now…
Not that it was a date. What they were going to do on Sunday. Not a date, obviously.
“I know,” Castiel said. “We should go back to the party.”
yeah but look at how deans looking at him. he likes him even b4 he knows the guy is castiel.
“Okay, everyone,” Jody said. “We’re going to ask you all to go backstage. We’ll have you all mic’d up even back there for the sake of the video, so please remember that as you’re talking to each other. You’re going to come out here when you’re called, sing, and then come off the stage and sit in the audience again until everyone is done. There are cameras set up around the room, as you can see. The judges are sitting just to your right - Balthazar and Gabriel - and they’ll let us know who’s won the chance to sing in the concert as soon as everyone has sung. Any questions?”
“And it’s not gonna be the Standard,” Dean said, picking up their list and staring at the last newspaper name on it. “That’s the tiny newspaper that Jo’s mom runs.”
“Okay. Okay, cool.” Dean set aside his misgivings, and they walked further into the store. Cas was walking with a kind of giddy purposefulness and Dean followed his lead, heading past the fruits and vegetables and the dairy section. The lights above were garishly bright and there were no windows, giving the place the usual unreal and timeless feel. Children were squawking and parents were hushing and teenagers were laughing in big groups and dead-eyed college kids were walking past like zombies swinging baskets full of instant noodles, and Cas seemed utterly unbothered by all of them.
He’d spent so long worrying about his chili status, and comparing his to Castiel’s, and he’d actually let himself notice how incredible attractive Castiel was, all under the influence of an app that didn’t even work. He let himself laugh.
“You think so?” Cas sounded vaguely surprised, like he knew already that it was bullshit, but he hadn't expected Dean to think so.
And Dean.
“Truly, it’s terrible. I’m so sorry.”
“I’d help her,” Jody said, “if I thought it would do you any good.”
“When you can.”
“Oh,” Castiel said. “Did I not mention? There’s something here that’s been overlooked.”
So, he should... go home?
“Look,” Dean said. “This morning, I wanted to – I wanted to talk to you. The wedding, the one we…” He swallowed as he cut himself off, but Castiel understood. Their own wedding, in Las Vegas. “I wanted to tell you,” Dean said, “that I – I mean, uh…”
“They made a really good point about Castiel’s music.”
“You’ll just never match up to a night with Jane Austen….”
Dean opened his mouth to answer, just as the music changed again - the Scissor Sisters - and Dean grinned as Cas' head flicked round to the stage.
insisted Castiel’s rational brain.
“You can’t have both,” Castiel said, trying to keep the sadness out of his voice.
Castiel still looked concerned, so Dean cleared his throat.
No one stood up. No one shouted. Dean stood resplendent, blank-faced, unmoving.
“I… I don’t know, Dean.” How was he supposed to know what they were going to do? How things were going to be for them? All of this was out of his hands.
“No problem,” he said. Was that the right response? Did it sound like he thought he’d done them a favour? He probably sounded like a total asshole.
Dean felt a little hot rush in his chest just thinking about it, and an accompanying stab of guilt. What were they, seventeen? They were old. Too old for flowers and chocolates. Too old for holding hands. And too old for this weird tension between them, Jesus. Who got nervous and tongue-tied and awkward around a crush at Dean’s age?
“It’s not her fault,” Charlie said. “Dean, I swear, nothing happened between us. I know how it must look, but it’s in the past, and… and…”
“Yeah,” he said, “yeah, well… maybe we’re square, then?”
When he heard the tap on the front door, he realised that some part of him had been waiting for it, hoping for it. Like a fist that had been clenched expectantly inside him, that he only knew had been taut when he felt its release.
On the walk home, the bag cut into his hand and the sea air scoured the bottom of his lungs and the revenant’s hurt crossed his heart like a dark sword-slash, and yet still – even with the pain, even not knowing where Dean was or how things stood between them, even still – he felt that warm sun in his chest.
he was already close. He recognised the way the feeling built up, heat coiling inside him.
“I can do slowly.”
“There’s only a certain amount of time before it gets taken down - I give it six and a half days or so - but right now, it’s live and it’s watching you, my friend.” Charlie raised her eyebrows at him.
If they didn’t come through, what then? Did they just go on with everything as though it didn’t matter? Did it even really matter, when Dean was a Prince? Surely there was enough money in the royal coffers to make this kind of problem melt away. Or at the very least, keep it behind closed doors – so long as the PR manager wasn’t busy getting drunk.
On the front porch, wearing just what Castiel would expect him to be wearing on a warmish afternoon in the forest, was Dean. He was holding a bag and facing away from the house, looking out into the forest, but when Castiel opened the door he turned around with his eyebrows raised and a slight smile rising to his lips. The warm sun was back and it was larger in Castiel’s chest.
“Uh.” He heard Dean swallow. “I did put the part where you didn’t have to say anything to me, right?”
“Shoot.” It was terse, but not unfriendly.
“What? Wh- oh. Oh, God.” Dean closed his eyes. “Just say it.”
The two of them were sitting side by side in the fourth-floor apartment, with the would-be assailant out cold on the floor in front of them, both of their backs pressed up against the wall. Castiel was gently touching his fingers to a cut on his forehead; the Hunter, meanwhile, was running his hand over a long but shallow slash to his stomach.
“I…” Castiel sighs. “Yes.”
“Right,” he said. “Obviously it’s what you want. Who would wanna stay married to –”
They looked at each other in silence. Castiel didn’t want to move, didn’t want to breathe, didn’t want to do anything that would mean he was awake and this was real and he was going to have to deal with the consequences. And then Dean said,
“I’ll see you out there, then,” Cas said. “I just have to go get some water from my dressing room.”
“But you know I hate the guy,” Dean said when Charlie finally ran out of things to say. He’d meant it to sound jokey, but it came out just a bit too quiet.
Castiel let him. It was so nearly over. The touch of the backs of Dean’s fingers against his throat was an icecube dropped in the ocean, in the path of the Titanic.
It was so palpable that Dean couldn’t leave it unaddressed.
Castiel nodded silently. Had she lingered a little pointedly on the word ‘friendship’? It had been so subtle, if so, that Castiel wasn’t sure.
Dean grinned out into the night.
“Oh.” Castiel picked up his bag of food.
Cas pulled away.
Castiel eyed himself. This version of himself, who he was going to have to get used to.
“Out of your money?” Dean said, trying to sound normal.
“Yeah, it’s… not as bad as I just made it sound. Probably. I dunno.”
But he couldn’t stop thinking about how if he just moved his knee slightly further to the left, it would be against Castiel’s.
“You…” Castiel began, and then stopped. He didn’t know what to say.
Dean swallowed the last of his coffee.
Dean muttered a name to him, the first one that came into his head; Ash grunted, and nodded him up.
“Assbutt?” he managed. “Ass… butt?” The second time, he put the wobble in the middle. Castiel folded his arms.
“But I can’t sleep when I’m hungry…”
Dean opened his mouth, and then closed it again. He stared around the static sameness of his lounge as though anything he saw there could possibly have the answers.
The guy raised an eyebrow.
“I dunno. You sorta did that, didn’t you?”
Loser feelings were gross?
“Got married,” Jo filled in for him, when he let the sentence trail off. “Sure. I, uh. Super thought you guys remembered. Kinda awkward, now. I get why you looked so freaked out.” She directed the last sentence at Castiel, who couldn’t even manage an acknowledgement.
He swallowed.
But still, when he’d finished dressing, Castiel found himself looking down at it in the palm of his hand. He hadn’t bothered to open his curtains, so it only glinted slightly in the bedroom’s dull light. He held the ring, watching it. He should leave it behind. There was no point to bringing it today. No point in keeping it close. If someone found it, it didn’t matter. The worst damage that it could do had already been done, and the royal wedding was still going ahead.
Things like Dolly Parton songs, sung by a man in a beautiful dress.
He wasn’t married to Dean any more. They weren’t husbands. There was nothing binding them together but their own choice, and that was thin as frayed threads. So easy to tease apart, to snap.
“Huh? Oh, yeah, uh. I wondered whether you’d heard back from the lawyers.”
“Makes no difference,” Balthazar said.
“I believe I will eat all of those.”
“Of course,” he said. He didn’t add,
“Okay. Great. We can…”
the sender of the email.
“I heard you,” Castiel reminded him. Dean stared at him.
Mary stared at Dean for a long, long moment. Castiel wondered what she’d taken from that answer. She must at least suspect the truth.
because he’d actually wanted to just be in Dean’s class, and…
“Hmm?” Dean said, unwillingly.
It was almost endearing, Castiel thought.
“It doesn’t matter,” he said. “It’s all good.”
Dean was eating some cheese, sliced off a big block that he’d brought with him.
Castiel gathered his bags groggily. The hangover had made reappearances throughout the plane ride, which he’d tried to temper with asking for more water and food – but his head was still pounding and the only thing holding him upright was picturing his own bed in his own room. Just half an hour or so away, now.
That sounded reasonable, Dean thought. More than reasonable. Yeah.
“It’s your business,” Sam said awkwardly. “But if there’s something I can do…”
“Dean,” she said softly, and then half-glanced at Castiel, and pulled her hand away. “You… look perfect. Fit for a wedding. The jacket suits you very well.”
The guy seemed to look at Dean - really
“I’ll smile when you say something funny, Mr Winchester,” he said, looking into those green eyes, and seeing a flicker of something deep inside them. He wished, suddenly, that they were alone, so they could stop pretending to not like each other. It always felt like pretending, anyway. But they got to be alone so rarely that it was hard to find out.
Dean sat down, and didn’t know whether to look at him or not look at him, and tried to do both at once.
“And we’re using the window because…”
Dean poured out some shower gel and washed under his arms.
“There,” she said. “Done.”
Her voice was rasping and strained, even within Castiel’s mind.
“I guess… Adele’s version of
He left his suitcase with an attendant outside the plane to be stowed in the hold and climbed the short metal stairway up to the plane’s interior. He could hear Ed and Harry talking loudly about coming back to the city soon, to general calls of agreement. Castiel listened for Dean’s voice among them, but didn’t hear it.
This time, he slid his hand under the guy’s chin and held him, carefully, as he kissed his lips. That would look good for the picture, right? The stranger moved with him,
“Did, uh… so, the thing, the personal thing Cas told you? Did you… was it the thing about how he likes to date?”
Quite suddenly, with the door open like a mouth, it was as though all the noise in the forest had been drawn in by its one deep breath. Castiel, used to the sirens and car horns and yells and engine thrums and music and chatter of the city, felt the noiseless moment strike in his chest, as though there were some silent cavity there within him that had been waiting for a fellow hush.
Castiel stood in the shower, the hot clear water doing its best to drive away the worst of his headache. Closing his eyes, Castiel held his breath and lifted his face directly under the stream, feeling rivulets coursing down his chest and back. On any other day, it would have felt good.
“Beautiful,” he said simply.
He wanted to walk away. He wanted
Dean had just asked Castiel if he was… up to date? If he… wanted to date?
“We can keep it that way,” Dean echoed after him. “Yeah. Right?”
Castiel couldn’t bring himself to turn around. He was shaking again.
“Damn right, you’re not my fiancé,” he said. Castiel saw Lisa smile a little nervously in the background, clearly thinking that Dean was making a joke – and in a way, Castiel thought, Dean was, except it was a joke that only Castiel himself understood.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Reckon so.”
“I showed you pictures,” said Cas. Dean paused, and then acknowledged this with a tilt of the head. There had been pictures of Cas in his beekeeping suit. He had been beaming into the camera. It had been adorable. “Everything I said was real. All of it. You met
He was still wearing his prince’s clothes, though they were untidy now, the collar loose and the shoes off. The party had gone on for so many hours, and when Dean and Castiel had slipped away there had still been people up and talking in corners – Donna and Jody, who waved them off with warm smiles, and Sam with the dark-haired woman he’d almost flattened. The two of them had been chatting cosily at the kitchen table, not even noticing Dean and Castiel leave.
“Just sayin’.”
“I… uh. I mean, yeah, but…” Dean put his hand behind his head and rubbed the back of his neck.
“I sent you an invitation a month ago.”
“Dean… about last night.”
“She is,” Cas said warmly, and Dean immediately liked him more. Anyone who liked Charlie, and whom Charlie liked enough to recommend The Refuge to, was alright by him. “And I really needed to get out somewhere. I spend way too much time inside.”
Dean looked at him with sleep-soft eyes for a long moment.
“No,” Cas said firmly. “You asked me if I really wanted to go on a date.”
“Aaaaand, posted,” Jo said. “Also, I’m glad you’re making plans, because I’m pretty sure if you kiss a guy like that and then don’t take him out to dinner after, every true-blooded Parisian romantic in a five-mile radius will physically attack you. And they’ll have to get in line behind me, so.”
“Go where?”
She opened the door for him. No one else was around in Dean’s corner of the garage to give them odd looks as they ducked into the shabby interior of the car, Dean sitting on the driver’s side and Charlie sliding into shotgun. When they slammed the doors closed, the car felt small. Dean could hear Charlie’s breathing, but it still felt as though he were registering it from far away, as if his mind was processing everything in the next room over from his brain.
When Castiel returned to his seat, he closed his eyes, and all he wanted to think about was Dean’s face in that moment. Soft and surprised and some other things that Castiel didn’t understand.
He hadn’t called his brother, either. His reasoning on that one had been less firm. In the middle of the night, full of pizza and exhausted, it had felt like a good idea to try to get some sleep. Now, Castiel was thinking about how if he’d only called Gabriel last night, he could’ve been being picked up right now.
They would do this together, even if it meant they would end it alone.
Jody. Dean turned to Cas, expecting to see a resigned expression on his face - expecting their little jaunt to be over before it had begun, Castiel swinging his leg back inside the little shabby dressing room so that he could stand up straight and face Jody’s displeased eyebrow with both feet on solid ground.
“Thanks,” he said. “You could’ve just thrown it away, really…”
For a second, Castiel’s vision shifted – it blurred, just for a half of a blink of an eye. Just for a moment, he thought he saw – he thought that instead of – he thought –
“Uhhh…”
Seeming to sense his mood, Dean stretched, and then stood up. Castiel watched him fold his arms, and look out into the forest.
“Yeah?” Dean said, turning away from the window, towards Castiel. “What will they say?”
Dean paused.
He’d have to get some different lights, now, before he could decorate. Thankfully it looked as though Castiel had gone for a red and gold theme with his baubles, where Dean had been planning green and gold, so he didn’t have to rethink absolutely everything.
Castiel could feel his heart thudding so hard he thought it was going to give out. He had no sensation in his body. Dean was kneeling in front of him. Dean was on one knee, in front of Castiel.
Castiel breathed out.
“You did it.”
undead thing living in the forest that might have business left unfinished. Yeah, man, the revenant.” He was speaking quickly, easily, as though continuing a conversation that they’d been having for hours. Maybe it was his way of pushing past the possible awkwardness, Castiel thought, and decided to let him have it.
“Could I learn?”
“Hey,” he muttered, leaning a little closer to Cas. He smelled like soap, and a little bit like sweat. “Hey, no one’s looking. You’re OK. Nothing happened. Just Ash listing off your options and of course, it was goddamn Castiel first...”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, when he’d found what he was looking for. Cas turned, and Dean presented him with his own face - masked, of course, by feathers, and superimposed over a simple white script that said only,
the voice argued back.
sounds from all the other kids at the table, and Claire flipped them the bird without looking back as she left.
“Yeah. That sounds good. I just…” Dean’s eyes dropped to the floor. “My mom can’t know, man. She just… the royal wedding, she’d…” He broke off.
“The bar is closing,” Cas said.
“Well, you and I are pretty well-placed to talk about that shit, probably,” he said. Cas looked up and smiled, the clouds that had settled over him seeming to lift.
“Cas,” Dean says. “Do you…”
“No,” Castiel said. His common sense smacked its hand against its forehead.
He thought of when he’d learned that Cas was asexual - no, but more than that, he thought of when he’d learned that Cas was Castiel, the singer. He could easily point his finger at which of the two had shaken him more, made him feel like the rug had been pulled away from under his feet, had him wondering what else about Cas he didn’t know. Had made him mistrust Cas, feel as though what was between them had weakened.
It was much later, and they were sitting together on the sofa. Their legs were not touching. None of them was touching, in fact. Every little movement of their bodies was extremely aware of the fact that they were definitely and absolutely not touching, to the point where touching might have been less intimate.
“A special place of our own…” Charlie wheedled.
“I’m not vegetarian,” Castiel said. “Did I forget to get any protein?”
“Gone,” Dean said. “All the wards are back up. I did the ones downstairs. And… I took your pizza out the oven. It was gonna burn.”
“Last time I saw him, he was having a conversation that was extremely boring.”
“Game night?” said a voice next to him, sounding amused. Dean turned to his right, and there beside him - perched on a stool that was bright pink, and already covered in glitter, and wearing one of the tacky cheap feather boas they sometimes strung round the necks of newbies at The Refuge - was a guy with bright blue eyes and a slight, sardonic smile.
“It’s how it goes.” Dean didn’t meet Castiel’s eyes as he spoke. “Someone arrives ‘cause they have nowhere else to go. Then they leave. Soon as they have anywhere else they can go with some dignity. Never fails.”
“You look terrible,” she said, putting on a faux-British accent. Dean caught the reference, and managed a tiny snort and a nod.
“But what with… everything… we won’t be able to afford any decent interior design if the deal with Castiel falls through. Which is, like… the least important problem in the whole world right now, maybe. But when this is over I want to live in a nice place with you, dude. Like we always said we would.”
The idea of actually having a cigarette between his fingers was nasty. It was the destruction he suddenly wanted, a punishment, anything to stop him saying –
Dean was half-tempted to go home, and part of him also wanted to ask if Castiel had been serious about inviting him in, because he was pretty sure there was going to be food inside at the party and that it was going to be really good - but there was a tiny, tiny part of him that was looking at Castiel’s face and seeing his embarrassment and his awkwardness and his denials and then, maybe, his not-denials, and thinking - thinking something.
“Then…”
“Come in,” Castiel said.
“Uh,” Sam said, when Dean didn’t move. “Mom, I… I mean, surely if the apology is public, then we don’t need to address the rumours about a relationship between Dean and… and Cas directly. An apology to the Duchess, and the wedding going ahead, will do that for us. Right?”
Castiel agreed. It was stupid.
“Is it… is it treason to marry a prince who’s engaged?” Castiel said.
“It’s the lawyers,” he said. “They’ve sent through the annulment paperwork for us to fill out.”
Dean looked over at Charlie. Her bright red hair, impish face, expression of concern. For the first time since she’d arrived, Dean felt like he was actually with her. She was real. He was real. He exhaled.
God, that was gross. Thank God no one could hear him.
“But she’s shaped that way to hold…”
just watched and watched as if this was their last chance, as if this mattered more than anything - and Dean breathed out, moved in a little closer, tilted his head, and -
“Don’t do that,” Dean said.
Dean cast him a sharp look, which Castiel met with neutral innocence.
Dean was saying nothing. Castiel tried to push away the image of Lisa wearing underwear picked out by Dean. Just the thought of it made him want to punch the wall so much he could feel himself start to shake.
“We’ll just…” Cas said, pushing on the glass, which opened outwards with a creak of protest. Cas swung his left leg up and over, and then turned to look back at Dean with one leg still inside the building and one out, straddling the window sill.
Staring down at the note in the bunker’s library, Dean pressed his lips together and read it over again, his eyes scanning the words while his brain paid no attention to them, lost in thought.
Had that been… something? It had
“The bathroom’s free,” he said unnecessarily.
“I mean…” Dean says. He blinks, shakes his head just slightly. Seems to remember where exactly he is, glancing around at Castiel’s garden. It’s all slipping out of Castiel’s grasp. They’re going to pretend as though the last two minutes never happened, Castiel can feel it.
“I swear,” Anna said, “I’ve listened to his songs every day of my life for the past nine years, and that’s Castiel. No one else can sing it like that.”
The memory of it was sharp. He had no sensation of coming down from a high, or even a fever. And besides, he’d seen enough cases of drug use in his time as a prosecutor to know that he hadn’t been on any kind of hallucinogen the night before.
The silence was
all too clear when he'd been alive, and though his mother hadn't ever said the same, she'd never spoken up against John, either. How much of that had Sam absorbed? Dean was pretty sure that Sam wouldn't think of himself as homophobic, but Dean knew all too well how thoughts and feelings could lurk for years, only blooming into harsh blossom when confronted with an intense situation. Maybe meeting Charlie hadn't been enough to make Sam think twice, but Dean coming out… if anything were going to reawaken those old memories, unfurl the twisted vines of bigotry that had been planted so long ago, it would be that. It would be this moment.
Before he could formulate a response, Dean’s smile had faded.
“It was awesome!” Hannah added.
the note of absolute triumph in Gabriel’s voice.
“My Lord,” he said with a grin and a little mock bow, to satisfy the feeling.
“We have to – we have to think of what we’re going to do –” Dean said, breaking into his thoughts.
“You too,” he said.
Castiel looked at her, the crown shining on her head. The weight it set on her, Castiel thought. The pain it must cause her. And how much heavier, how much more painful, now that she’d realised at last there was a part of her son’s life she’d never noticed.
“I see.” Castiel knew it was a bad idea. It was objectively a terrible idea. But Dean was joking with him and this was how they joked, so he looked into Dean’s eyes and held the gaze in the way that they did. “No trust. So, you have no idea what I might be about to do to you, right now.”
“Wouldn’t that have been easier in the city?” Dean asked. He’d finished up with the groceries, and accepted the coffee Castiel handed to him with a grunt of thanks.
The memory of Castiel pushing him away, not wanting him unless it was just a bit of fun, bit into Dean’s mind.
“What are you doing this evening?” Dean asked.
“Dean.” Castiel fixes him with a look, and Dean shrugs.
“I just don’t get it. The grace… if it’s lost, I can help with that. If it’s destroyed, I can try to help too, or… we’ll figure something out. Or if it’s safe, why won’t you tell me what happened with it?” The strain in Dean’s voice tells Castiel that they’re at the heart of it now, at the reason for the tight shoulders and the clipped answers and the judgemental eyes on his catmint and cosmos. “Why won’t you just tell me?”
“He’s been saying he should,” Hannah said. “But his current label are great about hiding his identity and he worries that transferring all his details to another company would get it leaked.”
“Nuh-uh, don’t be coy. Tell me all about it, come on. Did you make out the entire movie or just half?”
Somehow, in the mess of his feelings about the audition and having to sing in front of people and seeing Cas again, Dean had forgotten that someone was going to actually win this thing. Someone was going to get up onstage with Castiel at his sell-out concert and perform a duet with him. Dean felt his stomach drop. Even though he stood no chance whatsoever of winning, the fact that it was even
“Right,” Charlie said. “Sure.”
“Fuck,” Dean said. He put a hand to the back of his head. No blood.
Castiel thought to himself, but kept his mouth shut and only accepted his own satchel when Lisa handed it to him with a smile.
“Okay,” Jo said. “So -”
“Not often,” he said evasively. “You?”
A thought occurred to Castiel about something they might be able to do without talking, and he swallowed, and felt his hopes fly higher.
Cas’ smile was tight again.
Before him was spread out the city that was his home. She was lit up in her usual colours, behemoth building sparkling along the sides, great whales harpooned by lightbulbs and glass windows. Far, but not too far, Dean could see the spire of Heaven. Naomi’s face looked out, almost smiling.
Cas looked almost afraid of him for a few moments, glow fading, as though Dean’s words were a light touch on his cheek that he was expecting to be followed by a sharp slap. When Dean only looked at him - didn’t take the words back, didn’t undercut them, didn’t crack a joke or look away - the quietest of smiles blossomed, first in Cas’ eyes and then spreading across his face.
His tone sounded far too assured. Dean raised his eyebrows, and then lifted the remote control again. Castiel’s eyes narrowed.
“I know, but - I don’t want to be Castiel right now,” Cas said simply, just a slight break in his voice showing his nerves. “I want to spend time with you. And it’s up to you, and there’s no pressure, and if you say no then I won’t ask again and I’ll go back into the theatre and say no more about it, but - you asked where things go from here and if I had the choice, I’d choose to go hang out with you, right now. For as long as you wanted. It’s all I’ve been thinking about since last night.” Cas said the last sentence as soft as a confession, not meeting Dean’s eyes.
With a little shrug, Dean said,
“I bought it,” Castiel said. He’d made it to within reaching distance of the counter where the knife was lying. The man was slowly swivelling to keep facing him.
That one was easy.
There was no tug of fear in his chest when he thought about opening up to Cas. He wasn’t catching himself saying things that weren’t true, he wasn’t noticing himself playing up to Cas’ expectations. He was just being… himself. As though Cas finding him in The Refuge, where he was the most openly Dean, meant that Dean wasn’t afraid to be Dean all the time around him.
“Exactly. It’s dumb but there it is.”
And now into the chorus, which was always hard on his throat in the shower, and he’d never sung this song outside of the shower, so he had no idea if it was going to break -
“You will. So it has to be before then.” Dean set his jaw, and then turned away. He began striding off into the forest again.
Dean blinked. It had all happened very fast.
Right now, it felt oddly good that Sam’s reaction to Dean having killed someone would be offering help in disposing of the body. It might feel less good in a couple of minutes, if telling the truth went badly, though, Dean reflected. Then he’d be presented with the fact that his brother would prefer him to be a murderer than a bisexual man. Prefer him to stab someone than sing.
Once they were gone, the Queen breathed out, and put her head in her hands.
He burst through the doors of the movie screen and half-walked, half-ran towards the entrance. The attendant, standing behind his counter and cleaning a popcorn scoop, gave him a startled look. He had to be wondering why the hot guy and his tagalong were running out of the theatre. Dean swallowed and pushed out of the exit. The sun hit him hard after the air-conditioned lobby, and he squinted. Surely, surely Castiel couldn’t be too far away. He’d come from the direction opposite the parking lot, so –
He read over the message from his brother, chewed pensively for a few seconds, and then fired off a quick affirmative reply. He scrolled a little way up their message chain, reading over what they’d said to each other over the past few weeks: boring, functional texts, just arrangements and logistics. Nothing deeper than
“Well. Thanks for that. So much,” he said to Charlie.
Dean had to pause to take it in for a second, and then he snorted with laughter. Partly because it was so unexpected, and partly to get himself through the slight stab of disappointment at Castiel not feeling the same way as these admirers.
When he got home, he laid his new tools out on the table and promised himself to look at the kitchen sink later. The early evening was spent setting up his bird feeder, and stocking it with seed. His hands felt good and strong as they worked, and when he was done, he surveyed his handiwork with his hands on his hips.
“How did you…”
“Don’t get bitten by a spider,” he replied, and then swung the door open, left, and slammed it shut behind him.
“We can’t tell anyone,” Castiel said. Dean lifted his head to meet Castiel’s eyes. He looked exhausted.
fight.”
Dean held his head up for a long moment, trying to keep himself together, keep it all in, be still, be silent. He gritted his teeth against the feeling in his chest, against the blazing of his happiness –
“Does that work? Can you just take it back?”
“They don’t creep,” Castiel said.
Castiel thought about it.
“You weren’t going to lose me,” Gabriel said. “You asshole.”
“Yeah?”
And Castiel could still feel the longing.
His hand stilled.
“Damn,” Dean said. “City’s really as bad as all that, huh.”
it’s too much.
He got out of the car, a kind of silent snowstorm in his head, blanking out all thought. He caught snatches of his own feelings in the rush;
“Get up,” John called, and when Dean turned his head to look, he saw that his father was turning away to keep walking. Dean scrambled to his feet, hands out for balance. His hip ached – he’d landed on it.
“I swear it’s not that easy, right?”
There was a beat of silence.
The pictures he saw were discomfiting and unhelpful. The information he read was about the same. He put the phone down and went back to the sofa.
Dean gave her a look of worn-out contempt. His head was ringing.
“You don’t need to tell me,” Garth said, waving off his explanation. “My whole body still thinks it’s on that bucking bronco at the third bar last night.”
Dean wondered, not for the first time, what the city herself made of that. He’d always got the feeling she was founded on reinforced concrete. Or, if you wanted to get poetic about it, she was founded on the silent misery of the Underlight. Either way, they needed a new banner, Dean thought.
Maybe this was a bad idea. Probably he should just hang up, and try messaging instead –
He trailed off, and there was a long moment of silence.
“You want to go and find the revenant,” Castiel said. “And ask it what its unfinished business is. And you want me to come?”
At once, the wind rushed into the car. Brown leaves licked up at Castiel's shoes as he stepped out, and the sudden breeze tasted at his hair, pulled at his coat, forced him to squeeze his eyes shut against its cutting touch.
Lisa looked up at him, her big brown eyes soft.
There was a gentle clink from her bag as she drew out a large champagne bottle in one hand, and some glasses wrapped in paper in the other.
“Right. Well.” Jo smiled awkwardly, and waved. “Hi. That was me.”
“I don’t know why I did that,” Dean said again, and Castiel tried to move closer to him, but Dean put a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and locked his elbow straight, keeping Castiel away.
“Yes?”
“Okay,” Charlie said, her tone bracing. “Thanks for coming to the meeting, guys. Dean, you’re recording this so we’ve got a transcript for later, right?”
“Game night,” he said, and Dean raised a shoulder.
"Okay, okay. I'll go home."
“But you need it,” Castiel said, “if I’m going to help you.”
“Just a friend,” Dean said, the words out before he’d thought them through, automatically on the defensive.
“I think it just felt like a missed opportunity or something, like, she was left with all these feelings that she should have acted on when she had the chance.”
“It doesn’t feel like the biggest part of me,” Cas said. “But yes, it is a big part of me. You’re right.”
“Yeah, I mean, I don’t know - it’s just all so commercial.”
“And one for your smile, too.”
“Not really,” Donna said, tilting his chin up to check she’d given him an even coverage. “He gives most of it away, and by most of it, I really mean most of it. He pays us and he has a nice little place to live with good security, and the rest goes to his charities.”
Castiel smiled.
“Well… yeah.”
“I know,” Castiel said. “But if you ask me not to go, I won’t.”
“Sure you’re not,” Dean said easily. “So, what’s cookin’? Oh, wait, I already know.” Dean hefted the bag in his hand. “That would be burgers for two.”
“To protect
Or the time they’d been at a party back in college, and a song had come on – of course it had been something as cheesy as Taylor Swift’s
“So, you’ve been coming here a while?”
She pushed him away, and he went, smiling. It was only as he turned away that he realised how empty the smile felt. He frowned at himself. It was happening again. He was having that feeling like he didn’t want to be here, like nothing here mattered, like he just wanted to be far away from it all. Not down in the Underlight either, just… not here. He wanted to be somewhere else. He didn’t know what he needed, but it wasn’t this.
“Of course we can share.”
said the voice in his head.
So… Cas wanted to go to a bar? With Dean?
Another pause, and then –
Back in the city, he wouldn’t have been able to lie like this. The chatter in his head would have had him reaching for his phone, for a book, for the TV remote, for something – anything – to fill the silence.
He nodded. The man didn’t let go.
“I just, um…”
“Shit,” Dean said.
“What, the Adele again? Dude, that song… it’s not…”
“Um. Yes?” Charlie said, trying to sound small and charming.
“Speak for yourself. There’s no way I’d lose it over the word ‘peanut’ without something in me.”
“You remember. Just because she lost us in San Marino, and apparently that was a big enough deal for her to have to say something. So, this… this would also probably, definitely, be a big enough deal too. I think we should keep it with just us knowing.”
The market was everything Dean had imagined it might be, and then around ten thousand percent more bizarre. It was the first time a market quite like this had come to town, as far as Dean knew; Sam had seen the fliers for it, and said he’d seen something like it once when he’d gone to Amsterdam for his bachelor party around Christmas. They had little wooden huts covered in sparkling cotton-wool snow, filled with glittering baubles and house decorations; on trestle tables, sellers had spread out huge plates of cookies and cakes, all flavoured with Christmas spices; Dean doubted, however, that the Amsterdam market had had a plastic cowboy Santa statue at the entrance, with horses pulling his sleigh and a red stetson on his head.
“The pictures of the house made it look very…”
“Nearly.”
Dean stared at him, and Castiel smiled. He’d said it. So many years of waiting. So many times he’d almost said it, and bitten it back, forced it down. So much time spent aching and yearning and wishing. All of it, put into three words that he’d spoken aloud.
Castiel scrambled for it. He allowed himself a whole shining golden moment to believe that maybe, just maybe, it was Bartholomew calling to tell him the whole thing was just a big company-wide prank, and of course he wasn’t fired from Angelus & Sons, and he could have his company car back and his office and a new secretary, and Bartholomew himself was going to take him out to the Cheesecake Factory just to thank him for being such a good sport, and –
“Okay,” Dean said, his face working not to look too pleased. Underfoot, the pavement was shiny with ice. Dean started to walk a little slower. “So, if this isn’t the face of a fed, what is it the face of?”
“Yeah?” Dean’s throat stuck over it.
“Um…” Castiel breathed out.
So this was what helping looked like here, Castiel thought.
“I was just going to say,” Gabriel said, “that you love being a lawyer.”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. Without a word, he left.
the man he’d met at The Refuge. The man who knew about bee-keeping and Roman poets. The man he had a crush on. The man he’d totally trashed Castiel the singer in front of, last night…
Was it all wishful thinking? Was he imagining this whole thing in his head? He normally dealt so much in tangibles, in
He knew this feeling. He’d been fired for it. And it turned out, he might die for it.
“I could be reading at Christmas with my
“Oh, man. Did I do something?” Sam said, sounding as though he were only half-joking.
“Dean,” Castiel said. “I have an email. It’s from the realtors who sold me the house.”
Castiel closed his eyes.
“Oh…” Castiel swallowed. He hadn’t realised Dean was hoping for more information. “Well. I had to move here. Things… I couldn’t stay in the city. I was looking for new places, and everywhere was horrible. Mould, rats…”
Dean looked surprised, and muttered a soft
He blundered down the corridor and slammed open the back door, to find himself in an empty garden. The photographer was gone.
“Yeah,” Dean said, this time with certainty. Cas had said it, he’d said it. And he’d shown it, too. He could feel the crimson thorny petalled realness of Cas’ feelings, could feel the tension between them. Cas had kissed him this morning in a way that left no room for doubt about it: Cas was into him romantically, of that Dean was sure. “No, it’s just… shit keeps getting in the way. It’s never the right moment.”
“Okay, Mom.”
“Coming,” Castiel said, and followed on. After one turn, and then another, and through one final set of doors, they reached the door to Charlie’s room. It was a plain white double door: this part of the palace was mostly where the live-in employees stayed, with whole apartments set aside for them. It was newer than the wing where Dean and Castiel lived, without the frescoes and the golden wall mouldings.
With a sudden cold punch to his gut, Castiel remembered all over again. They were married. Dean was probably only smiling like that because he thought that they weren’t any more – he had to be thinking that Castiel had sorted it all out, made it go away.
The guy leaned in and pressed a kiss to Dean’s cheek. Jo came in close, capturing the moment; Dean thought maybe his face wouldn’t look happy so much as taken by complete surprise - but it was definitely a very good surprise, so he could hope it was still a good photo.
“I’m glad you’re alright,” they said, quietly, just for Cas to hear. Dean looked down at the table.
“You’re not gonna do anything because this is legal?” Dean snapped. “Because there’s no – no piece of paper about it sitting in some dusty old building run by fucking
“I’m keeping the ascot,” Dean said. “It looked good. Screw you.”
Dean flicked over in his messages to his conversation with Charlie.
They wandered the city until late, far too late. But Dean didn’t want them to go back to their hotels and be alone. When dawn came, it found them sleepy-eyed, looking out over the river, milky in the first light.
Dean thought, his teeth gritted. He walked down the school building’s main corridor, headed for the teachers’ lounge. The milkshake was gripped in one hand, a few little drops of condensation gathered on the cool papery surface of the cup. Dean felt as though he was walking like a robot, making his way towards the place he knew Castiel would be.
“You aren’t pain,” he said. “You’re in pain. It’s different.”
“It doesn’t matter what they think,” Dean said.
telling
And Castiel thinks perhaps he understands. This thing between them, the way that Castiel feels, it’s – it’s alive, it’s wider and deeper than the sky. It’s everything. And they’re supposed to, what, kiss about it? As though it were the end of a fairy tale? The end of a second date?
“Yeah,” Dean said quietly. “Okay.” He kept looking down at the ground, not meeting Castiel’s eyes. His face was shifting subtly, as though his thoughts were racing and leaving swift patterns across his features. What was going on in his head, Castiel wondered. Was he frustrated at himself, frustrated that this had happened? Was he feeling as lost as Castiel himself?
Not that Castiel wanted anything to happen between them.
Things like the brush of soft feathers and the twinkle of glitter.
“Hmm?” Dean said.
Then another.
Better than good. It seemed perfect. Dean looked at him like it was perfect. Like it was beautiful.
Castiel served up his bacon and decided to leave thinking too hard for later.
do that. Maybe later, they might… Castiel swallowed.
He’d always meant to use it more, but had never got around to making himself playlists of his own music. Instead, he browsed through the ones he’d downloaded before leaving the city. He wanted something loud, something to fill up all the empty spaces in this awful house and make it feel less as though there might be room in the shadows for anything to be watching. Pop music wasn’t going to do it. Metal was a possibility, though the few songs he’d ever listened to had set his teeth on edge. The words
Cas,” he says.
“In the teachers’ lounge. All I’ve wanted to do for months is kiss you on that table.”
And twisting.
“But you – you’re – that’s not supposed to happen,” Dean said. He reached out, and took Castiel’s hands in his own, inspecting the little scrapes on the skin. “You can’t get hurt like this.”
poster. He tried to do it quickly, without drawing attention, but Cas peered over his shoulder to look at it as he paid.
“Space,” Castiel said. “Silence.” He didn’t know what else to say. He gripped her arm with one hand. If she tried to move away, he was ready to grip tighter to hold her in place.
He sighed. His chest was aching, his bones were aching. He’d known that coming along today would be a mistake, but he’d still done it, and now here he was.
Nothing had changed – the barn was just how Castiel remembered it. On the far side of the building was another door, opening out onto the street beyond: that was how Dean had managed to get two cars in here, a wide old 1961 Pontiac Bonneville with her roof down, and her sibling, a 1967 Chevy Impala in black.
She stepped forward, and now it was Charlie and Lisa leading the way while Dean and Castiel fell a little behind. Lisa was so easy with Charlie, Castiel thought. Or perhaps she was just easier in general out here in the forest, with no watchful judging eyes on her every move. Either way, she was laughing and using her elbow to nudge Charlie as they walked and pointing out a little moorhen on the water with a softer, deeper, more genuine voice than Castiel had ever heard her use before.
“We should tell them,” Castiel insisted, giving Dean a little dig in the ribs. “It’s rude not to.”
“It’s alright,” he said.
“I know, I know. But look!” Dean gestured towards the fridge. “I reordered everything. Now we have all the dairy on this side, and you have your jelly in the door, so I can get to my baking crap without having to move every jar of strawberry jelly in the state to get to it. Seriously, why are there so many.”
“Not a thing, I’m afraid.”
“Are you still freaking out?” she said, sounding suspicious, as though freaking out were some kind of crime that she was hoping to detect. Dean shrugged.
He tried very hard not to move. Just the smallest slide of his feet and he’d be over and he’d take her with him. Every muscle in his legs was clenched, forcing himself not to slip.
“I told my brother all about my girlfriend,” Castiel said. Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he saw Dean shift, but he kept going. “I told him her name was Sarah. I told him she had a master’s degree. I told him she was a doctor. You know what I didn’t tell him?”
“Hm.” Dean was quiet for a few seconds. There was something in the way he held himself, a little tense, that had Castiel turning towards him and raising an eyebrow.
Cas knew that Dean could sing this song. Cas wanted to hear Dean sing this song again. Fuck it, Dean was going to do it.
“That’s beautiful.”
He heard Dean mutter something else, too low to be heard. Internally, Castiel shrugged. Whoever ‘she’ was, she was probably some stuffy head of state Dean didn’t want to share a boring afternoon with.
“Are you alive,” Charlie said after a second, tentatively.
When Castiel stood up too, Dean turned towards him. There was a look in his eyes – a closeness, an intimacy. Over the course of the hours that they’d spent together that evening, and the night before, something had fallen into place. The hurt in Dean’s face, and the way Castiel’s eyes kept flicking involuntarily to look at the forest, it didn’t distance them in the way it might have done before dinner and talking out here on the porch. Now, Castiel could look at Dean and see the pain and the tension and understand it, just a little. And Dean could look at Castiel and see the fear and the confusion and understand it. Again, not completely. Just a little.
And then go back to the movie, because it wasn’t a date.
“Stay married to me,” Dean said. He asked it like a prayer, like a man asking for grace and mercy.
“Anyway,” Dean said, putting his hands in his pockets and walking over towards the window, trying to look out of it in a way that seemed thoughtful. “The thing you need to remember about robotics is that you’re building something. You’re making something. You are
shutting Dean down.
It was a lot to ask. It had taken Castiel himself years to come to terms with himself. He couldn’t expect miracles from Gabriel all at once.
“Like, I don’t - I don’t want to just walk away and we never see each other again, ‘cause like… but like, you can’t… you don’t live here, we can’t exactly just…” Dean’s mind struggled for something to grasp onto, something to hold. Things between him and Cas had definitely had a feeling of something starting, and even through his shock Dean felt his heart keeping a firm grip on that one fact - but how was anything supposed to start between them now? How could they go on little dates or have long late-night talks or do any of the things Dean had been imagining? How could they get to know each other when Cas was always going to be busy being Castiel, was always partly someone else? And how dumb was it for him to even be thinking all of this, when they hadn’t so much as held hands or said anything about how they felt out loud or even goddamn known each other more than a day? Dean only had moments and lasting looks and that stupid certain feeling in his chest to convince him that anything was happening at all.
It wasn’t that he didn’t have anything here he thought was worth sharing. The forest was beautiful. His house was beautiful. It was just – he couldn’t post pictures of the forest for likes. Something about doing it would cheapen it.
Castiel lost concentration on his brother’s voice as he looked out from his porch, and saw Dean step out of the line of trees. Dean was holding what looked like a bag of food, and his face lit up when he saw Castiel. How long had it been since someone Castiel truly liked had looked that happy to see him?
“Dean? Who’s Dean? I don’t know anyone with that name. Just send over the address and your data won’t be shared and destroyed.”
“I’m just saying,” Dean said, “you fit in here fine sometimes. That’s all.”
It took a frantic moment of staring around the room to remember where he was. The beams, the window to the balcony… the wards.
It was easy to forget that things didn’t part and make way on Earth like they had done in Heaven.
Someone had come to the window, to look out onto the yard. Peeking round the edge of the pompom on Santa’s red hat, Dean saw a familiar outline. He gritted his teeth.
There was a general murmur in the negative, and Jody ushered them to stand up and head backstage. They trouped as a group down the corridor and round to the right at the end, this time, finding themselves in the darkened wing to one side of the stage. Dean could feel his heart hammering, just looking out onto the empty stage that was waiting for him to stand on it alone, and sing - but most of his thoughts were with Cas, who was going to damn well miss the audition he’d been so keen on, if he took any longer in the bathroom or getting his water or wherever he was. There was a big camera being ferried on the shoulder of a woman who had long hair with a single dyed-blonde streak, who said something to the group about not looking into the lens as they were fitted with little microphones attached to their lapels or shirt necklines.
For a moment, they stared at each other. Dean felt as though he should say something about letting in the cold, but his throat still felt all closed up, in a good way, but also in an impractical way.
He was standing close enough that his arm lightly brushed against Dean’s. Dean nodded, and looked back to the attendant, trying not to let himself feel heady.
Be a true vigilante in these streets, like the Hunter.
His breaths still quick, Castiel turned to look at Dean, and he swallowed and said,
“Oh.” Castiel wasn’t sure what to say. Instinctively he wanted to apologise, but he had no idea what he’d be apologising for.
When he spoke, Castiel could feel the man’s breath on his own face. It took him a few muzzy seconds to take in what he was saying.
“I love these things,” Anna said, touching a finger to her label. “I never get to have someone asking about my pronouns right off the bat, I always have to awkwardly bring it up or just not have it brought up at all. Anyway… so, how did you first get into Castiel’s music?”
“About what?”
“So?” Dean said to Charlie, catching up to her at the end of the day in the parking lot as she was getting into her car to go home. Around them, there was the usual mess of cars all trying to leave a small space at once, with students mingling in between. Charlie turned to look at him, squinting into the afternoon sun.
“Honestly, it would feel off, anyway, though. Trying to make a move like that. There’s a reason I didn’t already try, before he told me he was asexual. Like… remember when I was dating that guy, and I kept just hugging him when we said goodbye and never trying to, like, initiate anything and I was beating myself up and kept thinking I was being a total fucking loser?”
“I invited you to dinner!”
Castiel felt the weight on his shoulders fall away. Very slightly, he gave the tiniest of nods.
“What did you say your name was,” they said.
Anna looked at him uncertainly.
“God, it’s cold,” Lisa said.
And then he stood up abruptly, and shuffled out from behind his tree. Dean considered changing the lights setting again anyway, just to see the look on his face - but repressed the urge. Castiel hadn’t immediately busted him, and that was worth a truce, however brief. He leaned back against the wall beside the window once more, and realised that his heart was beating fast and hard. The adrenaline of getting caught, he thought. What was Castiel going to do? What would he say? Was he actually gathering all of his party guests now to come outside and point at Dean and laugh?
“Is it gone?”
“Thank you,” Cas said, leaning across the table so that Charlie could hear him. “For covering for me.”
close. Castiel
“That okay?” Dean asked, going back to his phone.
“Okay, great,” the attendant said. “That’ll be -”
“How’s Naomi,” Dean asked, his tone bracing.
“Used to come fishing here sometimes,” Dean said.
“Yes. And Charlie could come with us,” Lisa said. “To make sure the three of us get along.”
“What would you have done?” Castiel asked.
Thinking about that made Castiel’s teeth clench. He really did want to hit a wall. He could imagine the satisfaction of the punch. It would probably hurt his hand a lot more than the wall, but it would be something. And something, anything, would surely be better than just walking down the early-morning street next to Dean as though nothing was wrong.
The hubbub died away.
Castiel lifted his chin. He looked into Dean’s eyes, half-lidded. They breathed, and Castiel could feel Dean’s breath on his face –
Castiel shook Dean’s hand, his heart beating hard in his chest.
“Here you go!” they said, handed him the flowers smartly, and then marched off down the hallway. Castiel stared after them, wondering how they’d even managed to get inside the building without being buzzed in. Probably Mrs Tran down the hall leaving the door open again, so that her son could get in even though her buzzer was broken.
Claire started their presentation; Dean listened intently for a good few seconds, and then found his attention drifting. Was he looking OK? Was his rating going up?
Castiel nodded. He tried to ignore the slight sink in his chest. He couldn’t have expected anyone to be after anything more academic, he told himself. Not out here. Of course people were just looking for manual labour. He knew he should have been counting himself lucky that he’d always kept himself in shape while he’d lived in the city.
It had never happened with anyone else. Castiel had thought it was normal to only feel the sensation about one specific person, the person you cared for most, until other people talking and reading books and watching TV had helped him realise that most people could feel this way about a stranger they liked the look of.
“Cas,” Dean called tersely from the end of the corridor.
“I’m c– I’m close, I’m… I want you – wait, I want… stop, I want…”
“Come on a date with me,” Dean said. “Cas, date me.”
“Castiel,” Lisa said. “The Queen was just explaining. It’s really not your fault at all. I know what the press can be like… anything for a story, right? People’s lives don’t matter so much as selling papers.” She offered him a smile that looked far more miserable than Castiel had expected. The gossip must truly have hurt her. “As for making amends… well. It was just suggested that Dean and I might go on a walk in the gardens tomorrow, to set things right between us before the wedding. Why don’t you come too?”
“Your dad can clear that. You need to come in and have some lunch,” Mary said. “Come on.”
Lifting it out of the closet carefully, Castiel found the nearest outlet and plugged it in. When he turned it on, the whine of it filled his ears. Big, clunky, old and grimy, but it
Castiel kissed him. A soft kiss, just a brush of his lips against Dean’s, his hand reaching up to cup Dean’s cheek, everything light and desperately careful - and then Dean kissed him back, harder, his hand sliding to rest on Castiel’s hip. Castiel felt something rush through him, blossoming out from Dean’s touch, and he breathed in sharply through his nose - didn’t break the kiss.
“Bobby,” Dean said, at a loss. “You don’t like my work?”
"So were you."
Castiel nodded.
mindset. Sam gave them all an amused-looking wave that was tinged with maybe just a hint of compassion, and the four walkers climbed together into the large car that was waiting for them.
“But I shouldn’t have walked away without giving you a chance to speak.”
Together, they went up to the second floor, and found door number 19. A quick check of the apartment with his eye-tech showed Castiel a couple of figures inside, both adult-sized, one sleeping and one moving around. He looked back at the Hunter, and tapped a finger to his lips, and nodded. They pulled out their insulin patches, and left them in a messy heap in front of the door.
“It was you,” she said softly.
“I mean,” Dean said, aiming for a joke, “you do usually stop paying attention and start thinking about your own shit instead.”
“What?” Sam said again.
“I just… I thought - I thought we were - like, I had a good time last night,” Dean managed, salvaging a bare minimum of sense out of the wreck of his thoughts.
The casino bar. The drinks. So, so many drinks. Dean leaning over to him. The desperation on his face.
“Oh.” Castiel blinked. “Sarah. She’s…” Castiel looked around his empty living room. “Well, she’s here with me. She’s upset.”
“Real principled establishment, the Angels.”
“It was a good night, though,” Hannah said.
“I’ve been thinking about this a lot recently,” Cas said. He wasn’t looking at Dean. “A lot. And... I think that it’s always going to be more convenient for some people around you if you don’t be yourself. Because that way, they don’t have to acknowledge it or change their behaviour or do any thinking. We have to make all the effort instead, of hiding who we are enough for everyone around us to be able to ignore it.”
Castiel stood for a long moment, alone.
Louder, now. And Castiel thought that he could hear a voice outside the door, calling out. He squinted open his eyes again, and looked across at Dean.
at the wall directly opposite her -
“Hey, hey, easy,” Dean said, grinning as the pillow hit him with a soft
. Starting every day with a different pastry from the patisserie nearest their hotel… he was going to miss it. Horribly.
“Oh,” Lisa said, “yes, of course. But perhaps if Dean wanted to come too, then we could all travel to Someria together.”
Castiel came to a halt.
“Why?” Castiel said, his hand already halfway to the man’s.
“Sure,” he said easily. “We can take the coastal road. It’s the fastest way there, trust me. Better than tripping over roots all the way there. Those things get too damn long.”
“Mmm?” Dean realised he’d sunk into a pit of horror, lost track of what was right in front of him.
“Yes. Sometimes it feels so much easier to just… not. You push things down and you convince yourself you don’t need to acknowledge that part of yourself, because it’s fine just being for you and yourself alone.”
Sitting across the table from Castiel, Dean suddenly felt – felt attractive. Felt a little bit less like the school's notorious disaster, and a little bit more like… like the bad boy. It was so ridiculous, the way that made him so happy.
“Uh,” Dean said, taking a hesitant step forward to stand at the front of the stage a little way to the left of Jody, putting his hands in his pockets.
“It doesn’t have to be… I mean… it’s just… I mean…” he trailed off, with no idea where he’d even been going with that sentence when he’d started it. He caught Jo’s eye, and she raised an eyebrow. He screwed up his courage, and looked back to Castiel. “Would you let me take you out to dinner tonight?”
Dean opened his mouth.
No one answered.
Over the top of their conversation, then, came the first strains of a newer song, something rich with a deep, fast bass and kind of floaty in the high notes. Dean closed his mouth when he saw Cas’ expression shift, his face stiffening.
Dean threw him a look, but didn’t bother arguing. It wasn’t as though things could get a lot worse with them both being able to hear each other.
Dean turned away.
“Never gonna live that one down?”
Dean frowned, but it was the frown Castiel knew so well, the one where Dean was touched and didn’t know what to say. His head dropped a little lower, and Castiel leaned forward, and pressed their foreheads together.
Jo opened the plane door, letting the warm Corelian air into the cabin. Castiel took in a deep breath. Just half an hour. His bed was waiting. He was woozy and a bit nauseated, but he could do this.
The plane began to taxi down the runway, picking up speed. Castiel felt the familiar tug in his stomach, heard the rest of the guys around him chattering over the engines’ bellowing.
He put a hand on Dean’s cheek. Dean’s skin was soft under his touch. Castiel dragged his thumb a little, just to feel it. And this time, when Dean leaned in, it was slow. It was careful. The touch of his lips to Castiel’s, when it came, was so gentle that it almost split Castiel’s heart in two.
He jerked around, straightening up. Under the music, he could have sworn he’d heard someone crying out. He took a few steps towards the kitchen table. The room was empty, and so still, but somehow in the very air itself there was a frantic movement, a whirling tightening overwhelming rush, and he couldn’t see it or hear it or even feel it but he thought it was there and he thought it was getting closer, and his phone kept saying,
“Cas, s’the door,” said Dean’s voice, and Castiel blinked open his eyes.
“Right,” Dean said distractedly. “Yeah.”
“I am,” Castiel replied.
“You,” Dean said, and then his throat closed again.
Dean leaned forwards. No kisses, no waiting – he took Castiel into his mouth. Castiel’s body arched. Around his hardness was heat, wetness, softness.
the pale boy sang, still looking terrified - almost certainly his first time singing here - but cheered on by a supportive crowd who loved Castiel, their queer pop icon. Dean suffered through the schmaltzy lyrics, wondering how Cas could sing them if he hadn’t even written them. When Anna had called Dean out at the auditions for hating on the sentimental songs, Dean had taken that and had thought that she was right - he had been ignoring the value of a happy song, something sweet and uncomplicated. But now that he knew Cas didn’t even really want to sing those lyrics, the situation had changed again. It wasn’t that the songs shouldn’t exist, but Cas shouldn’t have to sing them if he didn’t want to.
