He's not nervous, Steve realises belatedly, he's upset - Tony thinks he knows what Steve's answer is, and he's sure this is goodbye. Yet still Tony's prepared to give him this because he still thinks it's what Steve wants.
Tony nods sombrely, and turns to the machine before Steve's words sink in, and he turns back wide-eyed.
"It's harmless Cap. We can have SHIELD collect it now, or I can cannibalise it for parts later - your call."
"It's yours," he tells Stark, who smiles at him in response, and gestures for Steve to follow him and Thor.
Only nothing happens.
His only other visitors are SHIELD medical staff; efficient and personable though most of them are, none have the security clearance to tell Steve what he needs to know - and Steve suspects that even if they had, none would tell him for fear of retribution from Fury.
That working relationship, strained as it is, only worsens as Steve grows closer to Janet. By the time the situation there reaches boiling point Steve no longer has any interest in mending bridges. When he catches up with Pym later it's
"I don't need it to be
“I ..can’t remember anything before waking up here, Sir.”
"The first round was on you last time, Stark," someone, presumably Thor, points out.
When he clearly draws a blank, Stark sighs, “you’ll get that reference when you remember me, I’m sure. And you’ll judge me for it then.”
Only because this -
“until you can tell me what happened to my men, this discussion is over Captain.”
“We were hoping you might be able to shed some light on that one Cap,” Fury replies, “it was just a routine mission. Widow and Hawkeye were delayed so you went ahead alone. We sent a SHIELD team in for support, then radio silence. Stark found you unconscious at the scene, two hours later.”
Then again, Steve’s never been afraid to swing first and ask questions later, especially when it’s Nazis he’s swinging at, and he’s not exactly in the mood for a soliloquy on the best of days.
Until one day he isn't - he's held up with Janet in the city, and Stark and Thor are the first to respond. When he arrives Stark's holding what looks like a ray gun from one of those sci-fi programs he's so fond of, and passing it from hand to hand as he paces. Thor has the culprit retrained with minimal effort.
Only sometimes they don't; sometimes Steve gets lucky and the bastards make it easier for him. Case in point; their current target calls himself
“This wasn’t the conversation I was planning on having today if I’m honest.”
underneath the usual warmth of Tony's company.
"We couldn't figure out his machine, we thought it might be more your area-"
a lot, Captain. But you’ve only been awake for a year. You went down in the Atlantic stopping that bomb- it’s a miracle you’re here at all.”
Steve folds his arms and waits. It doesn’t take long to have the desired effect, Stark glances up at him over tinted sunglasses and asks, “what
Steve finds his answer only weeks later; Tony is uncharacteristically preoccupied in those weeks, enough that Steve sees very little of him and only barely manages not to resent whatever project has taken Tony's focus away. His lonely apartment is lonelier still with the comparison fresh in his memory.
Steve starts to protest - he doesn’t need anything special - but Stark stops him with a hand on his shoulder, only to snatch it back as if he’s been burned when Steve startles at the touch. “Sorry Captain,” he mutters, “uh, make yourself at home. Jarvis will help.”
"You always make such a mess, darling," are the first words out of Stark's mouth once he's touched down, "it's a good job I'm happy to help you clean it up."
They grow closer; Steve and Stark, and eventually Steve and Thor too. Steve learns to trust them in a way he hasn't managed with SHIELD, or really anyone in the future. The Ultimates, slowly, become a team borne out of more than obligation and necessity.
“well,” the man says, “at least that saves me the trouble of asking if you remember what happened to you. Do you at least remember your name?”
“I’m breaking you out darling.”
that despite his enhanced hearing Steve can’t quite make out enough to call him out on.
“Captain, you took down the
"If I'll - of
a bomb Steve can be confident it's not going to go off right now.
“Janet Pym,” Stark replies, “also known as the Wasp. She’s one of the Ultimates, and an old flame of yours.”
That seems to snap Stark out of it,
“Director-“
, Stark," she spits at him, a hint of an accent Steve can't quite place colouring her words, "I just need the suggestion that it
Century is still a damned disgrace, but Steve's finding his feet; he has friends, he has a team and he has a - he has Janet. He's
He’s full-throttle in the middle of another such argument days later when the door to his room flies open and Tony Stark makes a grand entrance.
- they haven't exactly discussed what it is.
’.  Steve hadn’t even stopped to ask
eccentric billionaire on the Ultimates I haven't met yet, I'm still the one with the most disposable income."
That provokes a genuine laugh from the man, and Steve takes advantage of the momentary distraction to study him: He’s almost as tall as Steve himself, though leaner, and definitely not a military man. He’s dressed well; a deep burgundy suit which obviously cost more than Steve’s entire army wardrobe. (Growing up poor hasn’t meant that Steve can’t recognise luxury – it just means he never experienced it).
It is the best he's felt since he woke up, and he takes pains to point this out to Tony.
“You – you really wouldn’t Captain” he manages eventually,
It's not unusual for Tony to be caught up in a project, whether something for his company, or just improvements to the Iron Man, that Steve's long since learned to make hiself at home in Tony's space while he waits, though this time the silence echoing through the penthouse is suspicious.
“I don’t know Steve,” he says, “I don’t think you’d have told me if you had.”
. I'll send you so far back in time that even the great
, darling!"
Steve doesn't attempt to use the machine this time. He wonders if he might have done, had he not known it was fake. For the first time since he woke up, Steve can't answer that question.
The boy - he can't be far out of his teens - snarls back "I still
The pain hasn’t subsided much the following day. Steve still doesn’t know what happened to him - Stark had taken pains to tell him all about the future (
The good-natured teasing is jarringly familiar in a world where nothing else is, and Steve spends the trip of the trip wondering about Stark, the rest of his teammates, and what friendships he might have found in the future.
before the War, and professionally, because it turns out even a World War wasn't enough to stop the damn Nazis - they just wear different uniforms these days.
"It's a time machine."
Despite himself, Steve finds himself breaking into a smile at that, rolling his eyes and responding in kind to Stark's teasing, because it's
So he does; flips a few switches, turns the largest of the dials back, then steps inside the machine. He's not sure exactly when he has the machine set to,
Of course, Steve's learned recently, he's not likely to
“Get to the point, Stark” Steve snaps, out of patience for the day. A less observant man might have missed the brief flash of hurt on Stark’s face - it’s brief enough that Steve almost does, before he’s composed and smiling that movie-star smile once more.
Frustrating, since Rebirth was supposed to have meant no more of this, but then he never honestly expected that a Super-secret government experiment would be the cure for all his ills.
“As much as I’d love to catch up, the Captain and I are very busy,” As Stark says this he’s maneuvering Steve back into the mansion, one hand on Steve’s back that he feels like a brand through the thin t-shirt he’s wearing. The door slips shut behind them.
Through the dim doorway Steve can see a white-haired man give them a sharp look as he enters.
“I’m dreadfully sorry this has taken so long,” he begins, while Steve stares at him, “but Fury is an awfully difficult man to wrangle, I’m sure I now owe him half my fortune. Never let it be said I don’t do enough for my teammates-”
Pym's voice startles Steve out of his thoughts, and both Stark and Thor stop in their tracks.
Steve’s the first of the Ultimates on-scene, closely followed by Pym and the Wasp, although none of them have much of a clue what they’re looking at.
“Who are you? Where am I? How did I get here?” That earns him a wince from the stranger,
his fault- Steve is fairly certain he didn’t spend this much time in hospital even back when he was a ninety-pound weakling, and he's never been the most patient of men.)
He doesn't realise just how tense he is at the thought however, until Stark
again, or offer to distract Steve as he might have once. Nevertheless, Steve finds himself in Tony's penthouse later that evening, a drink in hand and thoroughly enjoying himself for once, with a thrill of something
“You stopped it, Captain. Fifty-eight years ago.”
“try me,” Steve counters, “after all, I figure we were pretty good pals before I forgot all this. I mean, you were there when I woke up after all.”
, yes, things are better now, but he doesn't know how to explain to
The tension in his shoulders drains at that, and Stark laughs again.
So, by the time Stark shows up, the fight is almost over with; Janet is eying him warily, a complicated expression on her face that Steve doesn’t quite know how to read, and Pym, asshole that he is, is muttering under his breath - comments about
"Stark"
He tries to be more surprised weeks later when Janet reconnects with her estranged husband.
fifty-seven years frozen in the Atlantic, forgive me if I’m a little twitchy about something which can leave you laid up as an amnesiac for a week.”
“The Germans – they had a bomb. Big enough to wipe out the whole of Manhattan –“
Stark stares at him, eyes wide,
The third time a villain has some sort of time-travel device, Steve suspects it's designed to provoke them; they've certainly proven before that even a low-level threat generates an Ultimates-level response when the possibility of time travel is involved in some form.
. That whatever he might have now isn't a patch on the life he'd planned for himself before all this - he might be adapting to the 21
Steve waves them off.
"Of course, and the next one will be too," Stark fires back, "unless there's
----------------------------
) but had fairly conveniently managed to talk around any explanation of what Steve was doing in a SHIELD medical facility.
"I have something I want to show you, but before I do it's important to me that you know - these past few months have been wonderful for me. Whatever you decide, I wanted you to know that."
that better isn't
“If you don’t remember then it might be best to leave it that way. For now at least. But I know you have questions, and I haven’t exactly been the most forthcoming with answers, so shoot.”
When they arrive at the tower though, instead of the penthouse Tony leads him to his workshop. Before Steve can enter Tony stops him with a hand on his chest.
“Fifty-eight years” he repeats, “I’m missing a hell of a lot then.” Stark looks up from the gadget he’d been toying with,
It isn’t long before the Director himself pays Steve a visit. Steve doesn’t hesitate in asking the one person who might have answers:
There's no callout for the next incident - instead Steve stumbles on it entirely by accident.
- is between him and Tony has evolved beyond a night of comfort for two lonely men, into something more,
Stark sits down heavily in the chair next to Steve’s bed and rubs at his temples. This close up Stark looks less well put-together; dark sunglasses can’t fully mask the tiredness on his face and five o’clock shadow softens the edges of his elaborate beard.
The smile drops off Stark’s face.
"That won't work. I can see from over here you haven't got half the components you'd need for that to be a functional time machine, sweetheart. Try harder next time."
turn down a request from Tony Stark.
“Steve Rogers,” he replies immediately, “US army.”
Stark examines the machine, one eyebrow raised. It sets Steve's nerves on edge - he'd thought he had at least determined enough to be confident that it wasn't a bomb, but now he's not sure. Stark has a working knowledge of most European languages, German included, and an extensive familiarity with all kinds of machinery, so at least if it
the last thing you remember, Captain?”
He learns more about Stark this way, Jarvis answers his questions honestly, and despite the frosty reception of the previous day his regard for Stark is clear to see.
“Jarvis, we have visitors.” Stark calls as they enter.
Steve can't help the flicker of hope that generates, and once the kid is handed over to SHIELD custody, he approaches Stark - trying to be discreet about his interest in the gadget.
“I’m sure Fury will be relieved that you remember the important things. Since I’m not one of those, the name’s Stark; Tony Stark,” There’s an expectant pause, like Stark expects him to say something in response to that, and Steve rakes through his memory for a frame of reference for
When Steve's being honest, he thinks the 21
, Steve might be a little confused as to how he got here, but he knows exactly what it looks like when someone is about to lie to him, “and I’d appreciate the truth.”
-------------------------------
Century turned out to be a total shitshow, both personally and professionally.
Though it seems he fails miserably. Stark hands it over with a raised eyebrow and a comment,
"I have no idea," he says, trying not to panic. He looks at Bobbi, and then at Scott.
Tony lowers his head, murmuring, making a show of wrestling with the choice he’s been offered. “If.. if only…”
, because I literally couldn't be. Those were magical blasts, and we both know it. So maybe stop trying to arrest me and
"I'm sorry," Tony backpedals immediately, obviously thinking he's triggered an awful memory of some kind.
He walks Steve through his data: his calculations on the force of the blast, his readings on the traces it left behind, and the subtle differences between each incident.
“But they have no idea why…” Steve starts.
“Tony,” he asks, eyes narrowing, deadly serious. “Who exactly is going to know about your team?”
It’s not something he likes doing, even on the job, let alone to a good friend, but right now it’s necessary. Steve takes a deep breath, and apparates directly inside Sam’s apartment.
That meant someone knew who where he lived was responsible for his disappearance, had maybe even caused this sickness, had been drugging him.
Doom takes another step, almost out of casting range of the orb. “Yes…?”
"Steve's love life," Bobbi corrects. "Or lack of it. He's pining over somebody, has been for weeks, and he won't do anything about it. Who is this person?"
"Unarmed, okay? Not a flight risk. Literally. And I’m answering your questions, though I hope the rest of them aren't as ridiculous."
The spells completed successfully, Steve rolls to his back, the last of his energy spent.
"Don't look at me," Scott protests, holding his palms up defensively. "I haven't eaten in forty-five years."
Kelp twists and dances mesmerizingly outside the window, and Tony lies there, wondering how they’re going to top tonight twelve months from now.
"He... gave me his personal phone number."
—are we going to
Steve crosses his arms and surveys the red and gold armor and its creator again. "That also works."
Tony stands up from their table, carrying his briefcase, and crosses to Steve, holding his free hand out.
Steve stops mid-chew momentarily, the bread suddenly dry and crumbly in his mouth.
Steve tries to call out to them, to tell them to go, but can’t seem to get the air to his lungs fast enough; the pain is just too much. Rhodes is pulling Tony along already. They’re going to make it out;
Just as he’s sure that he made a mistake, that his quarry must be a block away by now, he hears clanking footsteps, the sound of metal on metal, and raises his wand in anticipation.
DUM-E makes a noise that descends in pitch, and spins its claw around.
starship—for the first time in the last stages of her build out had been both thrilling and satisfying: seeing the sleek outlines of the body from a distance on approach, then taking in the millions of minute details when boarding her. The shiver he had gotten realizing he was a part of something special, something bigger than himself. He knows that feeling intimately.
There was no use hiding anything this time around, especially around Sharon. This time, Steve explained everything—from that night in the ER, the way Tony had looked that night and what he said, the and the fact that he couldn’t stop thinking about it.
“Come back to bed.”
All irritation melted away when Dr. Stark finally turned to him and returned the chart. "Nice work in there. Hopefully your first day will continue being just as exciting."
Bucky nodded. "I am. Thanks, Nat."
"I just thought...with our date..." She cleared her throat. "It's still him."
"What's your story?"
One of the interns who had bet on Bucky's surgery sat on the arm rest near Steve was sitting. He reeked of cheap beer, and he slung his arm over Steve's shoulder. The other arm held a beer.
The days that came before the party exhausted him; interns and residents were particularly annoying that week, and all he wanted was to finally settle down in his apartment to finally open up a bottle of scotch. Long hours with the same staff made him irritable, and he didn’t see how a party with the exact same people was going to magically fix his sour mood.
Pepper finally closed the gap between them; the feel of her lips on his nearly knocked the wind of out of his lungs. The way she kissed him, how soft her lips were—that never changed. Tony knew he should have pulled away, but somehow, his lips were still pressed to hers.
"Dr. Rogers, it's good to see you again." Tony held his hand out, not even trying to hide his own grin.
"We're stopping here and then going to get dinner," Tony said sternly. "Just a cat car seat. Or something that'll hold you down since you're crazy and won't sit still."
Pepper patted Alex on the back. "Dr. Rogers is one of the best interns here at the hospital. He'll be checking in on your daughter for the time being, okay?"
The hope in her mind was immediately crushed as Steve Rogers waved from the station with two cups of coffee beside him. Friendly coffee, as Tony described it. She tried not to read too much into it; Tony was allowed to have friends.
“And what do you recommend doing for her ICP?” Tony barely looked up from the files. “I’m not waiting forever for an answer.”
Steve nodded. "Yeah."
But it’s too late because Steve’s buried in Tony’s MIT sweatshirt, and the blond can barely contain himself even though he’d already shed tears the night before, too. “Tony, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry…”
"Both?" Tony nearly choked on his coffee. "You screwing the chief of surgery in New York was a mistake. Steve was
The intern was so lost in his thoughts that he barely had time to realize that he was crashing his cart into another person in front of him. He winced as the woman in front of him yelped in pain and dropped the groceries she held in her arms. Eggs splattered the aisle floor, and Steve swore he heard the teenage storeworker groan in response a couple of aisles down after hearing the noise. Steve immediately ran over to the woman, who was crouched over in pain.
He’s supposed to be writing another paper for his art history class, but he decides it to be a problem for later tonight. Days like this are too wonderful to be wasted.
Pepper nodded wordlessly, checking the child's new heartbeat before turning to him. She removed her gloves, and where Steve expected there to be a shining ring—there was nothing.
“I love you,” Steve says gently, leaning into Tony. The brunet swoons, pressing a quick kiss to Steve’s lips. It’s sugary sweet, like too much coffee creamer, but Steve doesn’t mind.
"Eva. Hi."
"He has a wife, Steve!"
"Dr. Rogers, she's loaded on all the medications, you need to call a code," A nurse reminded him, "We've paged Stark, but you need to run a code."
Steve yawned and checked his watch. “I’m gonna run down to the cafeteria and grab some coffee. Anyone want anything?”
"I did—do— love you! Steve, stop and just stay for once, dammit—"
"Why?"
But now, Rhodey's shift was coming to a close, and Tony needed to get ready for surgery. There was a skip in his step, which did not go unnoticed. They'd been friends forever, and Rhodey always knew when Tony was up to something.
"God, can you guys just talk to each other?" Steve sighed. "I didn't say anything, Sharon, I swear. I told him to talk to Nat instead of being a twelve year old, but it looks like Army Tags isn't listening."
"I-I was assigned to Laura Peterson's case." The voice was shaky, but it was unmistakable. "It's Steve Rogers. I'm looking for Dr. Potts-Stark; I need the post op charts."
"Now, Steven, when were you going to tell me about that?" The nurse was much shorter than Steve, but she instilled a bit of fear with her hands on her hips and a stern look on her face. "First, you skip out on dinner before your shift, I don't see you for two days, and you don't even update me on exciting things like saving patients!"
"Steve, come on. There's no need to be so formal."
Not that he was worried so much about Tony changing his mind any time soon. The man was so sweet and genuine in his intentions, it made Steve's heart ache. The affection almost took Steve by surprise; he had forgotten what it felt like to have someone be that into him.
"Steve—"
. The Bautistas reminded him again if he ever was hungry, all he needed to do was give them a call. That was one of the great things about coming to their store: they always welcomed him with a warm meal.
"I thought we were going to get to know each other," Tony gasped, "I don't really think—
"Who were you talking to on the phone this morning?" Steve sounded so stupid, so childish, but he couldn't help but blurt it out. Tony paused, and it only took that split second of delayed response that confirmed Steve's suspicions.
Natasha snickered. "Damn, Katie."
forget about you. Not even if I tried. I swear to you, you have me wrapped around your finger, I just, fuck…you don’t even know.”
He stopped scrolling around on his phone, knowing that continuing to do so would just create an existential crisis, which was something he definitely did not need at the moment. The whole building seemed to be just as quiet as his own apartment seemed to be; was this single adult life? Scrolling and being numbed by the TV?
Steve smirked. "You love the cat and he loves you."
“Yeah, we’re probably going to grab some more food,” Sharon said, tugging on Steve’s arm. “It was really nice to chat with you all.”
The neurosurgeon snapped back to reality when one of the other interns repeated a question about a head CT. Before he could respond, Rhodey replied in confirmation, and the interns wheeled the patient into the building. Another ambulance followed, and Rhodey paused before meeting the paramedics.
There were a few nurses in the kitchen, pouring themselves the fruity concoction into red cups. They immediately hushed when Steve entered the room. There was a bit of whispering among them before one of them, one of nurses who directed him to radiology months ago, went up to him.
learning something? What the hell is wrong with you guys? That's one of us down there. Have some damn respect."
Tony sighs. He’d been avoiding this final conversation for a while; now that summer was finally ending, it would be his first year without Steve. He isn’t even at school yet, but his heart is already aching at the thought of leaving him.
And suddenly there were a few more additions to their family, much to Peter's delight. The couple kept Cheeseburger while fostering animals for the local pet shelters in the city. Steve settled for adopting just one other pet for the sake of Tony's sanity. Cheeseburger was delighted by the presence of his new sister, a brown lab appropriately named Cocoa.
"What can I get ya, champ?" Joe asked. "Been years since I saw you wasted as hell in this bar."
The neurosurgeon was quiet for a bit until he squeezed Steve tightly. "I'm in this, too, Blondie."
"Yes! Right. Because I was a maniac and crashed into you. I'm not a maniac. Usually."
"Did you say anything to Bucky?"
Well, Chicago was always beautiful to him. He was a bit biased.
. His life sounded so pathetic.
“I just don’t know why you’re yelling—“
. "Oh, of course. I need to check on some post-ops anyway."
Steve sighed as he pushed the shopping cart around. "I...I'll get there okay? Just let me mope."
"You're whiter than you usually are," Natasha teased him, nudging him a little. "Come on. What's wrong?"
Tony sighed irritably. “That’s your name, isn’t it?”
Some verbal agreement came out of his mouth, but he felt like he was dreaming. This had to be some nightmare. He slept with his boss. It wouldn't have mattered if Tony just worked at the hospital with him, but he was his boss. The worst part was that he wanted to see him again, but that was out of the question.
Tony froze.
The brunet smiled mischievously before pulling in Steve for another deep kiss and letting his hands wander his body. He relished the moan that left Steve's lips. Steve was just so goddamn
The divorce was final.
"I'm surprised that you don't." Tony offered his hand out, squeezing her hand. "I would probably hate me."
Steve shouldn't have cared. He shouldn't have cared about the way people snickered and glanced at him like he was something to be ridiculed; people in the hospital always had relationships, why was his situation any different? He hated the way anger boiled in his chest, especially with the way some of the other interns looked at him.
"Can't do that in a restaurant, now can we?" Tony's smile was just so bright and pretty, how on earth was he not a real model? The sight still knocked the wind right out of Steve's lungs.
"I need help!" Steve called out. His knees were shaking as he ran through the list of medications in his mind that would help. "I need... I need phenobarbital. Keppra. L-lorazepam."
Nat grabbed the tongs and placed the fried delicacy on her plate. The gang quickly followed suit, taking a bit of everything from the table. Eventually they all started making the rounds, greeting everyone from the different departments that were present.  It was not very often that all the hospital staff were finally gathered together. Instead of being confined to the varying shifts and specialties, they were finally allowed to mingle without the pressure of saving lives.
Steve nodded. "You?"
Tony and Steve were friends now. Well, sort of friends. Friends that got each other coffee, said hi at work. It was nice—better than having Steve walk the other direction any time they saw each other. They were almost friends. Acquaintances.
"I am, actually." Tony paused. "I didn't think you'd be supportive."
“Happens to the best of us,” Steve replied simply, “watch the booze next time.”
Peter and Steve fell in love with the cat. Before the teenager had to leave for decathlon or band practice, the two would spend hours spoiling the cat with toys and treats. Tony played with Cheeseburger every now and again, but it was clear that the kitten only had eyes for Peter and Steve.
"Do you have any other ideas on getting a brand new heart, Dr. Romanoff? Because by all means, please let me know. He is weak and having consistent arrhythmias, and we can treat the fluid build ups for now." She barely bat an eyelash upon Natasha's surprise. "It may seem like we're just waiting around, but that boy wouldn't be safer at home waiting for a transplant while his heart beats and builds up more fluid, where it could kill him if we don't get to it in time."
Steve liked routine. He normally would have fixed himself a cup of coffee and some eggs and toast for a real breakfast, but the damn underwear model made him sleep in. Now, there was only time for a quick sip of coffee and a bite out of a granola bar. He'd have to eat at the hospital.
Though the shift was technically over, Steve knew that they'd call some of the interns overnight. Instead of going to pack up for his apartment, the blond entered one of the on-call rooms for the night. He was so exhausted that he almost didn't notice a familiar neurosurgeon already curled up in one of the beds.
"I had time for that, but not to get any food," Steve replied sheepishly, "I-I just haven't stocked the fridge in...ever."
"Got it. Thanks again, Dr. Wilson."
The nurses injected the medications into the IV. No response, and Katie continued seizing in the bed with no signs of stopping. Soon after, her monitor beeped incessantly. Flat line. The real life, earth-shattering sound of a flat-lining patient. Usually the sound didn't scare him, usually he was quick to jump in and pretend he was a superhero. He'd been playing doctor since he was a child. It wasn't a game anymore.
He was probably being dramatic. He always was like that, jumping to conclusions and thinking the worst when it came to relationship troubles. Ever since Steve mentioned Tony talking to his ex, it was as if something changed slightly between them. Tony was still wonderful to him; treating him on dates, making meals if he could. Only now, there was a bit of doubt that crept into Steve's mind whenever Tony declined calls from the same person three or four times a day, or when Tony finally took the call outside of the room.
Steve laughed and hugged her tight once more. "I'll see you in two weeks. Don't you forget about me while I'm gone."
Among the interns, Sharon grew the closest with Steve. Often, the group was broken up in two during traumas or during any emergency pages. Because of this, Bucky and Natasha didn’t always get to interact with Steve the way Sharon did. The duo moved fluidly together during a trauma, following quickly in the other’s footsteps. In friendship and medicine, Steve and Sharon were two peas in a pod.
The air seemed thicker once Tony entered the room. The air left Steve's lungs and once again, he felt like he was seeing Tony for the first time, all embarrassed and flustered and nervous. Steve was glad that the nursery was empty for now, and that no one else had to witness this. He was already so anxious and no one even said anything yet.
. It was as if Tony read his mind.
The interns scrambled around in the room, bringing whatever supplies the nurses suggested they bring. Weeks, months, years seemed to pass by in the seconds it took for Dr. Wilson to enter the room with a crash cart. He injected more medications into her IV before handing the paddles to Steve.
The blond turned around again, surprised to find a box in Tony's hands. Tony fiddled with the bright red ribbon for a moment before continuing. "Here's a little something."
Steve collected himself for a moment as Tony examined the scans. He pointed at a small section of the brain scan, smiling to himself.
"Don't know if I'll make it." Tony hated these sessions so much. "Pepper, I don't know if we should keep doing this. Look at us."
"I'm trying to be civil, or something like that," Steve said, "I just...I don't know. I'm tired of being pissed about everything. It feels better to be friendly instead of avoiding him and being angry all the time."
He's fucked.
Slowly, Tony shifts out of bed, earning yet another adorable grumble from the soldier. Steve reaches to Tony, whining slightly the space next to him is finally vacant.
"Barely a fever," Tony scoffed. "I'm fine, babe."
"Sure thing, Pep." Tony took a sip and sighed in content. "Want some? The coffee places Steve goes to is great, you know."
Steve sighed. "Oh my God. I sound like a complete jackass. I thought you were talking to your ex, then I felt like we barely knew each other, then I was panicking and spiraling, and then someone else brought up the word boyfriend—"
How on earth was Tony ever supposed to say no to him?
No matter how many times he tried to reassure himself, guilt left a heavy feeling in his gut.
Anything to distract himself from a certain neurosurgeon.
"Yeah, I do have you, Dr. Blondie." She tapped on the book in front of him. "Keep studying so don't miss a single question Stark answers."
Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed the interns making the rounds. Those four always managed to be the life of the party somehow, eager to mingle and chat with senior residents and attendings. He found himself hating their enthusiasm, wishing he was that bold at their age.
"God, she was looking at you like you were Prince Fucking Charming! When were you going to tell us about this girl?!" Nat was practically screaming now, eliciting stares from others in the street. Bucky chuckled slightly and looped his arm with hers in efforts to soothe her.
"Just sit back and relax, okay?" Steve pressed his lips to the brunet's, achingly slow and sweet. "I'll take
gets to make that pretty smile happen.
When Steve arrived back in the nursery, he noticed that Alex had never left her baby's side. She sat in one of the rocking chairs this time, sleeping soundly next to her daughter. He tried not to take her, but she immediately sat up when she heard him shuffling around the nursery.
As the blond kissed his neck, the stranger couldn't help but open his eyes and scope out the bedroom. The place barely looked lived in; the only indicator that he had a life was the lab coat and stethoscope that hung over the back of a chair.
The chief shook Bucky's hand, reminding him to be early enough to scrub in properly and to get the patient's chart beforehand at the desk. Bucky barely answered in response, nodding and agreeing to everything before sitting back down at the table.
"I don't, uh...I don't." He felt so goddamn stupid. Suddenly he was nineteen again, the same weird embarrassment and fear of trying to talk to guys, he felt like a child. The smile on the man's face only fueled the embarrassment. He was a goddamn doctor, for God's sake, and he suddenly forgot the entire English language.
Steve snickered. "Love me. If you loved me, what was all that marriage counseling about?"
Eva raised a brow. "How sorry?"
. That's not the problem. I keep getting calls."
"It was Sharon," Steve replied tentatively, "she did the chest tube."
Steve looked up and grinned. "Why, do you need some mouth to mouth resuscitation?"
"Steve—"
He turned on the shower, dousing himself in cold water. He needed to focus.
Sharon locked eyes with him from the OR. She nodded slightly, confirming that everything was okay. Steve was relieved; Sharon always knew what to do.
"Finally. I thought you were never going to answer the page."
He motioned for Steve to join him at the microscope. "Come take a look."
Steve exhaled. "I deserved better than that. You getting cheated on isn't a reason to hide a marriage from me. Complicated exes, I understand. Tony, it was a whole fucking
"Hi."
After gathering himself from the awkward and rather adorable encounter with the intern, Dr. Stark returned to the chief's office. Several others were sat at the conference table, eyes glazed over on their cellphones. Clearly, his time with Steve had taken too long.
"You knew exactly what it felt like to find out something so horrible, yet you waited to tell me you had a wife? What the hell was that?" Steve sat back and took a breath. "I'm sorry. I'm just processing. I—"
“Oh, I don’t work here,” Eva explained. “I just joined Steve here.”
"You were sunshine after a lifetime of rain." Tony tentatively reached for Steve's hand, relieved when he was allowed to hold it for a moment. "I need you to believe me, Steve...I screwed up, but God, you were real for me. Everything I felt, everything I said to you, that was real. It was the happiest I'd been in a long time. I...I was falling in love with you, Steve."
"Okay, so you clipped it a little bit," Fury said calmly, "but you haven't pulled up on the strings yet. You can throw another stitch, then pull up."
Tony pressed his lips to Steve's again, trying to shake the horrifying guilt that racked his body. It wasn't exactly a lie, it was just part of the story. They left out parts of the story to patients all the time, to help them recover faster or to spare them the fear of surgeries and procedures. Tony didn't lie, not exactly. He just wasn't ready to tell the story yet. He just hoped that Steve wouldn't hate him if he ever found out the truth.
Along with errands, the interns' new activity was finding Steve a date. They wandered aimlessly in the grocery store, encouraging the blond to meet somebody new.
Tony hummed in agreement, trying to ignore the twisting in his stomach. He wanted to tell Steve, he wanted to so badly. The messages and voicemails driving him insane. Maybe they could live in their perfect little bubble. Where they had each other, and nothing else to worry about.
Autumn brings a wonderfully crisp feeling in the air; Steve can’t get enough of how the campus looks as leaves finally fall to the ground. The wind carries the maroon and golden hues across campus, and he sighs in content as he strolls to his usual study area.
"Okay, you got me." He took a breath. "I...a colleague in New York was trying to convince me to come back. We were close, and they were just...being a little too insistent. I had an early morning, and you caught me having a bad conversation on a bad day."
sick!"
go out," Tony said softly as he took a step toward the blonde, "but then I can't do this. At least, not as often as I'd like."
"My name is Dr. Samuel Wilson. If you listen to me and follow my rules, you'll make fine surgeons. If you don't, you'll be out of here in a week." He continued his charting before looking up again, like he'd clearly given his speech dozens of times. "Answer your pages when nurses or other attendings page you. And you better get there in time so the patient doesn't die. Your first shift here is forty-eight hours; do as you're told, then sleep when you can. Speaking of which, if I'm sleeping, don't wake me unless your patient is dying. That patient better be alive when I get there. Questions?"
“You can bullshit the others all you want but you can’t hide this shit from me, Rogers!”
"I didn't want to wait any longer," Steve said sheepishly, "I told Dr. Wilson we needed another scan, and I-I have them here, if you want to take a look."
"Alright, fine." Steve tried to hide the smile on his face as they cheered. He needed some happiness in his life. Something to distract him from Tony.
Steve pulled the covers back, looking up at Tony with gorgeous pink lips turning up in a smile. "Will you let me finish my work down here before you leave me in this bed all alone?"
"I got you some coffee from the place down the street." Pepper handed one to him. "Black coffee with just one sugar."
"H-her heart kept stopping right before surgery," Alex sobbed, "I know Dr. Potts-Stark will take care of everything, but I'm terrified, Steve. And then you were gone and you usually make me feel better about these things—"
After racking his brain for words, Steve only smiled. "Nothin'. I'm just a guy in a bar. You?"
"About the surgery? No."
Tony settled into the couch and continued eating the soup. "It better be just one minute! I'm cold and I could be dying!"
The cafeteria was quiet; most of the day shift staff had gone home for the evening, so only on-call staff and many interns were left at the hospital. The rain and thunder were incessant outside.
"I'm trying to make this right," She whispered quickly, "we're supposed to listen to each other in these sessions!"
He hated the way he felt when Steve turned over and kissed him. He forced a smile as Steve stood up and adjusted his clothing.
Tony pouts as he lays on Steve’s chest. “My world is coming to an end…there’s no coffee.”
"I did what I had to do." Sharon stood up and gathered Jackson's charting. "I'm gonna go check on him."
The timer on the stove went off, and Steve added some finishing garnishes to the soup before putting it into bowls. God, the man looked pretty while he was preparing soup—Tony could barely stop himself from swooning.
Once they had finished their gourmet hospital dinner, a bit of an awkward silence filled the room. They both had the same thoughts.
Once they can move again, they clean up and then immediately house two replicated cheese plates and an order of actual earth grown grapes from a farm just inland, in San Joaquin Valley (Steve swears he can taste the difference; he probably can).
Steve is… more than a little chagrined.
"Although," Tony adds,  one brow arcing up, "I hope that's not the only thing we do tonight."
But what began that particular incident wasn't a beast at all, but a boy: the victim of an Obscurial. The last recorded one on American soil, for that matter.
There
The figure dashes down alleyways, twisting and turning, and at one point, leaping a fence—the bottom of the cloak flips up momentarily, and Steve thinks he sees silvery metal boots on the wizard's feet... Armor of some kind?
Tony puts up a palm, holding it in front of him like a warning—Steve is reminded of when Tony used his gauntlets on Steve last night at the hotel, except Tony’s hands are bare now.
Steve raises his wand higher, aiming. "STOP," he warns again, raising his voice.
Steve stands unmoving, speechless, watching Tony until he walks behind a partition wall, and out of Steve’s line of sight.
"It may be impossible now, perhaps. But not for long. Not if we work together."
Tony continues pushing through the door.
But Steve was always good at tracking during the war. Maybe, if he could get some basic intel on the case, he could have a look for himself, see if he could help any.
His father, Howard, used to own his own business, and his mother, Maria, was a microbiologist. It seems Tony and his father didn’t agree on a lot, but they both adored Maria; Tony waxes lovingly about both her beauty and her genius, and it’s obvious he misses her a lot.
The spell goes wide, whizzing past the creature and impacting... Tony, who is holding up one of his gloves defensively. The spell ricochets away ineffectually.
His rhythm is only broken for a moment as he reaches to the nightstand to his right to retrieve a cylindrical object, maybe 15 or so centimeters long, a handful of centimeters wide. It's made of a clear soft material, with metallic silver and black shapes suspended in it, glinting in the dim light: it's the pretty new stroker Steve had packed for them. Even as carefully as Steve is handling it, the rigor of their fucking jostles his grip on it, and lube dribbles out one end.
The world waited seventy years for Steve to come back to life, and Tony waited three weeks for Steve to ask him out: Steve can wait a little bit longer.
DUM-E makes a happy squeak of approval at this amendment, and Steve laughs.
Tony shakes his head. “No. Really? Gryffindor? You think? I always kind of thought—not that I’ve thought about it in years, mind you, but—I assumed if I was anything, it’d be Ravenclaw or Slytherin.”
“I guess I should be offended,” Tony goes on, brash as ever. “Your armor
Steve's head snaps sharply in Tony's direction, eyes flashing, looking deeper, bluer than usual. His voice drops in both pitch and volume. "Are those official orders, Commander?"
. I am not going
Given that Steve seems to have confirmed at least one victim from the last explosion, he might be a
Tony's balls tighten at the sight of it.
He shouldn’t pity Tony. He shouldn't. If he’s the one behind all this, that means he’s clearly a terrible person, incapable of remorse.
Steve lets the seemingly nonsensical order of the letters shift through his mind... and it sparks a memory.
Maybe he had been a war vet, too.
Tony catches the wand in his hand. Green light pours off the wand… and is absorbed into Tony’s skin, seemingly inert.
The sensation fades, and Steve takes a deep breath, feeling what must be his power rushing back to him.
"Sweetie... You have to let him decide that for himself. And I disagree about the technology thing. You seem to have learned a lot from Tony," she smirks. "Or at least, so Wilson tells me."
Steve is clad in navy blue boxers and one of the hotel’s provided robes, sitting propped up against a small mountain of pillows. Tony’s head rests on one of Steve’s thighs. He is—not entirely surprisingly—still naked.
The sun is setting, the entire city reflecting hues of pink and orange; it wouldn’t look more beautiful if it was enchanted.
Despite his records being classified, Steve supposes everyone knows about that, huh?
It... wasn't magic?
in his head:
“Even me.”
"I'm sure you're right. And to be fair," Tony lets his smile turn wolfish, "it's a pretty good mission they've got:
“Sorry about Richards; he’s been in a snit all week for some reason. Maybe he misses Samuels. He feeling any better?” Tony inquires.
"Please, god, Steve," Tony begs again, suppressing a sob.
," he continues, "When they married, some of the more... old school members of the Wizarding community took it poorly."
“—English,” Tony breaks in. “Probably. The frequency of the letters seems right. Did you—?”
"It's beautiful," Steve whispers, staring up at the image, awed. "It's perfect for you." He laughs. "In more ways than one."
He’s either beaten his prey to the top floor, or he’s guessed entirely wrong, because he’s alone in the hallway.
Steve cautiously steps into the room. There’s a desk, scattered with papers, hand tools, and a few models cars and other personal knick-knacks.
That innate connection Steve thought he was feeling with Tony can’t be real. Not yet, anyway.
As Steve spied earlier, the man has not only metallic boots on, but also silvery grey metallic gauntlets, and a helmet to match, covering his face.
"Roger... listen. Legally, I have to preface this by saying this is not a 'shovel talk', and that I find that kind of a threat of violence morally repugnant, blah, blah, blah.
Steve knows what a fizzer is. He was called that a
, Steve thinks.
“Go on, Commander," Steve urges him, his own hips unmoving. "Get to it."
“Everyone on active field duty. Besides,” Stoner shuffles the photos into a neat stack. “I already gave your partner your assignment earlier; you really should have talked to him first.”
Tony... laughs. Laughs, and laughs. He folds at the waist, overcome by it. He has to wipe tears from his eyes.
,” Steve moans. “This would be so much easier if I could just use magic.”
. Don’t you think it’s magic, Roger?” He looks at Steve expectantly.
Steve stops—he
Resolved, she nods, and Tony grins. He pulls his briefcase up again, and extracts what appear to be several more of his calling cards, giving those to her as well.
It hits Steve, then: if he's the only full-blooded wizard in the Avengers lineup, what will they think of his fighting style? Will he be the odd one out? Or resent him?
“Hey Steve,” Agent Cory McBryde gives him a little wave as they pass.
"When do you think?" Tony asks with an awful, awful grin. "When I went to school, of course."
Steve finds himself hesitating. He had dreamed of working with Tony when he thought Tony was a wizard. Even just moments ago, Steve had been imagining trying to convince Stoner to hire Tony directly as a W.A.N.D.D. employee, possibly even offering Tony a job by their next date.
Tony glances at his phone, checking the time, and, apparently spurred by what he sees there, jogs away from Steve toward the supply closet near the break room entrance.
What if a
Struggling to comprehend what Tony’s just told him, his focus darts from figure to figure in the projection.
"Well, they've miraculously outlived everyone and everything they've known from their own time," he muses. "And you know someone who knows a little about what that feels like." The observation has a playfulness to it, the tone telegraphing to Tony that it's not meant in a melancholy way
"Jarvis?" Steve asks Tony.
He racks his brain trying to think of someone, besides Tony, whom he can call that isn’t magical, that he can also trust. Someone who won’t be overwhelmed by the situation.
Both Steve and Steve are on “special” assignments right now—“special” being a euphemism for all paperwork, nothing in the field. Sam’s off active duty until he heals, and the same goes for Steve until he… well, until he gets used to this century, he supposes. He’s not sure how his superiors are going to determine that exactly.
of him five minutes ago."
“Rogers,” McBryde reminds her quietly.
. He can’t let the fight drift this way, into the path of the people he cares about. He has to get back up, distract Doom, keep them safe.
in the country.
Tony, on the other hand, is shackled to an exposed pipe running up a wall to Steve’s right. The cuffs look mundane in nature, but no less formidable, constructed of heavy bands of silvery-grey metal, looped around the piping with a weighty chain.
Oh, god, poor Sam. Steve has talked Sam’s ear off about everything Tony's told him. About the robots protecting nomajs from radiation poisoning in Japan; about farming machinery that’s powered by the energy of the sun; about computer programs that are smart enough to write other computer programs.
"It's
Their captor deposits the new hostage near Tony, cuffing him to the pipe well.
Steve and Tony both turn sharply at the outburst, coming from a balding, middle-aged man stands up at a table nearby. He seems to be railing at a young boy—his son?—whose head is cast downward, taking in the berating words silently with closed eyes.
cast only with his hands. It’d be a small enough effect that the other diners probably wouldn’t even see—not that Steve wouldn’t risk exposure if he had to. Whatever it takes to keep Tony safe.
Steve looks like he wants to return the compliment in flirty fashion, and, hell, they're going to get worked up all over again, aren't they? But before he can get a word out, gasps and murmurs rise from the opposite side of the room.
. He lets the title roll through his thoughts. It’s a lot to live up to, but he thinks he can do it. For Tony, he can.
Tony looks like he's biting the inside of his cheek so hard that it's causing him physical pain, probably in order to stifle another series of chuckles.
This is going to be
But now he wonders if this was what it was like to look in it and watch your dream come true, only to turn around to see nothing at all behind you, realizing the image in the mirror was only an illusion.
“I’ll… try to keep that in mind,” Steve promises.
The figure—a man of slight but muscular build, in a tight, black long-sleeved shirt and jeans, specifically—stops running. Both, Steve assumes, because he's been revealed, but also because he has nowhere to go, except perhaps several hundred feet down. He doesn’t have a broom or a wand as far as Steve can see, and if he was going to disapparate, he would have done it already.
Tony nods.  "Kind of neat that there's a whale that shares your mom's name."
There’s no still response.
. It happened on the big stage."
Turning to regard it head on, Steve sees it’s a streetlamp flickering on the opposite street corner, in front of a two-story red brick building. It has no signage, and nothing can be seen in the row of darkened windows on the second floor to indicate what might be inside. Facing the street at ground level is a single closed garage door. At a glance, it doesn’t look particularly odd, save for looking newer than the surrounding apartment buildings and corner stores.
Bobbi Morse sighs into her styrofoam cup.
“Ooh, DIBS,” Sam calls out excitedly—probably too excitedly—even as Steve is raising his hand.
wide, like he's been hit with some kind of laughter charm and is trying to fight it with all this might. And failing.
It's possible Tony was talking to the clawed robot, who follows dutifully behind him, but Steve has a feeling he probably wasn't.
His thoughts are interrupted when Tony bursts up,
mentioning how he fought alongside him during Operation Dragon in 1944.
Tony stopped Doom’s power just by touching him. If Tony is somehow… anti-magical… as Reed supposes, and Steve is a wizard...
"His name was Howard, like I told you. Howard Stark." Tony lifts his chin the direction of Steve's jacket pocket. "Take out your Tee-Dub." He pulls a face for a moment. "You... have a Tee-Dub, don't you? They told you about those when they de-stone-ified you?"
, the screen reads.
"Say no more," Steve reassures him.
. Steve is finally calming down, and taking the time to take in his date’s appearance.
to. I would
"He's not always what you'd call, ah, helpful. He can be prickly, unless he hits it off with someone..." Rhodes laughs and waves a hand. "I say that out of love. I don't know if you know this, Roger—I can call you Roger, right?— but I've known Tony for years. He's a friend as well as an employee. I’m glad to see you two are getting along."
"You tell me, sir," he demurs, averting his gaze in faux shyness. "You're the ranking officer on deck."
Progress on the negotiations was made, and in the end, while the Federation would need more time to consider the prospect of cloning whales or otherwise adjusting their natural breeding practices, George and Gracie settled on some basic terms: they and their progeny were free to do as they pleased, but would return on a yearly basis to let a new team, headed up by prestigious marine biologist Dr. Namorita Prentiss, collect genetic material and provide treatment as needed.
until I get some answers, Tony. You better have a damn good explanation for all this, or you're still under arrest—and I'll add posession of illegal creatures to the list of charges," he wags an accusing finger at U, who squawks and snaps her beak.
"Doctor Maria Cererra," Tony confirms. "She was brilliant and kind. Her work was focused on, as Jarvis would say, ‘wee beasties’," he mimics a Scottish accent once again, raising his hands to his neck to scoop up U; she coils up happily in his palms. "But she loved other animals, too. Kinda ran in the family."
He looks backward at Steve, then, and holds out Doom’s wand to him.
“I’m gonna go out on a limb and guess you’re the Doom guy Steve mentioned,” Tony quips.
They'll be all right.
Steve imagines Tony behind bars, or, worse, having his soul torn from his body by a hovering cloaked creature, and feels a sharp twisting in his chest.
The man turns around—the helmet's faceplate is sleek, smooth, all clean lines. It bears an intimidating expression, but not one of cruelty like Doom's old armor. But that doesn't mean that, if it is indeed the same man, that he couldn't have upgraded in the intervening years.
“Uhm—” stammers Steve. “I didn’t think we would—ah—”
“I can.” Tony stands his ground, staring Steve down. His voice changes; his words are careful, deliberate, as if he’s quoting a speech.
“—you’re stuck with me, I’m afraid. So, I’m second choice, huh?” a voice asks playfully from behind Steve, and Steve turns to see whom he’s offended now.
The whole ordeal must have hurt Tony so much... To find out that you would never, ever be the thing you'd planned on becoming for the entirety of your young life. Steve could only imagine how he would have felt if Solstice simply hadn't worked. If he hadn't become a battlecaster, would he have just gone home and started a Victory mandrake garden? It would have been humiliating.
Steve was going to visit Sam last night, before everything with Tony started—he’d gotten him
But he remembers something else from his calendar program: earlier today, Tony had his final physical after… the incident.
“HEY!” a familiar voices yells from inside the office door. Tony pops his head out of door frame, leaning out, clearing calling after Richards. Then he spots Steve, and his eyes light up.
. Ever since I came back on the force, I've been... closed off. Shut down. About as emotional as..."
"No!" Rhodes says lightly, "No, you didn't, at all. I'm just covering my bases. I like you, Roger. I'm all for this, in fact. I
“You deny it, but you know it to be true,” Doom argues vehemently. He pauses, seemingly calming himself, easing his grip on Tony’s face, sliding his fingers down Tony’s chin. When he speaks again, his tone is lighter, almost seductive.
Tony twists his head away, cringing, trying to avoid Doom’s cold metallic touch. “We have
"You've read up on the subject?" Dr. Prentiss looks thrilled.
He even revealed his identity to Steve, unprompted.
"Ah, that’s not a refusal I hear, is it?" Doom gloats.
ready?”
. Maybe a little
Steve feels his mind drift back into his past yet again—but not the war this time. There were magibombs used by both sides in the fighting, of course, but they were nothing like this.
“I... don’t have the shield anymore. If that influences your decision at all,” Steve says, attempting a casual tone of voice.
Steve throws his head back and laughs.
“Both, really. I was… ah, hoping, maybe, if you were free tonight, you might—”
Next year, Steve had said. They would come back again next year. Steve loved him, Tony thought, the sound of the faucet lulling him further toward sleep. Steve loved him, and there was no mission—or conversation—they couldn’t face together. There's going to be a next year.
one of the two hard problems.”
Sam is doing a credible job not limping; Steve, as usual, doesn’t mention it, and hopes Sam is actually recovering, not just trying to hide his knee injury, which he received about a month ago in the line of duty, apprehending a wizard who had been enchanting billboards in Times Square to hypnotize nomaj tourists. The curse had been a particularly nasty one, leeching poison into the tendon’s of Sam’s left knee, and the weekly application of the countercharm was proving slow in reversing the spell’s effects.
"Your mom," Steve recalls from their earlier conversation at the restaurant. He can barely believe it's the same night. They must be coming up on midnight, but Steve doesn't feel tired at all.
don’t let them take you out for rainbow bagels and unicorn frappuccinos. They don’t even have real unicorn in them.”
"Feel what?" Bobbi asks. Scott, riveted, is leaning so far forward he's actually phasing part way through the table.
in common—”
Steve just glances back at forth between the phone and Tony a few times, still stunned into silence.
Tony can’t quite bring himself to finish that sentence; he waves his hands, as if to wave away the past. He feels a kiss pressed against his hair.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Okay, okay:
He wants to order them both a Starthistle Sling at The Bar With No Doors—and then, after pointing out the picture of the Emerald Warlock above the bar,
UPDATE: IT'S DONE!! READ READ READ!
She swims closer to Gracie's head, just as the whale trio pauses a few meters out from the observation center windows, and places her hands about where Tony imagines a human's temple would be, a look of concentration spreading over her features.
Everyone in the restaurant is looking at them now, some people are even pulling out their phones—Steve vaguely remembers an image capturing feature being part of the device.
Steve just wants to do his pal a favor, he tells himself, ducking into an alleyway.
There's something flat and round in Tony's back pocket.
Steve sits straight up, trying to look more like one of the Bureau’s top aurors, and less like the nervous, depressed heap he feels like at the moment.
He picks up the sandwich and looks at it like he is devising a plan of attack; he's far, far too nervous to eat, but he doesn't want Rhodes to think he's acting strangely, so he forces himself to take a bite.
The Chicago Flyers played their last Quidditch match in 1945. Steve wishes he could have seen it.
Tony opens his eyes, his head now swiveled in Steve’s direction. For a moment, Steve thinks he sees a flicker of recognition in Tony’s eyes, but in the dim wandlight, it’s hard to say for sure.
Satisfied as he can be with his guess work, he runs toward an elevator car nearly full of nomaj passengers.
The blow Doom lands is devastating. Steve is flung entirely across the room, landing prone. He twists his head to the side, opening his eyes, to take in his position. Bleary-eyed, he scans the immediate area and sees… the door his spell created, and his friends staggering toward it, about to make their getaway.
Doom twirls his wand again, preparing another killing curse, and thrusts it closer to Tony’s face this time.
leaving you,” he promises.
Either Tony’s sarcasm is driven by the fact that he doesn’t know how powerful Doom is, or he is
Tony hasn't considered it before. They haven't ever discussed the prospect of children. Surely Steve will bring it up at some point, even if it's just to say he's not interested in having them. Or does he want Tony to make the first move? Or if it's a no, then perhaps he thinks there's no point in the conversation. Maybe he thinks it wouldn't be healthy for Tony to have kids at all, an opinion Tony mostly agrees with. Maybe—
He pivots back to face Tony again. “The one he accused you of being?” he asks pointedly. “Yes, quite so.”
Well, Steve could keep telling him until he got the message.
The glass theme continues in the lobby; the only structures in the building that are not transparent are fixtures of glistening chrome, reflecting the late morning light.
! Has he shown... reciprocal interest?" Bobbi queries.
Tony takes half a step backward and leans into Steve, his back to Steve's chest.
Steve regains the smallest amount of focus, taking another step back from the creature, and fires off a spell from his wand.
Tony turns away from Steve, collecting both their mugs, ignoring Steve entirely.
were a National Basketball League team from 1942 to 1943. They were funded by the United Auto Workers and replaced George Halas' Chicago Bruins, who folded in 1942. The team was an early experiment in integration, featuring at least eight African American players, most former Harlem Globetrotters.” A flying car seemed too good a logo not to use for a quidditch team, and given young Steve’s interest in a Chicago wizarding school, they seemed a likely team for him to support.
“Yes!” Tony points enthusiastically at Steve in affirmation. “I was even thinking Wanda could enchant it, get it to be even more powerful, make it fly around, or bounce off walls or something.”
I’m alone
A three-dimensional model of several figures in bright costumes, each suspended in a dynamic pose. There’s a young woman in red who’s clearly casting a spell, hands enveloped with a magical energy tinged in the same color as her outfit. A young man in green with a shock of white hair leaps beside her… Steve stares at each miniature frame in turn; the only one that’s familiar is Tony, soaring above the others in his signature red and gold armor.
“DON’T,” Doom stands, shouting again, “say his name.”
Actually laughs about it. A real, genuine, full-throated laugh, and it’s so infectious, Steve can't help but join in. It's the same kind of unadulterated joy as the moment they shared in Time Square, snickering over the look on Kyle's dad's face.
But Steve is still smiling at him, his eyes still kind.
Protego fortis
He laughs again. "You probably won't believe this, but there was a little while there where I think people were more excited for Tony Stark to make his public debut than they were for Harry Potter."
Whatever look Steve has on his face must be enough to push Tony over the edge to a decision, because he glances at DUM-E, giving the bot a wan half-smile.
“Richards,” Sam pleads with their captor, probably not for the first time. “Have you lost your damn mind?”
"That's good," Rhodes repeats.
Slamming the briefcase shut, and setting it back at his feet, he raises his arms in the air, waving the remaining breadstick in his hand in a looping gesture, something not dissimilar from a Swish-and-Flick spell casting motion. It hits Steve, then, what he's seeing: Tony's using the breadstick as a pretend
Reed unceremoniously rips the bag concealing the unconscious man’s face away, to reveal...
Steve hesitates before asking. "You don't want to tell me something, do you?"
He did it all with tech.
Steve had always thought it was sad that his new compatriots would have to have their memories wiped so fully. He genuinely liked them. He knew, at the time, that some of the top brass would be allowed to keep their remembrances intact, contingent on the promise that they would keep the secrets they found out about. More recently, Steve learned that they were the ones who would go on to form W.A.N.D.D.
“How extremely?” Steve inquires.
A green flash explodes from Doom’s wand, and Steve takes a breath.
. I'm not lying to you. Isn't it obvious what's going on here? What I am?"
His plan for making the most of his brief time at Hogwarts had been ingenious for a child his age, in Steve’s opinion—which really only proved that Tony’s calling had been engineering all along: he clearly had a gift for planning.
This must be the latest explosion site.
the meeting notification reads, and the date and time are set to now.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees.
, slicing at Steve’s midsection, painful lacerations ripping through his uniform jacket. Steve arches forward, torso curling reflexively in agony, while Doom reaches up, managing to get a hand on the orb. He rips it from Steve’s grasp, turning Steve’s assault back on him. He pulls the orb back, and slams it into Steve’s collarbone.
Steve nearly drops the phone. He had fought against the idea that had been plaguing him since he woke up, but nonetheless, it seems to be true: he isn’t the only survivor from the cave-in.
It looks like…
"Aye, Scotland," Tony says, when Steve mentions what Tony had said earlier, performing a credible impression of that country's rhotic accent. "Beautiful place. My parents had a lovely house in the Highlands when I was born. But..." a shadow falls across his face as he speaks. "Our situation changed when I was getting into my teens, and we moved back to the States. I... fell ill," he confesses. "I... don't think I want to talk about that right now, either."
He’d like to say the beauty and the solitude helped, but it honestly just made him feel worse.
Steve feels a hot flash of shame in his chest. He’s been such an
It was one more reason that Steve, after his resurrection, hadn't bothered to look up what happened to anyone he knew during the war—most of them wouldn't remember him, anyway.
, and he’s already dead. No offense,” she says, address the last to the ghost.
“—has been dead for nineteen years, and out of power for seventy-two,” Stoner reminds him with severity in his tone. “I know you’re still adjusting, Agent Rogers, but these are different times.”
“Some urgent baked good-based research?” Steve teases, nodding at the briefcase—and its doughy contents.
“Yep, that’s it: time for some shut eye,” Steve confirms. He leaves Tony with one more peck on the lips before heading for the bathroom to brush his teeth, taking the lights in the bedroom down to five percent as he goes.
a few minutes ago?”
Tony shrugs. “Dunno. But if it is, then, like anti-matter, it’s
“Please,” he gasps out yet again, and he’s not even really sure what he’s begging for. And Steve, the unbelievable bastard that he is, calls him on it.
"What are you—hands
Objectively, that only makes it all the more incredible.
What the hell? What on earth makes you think four in the morning is a good time to—”
He’s not sure what he’s supposed to be looking at, until behind the divider attached to the far edge of the desk, a long, snake-like neck rises up and into view.
that rapport with the falcon that nearly always accompanies him. Sam raised Redwing from an abandoned egg, and ever since then, one always seems to know what the other is thinking or feeling; they communicate without Sam having to say a word. The bird has been so helpful with Sam's case work, in fact, that Director Stoner actually made him an official part of the force.
“No,” Tony says again, calmly, pinning Doom in place.
“Yes,” Steve says, trying to be calm, wondering what’s going to happen in a minute, and how much more ‘real’ the situation could possibly get.
His toes flex into the mattress and his fingers curl into the flesh of his thighs in desperation. Which Steve notices. Of course he does.
charm. It zigzags skyward, the frame twisting at odd angles that, rationally, at seem like they shouldn’t fit together correctly, but somehow they meet with astonishing grace; its architecture is both geometric and organic at the same time.
"The school was abandoned by nomajs in '78, but it was the home of summer wizarding camps and community programs. We think it was empty at the time of the explosion—no one was found dead or injured... but our Forensic Conjurers have advised us that the detonation may have been so severe that someone in the immediate spell radius could have been completely disintegrated."
James Rhodes seems like a really nice person. Steve isn’t on a first name basis with a lot of nomajs, but if Rhodes were a wizard, he seems like the sort of guy Steve could, to use a phrase, get a butterbeer with.
," he flat out denies.
Where is everyone?
. He makes a broken sound and shuts his eyes again.
is a good look on you," he amends.
"He's... he's incredibly smart. And talented, and handsome, and..." Steve drums the side of his cup with his fingers, shifting in his seat. "He... makes me feel..."
“What is…
A garish three-story atrocity, marked with an abundance of green neon, packed wall-to-wall with tourists, including more crying nomaj children than Steve had
, building it all with his hands. And he wants to give it to everyone, wizards and nomajs alike. Or, he would, Steve is sure, if he knew wizards existed.
This is nothing like that.
“It…” Steve twists the plastic a few more times to see if anything else shows up on the card, but nothing else appears. “It doesn’t say anything about that, either.”
Steve nods.
he thinks.
"Are you undercover? If you are, it's not for FAB—I have clearance to access files for almost all our undercover agents, and you're not in there—"
“But it’s kind of flattering. You thought I was doing real magic, y’know? And if it’s not clear, I still think you're incredible, Roger—or… whatever your name is. Hey,” Tony squints, smiling. “If it's not destroying some MACUSA code word level intelligence, could you tell me what you're actually called?"
The sound of someone clearing their throat steals focus suddenly, saving him from struggling through a full reboot of his brain to try to come up with a retort.
The whole concept of a reunion started as part of an agreement worked out between Dr. Gillian Taylor, the 20th century marine biologist who travelled along with the humpbacks, a group of Federation officers, and the whales themselves shortly after their arrival in the 23rd century.
He’s rocked with a second wave of pain as he thrown by the force of the spell; he lands in the corner of the room, feet from the pipe where Tony was being held moments ago. Ears ringing, he winces  and tries to shake off the tearing feeling in his joints. He looks up and to his left, and sees Tony.
"—an ass?" Tony says, offering one of the mugs to Steve.
me, Rogers. You’re killing
at it."
they think you are, tried to dictate what you can and cannot do. They’ve held you back, held you
Simonson was a nomaj private he'd fought alongside in France. Simonson would draw little doodles—he and Steve had an artistic bent in common—and Steve would bring both their sketches to life with simple spells.
Steve doesn’t know, not for sure, but—he pictures a man who isn’t quite him, dressed in red, white and blue—he can make a pretty good guess.
Oh, no. Steve, who was bullied mercilessly growing up, understands exactly how mean children can be to one another. "Where did you go?"
Tony huffs a tiny laugh and drops his chin in an expression of phony timidity. “Well—it’s hard to remember—it all seems like a blur now—”
Alone
- Tony’s Captain America quote is from Avengers Vol 5, issue 34, i.e. Hickmanvengers. My first instinct was to use the “no, you move” speech, but I needed a break from that one, and I feel like this one gets more to the heart of what Tony’s trying to say, anyway. It’s… actually way less pretentious when Squib!Tony says it than when Cap does, IMO, hahaha.
Steve takes Tony’s gorgeous face in his hands, and leans in to press his forehead to Tony’s. “I’m just happy I don’t have to avenge
the logo etched into the left side says.
“Rhodes—” he says frantically before the other man can get a word in.
“Rhodey,” Steve barrels ahead, hoping he can still call the CEO by the nickname offered earlier,  “I need you to trust me.”
“What?” Steve appears backlit in the bathroom doorway for a moment, shaking his head, before taking the bathroom lights down as well and crossing back to the bed to join Tony.
He huffs a laugh. "For instance. But he's..." Steve wants to kick himself for hesitating. "He's a nomaj."
With his last shred of focus, Steve tosses his wand in Sam’s direction. “
“Oh,” Tony chuckles softly. “D-U-M-dash-E. It’s his name.” He points at the shelf bot. “And that’s Tug.”
And when Tony sums it all up with what he wants to use all that tech for—to change the world, to save lives, to make things better for everyone—Steve has to squash the impulse to rush over to Tony and kiss him every time.
“That was—”
doesn’t find you important enough to risk his own sorry skin for. He is weak, blind! Who is
Tony thought Steve was asking him to…? Oh
curse on them. She hands Steve the new copies. “Save that for the soon-to-be-boyfriend,” she quips, making Scott laugh and Steve’s face heat up in embarrassment.
He probably still will—to take Tony lunch, and see the bots and U, and walk Tony home, and, okay, fine, just to bask in Tony’s presence. But it’s not a requirement anymore, and he’s worried losing the rhythm of a daily assignment will throw off his schedule.
When he tries to break away to grab a bite, he is waylaid by none other than James Rhodes himself, who insists that Steve joins him for lunch.
Perfect. Now he has to pick a restaurant. Not just any restaurant: a great
The wall feels like a cold mist when he passes through it.
If you liked that, I'm thinking about writing an epilogue, so feel free to subscribe to the fic to get updates.
” Steve cuts him off, unable to contain his delight. “Please.”
"What were we talking about?" Scott asks companionably, clearly excited to be involved in the gossip of the living.
a wizard?"
That’s… mostly true. It’s 4:45am; the commissary hasn’t even opened yet for the day. Bobbi is grimacing through a magically reheated cup of yesterday’s coffee, and Steve had to conjure the tea.
Tony begins to turn, lifting both arms; he presents one palm in what Steve hopes in a peaceful gesture while the other goes to his head, presumably to pop the faceplate again.
Doom waves a hand over the orb, it pulses with light; sparks dance over the contraption in response.
Steve smiles at that. He does, actually.
during our time together." Steve tries to keep his face completely neutral, and has no idea if he's succeeding or not.
Steve regards the print on the side of the mug:
He mimics a the shaky, deep voice of an old man. "She was a
“Are you a tea guy?” Tony nods thoughtfully. “My gro—uh,
acquire power like mine. And if appearances concern you...”
He could have kept quiet—the silence of being overcome with awe would've certainly been an appropriate reaction.
Steve stands absolutely still for a moment, entirely in shock. He may as well be made of stone again.
“Oh, good, you’re here,” he greets Steve. He does a double-take, then, raising his eyebrows impossibly high. “Uh,
(His hand is warm. Not
Tony clearly took the time to clean up before their date, and he looks breathtakingly handsome in a dark grey button down and tight-fitting indigo jeans. Steve wasn’t even sure people could look that good without using a glamor of some kind.
. Crisp. Precise. The lines of his merlot-hued button down shirt and the pleats in his trousers;the part in his raven hair; the lines of jaw. Even his eyes—dark blue, with bright little teal flecks—dazzle him, recalling the sparks of light emitted from a wand as it casts some intricate charm.
secretly a wizard… and Steve hasn’t even revealed his real
“What?” Steve asks, turning.
And he watches helplessly as Tony wiggles out of Sam’s shaking grasp, leaping in Steve’s direction.
Steve's freehand returns to Tony's hip, pulling him backward, filling him from behind, drawing him out of the sleeve. "Good," he praises Tony, his voice deep as the sea they’re surrounded by. “Again.”
Sam went home early from Rhodes yesterday, saying he felt ill. Steve hasn't heard from him since; maybe he's still resting.
“I can tell you’re both, ah, men of action. You want to get moving, go hands on... I understand that impulse,” Rhodes paces toward them, sympathizing. “Maybe a personalised tour of a couple of our divisions would be more your speed? It just so happens that two of our Lead Engineers are available for the next hour, and they’d be happy to show you around. There’s Reed Richards, who can take one of you down to Biology—”
It couldn’t be… Could it?
Tony bites his lip, as if he’s struggling with the decision.
okay? How… did you…?” Steve trails off.
Tony knows what he means. As much as the subjects of his own studies tend to be decidedly unbiological—physics and chemistry, the minutiae of matter / anti-matter reactions—there is something magical about being here.
From their barnacled lower jaws to their scarred flanks, their striated underbellies to their swooping tails, the whales are completely unfamiliar to him. He would never, could never, design something like them. But their majesty is undeniable: the rocky contours of their fins like snowcapped mountains, the eponymous arcs of their backs like a rising sun. They are perfectly imperfect.
Hell, he could have proposed marriage, and it would have been less surprising to him—to them both. Oh, it would have been dramatic and impromptu, perhaps, but that's not entirely out of character for Tony, if today is a day he's being honest with himself.
From the newsstand, he’s off to the corner of Murray and Church, to stop at Englehart’s, which is probably the best nomaj-run bakery in the whole of Manhattan.
“I hated this job, anyway,” she tosses back over her shoulder, smiling as she makes her way to the other tables she’s serving, cards and cash tucked into her apron.
It comes to him in a flash: he'll pick up some hot Eel’s eye stew from Hungry Hippogriff in Highbridge, and take it to Sam's apartment. It'll make Sam feel better, and Sam will harp on Steve if he talks about Tony too much, so Steve’ll be prevented from dwelling on his date. It's a perfect solution.
He crouches down next to Kyle’s seat, then, so he can speak to the boy directly, setting his bag on the floor.
Tony cards a hand through his hair and shakes his head before settling back down against Steve's chest. "All right, fine. Magic wrist bracers. I can work with that," he resolves.
And then Steve sees it: while Doom is focusing on the containment chamber and starting whatever ritual he’s prepared, Tony looks precisely in Steve’s direction…and winks.
And the slight upward bend at the corner of her mouth makes it seem like she knows it, too. She's got a Mona Lisa smile—if the Mona Lisa was nearly 20 meters long and covered in blubber, anyway.
been introduced, albeit briefly.
“Hey, kids, it’s me! Open up,” Tony says, seemingly at the door.
Steve grits his teeth through the pain, clutching his wounded arm; he forces his hand upward just enough to cast a flattening charm at the metal fragments winging through the air above his head; they lose their mass, all at once becoming thinner than paper. The shiny bits of foil flutter to the ground, shimmering and twisting in the air like confetti, strangely festive in the midst of the violence.
The man coughs and raises his hand a little higher; Steve suddenly realises he’s been staring, unmoving and silent, while the man has been waiting with his hand out in greeting.
Maybe this could all end tonight.
"FAB—the Federal Auror's Bureau?" he says, recognizing the acronym. "You... you think
Steve gawps. He must be doing a fair impression of a fish. How can she be so cavalier?
“If we took her on the Avenger,” Tony asks drowsily, “do you think she’d let us
“What the hell do you want?” Kyle’s father asks Tony, who only looks pleased by this response.
Steve swallows painfully. "Yes, well... He's been nothing but—" he thinks of Tony's hand sliding inside his jacket, "
But Steve coughs and flicks his gaze upward.
He’ll have to go on pretending to be Roger Stevens for now. Have to go on seeing Tony at RI, and texting Tony on his nomaj mobile phone, and being humiliated when he doesn’t know what restaurants to go to.
Rhodey taps on his chest, producing a knocking sound. “Top of the line RI Carbon Fiber and Vibranium body armor. I don’t know how it’ll do against spells, but it’s the best I’ve got. Are
"Well, sure," Tony reaches in and pushes on the screen, moving the focus to the title of the issue. "And Grindelwald was ultimately in charge of Hydra. But this was written by a nomaj, not a magi-historian."
“I don’t know everything right now either,” he tells Tony, not letting him look away. “But I do know I loved tonight. Every second, every word.  I wouldn’t change a thing, okay? And I know I’d like to do the whale part again next year, if we can. And the other parts—” there’s a lewd glimmer to  Steve’s stare, even as his ears are starting to go red, “—I know I’d like to do that again much sooner.”
“You’re not on this assignment,” Stoner tells him matter-of-factly.
Of course, two days later, when Steve determines he’s going to ask Tony out, he’s scheduled for meetings with everyone but his favorite roboticist.
It’s meant to be a peck, Steve can tell, more performative than anything, a gesture to further enrage Kyle’s cretin of a dad.
“Have to head back to the office to take care of something,” Tony explains.
He sees images that are vaguely familiar, a shred of truth in each of them: a sickly young man being transformed into a superhuman fighting machine. But instead of Solstice, the project is called Rebirth, and the physician leading up the whole impossible procedure is named, fittingly, Erskine.
Steve squints. "Sorry, who?" He thinks he met an auror by that name during a conference at the end of last year—a slim man with dark hair and oversized glasses—but Steve had just been turned back from stone a few weeks before, and he hadn’t paid particular attention at the time. "Should I know who that is?"
What were these other people like? Who was the team leader? What were they trying to achieve as a group? How could Steve continue working at FAB and also be... what was it? An Avenger?
She looks at him skeptically at first, but bends down, allowing him to whisper several sentences in her ear.
Oh god—did he just—what is
“Hi—” Tony scans her nametag quickly, “Angela—c’mere.”
He pulls out his Two-Way Mirror, and tries to summon Sam, but there’s no answer; it’s dark and still in the reflected image of Sam’s apartment. Maybe Sam is sleeping. Steve probably should have checked before he had to stand behind that obnoxious Holyhead Harpies fan for twenty minutes. He sighs.
Turning the orb to stone and shattering it wasn’t enough to render it powerless before. He has to destroy it as completely as possible.
Pulling away from Tony, Doom brandishes the orb, gripping it harder. It glows faintly.
Steve is loathe to admit it, but Doom is... beautiful. His features are sharp, his skin unblemished. He's extraordinarily handsome. Steve isn't sure if his true face looked like this once, or if it's a ruse, a glamor.
“U,” Steve grits out, pushing back on Doom’s spell with every ounce of strength he can muster. “Get Sam! Rhodes—”
charm, creating a doorway once more.
Dr. Prentiss calls to Steve over her shoulder, exclaiming that the pleasure was all hers, and jog-walks up to the podium that's been setup for her near one of the centermost observation panes.
But calling another wizard clearly isn’t an option, either; anyone magical he brings with him is just a liability—one more person to be turned into a bomb. If one wizard being… detonated… could bring down a small building, a unit of aurors could take out a city block. Steve can’t risk it.
Doom is back.
Steve shakes his head. "Not to me, it isn't."
was a tea guy. I can work with that.”
Steve is… stunned. Other people are already working with Tony? Other
Steve raises the orb in his hand and brings his fist, and the enchantment, down squarely on Doom’s face. Doom topples backward, crying out.
Tony walks U over to his desk, and sets her down on a crumpled up sweatshirt. "Our, uh, groundskeeper in Scotland. I... may have fibbed before and said he was my uncle. The one who liked tea? He's a little... unusual."
The Andorian whispers to her again and she stills, staring out the window, attention focusing on the water just beyond them. Something about her energy makes her seem a little older than her age: a kid clearly willing to stay up past her usual bedtime for the sake of science. Tony had been like that, too, though he hasn't had occasion to think about that time in his life for years now: reading his PADD under the blankets until just before dawn.
He never dreamed they were magical devices in disguise, or that Tony would be using those same spells to make a getaway.
I don't know how it was in your day, but people can be really prejudiced even now. They actually told her, to her face, when she was pregnant with me, that her mudblood baby would never amount to anything."
to set Steve up for failure?
Neither has Steve, but he does have something familiar to work with. “Any luck with the runes?”
He trails off into a huffing half laugh, like he's composing himself to keep from getting emotional. Steve starts to rise from his seat, and Tony waves a hand, telling him to stop.
magical.”
Bobbi's brows curve down in confusion. "So?" She ponders a moment, and then exclaims in realization. "Oh! That was illegal in your day, wasn't it? Fraternizing with non-magical people?"
Sam points his wand at Steve next, while Steve’s mind races. It takes him several seconds to process the text in front of him.
“We don’t,” Steve agrees gently. “Not right now, if you really don’t want to. But I was curious what made you think of it tonight.”
“CRUCIO!” he casts at the resurrected Tony.
"Do you think that thing works here," Sam asks as the doors close again, "Or it just got loose?"
“God, Steve, I’m sorry.” Tony covers his face with his hands. “I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have said it—I just slipped up—”
Steve puts a hand back, wrangling Rhodey by the shirtfront, yanking him back down and hushing him in earnest this time. The silence charm won’t work if Rhodey leaves the relative safety of the cloak. “Not.
"My aspiring whale scientist." He doesn't even attempt to hide the fondness he feels. "Zoology is a good look on you.
. Some of my dad’s best friends were chemists and physicists.
“Where’s everyone else?” Steve asks.
, okay?"
“Rough night last night?” Tony elbows him good-naturedly. “Or good one? It’s okay, I’ve been there, trust me. But you look like you could use a cup of coffee.”
Once the rumbling stops, a darkened entrance way gapes before them.
"That was... incredible," Steve compliments Tony.
God, Steve’s made a mess of everything. How did they even get here?
"Uh-huh."
—and seconds later, he found himself at the Top of the Rock, looking out across the city, as the sunrise painted each skyscraper in glowing citrus hues, the last of the night dissolving into mild purple grays, the stars winking out of view for the day.
U snorts, seemingly in derision, and curls closer to Tony's neck. Tony picks up his jet boots, and turns, padding barefoot into the lab.
It’s Tony who finally breaks the kiss… with a yawn.
Steve has never met a roboticist before, but suddenly he can’t help but feel that this is exactly what one should look like, that this man is the platonic ideal of someone inventing the future.
It’s a massive effort to merely lift himself up enough to rest on his elbows; he tries to get his feet under him, and can’t quite do it without stumbling.
." He lowers his chin and stares evenly at Steve. "If you do anything—
He's so tired of lying to Tony, whose attention is completely fixed on him, imploring an honest answer.
"Anyway, it's not like yours was an uncommon reaction. Glitches—squibs, whatever—" Tony winces, like even saying them himself, the words still hurt. "It's not like we get a lot of recognition in wizarding society. We’re mostly forgotten about. Everyone hopes it'll never happen to their kids." He shrugs. "Not everyone gets to do magic."
“No time,” Steve informs him, walking toward the desk drawer where he saw Tony deposit the invisibility cloak hours before. “Tell me where you’re at, and I’ll come get you. And, uh, Rhodey?”
He removes his mask. It dissolves into smoke, spiralling up into nothingness.
] who gave me permission to namecheck Chess, aka the
And Tony is calling Steve’s name as the green bolt collides with his body.
Steve knows he’s been a shadow of who he once was, pulling away from everyone who has tried to care for him since he woke up. Everyone except Tony, who managed to break through Steve’s defenses. He’s so, so grateful, and he fervently wants to give Tony something in return.
Tony lets out a deeply held breath and nods, not trusting himself to say anything in return. Steve leans in and kisses him, first on the forehead, and then fully on the mouth, lingering there.
“All right,” he says a little louder. “We’re out.”
about."
Oh, god, Tony. Why did he have to be so much braver than Steve?
He’s got a killer to catch.
on this one until we figure it out, and get the bastard behind bars."
How can Tony not be a wizard? He's changed Steve's world so completely, lit him up from the inside, made him feel alive.
Steve’s heart starts beating double time. “Now?”
But for once, Steve can't pay attention to the details of Tony's technobabble.
The thing behind the desk gives a squeak of its own and pulls back as well, mirroring Steve’s behavior in its own way.
Maybe wizards could achieve some of those goals with magic. But Tony is creating all of it with his
For just a second, the atmosphere in the Point Blue Underwater Observation Center is electric: a moment of unadulterated joy.
Perhaps, Steve considers, his hostility is more related to wands than the scanners, though—he’s still bitter about losing his bracers. The alder wand he’s been assigned works better than the one he’d had growing up, but it would never be the same—
For once, Steve fully understands the reference Tony is making.
Steve inhales, buying himself some time. He’d thought quite a lot about how to tell Tony he was a wizard before their first date. But how can Steve break it to Rhodes? And without losing valuable time trying to convince Rhodes that everything he’s saying is real?
"Well, I told you we lived in Scotland..."
The crane-necked robot places the mug on the shelf bot, and then picks up the kettle and proceeds to pour hot water into the mug. Steve just continues staring, mouth hanging slightly.
Steve takes a deep breath as he hears a repeated ringing sound, followed by the “click” he has come to associate with nomaj calls reaching their destination and being answered.
"When did that happen?" Steve asks apprehensively.
Steve jogs into the lab after his date.
Resting on the floor, Tony hovering protectively nearby, he’s encircled by a swirling mass of people—Stoner congratulating Steve on a job well done, and telling him he’ll be back in the field in no-time, Bobbi telling him how glad she is he’s going to be okay, and introducing herself to Tony. Agent Ayala even brings over friend to see them—a freshly bandaged U, squealing in delight at being reunited with Tony.
extremely. As in, I’d be the only known case in the world right now.”
He can try to deflect Doom’s spell, and given the state he’s in, probably miss.
The noise echoing in the bustling MACUSA foyer—the sound of hundreds of witches and wizards making their way to the building’s dozens of levels to begin their day—is considerable, but the shout from behind Steve cuts through it, and through Steve’s memories as well. He turns, and spies Agent Sam Wilson pushing through the crowd toward him. Steve pauses so his partner can catch up.
The line is longer than he would have expected at the Hungry Hippogriff, and they’re out of Eel eye stew, so Steve has to settle for a Flobberworm bisque, but he’s finally on his way, strolling out of the back alley that conceals the deli from nomaj passersby.
,” Sam responds defensively, reaching inside his coat to access his wand pocket. “Not the same thing. Also, I said you were gonna hate it, remember?”
,” he mutters angrily, and continues stomping away toward the elevator.
Steve is as astonished as everyone else, though his reasons are completely different. Tony is… a wizard?
Steve knows that name. He knew that
He doesn’t have any kind of a wand that Steve can see, but that’s not necessarily a requirement for a talented wizard—Steve himself is living proof of that.
The Sorting Hat, Tony explained, is something of a final authority on squibs—no non-magical person has ever fooled it before, regardless of how extensive the trickery employed was. Some preternatural ability bestowed by the Hogwarts founders, Steve suggests, and Tony rolls his eyes at that, calling it a rather “hand-wavy explanation” (which strikes Steve as slightly odd; typically, spells were performed by waving your hands—wouldn’t “hand-wavy” mean ‘powerful’?)
“No,” he says, voice gone low and dangerous, seemingly to no one in particular, and Steve starts to realize that Tony’s Planning Face is nothing compared to his Determined Face; Steve has no idea what’s about to happen, and there is no way anyone in this restaurant is going to be ready for it.
“Who is he again?” asks Agent Avery, newest auror in the Theft of Magical Property department. “Steve who?”
, a voice in Steve’s mind echoes.
"You were thinking it too," Sam shrugs, popping the last bite of bagel into his mouth.
Steve racks his brain as he sips his tea. He can't think of any important figures in the wizarding community with the last name Cerrera, either in wand manufacturing, or government services, or even entertainment for that matter. But then again, he hasn't been in the twenty-first century for very long. He was gathering moss at the bottom of a lake when Tony's dad was a young man, so it's not like Steve has the most extensive frame of reference.
In the last seconds he has left, he twists his head again to look at his friends. To look at Tony.
The first two years, they had simply stayed in town during the festivities, attended some parties, and tried to spot the whales from above on boat and low-flying hovercraft tours.
A sound suddenly cuts through the room. The notes of it—for a very loose definition of “notes”—arc and bend in pitch wildly, unmusical but somehow still beautiful. Long, low reverberant bass sounds, punctuated by high metallic squeaks and cries. The overall effect is alien, haunting.
Steve's hand, almost of its own accord, snakes down to his coat pocket where he keeps Tony's calling card. He's gotten into the habit of letting his fingers trace the curved edge when he's nervous, or bored, or thinking of Tony.
Under what remains of the staircase, covered over by debris, there's something moving in the darkness; the air seems to ripple and glitter.
- I daresay Wanda Maximoff and Ariana Dumbledore have a lot in common in this ‘verse. Could there be an incident involving “no more wizards” perhaps? W-day? :O
(Though, if he is honest, Steve’s feelings are somewhat less, ah, platonic. So to speak.)
He can see the tiny swoosh of Tony’s hip bone peeking out just above the waist of his jeans and—
Tony eyes drift up and down Steve’s body, eyeing him like he’s a sweets sampler from Honeydukes.
Tony points to the girl in red. “That’s Wanda. She is actually a witch. Her powers are unstable—she had a fairly traumatic childhood—but her hex abilities are amazing. That’s her brother, Pietro—and that’s Clint—Jan thinks we should be called the Avengers. Which is a pretty good second choice, I have to admit—"
She pauses, looking nervously at the money he’s handing her.
“I brought backup,” Sam explains, panting. He stops, shocked, when it’s clear he realizes the figure crouching next to Steve is Tony, still very much alive. “Oh my god. You’re—”
“All my life I have pushed the conventional bounds of magic,” he boasts, voice crisp and clear, no longer hindered by the mask, “and have been shunned for it. We are outcasts, you and I. I, too, stand apart from rest of the so-called community. I respect your mind, your gifts. In fact, I want to offer you another one."
Tony fidgets, snapping his fingers, brow furrowing as he searches for the words.
"Captain America wasn't even real," Tony scoffs, waving a hand. "And besides, you're way too young to have fought in World War II."
Steve softly catches one of Tony’s flailing hands, lightly squeezing his fingers, giving Tony a faint smile. “I’m holding.”
“Steve—do you think—would you—?” He stops himself, biting his lip.
In addition to being the most brilliant person Steve’s ever met, Tony took a killing curse for him. He owes this man his life, and Tony is telling him how sorry he is?
"And yes, somehow I know about aurors, and occamies, and magic, and
Tony straightens up at that, putting some distance between himself and Steve.
“Flexible LCD film projecting live images recorded from intrapixel microcameras,” Tony says nonchalantly. “More reliable than demiguise fur—trust me.”
been explosions—first in Brooklyn, and now Queens. This is the latest, and the worst."
Hurt as he is already is, Steve is the only one left. He can’t let that monster escape again. He’s going to finish this, here and now, but he needs to get the others to safety first.
She laughs and shakes her head before proceeding to the other tables.
"Give your sister a hug," Tony directs DUM-E with a flap of his hand. "She's a little on edge."
"Put some more water on, DUM. This could take a while."
He sighs, looking sad and resigned. “Can’t. Go back to your place. Or invite you back to mine. Not tonight.” Tony pushes his body the rest the way away from from Steve, leaving him a little chilly in the cool spring air.
Tony squints, and slides one hand over his opposite forearm illustratively. "Vambraces—like, magic wrist bracers?" He chuckles, incredulous, searching Steve's face for some hint that he's joking. "You’re Captain America
“AVADA KEDAVRA—”
“Mainly came back here for these,” he explains.
Tony turns back to Steve, blinking slowly. Finally coming back to himself, he takes in Steve’s condition, and darts to his side.
Sam coughs beside him, and Stoner raises an eyebrow. Steve looks back and forth between them, confused.
his heart all at once. Three years, and the so-called "honeymoon period" of their relationship has showed no signs of stopping, or even slowing down.
The broom handles like a dream and Steve just knows he’s going to beat Tony to their destination. Tony’s had a hard week. Maybe Steve should go easy on him—
The same man who killed Bucky.
“On it,” Rhodey assures him, rushing toward Tony.
Tony gives Steve a lopsided grin. “Maybe I am. But. Just in case I’m not with you every single second of the day, I wanted you to have something. I was working on a physical one.”
Through some agreement with Nu'val and Prentiss, the whales begin a slow circle around around the observation center, letting everyone there, no matter their spot in the room, get an up close lateral view of them, and, oh, it's stunning.
And it's not just a lusty crush, either. Tony is attractive, of course, but it's so much more than that. It's his energy, his ambition, his drive: it's infectious.
“You alright?” he asks. They approach one of the two main elevators in the center of the MACUSA ground floor, where intricately designed metal supports soar hundreds of feet upward, eventually disappearing into an illusion of the night sky.
The fellow had been an older gentleman. Born in the 1920s... Just like Steve.
He pauses, favoring Tony with a charming smile. "How would you like to be a wizard, Tony?”
"This... this is me," Steve whispers.
“Any chance you could bring that with you? We’re gonna need all the help we can get.”
“—again,” Steve cringes, “
“See you later, slowpoke!” he taunts as he accelerates away, jets glowing even brighter.
A little girl in a shiny purple-blue dress, blonde hair streaming behind her, gallops over to her guardian, taffeta and tresses swaying as she comes to an abrupt stop. She looks to be about eight, if Tony had to guess. In her arms, she holds a stuffed whale. Her parent, who looks like they might be part Andorian, scoops her up into their arms, giving her a better view at the water outside. They whisper something in the girl's ear—Tony doesn't have Steve's hearing, but from body language it's almost certainly a question, something like, "Are you excited?"—and she nods emphatically in return.
Steve tries not to openly eye the folder. As far as he can tell, no one has made any progress with the explosions while he’s been assigned to RI; Brand’s new info seems to confirm his suspicion. Whoever is behind this, they’re good at covering their tracks.
long? And have been working alongside me for at least a week? Didn’t even you bother to bug my lab?” He laughs sardonically. “How are you not hip to the fact that I’m a squib, Doom? That is some
“Don’t mention it. Hey,” Tony ducks back into the closet one more time. “I got some upgrades, too.”
Steve is friendly with everyone, but he hasn’t made a lot of friends since he... came back. Sam is probably his best one.
go back to Steve's place? Maybe Bobbi was right, maybe he was making too big a deal of this.
“I always just thought I was… non-magical. Lacking in magic,” he snaps his fingers, fidgeting, twitching with nervous energy. “But Reed thinks I might be…
If Tony was a wizard… Merlin’s beard, it would be everything Steve had ever dreamed of. He could be himself around Tony. They could even
“Not yet.” Crap. That reminds him. Steve hasn’t heard from Sam in almost a full day. He really needs to call—
“Hey!” Steve swivels around in the bed, placing himself in front of Tony bodily, prying Tony’s hands away. “Hey, Tony, look at me.”
Before Tony can take another breath, Steve has thrust himself into Tony's personal space, his cheek brushing Tony's own, a few centimeters at most separating the length of their bodies, all while his posture remains rigid, official. To anyone else watching, Steve is simply conveying some private information, when in fact, he's pushing all of Tony's buttons simultaneously and repeatedly in front of a room of strangers.
He’s back, and once again he is holding people Steve loves hostage.
“Something like that,” Tony agrees.
But unlike a nomaj bombsite, the scorch marks near the center of the blast are white in color—possibly even silver. If you didn't know what you were looking at, and didn't realize it was an artifact of such horrible violence, it might be actually be a pretty sight.
There’s a crackle on the line as Rhodey huffs into the microphone. “You can’t just… call
At least, Steve
Steve's
Steve sets his cup down. “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he tells her, affecting a fake calm, smile still not entirely banished from his face (dammit.) “Also, stop using your powers on me. ”
"And that," Tony points out, "is the Red Skull, the leader of Hydra."
.” Tony scrunches up his face.
, his brain screams.
“I can work with that,” Tony laughs.
One about the triumph of ingenuity. One that has nothing to do with magic.
"Friends," Dr. Prentiss announces over the mic, "I'd like to introduce you to Gracie, George, and their daughter Sarah!"
But the instant their lips meet, Steve is hit with a wave of heat. Tony moans softly into Steve’s mouth, and Steve is sure Tony feels the same as he does.
,” he finally says.
Steve excuses himself as he pushes his way through the crowd, still hot on the figure's heels, following them to... the entrance of a soaring nomaj tower. A hotel, Steve thinks, as he shoves through the revolving door.
, Tin Woodsman. God, you are the most gullible—I can’t wait until S
"There was a spell," Steve explains softly. "Just a hardening charm, something like a first year might learn, but amplified to cover a greater area—and I got turned into stone. I was on a secret mission. No one knew where I was. I was trapped for over seventy years—"
"...we're going not to go back to the old, bad days of having to obliviate anyone," Stoner continues, "so watch yourselves on this. Reconstruction charms have already been cast on the site, so we'll be working from wand scans.”
A whistle sounds from inside the lab.
“Sir,” Steve tries again, unwilling to back down. “Let me visit the blast site. Maybe I could pick up some traces that were left after the repair charms—”
Maybe they needed to, he considers. Maybe the rune written by the victim had given away too much, and they had to scour the evidence.
Wait.
"Uh," Steve mumbles, trying to think on his feet. "The boy, Kyle. You don't think... his dad will take all that out on him, do you?"
He can’t believe what he’s just seen.
Tony doesn't know about Steve's abilities, does he?
He just wants
“You see, Tony?” Doom’s holds his hand aloft above the orb. “There’s no one whose skills are better suited to help me complete the extraction device, and no one more deserving of the reward. You’ve always wanted magic for yourself; it can be yours now.”
Steve examines the paper the bird retrieved; it’s a Daily Conjurer, the edition from two days ago. Sam hasn’t been here in days.
“But all that said, I still don’t think... I want to have kids.” He sighs for what feels like maybe the fiftieth time in five minutes, then gets mad at himself for sighing. “You make me feel like I could, like
“How’s it going, Mister Stevens?” Rhodes asks, stabbing his bowtie pasta salad with his fork. “You and Samuels finding… everything you need?”
“Kyle,” Tony turns and addresses the boy. The boy looks up at Tony, wide-eyed. “I was just talking with my buddy Roger about how
In any case, eleven-year-old Tony had done his homework. The Sorting Hat was where all previous squibs had gotten tripped up, so Tony pretended to be ill during the initial Sorting Hat ceremony. That way, he could audit classes for a week, taking notes furiously in every Potions, Charms, and Transfiguration class he went to, and blaming his poor results on a faulty wand.
“Both,” Tony cuts in, nodding. “I’m game for both.” He favors Steve with one more lopsided, charming smile. “See you Monday?”
Classic Tony Stark Planning Face. Steve smiles back.
Steve pulls back from the kiss and stares at Tony in surprise. Tony wears mischievous look, focused entirely on Steve, and then blinks a few times, breaking his concentration.
He presses his phone’s calendar button, just like Tony showed him.
He laughs, suddenly, shocked by the sound of what he just said, and Steve tries to laugh along with him—but it turns into a grimace as the gashes in his abdomen complain at being jostled.
get kidnapped by an evil wizard again,” Rhodey scolds, clapping Tony on the back affectionately.
It could be someone with access to staff files at MACUSA… or someone at Rhodes Industries.
Tony grins cheekily. “Race you to the Empire State Building?” he challenges.
was what he wanted to share with Tony. Amazing cuisine, a romantic atmosphere... a little piece of the dream of Italy he longed to see for himself.
Steve was imagining a future with him!
“Yes,” Steve admits, “but that’s not it—I know it’s legal now.”
Steve pinches and zooms in on the picture. It’s drawing of a man in a red white and blue outfit. Steve has seen some over-the-top robes in his day, but this takes the cake. It’s so tight around the character’s rear end—how did nomajs not get embarrassed wearing things like that?
“I can’t. Any other magic user I get involved just puts Tony at greater risk.”
They’ve
While the rest of the team slowly files out of the room, whispering to one another about what they've just seen, Steve is out of his seat and across the room before Sam—or anyone else—can get a word in edgewise.
“Well, everyone who examined me at Mount Sinai—
“I was thinking the same thing, Cap,” Tony whispers in Steve’s ear, making his heart leap up at the use of his old nickname.
"You… you told a nomaj?" Steve murmurs, stunned. "About magic?"
“‘I see someone who needs help... And I
His face is covered, but he cocks his head to one side, inquisitively, almost expectantly.
Grabbing the one breadstick out of the basket, he dumps the rest into his briefcase, on top of a computer and what looks like some pieces of metal—an unfinished robot, perhaps.
Thrusting his wand forward viscously, Doom lunges, shouting, sending a beam of sickly green light directly at Rhodes.
Steve gives him a playful scowl, but does has he's told, taking the mirror out of his pocket. "Who am I summoning?" he asks.
“Steve! Hey, wait up!”
“Hi,” he says softly, his gaze locked on Steve’s face. “Tony Cerrera. Lead Engineer, Robotics and Artificial Intelligence.”
. I guess.”
Tripping over his green cloak, Doom falls, landing flat on his back. Tony kneels down next to him, and presses a hand down firmly on the Doom’s chest plate.
and Steve’s out of the elevator, leaving most of the nomajs inside speechless—save for what sounds like one young girl, whom Steve can hear pronouncing it the ‘best ride EVER’, before he casts a locking
Even with the scaly winged member of their party shrunk down the the size of a weevil and hiding in Steve’s pocket, it’s an extremely tight fit for the two of them and their various supplies under Tony’s cloak.
"Fly," Tony says, eyes alight.
"What?" Tony asks, picking up on the shift in Steve's mood immediately. "What's wrong?"
He barely sees U, still no bigger than a billywig, as she darts out of his pocket. Seconds later, he hears the
The gauntlets and the boots make a whirring sound; metal panels slide open, and Tony removes the gloves from his hands, handing them to DUM-E's waiting claw, and steps out of the boots. Finally, he pops a catch on the helmet and pulls it off of his head, tucking it neatly under his arm.
They stare deeply into each other’s eyes, and then...
Steve bites his lip to keep from letting out a huge sigh of relief, especially when Tony seems so dissatisfied with that conclusion. Tony has a scientist’s mind; he always wants to dig deeper.
...” Steve says warily, but Tony pulls him into a kiss before he can utter another word, and Steve has the good sense not to protest that.
—I would let myself be responsible for other adult human beings again, let alone a
But the subject of the whales kept surfacing again and again. Steve always seemed to mention them casually: how often they were spotted, how they were doing, where they were when the calf was born.
Steve risks fluttering the front of the cloak just a bit. It’s Tony’s own tech: he’s got to be able to recognize it.
"Sure."
.” Blood is rushing to his cheeks, his face is heating up. “I said it the day I met you, and it never stopped being true. Even when I thought you—”
Finally, a faceplate fades in, covering his terrifying visage. “I’m so glad you’re finally awake, Stark. I’ve can’t wait to work with you—as myself this time.”
Tony nods against Steve's shoulder, considering, before looking into Steve’s eyes. “That’s fair," Tony agrees. "I mean… it’d take at least two."
Tony's watch chirps, breaking the silence, and Tony's eyes flick away for just a moment; he's trying to stay focused on Steve, but is obviously distracted by whatever the device on his wrist is trying to tell him.
Steve pulls out his mobile phone, just as it makes another beep.
“No reasonable person would disagree,” Tony proclaims, nodding.
good idea of what the answer will be.
at how well he and Tony work together. He leans in, giving Tony a quick, tender peck on the lips, and lets his cheek rest against Tony’s.
make you feel bad about who you are, okay?”
“Look,” he barrels on, fidgeting with the sheets. “Three years ago, I’d have said anyone spreading rumors about me contemplating offspring was absolutely out of their mind, had had a little too much spring water on Psi 2000, you know? There was no way—
Got him. If only for a second.
a wizard is.
Damn, Steve had been hoping to go on the biology tour. It would probably be all… oh, what are they called? Microorganisms? But at least it was something
“Anti-magical? Is that a real thing?”
Tony pulls out his phone, and presses the screen several times before handing the device to Steve.
It looks so
something?” Rhodey asks panickedly.
He stalks toward Tony, the crumpled ball of Steve’s former weapon gripped tightly in his fist. “
And then suddenly, they're not alone.
about you, Stark, or he would already be here! I invited him, challenged him!
Doom turns away from the pedestal, back to his favorite prisoner, overjoyed at this sudden change of heart.
He couldn't still be hiding it, could he?
tell you? Or something you want to tell
“You’re talking about breaking the International Statute of Secrecy!” Steve shouts, throwing his arms up.
He had known an alchemist from Beauxbatons who was part of the French resistance, as well as a Russian broombomber who had gone to Durmstrang; she’d been one of the famous Night Witches.
“Do you… want to have kids?” Steve’s eyes are kind—he’s always kind to Tony, probably even when he shouldn’t be—but his face isn’t giving anything away one way or another.
"My lovely assistant, ladies and gentleman," Tony says in lieu of 'thank you.' "I'm going to pull a massive tip out of my hat for you later."
And with that, he pops the faceplate back down, walks to the edge of the balcony overlooking the city, hops the railing... and steps off the edge.
don’t want to be there next time, how’s that?” Rhodey snarks playfully, pushing himself back to arm’s length. “Not unless I get a full set of armor, too.”
Tony pulls back suddenly, regarding Steve with a contemplative expression—something like nervousness flits across his features.
” he finally ekes out, abashed.
The dark wizard winds up his wand arm again, and Steve is trying to stand up—for Tony, to make Doom pay for what he did to Tony—
Of course. That could change course of the fight, turn the tide in Steve’s favor.
Before Steve can beg Tony’s forgiveness, Tony continues: “I get the sense it’s not your area of expertise, but we’re pretty proud of it. Or,
, he tells himself.
Legs sore, cheeks wet, gasping for air, Tony fucks hard into the sleeve in Steve’s fist, once, twice—and oh god, Steve’s massaging one of the beads in the stroker under his head, just how he likes, oh god—and he comes like he’s leaving his body, like he’s leaving the bounds of time and space: warp thirteen, blinding and beautiful.
Steve turns the cloak over in his hands, until he finds a small black switch on its underside. He flicks it, and watches as his hands virtually disappear.
He supposes nomajs are a bit more patriotic when it comes to their taste in heroes.
, for Merlin’s sake—
They shuffle as quickly as possible through what is now the nomaj bicycle storage room in the basement of the Woolworth Building, about eighty feet and one very powerful warding charm below MACUSA’s headquarters. Part of Doom’s diabolical plan, no doubt—if the rest of the Bureau finds out about this, they’ll be walking into a trap. Taking out both a seat of magical government and a portion of its service arm in one fell swoop would certainly make Doom’s goal of Wizarding World domination easier, not to mention that hundreds of nomajs would be caught in the crossfire.
Tony stands up. Raising his arms over his head, he motions with his hands, and the baskets dance in a circle in the air.
"I thought this offer might be too sweet to resist,” Doom’s lips curl into a smug smile. “You see, since returning to the living world, I’ve spent my time absorbing every ounce of magical potency I could, by every means available to me. But it still wasn’t enough. I needed a new source. I searched and searched, until..." he gestures toward Sam. "I realized there was power all around me, trapped in the bodies of those who did not deserve it. Extracting a wizard's magical essence is a delicate operation. It hasn't always gone to plan. But even my failed experiments have proved... interesting."
Hecate Medimagic Center—gave me a clean bill of health. There’s nothing...
"So. This is, uh, unique," Tony says, a picture of sheer delight. Is he... laughing
“Sesame seed.”
He might be the one behind all the explosions.
Tony... was sickly as a child? Steve can certainly relate to that. As much as he wants to know more, though, it'd be hypocritical of him to press the issue. More importantly, this is the first time Steve's ever seen shame dashed across Tony's features, and he doesn't like it one bit.
He takes a few slow steps back from Steve, detaching from Steve's person completely. He looks Steve up and down, like he can't quite believe what he's seeing. "You don’t think I should get to tell anyone. I don't have skin in the game, so to speak."
But it appears none of that will be necessary. The man, humiliated, sits back down in a huff.
Steve looks up at Tony at that. “What?”
Tony's knees go weak. Thrumming in his chest, his heart kicks into a higher gear.
Steve hears a chirp and feels something warm brushing against his hand; DUM-E is handing him the mug of tea.
Could this day possibly get worse?
Steve finds himself assaulted by the furious beating of wings and claws. He probably should have expected that.
, Steve attempts to convince himself as he reaches out to take the engineer’s hand.
Steve's blood runs cold. He stumbles backward, dropping the invisibility cloak, and holds up his shieldless forearm instinctively.
"That was true. He was kind of a big deal in the magical community."
with the whales next year?
Tony grabs two glasses of sparkling grape juice from what is probably a scientific workstation of some kind, covered with a table cloth for the occasion, and pulls Steve closer to one of the nearly half-meter thick panels of transparent aluminum, taking their spots for the big arrival.
It’s… a robot.
He uncovers his eyes to see that Tony's are... well, about the size of the massive appetizer platters he sees at the other tables.
” Galloping gryphons, how many people did Tony
If Rhodey wasn’t thrilled with Steve before, he’s going to hate him now.
Steve winces. "What did they say?"
Sam is still feeling ill, apparently, so Steve is left to wrangle RI staff on his own. He’s swarmed by Supplier Quality Engineers asking about specifications, as well as IT staff probing him with questions about network connections and data integrations. He tries his best to answer, following the scripts MACUSA provided him, and asks all the correct questions in return to confirm that RI can produce wand scanners and the other magi-tech they’re interested in.
"Well, you're obviously doing that now."
“I don’t judge lives, Doom,” Steve informs him, raising his wand. “I
Uh oh.
As Tony touches down, though, Steve is puzzled. It's not much of a getaway if Tony returns to a place Steve knows about, let alone to one Steve goes to nearly every day and still has security clearance for.
: the Wizardry Alchemy and Necromancy Department.
"Goodnight," Steve tells him, forcing himself to take a half step back, parting from Tony.
he catches the words ‘daring, nerve, and chivalry’ in there somewhere.
Without warning, something warm blooms in Tony's chest as a thought occurs to him: what might it mean to Steve to be able to give a child what he never had? To raise a child free of all the burdens he had to carry: being sick, hungry, lonely, poor?
Tony just blinks at him, absolutely undone and totally speechless.
That’s a
“No, that’s her name: Janet VanDyne. Her family has some fae heritage, as it turns out, but it took science to bring those attributes in her DNA out.”
“It…” Steve looks at the shimmering text. “It doesn’t say anything about RI on here.”
He waves a thumb over his shoulder to the hallway leading to the building’s main foyer. “I should take off. Thanks for letting me bend your ear, Scott.”
“Cererra? You there?” Sam asks. His words echo from the opposite side of the room, about twenty feet from Steve’s location if he had to guess. He sounds half-dead. They’ll have to rush him to Hecate Medical as soon as possible, but he’s alive, and in the meantime all Steve can think is,
“It’s late—or early—and I’m tired. I need some time to…” Tony sighs, eyes flicking upward as he searches for the words. The fight suddenly goes out of his frame, fatigue pulling him down into a slumped posture. “I just need some time.”
together—there would be no way the Auror’s Bureau—or any MACUSA division, for that matter—wouldn’t want to hire someone as accomplished as Tony clearly was; with such a brilliant understanding of nomaj tech as well, he’d be a shoe-in.
“Oh, I know
Steve has to do better than last time. He has to save Sam and Tony. But he can’t do it alone.
, that was close—and closes around Steve’s muggle phone, which he extracts from Steve’s jacket before taking a half-step back.
- I didn’t know this until
Hauling Sam behind him with one hand, he raises the other, drawing a sharp line from the floor to the ceiling with his wand.
“Yes?” Steve asks, breathless as Tony helps him to his feet.
Not-Actually-Reed turns, pacing back toward the center of the room, his true features revealing themselves as he does so. He stands with his back to Tony as his frame fills in, musculature heavier than Richards. His eyes shift to a darker brown, nearly black.
He pulls her back in, continuing to explain, while simultaneously fishing his wallet out of his back pocket. Steve can’t quite see the full amount he’s retrieving, and he’s not an expert on the relative costs of things in nomaj dollars, but the top bill says ‘100’ on it, and there’s definitely more than one in the stack he hands to her.
Tony’s shape gets smaller and smaller as he rockets away from Steve, and suddenly his auror training kicks in; he can’t let a suspect escape, not when there’s a chance he could prevent Tony from—
Katie laughed in response as Steve blushed pink. The blond cursed his Irish ancestry for being so easy to read. Still, hearing Katie laughing was a win; he helped her have a normal life.
There’s a bit of silence now, Steve’s only rubbing Tony’s back gently, but something’s odd. Steve’s biting his lip a little bit, hiding his face and turning away. The soldier’s face is turning pink now, and-and is he laughing?
Tony scoffed, dropping his hands from her grasp. "A mistake. You make it sound so simple. Like something you can fix."
Tony finally faced the four of them. "I need you guys to help me research this case. We need to find out why she's seizing and fast. Page me when you guys have an answer. Whoever figures it out can scrub in." Tony's eyes locked on Steve's for a moment, trying to hold his gaze before the blond immediately stared at his shoes.
Steve was now giddy with excitement; he couldn't keep his eyes off the stranger as he made a call and headed out to meet the cab. The intern left a generous tip for Joe, and left to meet his gorgeous mystery man.
Bucky threw his hands up in the air. “Did you not see what just happened at the station? He didn’t even look at me as he roasted my ass, but with you, it’s all recipes and asking about your girlfriend.”
"Dr. Blondie. That's really cute, actually."
So, yeah. Tiny preemie babies were a good distraction.
“Yeah, I guess I do. I love you, Tony.”
"I fall all the time,
The interns were told to cover Dr. Potts-Stark's non-emergent patients as she was called into emergency surgery. The residents with seniority were the ones called to scrub in with her, and Steve was glad. As much as he loved surgery, he wasn't sure how he'd face Pepper after what he said. When he told the rest of the interns, they nearly fell to the ground in surprise.
Steve tried sneaking away the examination continued, hoping to hide in a supply closet or run away as far as possible. Katie seemed to be taking enough of his attention until she called out to him as he was stepping out of the door.
"Oh, honey.” Steve leans down, kissing Tony’s nose. “We’ll get some later, okay? We’ll get all the coffee in the world if you want.”
The interns stashed the rest of their lunches in their pockets before rushing to the library together. They picked up everything there was to know about subdural hematomas and appendectomies. Books and files were spread across the tables among sandwiches and french fries. Bucky's anxiety was almost tangible; Natasha nudged him under the table.
Sharon giggled and dragged Nat out of the locker room, bidding the boys goodbye for now, until the party back at Steve's apartment. Steve snickered as Bucky watched Nat leaving the room.
Thunder rattled Chicago Medical, and that seemed a good cue as any to bid each other goodbye and get on with their day. So much for getting to a better place with Tony.
By lunchtime, anyone who had a hungover from last night's party started sobering up. News spread quickly, and the interns were met with stares and whispering for the entirety of their break.
Steve was speechless. Any confidence that he had the other night had completely faded away, and Tony had managed to take any breath he had in his lungs. He used to be suave. He used to have people swoon. But somehow, with Tony's voice on the other end, laughing and talking like some goddamn
yes. one direction influenced the chapter title.
"Pep," Tony warned, "we shouldn't."
One of the interns last night was boasting on all the surgeries they got to witness during their medical school career. Her dark red hair matched her fiery passion for medicine, and it made Steve feel queasy. Surgery didn't scare him, but somehow, hearing this woman go on about someone's chest wide open, it made him sick. How the hell were they allowed to do this to people? Opening chests? Why couldn't he have stuck to internal medicine with the other physicians?
The blond continued scrubbing his finger nails, partially wishing he'd explode into a million little pieces and disappear. He knew Tony was looking at him, looking at him with his fucking model eyes and the model smile and the model hair under the scrub cap, and he was just so damn embarrassed.
"As you may have heard, we select an a very lucky intern for a solo surgery," he explained, "We've got an appendectomy"—Natasha jabbed Bucky's ribs in victory—"and James Barnes will be the intern on the case."
“Remind me to go and get some,” Tony grumbles. “How the hell do we have banana ketchup stocked in here but not
"Rogers, when you're finished up here I'd like to speak with you for a moment."
The tension seemed to melt away a little as laughter echoed around the room. Fury cleared his throat once more.
Steve stopped in his tracks with a frown. "Eva is not going to be a rebound for me. That is not who she is. She doesn't deserve that."
"Well, he's lookin' at you," Joe said, "and he's coming right this way."
Dr. Danvers collected her charts and reminded the interns once more about paging her. The interns were silent, not daring to move or breathe until she was out of their presence. Wilson snickered.
good care of you."
Cheeseburger would sit on Steve's side of the bed, meowing pathetically for the super soldier to come home. He'd sometimes go into Steve's quarters in the tower, even though the soldier didn't spend much time there since Tony and Steve got married. But the room still smelled like him, and Cheeseburger was on his own personal mission to find his favorite blond.
first date.
Across the nurses' station, Steve noticed Tony speaking with another patient and their family. The familiar charming voice, the way that he laughed at just the right moment—Dr. Stark was a smooth operator when it came to speaking with the families. The neurosurgeon was just waving goodbye to the family as he locked eyes with the intern. His smile quickly faded when he saw the intern standing with someone he had never seen before.
Steve bit his tongue before forcing what he hoped was a sincere smile. "Dr. Potts-Stark, with all due respect, you don't have to tell me all this. I...I don't talk to Dr. Stark anymore."
Mr. Calvin Klein only got prettier when he smiled. He was in the middle of getting dressed, buttoning a navy blue shirt. Steve found himself getting flustered upon remembering how difficult it was to unbutton that damn shirt. Buttons are way harder to undo when you're piss-drunk.
