Steve looks at him, earnest and open. He caresses Tony’s cheek with the tip of his fingers. “I do,” he says. His hand cups Tony’s face. “I do.”
“Like, your day, what do you do, usually?”
“I’ll take what I can get,” Tony says, but he feels Steve tense up behind him. He turns his head to find a displeased expression on Steve’s face, the one he makes when something doesn’t go like he planned it to, and okay, he’s gonna strategize a different way to go about it,
“That’s... practical.”
Steve nods. His head is being held up by Tony’s hands—he hadn’t noticed that.
“But?”
The silence is deafening, Steve wants to scream and cry and scream some more and beg for clemency he doesn’t deserve.
The first thing Steve sees when he wakes up is a breakfast tray on his bedside table. He smiles.
“I think—”
He stands up.
Tony’s thrusts grow hard and fast, like his hand has always been, and the rhythm is driving Steve out of his own mind, the pleasure building up and solidifying inside of him into something that makes his skin burn, his vision blur, his breathing ragged.
Tony falls back on the mattress, rubs the last remains of sleep away from his eyes. He sighs and turns to look at Steve.
Tony looks up from the drawing and outside the French window for a while, then turns towards Steve, and smiles at him as soothingly as possible, in the hope of smoothing away that awful frown from his brow.
The harsh smell of the airport leaves a foul taste in his mouth. It makes him want to spit.
“Steve,” he tries again.
“But we might not always have the time to discuss things in full. In that case I want you to trust me and my judgement.”
T'Challa smirks. “Make sure you’re ready for another diplomatic incident, then.”
He enters one of the cafés on the edge of the Piazza and waits for his turn. He orders a glass of sparkling water, drinks it quickly. While he pays, he asks if he can use the toilet, and the girl at the register holds out the key for him. He asks her to please put it on the counter, and she does without comment—she’s seen weirder. He takes the key and enters the small bathroom at the end of the corridor, closes the door behind himself with a sigh of relief.
“You asked me to kiss you in that way and I—”
His eyes widen even more, in a moment of pure fear.
“Sometimes, I feel like we’ve been here for months,” he says then, quietly, almost to himself instead of Tony. “But it’s only been days.”
“But—”
He doesn’t cry, though. He’s doesn’t want to cry anymore.
It reminds Steve of the paintings of ancient ruins that were so popular in the first half of the 1800s. John Constable and Cole Thomas. Richter, Schiffer, Friedrich. Maybe even something older, like Verboom and Canaletto.
He looks more tired than Steve has ever seen him, even after his long stretches in the workshop, pushing his body and mind to the limits of sleep deprivation.
She doesn’t reply. She sits on the couch
Tony forces himself to ignore how hurt he feels by this. “I would’ve appreciated it if you’d told me. That’s all I’m saying.”
“You don’t draw anymore?”
Then, Steve makes a sound.
Tony sighs and shakes his head in silent disagreement. “Can we talk about something else? Please?”
Tony turns off the light.
again I’m gonna smother you with a pillow.”
Steve doesn’t know where they’re going. He hasn’t asked, and Tony hasn’t said.
“I’m sorry. I’m just saying… I’ll go. I’ll leave you with Sarah… We can have the sheets changed if you—”
“I’m so tired.”
And yet.
“You okay?” Steve asks, worried.
He would whisper something in Tony’s ear then, something about how beautiful Tony is, or about how much he loves him. And maybe Tony would be able to believe it.
The reboot gave him back his old body, so Tony doesn’t need to gain any lost weight, but he eats, regularly, and in the right quantities, and he drinks plenty of water.
“Went in there once. To leave your shield. It’s there. Against the edge of your bed.”
Steve is pretty sure they didn’t end their phone calls like that, before.
“I’ve heard rumors. That they’re gonna kill you soon.”
The television. The program Tony was watching ends.
Back in the guest house, Steve puts Stella’s ragù in the fridge, and then drinks an entire bottle of water. Tony watches him while he does it: his head thrown back, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down, his lips gleaming with water when he finishes the bottle, but his breathing isn’t labored. Of course it isn’t.
“Steve...”
Tony blinks, swallows, taking advantage of the fact that Steve isn’t looking at him to let his excitement play freely on his face.
That’s right.
“I can’t—”
“No, I should apologize. I should’ve asked.”
His dick keeps spurting load after load of thick come into the toy, each time bringing awful spasms to his abdominal muscles, his pelvis, his thighs. There’s no pleasure at all in this. It’s an orgasm that feels like a knife through the guts.
, and he’s taken aback when Steve just does as he’s told without hesitation. He stares at Tony from his end of the couch, curious.
“Oh, you have— you have used it before?”
“Hey, Tones. How are you?”
Steve looks down at himself and he discovers that he’s naked, red and hard with want. Tony instead is still wearing his boxers, and Steve presses his hips against Tony’s, makes him groan in anticipation, feels his own heated skin slide over the silk in an obscene, perfect way. He leaves a stain on the fabric, and he moans at the sight.
It was there, that light, right there in Tony’s eyes, while he was in Steve’s lap, while he moaned his orgasm into Steve’s mouth, while Steve pressed his love into Tony’s skin.
Tony nods.
“I can’t believe this. I can’t do it!”
Steve watches the expanse of sky passing over them from the cockpit and thinks of the same thing he’s been thinking about for the last two years.
Fucking super soldiers and their ridiculous protein intake.
“‘M tired.”
By the time Steve’s done, there’s a gigantic plate of spaghetti with clams waiting for him. “Wow,” he says, and Tony smiles at him, gestures for him to sit.
“Yeah, I… I shouldn’t have done it. I know. I should’ve called S.H.I.E.L.D. and…” He releases a breath of barely-contained anger. “No, you know what? Fuck that. I don’t care. They got what they deserved. I don’t regret doing it and I’d do it again in a heartbeat. Go ahead and be disgusted or disappointed or whatever the fuck else, I don’t give a shit. They hurt
He glances in Tony’s direction, and he’s surprised to see he isn’t as cheerful as a few minutes ago. He’s looking at him intently, staring, wonder in his eyes. Steve smiles to himself, and resumes his work. Knowing that Tony now looks at him like that makes him feel warm. Wanted.
“Steve, I want you to... I need you to read something. That woman, the woman who knew my mother—”
That’s when Steve realizes something he should’ve probably noticed earlier: The other side of his bed looks used. Tony’s sleep clothes are lying on top of the covers, which are somewhat in disarray. Sarah is wearing her Ms. Marvel pajamas.
I’m about to pay for it.
And Tony tried to be Mr. Stark, the only Mr. Stark he could ever be, the one he knew Steve already liked and respected.
“Tony, I’m gonna—”
“Please don’t say anything,” Tony says, his voice low and yet still cracking around the words.
“If you don’t want to anymore or you changed your–”
“I’m right here.”
Tony regains control of the car. He’s breathing hard. He swallows, keeping his eyes fixed in front of him.
“You can barely sit. Wait for a little while, okay? You wanna eat something? I can fix us a couple sandwiches.”
The next few days are kind of a blur.
, Tony,” Steve takes his head in his hands, props his elbows on his knees, shoulders hunched low, sadness and resignation evident in the shape of his back. “God, what a mess,” he sighs and sits back up. “Anyway. I’m sorry. Really. I’m sure you have a lot of work to get back to so I won’t keep you.”
“Nowhere near here, don’t worry. Pretty much everyone has left. She’s staying with Bucky and Nat. Not exactly close to school, I know, but Pepper has one of her hell weeks, so.”
“One night, I got wasted. I was tired, I was thinking about everything that happened, about, about you, and... So I decided. To quit.”
Tony lowers the visor attached to the roof of the car and slides Steve’s drawing into the pocket there.
He feels sticky. He feels overheated and raw, his skin scratched and caressed all over by Steve’s voice, ever so terrifying and gentle, ever so careful not to sound threatening or forceful, not to transform instructions into orders, but too often skirting just barely away from that threshold, the unmated Alpha in him always roaring softly, and gritting his teeth under the surface of Steve’s well-measured and pleasant exterior personality. It’s a calm and reassuring sound, a storm rumbling at the edges of Tony’s horizon, and it leads him to a place where he feels safe and alert, where he can let everything else fall away and just be one with his movements, with his body, his sweat, his skin, and Steve’s voice at the root of it all, Tony’s loneliness stripping it of all its kinder masks to leave only the nude orders, the Alpha orders he so craves underneath the pretense and the armors,
“I read that she’s famous here, is that right?”
“I can relate,” Tony says, then takes a good look at Steve. “You already showered?”
It’s outlandish. It’s fantastic.
There’s no point. He’ll just wait until it’s over.
Steve lets Tony drive for the rest of way back to the guest house. He tried to protest, but in the end trusting Tony seemed like the best thing to do. Driving calms him down.
“Oh, I’m sure I haven’t,” Tony says, and he can’t help how bitter he sounds. “Could’ve been in another room for all it was doing for you.”
works.
Tony doesn’t answer, and Steve wants to cry.
“Because I didn’t want to,” he says, taking all the blame for himself.
“Okay. That’s good. We’re in Vermont now. They tried to get Steve’s blood. Listen, Carol, there’s been an explosion, and... I’d rather S.H.I.E.L.D. didn’t look too much into it.”
“Steve—”
“Steve—” Tony breathes out in a lascivious little gasp.
He notices a few things in rapid succession.
“We don’t have to get back together… like that—”
It’s strange to have proof that Steve sees him as altruistic, heroic.
“You’ve been taking care of me for a long time. The least I can do is take care of you when you need it. Especially after—”
“I’m serious.”
He opens his eyes to look at Steve. “Thanks.”
He finds him curled up on the bed, facing the other way from Steve.
“I never knew, I—”
“What I said earlier. I don’t want you to think I’m so arrogant that I... that I feel entitled to dispense—”
There’s a doctor. Tall, blond, young.
“Sit down,” Tony says, and Steve obeys.
Steve missed the only chance he had.
The oven. He needs to preheat the oven.
“Because I’ve seen you.”
“Your heart is beating fast.”
And sleep. She sleeps all the time, except not continuously. She wakes up about every three hours screaming, until Tony gives her her bottle and then lulls her back to sleep, his lullabies sounding suspiciously like AC/DC songs adapted for the purpose.
Tony seems to be in distress pretty much all the time Steve isn’t inside him. He’s burning hot and can barely move. And Steve, for his part, isn’t doing much better. His knots still last two hours; there’s been no gradual decrease.
“Yeah, can’t say I’m against it, personally—”
“Goddammit,” Tony says under his breath, then swallows. He releases his wrist, but it’s still shaking a bit. He rubs his chest.
“I want
“Dad—” she says, and touches the dip of Tony’s throat, “I feel weird.”
But Tony, Tony
“How long does it take to get to Stella’s house?” he asks while fixing the shading of the nose he’s working on.
Steve takes off his clothes. He stands there, naked in front of Tony, and tries not to shiver by thinking that soon he’ll sit in the tub.
Steve gets up, and starts walking back to the Relais. Slowly, though; there’s no rush. There never seems to be any rush here, and for someone like him it’s hard to believe that people can live like this, and not with the perpetual and frantic urgency of everything and everyone in New York.
“Uh… What?”
“You’re very welcome,” Steve replies, charmingly, while a shy grin blossoms on his lips.
“Why is he here? Why’d you bring him here?”
The sound Steve makes, like someone pinched his heart with a knife through his ribs—strangled, wheezing, an endless agony crammed into a second—goes right through Tony like a bullet.
For his part, Tony isn’t relaxed either. He hasn’t stripped down and he hasn’t changed into a robe, even though he still feels too warm. He removes his tie and undoes a few buttons on his shirt, but nothing more.
“It had to happen sooner or later.”
She spent that day in her room, in the big house the Carbonells owned in Southampton, and no one disturbed her at all.
is just a way to ask if they’ll be friends in the future.
“Bad boss.”
“We’ll always be friends, Sharon.”
He stares at the ceiling.
“No, wait. This backfired horribly. I’m deleting any trace of them. From everything.”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, I didn’t even, I’m—”
Tony looks at him and smiles, sad and self-deprecating.
“Yeah, I want you to.”
“I can’t believe you’re hard again.”
, and then he thinks,
“Steve? It’s Nat. God, it reeks in here. Ugh.”
, but he must know Tony wasn’t just parroting Steve’s.
He keeps watching while the Knights use me.
Tony feels a mean retort make its way up his throat. Rage builds up into him, burning his esophagus like bile.
Steve puts the toy in Maria’s crib. She squeezes it, grips it tight with her tiny hand. She presses her open mouth against it, leaving a trail of saliva.
Tony tells him about her progress. She’s started making cooing sounds and has a little more control over her limbs. Also, Tony is now convinced she really learned how to smile.
“There are solutions to that, Tony, don’t tell me you haven’t already thought of them. I know it’s hard, but—”
He closes his eyes and waits for Tony to throw his anger at him, because he shouldn’t assume, and he definitely shouldn’t pressure, much less demand.
He drives in a daze, though. He’s terrified, shoots worried glances at Tony as often as he can, to check how he’s doing, but Tony’s sleeping, and this time that’s for the best.
Steve looks at them and feels like there’s no proof he exists. Like he has nothing to show for himself. Like he isn’t real, too—he’s fading away.
“Right... Hey, I got you a couple of gifts. Nothing fancy or useful, but I thought you’d like them.”
He deserves to feel the weight of his crimes forever. He deserves to witness and envy. He deserves the torment of a thousand lifetimes without Tony, the only thing that ever made any of them bearable.
“Maybe it’s just my muscle memory, you know.”
“And I’ve come to my conclusion. I’ve made my decision.”
Tony slows down and then stops. He rests one hand on Steve’s lower belly and bends over to kiss Steve. Then he rolls his hips, so slow and sweet that Steve—
laughing—”
But it only lasts a moment. When he comes down from the rush, he comes down hard.
Tony knows that abyss, he has one of his own to match Steve’s.
Everything goes quiet inside Steve’s head. There’s only him and the comfort of a repetitive gesture, of a familiar taste.
Tony’s simple clothes, that make him look younger, and somehow smaller than usual, shorter.
He sits on the couch, next to Steve.
They drive to Monteriggioni soon after, and the castle is as fascinating as Tony remembers it.
Tony looks at Steve, at the wound he caused, and for a moment he thinks that the bright red of Steve’s blood contrasts beautifully against his pale skin, his blue eyes. But Steve groans, and Tony’s senses shift, making space for the horror of this new cruelty he inflicted, to the contrast between his intentions and all his mistakes.
They head inside, and while Tony works on the cream sauce, Steve sets the table.
“Shit, Tony—”
Steve sets his jaw and looks down. “I’ll get you some ice.”
“You weren’t shy.”
That last thing makes Steve chuckle. “You think they’re just friends?”
“Well.
Steve smiles at him, still sad around the edges.
“No, Steve, hey, look at me. I’m okay.”
He turns to look out of the window, shudders.
Steve is trying to speak, but it’s hard for him right now, Tony can tell. He brushes a hand over the side of his thigh in reassurance and Steve bends his head to look at him and the second their eyes meet Steve shakes, and his dick pulses inside Tony’s mouth, and he spends himself into Tony’s throat for a second time.
“Did you two form some weird coalition against me?” Steve asks, squinting, shifting his gaze in feigned suspicion from Bucky to Tony.
“I think there’s something that didn’t make it to the books, regardless of the version. I think she kept it to herself for years, and maybe only shared it with her wife. But Laura died in 2013, and Stella is eighty years old. I think she wants to leave someone who knows this story in the world.”
Three more days pass and nothing changes.
“I become like him more and more every day. I feel myself… become him.”
say no. That this is just— too much. But Tony’s inner walls clench around him. He looks down at himself disappearing into Tony, lube and his own come slicking the way in. He looks at Tony’s lap, at his soft belly, at the blue light in his chest and the scars around it, at his gray hair that he loves so much. He takes in his skin, his scent, all his wrinkles, his pliant muscles, the hollow of his throat, the perfect shape of his nose.
“I know, don’t say anything, there’s no need. I just wanted to say it,” Steve clarifies in a calm voice that seemed impossible just a moment ago. “I just wanted you to know,” he says in the end, and the last thing Tony thinks before falling back asleep in Steve’s warm embrace, is that this is selfish in the most altruistic way, and altruistic in the most selfish way.
“I shouldn’t have hurt your friend,” Tony sighs. “That was... wrong. I’m sorry. It wasn’t his fault.”
, extremely handsome Omega, taking up the incredibly smart initiative to kiss an Alpha that grew up pre-World War II and is regarded as the ultimate moral paradigm by large parts of the Western world. Fantastic idea, Tony. Congrats.
“Steve—”
“Yes,” Tony says, and in his mind it overlaps with another
An impossible heat takes root low in Steve’s belly, surges into him, pins him in place, makes him fade away into a white light.
The words are eons-old, and saying them makes Tony feel limitless, like he can touch the edges of the universe with the tips of his fingers. He smiles against Steve’s mouth when he feels him coming inside him once again, quietly, body going stiff with it for a moment.
Tony pees and washes his hands. He takes off one t-shirt and then the other, stares at his bare chest in the stained mirror. He tastes coconut in his saliva.
Okay, he’s being a little tragic. He has a baby; he’s not dead.
Tony closes his eyes for a moment.
“Do you trust me?” Tony asks, amused, without really thinking about what the question implies.
“Just do it.”
“Fuck,” he says again.
“I don’t think he’d want, uh… But desperate times… Maybe we could get, uh…” Bucky swallows, “a sex worker. A professional, you know, to…”
“No. It really wasn’t.”
“Thank you,” he says in the end. He gets up, puts the plates in the sink. He drinks a glass of water, then another.
Then Steve kisses him back, grabs at his shoulders and his neck and his t-shirt, and Tony pushes on his feet to spin around and climb onto Steve’s lap and be kissed, kissed, and kissed some more by someone who doesn’t smell like the man, doesn’t move like the man, doesn’t talk like the man. By someone that merely, and only superficially, looks like the man.
Steve would give anything to know what Tony wants. What he wants Steve to do. How to end this, one way or the other.
“You’ll love it.”
, only without the prospect of an evolutionary leap. Reactor’s damaged and they can’t even—”
Steve gets ready for sleep, then carefully sits on the edge of the bed, on Tony’s side, closer to the French window.
He looks tired, like he hasn’t slept well in a while.
When he wakes up again, he’s naked and chained to a table, hands still cuffed above his head.
Tony stumbles into the guest house while he’s still laughing at Steve’s last joke.
“Oh...” Steve says, looking at Maria, tone quiet and full of awe. “Would you look at that.” He sounds out of breath.
“It must be. After Siberia, I closed the bond off to him,” Tony says, and he has a distinct impression that Bucky and Natasha both already knew this. He ignores it. “Guess that’s when he realized I wouldn’t take him back. And why his ruts got so bad.”
Steve sort of wants to laugh. “You must stop ignoring JARVIS when he tells you to eat or sleep. Usually those are clues to gauge how long you’ve been here.”
It’s ten years late, but Steve and Tony start building their nest.
Maybe it’s just Steve’s fear fucking with his perception of things. Maybe the healing’s fine and he’s just worried.
“Steve.”
On May 29th, 1970, after many years of failed attempts, Maria gave birth to a child, Anthony Edward Stark.
Outside, Tony leans against the wall of the chapel and looks into the distance, cursing the inescapable heat and the storm inside his mind.
He pulls Tony closer.
Tony has never felt this good. Not in ten years, not before, not ever.
“I told you I am.”
Sometimes Tony tries to understand, to wrap his head around all that evil, and he can’t do anything but try to interpret the facts through his own values, that don’t have anything in common with the ones the man upheld. So it never adds up, and he needs to learn how to remember that.
They haven’t done this in a long time.
but still,
His other bodily functions have been messed up as well, and Tony finds himself almost thankful for constipation. Digestion seems impossible.
He scrambles to his knees and groans, grits his teeth to bear the pain.
“A pen and some paper?”
“I’m very tired.”
He grabs the lube from Tony’s hand and coats his fingers, pushes in tentatively but the ring of muscles has already been worked loose, the intrusion is easier than usual.
Steve stirs in his sleep, then opens one eye to look at him. It makes Tony laugh.
“Okay, I just… I just want us to be all happy and—”
“Look at me, it’s like I’m fifty again!” He says, and Steve kisses him.
Steve loving him. Being in love with him. Tony letting go of his anger, his disappointment. Steve’s promises being kept. The Avengers, together again, taking care of the alien threat that makes Tony’s knees buckle. Tony overcoming his own guilt.
isn’t something Steve might want to hear right now.
“No, I’m... that’s not... I’m not scared.”
Steve draws to try to stop thinking about it, and tucks one of his sketches under a corner of Tony’s phone resting on the coffee table.
My baby.
And yet, Steve can feel a pull in his jaw, a snarl across his lips. There’s a claim to be made and he’s not making it, and his body is starting to react to it, badly, because he’s in pain and he’s weak and he’s tired and Tony should be his and his only, his always.
, Steve’s brain stops screaming.
“Your mother used to wear hers all the time. She had it on in almost all the pictures I’d see in magazines. I already used her real name in the book, your grandfather’s too. I was trying to make it not too easy to guess who she was.”
Tony is still breathing shallow and fast, there are tears on his cheeks. Steve takes a deep breath himself. Okay.
I feel them inside me even when they aren’t. I dream of them. I know all their faces now; I can recognize them. Even by their voices.
A song Steve knows.
“Fuck you, Steve.”
, and he covers Tony’s bruised hip with his hand, squeezes just enough to test how tender it is (very), how soon Tony hisses (pretty much immediately), if he opens his mouth around a moan after (yes), if he pushes his hip up into Steve’s hand to demand more (of course he does).
“Oh, come on…”
“I won’t leave you again unless you want me to,” Steve says, and he hopes he doesn’t imagine Tony shaking his head against his collarbone. “As long as you’ll have me, I’ll never leave you again.”
“I keep thinking—”
“Steve.”
Steve smiles a little at that. Tony considers him carefully.
All these sensations, all these inputs, pile up into Steve’s mind, and it feels as though their weight presses the play button of reality again. It’s been on pause for so long that at first Steve doesn’t understand what it is, this thing he’s feeling.
He can’t accept it. He’s spent so much time wishing it were true, trying to come to terms with the exact opposite, that now it’s just—
That’s—
“Yes. I did.”
He opens the helmet manually and looks around himself once his eyes adjust to the darkness.
“Sick with it.”
Tony rubs his chest.
He feels like vomiting, and he
Two minutes ago, Tony was sleeping. Now, he’s stuffed full with Steve’s huge and rock-hard cock, last night’s come oozing out of him, trickling down his thighs and on the sheets.
Tony is hesitant for a moment, then opens his eyes and looks at Steve.
“I don’t get the title,” Steve asks pointing at Stella’s book on the coffee table, “
It smells new.
He can’t let himself imagine anything romantic, and he’s more than sure that’s not what Steve wants either. After that one night, Steve never called, never even texted after Lagos. The first time they saw each other again was when Tony took Ross to the compound with the Sokovia Accords. And yeah, it’s not like Tony called either, but…
“Why are you at Brubaker’s right now? Isn’t it like, 5 am over there?”
She loves carrots and pears, but she’s not that convinced about apples.
Tony rubs his eyes, and looks at Steve, fast asleep, his blond hair spread over the white linen of the sheets, his thin top lip hidden by his mustache. His beard looks tidy and clean, but Tony has never seen him take care of it at all. Lucky bastard.
“If I think that he could’ve… that I could’ve…”
“Perfect.”
“It’s hurting.”
He doesn’t deserve to die.
Then, he turns to Steve and lifts his hand, the other cherry softly held between his thumb and middle finger, a gesture so graceful that it surprises Steve in its simple elegance.
“I don’t, either. But I will if you need me to.”
I do heal, but not perfectly, and not as fast as before. Broken bones keep aching, scars remain impressed into my skin as reminders, bruises take days to disappear instead of hours. But they don’t know that.
Tony nods and is silent for a long time. Then, he looks at Steve.
Just alien weapons. Basically all the Avengers have been doing after killing Thanos last year: find the alien weapons, dispose of them safely.
Steve keeps hoping to remember, eventually, the first time he got to make love to Tony after ten years, but he never does. When Tony tells him that he should stop thinking about it, Steve replies, “It doesn’t matter if it never happens. I just need to keep believing it’s possible,” and Tony smiles and takes Steve’s hand in his.
Tony scrunches up his nose. His eyes suddenly dilate, and surprise colors his expression. “Hey, you smell of… Wow, uh… Steve, is something wr—”
“What... what happened that day? Mom cried.”
Warnings: description of food made from animals / mild self-harm
It takes Tony back to reality, suddenly and abruptly, a bit unkindly, but not unpleasantly.
Tony huffs a small laugh, “Not a smart choice, with a famished super soldier in the house.”
They don’t say anything for a while.
“He... I don’t know. He listened to my apology, then told me it wasn’t really my fault but yours, so I got mad at him and he hung up on me. Then he called back and... I don’t know. It’s weird.”
“It’s too strong. Tony, he’s… he hasn’t had a rut in ten years and the one he’s having now… he’s getting the backlog all at once. I don’t think there’s anything we can do.”
So, all in all, Tony is more than a little surprised when Steve comes to the penthouse that night, drags him to the couch in front of the fireplace, and starts kissing him as if the planet was being invaded by aliens (
Rhodey draws a huge sigh of relief.
“Okay. Let’s go.”
He’s so angry that his hands shake.
“Yeah. Can always count on Hydra to be pretty fucking stupid,” Steve says around a tired laugh.
That’s when Tony speaks.
Tony’s face falls, Steve didn’t want it to sound like an accusation but his brain is slow right now and he doesn’t really know how to phrase it better. Tony sighs.
Steve takes his cock out of Tony’s mouth. He does it gently, with attention, but there’s also an urgency to it—it needs to be done as quickly as possible but without causing more damage.
Tony was brushing his teeth when Steve asked, “Will you marry me?”
And when Tony almost died to save New York, he gained Steve’s respect, maybe, but not really his friendship—they were teammates. Avengers.
A minute later, Tony steps under the spray of the shower, letting the hot water soothe his muscles and wash away the unpleasant sweat still clinging to him. He always hates the feeling of the skin sticking together at the back of his knees, in the inside of his elbows. The cleaner he is, the calmer he becomes, until he feels a strange warmth curling low in his belly, a pull at the base of his spine.
He’s about to say something. But he settles for, “Alright.”
“God, I’ve missed you,” Steve says, he just can’t keep it in, doesn’t even really want to.
Steve’s hips stutter, his whole body shakes, until he throbs inside Tony and comes again, gritting his teeth, emitting a groan that tastes like that abyss inside him, made of all his regrets, of all the years in which doing this was an impossible fantasy, the silly delusion of a lonely boy who wanted to make a home out of a person and thought that person had no inclination to satisfy him.
“If I don’t think you’re doing something reckless and self-sacrificing to protect everyone else while endangering yourself and brushing it off over the team comms with your performative braggadocio, yes.”
Steve feels himself smiling. He had forgotten what that felt like, the sides of your mouth stretching out of joy instead of pain, his face wearing now a mask of something that’s not just pure anguish.
Steve slides another finger in, and Tony bites at his skin, and Steve almost comes right then and there.
“Yeah. Yeah.”
You’re supposed to be an adult, Tony, and just,
Steve is confused, he’s so confused. Why is Riri telling him this? What does it has to do with anything, with Tony being—
Steve wakes up hard.
He lifts the sheet from his bed and lies down without covering himself. He’s wearing only a t-shirt and shorts. Summer pajamas. High-quality cotton. Dark blue.
“Okay. I’m okay, don’t worry,” he tells Tony, and prays his eyes don’t look as desperate as he feels.
“Were you… one of those sacrifices?” Steve’s voice is kind and unobtrusive.
He’s red in the face now, and he presses the heels of his hands over his eyes.
“They didn’t sign.”
Steve bats his hand away with the tip of his boot. “Don’t,” he orders, and Tony’s hands go back to Steve’s hips. There are tears at the sides of his eyes.
And honestly, Tony doesn’t look mad. He looks sad, but also like he’s about to explode.
“Because maybe I learned something from this mess, what d’you think? I’d talk to you. I’d trust you. I can’t... I could never do that to you again, Tony, I could never do it to myself either. If we ever end up in a situation like that again... I’d do it right.”
There’s so much slick, how can there be—
But Steve isn’t one to give up easily on seemingly impossible feats. They have time, after all; no need to rush things.
He feels a spike of guilt for what he said to Tony, but it’s true that his love for Tony knows no comparison.
He cups his hands into the river and washes the tears away from his face.
“I know.”
“Guess.”
Tony gets back into the car. Steve must have moved in the meantime, since he’s clutching a sketchbook with a brown leather cover and a ballpoint pen in his hand. He’s holding them like they’re the only things keeping him anchored here, keeping him from shattering into pieces.
Tony’s face is still painted with a perturbing anguish Steve wishes he was able to cure with a snap of his fingers, with a kind word, with a kiss.
“Because—” Steve starts, but Tony interrupts him.
He stuffs two fingers into his ass, three when it’s clear two aren’t doing the trick.
He must know.
Tony nods.
Tony wonders if Stella isn’t speaking from her own experience. These past few years, suddenly alone after Laura’s death… it must’ve been hard.
The door is closed so Steve rings the bell. She greets them, cheerful and sincere, and Tony hugs her tight, glad that after all he does get to see her again.
“I was gonna say Nobel prize worthy and mind-blowingly genius and utterly amazing, but that works too, yeah.”
He went quiet after coming back from getting the water, he’s retreated into some place in his head Tony doesn’t have access to.
“No, we don’t need to. But I’d like to.” There’s a long pause, T'Challa weighs his next words carefully. “During that week, we all did things we wouldn’t have done under any other circumstances. But if what Colonel Rhodes explained to me is true, we’ll need to get past our differences, learn how to truly work together, and trust each other.”
“Hello, Iron Man.”
And yet, he can’t lie. He can’t keep it to himself. Steve… he needs to know. So Tony tells him.
“Tony!”
Steve wakes up in the darkness, except for the moonlight streaming into the room from the floor-to-ceiling windows.
Tony takes Steve’s hand in his own.
Steve moves quickly, coats his fingers with lube, reaches down Tony’s body, smears lube between Tony’s cheeks and massages the puckered skin there before pushing one finger in. He looks at Tony’s face: his eyes are shut and his mouth closed tight, he’s holding his breath and has gone very stiff.
He lifts the lid, passes it to Steve. He holds it carefully.
“I’m here, hey, I’m here.”
His mind wanders back to Tony, to Stella’s book, to Maria Stark. He wonders how Tony feels about it, because no matter how little he actually knows about Tony and his mom, he’s pretty sure Tony had a different image of her in his mind, as was bound to happen.
The outside light blinds me.
“That… actually makes a lot of sense.”
A predator chasing its prey. It’s such a primordial instinct. Such a primitive thing.
Rhodey and Pepper are with him. Even Peter comes to visit him after he’s back at the compound.
“It’s nothing.”
Steve has never felt more accomplished. His plan is working.
He focuses on the pain, so the rage that’s surging up in his chest doesn’t take over his mind. They have to leave. There’s no time to kill those fucking idiots who thought they could touch Tony with their filthy hands and walk scot free. There’s no time, and Steve is in no condition to hurt anyone that isn’t himself. It will take him days to heal, even with the serum, and by the time he’ll come back he’ll have to start a hunt that will only waste his time.
Tony dresses in the bathroom, and when he comes back Steve is up, he changed into jeans but hasn’t put on a shirt yet.
Steve extends a shaky arm towards him, and there’s a split second of indecision before Tony goes to it. He kneels on the bed, walks on his knees across the mattress until he can take Steve’s hand in his own.
It’s silly, it’s impossible. It’s sentimental.
“I’m sorry,” he says, and feels like a coward, waiting for the night to swallow his words, make them less real.
Their fingers brush against each other.
Steve turns the shower off. He exits the stall, walks over to the other side of the bathroom, to the big bathtub, and starts the water, not too hot.
“It’s nice. Very warm. The country is great, you’d love it.”
Steve remembers Tony telling him, years ago, how much he liked this. The deep level of trust and intimacy something like this requires, Tony got a kick out of it. Out of being allowed to let it all go for a little while, and be nothing—not Tony Stark, not Iron Man, no one. He could just be a body. A well-loved body for someone to use and worship and draw pleasure from. For Steve.
“Already done.”
“I hurt you, though.”
. The pang of regret is eating him alive.
“You’re daring me, insisting that I can’t do it so I do it just to show you that I can.”
“I synthesize it in my lab, don’t worry. I’m not stealing it from Wakanda.”
“Come on, just admit it, just say, ‘Tony, you win this round, I’m a dumbass who makes dumbass life choices’—”
“For– For gratitude and affection. It was supposed to mean affection.”
), but at a slightly slower pace than what is normal for any other human. And Tony has been sixty for a few months already. Steve brought him a cupcake with red and gold icing.
“I’ll call you when everything’s ready, okay?”
Steve’s thrusts become quick and punishing, his thighs slapping against Tony’s ass in the most obscene way and Tony feels like crying, because this,
He touches the bond in his mind and he feels all of Steve’s anguish. He showers him with love to encourage him to talk.
“Thank you, J,” Tony says, bending over the play cot so Maria can notice him.
Steve tries to look at him, to see him.
And after that,
“I don’t even know how to tell you anymore,” Steve says, lifting his arms, helpless.
“You know,” Tony says, suddenly, “before… I used to think the world of you.”
He feels like he belongs.
“My pleasure, sir.”
I feel sorry for him. I want to mourn him, because it’s
Steve reaches out and brushes the back of his forefinger to Tony’s knuckles.
“Like a planet,” Stella repeats.
Steve looks down at his hands, the water bottles, his jeans, his boots.
Steve rests his hand on the small of Tony’s back, because he still can. Tony smiles.
He thinks he dreams it.
Still, it’s what a lot of Alphas do. But not Steve. Never Steve.
“Right, sorry. Thought it was just Cap you didn’t like.”
. There was no serum to make me strong and brave like Captain America, so he tried single-malt bourbon.
“Yes. And we love you no matter what. So much.”
He wipes the tear that escaped his self-control and is falling, traitorous, down his cheek. He closes his eyes for a few seconds and breathes.
“I… I would,” he chokes out. He kneels, folds over, and slips out of Tony.
He sounds genuinely regretful, and Tony is happy to see Steve’s jaw set in displeasure and frustration for a moment. But that makes him feel disgusted with himself. It’s a bad thought. A really bad thought.
“I can’t remember the first time,” he whispers.
His eyes are shut. He’s clenching his jaw so hard he’s stopped breathing, and he’s starting to get red in the face with it. His mouth is closed as if to keep something in. His arms are now relaxed, thrown to the back of his head, hands in loose fists.
“Mh. Not yet,” Tony says, and he walks over to the couch, crouches down in front of it, and pushes his face in the neck of one of cats. She lets him as if he was one of them. Steve comes over, pets them goodbye too.
Tony nods, and gives him a quick, lopsided smile, which is unexpected, perhaps, but not at all unwelcome.
Steve touches Tony’s arm with his fingers, beckons him to twist on the bed so they can be face to face. He stares into Tony’s eyes for a long time, and he tries to pour into it all his love, all his acceptance, but can’t quite get rid of the regret and nostalgia he feels creeping at the edge of his gaze.
“Why did you hide it like this?”
“Steve.” Tony wants him to consider this carefully. He can’t take this back.
“Alright.”
“You didn’t need to.”
“We could?”
Steve notices that Tony is awake and studying him. He averts his gaze, fixes it back to his drawing while a small blush rises to his cheeks. Then, he says, “Good morning, Tony,” in such a soft, gentle tone that Tony wishes his entire life had gone in a completely different way.
“Okay, first of all, I can’t believe you just actually used that word in a sentence.”
“No. I don’t.”
(Except Rhodey. Rhodey never left.)
“Oh, hell, Tony…” He laughs again. “If I weren’t already knotting you, I’d want to fuck you all over again.”
“Steve! I kept looking for you, but I couldn’t find you!”
As you wish.
The Relais looks lovely from the outside. It’s immersed in the hills, it seems like it used to be a farmhouse or something of the sort. There are trees, vines of ivy climbing the old walls, roses everywhere. The grass is well-cared for, a white gravel trail the only thing breaking the wide expanse of green. The view is breathtaking: fields and vineyards and olive groves and woods as far as the eye can see. Then, just the sky.
Oh god, oh god, oh god—
Steve lets out another sob, and he looks down, at Tony’s lap, then nods.
“Nope.”
“Yes. Calm down. Hey. Breathe.”
Her hair is dark, she wasn’t dyeing it yet, and it’s a far cry from her elegant chignons: here, her hair is half-wet with seawater, messy and tangled. She has no makeup on, obviously, but it seems strange to Tony for a moment: the face is clearly Mom’s, even though much younger, and for a second he wonders where’s the veil of red Dior Rouge on her lips, where’s the thin eyeliner on her eyelid.
He loves her so much. He loves them b—
“We could. I think… I think we really could.”
Of course, he doesn’t want to force Tony, or guilt-trip him into offering his body to Steve. Of course not. Steve is still himself enough for the rational part of his mind to know that. But he’s selfishly happy that he’ll be able to feel Tony in his mind while he drifts away. That’s something. More than he ever hoped for since their fight, really.
He shifts, and Tony turns around on his chair, letting his cheek rest over Steve’s stomach. Steve cups the back of his head, trailing his long fingers into Tony’s hair.
Tony hates that he wanted it.
“Yeah,” Steve says, following Tony’s gaze, “it is.”
“So that’s why you’re dumping the responsibility on me? As if I don’t have enough on my plate already! Do I look like I’m mentally adjusted to you, Steve?”
He could take another aspirin. But he knows he shouldn’t take more than one every 24 hours, and it’s definitely not been even half as long from the last one. He could look for an open pharmacy and buy ibuprofen, and screw his heart. He could probably even get his hands on some morphine, if he applies himself, but that’s a really, really bad idea.
startles Tony, and he wakes up.
But he doesn’t say it.
“Mmh?”
It’s the middle of the day, and he’s with Tony under the cherry tree. They’ve brought their blanket here, and they’re lying on it now, Tony under Steve, facing him.
Tony pushes him to lie on his side, almost on his stomach, a bent knee to prop him up from the bed. Steve follows Tony’s instructions to the letter, limbs pliant, trust in his eyes, and Tony wonders if this is just a taste of what would happen in the field if they led the team together. If Steve would entrust himself and the Avengers and the protection of the entire planet to Tony, if circumstances made it clear Tony really was the best man for the task.
“I brought him back to you,” T'Challa says, with a calm voice that Tony would probably never get tired of listening to. It exudes nobility, as cliché as that sounds.
“I’m going to take care of you now, sweetheart,” Steve whispers into Tony’s ear.
“I know. Please. It’s just a bad scar. It’s just the arc reactor.”
He dreams of Bucky and Sam and Rhodey being there, all of them whole, serene in their loss.
“Guess that’s why Mom loved the tapes you’d send her so much. She’d listen to them all the time. Maybe they made her feel close to you, since you never saw each other again.”
He opens the door. It wasn’t even locked.
Steve looks a bit perplexed, but copies everything Tony does, and shoots him a half-smile when they’re done eating, timid.
Steve doesn’t say anything. He stares at Tony for a little while, then looks at Maria, down on the changing table. She squeezes his finger with both hands.
“I’m sor—”
He just wishes circumstances were different.
Yeah, that doesn’t sound very touching.
Steve changes into running clothes in the bedroom. Tony cuddles up on the couch. He looks at Steve before he walks out of the door and feels too warm just from looking at him, with his sweatpants and sweatshirt.
“I want you to be there.”
He enters the suit, in the end. The HUD comes online and he doesn’t even need to ask the question.
He wants to hug Tony again but it’d kill him. He has to wait. He has to wait for him to be—
, and as soon as he thinks that his mind fills with images where Tony takes the man’s place, and Steve is with him on the white dinghy, the sea stacks all around them, the water clear and calm, the air still. And Tony is wearing a white speedo, like the man is, and his skin is tan and wet and tastes like sea salt and Steve knows because Tony is kissing him, Tony lowers himself on top of Steve and kisses him, water dripping on Steve’s heated skin, and it’s refreshing because Steve was so warm, too warm, and Tony, Tony’s kissing him, Tony’s tongue is cool and wet, and his skin and the sea and the sun and the salt—
He hangs up while a huge smile plays on his face. It’s great to have heard from her, to have a friend he can talk with about Tony that wasn’t too directly involved in… in all that mess.
Tony looks at the ground for a moment. “Do you miss him?”
“If anyone can, that’s you.”
Here, now.
“No, we already established you’re the immature one, please keep up—”
They talked until the first rays of sunshine started creeping into the room through the glass wall.
“Tony, you don’t have to tell me. Really. But I mean it... If you need help, I’m here. It’s just that without knowing what’s wrong... But you know best, I’m sure.”
Tony stretches out on top of him, bottoms out, and kisses him.
“How do I break you, Steve?”
What really fills Steve with horror is the big, red, angry scar that goes from Tony’s right nipple—which just doesn’t exist anymore—to his left ribs.
Tony stares at the picture.
, he really had no more excuses.
And Steve comes back.
“It makes me feel like a rich asshole. And I don’t wanna feel like a rich asshole. I wanna feel like a rich good person.”
Steve sits on the bed as though he’s scared of it. He stares at the opposite corner of the room for a very long time, breathing a little too fast. He lies down, then, slow and careful, eyes fixed on the ceiling.
Steve asks Tony if he knew about this, and he answers saying that their ticket includes a visit to the the unfinished structure that would have been the façade of the new Duomo, but never was. To get to the top of it, they have to climb up an ancient, narrow spiral staircase, and instinct tells Steve to walk behind Tony.
God. He
Someone wanted to steal Howard’s super soldier serum, and Maria, if left alive, would have been an inconvenient witness. So that someone decided to take Tony’s mom away from him. She wasn’t allowed to keep existing.
“What’s the matter?”
“Stop trying to make me look like some puritan, Tony!”
“I don’t want to hurt you again, but I—”
“Comfortable? Arm and everything?” Steve asks.
She’s awake, and she lifts her head up to look at him.
“Tony,” Bucky says. He’s been speaking so little this whole time, and even now his voice doesn’t sound all that confident. “What you decided to do ten years ago… it was within your rights. I know it’s frowned upon, and rare, especially from the Omega, but… I’ve always thought that’s bullshit. You wanna leave someone, you’re free to do so regardless of how you present.”
And yet the news is all over Twitter in a matter of hours.
“What did I do wrong, Tony?” Steve hates the way his voice sounds with every single fiber of his being.
He kneels in front of me. His forehead to mine.
“They even sold the bell. It’s kinda sad.”
“That’s a lot of stuff. Some of it, you may not like.”
“Yeah...”
“I hadn’t met Laura yet, back then. I had had a few relationships, I wasn’t… I had let Maria go. I loved her as a friend. But seeing her that day, seeing how scared she was, seeing you, how much she loved you… I asked her to leave with me, begged her. We didn’t have to get back together, I just wanted to keep her, and you, safe.”
He scratches the nape of his neck.
Tony doesn’t need to poke the bond to know that Steve feels awkward. He looks so nervous, sort of jittery. Almost as if he’s trying to make himself look smaller, which is counterintuitive at best for an Alpha.
Tony props himself up with a hand on the mattress, twists his hips and turns to look down at Steve, says, “I’m hard, Steve, I’m—”
“You’re not him. I know that. But I tried to make you into him. And it’s not working. Why is it not working?”
Tony is silent for a very long time, until Steve just wants him to say something, anything, but not leave him like this.
“Yeah. It takes guts, Tony. But if anyone can do it, it’s you. You’ve always been brave.”
“I’m sorry, Tony, listen–”
), he has found a useful article. And then another article. And then that entry on WebMD.
“You… forgive me?”
“Can I, can I, can I touch you?”
“Shhh. Concentrate, Avenger,” Steve orders, with his stern but kind voice, and punctuates his words with a sharp pressure against Tony’s perineum. He allows his massage to gradually grow firmer and firmer, while keeping an eye on Tony’s reactions, careful to remember what works and what doesn’t, what makes his dick twitch and what makes his thighs tremble.
“Yeah, yeah. Let it go.”
He rummages into his duffle to retrieve his grooming kit, and goes into the bathroom with Tony. The case is bulging with the shape of the soap he bought months ago, the box left unopened because he stopped shaving altogether. He opens it, puts the soap in its metal cup.
“Never.”
“You do?”
He adored him. It’s in his voice.
“Uh. Hi,” he says, sheepish, opening his hand in front of himself, without waving it.
“I didn’t know how to say it, back then. You seemed like you didn’t want to hear it. Then we had to save the universe, and after that... we slipped into this, uh, sort of, um, acquaintancesh—”
. You could keep going.”
“How do you mean?”
He doesn’t say anything except
“My point is. We can work together. And do... do things together. We can be… be like that.”
, the black silicone against his flushed skin, seeing it poke out of Steve’s mouth, it makes him harder than he can be on his own. And he can get hard on his own again, without much coaxing, even while Steve’s inside him from time to time, which is really amazing.
“Yeah
He never calls him
He’d dress up for the occasion, maybe even shave. He’d get them a nice present. He’d kiss Pepper’s cheek and tell her she looks beautiful. He would squeeze her tiny, elegant hand, and envy every inch of her skin, but he wouldn’t let any of that show on his face. His smile would be sincere, open. She’d thank him for coming.
Except for the Calvin Klein boxers.
Steve was already half-hard from the adrenaline of their fight, he tells himself it’s normal and it happens very often to a lot of men and it’s nothing to be ashamed about, really, but it never happens when he’s sparring with Carol or Sam or Luke, only Tony, for some reason. For some damn reason.
“It’s alright.”
That makes no sense. And at the same time, coming from Tony, it makes all the sense in the world.
Tony lifts his arms in an apologetic gesture, then drops them back to his sides in defeat.
I love him more than myself, and yet sometimes I wonder if staying here didn't hurt him more than doing him good. I had hoped I'd protect him from Howard more than I could. My only real success is that he's never seen me cry again, after the day you came visit. What a terrible irony, that all my other tears have been caused by someone Tony doesn't suspect.
Then Tony folds his notes, adjusts them over the laptop’s keyboard, and he closes the lid over them. He places the laptop on the coffee table.
He wears sunglasses, a baseball cap, old clothes that don’t even fit him anymore.
Tony opens the drawer of his bedside table. The movement makes Steve’s sketches slide one over the other. He can see just a corner of the envelope, yellowed out by time despite the blue of the paper.
Every night Steve goes up to the penthouse and finds Tony already there. They cuddle on the couch for a while, Tony wrapped up in whatever is happening on his tablet, Steve engrossed in a book or a drawing. They drink hot chocolate or tea surrounded by the warm light of the fireplace, an old blanket covering Tony’s legs and his socked feet tucked in under Steve’s thigh.
At a party, she met Howard Stark, who was twenty years older than her, but had a brilliant mind and a clever mouth, and Maria liked both. Her father wanted them to get married.
“I’ll be with you soon.”
“Yeah. I do.”
“What? No! Don’t you dare. It’s perfect like this.”
, so Tony replied,
, Tony thinks.
, Tony wants to say, but doesn’t. Instead, he says,   “I’m gonna make the Iron Man helmet in the shape of a chef hat,” and waits for understanding to blossom on Steve’s face.
Steve is trying to playing it cool, and he’s doing a decent job of it, all things considered, except he isn’t really breathing while he waits for an answer.
happen—right now, with
He doesn’t have time to be careful. He doesn’t want to be.
“I… have no idea. I thought you weren’t enjoying it, that I’m, you know… not enough for you. Which I get, I promise I’ll figure this out as soon as we get home, I—”
“Yes. I just thought you wanted to fix things so we could be friends. Only friends.”
“I can stay like this for two days,” Steve replies softly, his big hand sliding in Tony’s hair.
Uneasiness pools low in his belly, settles there like a stone. He feels alert, aware of his surroundings, but in an overwhelming way. All of a sudden, the room is too bright; the sound of the open shower coming from the bathroom is too loud.
Steve waits.
“That’s good, keep that up.”
Steve squeezes Tony’s hand just a bit harder than before.
A white, blinding pain bursts in his chest. It doesn’t come in spikes or waves, no, its intensity is constant and cruel, there’s no respite, no relief, no mercy. It’s a war without a truce.
The boy leaves a robe for me to wear. It’s beautiful. It’s silk. It sparkles.
“So maybe that—”
Tony opens his mouth just enough for Steve to catch his bottom lip between his, suck on it with the barest hint of teeth.
He brings the phone to his ear.
His stomach lurches. He can’t do it anymore. Not now, not after thinking about that.
Tony reaches for the lube on the bedside table, slides down Steve’s thighs so he can slick him up. His fingers are shaking. Steve just looks at him, wants to stop him, wants to warn him, to say,
“Loved you more than I can… more than anything. Anything.”
She recognizes objects by their names; she understand instructions; she shouts and dances when there’s music.
“That’s an awesome joke. Because it’s true.”
“Anytime.”
“What I did… in the end, it kept Bucky alive, and I’m glad for that. But thinking about it now, with my head clear, seeing how many other choices I could’ve made…  and seeing you like this, what I did to you… maybe... maybe it wasn’t worth it, Tony.”
“I love you too,” Tony says. “Here—”
Local shop that sells food and makes sandwiches.
“And you’re keeping your promise. Remember I was about to fall over? We were both being clumsy. Listen. It doesn’t even hurt, it’s not your fault.”
“I can’t do this. I can’t stay this close to you and not have you—”
“Well, I’m not,” Steve replies, and Tony realizes he said that last thing out loud. “Tony. I’m not asking you to be perfect. I just want you to be you.”
“He has a weird thing with Natasha, by the way.”
“Yes?”
“Yeah, that’s. That’s normal. Just give me a minute, ‘kay?” Steve nods, wonders if he can touch Tony or it would be too much. “Can I touch you?” he asks, because there’s no point in not doing it. Tony makes a gesture with his hand.
Tony sees what’s happening just at the right moment, at the right breath. Just in time. He thinks the right thing, moves the right way, and he fires, and the head of the man that raped him for four months and twelve days (that’s one hundred and thirty-five times, Tony thinks just now for the first time) explodes barely a second before Steve’s shield can cut it clean off the neck.
“I didn’t say that.”
God, those were some pretty awful thirty seconds right there. He doesn’t need something else to feel guilty about.
“Sorry, I—” he says, moving away from Tony’s face, but clutching him even harder.
“Yes. Carol said… So I just… But—”
“No, you don’t.”
“I never stopped loving you. Never, not even for a second. Even when you didn’t want me. I still loved you. I was still yours.”
Steve showers while Tony shuffles into the kitchen to check the oven. The turkey is in there. He texted Manuela earlier so she’d have someone bring it here already cooked. It needs to be warmed up though, so Tony turns the oven on.
Steve wanted to help him bear this duty, more than anything, but he betrayed Tony’s trust, and now he barely knows where to start to fix this mess that never would’ve happened in the first place if they only had time to sit down and talk, for real, and be kind and open, and tell each other the truth.
Tony splays his left hand on Steve’s thigh, grabs the meat there, a silent,
“You were with Pepper back then, I didn’t—”
Steve is holding his phone and charger in his hand. The phone is running out of battery. He wanted to plug it into the USB slot in the dash, but he hasn’t been able to do it so far.
Steve presses his ear against Tony’s lower abdomen, and he listens really, really hard.
“Yeah. Alright. Love you.”
He doesn’t know what to make of it. If Tony wants to set some boundaries, if there are things he doesn’t like to do then Steve is more than willing to respect his wishes, but somehow he doesn’t think that’s the problem here. He can’t help but feeling rejected, in some way he doesn’t really understand, by Tony, and at the thought a small tear slips past his control and down his cheek.
“I couldn’t… I thought we could maybe—”
They’re obviously just friends, and yet Steve envies that familiarity, the affection, the reciprocal respect and esteem—professional and personal—even despite the lack of regular contact.
Whatever it is, Tony stares back at it with no fear.
He wonders if that’s the one thing Sam, as brave as he is, can’t quite bring himself to do just yet.
“It seemed like you needed to hear it. So I said it. And it’s true.”
He moans.
. I do.
Okay, Steve severely misjudged how comfortable Tony would be with someone touching the device that keeps him alive, makes him pilot the Iron Man suit, is the source of at least 60% of his traumas.
Tony’s anger is met with a tense silence. Steve turns his head away, and Tony is almost grateful to be spared the sight of Steve’s face.
“If you want to text him—”
Tony stayed in the penthouse. He wasn’t an Avenger anymore, but he kept funding the team and upgrading their equipment. Sometimes, he was Iron Man.
He looks at Steve. He looks at Sarah, and then back at Steve.
“So?”
Steve lets the man go so he can be close to Tony, and that’s not a smart move, but they don’t see it yet—too much is going on.
“Excuse me,” he says, and heads to the bedroom, leaving Tony there, halfway through his lunch.
Steve conveys all that in a shy smile. He blushes a little, too, and being aware of that—of how easy he can be to read, of how his skin sometimes betrays him—makes him blush even more.
What the fuck did Tony do to deserve Rhodey?
“There’s art too. We’ve been to a couple of places.”
He hates the way his voice sounds, he hates how many turns of phrase he has to use to put the whole thing in the mildest tones he can think of; he hates that he can’t look at Steve right now or do anything to soothe him.
That life refuses to stay hidden, is called out of its drawer by tender touches and careful understanding. It claims its own existence, demands to be acknowledged, crashes into Steve’s room and makes the biggest mess possible, so it won’t go unnoticed again, so no one can pretend anymore. It wants to be real, so it makes itself real, despite all the precautions Steve had taken to ensure it would stay just a fantasy.
It’s nice out. It’s not too hot yet, but it will be soon. Steve sets the basket with the clothes on the grass, while Tony carries the clothespins from the laundry room. Tony passes the clothes and the pins to Steve, and he hangs them. It’s quiet and monotonous and normal and Steve could do it for the rest of his life if he got to keep Tony.
Yes, sir.
But it wasn’t Barnes’ fault. It was Steve that kept the secret.
They walk around the town while they eat, and Tony seems to be in a better mood than before, but he also kind of looks distracted, like there’s something else occupying his mind.
Tony smiles.
Tony glances at Steve. He seems to be thinking about something, but Tony’s gaze shifts his attention. He smiles at Tony.
He wakes up a couple of hours later to a text from Rhodey.
“No, he can’t,” T’Challa replies, and shows Tony a bracelet on his wrist, which is all the explanation Tony is going to get.
Tony takes a few steps closer, lifts one arm towards Steve.
They stop at a gas station, and Steve gives Tony the day’s drawing in the car. It’s made with charcoal, and Tony immediately thinks that it looks really nice. He seems to always think that of Steve’s art, it’s always pleasing to his eye.
Last, that his daughter is curled up as close to him as she can without actually touching him. Someone must have been very clear about that.
“By the way. For future reference? You tell me this kind of shit.”
He’s doing fine. They’re doing fine.
“Cool, huh? 16th century,” Tony says, “this is the source of the thermal water. There’s a subterranean aquifer here. Volcanic, in origin.”
He really sounds glad.
be on any team, so…” He scoffs. “In my defense, I was dying at the time.”
Frustration seems to shut Tony up for a while.
They have breakfast in the kitchen. Tony makes espresso with an old moka pot, fills two small cups with it. There’s a torta della nonna in the credenza, and he cuts two slices, making Steve’s bigger.
Steve lifts Tony’s hand to his mouth, places a kiss on the back of it.
And Tony is nowhere near finding out, that’s for sure.
Tony presses his lips together, takes his phone out of his pocket, taps at it with his fingers. Quick, like kids do.
Tony takes Steve’s hands in his own.
She teaches Tony how to feed Maria in a way that keeps her from swallowing too much air, and Tony feels like the worst father ever.
Steve closes his eyes and Tony feels him in his mind a moment later. He closes his eyes too.
“Oh.”
Tony takes a blanket from the closet and spreads it over the unused side of the bed. Steve waits for Tony to slide back into bed, then follows him.
The first thing that comes to his mind in order to deal with the pain, is to drink. Drink away all the hurt, physical and of any other kind, swallow as much alcohol as possible in one sitting and wait for the entire world to fade away, become a muffled memory, something Tony can observe through the thick bottom of a glass without being touched by it.
Steve takes his hand, and Tony can feel it even through the armor, somehow.
“But?”
“There!” Steve says, excited now.
Tony touches him. He feels the anticipation run over Steve’s skin, his fear that the touch will be unwelcome to Tony even though it’s Tony who is initiating it.
Tony shifts, and regrets it immediately. He grits his teeth to stifle a groan, and waits for the burn in his shoulder to ebb away.
“I know. But there’s more at play than just that. You’re not just consenting to sex. You’re consenting to repairing the bond in full. You’d be mates.”
“I never meant to hurt you,” Steve confesses in a murmur, scared of his own courage.
“Let’s shelve this talk for another time, okay?”
He can’t breathe. He just wants his mother back, he just wants to feel her soft hand caressing his cheek, her lips on his nose, the way her lipstick would leave a trace on Tony’s face every time. Her voice, singing for him at night.
Steve feels his heart beating faster than ever in his chest, and Tony’s too.
“Dunno,” Tony says, “I hope so.”
He hears Tony start the shower while he turns on the stove, and as soon as he enters the restaurant kitchen from the back door, a young girl greets him with a quick, “Captain Rogers,” and pushes a glass jar in his hand. There’s a label on it that says
Steve—he has his hands on his hips. His head is lowered. His eyes avoid Tony’s.
He washes his face with cold water, puts on the aloe cream Sam gave him for Christmas. He doesn’t need it, the serum takes care of any irritation in minutes, but it has a nice scent. It reminds him of Sam, who uses the same brand for himself.
A bird lands on the ground in front of him, searching for food. Tony observes it peck in the dirt, then take off as soon as it realizes that there’s nothing there. Its nature screams at it to keep looking and looking, and it doesn’t fight it.
“Alright. Rest now. I’ll bring it to you. It’s gonna be okay.”
“You must know…” Tony sighs. “I’m sure you know.” He says it too seriously for the meaning to be mistaken, or not immediately understood.
They never said the word. The whole point was that they would never say that word.
And then it was happening, right there against the table, on the couch.
If there’s a side he has to choose, it’s his mother’s. If there’s a thread he has to pick up to continue what others before him have done, he wants it to lead back to his mother. If there’s someone he wants to be compared to, he wants to measure up with, he wants to make proud, it’s his mother.
“No!” Tony turns to look at him, twists an arm around to brush a hand over Steve’s face. “Never.”
“I like… the beard,” Tony says around a grunt.
Then Tony sees it: there, hidden by the tuft of hair that usually falls on Steve’s forehead, just on the hairline, there are a few strands of white.
“Don’t say anything,” Tony says, and Steve kisses him again.
, he thinks.
“Some sort of lab. They have my suit. They’re trying to reverse engineer it to replicate it, but it’s like watching the apes with the monolith in
“Alright. How’s, how’s Steve?”
“I... I really don’t know what to say.” He can’t tear his eyes away from the drawing. He can’t believe someone would see him like that. That
“So. I got this email from a certain Sam Wilson. Pretty sure you know the guy. He sent me some very interesting stuff.”
For a moment, Steve thinks of the worst. Of the absolute worst thing, the one he could never live with.
“Stark men are made of iron. He used to tell me that.”
Tony squeezes her shoulder, pushes a stray lock of hair away from her face. He rests the back of his fingers against Stella’s cheek, brushes away a tear or two. His hand looks big next to her frail frame, his skin tan and rough when confronted with Stella’s, fair and wrinkled and soft.
One morning, Tony is woken up by a completely naked Steve intent on kissing his neck. He shoves Tony’s boxers down and straddles his hips.
Steve gathers his thoughts with a sigh. Tony stares at his naked feet on the carpet. The tears blur his field of vision.
Tony is running late for his meeting.
But it’s been ten years. Ten years since that last time. They didn’t do it many times, they weren’t together for long before everything went up in flames, but those few times, oh, those few times. The memory has kept him sane all along, but it won’t be enough now.
Steve exhales and presses a hand on his forehead. “Goddammit, Tony, what’s wrong with you.”
“To—Tony,” Steve says, stuttering over the word, keeping his knees close to his chest.
. It’s
He’s here.
We should be safe, yeah.
“I have a date with Maria Hill tonight.”
Steve dresses in record time, then hands Tony clean boxers and a t-shirt that Tony is pretty sure is actually Steve’s. He wears it anyway.
It smells like Mom, like home. Like red and gold sparks behind his eyes.
He takes him back to bed, then, and knots him there for two hours, and they don’t fall asleep, and Steve tells him that he loves him so many times that Tony loses count. But the words, even though worn out and overused, never lose their meaning. Each time is like the first—it’s what’s so special about those three words in particular.
Steve reaches out with his hand, circles Sarah’s waist to tickle her belly. She turns to laugh with him, and it’s the best sound in the world. He kisses her cheek.
She sounds so happy. He wants her to be this happy every day. To smell this good every day, to smell like she comes from something whole, from a bond that hasn’t been abandoned for years.
Tony’s breathing is becoming irregular and shallow again.
In bed, Tony rolls over to curl up against Steve’s chest. Steve hugs him closer, but every movement is tentative, almost scared, almost like the first days, and Tony must notice, because he grabs one of Steve’s hands and places it on his hip—the bruised one—like that’s its proper place.
Steve sits next to him on the couch, quietly, allows himself the small pleasure of watching Tony exist. He looks tiny, all huddled up like this. His mouth is slightly open. His feet are naked, and Steve almost can’t resist the urge to touch them. He rubs his fingers together to keep the need at bay.
“I didn’t think you’d want it.”
Steve feels a rush of relief spread through him. He smiles at Tony. “I used to have dreams about this, too. And about so much more. And we can make all those dreams real. Together.”
“He disguised himself and brought an LMD into the morgue. Faked the papers. No autopsy. They cremated him right away. Uh.
The first time Tony puts his fingers inside of Steve, Steve sees stars. When he gets to reciprocate, Tony’s eyes are squeezed shut and he’s gritting his teeth, he trembles and shakes for minutes after coming. Steve offers to hold him through it, but Tony doesn’t really want to be touched.
“I had fun the other night,” he says then, quietly, tone neutral, and maybe just to fill the silence that Tony was ignoring for the sake of his meaningless introspection. Steve smiles, but Tony can see it tastes regretful, even bitter. “Now you seem to be slipping away from me. If I did something that offended you or—”
Manuela has to get back to work, but he remembers to tell her that they will have dinner at the restaurant tonight. She knows who Steve is but doesn’t comment on it, and Tony is silently grateful for it.
When Steve’s stomach is full and the plate empty, they go back to bed, but sleep seems to have left them both. He hears Tony toss and turn in bed and sigh impatiently, annoyed. Steve tries to stay as still as possible in his sleeping bag to avoid disturbing Tony even more than he already has, tonight.
They get older and happier while time passes. They settle into each other, become comfortable with who they are, alone and together.
“What’s bothering you? Hey. Talk to me?” Tony whispers, swallowing, and feeling it against Steve’s hand; Steve closes his eyes and gulps the air in, but it gets stuck in his throat every time.
“Thanks.”
“Wasn’t a priority. I told you, I’m happy with what I saw. And, you know… maybe next time.”
He’s taken so much from him already.
Steve will be angry about this. Eventually, he knows he will. He’ll look back on all the pain and loss he had to endure for the resistance and for Tony and the betrayal and the lying will wrap around his soul and make him blindingly angry.
“Thank you,” Steve says, so he doesn’t cry.
Tony takes off his mother’s necklace and places it inside the drawer of his bedside table, on top of Steve’s sketches. Steve opens the bathroom door in that moment, and steps into the bedroom like a rom-com cliché, with a too-small towel wrapped way too low around his hips, skin still flushed from the hot shower, muscles glistening with drops of water.
He looks like a lion, like this. The beard, the long hair, the way Steve’s curling up around Sarah to protect her…
“I… Can you… I need...”
I look at the gauze. I look at the little square of sky that was provided to me.
“Maybe next time,” Tony says.
Slowly, Tony regains control over his own breathing, his chest stops hurting, the pounding in his head eases up.
“Steve?”
Tony lucked out; she’s such an easy kid. She sleeps through most of the night already, eats at regular times,  holds herself up a little better.
“Nhhmmm?” Steve grumbles, and Tony suddenly wants to say,
She enters the room but doesn’t shut the door behind herself. She leaves it ajar, just a bit. Steve frowns at that, because it doesn’t seem like Riri. She’s always so private, especially with her relationship with Steve, especially since Tony died. He can’t imagine her being okay with someone passing through the corridor and hearing whatever she has to say to him.
He sits on the couch, and loses himself in his work for a while, like he told himself he’d do. He replies to Peter’s daily text, wonders when he should start annoying Rhodey for updates on Bucky.
for Tony, only for everyone else.
Thinking.
“Look who’s talking.”
“Prendiamo la camera,”
don’t make me worry. Get better. I need you to get better.”
America. It takes the shade of a greenish yellow in his mind. A dull light gray.
Moving as fast as he can, Tony twists on the bed, tears the blanket away from Steve, and straddles his lap.
Breakfast in bed after the second time they had sex—the first time in an actual bed—and Tony mocking Steve’s boxer briefs, good-naturedly and lazy, the soft light of dawn shining in his tired but happy eyes, the bond fresh and brilliant in their minds. Steve’s teeth sinking into Tony’s skin. Spending the night talking on the workshop couch and the day sleeping in Steve’s room. Bathing together in the tub, Tony’s belly swollen with Sarah or someone else that Steve can’t wait to meet. Their first kiss and their last kiss. The night they made Sarah. The night they made their second child, and the third, and the fourth and, and, and. Going through a rut with Tony, and helping Tony through his heats. Going on a vacation, Sarah and her siblings swimming in a lake and playing catch at the edge of the woods. Training Tony in hand-to-hand combat in the gym, at night, the compound silent all around them, and ending up mixing blows and kisses. Going out on a double date with Bucky and Natasha. Being Avengers together. Licking Tony’s slick right from the source and leaving the worst beard burn on the inside of his thighs; listening to Tony complain about it for days. Taking the jet and ending up on some deserted beach God knows where, Tony riding him in such a wild way that they don’t even care about sand getting in the most uncomfortable places. Knotting Tony’s mouth and kissing him right after, even though he says that he’s gross (he isn’t) and you don’t need to do it (you do). Not having to hide an old t-shirt of Tony’s in a drawer because he can have Tony whenever he wants. Not having to keep a broken grandfather clock in his room so he doesn’t lose his mind. Kissing Tony, fucking Tony, marrying Tony. Drawing Tony. Being able to show Tony the drawings without him getting angry, or sad, or mad, or all of the above.
Steve wakes up half an hour later on that same couch, with Tony sitting in his lap and kissing his neck. He must have showered in the workshop bathroom, his hair is damp. He is wearing a tank top and— nothing else.
They are just—the worst.
“I thought you only wanted to… have fun with me. I don’t know.”
He turns to look over at Tony, still deeply asleep, his breathing even and peaceful.
“Where’s—” He tries to get up but fails.
“Okay, I’m sure they’re somewhere in here,” Stella says while carrying a big box that she drops heavily on the table. Steve sits back on his chair.
“Are you trying to prove we can’t co-lead the team right now? Acting like this?” Steve says, making an effort to speak as quietly as possible, almost whispering, so Tony doesn’t feel antagonized by the words, so they don’t start screaming at each other, so things don’t go to shit in one minute.
He turns his head then, Steve moving to accommodate him. Steve’s lips are stained with Tony’s blood.
Where is Steve? Why did they separate? Why did they come here?
Tony kisses him back, and he whimpers, and he curls into Steve a bit when his knees seems to give up on him, but Steve is there to catch him before he can fall and when Tony rests his head against Steve’s shoulder and closes his eyes again, Steve knows that Tony knows, right then and there, that none of this was meant to punish him.
Steve kisses him.
They reach some form of equilibrium.
“I want you to be yourself.”
“And it’s not just that, you know. Like, what’s the deal with your shoes? Why are they size 7? And your hands? And I feel like you weren’t this short before, even accounting for the lifts. You can’t reach the top shelf in the kitchen, even though it’s custom made, and I feel kinda stupid that I’m putting all these pieces together only now, and… What…”
“I’m trying, I’m—”
“You do that, honey bear. Bye.”
“I’d like to hear an opinion,” Tony says after a while, keeping his tone light to encourage a response.
Well, there were a few other reasons. Minor ones.
“So?” Tony asks, “How is he?”
He’s scared, maybe.
. They would have had more time. They could have had so much more. He could have given Steve so much more. Instead, Steve is now stuck with him and his ancient excuse of a body.
It sucks, though.
He’d be happy for them. He would be really, truly, genuinely happy for them.
“Why?”
“I don’t know—”
Steve is home.
Blind fury, anger, fear. They boil in his veins and his stomach gurgles with nausea.
Tony clenches around Steve’s fingers and groans, and Steve is kicked into action. Feeling empty right after coming is what triggered Tony’s bad thoughts before, and Steve isn’t about to let that happen again. He crawls up Tony’s body and pushes into him, sure of himself, reveling in the contented sigh of relief Tony lets out, in the placid satiation emitted by his side of the bond.
And he slumps over and cries into the crook of Steve’s neck, his eyes squeezed shut in an effort not to black out because of how absolutely
Everything is very still for a bit.
The smirk turns into a laugh. A spark appears behind Tony’s eyes. He places the wrench on the table and gets up from his workbench to walk towards Steve. Slowly. One step at a time. “Wrong again,” he says.
“Yeah. Yeah, don’t worry. We’re gonna get through this together, just… just don’t slip away from me.”
Tony. Not angry, but a bit shocked.
“I’ve done it exactly once and to you, so you should tell me.”
“Let me help you. Please.”
Tony dreams.
“Hey, are you... Steve, are you okay?”
Steve waits for the worst of the awkwardness to pass. “Sam, uh… he gave me a chess set for my birthday. I was wondering if you wanted, uh… we, we could—”
But it’s okay. It happens. It’ll come back when he feels better.
And Steve—Steve helps too. Just by being there.
He wants to ask,
“Do you want to—”
“Okay,” Steve says, with his deepest and kindest Alpha voice. “We’re okay.” He sends all the love he can muster across the bond, and he sees Tony relax. He reaches past Sarah to hug him too, and they stay like that for a few minutes, basking in their new scent of family, until all the emotions quiet down, and Sarah even smiles.
Silence. Steve comes again.
He takes her in his arms and Tony sees Steve smile for the first time in a very long while.
“Yeah, I was, I was thinking that I could store it inside me, like, in my bones, you know? So I would always have it with me, but... There is a way and I’m reasonably sure that I can do it but, uh... it kinda creeped Rhodey out... I don’t know.”
“Ciao, Iron Man!”
“Then why did you—”
“It’ll make it more fun for them.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, circling Steve’s wrist with his hand, and he’s still smiling, he can’t stop smiling and Steve can’t either, he never wants to stop smiling, never wants Tony to stop smiling.
Maybe. Maybe there’s a cure for heartbreak, after all.
His grip isn’t tighter than usual, but he strokes Tony’s throat up and down, and Tony swallows against the constriction, lifts his head to expose more of himself to Steve’s touch.
“I’d never—”
“You really do, though, Tony. People always talk about your ego, but they don’t know you. They don’t know anything about you.”
“Yeah.”
“Sir, I apologize for the interruption. There seem to be a problem in your workshop.”
“I don’t deserve this.”
, on the other hand…”
It takes a while, and Tony’s erection comes and goes a couple of times. But in the end, Tony wins this strange battle against Steve’s muscles: he finds himself on top of Steve, carefully pushing into him while Steve lies on his back, stares at the ceiling, and possibly puts dents in the headboard with the way he’s clutching at it.
“I’m sorry. Why on earth you’d let me do this, after—”
The mattress squeaks under Tony with every thrust of the hips of the man on top of him. The rhythm is hypnotic and Tony focuses on that.
Tony tries to open his eyes, run away from it, but he can’t; his eyes are sewn shut. He’s forced to witness it all, to feel it through until the end.
Steve lifts a hand to Tony’s face to cup his cheek, but then thinks better of it. He smiles and waits for Tony to do the same.
“Nice excuse,” Tony retorts around an awful smile.
The next time Steve sees Tony it’s almost four days later, and Tony has apparently spent all that time in his workshop. He emerges one morning when Steve has just got back from his run and the kitchen is still deserted, except for a sad and sweaty super soldier who’s trying to beat some world record for how much water he can drink in one sitting. This is how Steve thinks of himself now. Mostly the sad part.
“Yes, but the last time I checked that’s not how fathers are supposed to act.”
Steve is holding him, clutching him to his chest, chanting into his ear
Steve doesn’t get it. Maybe it’s the summer, the general lack of air conditioning. Or rather, Steve hopes so. He hopes that whatever it is it has nothing to do with the way Tony’s arm shakes and his chest hurts every time he gets angry.
He has a pencil case next to his thigh, full of pens, pastels, charcoals, of all colors and kinds. There’s an eraser and a pencil sharpener too. All practical stuff that can be used while traveling, but that would still allow Steve some variety in his art.
They take turns. They fight for it, like animals.
He follows Tony’s directions. They park the car outside an agriturismo.
He takes the cherries from Steve’s palm.
“So I thought about it, while you were sitting all quiet in the passenger seat. I thought and thought and thought about it.
“You don’t have to talk to him if you don’t want to.”
It’s Tony, of course. He’s naked, but the drawing stops right below the jut of his hips, barely shows the initial tuft of his pubic hair. There’s a serious and resolute expression on his face, a tear on his cheek. His hair is long, but combed back, and his goatee is precisely trimmed. Tony holds his own heart in his hand, blood trickling down his forearm and dripping to the ground. His fingers dig into the heart with the effort of offering it up to someone outside the picture. In his chest, there’s a hole. It’s round, and dark with the shadows he hides inside himself. There’s a hole. It’s empty, because he has nothing left to fill it with.
. You can’t give up after the first obstacle. Where’s the guy who lied on his enlistment form five times so he could go punch Nazis? I want that guy.”
Steve looks at him.
You can’t lose hope when it comes to how much you love your family and the things that love can make you do.
“And you are for me,” Steve says, more serious, stepping in front of Tony, taking his shoulders between his hands. “You are for me.”
, Steve’s brain is just useless. Tony’s hands aren’t small but his fingers can barely circle around his own dick and Steve’s, and
They use electricity on him. Everywhere.
It feels so good. Steve’s mind is flooded with Tony’s admiration for him, by the sense of security Tony feels thanks to Steve, a sensation that Tony passes back to him in a loop. There’s love, there’s respect. There’s pleasure.
Steve wakes up the next morning to the familiar sound of his daughter’s voice. She’s turned away from him, facing Tony on the other side of the bed.
“How?”
Steve catches Tony’s wrist in his hand and guides it to his own waist in a forced embrace Tony is only half-resisting. He just says, “Careful,” so Steve doesn’t get Tony’s blood on his t-shirt. Steve brushes his palm up along Tony’s neck and kisses him.
Steve sits back down in his chair. Tony looks at him for a long moment.
“Yeah. Yeah.”
“Tony?”
He’s still clutching his dick. He’s not usually shy about his body, and Nat has seen him like this before, but he still feels mortified that he’s putting his friend through this.
He has a beard. His hair is longer, like when he first got out of the ice, but now it’s combed towards the back. He’s wearing a black t-shirt and a black hoodie, black jeans, black boots. He has a black duffle bag to match Tony’s.
“It’s just that a yellow rose, you know, it’s not necessarily for
Steve looks back at him, intense and suddenly scared, because the carefully constructed wall that’s been separating them so far is crumbling down, and Steve doesn’t know what’s beyond it, and his bravery fails him right now, when he’s about to find out.
The first word he says after months of silence is Steve’s name. It’s Steve who breaks him out of his imprisonment, so it seems well-mannered to greet him in some way.
“I’m sure,” Tony says, wiggling his butt in the air. “I’m just a jerk. I’m sorry. Now knot me. Come on.”
Tony wakes up in the middle of the night, suddenly and totally.
Tony kisses Steve’s hand again. He feels like
“What.”
—walk away, out of the Piazza. He watches Tony sit back on the ground, wait for Steve to come back with the water.
“It wasn’t your fault. Besides, now we’re even.”
The knot is swelling. Steve is about to come. No bite.
Like this, looking into himself, inside himself, it’s easier to
“Well. Yeah. Took me a while, but I found a way. Figured it couldn’t hurt, for him to have a friend there. Since you couldn’t be.”
“How do I feel about Steve?” Tony had asked.
“Fuck you, Steve, shut the fuck—I’m not gonna steal him from you! I’m bonded! Look!” He grabs the collar of his henley to show him Natasha’s bite. It’s higher than usual, almost on the curve of his neck, to avoid the scar where the metal arm is connected to his body. But while Tony notices, Steve seems to barely look at him, and he growls again to keep Bucky away. “I’m married! I’m just trying to… Have you lost your fucking mind!”
“Uh-oh, Captain America disapproves of us, Stella.”
Tony gets out of the car, and Steve follows, silently.
Steve is staring at the hood of the car. A frown forms on his forehead.
“I know,” Steve says while he comes and his knot swells, locking his semen inside Tony. He kisses Tony again and then hides his face into Tony’s neck, breathing in his Omega pheromones as if he could live off of those alone. “I know.”
“You were very upset.”
“Sir is currently located in the workshop. He has been there since 10:23 p.m. last night.”
And there’s something else too, a tender grin on Steve’s face, as if he’s finally remembering something he had forgotten a long time ago.
Steve leans in.
“Indeed. It’s been left unattended since the arrival of Miss Maria.”
“Excuse me?” Tony asks, offended.
They walk for maybe five minutes, but it seems like they’ve been dropped into a parallel universe. The trees are so thick that it feels impossible they could ever thin out and leave space to other things, and the ground is still wet from the rain. The birds chirp loudly, perched on the branches, industriously at work for survival.
FRIDAY injects him with something. He tries to pinpoint what, but he can’t right now.
, and Steve does. He starts slow, letting Tony get used to it, pulls almost all the way out and then pushes back in, over and over again, with heavily controlled movements. The air catches in Tony’s chest, he gasps a few times, Steve keeps looking at him because he loves him, because he wants to make sure all Tony’s reactions come from pleasure and not pain or discomfort. Tony seems to not care either way, like he would take anything right now as long as it comes from Steve, and this level of trust scares Steve for a moment, makes him feel unworthy and unfit, undeserving, like it’s inevitable that he’s going to screw this up eventually and betray it, betray
His hand, so big and warm and soft, caressing the circular scar on Tony’s chest—the sensation of being touched there by someone else, unfamiliar—Steve’s other hand clutching Tony’s hip, hard, leaving bruises that would last for weeks, purple with a dull, heavy ache.
“I hope it doesn’t, but we could think of something else. If we don’t lie to each other and assume the worst—”
“Oh. Oh, that’s impressive. They’re... they’re very good.”
Oh. Right.
His hands are shaking while he holds the base of his cock and pushes into Tony.
Steve breaks the kiss, stands up, undresses in under a minute like the perfect soldier he is, always quick and efficient when necessary. Tony just stares at him. Now he can.
“The suit has its own arc reactor. The one in my chest just makes sure my heart does its job—can function as backup, though, in an emergency. That’s better, you know. Safer.”
, he wants to ask; he wants to beg Steve to never leave him alone again, just like Steve did earlier to him.
Tony breaks the kiss and his mouth stays open in a silent shout of pleasure. He turns his head away then, lowering it on his chest.
“M—more,” Tony whispers, and Steve doesn’t know what to do except reach down with his hand and slide his forefinger into him right next to his own cock.
Steve carries him to the bathroom, passes a wet towel down between Tony’s cheeks. Then he fills the tub with hot water, helps Tony in and settles behind his back.
“If things would’ve been different if you’d told me?”
, and it was. It made me so happy—seeing you, having you there, and we could... I thought we could talk. That we’d solve... but then…”
Tony walks away from Steve to talk in private. He sees him laugh a few times, explain something that looks complicated from the way he’s gesticulating. He comes back to sit next to Steve while he says, “Alright, kid. Be careful out there.”
getting sued.
Steve is sitting on a bench. He looks at the people passing on the sidewalk. Tony comes out of an
“And afterwards? Everything okay?”
“Bit too late for that, sunshine.”
He lifts his head to look at Tony, his eyes widening—he’s surprised by the sudden proximity.
I open my mouth willingly. I spread my legs before they force them open.
“Now that I know, I can hear the reactor. How could I not… How did you hide it, Tony? With the undershirts? I think I saw one once.”
“Did we?”
Tony keeps his voice low. “I saw you die.”
Tony thinks about Steve, his little joke about being arrested for the cherries, his sad but hopeful smile, his kind eyes, his offers to help. He thinks about what he, himself, wants from this. Spend time with Steve, see if together they can stumble back into some form of friendship that won’t end in tragedy again.
“How do you mean? Why?”
“I know how hard this is. Or maybe I don’t, but… Perhaps pretend I’m… not your mom, but maybe… We haven’t known each other long, I know, but—”
“Okay, Tony.”
Steve lies back down too. “No need to be.” A pause. “You have a lot of bad dreams.”
Tony opens the French window. He stands outside, on the terrace, the rain breaking its fall over the balustrade and spattering onto his bare feet.
He turns his head and sees that Tony is still asleep, lying on his stomach on the bed.
“I can’t have this discussion right now.”
“Guess that someone is gonna be you.”
Tony nods. Steve holds Maria up while Tony is leaving, pitches his voice a bit higher—half talking to her, half pretending to voice her thoughts. “Say bye to Dad, Maria. Bye, Dad. Love you.”
“Since the serum, stretching myself out is harder. It takes so long... I’m sure you noticed.”
There’s a huge bookcase at the back of the room, and a piano next to it. Tony’s eyes linger on it, then he lowers his head back to the cat, who touches her nose to his.
“Do you want to get up? Let’s get you to bed, okay? You can rest here, I won’t leave you,” Steve smiles, but Tony is still not looking at him, he keeps his head down like he’s ashamed. Steve guides him towards the bed, still without touching, waits for Tony to crawl under the covers, then walks to the other end of the room and puts on some clothes, drags a chair to the side of the bed. Suddenly, Tony speaks.
It must be phrased perfectly, or his tone must be desperate enough, because Tony stops in his tracks with his shirt in his hands. It’s not an order though, that’s for sure—Steve is all but begging at this point.
He’s gonna be alright. He’s going to die, and then there’ll be no more pain.
“Say it. Say it.”
Steve dips his head to his chest, his shoulders shaking with laughter. He can feel Tony’s eyes on him, gauging his reactions.
“Okay?
“All the other kids… they smell okay.”
There’s a long silence. Tony can feel Steve’s eyes on him, like a laser tearing at his flesh. He swallows and carefully places the picture of his mother on the table. There’s another one next to it, of Stella and Maria sitting on the piano stool together.
Tony breaks their close-mouthed kiss and pushes himself back up. He resumes rocking his hips against Steve’s and his scent is everywhere.
Tony hasn’t seen him yet. Steve doesn’t want to startle him, so he waits by the door without saying anything. His dick doesn’t particularly agree with this plan, but Steve is going to make it behave.
Why is Steve telling him…?
Steve blushed. Tony smirked.
Steve looks down at Maria again. He lifts a hand to cover his chest, the movement hesitant and abrupt at the same time.
He takes Tony’s hand in his own. “Hey,” he says, soft, “how’s it going?”
Steve pushes the back of his head against the wall and guides his gaze up to meet Tony’s.
Tony closes his eyes, and Steve takes over his mind. Blue eyes, strong arms, the low rumble of his voice. Was it that deep even when he was sick and skinny?
“Come on. Let’s get some sleep.”
Sometimes, one of us disappears. A guard comes, takes a prisoner away after a brief talk.
“She said she had been unhappy. You were very upset about that.”
“I don’t know what—”
Tony pulls over and gets out of the car. He rubs at his chest with the palm of his hand. He takes off his sunglasses, pinches the bridge of his nose.
The scent of
“You’re not, you’re... I swear, Steve, I didn’t feel threatened in any way. It just caught me off guard.”
His eyes go wide, but he doesn’t ask. He sits close to me and reads out loud a book he stole from the castle’s library.
“Jesus… Jesus Christ,” Tony says, wincing.
Steve smells wrong.
Tony exhales one more time, staring at the unfamiliar ceiling. His hot breath is visible in the cold air.
Pain vanishes. Every discomfort disappears in a quick but natural way, abrupt and smooth all at once, the way the night melts away into the light of day. It lasts only for a few seconds—a few, beautiful, perfect seconds in which everything is just
“I didn’t know the serum could do nothing against receding hairlines,” Tony deadpans, and the words have so little venom in them that Steve actually laughs.
“The, uhm, the erection.”
“You know, Peter told me once, that when you can do the things we can do, but you choose not to do them—if something bad happens, it’s on you. Power is useless without responsibility.”
“I’m sorry.”
He’s standing in a shallow pool of water. His feet aren’t wet though—he’s wearing his armor.
“Your shoulder’s bruised,” he says, without even trying to mask the guilt in his voice.
“I don’t know. What’s going to happen… We still know so little about it, we don’t even really know what we’re up against. But if we’re not even together, then we don’t stand a chance for sure.”
“Yeah, just, just a weird dream,” Steve says around a forced smile.
No more not defining whatever was between them. No more avoiding words.
“Sorry.”
He can feel the serum finally kicking in in his brain, helping him process this thing faster than regular people do. He lets it, because God knows he needs all the help he can get on this one.
Well, he wants to.
Steve finds a movie he wants to watch, and Tony fiddles with the remote to change the language for him, but he doesn’t really pay attention himself besides noticing that it’s
The crowd is too big.
“Have you tried, you know. Dating—”
“Of course,” Tony says, quickly tapping at his phone. “So, we’re going to visit Stella tomorrow. Is it still okay if we leave in the afternoon?” Tony asks, sipping his coffee.
“Here,” Tony says when they’ve reached a big tree with a little stone wall close by, white roses climbing all over it. They sit on it, in the shade provided by the foliage. Steve maintains a safe distance from Tony, looks at him while he wipes sweat from his hairline.
He never had to deal with the long-term physical consequences of what the man did to him, but there are others, less obvious ones. He doesn’t like to be naked for long stretches of time—he showers in record time and gets dressed while his skin is still damp. Sometimes he wishes he didn’t have a body at all. Sometimes he thinks that his body is just a sack full of vomit and the man’s come, and he should try to throw it all up. He should cut his stomach open and let it all bleed out until he feels clean and empty. Tony thinks these things, and then he comes back to his senses and tries to go on with his day.
“Thank you,” Steve tries to joke, but his voice is strained and rough and very, very deep.
Natasha is thoughtful for a moment. “Tony, Steve hasn’t had a rut in a very long time,” she says, in a very kind voice.
“You’re not hard anymore.”
“What is it?”
Tony’s nostrils are full of the wooden scent of the lotion; he can’t smell the roses at all, but he knows Steve is here with him, sitting just behind him on the edge of the bed, touching him.
“We can’t stay long,” Steve is telling Stella, “We have a fundraiser for my charity next week in New York.”
He leaves, and I suddenly notice that my arms and legs were free the whole time.
He opens his eyes and sees Tony riding up against his barely-there knot the last few times, until slipping past the swell becomes too painful and he has to stop. His breathing is harsh and shallow, his dick hard and neglected.
“Yes! Yes, I promise, never again, Tony, I swear—”
“He’s alone?”
“I love you. Steve. You did great. This is amazing. Hey. Look at me. This is incredible, you’re incredible. You’ve been perfect.”
He got Tony on board with this idea—for his health, of course—but Steve would be lying if he said he wasn’t having the time of his life. Having Tony pressed to his chest most nights, or curled up between his arms, or resting his head against Steve’s ribs is everything he wanted in life, and more.
He hooks his thumbs into the waistband of Tony’s boxers, brings them down while he crouches in front of Tony, urges him to step out of his underwear. He can’t resist placing a kiss on Tony’s thigh. Just above the knee.
“I know why every time I take a step towards you, you take a step back. Like just now.”
“You got a
Steve thinks about his mother, her sad smile, her steadfast dignity. He thinks about Bucky’s hand killing Tony’s mother. He thinks about his own hand on Tony’s throat, and the bruise on his hip. About the cold. About his shield cutting Tony’s flesh, about being filled only with rage and fear.
“Steve, hey.”
“I don’t know what happened. It… it scared me,” Steve says. It felt just as bad to him as it did to Tony.
“Or— we could.”
Tony stops at a gas station, fills up the tank. Steve stays in the car, still as his own statue in Brooklyn.
“Oh, bambino mio,”
“Hey, kid,” he says, “no homework?” Sarah usually goes straight to her room after school.
“Steve, I... I wanna go home.”
He blushes, and then leaves.
Steve manages to snatch a tourist information booklet in English and reads about the towers. There were seventy-two of them in the 12th and 13th century, but now only sixteen have survived the passing of time, and they earned the city the nickname of Manhattan of the Middle Ages, which makes Steve laugh more than he probably should. Apparently, building towers was a way for the most powerful families to show how rich and influential they were. It got so out of hand that a law was made to prohibit private citizens from building towers that were taller than the Torre Rognosa, so they started building two or three at once, to prove they could afford it.
There’s a deep frown on Steve’s forehead for a few seconds, then it’s smoothed out by dreadful understanding. His eyes widen.
Steve whispers. “I don’t know, this is just... overwhelming, and I, I don’t, it’s so… it’s so strange to think that I can touch you like this, and, and kiss you, and…”
Stop himself.
The muscles in Steve’s shoulders relax. Tony hasn’t attacked him, isn’t screaming at him. His jaw is set, he’s obviously angry and displeased, but he’s in control.
“I fucking love you, Steve Rogers.”
“Where’re we going?”
“No, Tony, please, it was my fault—”
I know how they like to fuck. I can tell them apart.
“Of course.”
“Steve, hey, it’s alright, it’s—”
Something inside Tony cedes for a moment.
Tony frowns. “What?”
“Nah.”
Steve drags Tony onto his lap, but facing the other way from him. He guides Tony to sit on his cock and frames his hips with his hands while Tony rides him.
Afterwards, Steve sits up against the headboard, taking out his sketchbook. Tony looks up at him, just for the pleasure of observing him do things. The way he holds his pencil, the way his eyes seem unfocused while he visualizes his drawing in his mind, the way he sets his jaw while he concentrates, the way the muscles of his arm and his chest ripple while he moves—his skin is fair and perfect, he looks like a Greek god, naked except for his white Calvin Klein boxers which for sure weren’t a thing back in ancient Greece but…
Suddenly, Steve is here, again, but not to help, no, Steve’s on top of him again and he’s grunting and hurting him with everything he has, with all his hate for Tony, with all his love for someone else, and he’s gonna kill Tony, he’s gonna kill him, Tony is gonna die and Tony needs to do something, he can do something, because the suit... the suit is
The final straw is probably this: Steve schedules a meeting with Tony at his office at Stark Industries. Very important, very private, very urgent Avengers meeting. Steve should feel bad for lying, for taking Tony away from his business, from his work, from what pays to keep the whole team up and running.
Silence stretches between them for a while. Tony looks immersed in thought, and Steve lets him be. Then he turns, and looks at Steve to get his attention.
“Have I really gained no ground at all, all this time?” he asks, and he’s not entirely sure he meant for Tony to hear.
“You’re a superhero, you can save yourself,” he says looking at Tony with a little smirk. Then, “Is it raining?”
“I can’t, I don’t want to, I can’t… I’m not supposed to—”
“Again, please,” Steve chokes on the words, begging for something Tony has no intention of denying him, ever.
“Tony.”
“How boring?”
—also colorless, incredulous, the pain too sharp to keep hidden.
“Goodbye, Tony.”
“Fair enough. But you’re not a sleazebag.”
His tablet vibrates,
The house is completely silent. Stella is still asleep.
He imagines Steve press his other hand against Tony’s mouth, push two fingers past his lips. He’d let him. Tony would feel their weight on his tongue, their taste, the scent of Steve’s skin.
He entertains the idea that maybe Steve doesn’t really want him, that there’s been some kind of misunderstanding. But it can’t be—he recognizes all the signs. They did this dance once already; Tony knows what the twinkle in Steve’s eyes means, what’s hidden in the softness of his smile. He knows how Steve looks when he thinks about kissing him.
“You don’t, I’m telling you—”
“I should have!”
“What time is it? We have to go downstairs.”
They stay like that for a while, with no rush, Steve working Tony open with clever and deliberate flicks of his wrist. Tony’s inner walls feel hot and tender against Steve’s fingertips, and when he finds Tony’s prostate he rubs at it very gently, just once, and Tony jerks in his arms, his whole body shudders and Steve holds him through it all, true to his promise. When Tony seems to relax again, Steve goes back to the knot of muscle deep inside him, and the more Steve touches it, the more Tony gets used to the sensation, handles it better, with deep groans leaving his chest to die into Steve’s mouth, against his skin.
“And she said she’d tell you?”
out of this relationship.
Tony feels his eyes water and his heart skip a beat. He shakes his head between Steve’s hands.
As if that could make Steve deserve it.
The skin, there, is like Steve’s skin is all over the rest of his body: smooth and fair, it doesn’t darken at all along the rim, and the hair is fine and blonde, the opposite of Tony’s, dark and coarse.
“Everyone would read it; you’re Captain America. And seriously, that’s your issue here?”
He did.
He can’t react. The only thing he can do is watch the man’s face, red with effort and contorted with fury, and think that he’ll never be free of him.
“So,” he says, “tell me about the church. What’s the deal with the roof? Or lack thereof?”
“I know. Hey.” Steve lowers his head to catch Tony’s gaze with his own. He uses his softest voice, his nicest smile. He takes the first step, because Tony can’t. “Hey. We’ve got time.”
“So if you want to, I don’t know, think about him, or send him some, uh, good thoughts, or even a, a prayer, I guess… I don’t know. I don’t know what, but if you want, that could be—”
And now.
Steve takes the car keys from Tony’s pocket and helps him in the passenger seat, fastens his seatbelt.
Tony blinks away the tears, while he nods and stares at his shoes. Stella hugs him tight, kisses his cheek so many times, and whispers in his ear “Ti voglio tanto bene, piccino mio.”
“Sketchbook. In my room.”
After they clean up, Steve lies next to him in silence for a short while, before turning off the light to sleep.
. Steve can’t even look at him. “I can’t stop thinking about you,” he whispers, staring at the floor.
I feel my blood freeze over inside my veins.
He’s fed me for months. He’s washed bodily fluids from my skin and my hair without so much as a flinch. He must have mopped up gallons of blood—my blood—from the floors.
He distracts himself with his tablet, replies to Pepper’s email from a couple of hours ago when the Tokyo Stock Exchange closed. He posts a few tweets to make everyone believe he’s vacationing in Polynesia, adds the pictures Happy sent him from there. He wants to text Peter, ask if Karen took care of the issue with the binder in the suit, but he’s probably (hopefully) asleep right now. He’ll do it later.
Steve laughs. “That’s not the right number either. And the only thing that got ruined so far is my shirt.”
, and for a moment he wonders if he’s not actually part of an entirely different species because honestly,
“Shoot.”
She’s happy, and when she’s happy Tony’s happy. He doesn’t want anything more.
, he’s so hard. Tony would find it in himself to be envious if he wasn’t so rapt with how beautiful Steve is right now, with how much he wants to keep him like this forever. For a minute, Tony even thinks that it doesn’t matter if in a few years he won’t be able to have sex with Steve anymore, he can still make him squirm and writhe and feel good in many other ways, and witnessing Steve’s pleasure will have to be enough for Tony. Will be enough.
Steve’s face. God.
“It hasn’t always been perfect, especially lately. I’ll give you that. But we’ve done it right once or twice, I think.” He chances a quick glance at Steve’s face. “There are some good memories, right?” Tony feels his throat constricting.
“Oh, sweetheart. Of course it was us.”
But Steve.
He’s been cut open in the middle.
Steve takes his ruined henley and throws it in the trash after a minute of silent debate with himself, then puts on another one. He tucks it into his waistband so it doesn’t ride up while he sleeps. Tony thinks he looks kinda silly like that, but also cozy, comfortable. A bit old-fashioned.
“I love you,” Tony says, because it’s true. Steve smiles at him, hesitant, but sincere.
“But what if—”
He’s covered in a thin layer of cold sweat that makes him shiver. He’s panting, his heart is pounding in his chest, he feels scared but doesn’t remember why. His throat is dry and coarse; his tongue feels like it’s made of cardboard. He tastes blood; he probably bit the inside of his cheek.
But there’s a prickling sensation unfolding in his guts. It goes from fastidious to annoying, from annoying to insistent, from insistent to bordering on painful.
They decide to climb the clock tower, see the view from the top. There are more than three hundred steps, though, and this time it takes Tony a while to recuperate, for his chest to stop heaving. He sits in a corner and breathes, and keeps telling Steve that he’s fine, that nothing’s wrong. He looks so small.
At first, he can’t see anything, all is dark around him. He smells dirt and ice. Metal. Rotting flesh, above all.
“Didn’t look like he was just a colleague.”
He twists on his torso to look at Steve’s face, red and sweaty, features contorted in pain.
“You know,” she said, kind and a little sad, “blue roses represent the desire for the unattainable.”
can’t.”
“I’m fine,” Tony says, with the tone he always uses when he says that he’s fine without really being fine, a tone meant to convince himself as much as the person he’s talking to.
“No. Bucky.”
“What is it?” Stella asks, careful.
“Oh. Right.”
Tony wishes he could stop himself, that he could stop his brain from forming this fantasy, but he’s too weak, and has a bad track record in denying himself certain small pleasures. He just wants to feel good for a moment. It’s been
He tries anyway.
But still, his heart beats.
“But does he… does he want me, though? Because I don’t think he… He sent me away, he—”
Steve moves down the bed, lies down between Tony’s legs. Pushes a couple of fingers into Tony’s body, but Tony feels them like from a great distance. He feels the warm liquid inside him trickle down the crack of his ass. The sheets are wet with it.
Steve thrusts harder into Tony’s mouth and comes.
He lets his head hang down, defeated, and whispers, “I’m sorry.”
“I assume he slept in your room last night. Since he’s in your bed and not his. Is that right?”
He knows it’s not really the case, but sometimes Tony still sees Steve as someone who thinks that Tony only fights for himself, only wants to look cool while he picks the easy way out to every problem.
Steve chokes on the words, his voice cracks, he squeezes his eyes shut and grits his teeth but it’s too late, it’s too damn late—a tear rolls down his face, gets lost in his beard. A couple more follow.
“I will. I want you. Steve. My consent… you have it. When you wake up again I don’t know if you… but it’s okay. Anything you need to do, you have my permission. Throughout the whole rut. Alright?”
Tony sits up, and Steve follows him. This is not a conversation they can have lying down.
Tony tries to speak, but he can’t.
“But you won’t have me, so…”
“Okay. But promise you’ll call us? Keep us updated on what’s going on?”
You can listen to the song
this feels, it’s incredible, it’s unreal, and
One of the Knights can’t wait anymore, and he pushes his cock into my mouth. It hits the spot where my tooth used to be. I see my blood on his dick when he takes it out. It’s his turn.
They walk outside when they’re finished eating. Tony shows Steve the pool in the courtyard, points at the terrace accessible from the bar on the second floor of the main building, at the old stable that’s been turned into a gym and spa for the guests.
“I know, Tony, I know what you meant. I was joking, don’t worry.”
loud in the room. Steve gives him a hand up, and Tony makes a point not to linger with his fingers tangled with Steve’s. It’s stupid and pointless, but it gives him an impression of control over his feelings. He still treasures the moments when he’s able to keep his distance from Steve, to deny himself to him.
He suddenly feels hot all over, his clothes clinging to him, and he takes them all off in a hurry. He stands under the cold spray of the shower, and he feels the weight of his cock ease up. He hadn’t even realized he was half-hard already.
“I’m sorry,” Tony starts, “that was…”
“That’s what you were trying to say with your sketch, the other day? The one with us under the cherry tree? I thought we were just… I don’t know. Hugging, maybe.”
But he just can’t let Tony go.
Steve feels tears gather in his eyes; they blur his vision until they start rolling down his face.
, Steve—”
Tony closes his eyes again, presses his forehead to Steve’s and breathes, lips parted, skin wet and tanned and smelling like coconut and metal, and Steve feels it on his lips, the warm air that comes out of Tony’s mouth and he can almost taste it; he remembers it so well from that night, their night, the night they spent together and made love and Steve just wants to give in to this, because maybe he doesn’t deserve it but he would like to have a kiss, a last kiss, as a goodbye, something to remember Tony by, something to think about when he’s alone at night with fire between his thighs and only Tony’s name hammering in his head, something to use to chase away the knowledge of how badly he screwed this up, in the decades of guaranteed loneliness that he’s got ahead of himself, but he…
“See you soon, Tony.”
“Here—”
They walk through a market full of street vendors and people, until they reach a food cart. Tony orders for them both when it’s their turn; he exchanges a few friendly words with the women at the counter, and Steve has the distinct impression that they’re talking about him, who’s never eaten this lampredotto thing and his whole life is about to change forever. Tony asks for seven
“I don’t know if I should tell you this, but... that was the first time I could do… anything… since that night—that night at the compound when we… So that’s why I went along with it and couldn’t, uh, control myself. It’s not enough, I know, but it’s the only, uh... redeeming factor I’ve got.”
Suddenly he regrets letting Steve wash up first. His skin feels clammy and sticky with sweat, his t-shirt clings to his undershirt, and he can feel the sweat under it, too uncomfortable to be bearable anymore.
“Gonna… breed you,” Steve murmured in his ear, out of breath, while a sense of belonging stronger than anything Tony had ever felt surged across the bond. “Make you… mine,” Steve finished.
“I don’t know. Sweet.”
“There are things I’d like to tell you, Tony, explain. I just hope you’ll give me the chance.”
“Sarah, baby… would you mind leaving me and Dad alone for a bit? We have to talk about a super super boring thing.”
And he was so angry, too. Angry because Steve had kept his end of the deal, his
Cuddling Sarah does miracles for Tony’s mind—having her curled up between his arms transforms his anxiety into determination to keep her safe.
“It was,” Steve agrees. “There was just... nothing. I couldn’t feel you.”
Steve is only distantly aware that someone has come into the room. It’s the smell that hits him: there’s another Alpha here.
Steve bites his bottom lip. He drops the t-shirt back in the drawer. “No. Looks like I don’t. Sorry, you’ll have to make do with my stuff,” he says, putting a different t-shirt—one of Steve’s own—next to Tony with a clean pair of underwear.
“Yeah.”
“Wow. You must give amazing head.”
Steve pulls him closer. He presses their bodies together and loses himself into the clear blue of Tony’s eyes.
Tony fakes a cough to put an end to the conversation, and places a plate of spaghetti in front of Steve. It smells amazing.
“Steve—”
“Then… it happened, you know, the, the thing, and… the new bruises covered all trace of the old ones. Deleted them. Deleted all the proof of our night...”
It feels… God, there are no words to say how utterly perfect it is. It’s magnificent.
Steve stops pulling away, because Tony doesn’t want him to. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart. I didn’t want to hurt you.” It’s all Steve can offer.
He wonders where Tony is, if he’ll come back, what he’s doing right now, what Steve will tell Stella in the morning. He worries and worries about Tony, until his throat is raw, his eyes burn, and he’s too tired and heartbroken to even think—because Tony left, and Steve is lost without him by his side.
“I know. I was taking pills. I didn’t want to keep it from him, but I… I didn’t want him to go through that pain, in case I couldn’t… I was forty-six, I mean, why would he even want me at all is beyond me, or have a kid—”
“Shut up.”
“But I don’t… It’s not like it used to be. Right after the ice, I would’ve given anything, anything at all, to go back. To my time, to her… But the last few days... I don’t know, something happened in that church we visited, remember? Before we went to Monteriggioni.”
Steve fucks into him as if he needs to punish himself for something invisible to Tony. He falls on top of Tony, covering his naked back with his chest, his breath damp against Tony’s skin. It makes him shiver again, cutting his breath short while his muscles spasm.
There’s no way to apologize for this, to make up for it. It’s done, and it’s forever.
They use knives on him. A scalpel. Scissors.
It’s an offer. Tony recognizes it as such as soon as it comes out of Steve’s mouth. It’s a hand, extended towards him.
It’s a big, rectangular tank full of very limpid water.
“Oh.”
But still, Steve kinda feels like shit afterwards, every time, and yet he doesn’t have it in him to put a stop to it, he wants Tony. If this is the only way he can get him then he’s gonna be a big boy and suck it up and be grateful that life has at least conceded him this.
Silence.
“Thank you,” he says, softly.
“Wait, but aren’t we leaving soon?”
There’s a crack in his soul. Trying to hold off Steve’s rage is taking its toll on him; it threatens to split him open right in the middle. But there’s no one else that can do this, no one else is up to this task. Only Tony, and the thought comforts him for a brief moment.
“Don’t get all metaphorical on me. It’s just an element.”
“And are you building a new reactor for them?”
I just want it to end. I just want it to end.
“You have a company to run, Tony. He doesn’t.”
“I hate doing that,” Steve murmurs, to himself more than to Tony, his voice vibrating as it goes back to normal. There’s still an echo of command in it, and Tony can feel it like the ridged skin of the scars in the middle of his chest. Like the burns on his fingertips. Like the shape of Steve’s bite embroidered on his shoulder.
“Will you stop if I just take the compliment? You’re making me blush.”
Steve shifts on the bed, stretches closer to Tony, and allows himself to imagine how this would feel if they were together, happy, maybe even naked.
“How do you think about it?”
“Tony—” Steve says, coming close to him, cheek to cheek. When he starts speaking again, he’s whispering in Tony’s ear. “I love you. I trust you. I know you know your limits. If you get off on a little pain, that’s fine, and I’m willing to give it to you. I like it too, no point in trying to deny it now. But I know myself. I’m not walking on eggshells around you because I fear you’d up and leave if I give you another bruise during sex. I’m only trying not to put you in serious physical danger. Okay?”
Tony sighs. Steve moves, finally, the charger in his fingers.
“Not—” Tony interrupts himself, weighs his options. “On the bed, then.”
“She was good, you know. She ate the chicken and the potatoes and half an apple and—”
“This wasn’t your fault.”
“How is it going there? You still cold all the time?”
Steve breathes through his frustration. “That’s someone else talking, and you know that,” he says, trying not to sound accusatory, but as if he’s just stating a fact. Which he is.
It’s fine. Maybe he just needs time to deal with some thoughts on his own.
Steve strains to focus and say the last part.
And yeah, Tony’s head is definitely gonna explode. He puts a hand on his chest, over the arc reactor, and starts rubbing at it, loosens his tie with his other hand, undoes the first three buttons of his shirt. He walks over to Steve’s desk, takes his jacket off and carefully drapes it over the chair, then does the same with the vest. He goes back to sit on the bed, resumes rubbing at his chest.
Tony sighs. He gets up, walks around the bed to settle down on his side. Steve hesitates for a moment, then lies next to him.
“Still. I’m sorry we couldn’t see that other church you were interested in.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do they want, Tony?” Steve tries to stifle his impatience but he’s in pain and Tony smells like someone touched him.
“I am.
“Not with me, anyway,” Steve says, and Tony is thankful that Steve sounds more sad than bitter, because he can’t have another fight about this. But the guilt still hits him, because he’s more than willing to let Steve touch him when he’s the one who needs to be held. It’s the other way around that’s harder on Tony.
“Just fuck me.”
? That… that doesn’t make any sense. No one
want to kill you,” he says, placing a hand over his heart. “I knew the reactor wasn’t in your chest anymore. You know I knew.”
“No. It was... Steve. I wasn’t scared. You didn’t scare me. I was surprised, I didn’t expect you to do that. But it wasn’t a bad thing.”
It’s like being stuck in limbo, the way Steve feels.
Tony pushes Steve’s hair away from his forehead and gives him the saddest smile in the world.
I throw up on the floor. Can’t help it. I vomit their come and the blood I’ve swallowed.
“Symbolism really does it for you, huh?”
Steve has to hide his reluctance before breaking contact with Tony, but in the end he gets up and exits the room.
They’re alone in the breakfast room, the other guests have already left. The owner makes them coffee with a moka pot. The croissants aren’t warm anymore, but they’re fresh and taste magnificent.
It was worth it. All of it.
He feels Steve lift him up by the hips and manhandle him; he feels his legs being spread open around Steve’s hips, Steve’s hands fumbling between them, and then—
, he lived sixty years alone for this, everything he did in his life was rightful and good because it ended with this— all his fucked up and stupid choices suddenly make perfect sense because they led him to
“Something ripped this away during battle. I don’t remember what it was. I saw it on the pavement and picked it up. I didn’t even know who Iron Man was, back then.”
But maybe...
He’s choking on it and he doesn’t care, he just wants this, all of this, all of Tony—him doing all the work and fucking into Steve’s mouth from above him, pressing the tip of a spit-slick finger into Steve and—
“I couldn’t keep it to myself anymore. It wasn’t right. Sam thought we should wait, maybe get our hands on the video. But I said we’d been keeping it from you for too long already, and he agreed… I was scared, I was terrified that you’d… but I had to tell you. So I came down to the workshop, but you—”
“Hearing it like this, Steve, from her, how do I… how do I deal with this?”
“You... you like whales, right? Like... like in that Star Trek movie.”
Tony doesn’t.
he says.
“Why did you stop shaving?” he asks, abruptly.
It’s beautiful.
“I met Rhodey downstairs and he said you were home, so I thought...”
He’ll make him pay. He’ll make him regret everything he’s done.
His dick has softened. It slipped out of the toy leaving a trail of come so thick it’s easy to guess how sick he is. There’s even blood in it, just a bit.
Tony’s chest clenches with the familiar sting of anxiety. He brings his hand to it, swallows his frustration and tries to keep the trembling at bay. He doesn’t quite manage.
“You don’t have to. You don’t have to. Just, just don’t do this to yourself, alright? Don’t go to that place in your mind I can’t reach.”
“Yeah, the stones. Someone wants them, because together those stones can summon an unimaginable power. We need to be prepared. We need to work together. We can’t afford to leave this planet without defenses. I couldn’t bear the thought... that I knew... and didn’t do... didn’t do enough.”
“That’s true. But really—I’m happy you’re all in one piece.”
Tony shakes his head. “I didn’t expect… I had no idea…”
Steve sighs and strokes his cheek. “Not when she was with you.”
Steve kisses it off his lips.
“That night—”
After a few minutes of complete silence, Steve says, “I signed the Accords, you know. The new version.”
Tony.
“We won’t bother her?”
Tony crawls back on top of Steve, all hot skin and soft muscles, the hard edges of the arc reactor digging into Steve’s chest, Tony’s goatee scratching at his neck.
Tony glances at Steve and wonders if he should tell him, after all, but he really wants it to be a surprise. That’s different than keeping a secret. He hopes Steve will see it like that, at least.
He only thinks about Tony.
“Cap?” says Bruce Banner’s voice from the other end of the phone.
“Tony—”
“Promise. It was so nice to see you again, Tony.” He puts his hand on Tony’s shoulder.
He feels like he’d have no problem letting Steve fuck him, but when he tries to imagine it, the Steve in his mind morphs with someone who looks like him but isn’t him, and Tony allows himself a soft moan of terror.
He opens his eyes, tries to see the hills, the trees, the fields—through the tears. He tries to feel the sun on his skin.
They care about different things. Sometimes, they have different priorities. They see the world through different eyes, tinted in different ways.
“‘Thank you’?”
He’s so tired of crying, of not knowing what’s going to happen, of the continuous sting of guilt at the bottom of his stomach. He might have to live with it for the rest of his life, and the sheer possibility fills him with a dread that no bravery can ease.
Steve’s t-shirt is rumpled and his hair is all ruffled up on the side.
“Got sick of looking at my own face every day.”
“Wish you could stay more?”
. I can imagine what you were dreaming about, I just wanna say... I don’t hate you. Never did.”
Tony walks, and makes T’s with rocks, but nothing changes. He’s not walking in circles, it doesn’t seem so, but he can’t find his way out.
Steve wishes he could say something else, explain, find an excuse or a reason, but the only thing that sounds true is that he doesn’t know anything anymore, that he’ll always hurt Tony no matter what, that he’s stupid and in love and desperate because his affection is so hopelessly unrequited that he needs a new word for it.
“You gave it to me.”
Soon, Steve tries for a third finger. It doesn’t work at the beginning, so he adds lube. It eases the way in, but it’s a long time before Steve can start fucking in and out of him again.
“The objects I shrank during my experiments kept giving off a radiation I hadn’t accounted for. FRIDAY didn’t warn me immediately because it didn’t register as life-threatening for the first couple of days. But then my clothes weren’t fitting anymore so...”
Tony’s about to reply, but the words die on his lips. There’s no point in this banter. It’s not playful, it’s just confrontational and self-destructive and he doesn’t want to do that anymore. He doesn’t want to fight his friends anymore.
“You okay?”
Steve’s heart flutters at the term of endearment, despite his best judgement.
Warnings: description of physical and emotional abuse (from Howard, Maria and Tony are the victims). There's also a moment close to the end of the chapter where Steve and Tony are physically rough with each other (ymmv but please be careful if you're easily upset by this stuff).
And it overwhelms Tony, the power of it.
“Tony.”
But they’re here now. Whole, safe, happy. Rebuilding.
“I don’t know. Do you?”
“Steve.”
When Tony turns, Steve is looking at him. His jaw is set tight.
It’s nothing serious, the doctor tells him. She just ate too fast and has a bit of a stomach ache.
He’d get to blow off some steam with someone he can trust not to sell the story to a tabloid the next day while also not feeling pressured to commit to a bond while he still struggles with the effects of seventy years spent in the ice. Some awkwardness for a few weeks during Avengers business must seem to him like a small price to pay for it, because well, he’s the Alpha. He doesn’t have to care about
Despite how warm it is, Steve zips up his hoodie. It’s not even strange anymore. It’s just the shape of his guilt, the weight of it. He shoulders it like all the other consequences of his actions—not knowing when, if at all, he’ll be free of it.
“You know, if you sometimes explained things, maybe—”
“It’s been a tough year, but surely you can’t be
This place, in some way, is already healing them.
“Yeah. Wasn’t my best experience either. Just, just don’t think about it, alright?”
“J, buddy, you there?”
“I can dream about it, right? You told me I could. If I end up hurt, then I hurt.”
“But I had a couple of whiskeys in me, and an itch I wanted you to scratch,” Tony says, grimacing.
“You’re in pain.”
“Goodnight, sunshine,” Tony had said against Steve’s mouth, walking backwards into the hallway.
Dropping things on the floor becomes her favorite pastime. She laughs in delight hearing how different things produce different sounds.
“Yes, sir,” he replies.
“I’ll think about it.”
“Feels nice, doesn’t it?”
The water, as Tony promised, is warm. Not exactly hot, but it’s enough not to make Steve’s situation worse. And Tony, all skin and smiles and eyes and so, so close to him, makes him feel almost warmer, just like that morning in the bathtub.
“Cold.”
“Dad had all the reels. If I was really really quiet I could sneak in his office when he watched them. I used to hide behind the ficus pot.”
“I don’t know what to do with him. I’m here for a very personal matter, I... I don’t want him here. I don’t want him.”
He moans, as quietly as possible, and for the fear of losing his erection he squeezes his cock so much that his knuckles whiten with the effort.
Seems like the others were wrong. I’m not his type, after all.
“I need you to relax, Tony.”
Maria Stark. Little Maria Stark with big eyes just like her daddy.
No. No.
“Yeah, but—”
It’s not that Steve minds that Tony is old. It’s not that he
“Why?”
“You can swim, right?”
“I have pictures to prove it. And multiple leaked sex tapes.”
He draws Tony close to himself with a hand on his back. He feels a slight twinge in Tony’s legs and he seizes the moment before he can think himself out of it: he slides his hand down, over Tony’s butt, and he hoists him up until his thighs are wrapped around Steve’s hips, his ankles crossed against the small of Steve’s back, like yesterday in the river. Tony holds himself up by putting his free arm around Steve’s neck, and then Steve does the only thing he could possibly do right now.
A single sentence hammers in his brain,
“I’m so sorry,” he says, and it’s so inadequate that Steve could cry if he had any tears left after the past year.
“I love you.”
“How do you mean, together?” Steve asks, doubtful, but with a hint of excitement in his tone.
“Tony, I’m so sor—,” Steve hurries to say, desperately trying to extract himself from Tony as fast and as carefully as he can, but Tony locks his ankles behind Steve’s back, presses down on his butt, keeps him in place.
“It... it did.”
They don’t just rape me. I wish they just raped me.
“Not when my Omega feels like shit about himself—”
“Yours was an accident. Mine wasn’t.”
But if Steve takes this now, what’s going to stop him from taking all the rest? What’s going to stop him from turning violent, from tackling Tony to the ground and tearing his clothes away? What’s going to stop him from ordering Tony to strip and sit on his lap and moan like the pretty Omega he is whether he likes Steve’s huge fat knot shoved into him or—
“Why do you stay here?”
“Steve—”
“If it’s any consolation, you don’t look a day older than ninety. Eighty-five normally, but the beard adds a few years, I gotta say.”
He seem angry. Frustrated. Not specifically with Tony, which is the silver lining of this whole thing, but it’s still weird.
“You, uh… you really wouldn’t mind?”
“Yes! Yes, I’m alright. I’m at school, I’m with Ned. History.”
“A silicone cock cage, yeah. It should help you—”
She poops a lot, Tony finds out. How is it possible for a baby so tiny to poop this much? Jesus Christ.
He closes the drawer.
Steve’s pace grows erratic and frantic before Tony feels him suddenly go still and then pulse deep inside him. Steve is gasping, he’s trembling, he’s squeezing Tony’s wrists, hard, crushing Tony into the bed with his weight, but it doesn’t matter. A couple of minutes pass like this, with Steve kissing his shoulders, the nape of his neck, behind his ears.
Go figure.
“For what it’s worth, Tony, he’s ready. He’d die. He told me to tell you and Sarah that he—”
, but that doesn’t mean he’s happy.
“Oh come on, you expect me to believe that? Like you need help from any of us mere mortals!”
A drop of sauce on Steve’s bottom lip. Tony could just—
time ago. Still, agreeing to go out on a date feels a bit too disingenuous on Steve’s part now. The pantomime was useless; all Steve had to do was say no and then ask for what he really wanted, so they’d be on the same page since the beginning. Tony would’ve said yes.
through the bond and Steve rolls him over, and again keeps him still with a hand between his shoulder blades—as though Tony is going anywhere, but Steve is all Alpha instinct now—and fucks into him without much preamble.
“I took off my glove and touched it and I thought… It’s stupid, I know, but I thought that thing had been against your skin, and touching it with my fingers felt like… like…”
And then he reached a point where he couldn’t put it off anymore, he
Steve opens his eyes and smiles.
He keeps his teeth covered with his lips, and keeps his mouth tight around Tony, open just enough. He doesn’t care about saliva dripping down his chin; he keeps Tony as wet as possible, the slide smooth and easy, and he uses his tongue to caress the underside of Tony’s cock and support the movement.
“You’re always putting me in trouble with the law, first the cherries—”
“I love y—”
They move to the living room, Stella taking the couch with the cats, and Steve and Tony occupying one armchair each.
Not yet.
It’s an awful moment, the one that comes next. The possibilities are split in two even halves, which isn’t as common as people might think. Either Steve lets Tony touch him, or he jerks his arm away.
As for the state of my mind, I actually cannot tell. Do I still have my enhanced intelligence? Am I still a tactical genius? Can I remember things perfectly, things I’ve only seen once?
“You lied to me.”
He wasn’t ready to give that up altogether. Not just yet.
He breathes until he can open his eyes again and speak, but he has to stifle down the pleased warmth unfolding in his stomach at hearing Tony so upset about him. Tony still cares about him. He doesn’t love him anymore, hasn’t in years, but—
The trial alone was going to be a nightmare for everyone involved, so it’s better like this. One less problem to solve. The man is dead, and barely anyone gets to even know about it, so he never becomes a martyr for the leftover Hydra loyalists. No one complains about the unclear circumstances of his death.
“Tony,” Steve calls, softly, so he doesn’t spook him.
The cold that has been chilling his bones for months, that hasn’t left him since that terrible day in Siberia.
But Steve, hating himself so much for what he’d done. Even more than Tony ever has, or ever could.
Tony’s body pressing into Steve’s, his hands gripping Steve’s hair in fistfuls, guiding his head into place.
“You can say friendship.”
“This may sound unlikely to you, but I do know that, Damisa-Sarki.”
“Glad you like it.”
But if there’s one thing that secretly pining for each other for more than a decade has taught them, is that they need to
“I didn’t want to interrupt you, it’s just that we missed—”
“Ok, Luca, torna da lei, va bene? Se fai il bravo tra qualche giorno ti spedisco un regalo a casa, mh?”
“Yeah.”
Steve opens his eyes and hears himself shout, as if from a great distance.
“You...  are…”
It’s devotion.
“Yeah—”
For what, he can’t even imagine. He’s sure the songs, the movies, centuries of poetry don’t really do it justice. What it must feel like, to be one with someone else. To have that one sure thing, for the rest of your life.
“Oh. You’re back,” he says, awkward. “Sorry, I... She was crying, so… It seemed wrong to just...” He waits for Tony to come closer, and he passes Maria to him, careful not to touch him. He could hold her up with just one of his hands. “I’m sorry,” he repeats.
He tries to speak, but his lips are stuck together, and separating them seems to need a disproportionate amount of force that he doesn’t have.
Steve shrugs. “It was my dad’s.”
“Because Andy’s moms went to a doctor that helped them… close the garden.”
“I don’t doubt it is. But you and the other Avengers, you have an unimaginable power. Without consciousness…” she sighs. “You can’t be judge and jury, Steve. There are laws. International ones, too. If you disregard them, what makes you different from the criminals?”
Steve is still fisting his erection. God, it hurts so much. He doesn’t want to use the toys, but the thought of his knot swelling up with only his hand around it makes the bottom drop out of his stomach.
That was the point of no return—everything that happened later was too much, too fast, too awful. The discussion about the Accords, Peggy, Vienna, Berlin, that damn airport, fucking Siberia, fucking Zemo with that fucking tape and Tony’s small voice saying
“You have school tomorrow,” Tony says, but there’s no insistence in it.
“Why… why didn’t you?”
He’s not really thinking when he pushes his fingers in the cleft of Steve’s ass and finds his rim, massaging it until it loosens up underneath the pressure.
care about you?”
He did that. He is responsible for that. There’s no other explanation.
Tony, a red gauntlet on the cuffs, a whirring sound choked off suddenly. The cuffs fall open around Steve’s wrists—red with blood and infection, purple with bruising, white with bones protruding out of his skin.
There’s a brief silence, and then Steve finds the courage to look Tony in the face. He gives him a small smile, and Tony’s eyes brighten in response.
The floor of Steve’s room—suddenly, something solid under Tony’s feet. He can feel the softness of the carpet even through the suit. He nods his head to the side and the helmet disappears.
He was nervous, twitchy. He even asked Tony for a drink.
He holds his dick at the base, just above the place where the knot forms. It hurts so fucking much he can’t even breathe. He pushes back into the toy—at least he’ll get some pressure around it, he figures—but it feels so bad. It’s disgusting. His come is lukewarm inside the channel, the silicone is so fake. There’s no warmth, and it only smells like plastic.
Tony stared at the empty drawer in his dresser and tried to recall what was in there before Steve’s underwear.
He sits on the other side of Steve’s bed.
“Compromise.”
ice cream he’s ever had.
Joking feels good. Tony’s ability to shift Steve’s attention, to ground him, to smooth his edges is always incredible, always there despite it all. Steve is still angry—he can still feel tons of Alpha hormones rushing through him and making his skin crawl—but Tony’s presence, his voice, his scent, they’re cardinal points for Steve’s soul, even with their quiet, untouched bond.
Maria is not even a month old yet when they have their first real bad day.
He still feels so warm. Is he coming down with a fever? Just what he needs right now, dammit.
“And you didn’t?”
“What?”
“It’s alright,” Tony says, and kisses Maria’s forehead. He’s dirty; he should clean up, but he’s missed her. It’s only been an hour and he’s missed his baby.
Okay. It’s okay.
Once in bed—Tony half-naked lying on top of the sheets, Steve with sweatpants and a henley under his blanket—Tony turns his head to look at Steve.
“I’m so scared of losing you. And I don’t even have you.”
, can he.
sorry. I’m, I’m sorry, I’m, I’m mortified, I… Shit.”
He has no idea if the others felt the same when he played mommy for them. What did Clint think when he brought him kale smoothies when he was hurt? And Bruce, when Tony sat a cup of herbal tea on his desk at night? Or Nat, what did Natasha think of Tony pretending he didn’t know where all his little bags of blueberries went? He always had the best beers for Thor, protein shakes for Steve. Upgrades for their equipment and weapons. A state-of-the-art gym. Empty floors in the Avengers tower that became empty rooms in the Avengers compound.
“Experiment 2187.6B, sir.”
“Steve.”
“You haven’t already?”
Steve feels Tony clench around him with every blow.
“Oh.”
“It wasn’t,” Tony replies. “They wanted to kill Howard, but she was with him in the car, and…”
Tony walks and walks for hours, until he has to confess to himself the terrible truth: he’s lost. He can’t even get back to the first cave, the one with the staircase that led outside.
The moon is huge and white, hanging above the countryside. There are so many stars in the sky.
“I’m… I’m not gonna force you, Tony. I… I don’t know why you think I’m the one who gets to decide these things. That’s you.”
He’s facing the other way from Steve, staring far away into the valley, at the hills, at the dark clouds already above them.
“What are you talking about?”
“But I’m not hurt,” Sarah says, matter-of-factly. “Dad... are you crying?”
He looks at him, at his face and his eyes, for impossibly long seconds, and Steve pretends he can still breathe, that his life doesn’t hang on the next few minutes, that he’s okay with the possibility of Tony refusing him, in the end, because at least he’d know.
, and—
“That’s me. Nice to meet you,” he says, shaking her hand and kissing her cheeks. She hugs him too, but not as tight or as long as Tony. She really is short.
“Oh?”
“You’re not responsible for your nightmares.”
“Mind if I take a shower?” Steve asks, low and kind of breathy.
“I’ll always fight if it’s by your side.”
Steve looks at him for a long moment.
“Yeah. I lied,” Tony says, shrugging, laughing at his own joke. “Stop ruining all the fun. Besides, you’re itching to go there. I know you.”
“Shit,” Tony groans, while Steve fucks him with his finger. He feels his cock twinge with interest, but he doubts he’ll be able to get it up again so soon.
The fork looks tiny in his big fingers. When he opens his mouth Tony can see his tongue, his teeth.
“Open up,” he says, for the sake of watching Tony obey with no hesitation, and Tony sucks on Steve’s fingers and tastes himself and... yes. He tastes unmistakably like Omega in heat.
. It means God, in its own context.”
His first sketches are of that time Tony kissed Maria’s forehead and she—maybe—smiled.
“Good grief, Mr. Stark! Being so rude to an old lady! Shame on you!”
But they never gave it a name. They never admitted it to anyone, least of all to each other. It was just something that happened, lasted for a few months, sometimes even a year, and then—
“I was starting to think he was willing to die before having sex with—”
He draws the city skyline multiple times, using different styles and colors, but after a while his heart isn’t in it anymore, and he closes the sketchbook, puts it back in its drawer in the desk. Steve picks up his favorite pencil and walks to his bed. From the bottom drawer of his bedside table he takes out another sketchbook, hidden behind his socks. He leafs through it.
“—nag you… oh. Oh, that’s. That’s good, Tony. I thought you had but... I didn’t know you had a drinking problem.”
Steve lifts his gaze until he reaches Tony’s face, and he looks—he looks terrified.
“Shh, I don’t wanna feel you think—” Steve starts, but then stops, and grimaces to himself. “Sorry,” he says, and tries to smile, “soothing your insecurities with Alpha orders isn’t gonna cut it.”
But Steve doesn’t have his shield anymore, doesn’t have his uniform. He only has a sketchbook, a pencil case, a bunch of dark winter clothes, a sad smile for Tony.
“You did this—” Steve shows him with his other hand.
“It’ll pass. Eventually. But thank you for saying that. It’s very considerate of you.”
when he enters the shower at night. Then, he remembers they haven’t run out; it’s just in another bathroom.
“Co-lead the team. Me and you,” Tony answers, and it’s what Steve was expecting.
“How’d you feel... how’d you feel when Rhodey... when he—”
“Steve, you damn idiot,” Tony says, but without cruelty in it. He’s just tired, really, and his legs hurt, and he can’t hold himself up for so long.
Tony pees. He wonders if he could really masturbate, but the more he thinks about it, the less the idea seems appealing. Steve would wake up for sure, and Tony feels ashamed of himself enough as it is. He’d rather avoid another awkward talk with Steve about how even Tony’s dick has PTSD.
No drugs.
—Tony rejects him. Even if they stay friends, which is already assuming a lot, Steve won’t be able to do anymore a lot of things that he can do, now.
“Um… Sorry, I didn’t even think about—”
“Tony, wait, wait—”
He’s back in the cave.
Tony works for a while. Steve reads. The room is silent. There’s only them breathing, Steve turning the page. The clicking of Tony’s keyboard, him leafing through his notes.
Steve seems speechless for a moment, his breathing quick and shallow.
Something rends every thought Tony has ever had, every thought Steve has ever had.
“Of course. I’ll take you home.”
Third thing: THANK YOU to everyone that has read the story and commented on it, and to everyone that has listened to me complaining about writing it for six months. You're all the best. And THANK YOU to everyone that patiently waited for the story to be completed to read it! I hope you will enjoy it and I would love to hear your thoughts.
“The new armor is... impressive. Love the design, too.”
An explosion makes a tear in the wall.
Tony smiles.
“It sucks that you’d… feel like this,” Tony says, measuring each word, “given how much you don’t like the cold. In general, I mean.”
The night, the silence, the empty building.
Relief distends Steve’s features, but it’s not enough against the strength of his guilt.
And after all this talking and agreeing and deciding, Tony asks, “Wanna make me do some dick exercises, soldier?” and Steve says, “Go get naked, Avenger. I’ll get the cock cage.” And that’s how Tony ends up kneeling on his heels on their bed, cage snapped on, two of Steve’s fingers fucking into him relentlessly, brushing at his prostate over and over and over again, and Tony is going crazy, he’s completely losing it; he can’t think anymore, there’s nothing he can focus on except what Steve is making him feel right now, and just
“All the time,” Steve says, covering Tony’s hand with his own. Tony turns his palm up, and stares at their fingers laced together, eyes wistful and unfocused.
He wishes he could quantify it, this power Steve has over him. A word, a brush of fingers, a chaste kiss—and Tony breathes again, feels again, thinks again.
Oh my god.
He gets better in a matter of days.
He strokes his abdomen and whispers, “I’m sorry, kid. It’s not your fault.”
He presses Tony’s back up the trunk of the cherry tree, braces himself against it with his hand, brushes his nose with Tony’s for a moment.
“Thirty-nine.”
Tony sends a quick
“When?” Steve asks instead, voice rough as though he hasn’t used it in a long time.
“If I can help in any—”
“Don’t,” Steve snaps, lifting a hand to stop Tony from saying more. He breathes then, deep, closes his eyes and drops his hand. He softens his voice. “At least don’t mock me for it. Please.”
She sounds apologetic and heartbroken. But her words are logical, and they feel like a caress, smoothing over Tony’s rage. She didn’t lie.
He closes his hands into fists and shuts his eyes so he doesn’t look at himself anymore, he doesn’t witness himself disappear.
“Mmh,” he moans, and closes his eyes again. He hears Steve laugh to himself.
“That’s a smart choice,” Tony says, smirking.
He just writes in the end, in wonky and uneven letters that barely resemble his usually neat handwriting.
Your beautiful eyes are shining
Tony looks at him like he’s asking for some sort of permission to go on, like they can still come back from this, he can say his knees just gave up on him, apologize, pretend he didn’t mean it, pretend it never happened. Steve looks up at him, quickly, afraid that a sign of acknowledgment could break this spell. So he doesn’t say anything, doesn’t nod, he just averts his eyes from Tony’s and pushes his own hips up, gives back what he received and lets out a breath of relief when Tony just looks at his face for a moment and then starts
“But I promised—”
Steve doesn’t move before answering, quiet and ashamed. “The ticking reminds me of your heartbeat.”
“Yeah. Why are you saying that like it’s weird?”
Survival compels me to fight, to win, to kill. But it doesn’t matter. Them or me, it actually doesn’t matter at all.
Right. He forgot about that. He’s not thinking straight; thinking is very hard right now.
“I’m okay, yes,” then, in a gentler voice, “hey, it was just a dream. I’m here. You ain’t getting rid of me this easy.” He smiles.
“Yes. Yes to Florence.”
“Nice try. So, that night? What about it?”
Where they could love each other, where it wouldn’t destroy them.
, Tony doesn’t say.
“I hope so,” Steve replies in a whisper.
Steve smells better, after that. Not like he should, and Tony doesn’t either. But they’re better.
“Steve, wait,” Tony says, but it’s too late. Steve has already pressed the button. “Thank you,” Tony hastens to say.
The suit is broken, the suit... the suit is digging into his chest, cutting his skin, slashing through his flesh, it hurts so much, it pierces his lungs and his heart and his soul and the pain is unbearable and he—
“Don’t poke inside my mind!”
“She’s dating Maria Hill.”
“Where were you,” Steve asks, and he’s struggling to make it sound like a question.
“Then it’s yours.”
His Omega instinct kicks in, stronger than any sense of betrayal. And the bite on his shoulder never fades.
“Before everything got—”
And again.
Tony’s voice verges on frantic, in a way that is becoming unsettlingly familiar to Steve. It’s Tony’s fear of not doing enough, of not being able to help everyone who needs it, because
Because.
“I’ll go get you some water, okay?”
Never getting lost in the darkness. Always something to guide him back.
“You hold her?”
“If it’s
The memory will never go away, so you can’t try and make it disappear, because it’s impossible. It happened, and you have to bear those scars whether you like them or not. The only thing you can do is allow yourself to think about it once a day, every day. But
He kisses Steve’s mouth, then. It tastes like roses and blue, just like he knew it would. Just like all of Steve.
Steve shakes his head. “‘S too awful.”
They handcuff me.
Steve taps at the keypad in the glass. Nothing seems to happen, but Steve draws to the side, making room for Tony.
Steve takes him to a hospital. It seems like a S.H.I.E.L.D. place, but they tell him S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t exist anymore. Tony spends three days there, being prodded and tested, then calls Steve and checks himself out.
It chases away the smell. It’s cold.
Alpha, then, but in the worst way. In all those ways Steve has always refused.
Second thing: you probably have noticed that the story is now part of a series. I have two codas to post, set in the same universe, but the focus of those stories won't be stevetony. You can read them or not, it's up to you! I'll post them before the 27th.
Steve straightens himself and strips down the rest of the way, throwing his uniform to the floor. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t care about anything.
He goes outside, sits on the porch. He looks at the sky, and the familiar spike of anxiety makes its way up his throat. He thinks about all the protocols FRIDAY is ready to implement if—when—
“It was very complicated, Sarah.”
Tony looks into his pleading eyes, and for a moment he thinks he doesn’t get it, why is it such a big deal? But then he remembers how much he hates it when everyone calls him
“I can’t lose you. Either way, I can’t lose you.”
, it seems to tell him, and maybe Tony is really saying it. “Calm down, sunshine. I’m here now. You’re all right.”
“You look like you got ran over by a truck,” he whispers, genuine concern coloring his voice.
“Nah, I should practice more...”
“Whatever. You’re the leader.”
Tony scoffs, but it’s fond. “Come on. Water’s almost boiling.”
“Ah, we—god, this is embarrassing—he’s going into a rut, and… it’s quite bad.”
“Hey, hey, it’s alright. It’s alright.”
“Who?”
“Mmh,” Tony groans, and sits up in the tub, leaving Steve’s warmth.
“I’ll think about it. You’ve been here with Pepper?”
I’m in a dungeon. Chained to the floor, in the middle of the room.
It’s a weird thing, probably, but Tony likes the way Steve eats. He’s been educated well, but he can’t always hide his excitement. Despite the trauma of the war, Steve seems to have found a way to enjoy food. He always eats everything in his plate, even stuff he doesn’t like much, because it’s food, and you eat all the food you can get whenever you can get it. But Tony can tell when Steve really loves how something tastes. Tonight, for example.
A couple of hours later they arrive in a little town called Scandiano, in front of a place that looks like a regular house, but it’s actually a bed and breakfast. There’s an old man at the door; he greets them in English.
“Hot, I’m told. Beautiful.”
Since the last time he heard it.
The next day Thaddeus Ross came to Avengers tower with the Sokovia Accords.
Steve’s bottom lip, trembling.
Sarah is still asleep.
“Knot my mouth,” he breathes out, barely conscious that he’s saying it all.
“Okay, rest.”
“I’d be very happy to.”
When Maria is a little over six months old, Tony makes her eat something that’s not formula.
“Yeah, and I can’t wait to see how thrilled Wanda or Clint are gonna be when you step down so
, is the first thing Tony thinks.
Tony can almost hear him frown through the phone.
He feels like he isn’t real for a few minutes, like he’s disappearing into nothing, but it’s not scary. It feels great. Everything unnecessary about him is being peeled away, and only his essence remains, ready to blend with Steve’s through this thing they’re doing—this act of love-making that suddenly seems like the most important brick in what they’re rebuilding.
And what’s missing, the only thing that’s missing, is Tony adding his own pieces, contributing to the growth with the same passion Steve has. And maybe someday Tony’s lack of help will become too much for Steve, and he won’t be able to do it all alone any longer. If Tony rejects him, maybe one day Steve will stop loving him too, and move on. It hasn’t happened yet.
Tony clenches around Steve and the knot pulses inside him, Steve spilling another wave of his release into him. Tony comes so hard his vision whitens with it, and he’s not so sure he doesn’t lose consciousness for a couple of seconds.
Just wrong.
“I will, Tony. If it’s the last thing I do. Whatever it is.”
“Maria said he avoided spending time with you. That he criticized you all the time, that you antagonized him when you were older, which made him mad.”
“What happened to you, baby.”
Tony’s heart has been weak, unsteady, untrustworthy for a few years now, and yet Steve sees it shine as if it was made of diamonds.
You know, Mom, one night, me and Rhodey…
“Come on,” he says, and his voice isn’t urging or encouraging, it’s soft and quiet and kind like a caress, like a kiss, almost like a prayer.
Tony walks a few feet away, and presses a button on his sunglasses to summon the little energy shield that muffles his voice. It comes in handy when you’re the kind of person who really needs to keep his calls private, and not only because you hang around people with enhanced senses.
Tony is sucking on Steve’s neck, like he often does, and Steve places a hand on Tony’s ass and lifts him up, Tony puts his arms around Steve’s shoulders and his legs around Steve’s hips. Steve turns and presses Tony up against the nearest wall, breathing hard.
Steve draws a deep, fake sigh of relief, and Tony smiles again, his teeth impossibly white against his tan skin.
That’s what does it.
, he reads from upside down.
They look at each other in silence for a few seconds, and then they can’t hold their laughter in anymore, they let it flutter over them, fill the room, die against the ceiling.
“Were you scared, Tony? When you flew into the portal, were you afraid of dying?”
“Uh… kinda. A bit.” Tony looks at his watch—the only thing he’s wearing. “Damn. I still have to shower,” he says, his arm moving in a wide gesture towards the bathroom door.
, Vision said in Wanda’s room.
Past the living room, they walk through a hallway with a staircase beyond which there are Stella’s bedroom and a bathroom. She explains that she prefers to sleep downstairs, so she doesn’t have to climb the stairs as often as she used to.
“Do you think they made the chapel cylindrical as a callback to the Round Table?” Steve suddenly asks.
He surprises himself thinking that he likes the way his body looks now. He’s lean and sinewy, slender. He used to be bulkier a few years ago, but he prefers himself this way. Maybe it’s because this means that there’s less of him, but he wants to think that it’s because he looks more like he did when he was young, when he first became Iron Man.
“Okay. Just one thing. For future reference, you tell me this kind of shit.”
He lets Tony manhandle him into position (he would let Tony do anything to him, really, holy shit) and he finds himself facing the wall with his hands splayed on the white tiles, his elbows and knees locked, his legs spread apart. Tony slips under his arm, kneels down between his thighs and then Steve’s brain short-circuits again because goddammit, Tony’s
Maybe he’s really coming down with the flu or something.
Steve kisses his head from behind.
He notices the drawing when he goes to take his phone from the coffee table, and he stares at it in disbelief, has to sit back down on the couch.
He opens his mouth and he lets Steve push past his lips. He’s very careful about it, slow, considerate. He holds himself at the base to keep from shaking when he’s welcomed into the wet heat of Tony’s mouth, and Tony can feel Steve’s other hand delicately caress the side of his stretched out lips, the bulge in his cheek, the side of his head.
Steve seems to be about to get up, but then he hesitates and turns to face Tony. He’s not laughing at all now.
You just keep digging your own grave.
“You sure you wanna go out?”
Steve jolts.
Tony shifts just enough to look into Steve’s eyes for a moment. He smiles, bitter, and almost looks like he’s going to be sick. Steve wonders if Tony will look at him like this forever. If Steve will, too. With only
“We came to Italy in the hottest part of the year, and I can’t even complain to you about it,” Tony says with a little grin on his face.
“What—”
“You really need to ask?”
Tony’s words bite, but his voice is calm. He huffs a laugh, because that’s what his brain usually comes up with in these situations.
“Not as bad as I feared.”
It takes more than Tony was expecting, but he forgets all about it when he fucks Steve with his tongue and listens to him scream his name, tugging on Tony’s hair and shuddering as he comes.
“Join me,” the man says against the skin of Tony’s neck. “Lead Hydra with me.”
It’s 9:30. They still have time for breakfast.
“No, it’s… It’s gonna be hard for her, we knew this. Hey. We did okay.”
He resumes pushing into Tony, very slowly, still lost in Tony’s eyes, in this infinite moment where nothing matters except them, their eyes meeting, their souls melting into one. When Steve bottoms out Tony lets out a sob, and a few more tears spill freely from the corner of his eye and down his temple, in his hair, on the pillow. Steve leans down, kisses Tony’s face, kisses his tears, his mouth. Tony kisses back and it feels like that now he has started he never wants to stop.
Kissing Tony’s knee, touching his face and his hair. Sleeping with him curled up against his side, face pressed into Steve’s ribs. Feeling Tony’s hand around his own waist. Eating the food he makes, waiting for him to be done in the shower. Filling the tub with hot water and staying there with him for hours, until the skin of his hands is wrinkled and Steve’s skin still resists being changed by time and circumstance. Kissing his jaw, holding his hand, caressing his hip. Stroking his back, massaging his bruises. Shoving his own clothes in the washing machine together with Tony’s. Hanging them out to dry.
Steve turns off the light, and pads to Tony, his movements muffled by his socked feet. He stands next to him, looks out of the window for a while. The rain is violent and merciless, like Steve’s blows that day in the HYDRA base, like the ice around them, like all their mistakes.
“Shut the fuck up, Steve,” is Tony’s only reply. He starts cleaning up Steve’s face and neck with the wipes, hesitates around the cuts on his chest, is careful when lifting his arms to get at his armpits.
, he was so sure that this time, this time they wouldn’t be caught unprepared, that of course this time they’d be on the same side, but…
, Steve thinks.
Steve back. But he’s gone. And all I’m left with is a pale imitation that doesn’t share even an ounce of his courage. All I’m left with is…
He’s scared of moving. He should find a way to get back to Steve.
Steve pours all his love into Tony’s mind.
“I’ll help you.”
He’s here.
He’s here.
“Tony, he was heartbroken. Out of his mind with grief. Whatever made him move on, I’m glad he found it.”
He could get up. He could go into the kitchen, drink some water, get the ice. Then sit on the couch, without putting weight on his shoulder. He could get some work done, catch up with his emails, reply to Pepper. He could take a walk. He could jack off. He could make Steve breakfast. Yeah.
There are thousands of things Steve wishes he could say, but none of them seem to really matter, and none of them sound helpful. Tony knows them, anyway. He’s got to know, by now. If he doesn’t, then...
“What do you wanna watch?” Tony asks her.
He breathes, slowly and regularly, like he’s done many nights after a nightmare, sometimes alone, sometimes with Rhodey holding his hand and telling him his weird War Machine stories. Sometimes he’s been the one holding Rhodey’s hand.
“She’s got a big house. A villa, in the countryside.”
“Because I solved the issue with the cell codes and… Riri told me about Spider-Man. Steve. Don’t you get it?”
He’s okay. Rhodey is okay, Peter and Pepper too. FRIDAY is there, J is in his phone and soon he’ll be back for real, at his side like always.
Dinner comes and goes, and they postpone the time for goodbyes a bit more, taking coffee in the living room.
“You going somewhere?”
Steve reaches behind Tony, grabbing the t-shirt from the collar at the back of his neck. Tony bends down, and it’s only now that he’s not looking into Steve’s eyes anymore—that Steve isn’t looking into his—that he realizes how much he needs that.
for letting me hang around.”
Tony moves on top of him, fast and the exact opposite of careful. He takes it too deep, squeezes his eyes shut, but his mouth is slack with pleasure and his breath hot on Steve’s face.
He cleans himself up, then the mirror, the sink. Washes it all carefully, sprays detergent and disinfectant all over, rinses the lather off. He tries to delay the moment he goes back to bed as much as possible, hopes Steve will fall asleep again in the meantime.
“I’m not thirty-five anymore.”
He looks at Tony’s body, and it’s a map of all the ways Steve has hurt him. A testament to Steve’s failures, proof of Tony’s fragility, yes, but also and most importantly of his resilience, because he may be scarred and bruised and hurt, but he’s still here.
