“Yeah, so you’ve insisted.” She raised an eyebrow, and he shrugged. “Yet, he never blamed you for Ultron again after that night.”
Somehow, through the distraction of heavy petting and groping, they made it to the bedroom, where Steve tried to carefully set Tony down on the bed, but the genius had other plans. He threw off his shirt before pulling Steve down, laying him flat on his back.
“Still hard as rocks.” Tony observed. “Amazing. I can’t wait to ride it.” He crawled up, reaching over Steve to his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube. Steve was still in a daze, but his glossy eyes tracked Tony’s movements. He got one look at that cute, round ass as it stretched over him, and he was suddenly invigorated. Before Tony could make another move, Steve sat up and pushed him down onto his back instead.
"Uh. I think...I think it went well." Steve was flustered by how cute Tony looked. He'd changed into some comfortable looking joggers and a plain shirt, but was still scurrying around in Steve's light blue slippers. He tried to ignore that possessive feeling of knowing that Tony showered and changed, but still made the choice to put
(See the end of the chapter for
"No? Not tonight, baby?" Tony asked.
"Oh. You guys are definitely dating."
. Not to Steve. “Thought everyone would sleep in today. It’s Sunday. Sorry about that. Hope he wasn’t
"Yep." Steve was afraid all the air in his lungs would gush out if he said any more.
"I am deeply ashamed and disturbed by what I have witnessed here today."
“You’re back!” He exclaimed into his hair, holding him tight.
He got to meet with Fury, which knocked his libido down a few pegs. They talked about the Avenger's and SHIELD's role in Tony's new project, which Fury wasn't happy about, but allowed. He said it would be approved on his end, as long as Steve made sure everything was 'above board.' He knew that really meant they wanted him to keep an eye on Tony, which was so infuriating. He wished everyone could see Tony the way he did - a selfless, generous, albeit ambitious man. But if it would help make Tony's project easier, then he would keep his mouth shut and take Fury's approval of providing security in stride. Thankfully, Fury was also understanding about letting Steve set his own office hours for the time being, to manage both his SHIELD duties and the Avengers.
"Shut up, James." Tony took the phone back and held it in his lap. He smiled. Maybe he hadn't ruined everything after all.
He sat, uncomfortably, on his couch. He pulled up the photo of him and Not-Tony again, and stared at it for a long time. It already felt like the events of last night happened years ago. A lifetime ago. He
Steve sucked in a shaky breath. “I slept with...Tony. Kind of.” The deafening silence that followed was quickly broken with a snort from Bucky.
"Oh, uh, sorry." Steve apologized. "It's just...Tony hasn't danced all night. It's not like him."
“Does this mean my Tony is coming back now?” Steve perked up. Tony looked at this watch.
Tony gaped at him for much too long, until he realized that the silence was deafening, and he needed to talk too.
Back on the screen, a growing list started forming. A couple new bullet points being added every few seconds.
I had to fly over in War Machine, Tony. You said it was an emergency. Do you know how annoying it is to get last minute air clearance?" Rhodey planted his forehead into his palm.
Texas and most of New Mexico had been mostly flat land, so it was exciting to be surrounded by mountains now. Stopping near some interesting looking cliffs, Steve pulled out his phone to take a picture.
Tony wouldn't want to be with me. Not like that. Not at
I'm not a doctor or expert in mental health. I am only writing based on my own personal experiences. If you feel anxious, depressed or panicked, please do not take any of my work as advice and seek professional guidance instead.
"Is that okay?" Steve asked, genuinely scared for some reason.
Steve was glad to hear that, actually. As they worked, he explained Tony's project to them as well, and they wholeheartedly agreed to help in any way they could.
"Think I've made up my mind." He grinned and handed back the other hat. "I'll always be a Dodgers fan. I think LA might be my second favorite place on Earth, right behind Brooklyn." He meant it. He'd never forget his wonderful weekend with Tony there.
“Don’t
"What?" Steve was perplexed. Was he remembering wrong? "Sorry for what?"
"Come on," Steve got up and motioned for Tony to follow. "Put on your shoes. I didn't think I'd have you up so early, so I didn't have anything specific planned until lunch. But I just had an idea."
Their fight had been so...odd. He wasn’t sure why Tony thought Steve was disappointed in him, or even
"Yes, ma'am." Pepper chuckled under her breath at the formality and closed the door behind her, leaving the two alone.
"I tried to. I asked him to come to dinner with me tonight, after the game."
as this felt, he needed to pull away. Steve obviously thought he was someone else. He stifled a moan before jerking back, spreading his arms in front of him to keep Steve at a more appropriate distance. His heart was racing, his head was spinning.
“-so we just ran inside and locked the door behind us! Can you believe that? The cameraman lost his lenses but it was better than being a crocodile snack!” She laughed.
He put his phone back up, and continued his trek, feeling a little heavier than when he'd set off that morning.
Far away, someone was trying to talk to him. But they sounded robotic. It didn't sound real. He couldn't make out what they were saying.
“And they want to know if you need them to baby-proof the bar, or if you’re going to get rid of it altogether.” Steve held Tony’s hands once they boarded the elevator.
"What's the occasion?" She directed her question at Tony.
That's why he decided to use this down time between innings to get to know him a little better. He didn't want to get too invested if there was some deal breaker. The more he talked to Tony though, the more he realized he couldn't imagine a future without him, even if he
"I thought we were eating Chinese." Steve took a bite of something drenched in a brown sauce that made him moan immediately. Holy moley that was delicious.
would be in control, damn it.
"Only if you want." Steve shrugged, trying his best to maintain his cool, but his heart was hammering as fast and as hard as the drums echoing around them. Tony put down his drink and slowly took Steve's hand, but instead of heading towards the dancers, he pulled Steve down, closer to him, and turned so he could speak in his ear.
Tony stood up, "Oh! I almost forgot!" And ran to his room. That brought Steve out of his dangerous train of thought, mentally scolding himself for thinking that way again. In an instant, Tony was back with a small box wrapped in gold paper. "It's a birthday present for you." He held it out, and Steve gingerly took it.
“Oh? Is that what you want tonight?” He pretended to give Steve a stern glare, but the spark in his eyes gave him away.
“Yep.” He produced a bottle of chocolate syrup too, and she squealed in delight, motioning for him to come inside. They sat in the living room, with their ice cream and spoons - no bowls would be necessary today. They enjoyed their treat in silence until Tony sighed loudly and threw his legs over the couch arm.
“Yeah. He has the same ticklish spot too.” Steve grinned as he tugged at Tony’s arm with one hand, and kept tickling with the other.
"D.C. is not
"I was just waiting on my dance partner." Steve smiled.
"But it's
An ache ran through his chest when he opened it. It was a photo of Tony, smiling wide. Next to him were Clint and Natasha with pointed party hats on, in the middle of laughing. In the back, Bruce and even Thor were seen digging their forks into an entire cake, probably unaware Tony was even taking a picture.
“Tony.” He moaned, but it came out sounding desperate and pleading. Tony hummed, lips still on his cock, the vibrations making him leak even more.
“And he said you got mad at Steve, but won’t tell him why. So your price of admission; you need to tell me what’s going on.” Pepper stuck out her chin to make her point.
That’s just dangerous. Especially with all these people running here. There are already too many of them on the ground, probably accidentally run over by cars or crushed by flying objects. With a sad look around, he’s once again reminded about the bad sides of being a superhero.
Once back into the hallway, she hides herself three more times from the people. When she hears loud noises coming from the hangar, she stops in her tracks.
“It never was.”
Tony doesn’t answer. His mind is doing its best to figure this out. His eyes glance in Strange’s direction for a bit, but not for longer than a second. Maybe not even that.
“Bruce, help him!” he says. Then he nods towards Wong and Strange. Pulling out his glasses, he puts it on his head to observe his surroundings. “FRI, what am I looking at?”
“What the stone was warning me about,” Vision returns, voice low and tense. Wanda bites her lower lip when she suddenly sees Stark’s picture appear on the screen. He’s
The rest of the team banters a bit with each other again. Tony barely listens to it as he takes a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down. The thought of his upcoming destination has him nervous. To go back to a time before he even knew Peter? That’s going to be tough. He wouldn’t want to see the way he was before becoming a Dad.
“We messed with time. It tends to mess back. You’ll see.” Tony holds out his hand and helps Steve back up on his feet. They find Thor, a little bit further away. He’s not unconscious, but rather observing something.
And that’s when Wong starts explaining it. The Big Bang creating six elemental stones, two of which Tony has already encountered in the Tesseract and the Mind gem in Vision’s head. Wong explains how there are four more of them; the purple one for power, the red one for reality, the orange one for soul, and the green one for time – though Strange was rather theatrical of the reveal of the last stone.
“Don’t fight it,” Peter mumbles. Tony knows what he’s doing, hugging Tony to create pressure that might help him calm down. Tony leans into the touch, grabbing onto the arms around him while he focusses on his breath once again. Breathe in, breathe out. Repeat that again and again.
“I can assure you that, if anything, Tony’s resourceful. He’ll find his way back home eventually.”
(is it obvious I'm very bitter about Nat's death in the movie? Because I am)
But he’s not Howard Stark. He won’t repeat his own father’s mistakes.
She has no idea how much time has passed when Loki wakes up. She hasn’t been paying attention to it, once again focused on the mission, only.
man who does the speech of confidence. Tony turns to Steve with an encouraging look.
“Did you feel qualified? Like you had any idea how to successfully operate that thing?”
That must mean that Wanda has left Vision’s side and decided it was time to help out on the field. It’s good for them, but it can only mean bad news for Shuri who is still working on a way to help Vision out.
the country-“
“At least now we both know not to use a stupid knife to kill Thanos,” the God of Mischief mutters quietly. Gamora frowns, though if she remembers Thor’s telling of what happened on that ship, Loki must have attempted to kill the purple giant.
But then Thanos is back. He grabs the gauntlet back with his hand and gives such a push that causes for Peter to stumble backwards. The others are all thrown aside. Seeing that Mantis is falling from way too high, Peter hurries towards her to grab her. He can’t let her fall.
Peter smiles wider. Feeling all eyes on him he clears his throat. “I love you, too.”
“We don’t want to kill you, but we will,” Natasha tells them with a deadly voice.
Tony manages a smile. His vision is getting a bit blurry with the tears forming in his left eye.
It sounds like some sick joke right now, especially when Howard’s not being a total ass about it.
He’s stopped when he hears a yawn next to him. Turning, he finds Drax standing next to a confused Mantis, his hands on his belt as he does exactly that.
“Lightning won’t help you, Thor. It’s gotta be me.” Bruce marches forward while keeping his gaze onto the gauntlet. Noticing Thor’s disappointed, heartbroken face, Tony puts his hand onto his shoulder and squeezes it once. He knows Thor still feels guilty about missing the mark back in Wakanda. He really thought he had him, but Thanos had outsmarted him.
It’s Mantis who answers: “Kick names, take ass.”
He feels Steve’s tears on the top of his head, dropping into his hair.
Hilde falls quiet. She has tried all she can not to think back of the invasion on the ship. She never allowed herself to think of Loki and Thor’s body just… drifting around in space, unable to arrive anywhere. Unable to be brought home and find peace.
“You okay?” Peter asks. Tony nods, letting go of Peter’s arm and stepping out of his embrace. Then Tony turns around, faces Peter with a serious look, and he takes a deep breath before he starts talking.
“How?” he asks.
“No, you actually survived,” he clarifies. “It’s a billion to one cosmic fluke, and now you wanna pull off a… what do you call it?”
The final chapter and the epilogue of this story are already written. All I just need are the parts between this chapter and the end :')
“Regardless, we only have enough Pym Particles for one round trip each, and these stones have been in a lot of different places throughout history.” Bruce is starting to wander around while he speaks. It’s what a lot of people seem to do.
“I should have stayed on that bus,” he mutters as a hatch closes on top of him, opening another one behind him.
The twentieth day, the last of their food is finished. It’s Nebula who offered him the last bid, despite his lack of appetite. He’s been trying to play games with her to find some distraction. While she’s had trouble understanding them at first, it seems like she’s got it all in her fingers now.
“Die, blanket of death!”
Natasha doesn’t say anything. There isn’t much left to talk about, after all. He knows as well as her that there’s a strong chance Tony might not return. And then to make it even worse he can’t even reach Peter. Even when he called May, she could only tell him that Peter hadn’t been home and that she was worried sick.
“I’ll do it!” Thor is quickly to step forward, only to be stopped by all the others at the same time. Thor seems confused about it, and the mess that his hair is doesn’t help with that appearance at all. Has he even slept at all? Or did he spend the entire night calling his wife and children again?
Oh, how things are complicated now. But at the same time, upon hearing this news, Asgard becomes delighted; after all, there’s an heir to the throne to be born. And sure, Loki might not have been Asgardian by blood, and neither is this girl, but it’s still the child of a prince of Asgard which is enough for the people to feel hope again.
“Right,” Bruce agrees to her words. “We had to attach each neuron non-sequentially.”
“Can you tell us where he is?”
“And the glowing lady?”
It’s been so long ago, but the words are still fresh in Steve’s head. Bucky’s using Steve’s expressions against him. He can’t help but smile, shaking his head fondly at his best friend before pulling him into a hug.
He closes the door behind him and heads back downstairs, where Steve is busy reading a book on the couch. The lights are dimmed, though it’s illuminated well enough for him to read. Tony passes him with a playful grin.
“Tony, look at me. You did it. We’re all going to be okay now.”
“Yep, got it,” Peter says when he’s done exactly as Tony told him to.
Peter sighs, looking down at his hands, where he’s holding a picture frame that had been on the nightstand. It’s one of the first pictures they took together back in Disneyland. They hadn’t been at the ‘dad’-phase yet, things were still a bit awkward, but that must have been close to the best day of his life.
He tries, and surely that’s what matters. But the words feel hollow, still.
“I have him,” Wong returns.
“It used to be. It isn’t anymore.” And those words seem to make it hard for Sam, who looks up into the sky when tears well up in his eyes. He tries to hold them back, like he doesn’t want to make this difficult for Steve.
“Time travel.”
Now, Tony can handle a lot, but having people treat his son like that? That’s a no-go in many, many forms. He jumps onto his feet and starts flying around Big to annoy him while at the same time hitting him with some of his lasers.
“Yeah, if your goal was to piss him off!”
Peter startles upon hearing Steve. He turns to find the man standing there, no longer holding the helmet. He looks… lively. That’s surprising, since he just lost his partner. He nods, saying a quick goodbye to his friends.
,” he hears FRIDAY say. She’s still active in the Compound and also the tower, despite the fact that they don’t live there, anymore. The AI is also present in the lakehouse, but only in Tony’s lab. That’s on Steve’s insistence, as a wish for at least a little bit of a normal life.
It’s a shame that it will have to end here.
“No, it didn’t. We lost track of her, again. Weird to imagine she had been on Earth all this time.” Nebula sighs as she glances at the picture of Yaël that has shown itself on her screen. While she has been one of her ‘siblings’ once, their time together wasn’t all that long at all. “But, Gamora kept track on her, yet she never told him.”
Steve looks up to the side. They’re still in the jet, the vehicle flying
Underneath the chunk of moon Peter can hear his dad groan. It’s probably from pain.
“Father, we will not fail you,” the female says, surprising Hilde.
“I was gonna go home-“
“And this suit is ridiculously intuitive by the way, so if anything it’s kind of your fault that I’m here.”
New York looks pretty much like he remembers it; people on the streets, children playing games. The cars look a lot different than Steve has grown used to. It’s familiar in a good sense.
Wanda shakes her head. “Nu-uh, our cellphones are shut off, and we’re having a nice vacation without any worries,” she counters. Vision stops walking, turning towards her with that breathtaking smile on his face.
The lab looks mostly deserted on first glance, which is good for him when he finally spots the thing he’s looking for.
“I couldn’t stop him,” Tony says. Steve shakes his head, sadly.
“I’m trying, he won’t come out.”
“Tell me what you feel?” he suggests, lowering his arm while leaning into her touch. Wanda hesitates only for a short second before understanding that this is Vision telling her she allows him to do this. She takes a shaky breath before pulling her hand back.
Peggy pulls away with wide eyes. “How did you know that?”
Peter is there. He might not be able to see him just yet, but Tony can and he’s looking exactly the way he saw him last time – minus the wounds on his face.
“What do you mean? He’s at the compound, isn’t he?” Bruce asks.
handle the disappointment, again.”
Despite the fact that this whole thing didn’t go down the way it should, Peter still feels relieved now that the giant is no longer here. It’s over. There’s no more imminent danger at this moment.
“Yeah, pretty neat, no?” Right when Bruce is about to respond, Tony’s flying up in the air, a grunt leaving his mouth.
Pepper takes a step forward, untying Tony’s hoodie he hung over his shoulders and then pointing at the middle of his chest.
The world slowly starts to find stability. While nobody finds peace with what’s happening, they’re making their way through the new world. The cities are all too large for the few amount of people that remain so it appears empty.
“Heads up!” Then Steve raises his hand and throws something at him. Something that Peter soon comes to realize is Mjölnir. As he grabs it through the web, he’s immediately pulled out of the pile of Chitauri and gliding through the air, until another pair of arms grab on to him.
“Then stop worrying about Peter. I’m sure he’s doing just great.”
Maybe the reason he’s no longer stopping the medics from healing him up is sitting right next to him. Steve is hurting, probably just as much as he is. He loved Peter as a son, as well. He just went into space – where Tony almost died – to try and bring him back. And while Tony isn’t surprised the mission wasn’t a success, he knows Steve is beating himself up for it.
“The field trip,” Peter explains, though his last word is more shouted when Big grabs Peter’s entire body in one hand and throws him over the park.
Peter finds his family seated in the living room. There’s Steve on the couch talking to May, the both of them obviously filled with grief. There’s a space between them, obviously meant for Peter. Behind them there’s Rhodey who is talking to Happy. The latter his holding his five-year-old
“How are you holding up?” she asks.
“And you look- what happened to your hair? Why is it all-“
Once it’s ready, Clint offers himself up to go for a test round. Tony has no idea what conversation happened back there, but at this point, Rhodey and Scott are discussing the probability of old time-travel movies and in what way they are bullshit. It’s not his deal. He watches Clint step up on the platform. Bruce takes control of the project, so Tony stays to the side. Next to Thor, who keeps on showing him pictures of his children with a happy smile.
Facing Mantis and Peter once more, he decides to ignore the fact that the girl is still jumping upside down. Meanwhile, Peter looks impatient to hear what Tony’s come up with. As Tony approaches him, Quill drops his device and follows him as well, clearly listening to what Tony has to say.
That’s not a thing Tony ever expected he would hear, but he does as he’s told. Aiming towards his past-self, Scott climbs up past-Tony’s arm. Seeing that he’s done here, Tony suits up again and exits the tower, so he can make it down on time.
The fingers come loose completely. He’s got it!
“Short,” Wanda says.
“They can’t stop him, Wanda, but we can.” Suddenly she’s pulled backwards again. “Look at me. You have the power to destroy the stone.”
“Oh, yeah.” Tony lowers his head and approaches him. He tries not to show his hesitancy, but he really,
“I think I know enough,” she laughs. “When should I expect a ring?”
“Eliminating the stone is the only way to be certain that Thanos can’t get it.”
“How ‘bout yours?”
mission.
Deciding to just play along, Tony nods. “Sure was,” he says. “That’s extortion. Great minds think alike. Juice pops, exactly was on… my mind.” Tony can’t help but glance another look at the model before he guides his daughter into the kitchen to get her the preferred drink. Afterwards, he guides her back to the bathroom to get her teeth cleaned, again, and then he gets her back to bed. With a napkin, he wipes off the toothpaste from Morgan’s mouth.
“I can’t,” she eventually says with a trembling voice.
Yeah, life was simple back then.
“Stark?”
Rather than answering, Thanos uses the last of his strength to manipulate the space stone, and disappears into another rift. Thor’s weapon drops down on the ground with a loud chunk, the sharp part of it covered with purple blood.
The lakehouse is where they live now. It’s large and has lots of open space. There’s a lake around it, obviously, and a forest as a backyard. Steve likes it here; it’s nice to draw nature around him, and sometimes he even catches some of the wildlife that he puts onto paper. He especially loves the garden, where he's grown a couple of good crops that keeps their plates and refrigerators filled.
Outside the window, in the deep dark of space, there’s the large ship from before. It’s a bit closer than before, and it’s obvious that they’ve opened fire.
It was probably only meant for Steve, but they’ve all linked their communicators. That’s how Tony knows Clint and Natasha have met up and are trying to get away with the glove. That’s how he knows Scott is trying to reach Rhodey, Bruce and Rocket, who are stuck underneath a large chunk of debris.
Thanos has trouble speaking. “My Gamora…?” Peter hears next to him. This is not good. Not good.
“Well, I’d substitute the word ‘encounter’ for damn well near been killed by one of the six Infinity Stones,” Tony counters, thinking back of Loki’s staff being pressed against his Arc Reactor, which ultimately had been the thing that saved his life. There have also been a couple of close calls with the Tesseract, but he figures he’s made his point well enough.
As if on cue, Strange comes flying by so fast Tony almost misses him. He sees Peter looking at him as well. He doesn’t look conscious, though.
Johnny, who is looking at his hands, takes a deep breath. “I don’t-“ he starts, only he disappears before he can say anything, further. Next to him, the same thing seems to happen to Gamora who had been holding on to her waist one second, and is touching her own face the next. It’s as if she’s trying to stop herself from dissolving, but she’s failing.
JARVIS, Vision has always been a bit more protective over Stark at some occasions. Some small parts of JARVIS are still inside of him, only Stark once described it as Pinocchio becoming a real boy who gets to live his own life.
But instead of rejoicing, the two start sobbing, instead, holding on to each other as the realization of what they’ve lost hits them.
“Tony, the stones are in the past. We can go back and get them,” Steve starts then. Tony shakes his head, not able to believe that they’re back on this. There’s just no way.
Nobody moves. Hilde has no idea who Raido is, though she’s betting he’s talking about the child.
“I know you’re probably very confused,” Tony starts, lifting his left hand as if to calm him down. There are no words Peter knows to speak. There’s nothing he knows to say, so he says nothing at all. He just stares at his Dad. If it even is his dad. It might as well be an imposter.
“Hey, uh, can I ask you something?” Steve asks. Rhodey startles upon being addressed all of a sudden, but then he nods as he offers him a sad smile.
“A story about- about Peter?”
All at the same time, the team arrives back on the platform, seemingly unharmed. All of them look a bit unsteady on their feet, especially Thor who is now also holding Mjölnir in his hand for some reason. Tony gives him a surprised look before making a headcount.
“Are you crazy?!”
It’s getting loose. They’re almost there. Peter tries to give it all he’s got, tries not to get too distracted.
“Are you okay?” Harry asks in worry. Peter can see Wanda and Shuri walking their way to join in the conversation. Meanwhile, as Pepper, Steve and Morgan walk back inside the house, Happy, May and Rhodey catch up with some of the others as well. Everybody’s really sullen. Peter sighs.
“Hello?” he asks.
Tony doesn’t even tell her to pick up, she knows automatically to just put him through.
Hilde meets Thor’s friend Erik Selvig not long after. The man is originally from Norway but relocated to America for his studies. He works for SHIELD as it turns out, but not all the time. The dark-haired woman that came with him also adds that he might have been crazy for a good part of a year. Hilde choses to ignore that part.
Bruce tears off his shirt and smacks his hands onto some stuff. Clearly embarrassed about the whole ordeal, the roar he lets out is less than convincing.
Peter can see Morgan cuddle closer to Pepper, who is seated next to May on the couch. Peter feels horrible for her; he’s used to death, but for Morgan this is a whole new thing. His little half-sister is just the same age Peter had been when he’d lost his parents. He knows more than anybody here how she must be feeling; confused, hurt. Lonely.
“What’s going on?” he asks when he goes through the door. But just as everybody has entered, Steve closes it again behind him. Almost like he doesn’t want the other guests to know about this. “Steve?”
“We’ve been hunting Thanos for three weeks now. Deep Space Scans, and satellites, and we got nothing.” Steve lowers his gaze for a moment, as if he’s hesitating. Tony notices it, immediately. “Tony, you fought him.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” the female says, giving Thor a smirk.
Steve looks down and chuckles. “I wouldn’t dare, I’m just pointing out what I saw.”
“Tony, please-“ At this point, Rhodey is the only one who dares to confront him. Even Steve keeps his distance while Tony is lashing out against his team. Former team? Tony doesn’t care anymore. Nothing matters, right now.
“Yes!” Peter shouts as he now has a stead grip on Strange. When the kid takes a look around, he takes in the new additions to his suit. “Wait, what are those?”
“Can you do it?” asks the young girl with a shivering voice as her accent breaks through, again. Shuri glances at her, her playful smirk suddenly disappearing as understanding dawns on her.
“We gotta coalesce. ‘Cause if all we come at him with is a plucky attitude-“
“I don’t think so, which is why you need to leave
“Something’s wrong,” Yaël breathes out. “Helen?”
“Wow, you are a seriously loyal piece of hardware,” Tony mutters out in a low voice, feeling as if the cape is looking at him despite it having no eyes.
There’s the axe doing a full Mjölnir on them and swinging in Bruce’s direction. Tony jumps up, pushing the scientist out of the way.
The other man – she needs to learn their names, damnit – almost starts to scream for his friend, who is taken along, but Hilde quickly slaps her hand against his mouth, shutting him up forcibly. They stay quiet, breathing heavily while the man starts sobbing silently.
It had been so comfortable and warm back then. Now, Tony finds himself shivering in the cold, unforgiving atmosphere of the spaceship.
“Not at the moment, no,” Strange returns, looking up at the strand of hair that seems to be moving as if wind is blowing inside. When they look up through the round window, they can see some sort of metal scraps flying by.
“Well, then we have to protect them,” Natasha points out. Steve sighs in irritation; of all the times for the X-Men to disappear it has to be now.
Steve nods.
“I’m happy for me, too,” Tony jokes. Then he nods at Sam. “Now, go be Captain America. Save some kittens from trees. Let these two old people enjoy their secret honeymoon.”
“Yeah, tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.” Peter frowns, giving Quill a disbelieving look. Tony should have known that Peter doesn’t take well to ill-spoken words about Thor. It’s incredible; despite being the kids father, it seems like, still, his favorite Avenger ever is Thor. Like Peter can’t wait to meet him, can’t stop gushing about how awesome it would be to fight alongside him.
“As in past tense. That trumps what you all need. It’s too late, Steve.” Tony stares in front of him, at the glass of water they’ve told him to drink. He hasn’t even touched it, yet. When he reaches out for it, he changes his mind and pushes everything off the table. Glass drops on the ground, and the others wince.
It takes a couple of minutes for him to return, but when he does, Steve looks sad.
Tony points at him with a nod, and Clint nods in return. The man looks tired, different from that carefree guy who loved to tease Peter all the time. Peter enjoyed spending time with Clint, Tony knows.
“That’s because I’ve been stuck in the Quantum Space for five years. Except it only felt like minutes for me,” Scott returns before he lifts his glass to his mouth. Everybody is wearing such thick coats, on such a warm day. Tony rolls his eyes and motions for Steve to take it off, which the super soldier does as he follows his daughter inside the house to greet her. He quickly returns with a wet face, meaning that Morgan must have splashed him with water.
“I know for a fact they were there, and I know how I know.”
He grabs the tesseract and puts it away, quickly trying to walk away. Especially when he hears the familiar voice of his own father only a couple of meters away from him. He freezes for a second when their eyes make contact, and then he quickly turns around to head the other direction.
“Something’s entered the atmosphere,” she says. Shuri lets out a curse.
Tony laughs sadly as he looks back down at the paper. He knows Steve is standing right next to him when he glances at the sheet as well.
They’re running, too many, too light. It can’t be Yaël or the Hulk.
And Peter cries again. Morgan cuddles up to him, also sobbing before Happy suggests taking her from him. Peter hands her over, walking towards Steve where the Super Soldier is still holding on to the helmet.
“Your belly?” is the first thing Loki asks. Hilde snorts despite herself. Of course, that’s the first thing the Prince of Asgard would ask about upon seeing his lover again.
When she’s gotten to her destination, she finds nothing more than what seems to be an escape pod, stuck in place. She catches her breath, already knowing who will be inside there. She knows who holds the Infinity Stone. The girl was once the same as her; a weapon Thanos used to destroy others. But she got out of his hold as quickly as she got in, and she managed to stay away for so long.
It’s like the thing is glued on there. They try to pull, so hard, but despite being subdued by Mantis he keeps on fighting against it. His hand tries to curl up to prevent it from slipping loose. But he hasn’t met Peter and Tony. They don’t give up. They can’t.
“Hey! Look at me!” she calls out. “What’s your name?”
“It’s not possible. You can’t- nobody can face him.”
“You saved nothing,” Skinny returns, suddenly sounding annoyed. “Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine.” Another large metal-looking thing – what is it, a container of some sort? – comes flying up behind Skinny.
The banter falls quiet. Steve hands Thor an extra earpiece so he can stay in touch with the rest of the Avengers. After the initial greeting, he hears the rest happily greeting him. It’s a good enough distraction, until T’Challa’s voice comes through the comms with the message to fall back.
They order some takeout, seeing that this isn’t working. It takes a little bit, but eventually everybody’s gathered together at the long table, snacking on their own bits of Chinese food. Except for the Hulk, who is eating his own brand of ice cream.
“Possibly.”
“Hide!” she hisses at the two men, and instantly she climbs up into the air-vent. She holds out a hand for the others to follow her. With a grunt, she gets him up.
Yeah, she’s smart, but that is going to mess with her mind, Tony’s sure of it.
Many things can happen in the span of five years.
“Head still vague over what happened up there?”
“Resurfaced. Some of them are still recovering from where-ever they went to,” Natasha says as she jumps out of the craft. Steve follows right behind her. “Others have arrived with the help of other Mutants.” She points in the direction of other crafts, where Steve can indeed see that it’s not just Wakandan soldiers out there.
“It worked, Tony,” Steve repeats Clint’s words. Tony nods, knowing that his eyes are red from upcoming, happy tears.
Steve is thrown aside as if he weighs nothing. T’Challa is caught midair and is punched in the face until he doesn’t get up. Sam empties his guns onto him, yet no bullet gets through. Instead, Sam drops onto the ground with his wings curled into a position they shouldn’t be.
“Are you about to tell me to look on the bright side?
Steve returns. It’s the most logical answer, but it doesn’t really seem like a realistic one.
“Yeah, now he wants to run,” Tony mutters. “Great.”
“Do you trust me?”
Howard smiles, obviously happy for him. “Hey, let me ask you a question. When your kids were born- were you nervous?”
“The idea of me was.”
He’s supposed to be a quick thinker, but this time it’s Karen who gives him a little nod in the direction.
While Yaël looks like she can’t wait to see who Hilde dragged along, it’s Dr. Cho who takes control right now. The moment the inner door has opened, she instructs Hilde to put the body down on one of the cots. Loki doesn’t weight that much, so Hilde doesn’t have too much trouble with it.
“With Wanda? But, you know where he is, right?” Bruce asks. Tony clears his throat.
Steve has no idea what Rhodey’s discussing with him but the conversation seems not so pleasant.
“Call out for the evacuation,” Thor says. Loki starts tapping against the screen, but when Hilde turns back around, she notices Yaël putting her hand on Loki’s to stop him.
There’s a tap on his shoulder, slightly hitting his neck. Alarms go up in Tony’s head as he holds up his hand, boosting up the repulsors, only to lower them down again when he sees it’s only the wizard’s magic cape.
Okay, reality check here. “There’s no way to get them back, Thanos destroyed the quantum tunnel.” Tony then hands out an extra earpiece to Peter, figuring that the one in his suit won’t be linked up to this particular channel after going to space. Peter takes it quickly, and then jumps back out there without another word. Tony watches him go, feeling nothing but pride towards his son.
“I think his kids drained the life out of him,” Rhodey jokes. He pokes the God in the side, and Thor startles as he wakes up, blinking in confusion around him.
Hilde glances upwards when her screen signals her that there’s an incoming message. Quickly, she presses the button to accept the call, hoping it’s from the people on their way to help them. When she tries to look outside, all she sees is darkness.
“All right, Stark, we go to him,” he agrees. There’s only a small feeling of victory going through Tony’s mind, though it doesn’t last for too long when Strange continues talking. “But you have to understand; if it comes to saving you, the kid, or the Time Stone? I will not hesitate to let either of you die.”
She doesn’t get far. None of them do. Tony only barely notices Bruce’s face come up in shock, and then there’s an explosion that blasts them all away. It’s loud, deafening, coming from all sides.
“Good. Just as long as we are all in agreement.” Immediately after that, thunder comes up in the sky as Thor’s eyes start glowing blue. He holds out his hands, waiting for Stormbreaker and Mjölnir to come to him from where-ever they are. Neither Steve nor Tony flinch as the lighting reaches Thor, right next to him, though Tony does feel his hair raise up a bit from standing so close to him.
“So,” Thor starts while summoning another bit of lightning. After he’s charged, he spreads it out over all the creatures around them until they all drop on the ground, giving them another few seconds of quiet. “Who is this mysterious lover of yours?”
Thor, Yaël and Hilde returned to New Asgard. The Asgardians were happy to see their King alive and well, but Thor is still guilt-ridden and hurt about everything that happened. Not long after his return, Jane Foster went to find him. Steve has no idea what she did, but she managed to make him feel less like… well, shit, to put it literally. In a moment of pure euphoria, Thor asked the astrophysicist to marry him, and there has been a large, Asgardian wedding they were all invited to. Steve had enjoyed it a bit, but both him and Tony were extremely aware of how Peter would have loved the festivities. They’ve excused themselves quickly after that and went back home.
Seeing the others all getting up and his past self letting out another stupid joke, Tony sees former Steve move until his back is at Tony, completely. Tony can’t help but snort, causing for his own Steve to ask him what’s wrong.
She had only been a child when she was taken by Thanos. By far not the first that was brought up there. The memory of her last day on her home planet is too vivid; she’s never returned ever since that day. She’s too ashamed to show herself there, again.
,” FRIDAY returns. Tony doesn’t turn to look how the parachute on Peter’s suit breaks out, pulling the teenager off the ship. He can vaguely hear Peter mutter ‘come on’ in his commlink, but he can’t pay too much attention to it.
Peter has no idea what’s going on. It’s almost like this is such a huge prank they’re playing on him, and he doesn’t find it hilarious at all if it is one. He doesn’t even want to go further in the house, to see what’s making Morgan so happy; Morgan is a five-year-old kid, she probably has no idea that one of her dads just died.
“I’m sorry, what did I miss?” asks the man as he jumps back on his feet. He grabs another can of coke, only to have it pulled out of his hands by Natasha when he passes her by.
“- but it was such a long way down-“
Tony’s eyes go onto the blue kind-of-light that
His voice starts breaking, emotions welling through. “Steve, I… I was hoping to pull off this one last surprise… But it looks like… Well, you know what it looks like. I mean, it’s probably for the best. After Peter… I don’t think I can anymore, Steve. I don’t have it in me.”
“Why you up?” she asks curiously. Tony points at the desk behind him.
“And Pepper?” Surely she must have some words about Tony’s disappearance, right?
Hilde only barely arrives at the escape pods, where she sees the two people she already sent there earlier still typing down furiously on their screens.
I had nothing, until I met Clint, and you guys. It made me all better, and I- I’m still trying to be… better.”
His words are quickly cut off by a grunt. Steve tries to look around and find the Android, but there’s nothing to be seen.
When she sees that there’s nobody around, she lowers her hands, loosens the fists and turns to Yaël. There she notices the panicked look she’s expressing.
That way, there’s less chance of being seen. They’ve discussed this.
Wait, that’s it! FRIDAY!
Once the wreath has floated away until it’s out of sight Pepper gets back onto her feet. She rubs at her eyes, taking Morgan’s hand into her own as she walks away, back towards the crowd of people. She doesn’t look at anybody, merely holds on to her daughter as she starts walking back inside her house.
“I’m sorry, Dad,” he says.
“Are you okay?” she asks when he lets out another painful grunt. She needs to get him out of here. “What? What is it?”
Gamora can see it on his face that he didn't expect her. He moved automatically, defending himself before he could see who his attacker was. The moment he notices Gamora dropping on the ground, his eyes widen. Only for a short moment. In front of all these people, he can't show too much emotion.
“There you go. Are you thinking about lunch? I can give you a handful of crickets on a bed of lettuce.”
“I got it,” he says. “There’s another way. To retake the Tesseract and acquire new particles. We’ll stroll down memory lane. Military installation, Garden State.”
Tony scratches his chin. If
But then the hold loosens, and Steve notices a blade sticking out of the creature’s chest. The guy grunts out in pain and surprise, and not soon after he’s lost consciousness. He’s thrown aside by Vision, who’s clearly struggling to stay upright and is using all of his strength to stand there. His entire body is shimmering, even when he drops forward on the ground. Steve stops him and helps him sit up against a fallen tree.
Oh, he’s being funny now, is he? Tony reaches out for him and takes Steve’s hand into his own. He knows that Steve is the one who brought Nat and Scott to him, but he also knows that he’s not going to push him into doing something he doesn’t want.
That’s Steve who stops him from talking, and Tony snaps back at him through his teeth, feeling his face heat up in his anger.
Skinny makes another lame movement with his hand, which turns out not to be so lame when Tony suddenly sees something large flying behind him. Shit, one hit from that and he might actually hurt himself.
“Peachy,” Yaël answers bitterly.
Hilde seems to have enough of it. “Now that we all know each other, does anybody know how we’ll get out of here? The pod is no longer functional, so we’re stuck.”
“I can’t help everybody,” Tony counters. He doesn’t know what he’s doing here. Maybe he’s trying to find a way to talk himself out of it, but he can’t help but be curious about the result he created a couple of meters away from him.
Behind Quill, Drax disintegrates as well. He calls out for his leader once before he dissolves, only to end up scattered in the air. Quill quickly turns towards Tony, as if to ask for an explanation.
“The second quadrant,” Hilde says. “I need you to take everybody there. Somebody’s waiting for them.”
“We won, Dad. We won. We won, you did it. You did it.” Peter is sobbing through his words, leaning forward and hugging him in his sadness. Tony wants to return the gesture, but he just can’t do much else other than lifting his left arm and putting it on Peter’s back for a couple of seconds.
“My brother,” Odal interrupts with a shaky voice. Hilde nods.
“See him down there?” Tony asks, pointing at Strange. Peter nods, squatting down while he tries to take in what he sees. “He’s in trouble. What’s your plan? Go.”
“Tony, you okay? How we doing, good? Bad?”
“Alright, fanboy, quit dreaming and let’s get out of this thing.” He nods towards the exit, or entrance, or just the random hole that has been created as they broke the ship by hitting something else. Peter nods quickly, sprinting outside before Tony can even stop him.
Tony stands still in front of Peter, studying the familiar face that is looking back at him. His hands go onto Peter’s shoulders and just for a second he feels the strong urge to fuck this whole plan and go home anyway. Or just close enough so that Peter can
Tony meets some old friends.
All she hears is a painful shout, followed by the cries of an infant. Somebody begging for something to stop. Gamora almost wonders if it’s she who’s crying, but she has no idea at this point. Somebody’s still fumbling with her wound, where the knife must have been pulled out. There’s pressure on it, but that won’t stop her from dying.
Jarvis looks so young here. His hair is still brown, his face still a bit on the pale side. His hair is longer, and he has those sideburns that Tony has never seen on him before. He gets out a muttered goodbye to his Father, and then Howard walks off to his own car.
Tony gives him another look. “Gotta say, I’ve been missing that giddy Avenger optimism a bit.” Steve rolls his eyes. Tony goes to sit down on the chair behind him.  “However, high hopes won’t help if there’s no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise.”
Gamora feels frozen in place. It’s rare for Gamora to be looked at like this. With disgust.
But Scott is already on him with a counter answer as he sits down on the chair next to Tony’s. “Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sport events-“
Yaël is quiet after that. Hilde has no idea what’s happening, but she bets it’s another hug or something. The carrier of the Asgardian heir is quite the hugger, after all.
“Assemble.”
“Alright people get off your lazy asses, we’re under attack and we need to leave
we fail. I won’t be able to handle that.”
“Neither could I.” Then he looks back at the ship, as if he’s waiting for one more person to come down.
“We are.” Susan sounds sad and she looks over at her younger brother. Hilde knows the boy is good friends with the young Stark-boy.
“Tony, you’re sick,” Rhodey warns him. Another reminder that his mind isn’t quite right. But that gives him all the more reason to finally vent his heart to the people that were supposed to be his team.
so real! So I thought, ‘maybe Steve is on the same page’, no? Maybe, somehow, our minds melted together in a way this night and we were shown something we both want or need, no?”
“I got this, I got this,” Peter tells himself, only to realize: “Okay, I don’t got this. Help! Somebody, help!”
“I said: Rhodey, Sam and I will stay out here to stand guard. You get in with the others, maybe weapon up a bit?”
“Well, if it’s a boy, my wife like Elmonzo.”
But Sif does not cry. She stands strong, assuring Hilde that she will look out for Asgard until Thor’s return. Because she is certain that he will be back; he’s not taken out so easily.
he here, then?” Yaël asks. Then she gives Loki a short look, disappointment suddenly clear on her face. “Loki, you didn’t-?”
Pepper catches up to him rather quickly. They’re back to back, circling around each other and using their own individual beams to protect one another.
“I promise,” Yaël agrees, at last. Hilde sighs in relief when Yaël gets on her feet and lets out a deep breath. “I should pack up some stuff… for the baby, just in case…”
“No,” she returns. She can’t do that. They’re not there, yet! She turns back to look at her teammates.
“Has he left?” the mother asks as she guides Hilde back inside. The Valkyrie sits down on the couch after clearing it of some toys. There’s a TV playing in the background, showing Hilde some sort of program for kids. Once Raido is put back on the ground, he goes to sit down right in front of the TV with the fingers of his left hand in his mouth. Hilde gives it a strange glance before looking away.
They did it. They actually did it. Sure, they’re not out of danger, just yet, but just the fact that Peter is here… At this point, Tony doesn’t think there’s anything that can stop him, now.”
Yet, nothing happens. It’s quiet, the battle in Wakanda seemingly having stopped for some reason. The winds keep on blowing eerily. The animals are silent. The downed Avengers all slowly get back up on their feet to see what’s happening.
Hilde lets out a deep breath. While she enjoys the company of Sif, she’s more of a distraction than anything else. They’ve had their fun nights together, and Hilde wouldn’t mind having more of them, but the most important thing right now is the child.
“You stupid bastard,” Rhodey mutters. “Don’t ever do that again, you hear me?”
“What, you expect me to carry a ring on me, right this second?”
Steve grits his teeth together, feeling the strong urge to start crying on the spot but instead doing everything he can to hold it in. He’s aware he could be crushing Natasha’s finger under his grip. He can’t really stop it. It’s the only thing keeping him from slamming his fist against the walls of the Quinjet.
He quickly presses the call-button before his thoughts go too deep. Then he lifts up the phone to his ear. A quick lick of his lips is enough to make him realize that he’s nervous.
She pushes herself off the wall and heads to her own assigned bedroom. She doesn’t own much, but enough for at least two weeks. The bag she carries is large enough for it, but she grabs a separate bag and fills it with rations and foods. There are ready-made bags in there as well for cases almost like these, so Hilde grabs two of those bags as well.
Gamora’s vision blurs for a little while. The woman hovering over her keeps on talking, screaming for help, but there’s nobody coming. The woman in the silver suit is still knocked out. Loki and Yaël are stuck with their newborn.
“If he doesn’t know why I’m here, why
“Let them go,” they hear him say as they enter the hallway. Hilde holds on to Yaël’s arms as they run towards the escape bay.
Yaël nods, looking ahead with a worried expression in her eyes. Hilde isn’t too sure what to say further about it. To be fair, she’s barely aware of what this supposed ‘stone’ is that this girl has absorbed, but she knows it’s strong and supposedly gave her the powers she’s currently possessing.
Understanding what’s going on, Helen decides to put the child down on the other bed. It turns out her instinct was right, as she disappears only a few seconds later. The one who follows her is the stone-skinned man. After that, it seems to stop.
Eventually the door opens. And seeing Peggy standing there, Steve realizes that he has no idea what he’s doing. What was his plan? To just show up? Tell her he’s still alive, that she should just move on?
“So what’s your name?”
Natasha and Steve walk up to where the King and Okoye are standing. She gives him an apologetic look, but Steve is glad that she took the lead. Bucky catches up to them and comes to stand on his right. Where Steve would have expected Nat to stand to his left, she, instead, goes next to Bucky.
Thanos’ patience has been tested enough today. He offered her food, and Gamora threw it across the room until it landed onto his ugly chair. She gave out on him, vented out her heart, and yet he’d stayed calm and kept on talking to her as if she were his most precious daughter.
“Well, Phil, Son of Coul, what can I do for you?”
Rhodey, who has his arms crossed at the side, gives him an unimpressed look. “Coca Cola?”
“Wanda, it’s time.” It’s clear he’s made his mind. Wanda shakes her head.
Steve thinks about all the things that have happened over the past few years, and he and Nat come to find an unexpected surprise.
“I didn’t lose him! I know where he is, there’s no need to worry about that. We just- we can’t
God, he had forgotten how easily distracted he always gets. Especially when it’s about him.
Tony approaches him, trying his best to keep his voice from shaking but failing miserably. “Son, you’re alright?”
“Ear-nose-throat meets rabbit from a hat.” Tony shudders at the thought of him. “Bleecker Street.”
“It’s your birthday gift. From two years ago. Surprise!” Tony can hear her laugh in his ear. Never, ever in his life did he expect to be on a battlefield with this person. Pepper’s always been the ‘normal’ part in his life; the one that never wanted anything to do with this, despite having the ability to do so with her heritage. While she tolerated Iron Man, she more wished for Tony to just put down the suit for ever.
Normally, he would be home right now. He would have told Aunt May and Tony about his field trip from school. He would talk excitedly about almost finishing his last high school year and discuss the project he’s been working on for class. And maybe, Tony would call in Bruce and the three of them would work on it, together. But they couldn’t make it too good, because then the others in class would hate him for being an overachiever.
“Somewhere under all this.” Tony sighs while looking back over at Thanos. How is he even here? Didn’t Thor kill him back in space? “All I know is he doesn’t have them.”
“You’re not listening at all, are you?”
“You’re right,” Steve agrees. Then he lets out a deep breath; better get on with it. “I’m thinking of joining Tony. In that whole ‘retirement-‘business. Looks like a lot of fun.”
At first, she doesn’t seem to want to pay too much attention to the men. She’s reading into her magazine, barely even looking up as they enter. But, after a while, Tony catches her looking up. Realizing that Steve’s face is probably easily known, he takes a step forward to shield him away.
Then there’s just colors, lights. Much like the first time he did this. It’s once again strange, but by now he’s come to expect it. And so he starts with his task of returning the stone, beginning with the scepter, followed by the Time-Stone. The Soul-stone is a bit harder since it means he has to put it back into Yaël’s unconscious body, but for some reason the stone seems to know exactly what to do as it gets absorbed right back. Good.
Whatever it is that hit her, it’s still weightless. When she grabs for it to turn it around, she stops upon the sight of a green-colored cape. The last time she saw this one was…
“Dude, calm down. If we don’t try, no-one else is going home, either,” Clint counters.
And then there's a funeral
“That bastard,” she mutters, speaking in the same accent Thor did. “I can’t believe he got the best of me like that.”
“Hey, honey, uh,” Tony starts. There’s some sort of heavy sound around him, but he blames it on the noise through the phone. “Where are you now?”
“Wildly, yeah,” Tony lies.
“I became a grandmother four years ago, and I can’t even tell my husband about it.”
There are only one or two people they come across. They get a few curious looks due to the fact that it looks like a girl of twenty is walking around with a man in his forties. They don’t care; they both know better than that, after all.
“That reveals a lot. Anyway, he kept on saying that she couldn’t take me, that it would make someone he cared about really sad. You think those two are exclusive? Because she didn’t really seem to mind that he might have liked someone else.”
“I just wish he would call,” Steve admits. Natasha sighs.
Hilde looks at the ones remaining. On everybody’s faces, there’s nothing but utter shock. There’s not even time for tears, as everything happens so quickly. The baby, Raido, as Loki called him, starts crying. Nobody heads his way, all of them frozen into place by everything that’s happening.
T’Challa starts giving out orders. Steve decides to come along with him. He’s followed by Natasha and Bruce, while the others remain inside to help start with the extraction of the Mind stone.
“Yes,” Loki says. “But the thing about this stone is that Thanos cannot sense this one, while he can sense the others. He has no idea it’s here, and we need to keep it that way.”
“I consider experience, experience,” he returns. “Almighty Thanos. I, Loki, Prince of Asgard…”
“Speaking of loyalty.”
“No, everything's just fine,” Steve sighs in relief. “Don’t you just love the view?”
“Your brother. What we need to do right now is get the second quadrant of this ship ready, do you understand?”
“Hey! You might wanna put that Time Sone in your back pocket, Doc!” he shouts. Strange slams his arms together until some weird orange circles appear around it.
“Hmmm?”
Whatever they know of the stones is put together in the files. FRIDAY keeps every bit of data they can come up with, but Tony also has her dig through SHIELD’s old data files. Ol’ Nick Fury would turn in his grave, had he not been turned into dust, instead.
“So you helped him kill half the universe, instead?!” she gets in return. The woman approaches her in her fury, but suddenly she stops in her tracks, her eyes lowering down to the wound Gamora is holding on to. It’s an unconscious move she made, as if she’s trying to protect the new wound her adoptive father put on her.
Steve thinks it over. Clearly, he doesn’t seem to be too excited about that idea. “When were they both there?”
Now Vision takes Wanda’s face gently into both his hands. “Only you have the power to pay it,” he tells her. Wanda yanks herself out of his touch, walking away from him in distress. “Thanos threatens half the universe. One life cannot stand in the way of defeating him.”
“Gotcha,” he mutters out. He grabs a suitcase from underneath a stack of paper, and then forms his Iron Man gauntlet to burn through the enclosure. Once it opens up, he lets out a sigh of relief. “Back in the game.”
“Garage.” Morgan puts her hands on her shoulders and swings her body from one side to another playfully. With the garage, she more means Tony’s workshop. It’s not as big as the one he had in the tower – he’s also rarely in there, anymore. This particular suit he’s working on has been taking up little of his time, since he’s been spreading out the project over the past few years.
Oh, was this not the plan? Peter was pretty sure that he had to wait for an impact to jump into action.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And Sam and Bucky can be your best men, and Peter and Rhodey’ll be mine. And Morgan obviously will be the flower girl.”
There’s a heartbeat. It’s faint, and slow, but it’s there. For the first time in a long while, Hilde cries. It’s in happiness, rather than sadness. She’s so glad that she doesn’t have to return to the pod with bad news.
!” She quickly looks back at the screen. Shield capacity is only at twenty percent now. That’s not enough.  “Move it people, come on!”
Rhodey keeps on trying to stop him, while at the same time pressing a tissue against the puncture wound where Tony just ripped out the IV.
alive! There had been fear that he hadn’t made it after his defeat in space.
“Okay, okay, uh…” he mutters. Then suddenly he jumps back up to look at Tony with a smile on his face. “Okay, you remember when we watched that movie Aliens?”
Steve gives her a long look. “You are,” he tells her, but Natasha drops another tear and lowers her gaze.
She sighs once more. This must have been the third time the question is asked, each time by a different person wearing the same black outfit. All men, too. Though this one seems different. There’s something about him something in his expression.
. We lost. And you weren’t there. But that’s what we do, right? Our best work after the fact? We’re the Avengers, not the Prevengers.”
“No, no, no. There’s no other options. There’s no do-overs. We’re not going anywhere else. We have
Alright, his mind is working again.
“FRIDAY?”
“Rhodey-“
She must have passed out, she’s sure of it. By the time her eyes open again, Thanos has gone. The lights in the pod are muted. Somebody is crying. When Gamora tries to sit up, she finds that the wound in her belly still hurts like crazy.
Hilde squeezes her shoulder, knowing what she’s talking about. Or rather, who she’s talking about. To be fair, she knows close to nothing about the girl’s relationship with Loki, but she figures there must have been something there.
But it takes a few more of his insistence before something finally seems to happen. Both Pierce as Thor look down to past-Tony, who has dropped the case. It’s being pushed over to him, where Tony grabs a hold of it and tries to walk away.
Hilde thinks she’s heard of these people. She only remembers them thanks to the rock-skinned man and the teenager completely on the left. She’s heard a bit about Johnny Storm in the past, though not much. Yaël has metioned him once or twice.
“Okay.” Steve wasn’t going to get bored. Steve had a tablet with JARVIS on it and a recon mission to finish. “See you later.”
Steve opened his eyes. He was clean and under the covers, alone in the guest bed. It was still fully dark. He’d heard footsteps walking away from Tony’s bedroom. Tony was up again.
“Show-off. Using serum-enhanced reflexes is cheating, you know.” Tony’s phone vibrated in his pocket. “That’s my five-minute warning. Do me a favor and finish my leftovers.”
,” Peter whispered even more quietly. He cleared his throat and stood up as tall as possible. “Steve. Okay. Nice to meet you, Steve. Let me know if you need anything else. Or, I guess, let JARVIS know, and he’ll let me know? Or I could give you my phone number? Or--”
Steve's lips twitched. He folded his arms and looked in the general direction of where he thought the room's camera was. "Did Tony put you up to that, or is that your own idea?"
“Of course not, that would be petty and dramatic. I’m going to have them dry-cleaned, then send the bill to Fury.”
“Hey.” Steve leaned against the doorway. “Bad dreams?”
By the time Tony emerged, there was a wet spot on Steve’s briefs over the bulge of his erection. Tony raised his eyebrows and Steve went red all the way to his navel.
Tony hit the controls for the flippers a few times, waving them idly back and forth. “Were you bored today?”
“Oh my god,” Peter whispered, as they shook hands. “I mean. Nice to meet you, Captain Rogers.”
"It's--don't touch the reactor, or the skin right next to it. Please."
in the same half second and got stuck between them.
“JARVIS, where is Tony now?”
Still working on this! I think the next chapter won't take as long to get ready because I've got most of it written, but I'm treating this like a very low-stress project that happens when it happens, so I'm hesitant to make promises. Thanks to all of you who are sticking with it!
“Oh, hey, Steve.” Bruce waved awkwardly, then looked at his hand like he wasn’t sure what it was doing.
Steve sucked again, adding a scrape of teeth this time, and Tony’s hands tightened on his wrists. He inhaled sharply as the feeling of being restrained triggered a reflexive burst of heightened awareness. His nerve endings all woke up at once.
“This unit is designated Peep,” JARVIS said. “Peep was originally intended to greet visitors in the lobby, but turned out to be, for lack of a better term, shy. Sir felt it was best that Peep have a more limited interaction with the public. Peep maintains order in the penthouse, to the degree that such a thing is possible.”
“Please, call me Steve.”
“Well, of course it doesn’t,” Tony said, his voice only a little unsteady. “Your fear response is
Steve set the tablet carefully onto the table. There was nothing and nobody to fight here. The attackers were long gone, and the damage long since done.
He turned away fast, a little afraid of how much he liked it. It wasn’t safe to get used to this, to rely overmuch on Tony’s generosity. He couldn’t stay in the Tower forever, in self-imposed exile; someday the world would need to be saved again, and Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to ignore it if someone needed his help. He would need to put on the suit and lift the shield, no matter how heavy it felt.
“Trying to get out of busing the table?”
“What? Sorry, JARVIS, I didn’t catch that.”
“That’s the idea,” Tony said, a little breathless. He’d taken in the head of Steve’s cock and was moving a slick hand along the rest, getting it coated with lube before rocking down experimentally. “Hold still.”
“Yep. I heard you were embracing the power of home shopping delivery and wanted to see the results. This your old stuff? Fantastic,” Tony said, stuffing Steve’s old SHIELD clothes into one of the paper bags last night’s take-out had come in.
“Sand, caves, drowning.” Tony shrugged, jerky and quick. “The usual.”
on it. Steve slammed the headboard into the wall hard enough to dent the plaster.
. “Peter.”
“Only the little death.” Tony shifted his hips experimentally, finding a new angle, and Steve choked on nothing. “Maybe a few little deaths, depending.”
If Tony wanted to buy him a new wardrobe, well, Steve knew Tony could afford it. “Okay. Thanks, JARVIS.”
Steve put his old pants and shirt back on, figuring that would be more appropriate than answering the door in a blanket toga. He ate some leftover noodles at the kitchen bar, contrasting the perfect quiet of the penthouse with the noisy, disorderly SHIELD mess where he’d last eaten lunch. Steve had usually eaten alone at the emptiest table he could find, after a few disastrous attempts to sit with other agents had led to stilted, carefully polite conversation. It didn’t matter that Steve wasn’t in the agents’ actual chain of command; he still got treated like an officer.
The cafeteria was set up like a massive cafe, with a few different long counters and a lot of tables, large and small, scattered around an open space with a bank of windows serving as one wall. There were potted plants and comfortable armchairs breaking up the expanse of tables. Tony steered Steve to a two-person table near the windows.
“I know, I’ve seen the pictures,” Steve called. He looked around the kitchen, thinking vaguely that he should make something to drink. He was copying Tony's moves, Steve realized; and, well, why not? Steve had certainly ended that first night more relaxed than he’d started. Even if they skipped the orgasms after, a drink was a good place to start.
“You sure are,” Steve agreed mildly, and re-opened his sketchbook. He kept his head down and his pencil busy until the sounds of welding started up again. This time, once Tony was safely distracted by his work, he flipped the page and started sketching Tony instead, trying to capture the deft grace of Tony’s fingers and the focused calculation in his eyes.
He scuffed his bare feet against the hallway as he left his room, not wanting to sneak up on Tony. The atrium was dark, but there was enough ambient light to see Tony sitting on one of the couches. He looked up when Steve came into the room.
He didn't move like a fighter, but like a dancer, all quicksilver turns and expressive gestures. There was strength in the spread of his shoulders, his surprisingly muscular biceps, the tight curve of his ass. He moved whenever he talked, communicating with his whole body. Steve could never quite predict when Tony was going to lean in, elbows on the table and fork stabbing forward for emphasis, and when he was going to relax back into his chair, satisfied his point had been made.
The elevator doors closed on the rest of Peter’s sentence. Steve stared at the doors bemusedly before turning to the rack of clothes. He started re-arranging the hangers, sorting from reasonable picks (soft t-shirts, flannel button-downs, warm sweaters, plain collared shirts that could go under a suit jacket) on the left, to things he thought were probably pranks (a turtleneck with a big faux-fur poof at the collar, a suit coat with a metallic gold sheen, a pair of skin-tight jeans with so many rips Steve was sure they’d fall apart if he tried to wash them) on the right. He’d sorted through most of it by the time the elevator opened and Tony sauntered out.
“I’m going to get ready,” he said, “and you’re going to wait for me just like this.”
want to take your pants off.”
It was four, in the end, which was good enough for Tony to finally let himself go and come on Steve’s heaving chest, but he had a worryingly analytical look that made Steve think he wasn’t getting away with not breaking his record for most orgasms in a night for very long. It was hard to worry about it. Steve passed out before Tony even finished cleaning them both up, asleep as soon as he knew Tony didn’t need him for anything else.
Steve thought
“Okay.” Steve looked around the workshop. It was full of so many interesting and mysterious things that Steve didn’t know where to start, but for his current purposes, the couch against one wall was all he needed. “You got pen and paper I could borrow?”
Tony raced to the restaurant, loving the feeling of the wind rushing through his feathers and hair. Thankfully there were not that many people out on the sidewalk so he didn’t have to worry about crashing into them and royally embarrassing himself. He made it there quickly, was seated, and more or less blanked out as he robotically inhaled his beloved carbonara. He swore that no other restaurant did it as well as this one, and he would stand by that until the day he died. Once he was done with his carbonara massacre and had chugged a sufficient amount of water, there was no point in lingering around so he quickly paid the check and was on his way.
real, maybe every cloud did have a silver lining after all. Even in the dark light, Tony could make out a pair of pure white wings protruding from a muscular back, which was attached to a broad pair of shoulders, which were attached to bulging biceps, which were attached to lovely forearms, which were attached to beautiful artist hands with long fingers—
“There was also that one time when I was helping you reorganize in your lab, turned my back for ten seconds, heard you scream, and then looked back to find you bleeding, having sliced your hand open on an X-Acto knife.”
Halfway through the movie, through yet another killer, airborne dance scene that Tony was convinced he’d break every bone in his body if he attempted, he heard a faint “huffing” sound. At first he thought it was Sirius, but when he glanced down at the pup he was just snoozing away without a care in the world. That left… “Are you laughing?” Steve turned to look at him with unconcealed mirth in his eyes.
" He threw some air-quotes up with his hands. "Which means without my input, and Pepper says it would be a good idea to stay out of that meeting, at least to save face. It just sucks because that's the day before they vote on it." Tony's screen shuffled around a bit before settling down again, pillows behind him. Steve could tell he was in bed now too.
“When he moved to the compound, he said he’d miss you. Even after everything happened, he sent you a whole damn phone just to reach out to you. He tried calling and texting you nonstop until you finally came to your senses and started working on the New Hero Deal. All I’m saying is, maybe he’s trying. Maybe that’s the only way he knows how to communicate with you. Maybe he is so confident and friendly with the others because he doesn’t feel the same way around them as he does around you. I mean, sheesh Tony - the man had
“Sir assured me that you would be on the same mission he is, as yours is an exact mirror universe to ours. There should be no deviancy in your actions from his. He asked me to not interfere with your work, and to treat you as I would treat him. I had to override my protocols when it seemed that Mr. Rogers was in danger.”
"That's understandable." Tony let go of Steve's hand and picked up his phone, pulling up a contact and texting it to Steve's number. "I have a great therapist. Don't feel any pressure to use her, but she's very good and keeps everything confidential. She's used to high profile clients, and if you don't feel comfortable with her, she has a hand picked list of colleagues she can recommend." Tony put his phone away and picked up Steve's hand once more. "I hope I'm not overstepping here. I'm sorry about the cigarettes. Seriously, I won't be offended, I can get rid of them if you want."
Steve got up early, packed his things and started heading towards Los Angeles. He remembered the traffic from yesterday and wanted to get a head start, as Jarvis said it could take a couple hours to get there.
"It's not a big deal, come on." Steve nudged him to the dance floor. His eyes looked determined, but the light sheen of sweat on his brow gave away how nervous he was. They couldn't back out now, not when this sting had taken months to plan, and weeks of dedication to their fake identities.
"Jealous?" Bucky smirked as he picked up empty takeout boxes.
"It was a lot of fun. Thank you for teaching me." Steve would learn every style of dance in the world if it meant it would make Tony this enlivened again.
Steve chuckled as the list grew longer. He figured Tony had met his CEO, Pepper, downstairs and was probably talking to her on the way to wherever they were going, as his list started getting more practical (likely thanks to Pepper) and more ridiculous (probably Tony joking around.)
“Stop!!” Tony laughed breathlessly. “Stop, stop! You’ll make me pee!”
NSFW chapter
It was a little weird to hear a familiar voice so suddenly. But he did choke up a bit, he didn't think he'd get any calls today.
Steve thought about it for a second. Yeah. He supposed he was happy. Though lately, it was getting hard to sleep at night again. He'd lay out under the stars sometimes, wondering if he'd ever feel at home anywhere again. Even when he'd visited Brooklyn before Loki's attack, he had felt like a tourist in his own hometown.
The same photo that he almost accidentally deleted as he startled at a knock on his door. His phone fumbled and dropped to the floor.
love him. If they gave it a chance.
Would Tony really fly out to halfway across the states just for some breakfast? Steve wondered; as much as he loved the freedom of the open road, it would be nice to see a familiar face. Lord knows those were hard to come by in his position. Deciding that Tony must be exaggerating, he send back a text.
"Hm." Steve didn't want to hold anything back, it was important for him to be completely honest. "At first I didn't know. When SHIELD found me, I mean. That's sort of why I went on that cross-country trip. I wanted to see who I was as a person, where I fit in, if anywhere, if I even belonged in this world anymore. I missed the time I grew up in so much, and felt so alone when I first woke up. I wanted to see if it was even worth it to stick around."
Steve thought, and got a little chuckle out at that, which made Tony smile. Steve felt okay now, actually he felt exhausted. Like he'd just finished running a marathon before the serum, so he decided to let his drooping eyes fall down.
All of Tony's brains flew out the window. He stared at the V of muscle peeking out right above Steve's hips, and had to use every ounce of willpower to stop himself from finding out what it tasted like under his tongue.
"Yes?" Steve looked up at Tony. Wait.
“Yep. That’s my ride.” Tony stood. Steve helped him strap all his bags back on, so he wouldn’t leave anything behind.
"Then you'll just have to teach me everything before then." Steve pulled off Tony's jacket, throwing it on a chair nearby, and pushed a few pillows behind them, getting comfortable on the bed. "Alright, professor. Where do we start?"
why we’re here. Because when we’re here, we know where we stand, we know who we trust, and we know it’s all thanks to you.
"I'd love that, Tony. I can't wait." Steve's smile radiated though his words, and Tony let out a tiny sigh of relief. "But you don't have to be delicate with me. I do want to talk about it, if that's okay. You've helped me out so much. You're a great friend, I'm so lucky to have you."
“I know.” Tony said. “But...like when you stopped coming here.” They looked back to the patio furniture, reminding them both of countless afternoons spent going over paperwork, studying strategy, joking, laughing, doing nothing and talking about everything. “I know, looking back, that you were busy taking down Hydra. And then you were needed at the compound. And then you were looking for Bucky. But for a little while there - before all that - it felt like...like you and I were special. Like we meant a lot to each other. Then, when you moved, and you stopped coming...it's like I was losing you. Then I
"So maybe his hammer is just really, really heavy and that's why none of us can lift it." Clint pondered.
can watch, and if I have to see another damn spoiler I’ll-”
“Hey, where’s all my stuff? You didn’t leave it upstairs, did you?” Tony finally turned to look at the stunned supersoldier. “Are you okay?” He sped over to Steve, who had gone pale in the face. He reached out, taking Steve’s hand in his. “Sunshine, you’re scaring me. What’s wrong?” Tony looked up and searched Steve’s eyes.
By the time Steve decided to stick his hand out to the elevator buttons, it was too late. The doors opened to Tony's penthouse, and Jarvis informed him that he tried to let his creator know that Steve was here, but to no avail, Tony was too engrossed in his work to respond. He walked over to the kitchen/bar slowly, eyeing the gorgeous and expensive looking decor on the way. Every little detail was perfect, as if it hadn't all been destroyed by a god only months ago. A little too perfect. Not a thing out of place, or a speck of dust to be found, as if it was all staged, as if no one lived there. Steve wondered if Tony ever even used this area. Deciding that Tony likely wouldn't eat today without some intervention, he got to work heating up the leftovers, plating everything, and placed it all on a TV tray he found neatly folded in the pantry.
"N-no...not gentle..." Steve begged as he heard Tony getting ready, wanting to be manhandled, wanting to feel every inch of his man.
"Yeah, usually
This wasn't a battlefield. He was in a room. What was this room? Had he been here before? He heard another faraway pop and bang, and saw colorful lights scattered on the wall. Swinging around to the window, he caught the last of the lights fading in the sky through the blinds. Fuck. Fireworks.
"Baby, what i want you to know is, that I'm in this for the long haul, if you feel the same way, that is. I mean, if you're okay with that..." He gripped Tony's hands a little tighter, hoping he wasn't making a fool of himself, so head over heels already.
"Yeah." That sounded right. Home. "Get me home, Shellhead."
would be the bad influence for once. He put on his most mischievous grin, and held Tony close. “Why don’t we take today off? We can hang out with the team. Play video games, watch a movie?”
"Yep. Get washed up." Tony patted Steve on the arm. "We'll make a night out of it! We can work on your movie list." He grinned, and Steve melted, it was so sweet of Tony to offer.
, as if he wasn't giddy with excitement at the thought of getting to hang out with Steve again.
Steve’s husband stepped out of the portal just as the other Tony crossed the threshold. He was still in the same sweatpants and T-shirt from yesterday. Steve ran up and hugged him tight.
I've always wanted a kid. I know I could do better than Howard did. I want a chance to give a kid all the love I never got growing up...Heh, showing up Howard - the reason for everything I do. It's really stupid when you think about it, huh?"
He gave Tony a little time to cool off. After a while, he went looking for the man, and since Tony said he'd be working on Steve's bike, he headed down to the garage. When he got there though, there was no sign of Tony or his bike anywhere. Figuring Tony must have taken the bike to his lab to work on it, he headed that way instead.
Usually they didn't pay any mind to Tony's personal charity projects. But when it came to this one, the company board of directors stopped him in his tracks, arguing that 'sensitive information' could be stolen and that company resources would be wasted on something that wouldn't make the shareholders any money. That's what all those meetings had been about, Tony and the board arguing over the merits of this idea.
"You really wanna do this, then?" Tony asked. "Even when I'm annoying and work too much?"
“We...we’re friends.” Steve answered. “Just...friends.”
"I'm possessive. Jealous." Tony warned.
“No need.” Sam called out. “Rhodes just texted me. He and Tony are already there.”
“Finish….keep...going…” Tony was panting, encouraging Steve onwards. Steve pulled him up into his lap, fucking up into him, barreling towards the edge again as Tony lifted his arms behind his back, pulling Steve closer to his neck, practically begging to be sucked. Steve took the offer, sloppily kissing Tony’s nape until finally, he was cumming into him again with a hoarse grunt.
he'd said, and Steve was grateful and thrilled at the thought of having Tony all to himself.
Steve must have looked particularly confused when Natasha looked back up at him, because she finally seemed to understand what the issue was.
he was
Tony had completely abandoned all hopes of avoiding contamination. Other-Tony would need to depolarize the whole lab anyways now, so the suit came off altogether. Now, he’d had another hour of running tests, his faithful assistant diligently helping at every step.
“Uh. Yep. Just needed some...coordinates.” He bluffed, he didn’t know if their relationship in this universe was as ambivalent as it was back home. At least Steve seemed to be calm, lighthearted even - a good sign that they might be friends here.
“Don’t worry. I’ll protect you.” Steve smiled, mimicking a shield in front of him. Tony laughed.
"Jarvis? Could you save this list for me? I'll take a look at it later. I think I'll head out for a bit."
Steve read it over a couple times. Maybe Tony didn't want to see him right now. Or likely, he actually
“It’s not a different timeline. It’s a different universe.” Tony began to explain. “Although, I don’t really know anymore. I must’ve gotten the math wrong somewhere.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll give them a show.” Tony pressed on his chestplate, engulfing himself in the armor, and took off into the sky, doing a few twirls on his way up. The crowd roared in cheers and applause as the quinjet doors closed.
“I’m pretty sure you just made things worse.” Bucky said, petting Sam’s arm to calm him down.
“Because he thought it was you.” Pepper said. “Maybe he was going to come on to you that night anyways. Maybe it was just really bad timing.”
"On a Sunday?"
"How'd it go!?"
-Tony.” The words practically stumbled out.
side, of course.” He threw his arm towards Nat and Clint, “And don’t get me started on the lovebirds over there.” He pointed at Wanda and Vision. “They’re all only here because of you, and they don’t trust me as far as they can throw me. And, let’s see, who’s on MY side? No one, that’s who. This might as well be
"And now?" Sam asked.
"Yes?" Steve hadn't fully woken up yet, so the question seemed strange. He opened the door all the way, hoping she would elaborate. It was quite a sight to see a disheveled Captain America in pajamas.
"Always." Steve closed the gap with a kiss.
“I don’t even want to think about it, baby.” Steve kissed his temple. “You never know, maybe we helped them along.”
"As annoying as my dad's obsession was with you," Tony randomly blurted out as he played Mortal Kombat alongside Steve, "I wish he'd gone with his original idea of giving me the middle name Steven."
One dreary afternoon, a week after Steve moved in, Tony decided to go watch some TV in the communal living room. By some miracle, there were no meetings scheduled for that day, so he didn't need to hide out in his lab, and wanted to enjoy the new surround sound he'd installed just a few days ago. Just as he sunk into the couch cushions, he got a text from Pepper.
But yes! Doing nothing is exactly what I need to do. You're right! I must be crazy to think he'd ever like me, even if he wasn't straight."
"No way. We're staying put. I don't need a whole new wardrobe." Steve argued, "Tell Tony that if he wants to pay, he'll have to be okay with the stores at this mall." He thought about it for a second, "Or else....I'll wear the dark pants for a week straight at the tower." He crossed his arms and huffed triumphantly.
When SHIELD first told him a black man was president, Steve couldn't believe it. He knew then that he was proud to keep protecting this country, even if he'd already died once for it. Today, he was buzzing with excitement as he toured the National Mall, the White House being his final stop. He knew all he would have to do was call Tony, or Fury, or hell even just walk up to the front door with his hat off, and he could likely get an audience with the president. As tempting as that was, he didn't want to abuse his stardom, so instead he snapped a photo from outside the gates and sent it to Tony.
"Captain Rogers?" Thankfully, Steve was starting to get more used to Jarvis, who spoke without warning quite often.
“Sorry.” Tony blushed. “I...I guess he thought I was his husband too. I should’ve told you. I’m sorry. You have every right to be upset.” He apologized again. "I know I've been giving you hell about not telling me things, and it's hypocritical of me to not tell you sooner-"
"No!" Steve looked shocked enough at the suggestion, so maybe that wasn't the case. "That's not it at all!" Ah, then it
"What do you mean?"
"It's simple. Just ask him."
Tony raised an eyebrow and sat next to Steve, who was trying to rub tears out of his eyes. "It doesn't look like you love it. What's wrong, Stevie?"
"Guess we better clean up, hm?" Tony said as he peered down at him through half lidded eyes.
“Barton!” Nat hissed at him. “Lay off.”
"You fixed her up! You know it's safe! Plus," Steve grabbed his helmet off the lock and placed it on Tony's head. "See! Now you're extra safe. Promise I won't drive over a hundred."
“I don’t know.” Tony took a deep breath. “The rest of the team-”
"Took you long enough." He said, still leaning on Steve, his soft hair tickling Steve's chin as he rested it on Tony's head.
"Good luck." Tony smiled and waved them goodbye. The moment the car was out of sight, he dashed back in, running to the closest elevator, jamming the emergency button as soon as the doors closed.
May was coming to an end and Steve knew that if he wanted to complete his cross-country trip this year, he'd better get started soon, before fall brought colder weather. He decided to leave in a few days, if SHIELD allowed, so he could really take his time getting to know the U.S. It was something he'd always wanted to do, but never had the opportunity. He'd toured a lot of Europe during the war in his U.S.O days, but it bothered him that he didn't know much of the U.S. outside New York state and the few places the military sent him for work. When he would relax with the troops back during the war, they would tell him about all the different places they were from. He'd heard about the cities affected by the drought  and the dust bowl. Some men told him they'd been 'Okies', looking for a new life out west before the war. He was even allowed to perform for the Tuskegee Airmen and other 'tan soldiers' as the radio called them. (Steve really had to fight for those shows, though the USO girls hadn't been allowed to come along. There were people in the army that didn't seem to think their black soldiers needed the encouragement.) In the cover of night, when he snuck out to greet and chat with them, he'd learned about the jazz revolution, as they called it, and the cities where these men had to fight for their rights.
Baseball? The Dodgers? The change in pace was so sudden, but he thought back anyways. It was hard to think, he remembered a grand slam, but everything was still a jumble, and his thoughts kept racing.
He held the notebook up to the lab lights for a clearer view, pondering over what message Other-Tony was trying to convey to him, when he heard a voice behind him.
"N-no..." Williams was getting irritated. "But, even so. You must understand that our loyalties lie with our stockholders. We work for
“S-sweaty…” Steve said with a breathy laugh, worried that Tony was probably just tasting his salty perspiration.
Just then, all the events from last night came rushing back to him. He'd been anxious all day yesterday, and then woke up at some point last night to fireworks. He remembered being hopelessly terrified, like his life was in danger. Then he remembered Tony. Tony had called, or video called, and talked to him until he wasn't scared anymore. He didn't remember anything after that, probably because he fell asleep.
“Hmmm...why do
"You like him, don't you?"
“Thank you. It’s nice to see you, Christine.” Steve responded. He’d have to try to get out of this as quickly as possible, he could see Tony moving away already, and he didn’t want to miss his chance.
“Mr. Rogers seems to be just waking up, sir.”
" Tony scrambled to sit upright. "That's not what I was... It's not like I'm saving a seat or anything. I was just tired."
Steve spent his last day in San Francisco hiking through Muir woods and onto the beach. He found that his favorite parts about these trips were the times he could be outdoors and appreciate nature. It was something new he'd found out about himself, and was grateful for having the chance to discover that. He'd spent his whole youth in the city. After the serum, any time in nature was during the war, either looking for or hiding from the enemy, both situations too stressful to enjoy.
“Ugh.” He threw an arm over his eyes. What was he thinking? That wasn’t
“No, no. Don't worry.” Tony laid on his side, facing Steve, resting his head on his other hand. He looked very relaxed, for someone who just let himself into Steve’s bedroom unannounced. Well, this conversation was getting nowhere. Steve was aware, somewhere in the back of his groggy mind, that they had problems communicating. Natasha had said, just yesterday, to be firm and direct with him. No time like the present, here goes nothing.
Steve nervously opened the door to the surprisingly cozy bedroom. It was small, looked nothing like the rest of the penthouse. There were clothes in piles and nothing elegant to speak of other than the huge and out of place looking bed. Tony was sitting up in the bed, leaning against the exquisite mahogany headboard, surrounded by a mountain of pillows and blue hologram screens. Scattered around the bed were huge textbooks and important looking papers littering the floor. He was reading through an article on a hologram when he looked up, swiping it to the side and pulling up a chart with his other hand.
"Bruce makes curry sometimes." Steve wasn't exactly sure if any of these were curry. There were green, yellow, red, brown, white and orange sauces laid out in front of him, they all smelled intoxicating. Tony took pity and prepared a plate for Steve, and after lunch, they agreed that everything was delicious.
Steve thanked them both profusely, glad that all the Avengers were on board with helping to build Tony's vision. He excused himself from Bruce's lab right before the needles came out, not a big fan, and headed downstairs to the basement lab, excited to share his progress with Tony.
"Oh it's no trouble, Mister Rogers." The lady smiled. Her name tag said Lauren. "We just wanted to make sure you were okay. Please, take your time. We aren't busy today, so there's no rush."
"Great. So you guys are going on a date. Need help picking out something to wear, or what?"
"Love you s-so much...ah...feel so good baby...fuck..." Tony tried to keep talking to Steve, but was losing himself as well. Steve reached behind him, shoving a pillow behind his back so he could watch Tony as he fell apart. Once he was balanced, he reached down again to stroke himself in time with Tony's thrusts.
"Your dad? No way." Steve laughed. "He practically asked Peggy out on a date right in front of me while I was on my way to certain death."
for him, right? It was just so hard to tell though. They used to be such good friends...and as much as Tony would crave to touch Steve, to kiss him, to hold all his affection and attention back when they used to hang out together, it never occurred to him that Steve might feel the same. It just seemed impossible.
"Can't be that hard." Tony angrily muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Shortly after he left, the road came to a complete standstill. He was getting more than a little frustrated, and it didn't help when Jarvis spoke up.
“I told you, he thought I was his husband, Tony. And I thought… I thought it was
"Fuck Stevie...I can't...I'm going to.." Tony tried to warn him, but Steve didn't want him to pull away. Still stroking his own cock, Steve moved his other hand up to Tony's perfect plump ass. He squeezed it towards himself, signaling Tony to fuck his mouth. Tony quickly took the hint and - by some glorious miracle - pulled hard on Steve's hair as he let his hips take over. Steve was choking on the thick prick deep down his throat a little, just enough to make him lightheaded with lust. It was only a few more seconds before Steve felt hot spray hit the back of his mouth, then the sensation of the thick fluid running down his open throat. He moaned loudly through the still-throbbing dick in his mouth, eyes closing as he came right along with him, his own cock squirting all over the wall behind his trembling lover as he swallowed over and over until he finally felt Tony gently tug once on his head. He slowly moved back, opening up as softly as he could, admiring the now half-hard unit sitting on his tongue, wet and slick, when he finally let it slip out.
A blue screen popped up in front of him and Steve jumped a little.
"How may I help you, Captain?"
"Well, just one night for me." Steve looked over at Tony, who shrugged in apology. "I've got to fly back tomorrow night. Got more meetings with the board Monday morning. Sorry, Spangles." Tony noticed the disheartened soldier and rushed to make it up to him. "But hey! You have the room until Monday, you can even extend the stay to whenever you want. You can make the most of it, there's a 24/7 buffet included, an all inclusive spa, personal masseuses." Tony made his way over to the other man, looking up at him, hopeful that he could find some way to make him happy again. "Should I call the masseuse now, or after we eat? Or maybe I should call up some girls for us? Some dancers? Dinner and a show?" He started to dance in a silly way, shaking his hips and arms to imaginary music and Steve couldn't help the howl that escaped him.
"Well, my favorite player is going to be traded to the Dodgers next month." Tony looked around to make sure no one else could hear them. "Inside scoop, when you're this famous - you hear all the gossip before it hits the streets."
"Uh..." Steve really wasn't used to this yet. People were so direct nowadays, and Tony never was one to hold back. It was so hard to keep a straight face now, though. Especially after this morning.
“No. Of course not.” Steve said. Tony slowly blinked up at him, sweet and completely beautiful. “You wanna get ready with me?” Steve suggested, remembering how Other-Tony expected them to share their morning routine together. Tony smiled at that, finally waking up, and nodded eagerly. Steve picked him up bridal style and Tony giggled in his arms. He walked them over to the bathroom, where he placed Tony on the edge of the sink, and stood between his legs caressing his thigh as they brushed their teeth together.
He’d had Tony. He’d
Steve couldn't be happier. He'd resolved to start enjoying his favorite sport again, and was thrilled that his friend remembered and cared enough to take him to a game, let alone three, with the two teams he'd been struggling with, it was so considerate of him. He popped open the back of the Dodgers hat and put it on.
with every breath. Steve really needed to get back in the game, so he raised his hand up and firmly slapped Tony’s ass.
"Yesh." Tony muttered into Steve's armpit. Steve chuckled and pulled Tony out of there, still holding on to him with one arm, and pulled the tray of food over to them, setting it on top of his own lap.
, why don't you just do nothing." Rhodey waved an arm in the air. "Just pine after him and wait for him to telepathically realize you're in love with him, and then he'll come flying in to whisk your crazy ass off your feet."
"We both know that's bullcrap." Natasha flicked Steve in the arm in punishment. "I'm going to let you off the hook. But just so you know, you have a good shot with him. That's coming from a reliable source."
"I'm sorry, Captain. Sir is occupied with work at the moment. He did wish to forward this note to explain the items he dropped off earlier today." Jarvis brought up a hologram note at the table, next to the items in the package. Steve sat back down, his newfound giddy mood fading away again. Was it possible that Tony was avoiding him, and this was his way of sending him off? But he didn't think Tony would be that passive-aggressive, though, he supposed, he didn't know Tony all that well yet to tell.
Well, at some point, Steve was going to have to live up to his Captain America reputation. He bravely joined their hands, resolved to speak everything he'd held inside.
He wiped his mouth, and got his fingers nice and lubed up. Tony’s face relaxed as he opened up easily under him, a couple fingers were nothing compared to the stimulation of Steve’s tongue.  Steve boldly added a third finger when he heard Tony hiss above him.
Tony shot up at that. He had small tears in his eyes, but they were completely forgotten as he nodded furiously. Steve chuckled and pulled Tony back down, guiding his head to rest on his shoulder.
Steve was ashamed, felt like he needed to reiterate just how sorry he was for the way he'd treated Tony. They had almost come to blows just hours after meeting each other. He had known it wasn't all the scepter, either. After reading SHIELD's file on him, he really didn't give Tony a chance. But, after the fiasco with Loki, Tony had more than proven his worth, and was even kind enough to let the Avengers stay in the tower. Steve was immensely grateful for that, as he didn't feel all that comfortable going back to SHIELD's apartment for him so soon, or at all if he could help it.
"Oh! A Latin Jazz band! That's a treat!" Tony settled in, deeper into his chair and leaned on Steve, listening to the smooth notes. Steve took charge in finishing dessert, loving the rich chocolate. He alternated between taking a bite, and reaching over, carefully guiding small forkfulls topped with a bit of berry to Tony. He got shivers up his spine every time Tony gleefully accepted the treat. When they were done, Steve paid, and the band picked up speed, the music turning into a quick and fun melody. Tony squeezed his arm in thanks, watching the band intently. Soon, he noticed something strange. The waiters had stopped serving food a couple songs ago. There seemed to be less and less tables every time he looked up at the band. Even though everyone was done with their meals, no one had left. Instead, more and more people were now standing by the bar, or on the floor in the middle of the restaurant, dancing.
He couldn't believe it was already so late, time flew by and he didn't even realize it until the bar announced last call. They had spent the night drinking fruity mocktails to keep awake, chatting with friendly patrons, standing on the sidelines as they watched impromptu dance-offs between the regulars, enthusiastically cheering them on. Best of all, Steve enjoyed dancing song after song with Tony, who was kind enough to only let Steve be his partner.
"And he said no?"
"Noooo," Tony protested as Steve pulled him in by the arm. "Steve, you know you can use my personal stylist anytime, right? I'll even pay him to fly down here and see you. You really don't need to keep shopping at department stores."
"Indian food!" He ran out of the car.
Steve smiled, pulling back. Tony stood back too, and they both held each other's arms just a second longer before letting go. Steve felt really happy. The happiest he'd felt in a long time, actually. He knew then that he had a lifelong friend in Tony, and no amount of distance would change that. He finally felt ready to see the world, with Tony's blessing.
Tony walked up to the cargo doors, and Steve ran to his side, waving the others off. Unfortunately, they couldn’t get very far in the cramped space of the quinjet, watching their leaders crumble in front of them. Steve pulled Tony’s shoulder around anyways, adamant at making him stay.
"A welcome home party?" Steve was still dumbfounded.
about a million times this weekend. He was just happy to have made a friend. Now he won't even want to be friends anymore." Tony was on the verge of tears.
“Ah, ah. Don’t want to spoil the main event, do we?” Tony grinned, running his hands over Steve’s now exposed chest.
Tony moaned, scratching at Steve’s chest in the best way. Steve’s hips bucked up at the wonderful sensation, and Tony just laughed, burying his face into Steve’s neck and sucking at a sweet spot as Steve got back to it. He was quickly able to add in another digit, and then a third. It was all so overwhelming. The thrusts of his hand were shallow, but manic - a hot, dripping Tony was draped on top of him, panting, holding on to him for dear life. How was this Steve’s life right now?
“I don’t think so.” Steve smiled sadly. “I feel like I’ve been crazy about him for...well since forever. But he’s never given me any indication that he liked me back. I mean, maybe he did, way back then. But a lot has happened since then, and I just don’t think he still feels that way anymore, if he ever felt that way at all.”
No hate on LOST, sorry!! 😅 I haven't even watched it, actually. That's just what I've heard. If you love Lost, let me know why in the comments and I might give it a shot once I have some free time!
tell me about taking responsibility, Rogers!” Tony shouted, slamming his notebook down. He stumbled away from the panels and screens, rubbing his temples. “You know what - I can’t do this right now. Cancel that simulation, FRI. We’ll analyze the numbers later. I’m going to bed.” Tony pushed his way past Steve and bounded into the elevator, not looking back as the doors closed behind him.
"No. Not necessarily. It's something that you can work towards improving." Tony paused. "Hey, you know, I'm in LA this weekend, I have to meet with some board members in our West coast offices. Pitch them something. Anyways, you're not that far from Cali. How about you meet me there?"
"Very well." Pepper, cool and collected, kept going. "Mr. Ralph Emerson - Major shareholder and Head of Accounting-"
"I don't think so." Tony still wasn't looking up at him. "It's all my fault. I didn't want to make it public because I thought someone would use it to make weapons, but I didn't think giving the rights to the company would backfire like this. I just wanted the R&D team to be able to play with it. All this time I thought I wasn't being selfish, but it turns out I'm just like my dad. I'm no different than him!" Tony was getting louder and breathing harder, and Steve didn't want him to spiral. He pushed the food tray aside and sat next to Tony, pulling him into his chest, his own nerves be damned.
"Shit." His voice was hoarse as he forced his arms to cooperate, lifting him off his sticky sheets. He was suddenly extremely grateful that Tony thought to put a private laundry room in his apartment. He stood up, stripped off his clothes, and pulled his bedding off. It was going to be a long morning.
him of all things. Didn't sleeping with him prove otherwise? Did he think Steve did this out of malice? He wished he could find Tony to ask him these things. But it seemed that wasn’t happening anytime soon. He just hoped that Tony was okay. He had called Tony's friends in desperation, and although they couldn't, or perhaps
He was caught off guard when the phone dinged and lit up again. Surprised, his grip on it slipped and the phone fell like a brick and smacked him right in the face.
"Yes. A party. For you. Get with the program, Cap." Tony came to his side and gave him a little shove with his elbow. "You're not still tired are you? Jarvis said you just got up."
"I thought...I'd let you...mmm...decide if we should take it slow if you...ah...if that's what you want..." Tony moaned between Steve trying to lick his way back into his mouth.
Without thinking, he reached down to touch himself, to relieve some of the pressure, but Tony smacked his hand away before looking him in the eyes again.
“ItwasanotherTonyfromanotheruniversebutIthoughtitwasthisTonysoIsleptwithhimand-” Steve muttered quickly into his palms until Sam pulled his hands down and met his eyes.
"Thank you, Lauren. I appreciate it." He smiled and waved as she left. Closing the door behind him, he let out a long sigh. How did he sleep in so late?
"Well, since you're not listening to me
"Uh...Tony?" He called out to no one. If Jarvis hadn't helped him out, he wouldn't have thought Tony was home at all.
“Oh? Didn’t I?” Clint escaped Natasha’s grasp and wagged his finger. “I’ve been playing the long-con. Who convinced Stark that the Avengers’ leaders should have matching Christmas sweaters? Who got these two knuckleheads in the same bed together? And who got them to confess their feelings yesterday? If it wasn’t for me, they would still be sulking and sad and wouldn’t have said anything if I didn’t push them into it!”
“Yep.” He said through a broad grin. He smacked a loud kiss to Tony’s cheek, and he was
It was almost 10 in the morning when Steve had finally finished cleaning his bedsheets and himself. He grabbed a notepad and pencil, and strutted downstairs, ready to form a plan. Tony would probably be in the office all day, so that gave him some time to really think. Maybe, if he was lucky, one of the other Avengers had made breakfast. Stepping off the elevator into the common area, he smelled bacon, score! Maybe Bruce or Natasha was kind enough to make some for him too -
“So, you’ll stay?” Steve had been itching to ask since the moment he knew Tony was back in the tower.
"Tell him I'm busy, J."
"Yeah." Tony breathed, his dick twitching in interest. "You sure?"
"Sorry, Tony." Steve got up and poured a cup for the man. "I didn't want to wake you. You needed the sleep. I hope you don't mind, I called Miss Potts-"
"Yeah. Anything, anytime. I mean it." Steve stepped out, turning to look at him. "Goodnight."
“It is Sunday, October 9th, 2016. My indicators are showing bizarre magnetic readings from you and your equipment, and the Ironman suit you are wearing is unregistered.” Jarvis continued. “Might you need a polarization, Sir?”
...in a
Steve woke up to the faint, but unfamiliar light of dawn peeking in through the enormous penthouse windows. He basked in semi-consciousness, the comfortable scent and warmth of Tony grounding him, surrounding him. When he finally came to, he found his sweetheart was still sleeping soundly in his arms. He watched the man,
Tony responded with a blank expression. He was caught off guard, hadn't anticipated having this conversation without
"Uh..I don't know."
"Stevie here saved the day, so I'm making him some breakfast. Don't worry, I made enough for everyone."
"I think it makes you look strong. Scars ain't so bad." Steve stood up in the water, turning over and pulling his trunks down a little so Tony could see his hips. There were big lines running down his side. "See? Stretch marks. My skin healed too fast after the serum, and they're part of me now. You don't think
They reached the hotel, but instead of walking towards the waiting drivers, Steve led Tony to the parking garage.
"Excuse me." he coughed. "We...um. We're fine?"
Steve thought about it for a second. "Think I need to see the new guys play first." He turned back to Tony, "But I think they've got a good shot."
"What does density have to do with his muscle mass? Look at him! If his cellular system was that dense, he'd need to be ten times smaller!" Natasha gestured towards Thor, who bellowed out an amused laugh.
"You're crazy, you know that?" He wiped tears from his eyes.
"Baby? What's wrong?" Steve watched as Tony blinked, and took a deep breath, shock turning to worry.
Tony gasped. "That long? So much time wasted!" He dramatically clutched at his reactor.
"You nervous for tomorrow?"
Hell no. As if Steve would ever leave this spot now.
"Only because YOU talked them into it. I owe you big time." Tony handed him a cup of hot coffee, and picked up a knife. He was using his blue paring knife! He was cutting up an orange, finishing up what looked like a fruit salad.
"I'll miss you." Steve said, not budging at all. He didn't know if it would be a weird thing to say, seeing how they just met not long ago. But their friendship felt so deep already. Sometimes, it felt like more, complex even, though he didn't know exactly why or how. All he knew was that he was so lucky to have met Howard's son at such a difficult time in his life, and was lucky that in a short amount of time, they were able to get along as if they'd known each other for years.
"Mhm." Natasha smiled.
"Hey. No." That got Tony's attention, and he couldn't stay silent. "There's nothing wrong with you, honey." Steve shivered and moved closer. "You've been through some pretty traumatic experiences and haven't worked through them, so of course it's all gonna spill out sometimes." Tony took one of Steve's hands and squeezed. "Have you seen a therapist about this stuff?"
"Sure. Let's leave them alone, Hawkass." They retreated back into the elevator and then it was just the two of them again.
"Well, since he is insisting on paying for our little outing today," Natasha pushed Clint off her, "He wants us to get out of the mall and into some 'real stores.' We'd better go to Fifth Avenue, though you may want to look away from the price tags when we get there, Steve."
"H-hey!" Steve yelped. "Good morning!" He tried to smile, probably flashing an awkward grimace instead. Natasha raised an eyebrow, but gracefully sat down next to Steve on the island, plucking half a grape from the fruit bowl Tony was mixing.
“Most of all I regret hurting you. Breaking your trust. And doing it again last week. I'm truly sorry for that, too." Steve steeled himself. This was it, he needed to say what he felt, put it all out there, like Tony had done. Consequences be damned. "I just...want you back. In my life. And if there's any fraction of a chance...” Steve paused. "Well, if it wasn't clear before...I like you. I want to
"Night." Tony didn't look back. Steve wondered just how much 'cleaning' he was going to do, since the whole lab seemed to be in a state of disarray, but maybe it was an organized mess that he just didn't see.
Steve chuckled as he put his phone away. He saluted the soldiers at the gate and made his way back to his hotel. Tomorrow would be a fresh start.
“Hey, hey, It’s just me.” he heard a whisper coming from right next to him, felt a warm hand gently land on his tense bicep. His heart was pounding in his ears, but he would know that voice anywhere.
"Hm?" Steve gave Tony a puzzled look.
“Oh…” Steve moaned, feeling Tony’s growing erection grinding against him. He’d forgotten. The spanking. It really
"The Getty Villa." Tony explained as Steve marveled at the works of art in every nook and cranny. "I know you appreciate art, and in my humble opinion, it's one of the more aesthetic places in LA."
try to sabotage you.”
"Sure. How bout' tomorrow? It's kind of late already, but tomorrow's a midday game, should be over before dinnertime." Tony took a sip of his soda, unaffected. "This better not be to get me to go to that rooftop terrace. I already told you I'm not eating a vegetable medley, that can be yours and Pep's spot." Steve blinked. It seemed Tony didn't really get the hint.
He fell asleep moments later.
“Nah.” Tony waved the idea away. “He doesn’t like me like that. Or at all, really. Your Tony is probably way nicer.”
"Believe me, handsome. I'll fuck you into the mattress once you're ready. But right now, just while I open you up, it'll need to be nice and slow, okay? Tell me if you want to stop at any point, you can change your mind, and we can do something else, okay? Just breathe for me, we have all the time in the world." Tony fondled his hair as he used an elbow to nudge Steve's knee, the soldier understood his orders and opened up his legs, letting his lover get settled between them. Tony ran his hand over Steve's hole, spreading a little lube there to get him ready.
"Intimidated?" Sam offered.
“Don’t worry.” Tony rubbed Steve’s shoulder. “Things here are...well they’re a disaster to be honest.” He laughed, and patted Steve on the back. “But you’re all back together again! And you even have some great people on your team that I never would have thought to work with back in my universe. Wanda and Pietro are huge, evil pains in my ass back home, and it’s incredible that Jarvis helped to make Vision. I didn’t even know Wakanda had much of anything going on. And this Sam guy sounds like a great friend. I’ll have to find him in my universe and set up a play date. Together, you could all make an amazing team. Tony is probably just working things through in his head. You’ve just moved back in, what, a week ago? I’m sure he’s just adjusting to so many changes all at once. Just give him some time.” Tony gasped, looking at the time on Steve’s phone. “Speaking of time, mine is up.”
fault, and he insisted that we watch this crap. I should've cleaned your list up before I let them see it."
"Exactly!" Steve took a long sip, it was delicious. He appreciated that Tony could understand, just because he couldn't get drunk didn't mean he wanted to be left out. If not for the taste, he liked the banter that usually accompanied social drinking. "So good. I can't remember the last time I've been to a place like this."
"Hm...Well, let's just say, if you had asked me to share a bed with you in LA, I probably would've said yes." Steve shyly admitted behind a forkful of steak.
"I could..." Tony looked down, "Don't wanna talk about it right now though. It would take a while to explain, and there's nothing you could do anyways. I just need a distraction, you know?"
“Hm.” Sam patted him on the shoulder. “We can skip our run today. How about Buck and I pick up some Chinese and bring it back here. Get cleaned up. Be back in 30?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve wiggled his arm a little and Tony jerked his head up, realizing Steve was at his destination, and immediately let go.
“Hm.” Tony’s expression was still hidden, but at least he wasn’t running away, he seemed to be walking to the quinjet too. Hopefully joining them on their flight back home. “Been there, done that. She wants information. Tried to keep her out of the VIP area at least, but I guess that didn’t stop her. Just can’t have a party without Christine Everhart squirming her way in.”
“You didn’t really need to. We’ll have to move it all again next week anyways.” Tony didn’t even look up as he closed another drawer and walked to the closet instead, abandoning whatever he was looking for in that dresser.
"Wow, hell must have frozen over. Stark is making breakfast today?" Natasha's voice from behind Steve startled him out of his thoughts.
“I’m sorry I took up all your time, Tony.” Steve apologized. “I’m sure you would’ve rather spent the morning doing some experiments around here.”
Steve did, and was confused. A pack of cigarettes? He turned over the box and it clicked.
"Grab two of the cooling pipes over on the table" Tony pointed in some general direction as he mumbled through a blue wire currently being chewed through, fumbling with some wires in the leg of his suit. "Bring the welding gun and soldering iron. And two sets of gloves. This system is
to be.
"Let's." Tony grinned.
It was toward the end of the meal, while he was delicately placing a spoonful of salty caviar into his mouth - Pepper said they were some kind of fish eggs or something - when she brought up Tony out of the blue.
Shit. I really fucked up.”
"What
"They...agreed? To what, exactly?" Tony's face was skeptical.
"Is everything okay?" Steve asked in the most delicate voice, rubbing his thumb back and forth on Tony's tense back. He saw Tony take a sharp breath, and a flash of anger in his eyes for a fraction of a second, and he thought the other man would blow up in his face. But then Tony deflated, sighed, looked down and seemed to lose all steam.
“Heh, sure.” Steve smiled. “Now go. I want my husband back, already.”
to say worried. Worried I'd ruin our friendship." Steve threw himself back on the couch. "And now, I went and fucked it up with this. I should've known right away something was up. Of
"Just be nice." She'd ordered. Easier said than done.
He tried to pay attention to the meeting, putting his phone on silent, though he couldn't help but peek every couple of minutes. One particular photo, a stunning view of Steve's firm ass in tight dark denim, was enough to make him whimper. Pepper shot him a glare, and he quickly texted back, hoping Natasha would show him some mercy.
“You’re my friend too, Tony.” Steve softly replied. '
"Damn." Tony frowned at his wrist, "That's Jarvis reminding me that I need to head to the airport soon. Jet's packed and ready." Steve's heart sank, but then he thought of something.
"I think he means those tight black denim pants we got you that time we all went shopping." Natasha translated.
“I’m gonna…” He tugged on Tony’s head, asking him to come off, but Tony squeezed his hands under Steve’s thighs and clutched at his ass, pulling him deeper with his grip.
“No.” Tony chastised. “
Tony couldn’t hear the concern in Steve’s voice. In fact, all he could hear now was a high pitched ringing in his ears. All he could hear was that Steve was leaving. Leaving
"Sorry. I just meant, are you settling in okay at the tower? I know Tony can be a little overwhelming sometimes, but I hope you're comfortable living there."
"Stevie?"
been affronted by the boldness. But fuck, did he want this. Steve groaned, pulling Tony closer, kissing back with a burst of passion. He gripped Tony’s side - it felt perfect in his big hand. The other hand, he couldn’t help it, slid down to Tony’s plump, firm ass and gave it a squeeze. Tony chuckled and pulled back.
“Baby?” Steve probably felt him go stiff, because in the next moment, his hands were on Tony’s hips, trying to guide him off his lap. But Tony decided - he was going to be up front about this. He wasn’t going to hide anything, everyone’s opinions be damned. He pushed Steve’s hands off his hips, and shuffled back into his lap with a determined look on his face. Steve must have noticed how nervous he was, because he gave in, and wrapped his arms around him instead.
put others first. That was just who he was, a byproduct of the circumstances of his life.
"Look! SHIELD's favorite!" Tony pulled Steve over to the space-themed machine. "You've gotta practice so you can beat that guy's high score when you go back to the office." Steve chuckled nervously.
Finally, Steve went boneless and let his head drop back - ow. He hit the hard tile floor with the back of his head. Wait, why were they on the kitchen floor? When did they get here? The last time he wasn't blind with desire was...he'd picked up a kissing Tony and slammed him against a wall...guess it was the pantry wall. Huh. He laid there for a minute, catching his breath, when Tony started to move next to him, wriggling around until finally he was snuggled up between his chest and arm.
“Oh.” Tony replied carefully. “Me too. I want to try too.” He scratched the back of his neck in embarrassment. “I, uh...I might’ve...forgotten to tell you. The Other-Steve...he kissed me. When I went to the mirror universe.”
“Do you think I’m unloveable?”
“Nice to see you. Unfortunately, I’m going to have to steal Cap away, hero work never ends, you know.” Tony slipped a hand on Steve’s back, turning him towards the quinjet. It sent shivers up his spine.
“He is correct, Mr. Rogers. He will not cause you any harm. He is Mr. Stark from a mirror universe.” Jarvis helpfully supplied.
"Not if he were extremely heavy. That's why I don't know what kind of protein structure his muscles are made of." Bruce explained.
“That’s what I’m saying!” Clint waved his arms in triumph. “We could’ve waited a few minutes up here for you to finish your pickup line! Too bad Stark here cockblocked you.”
"Sir,'' Jarvis patiently reminded. "The board members will be voting on your proposal soon, and as Miss Potts puts it, millions of people are counting on you."
"Hey Tony!" Steve stood up, and then immediately realized that he might look way too excited right now. He patted the open chair next to his, walking to the kitchen to make it look like he got up to grab Tony's food. "We saved you some. I'll get it."
"Mmmm. Me too." Steve squeezed him tightly. Tony laughed at that. He felt Steve's arms moving around him, then the swipe of cloth along his lower back, and between their stomachs. Steve was cleaning him up gently with his own clothes, then there was a soft press of lips on his forehead made him yawn. Steve shifted and gave him one more kiss right on the lips.
"That's right. I'm video calling you. You can see me on the screen, if you want. And I'll be able to see you, if you want."
"That's weird." Tony knew usually the crew would just relocate to an indoor project if that was the case.
"Jarvis? New plan." He set off into the road. "Let's find a place with mimosas."
not for the team, not for anyone else. I just...I can’t be
“Oh, sorry.” Tony corrected his language in his head before continuing. “So, light, sunlight, is made out of little things called photons. Photons are so small that they don’t follow the universal laws of physics. That means, the things photons do can be totally random. Even in an exact replica of your universe, things will inevitably turn out different at some point because photons will never act the same exact way in every universe.”
"Don't stop, soldier." Tony whispered in his ear. Steve shuddered. He didn't know how Tony could've known about his immediate refractory period, but maybe it was a genius thing. Tony
"Yeah, but i don't wanna wait for you to finish your shower while sitting naked on the floor." Tony pouted as he pulled off his olive oil stained pants.
"I'm sure you've all been told about the benefits of this project for the people of Tajikistan. I've studied up myself. A country with annual rolling blackouts. Over half its population lives under the poverty live. They are dependent on agriculture, yet despite their problems and limitations, they are still willing to work towards sustainable energy. There doesn't need to be a political debate to solve a fixable problem, especially when the solution is well within reach."
The fashion show didn't happen. Although, the night wasn't a complete waste. Actually, it ended up being nice. Really nice.
“These two dummies, dummy!” Clint announced, shoving himself between Tony and Steve, hugging them close. “It’s all thanks to me!”
It didn’t look forced - whoever wrote this was genuinely writing backwards. It must’ve been Other-Tony. It had to be. And there was more. He read the formulas that were haphazardly scribbled underneath -
Steve stomped down his intense pang of jealousy, there was no time for it right now. He needed to focus on Tony now that he was finally here. If he couldn’t have him any other way - he could still at least be a good friend, a good teammate.
she took you to a cheap place! Who buys clothes with
"Sorry." Steve murmured into his brown locks. "I didn't realize you were waiting for your dance partner." He felt Tony's arms slide down, and circle his waist. He boldly placed a kiss on Tony's forehead, and was relived when Tony responded by squeezing him tighter.
“Ugh. These specs are huge. To move a craft of this size, we’d need unlimited energy. Physics says this shouldn’t work, but he was so far into the design, I don’t get why he was still working on it if it was impossible.” Tony rubbed his eyes, and groggily accepted the sweet treats offered to him. “It’s just something I found in Other-Tony’s lab when I went over there. It’s supposed to be a solar sail, for space travel, but I just don’t get how he planned on running it. It would need something small, that could expel an infinite amount of power. Even all my reactors combined would be useless for this.”
He felt so odd today. He wasn't sure what set it off, if anything. He just didn't seem to feel comfortable sitting still, but was filled with nervous energy when on the move too. Felt like he needed to talk to someone, and shut everyone out at the same time.
“Is that your way of being
Just seconds after they walked outside, a car pulled up to pick them up, and drove them just a couple blocks down to an inconspicuous high rise. They made their way to the rooftop, where there was a gorgeous restaurant, with only a few elegant tables surrounded by lush greenery. Steve was baffled that there was no menu available - instead the server informed them that they would be enjoying a fresh selection of seasonal vegetables, alongside exquisite meats, and perfectly paired drinks and dessert. It was probably the fanciest place Steve had ever been. But Pepper looked to be right at home, and was happy to explain what every course was as it was brought out, so he figured this must be what rich and famous people were used to.
Tony was about to argue when Natasha coughed a little, and her eyebrows shot up at him.
"Sir," Jarvis quietly spoke up from Tony's phone. "Your sleeping pills are in the top compartment of your black suitcase."
“...Okay.” Tony watched as Steve made himself comfortable in the seat. “You’re not worried that I’m some kind of evil twin? Or that I’m lying to you?”
As the hours passed, and Tony worked on all of Steve's essentials, his anger lost steam. Rhodey and Pepper tried to reach him, but he ignored those calls too, letting them know through Jarvis that he was fine and would call back. He kept trying to convince himself that he was just looking out for someone who didn't have a lot of experience in this century. But the quiet walls of the lab wouldn't truly believe that. He knew Steve could take care of himself. That's not what this was about.
"Look." Rhodey put on his best Colonel voice. "Here are the facts. You just finished telling me how the two of you spent the entire weekend on what amounts to a couple's vacation." Rhodey put his hand up to the video screen when he saw Tony try to argue. "And don't think I haven't seen your Instagram post of the two of you half naked together. Nice Caltech shorts, by the way. Did you even see the way he's looking at you in that picture? He basically has heart eyes. And you expect me to believe he isn't even a little bit interested after all that?"
“And why is that such a bad thing?” Sam asked.
"Thank you Tony. Truly. You've done so much for me." He straightened up and looked Tony straight in the eyes, "I wanted to say that I'm so sorry that I lost my temper with you the other day."
Tony looked like he had just been punched in the face. He staggered back a few steps, visibly shocked.
It had been a whole week, and he hadn’t seen Tony at all in that time. No one had. He suspected that FRIDAY was alerting him every time Steve got anywhere near the same room as him, if he was in the tower at all. Steve was mortified with how they had left things. He wanted to apologize. Wanted to beg for Tony’s forgiveness. He wanted to scream until he was hoarse. But it was like looking for a ghost. He tried going to the lab, tried to stay in common areas like the dining room and lounge throughout the day, hoping to catch him walking by. He even tried to go up to the penthouse once, but FRIDAY wouldn’t let him in past the front door. It was no use. He was nowhere to be found, and no one at the tower knew where he could be.
“Why not? He’s my everything. He makes me happy.”
"No thank you. Think I'll leave you boys to it. I'm heading in early." Natasha pointedly locked her eyes on Tony. Well, he was done for. She knew, and there was no point trying to deny it from her.
“Sir, your heart rate is exceeding safe levels. Please, I recommend you take a deep breath and relax.” FRIDAY calmly continued.
“Wait! Tony, what are you-” Steve yelled, throwing his arms up to cover his face, but Tony screamed right back through the helmet.
Fuck. Tony pulled a chair over and sat down. He didn't think he could stand up anymore, dizzy with heartache. He wrapped his arms around himself, hugging his midsection as he watched Steve snuggle into his hair, and saw himself snuggle back, they looked so...so much like a couple. Like you would see in movies. Two happy people, in love, sharing their space and their bodies with each other. He saw Steve fully wake up, realize where he was,
do it for Tony, apparently. “Or...we could do
All his life, people had told him that he was a good man, a hero with a big heart, that he had all the right intentions. His moral compass was always pointed north.
you, Tony. So much, and I hate how distant we’ve become.”
want you, Sunshine.” Tony easily responded, the odd but sweet nickname sending a shiver down Steve’s spine. Shit, had Tony always wanted him too? He was going to say something back - tell Tony he felt the same - but he felt a little pat on his arm. He reluctantly let go, and watched, paralyzed as Tony slipped out of his boxers and shirt and, without so much as a pause, pulled Steve’s pants and boxers off in one swift motion as well.
It turned out, Tony didn’t need Steve all to himself after all. He didn’t need to compare himself to his friends, he just needed to know Steve loved him, and that was more than enough. The team never hated him, much to his surprise. He’d just isolated himself so much, that he couldn't see their attempts to reach out as genuine. He'd convinced himself that he was the bad guy, but once he wasn’t hiding behind his mask of indifference, they welcomed him into their circle with glee. Now that he knew they weren’t holding a grudge against him, he wasn’t afraid anymore.
He placed his phone on the charging stand and rolled back over into bed. He tried to get comfortable, finally settling down when he grabbed the second pillow next to him and hugged it against his chest. Nuzzling his face into the pillow, it smelled clean and fresh, and he thought back to the day he left. He'd initially hugged Tony as a way to reassure him that all would be fine while he was gone. But Tony had hugged him back. It felt so nice at the time, and Steve didn't realize until now how much he missed that human touch. As he dozed off, he wondered if it would be okay to ask for another hug when he got back.
Steve blinked and realized he was the only Avenger still sitting. Everyone had gotten up for the meet and greet. Had it really been an hour already?! He shuffled some papers around in front of him, feigning interest in whatever his notes said - the pages were blank  - then, when the tent in his pants was under control again, he stood up and made his way down the steps and into the VIP section. He caught a glimpse of Tony on the other side of the park, and started to make his way over when he was intercepted by Sam and Bucky.
Tony stepped through the dark void, and was gone.
“What? Are you sure?” Steve was suddenly filled with a strange emotion. He’d just gotten to know this amazing man. He couldn’t be leaving again so soon, could he?
"I'm not asking you for a fuck, Cap." Tony retorted. "Just a dance. I've been
After lunch, Steve took them to a dingy building with no signage outside. 'A bar?' Tony has asked, but once they got inside his eyes lit up in excitement. It was a hidden video game arcade. Jarvis had told Steve that Tony spent a lot of his free time with Rhodey in college looking for places to try to put the initials A.E.S. on as many high score boards as he could find. Steve was content just watching Tony play for a while, until they stumbled into a Galaga game.
"Uh...did we somehow teleport into a club?" Steve asked Tony once all the tables and chairs had been taken away by the staff, and only the booths along the walls remained. Tony giggled, he was now holding on to Steve's arm, swinging his legs back and forth to the music. Of course Natasha would find a way to trick him into coming to a place like this.
"Nnnnnn..." Tony tried to argue, but was approaching sleep quickly. "Come baaack."
"You'll love it! If there's anything you don't like, we can stop right away. Just give it a chance?"
When the final notes played, Tony looked up at Steve, eyes shimmering from the lights around them.
him. It was cruel, really, that he’d gotten a glimpse of just how happy he could’ve been if he hadn’t - what - rubbed his eyes at the wrong moment? It was still impossible to believe. The whole thing felt like a dream, really. The only proof of what happened was on his phone, right in front of him. This photo.
He let his thoughts wander on what that might be like. He'd seen plenty of beautiful ladies advertising on the street that night in nothing more than heels, thongs and pasties. But he found that after the initial shock, it didn't excite him at all. He'd seen advertisements of shirtless, muscular men as well, plastered everywhere. Though he knew he liked men too, even those pictures didn't really get him going.
Don't worry, the story is not just in Hilde's POV. The next chapter will bring us back to Tony!
He quickly demonstrates how it’s supposed to work and Peter quickly catches on. They can’t linger; they’re already losing time as it is.
“Our son,” comes from Yaël afterwards. Hilde smiles and notices approaching footsteps. It’s Dr. Cho who has decided to give the reunited pair some privacy. It does seem like the best thing to do, especially when they start hugging and Loki begins expressing his happiness.
“Oh baby… I’m so sorry.” Steve gathered him impossibly closer and lightly tipped his head forward so his forehead lay against Tony’s. “You didn’t deserve that. I’m sorry I wasn’t there.”
that you can get out of this. You’re going back to that meeting if I have to drag you there myself. And we both know I can and will do that,” Pepper threatened with that dangerous glint in her eye that she got when she was ready to take names. Tony wilted in reply, conjuring up his best kicked puppy look. She sighed. “I’m sorry Tony, you know that I don’t like meetings any more than you, but this was the agreement and you can’t get out of it unless you want a lot of people to be pissed or through death. Actually, pretend I didn’t say that. I don’t want you to get any funny ideas.”
Tony glanced up to find Pepper standing over him, smiling softly. His mood instantly lifted, his wings perked up, and he chuckled, before replying, “Did Happy send you here to check up on me? I don’t need a babysitter, you know.”
After falling asleep, tucked safely in the Yin and Yang cocoon of their wings, Tony had awoken at the very reasonable time of 12:00 PM to find that his perfect, angelic, Adonis boyfriend had already left for work and taken their sweet corgi pupper, Sirius, with him for Bring your Pet to Work Day. Steve had adopted Sirius the year before they had met, and being the Harry Potter fan he was, he couldn’t resist naming his canine baby anything else. Thankfully, Tony was very pet friendly and Sirius had warmed up to Tony fairly quickly after moving in. He and Steve had carefully established a routine—Steve took Sirius out in the morning on his run, then Sirius would come to sit with Tony in his lab happily lounging and watching his dad work while Steve was away, and then the three of them would reunite in the evening. It was all disgustingly domestic and wholesome, and Tony wouldn’t want it any other way.
Tony sighed morosely, his wings drooping slightly, before uncapping the Hydro Flask and chugging some more coffee to make himself feel better. At least coffee would always be there for him. And yes, he had Rhodey and Pepper, the two lights of his life, and he really shouldn’t be complaining since they were the best things to ever happen to him, but he just couldn’t help it sometimes. He was lonely, so sue him. He had just pulled out his phone to check what monotonous soul-sucking emails he had received when he heard a familiar voice ask, “Room for one more?”
Steve wiped his eyes and took a deep breath. “Sorry, that got away from me. It just hit me hard, I guess. Do you know what skylarking is? Dallying on the wing?”
Internally shaking himself off to ditch that depressing train of thought, Tony silently stretched out his wings which were beginning to feel cramped in his chair, and turned back to his game. He was now scouring the black and white screen for the word “cremini,” the name for a type of little mushroom that was popular to cook with. Within minutes, he was back in the word search zone and the sound of the meeting into dull white noise in his ears.
Pepper sighed fondly, her wings twitching amusedly. “You can’t just say stuff like that Tony. Remember, we don’t want to actively antagonize them. Also, I can assure you they don’t want you dead. They would much prefer you failing to hide how you're on your phone all meeting, every meeting, than a dictatorial monster. Additionally, you’re a businessman too, Tony, so I think holistically your argument falls flat in a few spots. And don’t think I don’t know that you’re just misdirecting because you were playing your boujee word search games again.”
“Do you—”
“I have to go now, Tony but I trust you know the way back to the meeting without me chaperoning you. I’ll know if you arrive on time.” And with that parting remark, Pepper gracefully speed walked out of the cafe and was lost to the sea of people on the street.
Time moved like molasses as Tony vaguely registered Steve working up his body slowly, making sure that each and every muscle and bone in his body was as relaxed as could be.
Tony harrumphed at that. “I thought you were supposed to love me and help boost my self-esteem, not tear it down.” But their playful fight was forgotten the second Steve’s warm hands, which were coated in the aforementioned massage oil, began working Tony’s foot muscles. Tony didn’t bother stifling his groan, mentally thanking Steve’s Ma, Sarah, who had taught Steve to give her massages after her long workdays as a nurse. Tony sighed happily, easily admitting that he would kill to protect this sliver of heaven on earth, perfectly content to sink into the deliciously dopey feeling of warmth, love, and care.
a romantic drama dance film from the ‘80s.
The interviews were all fairly easy, which made Tony suspicious. He didn’t know if it was luck, voodoo, or some other weird shit that had somehow made all of the interviewers ask the same questions: “What is it like to not be CEO anymore? What are you currently working on? Any plans for the future?” Regardless, Tony was now on his last one and certainly wasn’t complaining, even if he was still waiting for the other shoe to drop. It gave him ample time to daydream about Steve, who the press blessedly still didn’t know about and would continue not knowing about for the foreseeable future. God, Steve was amazing, with his heart of gold, fluffy white wings, show-stopping Hollywood smile, rippling muscles, not to mention that magical thing he did with his tongue that always made Tony see stars… God, if Tony had known about that, he would’ve been even more of a mess than he already had been on their first date. But he wouldn’t have changed anything, Tony reflected as he smiled fondly, it had been perfect.
At 3 PM the meeting did not end, which was fun and quirky of it, but rather took a much needed lunch break. At this point Tony’s coffee had been chugged, a few hairs pulled out, and his sanity frayed. He had to stop himself from sprinting out the doors once the word was given that they could leave, instead politely excusing himself to fly a block down to Cool Beans! one of his favorite coffee shops located a block away. Because it was a little tucked away, it wasn’t as crowded as some of the other coffee shops in New York during off times, and from the inside you could relax and people watch as you pleased.
Tony startled briefly; he hadn’t even registered that they weren’t moving anymore. “Thanks Happy, I’ll see you tomorrow,” he managed to choke out in reply. He gave a half-hearted wave, yanked open the glass doors, and swiftly flew to the elevator. “Penthouse, J.” Before he had even finished speaking, the elevator was moving, each second bringing him closer to Steve.
“I did this because I love you, because you exist, and because you deserve the world and more. Don’t argue with me because then it’ll get cold and that’s no fun.”
the genius he was, he might even have admitted he was a
"Now, not that I don’t love chatting with fallen angels at midnight, but I would really like to get to bed so I can wake up with a migraine and berate myself tomorrow, so if you don’t mind, could we…” Tony sheepishly trailed off as he gingerly massaged the growing lump on his head.
gracefully. The Angel, which was the name Tony decided he would call him from now on (damn he was just burning through the nicknames), meanwhile looked like a deer caught in headlights. Tony watched him for a few seconds before interrupting him. “Could you… off the ground… please.”
“Steve!” The Angel who was apparently now “Steve” interjected. “My name is Steve Rogers, and when we were walking I kind of maybe slid my number into your pocket, so if you wanted, when you’re not concussed, you could text me and maybe we could meet for coffee? Not as a date if you don’t want to, I know that would be kind of forward and rushed of me, but—”
“Hey, what about me? Am I chopped liver?”
vitals to go fuck themselves, but he knew if he didn’t want to be greeted with a text the next morning from a disapointed Pepper that he would have to consume some type of sustenace (that wasn’t coffee). Tactfully retreating from this battle, he had JARVIS shut everything down as he grabbed a leather jacket, sliding his wings through the slits, and then hastily stuffed his feet into a pair of basic, white sneakers, and flew outside. Just as he was leaving, he had JARVIS place his usual order at the local Italian restaurant Tony loved for faster dining.
“Are… does that mean… are you alive?”
Tony glanced up and smiled slyly in response. “Hm...  I don’t know… tough question. What do you think, Sirius? You think this big, blonde lug deserves a warm welcome too?” Sirius yapped in response, and Steve and Tony chuckled together as Tony flew over and burrowed into his boyfriend’s arms. “Mmm… you smell nice.” His head rose and fell where it was rested as Steve chuckled, one of his large hands coming up to comb through Tony’s hair. Tony moaned, damn Steve for knowing all his weak points, as his walls slowly melted away and his center reoriented to being back to where it belonged—with Steve.
thing Howard had ever been good at was being a businessman; he certainly wasn’t a good father, Tony could say that much from first-hand experience.
Tony sighed as he soaked in the rays of Vitamin D, relishing in the heady mixed scent of him and Steve in their nest together. Six months into their relationship, the two had moved in together in October to Tony’s penthouse, or more accurately what had been Tony’s personal bedroom. It was considered a big step in society, when couples moved in together, because typically up until that point nests were “virgin” and unshared. In following that tradition, during his debauched juvenile bachelor days, Tony had kept two bedrooms, one for one-night stands who would leave after the deed was done, and his own personal one with his nest that no one had been allowed in until Steve.
“Well… the airborne dance scene”—he gestured at the TV screen—“reminded me of when Bucky tried to teach me how to partner dance in the air for a high school event. But that was back when I was sickly and skinny so when we went up… uh… well—” At this point, Steve’s face was red, so red that he glowed in the dark, and he ended up having to take a pause to laugh some more. Once he’d recovered, he resumed his story. “So anyways, I was really skinny right? So when we flew up and began to practice dancing, my pants… uh... well… they slipped a bit. Well, more like a lot. As in down to my ankles. And just as they slipped an air patrol just happened to be passing by and... well… Ma wasn’t too pleased with us after getting a call from the police that night telling her that her son had been caught dallying on the wing with someone. It was all sorted out, eventually, and we were released, but needless to say I was permanently scarred after that. Hey, don’t laugh at me, this was traumatizing!”
