I'll go. But it has to be today and I have Chemistry club..." John knew how much it annoyed Sherlock, so he might as well take advantage of the situation. "...so you have to wait for me."
Whoever it was, was looking for an open confrontation. The killings had taken place either at their home or at work. Perhaps the killer had arrived to John’s old place and- no. That was not what the message said. The message said the
Mrs Hudson came to Sherlock's laboratory a minute later. "Oh, did John leave? I was going to invite him to have dinner with us"
Greg went to the back as well and turned to place a confused stare towards Sherlock, who remained still and silent. Suddenly, rock n' roll started to fill the environment, really,
She folded her arms and looked at him seriously. "If you
He came back from his stupor. He’d painted a whole palette of grays in the palette. It was the only color he could see war in. There was nothing else, no depth, no profundity, no complexity. Simply gray.
He shook that thought away too.
"You're not", Sherlock recovered his voice as the door was closing, wondering internally why was it that every time the door closed he felt forced to speak up.
"Probably." Sherlock admitted, much to John's delight. "...won't happen again." He said, looking down.
“I’m sorry”, John replied.
"I- ah... I couldn't stop thinking about you all day", John admitted as soon as Sherlock's mouth left his to place an open-mouthed kiss on his neck.
"Who the hell do you think you are to tell me what to do and what not to do?" Sherlock said angrily.
"No, thank you. Just the coffee. And your number."
*******
Paintings were scattered everywhere in the picture. Every single corner was filled with a different landscape, with a different figure, with a different state of mind. John wanted to laugh at what his own flat looked like now. If people walked into it, they wouldn’t recognize it, they wouldn’t believe that it once was the biggest library of John Watson’s paintings. His flat was as dead and as blue as John felt.
They stood in silence, enjoying the music and the company of each other for a while.
He stared at the contact info once again.
“Just tell me the story and I’ll stop”, she said calmly.
"What did you do, all this time, while you were away, Mr. Holmes?"
John stopped and looked at Sherlock seriously. "Because I'm stupid."
"You told her we fought..."
Sherlock nodded and shifted in the chair but as soon as he did another ripple of pain hit him in the back. He involuntarily groaned. John looked at him alarmed but then remembered, “right, the back. I need to check on the place it hit the foot of the bed”, he cleared his throat and looked around, awkwardly. “Erm- ”, he hesitated, “take off your shirt, please.”
Sherlock was kissing John. The memory so vivid that he could almost feel their joined lips. Perfect. Warm. Comfortable. Sherlock couldn't still quite believe he was kissing John.
“Forget it.”
"Third door at the left"
John sighed, every time he thought he was making an improvement with Sherlock, things went backwards again and he was starting to get tired of it. Yet he had to be friendly. "Yes. I mean, if you want to..."
Sherlock went to the window and stared at it for a long time. Last time he had looked through it, he had found three red letters painted with graffiti on the windows:
Mike’s portrait hadn’t even begun to make justice to Sherlock Holmes’ features. His face was fascinating, completely and absolutely fascinating. His curly hair fell over his forehead and those cheekbones...those cheekbones.
Sherlock frowned. “You’re not observing.”
Sarah didn't seem to notice either.
He went on to explain some details, like the last victims, but he didn't mention Lacuna or anything that might trigger John's memory.
“I hated them”, Sherlock said.
"So... Smoking. What a bad boy!" She said raising her eyebrow.
"Well, it basically consists on activating a certain neuron on the brain which will generate a dissociative amnesia, which, stimulated by the pictures and mementos of a certain individual, will generate a lacunar amnesia, hence the name of the institution."
"...Greaser?" Sherlock said unmoved, and John flinched. "See? You still don't accept me as I am!"
"Are you uncomfortable?"
Sherlock sighed as he shook his head. “Nothing. Just-”, he looked up to meet John’s eyes. “I’ve never done this before. With anyone.”
The thought came straight to his mind, he was going to sleep with Sherlock, in the same room, the same place together. He needn't anything else, he was happy just by staying at the same place as Sherlock, watching him fall asleep, yes, that was all he wanted. For now.
Sherlock was scared. But now was not a time to let fear overcome him. Now was the time to use John as a motivator to solve the case, to use him as a conductor of light.
"And that person would be?"
“Fine, yeah, eraser and a hard pencil. I’ll take a 4H, fine?”
"You are very loyal, very quickly."
"Good, we have lunch on the biggest table, see you there. Clear?"
Sherlock sighed, "is Scotland Yard paying you for coming here and repeating the words I say?"
Sherlock. How cute. You are like an old married couple, you know each other, you've seen him at his worse, you've seen him at his best. You would do anything for him. I'm sorry Johnny, it's just so freaking obvious."
But he had to admit he was surprised when he walked into the rooftop, and his body started trembling uncontrollably.
"I know", Sherlock replied, loosening a bit from John's hold and placing a peck on the tip of the boy's nose.
Sarah nodded and he put his coat on, clenching the fist of his left hand. "I'll see you tomorrow." He said flatly.
step forward, then another, then another.
After lunch, John went out of the cafeteria, in order to go to Chemistry Club. It was a five minutes walk from there and he hated being late for anything. He crossed around one of the corners of the school when he saw Sherlock, sitting in one of the chairs of the hallway alone and reading a book.
“Whenever there’s an
John took a deep breath and tried to sound as reassuring as he could. "Sure."
"Don't worry about me. You can go, your girlfriend must be waiting for you." John said and it sounded more hurt than he intended to.
He didn't notice when there was a knock on the door, either.
"He... he moved out of Baker Street, I've been told, although I still don't see why. You and him used to talk sometimes, maybe you had some idea where he could have moved to or something..."
Sherlock scoffed. “I could make a list”. John smiled at him.
He felt a light caress on his face, just a soft touch. “Sherlock, it’s okay.”
As soon as they arrived to John's room, Sherlock moved towards the bed and arranged it a little. "Okay, get yourself under the covers, you must be freezing."
“Just because.”
Sherlock was about to answer when, in that moment, one of the guys of the club stood up and looked at them, frowning and clearly upset. "Could you
She was right. It was for his sake.
And attractive.
"...Friday?"
"He deleted his blog." Sherlock said suddenly. The day after he had seen John again for the very first time, he stood up in a rush and opened his laptop, holding a strong desire to read what John used to write and remind himself of how things used to be. As soon as he typed the URL, he stood frozen in shock, reading over and over again the same announcement, as if he couldn't believe his eyes:
John felt a pinch of anger in his head, he was turning red, he breathed and told himself again to be patient. "I'm not here to talk about me, okay? So I would appreciate if you saved your insults for later."
"Dizziness?"
*******
?" He said tossing his head to one side, a bit confused.
He walked down the hall when he stopped abruptly and widened his eyes.
John simply nodded. Sherlock dragged his hand down, until it slowly fell over John’s cock. John closed his eyes as Sherlock’s fist closed over him, feeling overcome by the whole situation.
"Could you be more in love, little brother?"-Harry came to him with a glass of wine in his hand, again.
*******
Sherlock bent and picked them up and carefully placed them on John's face. "Here. Can you see me now?"
Victor and John were two separate identities, but the result had been the same: he ended up hurt and hating himself for it.
As he kissed him, he traced little circles around his hole before tucking his finger inside, slowly. Sherlock gasped. It felt...odd, certainly.
Sherlock smiled. "I'll try my best. Bye Harry. Bye John."
Sherlock looked at him confused. "I don't want to message anything to anyone! Nothing!"
"Yes."
"What?" Sherlock turned to look at Mrs Hudson, who was smiling at him.
Sherlock looked at it and hummed. His eyes were a bit blurry though, and John, as the good doctor he was, noticed it immediately. "What's wrong?", he asked, going from relaxed and calmed to worried and tense in a second.
"What? I
When they broke the kiss they were both panting, they stood there, their foreheads joined together. John closed his eyes, thinking that could stay like this forever. After a while, Sherlock started talking again: "So I'm sorry, for all the pain I've caused you. I've made enough wrong decisions for a lifetime. I have nothing to offer you, nothing to make you trust me again. All I have is a promise. All I have to say is that I love you."
?" -Sherlock looked surprised. "How did you know about it?"-John looked at Harry with a huge anger drawing in his face.
He turned to look around and gasped.
“I- hm, it’s getting late and so- I guess I’d better go. Yes. Erm.” Damn it. Where the hell were the words when he needed them? They were scattered in the air but he was unable to catch them, his brain far too busy trying to have a proper reaction to Sherlock’s voice.
"Yet you were really drunk and you nearly died. You know, Sherlock, it's such a shame that someone as smart as you doesn't know how to use his intelligence correctly."
Sherlock gasped.
The greaser turned and looked at her with a frown. "Yes?"
John nodded.
John sighed.
He didn’t want to admit it, but he knew pretty well why he had felt the inspiration kicking in. John Watson. Ever since Sherlock saw that painting at the Tate Modern he felt it all over himself, but not with the intensity he felt it now. He could only blame it on what he had seen on their class last Thursday.
John took it and Sherlock helped him up. His legs were strong enough to hold his weight, but his mind wasn’t strong enough to avoid the limping and so he found himself with a limp worse than just after he’d been discharged.
ones.
"Please, don't."
"It's okay", John said, rubbing his cheek over Sherlock's hair.
"Right." John said, starting the car.
A thing that happened just once might never had happened at all.
John shook his head. He knew Sherlock would be disappointed as soon as he looked at the horrible scar on his shoulder, the scar which kept anchoring him to the past, reminding him that life couldn’t be the same, would never be the same as much as he tried.
John laughed until the greaser came back, looking decidedly better and it dawned on John how hot his...
He went out of the store feeling angry. Really angry. Sherlock Holmes was an idiot, one moment he was the most incredible person in the world and the next he looked at John as if he were some kind of freaky stalker.
now?"
Rough yet tender. Soft yet strong.
"Perhaps he doesn't want to see you again. He wants to keep on with his life."
Shit.
He sighed and started drinking his coffee. The gig ended at eight and he couldn't recall a single one of the songs they played. John Watson was all there was in his mind.
"Harry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, I'm so sorry, please, forgive me. I was just angry and I was feeling emotional because of Sherlock, but you are the best sister. Please, forgive me."
Dream indeed.
As soon as Mycroft entered to his office he called his assistant Anthea, he was starting to get worried, very very worried about Sherlock getting those messages, he remembered what she had done last time, almost leaving a hole in the wealth of England. Her comeback could only mean trouble for him and his job.
Thank you so much for your wonderful feedback and for loving this story so much, I wish you the best in this year that's about to come and lots of luck with the episodes. :3
*******
His brain was still not working, didn't want to react. It wanted to shut itself out of the rest of the world, it was as if his brain was paying him back for all the things he had done to it.
Sherlock asked himself.
He couldn't reply. John was shifting from one feet to the other, uncomfortably. "Take a seat." Sherlock said trying to sound as cold as John. Two people could play the game.
------------------------------
John stood in front of the door, his fists clenched and his jaw set. He nodded. He walked towards him slowly, as if he was in a minefield, and he felt like each step could be his last. Finally, he stood in front of Sherlock.
It was Tuesday and it was 7:02. But was it supposed to start on this Tuesday? Was he overthinking things? No of course he wasn't. He wasn't. He was not.
“Yes, but that’s not the reason why you haven’t done it yet, not entirely.”
Sherlock threw a hand dismissively. "Boring."
He had to go clean erasers
"I hear you." Irene said calmly.
“Yes. But not for the reasons you think, don’t consider yourself that lucky.”
“I still wonder from time to time if it would have been better to never have come back at all”, he couldn’t help himself from saying. He felt a desperate need to let it all out, all of it, he didn’t care if John left, if John was disgusted by what he would say or if he would end up hating him for the rest of life. It didn’t matter. He needed to say it because it was tearing him apart, because it was haunting his brain and scratching his soul. He needed to say it because he needed to be heard.
John turned to look at him.
“Yes.”Sherlock said trying to sound nonchalant.
From nothing! Stop using that as an excuse, you know that what you did was wrong, you think you can fix everything just by saying you're sorry! Well, guess what? Apologizing won't bring me back those two years of my life spent grieving your loss! Thinking about why you did it, visiting your grave, reading on the newspapers all the trash talk that they said about you! Going to therapy!". He instantly realized of what he just said and stopped talking.
"...and you were leaving a party."
John smiled. “I have an idea”, he told Sherlock excitedly. “For a painting. It just came flying into my head, and it’s
His phone beeped. New message.
Mycroft sounded desperate, inpatient, helpless. "I made sure of it! I looked at the body!"
"Then sorry, I won't help you."
Expressed in the painting of London that stared at him directly in the face, that spoke to him in so many ways, that expressed the vibrancy and the movement of a city that never stopped, that was his
"He's taken a cab, heading - Northeast."
The greaser wanted to say so many things but couldn’t come up with anything. He closed his eyes and turned to walk away from the hall, in the complete opposite direction to the one John had taken.
"Look John, I know I don't deserve much, lest of all you. I've done nothing but cause you pain, I've made you suffer, I don't even know why you still talk to me. You've seen everything about me, my ups and downs, and after all I've said today, I can affirm that you are the only person who knows me how I
“Can’t wait”, Sherlock said and closed his eyes, as he had done when he had asked John if he was going to take a cab, a month ago. He looked like he was scolding himself for saying too much.
John hesitated. "But... Molly! I want to stay!"
"You're not a pet. You're a conductor of light." Sherlock whispered and John had to lean closer just to listen to him. "Stay, please."
Program me
"Who knows, maybe even a girl who wants a one-time shag!"
He needed the strength to stop feeling all of that.
greaser
Sarah shrugged. "They'll find you. They'll want to talk to you."
“Well, I’ve got to go”, he said, but he looked a bit hesitant about it.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head. "No. He's tired and he needs to rest. I'll stay in the waiting room."
Sherlock blinked. “Right, right”, he said. “I just- I’ll leave you a homework”, he said, the smile drawing itself on his face.
The rest of the class and of the day of school seemed endless for John, who at lunch time was already incredibly tired and wanted to do anything but go to Sherlock's house. He didn't want to know anything about history , nor about chemistry, nor about the greaser.
John did and turned. They ended parking in the back of a cafeteria, which was a very nice place, in front of them there was a forest, and it had a wonderful look. Sherlock entered and went out holding two milkshakes, which, John thought, looked delicious.
"I don't have your number."
“Nothing of importance.”
he was dying, he was dying and he expressed life through his paintings. That’s just the most wonderful thing an artist could ever manage. That’s why he’s the biggest painter of all times.”
"Wanted to check on you. See how you were, you weren't on your room, and I ended up here."
He looked around the table, there were clearly more people on it today. That was kind of unusual, Mike had his group of friends, but they were always the same five kids he usually saw and sometimes he talked to. But...
Except for those unusual impulses that appeared in his mind, out of nowhere, unbidden and uncontrolled. Sherlock wished he could stop them, but he didn’t really want to. It was…appealing, to say the least.
"You don't seem like it." John said, keeping his eyes on Sherlock's face. "Except for the..."
John stared at him for a moment until he blinked. He shook his head and smiled a bit at Sherlock. "You're right. Sorry. I was a bit- confused. Hello, Mr. Holmes. Have you come to interrogate me?"
He couldn't bring himself to paint them. What was the point?
Tom turned to look at Sarah, who was still messing with the jukebox, his gaze turned to John once again. "I'm glad you're here, Sarah kept asking and asking if you were going to show up."
"How? How can you possibly not know? John! It's me, Sherlock! Sherlock Holmes!" Sherlock said almost desperately, leaning closer to John, invading his personal space and pointing at himself with anxious hands.
But that was wishful thinking. And stupidity.
John closed his eyes for a moment. He couldn’t count all the times he would sit alone, in the middle of nothing, smelling the stench of death and powder and loss and pain and wishing he could go back, wishing he had never left, wishing he had never become famous, wishing he could just
as you so poetically call it, it means that the inspiration is
Sherlock nodded, John grabbed his backpack and was about to leave when the greaser stood up and called him, louder than he intended to. "John!"
John looked at the greaser surprised but he was right, they had to find her, something wasn't right, he felt bile rising up his throat, suddenly he was terrified, what if something happened to Harry?
"Sorry buddy, I just worried about you."
“Was it really that good?”
greaser
"I don't even know myself", Sherlock replied with a shrug.
He didn't know how to make it better, how to fix it, and there was nothing to fix, as John had said.
"Bloody hell, this is not going to end well." Harry went upstairs.
At some point the lights grew dimmer, the sounds were distant and John’s eyes were still looking at him, with worry, but also with a softness that Sherlock would try to describe and store in his mind palace were he not so completely focused in not collapsing at the moment.
Sherlock smiled too, “actually, that does sound like something you’d include in your paintings.”
very very
Sherlock stared at John’s face, trying to ignore the noise and the lights.
*******
“You have no reason to be”, Sherlock whispered. “You didn’t know. I kept you in the dark, like I always did.”
"Nothing. I just... I..." He trailed off, he had no idea what else to say.
“You do?”, he asked, sounding desperate, needing an urgent confirmation.
"No, I don't"
No new messages. No calls. No voicemails. Nothing.
“Prussian blue is the base to achieve these colors, you know?”
“You look tired.”
"We've met before!" Sherlock almost shouted, hoping John would just shut up because he was starting to feel guilty. He hoped the well-timed cyclist wouldn't have done a lot of damage, but apparently it had been even worse. Witnessing a suicide and then having surgery? Oh, John.
“Want me to try?”, she asked menacingly.
She chuckled. "
John leaned closer, not taking his eyes off Sherlock's and didn't say another word. He placed a kiss in Sherlock's forehead and stood there for a moment, his eyes closed. "I think that's adorable."
"I sincerely expected you would call. It's been over two weeks, Sherlock!"
decision!" Hawthorne said pointing at Sherlock, who hadn't reacted at all yet. "But I must ask you, Mr Holmes, are you sure of what you are requesting? This process is irreversible."
"Yes, Mycroft, as usual you are!" Sherlock's voice came almost like a scream.
"Oh, that's what I call a doll!" Greg said as he leaned his back in the door of the car.
pattern, not the constant one. Right. Isabella. Isabella had been killed in a hotel room, disrupting everything. Isabella had been killed in a place that held emotional value for her -it was her usual room and in which she had lived with her husband for a while before divorcing him-
“It’s fine. Take care, John.”
were the perfect words to say goodbye, but then, when nothing happened, he realized he had just felt the absorbing, substantial, overwhelming pain of loss. Pain of regret. Pain of forgetting. Pain of remembrance. Pain of being forgotten. Pain of guilt.
John took a deep breath. "My name is John Watson and I'm here to erase Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock walked towards him and used the same tone to reply, “I wanted to see you paint.”
He dragged a deep breath to control his fear. Too many things were coming together at once: the distant memory of Afghanistan, the forgotten memory of a fall and Sherlock was shot. He had to be on doctor mode now, he couldn't keep on as John Watson.
“Oh I know far too much about James Moriarty. Quite an idiot if you ask me”, she replied simply.
Still, he thought of Sherlock on a daily basis.
"You didn't. There was nothing to ruin", John said, anger and pain drawing in his features.
She closed her eyes and hit
Sherlock stared at him with a
"Yes."
"You don't know that, you don't know me enough."
“And?”
"Don't even get me started on that."
Sherlock was standing in front of his brother, but couldn't quite
“Don’t fall asleep!”, John said after a while, grabbing Sherlock by the chin and turning his face towards him.
Sherlock took his violin again and started playing without saying a word. John left the bags on the kitchen and opened the fridge to put the milk inside, as usual, the fridge was the scenario of Sherlock's experiments. "Sherlock! There's a hand on the fridge!" Sherlock pretended he didn't hear him and kept playing "Sher... Sherlock!" -John shouted.
"Hopefully I won't have to."
Except he had ruined John's life.
Did John pass by? Did he see him in here? Connected to the oxygen and probably receiving an equally high dosage of Naloxone in order to control the overdose? Or did he simply leave him here and decided to be apart from him? How did he find him? Why did he find him? Did Sherlock say anything to him? Did he look at him, with his low blood pressure and his slow breaths and thought he'd die? Did it hurt to see him like that? Does he hate him right now? Will he come back to check on him?
arriving at
John burst into laughter. Sherlock rolled his eyes but couldn’t help smiling too. Seeing John at such an ease, after all they’d been through. He didn’t want to think wishfully, or be stupid, but it gave him a slight, tiny ray of hope that perhaps, perhaps-
And John smiled, a very tiny lift of his lips, but that was enough for Sherlock, who froze there looking at him and finishing his coffee. As soon as he was done, he stood up shakily. "Well, I'd better be off." And he almost fell. Coffee didn't help, he was still very drunk.
Sherlock did all he could to disguise the disgust which drew on his face. "And why isn't he here?" Which was, of course, a relief.
"Yes?" Sherlock said raising an eyebrow.
“Yes well, we could have started twenty minutes ago instead of wasting time with your critiques.”
The next morning Harry woke up late, his mother was doing breakfast for John. As soon as his sister entered to the kitchen, her mother got red with anger and started yelling at her. Harry didn't answer, she just rubbed her head,
John looked at the scarf. He had never seen it before. "New scarf?"
by drawspace. I know next to nothing about drawing (nor about pencils) and it helped me so much! :3
Sherlock looked up immediately. Mycroft smiled. “I knew that would catch your attention.”
Taking a deep breath, John closed the distance between them and kissed him.
And this time he wasn't getting him back.
Harry sighed. "Fine. I'll tell mom. And he
"But why?"
Yet, strangely enough, Sherlock only had one real and genuine thought in mind:
"Fine, it's okay. I'll ask her myself. No problem. But the club meeting is over up until four."
He dreamed of a couple of arms picking him up, dragging him through the carpet and whispering in his ear, telling him to wake up, then caressing his brow with the softest of touches, then the sound of a phone and an ambulance.
"PLEASE!", Sherlock yelled suddenly, standing up and startling John.
*******
John’s hand clenched and unclenched.
“John, you are a brilliant artist, and you’ve seen the horrors of war by yourself. This is the perfect opportunity to resume your career, to be the John Watson you used to be.”
He didn’t.
"I don't think that's a good idea."
Impossible, but the trace was going back to her.
John shook his head trying hard not to make eye contact with Sherlock, whose blue/green/gray eyes were fixed on him. "No, no. Just so you leave that clear to her."
All three times had meant so much for John back then, but now Sherlock hated him and it meant nothing anymore and Sherlock could go to freaking hell except John didn't really want him to.
Or not really, but he found his hope renewed. Until then, he hadn’t expected much, he looked for the next opportunity to actually attempt to make another conversation with John, but after what had happened that night, after what John had texted him that night, Sherlock felt something he barely allowed himself to feel:
Irene turned to look at him worriedly. "What the hell were you doing, Sherlock?"
John smiled softly and cleared his throat.
John kissed his forehead and stood there for longer than necessary, his lips silently stating everything he had no chance to say at the moment. Sherlock wished he could grab him and embrace him and never let him go, but moving his arms seemed like too much of an effort, and everything hurt too much to do it. John broke apart just a couple of inches, but close enough so his breath tingled Sherlock's skin when he whispered, "I'll be right back".
“They don’t. Fantasy intends to imitate perfection, desperately looks for it, but it will only be that, an impression.”
Mycroft realized this had taken his brother by surprise. “Well, it makes sense. Why would he live there after all?”
Sherlock placed his empty cup of tea and stood up. “Alright then, let’s continue.”
"I do know where John lives. He gave me his address the day he moved in, he never invited me, he just said it was in case something happened." Sherlock frowned. "I- I didn't tell you because I knew that it would be too shocking for John to see you alive. I'm sorry."
Then the door opened.
"He gave you the first aids. Controlled the bleeding enough to save your life. He was all Doctor mode when we came in, yelling instructions at us. But as soon as he was taken into the ambulance he nearly collapsed with exertion. He held your hand the whole way to the hospital."
"Where?"
Sherlock walked in as if he owned the place, his hands tucked in the pockets of his Belstaff and looking impressively calm, in contrast to his terrified voice when they had talked to each other a bit more than an hour ago.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned towards the stairs, John was about to follow him but thought it was a little bit rude to Mrs Hudson, so he stood there, smiling. Plus, he was a bit curious.
After a quick ride on a taxi, Sherlock arrived to the commissary, where a man saluted him in a rush and got him inside the police patrol immediately.
It was Sherlock's turn to frown. "What?" He asked, honestly confused.
And he lost his ‘friends’, he lost his money, he lost his prestige, he lost his popularity and he lost his talent. Now no one cared or even remembered that at some point, not so many years ago, the newspapers were filled with the picture of a teenager who had too many hopes and dreams, and had made them true.
But there was no beauty in his kind of world.
John was looking at him, a frown growing in his face.
John raised an eyebrow, not very amused. He didn't like receiving orders.
“You know we can’t,” he replied, grabbing Sherlock’s hips to keep him still and not grind on him. “It’s against the rules of the university and contrary to what you might think, I’m not willing to risk my job to sleep with you.”
He sensed the fear coming from the Alpha and nearly whimpered as he thought about the Alpha being scared and alone in the forest without him. The shock from the fear Sherlock had experienced immediately left the detective as he turned to look at the fidgeting Omega sitting next to him.
Sherlock leaned down and put his lips next to John's ear to whisper, "Your concern for me is making your pheromones go crazy. I know you can't tell, but the four Alphas behind you certainly can tell and they're looking at you like you're a feast."
He dipped his tongue in and out of the detective and slowly swirled around his tight ring until he plunged his entire tongue into the other man.
"Lay on your back for me." John said as he set the box down on the edge of the bed.
thanks for reading! leave your favorite kinks you want to see with these two in the comments!
It was quick and messy and John didn’t slow down until he could feel his swelling knot threaten to slip past the detective’s ring of muscle.
"Absolutely beautiful," he continued, leaning down to kiss further down the taller man's chest. He moved his body down and between slender legs to kiss protruding hipbones and the crease where thigh meets body.
"Give it to me...?"
"I could eat you all day long. I would never get tired of it. You could suffocate me with your pussy and I would die happy," Sherlock groaned against Joan's clit.
They stood there for a while trying to calm their panting before John wet a rag and wiped them down enough to get back to Baker Street and continue what they had started here.
Sherlock had agreed, so tonight he will be receiving his first rim job.
Sherlock sighed as Joan's rubbed against her strong fingers, slowly making a wet patch in the silk material. Gradually, Sherlock moved her fingers slowly to the side of Joan's knickers, and pushed them out of the way to slip her fingers between Joan's wet folds, rubbing steadily against her clit, rolling the sensitive bud between her long fingers.
They both came closer and closer to the edge and with one last squeeze of John’s hand, they both came onto each other’s torsos, mixing their come into a sticky mess.
Sherlock threw her head back and whined at his ministrations, wanting to feel every ounce of pleasure he could give her. He sucked and laved his tongue over her wet nub over and over until he curled his finger just right inside her and she saw stars.
And yet the young man determinedly came over and seduced the pants off of him. Literally.
He could. Sherlock knew he could because he could fit three of his own in there. The thought of all of John's fingers in him, making him stretch and burn was overwhelming and his cock began to leak.
Sherlock flushed a deep red and timidly did as he was asked. As soon as his pants and trousers went down past his knees, the doctor reached between his legs and grabbed Sherlock's testicles. Sherlock gasped and grabbed Dr. Watson's shoulders as the man rolled them between his fingers and massaged them gently for a few moments. The taller man could feel himself getting hard as the doctor continued to fondle his balls like he was enjoying it.
A few moments later, Joan's body tensed and her thighs squeezed around Sherlock's fingers as she came hard, squirting against Sherlock's palm.
He pulled it out completely and replaced it with two fingers easily. He pushed them in and out a few times before adding a third one, starting to stretch the younger man’s hole. He quickly and harshly finished finger fucking him and pulled them out. Sherlock moaned at the loss, but quieted at the feeling of John’s saliva covered cock pushing against his entrance.
"Then hurry up, Doctor," Sherlock said with a wink and sank his mouth all the way down to the base of John's cock in one swift move. John gasped quietly, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as he felt the tip of his cock hit the back of the detective's throat.
Sweat was dripping from both of them at the hard thrusts and John's cock bobbed and swayed under him, dripping profusely.
Sherlock grinned as she watched Joan catch her breath from the first orgasm she'd had in days, before leaning down to kiss her heatedly again.
That had been the day Sherlock had tested the sugar in John's coffee.
Sherlock gasped as John slowly sank his whole length inside of him. He bottomed out and allowed time for Sherlock to adjust before making a few shallow thrusts. John leaned down and tangled his hands into that beautiful hair and held Sherlock's head still as he softly began to kiss him. Very slowly he increased the speed of his thrusts and deepened the kiss into a full blown snog.
John settled into bed and checked a few emails on his phone, before plugging it in, turning off the bedside lamp, and settling himself underneath the duvet to sleep, facing the wall.
John could feel himself getting close and reached down to grip Sherlock's hips firm enough to leave bruises and began to fuck him at a brutal pace. Sherlock's curls bounced back and forth and the headboard began to knock on the wall from the force of John's thrusts.
Sherlock let a lone tear fall from his eye and turned to face his lover, "Please don't John. I'm sorry. I won't do it again. Please please please."
John turned and looked at him, purring with delight, "Sherlock. Sherlock, my Alpha. 'S hot. Please please breed me right now. Don't want anyone else. Want you, Sherlock," John said, most of his words slurred.
Sherlock threw his head back and moaned deliciously loud while he fucked himself back onto the doctor, "Please let me come, sir! I'll do anything! Please!"
"Okay it's time for the last one. I know you can fit it all inside you. I want to see your tight little hole stretch around it," John whispered into Sherlock's ear.
"Just a little longer and you'll get your reward. I've got you. You are doing so well for me."
The investigation continued almost completely without a hitch.
"Please, Sherlock. I won't be mad I promise," John said with a shaky voice, reaching behind to spread himself open for Sherlock, "Please fuck me I need it, please," he begged desperately.
They stood there for several minutes, Joan slowly massaging, and Sherlock starting to softly groan with relief.
"Fuck! You look so hot right now. Your tight hole feels so good around me. I could fuck you forever."
But as it turns out, that was exactly what was about to happen.
"Yes sir."
John's eyes welled up right in front of him and Sherlock almost regretted what he had said, but it was the truth. This was his best friend he was talking to. He couldn't take advantage of him like that, not while he was in this state.
Sherlock slowly pulled off and wiped his mouth with his hand and smiled up at John. John smiled back and zipped his trousers up and pulling the detective up to kiss him.
"So you directly disobeyed me and came without permission, did not get in the position I asked, and you said no to me. You have quite a spanking lined up, better prepare yourself," John 'tsk'ed.
Sherlock dragged him to the room, locked the door behind them, and checked the peephole to make sure, "John, I thought you were going to see Dr. Mortimer. Why were you with him?" he said gravely.
In no time the kiss turned into a dirty make out and Joan was moaning for more again.
Sherlock swung a hand to cover his mouth as a small, almost not audible, gasp left him.
"This'll shut you up."
Sherlock finally gave in and leaned back enough to slip Joan's soft leggings down her thighs and off her legs completely, running her hands from the blogger's knees up to the top to her thighs' smoothing over the goosebumps that lie there.
Sherlock moaned as she ducked her head to lick between Joan's folds. Joan had had one orgasm prior and was glistening wet under her girlfriend's fingers.
John hummed and continued to thrust his fingers in and out, stretching the younger man easily and quickly. After a few long moments of exploring the younger man's arse, John curled his fingers in just the right way and slid them over the sensitive bundle of nerves deep inside the detective.
And he did. He clenched his eyes shut and came all over his stomach with a loud desperate wail into his fist, biting down roughly.
thanks for reading! please leave comments down below i love hearing back from you!
Sherlock studied him for several moments, "You're an Omega?" he asked sharply.
John noticed his desperation and lowered the hand that was holding the vibrator to rest it on Sherlock's lower abdomen.
"Hush, darling. You're doing so well for me. So so good. You just need to be filled up. Do it for me." He said.
A few hours later he woke slightly from the bed dipping behind him. He smiled contentedly, knowing the detective would get a few hours of rest and won't be so cranky the next day, then allowed himself to fall back into a deep sleep.
They gasped in tandem and quickly began to thrust against each other. The aftermath of Joan's orgasm soaking both of them, causing wet noises to bounce off the walls around them.
After several minutes of his gentle ministrations, John leaned forward and gave a tentative lick across Sherlock's entrance. Sherlock gasped and grabbed fistfuls of his duvet, wriggling in John's grip. John held on steady and this time took a lick from the bottom of his perineum up to the top, and over his hole. Sherlock moaned loud and felt his cock get impossibly harder.
John slept fine that night.
John stood, dumbfounded, staring at the pile of clothes next to him. He had never seen Sherlock act out as an Alpha the entire time he'd known him. Not once.
Sherlock moaned, knowing if he didn't control himself and let John do what he wants to him, he would be in trouble. John drew patterns with the small machine on the taller mans stomach and lightly touched it against his aching cock, which elicited a long mewl from the detective. It took all he had to not buck his hips up for more.
John smiled warmly back and helped the detective up and into the bathroom where he drew him a hot bath.
John forced a tight smile and allowed himself to be practically dragged away by Sherlock. His scent shifted from uncomfortable to grateful and pleased as soon as they had rounded the corner.
I appreciate all of your comments please let me know what you think and what you want :)))
"Well either way, I'm glad it happened at all," Sherlock mumbled, "I rather enjoy taking you from behind like that," he growled into the Omega's ear.
Sherlock gasped and moaned loud enough to wake the neighborhood as John continued to slowly eat him out.
Catching onto what the detective was doing, he started rocking his hips into Sherlock's hand until they were both biting down on their lips, trying to keep quiet.
Joan gasped as Sherlock softly pushed her down onto the silky sheets and climbed on her to straddle her thighs. The detective easily slipped the soft t-shirt over Joan's head and smirked before leaning down to kiss at the exposed cleavage between the cups on the light pink bralette the blogger wore.
John howled as he came again and squeezed around the knot buried in him.
Not a second after he uttered the last number, Sherlock was being manhandled over John lap, squirming, trying to cover his backside.
"You wouldn't stoop to the level of spanking me or anything equally humiliating in public. I can tell," he said with a smirk.
Sherlock smiled but still looked away as he helped John lay back into the bath.
Sherlock bit his lip and looked up at John through his eyelashes. John smiled warmly back down at him and leaned down to press a quick chaste kiss to his lips before moving back to the mysterious box next to him.
Joan smiled as she watched her girlfriend get ready for bed in the bathroom mirror, slipping her fingers gently between the strands of ebony curls on the detective's head, massaging her tense scalp.
Once he was satisfied with the way Sherlock stretched around the current toy, he slid it out and grinned as he picked up the last one to coat it with lube.
Thank you for reading! Comment what you would like to see next!
John raised an eyebrow and looked over to where he folded and put his clothes away, "I don't know yet, why?"
He supposed it would be fine since his heats usually didn't happen around this time of the month and if he just encouraged Sherlock to solve the case faster, they would be home in no time, with no need for unexpected visitors to help him out.
Comments make my day :)))
Sherlock let her head fall to the side with a deep blush as the man studied what she looked like. After several long moments he leaned his head forward and took a long flat lick between her folds. She groaned and lifted her hips up, desperate for more.
John smiled and pulled his hand back. "All good there, now turn around and bend over the table."
Sherlock, in all his impatience and hurriedness to get back to the case they were supposed to be on, spit in his hand and wrapped it around both of their cocks before John knew what was actually happening.
Once there, he placed John carefully in the passenger's seat, laid all the way back.
Sherlock's face turned red, already knowing what was about to happen. How dare John think he was going to just lay here and take a beating over something he couldn't control. It was totally unfair and he wasn't going to put up with it.
They both moaned as the taller woman took her time, alternating between sucking one of Joan's nipples and gently using her fingers to tease the other one. After only a couple minutes of teasing, Joan began to undulate her hips towards Sherlock's body.
The doctor bit down on his lip hard as he could as he thrusted one last time, coming down Sherlock's throat with no warning. Sherlock didn't need one of course. He could tell when John got close and braced himself to swallow it all. John rode out the aftershocks of his orgasm and released his hold on the detective's head.
Sherlock could barely get through the door without already stripping his clothes off. John's steady hands rounded the corner right behind him to help him unbutton and unbuckle all the garments in his way of having Sherlock's body. After the detective was fully stripped, he hopped onto the bed, facing John, legs spread, waiting for him.
“A butt plug? Looks like you won’t need very much opening up, you dirty boy,” John said, reaching down to twist and pull at the plug, making Sherlock mewl and squirm.
Joan sucked in a breath and moaned at the words. "Do it then. Let me ride your face and we’ll see how long you can handle it.”
Sherlock was sweating and panting, looking absolutely wrecked, and John felt his hard cock pressing against the fabric of his jeans.
Sherlock blushed a deep crimson and slowly stood up, before buttoning up his trousers and following John to the door.
The detective bit his lip and moaned as John slowly pushed the toy all the way in. John left the it there and stood up fully. Sherlock was looking at him inquisitively, wondering why John wasn't ruthlessly fucking him with his new toy.
They got ready the next morning bright and early, since Sherlock had his 24 hour pass to the military base starting that day. John showered (Sherlock added that he could use his soap since it would make John smell more like him), and John did.
Their mouths hotly mashed against each other's as they came, juices flowing from their bodies and getting the sheets dirty, but they didn't notice as they stared into each other's eyes, communicating wordlessly in the afterglow of the best session of love making they had ever experienced.
He looked back at John, pleading with his red-rimmed eyes. John smirked and flicked the toy off inside his coat.
"Please please I'm ready please I can handle it," John said, his own fingers in tight fists in the sheets and toes curled.
Joan gasped and tightened her fingers around Sherlock's arms, bucking her hips wildly, but in tune with the rhythm Sherlock set.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock's eyes slipped closed as she tilted her head back, smiling widely, leaning into the touch.
John did it again, slightly higher this time and waited until he heard a quiet, "Two."
They stood there for several minutes, Joan slowly massaging, and Sherlock starting to softly groan with relief.
As they walked to their room that night at the inn, John realized he had forgotten to mention the sleeping arrangements.
"Sh-sherlock, save m-me," the poor Omega on the floor whimpered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock almost collapsed completely, barely catching himself on his hands on either side of John's body on the bed, while he tried to catch his breath.
Without anymore hesitation Sherlock dove forward and licked a long slow stripe between the other woman's folds. Joan yelped in surprise which faded into a heavy moan. Sherlock continued to slowly lap at her pussy while pushing in two fingers, moving faster and faster until Joan let out a long high-pitched moan, releasing juices all over Sherlock's fingers and the bedspread. The taller woman lapped up what she could and leaned up to caress her panting girlfriend's cheek. Joan smiled at her as she caught her breath. "Wow," she panted. Sherlock smiled and held her until she calmed down. "Round two?" she asked. "Oh God yes," Joan moaned
* * * * *
John frowned at this. “I- I don’t really know.” He chuckled, and Bilbo couldn’t help but laugh too. Then the hobbit peered at John, his brow furrowing.
He looked up again, annoyed.
“Honestly Thorin, I don't see why you're so jealous,” Sherlock declared. “It's practically masturbation.”
“Romantic? Really John, I need you to try to be practical here.”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice held no surprise, and he raised an eyebrow as the shorter man struggled again to speak.
“Again. I didn't say anything that was untrue,” Sherlock argued.
“Indoor plumbing?” Sherlock mumbled in annoyance. “Isn't Middle Earth a bit too medieval for such amenities?”
“Oh now that's just ridiculous,” Sherlock complained. He looked on, frustrated but relieved, as the dwarves were scooped up and flown off into the night.
WARNING:This chapter is a hot mess. I don't care, because it makes me giggle. Sorry Sherlock!
Enjoy!
“Why was there a random vial of oil in your coat pocket?”
Sherlock quirked a grin, giving John an amused sidelong glance.
“Have you noticed we have a very similar laugh?” Bilbo asked.
Bard the Bowman, bitch!
The elf began to chant in a strange and beautiful language, her words rolling and flowing   around one another like water in a stream.
“Sherlock, what is it?” John asked.
A thick sob wracked John’s frame, the empty hollow bite of grief ripping through him once again. He got up and wiped himself down with his discarded t-shirt and crawled back under the covers.
“Erm, thank you?”
“My grandmother is a better warrior than you.”
“Great,” Sherlock said weakly, lifting his hand from where he had been clutching his stomach. It was covered in his own blood, and there was a small puddle of it pooling beneath him. His head was swimming and he felt darkness creeping in around his peripheries.
What do you think John's favorite color actually is? I submit it is the exact same shade of blue as Sherlock's eyes. But maybe I'm projecting.
Bilbo told John his favorite color. John agreed. Sherlock wasn’t even there, and he was still irate over the author’s continuous inability to assign John a favorite color.
“I can't believe you did that,” John grinned widely at Sherlock, shaking his head in amusement. “The look on Thranduil's face....”
John's breath stuttered lightly. He could hardly stand to look at Sherlock. Dark hair curling and framing his face carelessly, icy blue eyes leveling that burning stare straight through him. Sherlock arched a graceful brow, and John couldn't help his gaze dropping to those tempting lips as the detective's tongue flicked out to wet them.
*****
“You are not nearly so clumsy,” Smaug agreed. “You did not intend to dodge my attack?”
The clouds lifted a bit, rain slowing to a light drizzle.
Bilbo gave the tall man a scowl. “Hobbit.”
“You’re boring me,” the dragon hissed. “If you don’t have anything of interest to say, there is no sense in letting you live.” Smaug readied himself to lunge at the men.
“Yes, now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to find a hot beverage.” With that, John stood and left, Sherlock staring after him shocked and confused.
John was grateful. Grateful she had gone, so he could sit and stare at his flat mate, without having to pretend he wasn’t. Without having to block out the droning noise of people talking. It was too much. Too noisy. Too messy.
Sherlock grinned triumphantly. “Excellent.”
Sherlock pressed his wrist to John's forehead. “No, you're not. You're sick,” Sherlock declared. “Come on. I'll take you back to the room.” He wrapped an arm around John's waist, surprised the doctor didn't object.
“Good afternoon! Good to see you up and around, Mr. Holmes,” the hobbit declared politely.
“So does the author,” Sherlock muttered as another clap of thunder and stomp of a stone giant shook the mountain, knocking Sherlock off his feet.
“John,” Sherlock's voice was breathier as the anticipation wound ever tighter. “John!” he gasped as a tongue ran up the crease of his thigh.
“I’m going out,” he announced, rubbing his fingertips together nervously.
“You heard me!”
“Because she wants you to be.”
“What was that?”
John nudged the detective pointedly. “Sherlock?” he muttered in a warning tone.
“There seems to be a little side romance story occurring as well. Our author is also a Dwalin/Ori shipper.”
Sherlock quirked a grin, shifting his gaze away. “But you couldn't say I'm a friend.”
a vial of oil.
Tauriel. The guard was running, sprinting, down the river back, taking out every orc in her path, her eyes picking Kili out after every kill. She was intent on keeping him from harm. Any orc who targeted him was quickly eliminated.
“Who are you?” Thranduil ground out between clenched teeth.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shrugged. “No problem.” Before he could shoot, Bilbo had run into his line of fire, and was now facing off with the orcs.
John nodded, refusing to relinquish his hold on Sherlock's hand, and the two of them stepped off the cliff. They landed hard, the breath rushing from their lungs as the sound of rustling wings met them. They were airborne.
Really? There was no way the tree could balance on the ledge with as much weight as was on it. Sherlock shook his head. This was not the time to become agitated with impossibilities. He looked around from where he clung to the trunk of the tree. Dwarves hung everywhere, holding on for dear life. All but Thorin Oakenshield, who was marching down the trunk to go face the pale orc on his own.
“Get up! There isn't much time!” Thorin barked at the two men.
The hobbit glanced over as John Watson made his way to Sherlock's side. The two regarded each other uneasily, before Bilbo took a hesitant step back.
Beorn was not a fan of Sherlock, or Thorin it seemed, but he had gotten along quite well with Bilbo and John. The two had been helping Beorn in the kitchen for the better part of the last hour, and Sherlock and Thorin were getting quite tired of being ignored.
“You were recently sliced open by a filthy beast and you haven't eaten more than a few mouthfuls in several days. Of course you are weak and in pain you fool,” John answered irritatedly.
“I have no more idea as to how we came to be here than you do as to how you came to be an elf lord in Middle Earth,” Sherlock answered shortly.
Thank you for reading! As always, comments are appreciated!
Of course John meant more to him than what his body could offer. He... well, he loved John.
“There you are,” John whispered, his breath sending shivers under Sherlock's skin. He looked up, face soft, eyes heavily lidded and gave Sherlock a wry grin.
“What? No- No, nothing. Just... lead on,” John answered, voice wavering a bit.
“-there's nothing like it, my lad. Nothing like it.”
“Yes. It is,” the silence between them was companionable, as though they had known each other their entire lives.
It was nearly dawn when Sherlock lowered himself at John's side. He gently set his hand on the doctor's shoulder, shaking him gently, which was a redundant use of the word 'gently' and frankly it had lost all meaning after he repeated it in his head. His lips quirked in a grin as he watched John wrinkle his nose, frowning slightly.
“Am I?!” John demanded.
*****
“You. Short person.”
“It's obviously a trap,” Sherlock countered, poking his head into the cave they had found.
“Fine, thank you. Just need to go to bed,” John answered.
“Sherlock,” John began softly, taking the detective's chin into his hand. “It's not alright. I left you here, injured, on the floor, by yourself, because I was having an emotional outburst for no reason.”
No, no, Sherlock was fine. Sherlock was right here.
“How the fuck should I know?!? Now tell me how to fix him!”
John frowned. An evil forest wasn't exactly something he thought possible. Sure, there were bad people in the world. But how could a forest be sick from evil? That seemed far too narrow minded for him. Surely there was some kind of actual disease in the vegetation making the forest seem sick and evil. That had to be it.
Sherlock contained his smirk at the flush that covered John's face. The doctor clenched his jaw determinedly, before he moved to stand behind Sherlock. He grabbed the waistband and pulled down.
“John? You know I’m not here?”
“What?” Bilbo frowned, confused.
Ah, time jumping. Sherlock groaned. How the hell had they gotten into barrels in the first place? One moment, he was springing everyone from jail, and now the next they were crammed into barrels and careening down the rapids. Small barrels, mind you. By all rights, Sherlock should not be able to fit into one. Even John was too tall to-
“Oh, honestly. Misunderstandings, tension, and now pining and angst,” Sherlock grumbled as he pulled his clothes back on. “Women. This is madness!”
Thorin scowled, fury radiating from him in waves.
*****
John shrugged, turning back to his tea. “Sherlock would say it’s the author being an unimaginative twat.”
“Run,” Sherlock muttered, then he turned to the dwarves around him. “Grab your weapons! Let's go!”
John scowled at Sherlock as the detective muffled his laughter into his fist. Stupid git. He didn't understand why Sherlock found such amusement in the fact that John had been mistaken for Bilbo several times now,  nor who Martin Freeman was or what he had to do with it. Honestly, most everything was maddening, if he took the time to analyze it too much.
“Sherlock?” John's brow furrowed in concern.
Sherlock laughed, Thorin chuckling along with him. Bilbo and John looked up at the unfamiliar sound, eyes wide and mouths agape.
Sherlock shook his head. He would just have to get used to the hobbit popping up out of nowhere.
“We both know of what I speak!”
John Watson was an adrenaline junky. He loved running for his life, so long as there was a certain detective running alongside him. Sherlock had breathed life back into him, convinced him it was worth living for. John often wondered if Sherlock had known how close John had been. How meaningless his life had felt.
Smaug frowned, an expression Sherlock found a bit amusing, yet quite terrifying on the dragon’s reptilian face.
“I- well I didn't know him. Perhaps he had more sense than you,” Sherlock attempted to take back a bit of the insult to Thorin's line. “After all, if your father was from the line of Durin, perhaps it's your mother who was the idiot-”
“John?”
Sherlock froze, gazing back into dark pools of midnight, uncertainty marring his features.
John grinned. “Sherlock is.... Sherlock is very different from most,” he explained. “He often times doesn't care if he hurts peoples feelings, and I think that is simply because he so frequently doesn't realize that he's doing it, so if he were to feel bad about it, he would feel bad all the time. Sherlock's brain doesn't work like most peoples, it's......” John shook his head, unable to find a proper description. He let his shoulders drop and huffed. “It's beautiful. His mind. The way it works,” he gave Bilbo a nervous grin and shook his head.
“That depends. Did you notice this was a trap?”
Sherlock followed the moonlit path out through the back garden. He kicked at the rocks that littered the ground, frustrated with his situation. He thought about how he would bring up the subject with John again, and felt maybe this time, John would be more open to seduction. After all, near death experience often led to lowered inhibitions, much like alcohol consumption.
Sherlock glared down at the warg that was currently attacking their perch. Their tree was already mostly uprooted, inevitably they would have to jump to the closest one beside it. Sherlock grabbed John's hand and as the tree began to fall, the two leapt into the boughs of the next.
“Hm?” John squinted up at Sherlock, his face going from curious to livid within the span of a few seconds. “It's too early for your bull shit, Sherlock.” John wrapped the blanket tighter around him and flung himself down, turning to face the wall.
“Run!” the hobbit yelled as he leapt past them and tumbled down the hill of gold coins. Sherlock and John froze as the dragon's keen eye spotted them.
“Just... keep moving, John. Quickly. And for the love of all that is good, don't look at me!” Sherlock demanded.
* * * * *
“What is he talking about?”
Sherlock grinned. Perhaps being in a fanfic wasn't all so terrible after all.
“Git.”
John scrubbed at his face. “I would be. I would be, if he hadn’t- If- If I hadn’t spent-” John groaned and stormed into the bathroom and slammed the door.
It was nearing nightfall when they stopped to make camp on the outskirts of a thick and foreboding forest, and the horses were getting restless. John could have sworn the horses were much smaller when they had started off from Beorn's, but clearly he was mistaken. How, he couldn't be sure. All he knew was when they finally got down off their horses and set to make a meal for the evening, he was very grateful. His legs were sore and he was famished. He sat on the cold ground while Gloin and Bombur set about lighting a fire. It wasn't long before a certain hobbit came to sit with him.
2. Expect more angst!!! Because things are about to get dark! I've already planned the rest of the fic and we're already heading for a fall! (metaphorically speaking)
"Sure." She nodded. "You must be going through a lot, coming back from the death -I'm still mad at you by the way- and finding that John... Oh, Sherlock." She said, with tears in her eyes.
“What did you just say?”
It was a perfectly logical assumption, but Melissa…he had
matched Alice’s. No one else’s. We confiscated and inspected every knife we found in his apartment and found none in his office. Sherlock, he didn’t kill all those people.”
10, 11, 12 seconds.
John replied, sighing loudly. "I told you, I'm fine, and what do you care anyway?"
I wanted to state that this is not a case fic, I don't like case fics and find them boring, so I try not to turn my fics into case fics, although with this one it was almost impossible. Just keep in mind that all of the details of the case are somehow related to John and Sherlock's relationship.
What the fuck was he saying? He would never.... “Oh GOD! More! Harder!”
Sherlock frowned and shook his head incredulously.
“John?” Sherlock was suddenly at his side, his face full of concern. “John, are you alright?”
“I- I have for a while… and I never told you.” He swallowed again and cleared his throat. “I should have,” he looked down at the headstone again, his voice growing lower, more sincere. “I should have told you before, and maybe- maybe you wouldn’t have jumped. But that’s- that’s not something anyone can change now.” He shifted, burying his hands in his pockets. “I met someone, and she- well, she makes me…happy. At least, as happy as I have ever been without… well, without you. And that… that’s… something. So,” he looked down, shuffling his feet. “I’m going to marry her. At least, I will if she says yes.” John huffed a humorless chuckle. “I guess… I guess that’s it.” He turned to leave but thought better of it. He looked back, face sincere, and he could see Sherlock standing before him. “Thank you,” he breathed, “thank you for… for everything. You truly were… my best friend.” A single tear escaped, rolling down John’s cheek as he reached toward Sherlock’s imagined face.
John opened his eyes, and his apparition again had a clean face, dressed in his usual robe and pajama bottoms. John sighed, relief overwhelming him, and he took a sip of his tea.
“Are you going to have a bit to eat? Or are you going to skip tonights meal and jump right to having Uncle for dessert?!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, Mahal, John,” Sherlock had no idea who or what Mahal was, but if the author wanted him to say it, so be it. As long as John didn't stop. As long as this continued. This amazing, building passion inside him. His skin tingled where it touched John's, and he didn't care that that sounded cheesy. It didn't matter. All that mattered was this moment, this connection and the fact that it was John he was sharing it with.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered, voice dripping with honey, “yes, John.”
“Oh! Oh John!” Sherlock called out, the exclamation surprising him as much as it befuddled him. “Oh John yes! Ah! Yes!”
“Do you feel it?” John asked curiously.
Thorin stood, shoulders hunched, arms crossed angrily over his chest as he and Sherlock glared daggers at Beorn, who was puttering about the kitchen. John and Bilbo flitted about, far too excited to be helping.
Bilbo chuckled. “I don't think I could do him justice. You'll meet him soon enough. But your world. Will you tell me about it?”
“Most likely,” Sherlock agreed.
By the end of a week, Sherlock was absolutely certain they were in a fanfic. The details of their world were unremarkable and lacked much depth, conversations happened mostly one at a time, certain traits about people stood out more than others for no apparent reason and honestly, there was no way in hell Thorin Oakenshield's eyes were that blue! And how on Earth could his hair remain so shiny and soft looking in the wilderness?
“It's a Male/Male fanfic, John, there's always unexplainable and aptly available oil. Or lube. Or copious amounts of spit, but I for one, am not a fan of spit as lube.”
More silliness. I hope you enjoy it!
They made their way slowly across the floor, and Sherlock couldn't help but to admire the man supporting him. John was shorter than Sherlock, but he was surprisingly sturdy. Sherlock could feel the stretch and bunching of shoulder muscles beneath his arm, and why the hell was he thinking about this right now?
“Could I- I mean, would you rather…” John gestured vaguely.
John shook his head. “No idea.”
John furrowed his brow. “I- I don't really know.”
* * * * *
Sherlock’s voice was rough, and hearing John’s name roll from those lips with such relief, such… near reverence. John didn’t know what he felt first. Anger. Fear. Rage. Hurt. Disbelief.
She did.
After twenty two hours of scouring his mind palace, Sherlock found himself shaken from his thoughts by a persistent doctor.
John’s face was nearly murderous.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered.
“Sorry. Not interested,” Sherlock declared as he swung his legs over the edge of the bed. “John, where are my trousers?”
Sherlock huffed. “Very well. What do you want, Lord Elrond?” Sherlock asked petulantly.
“More tea?” Bilbo asked his guest as he went ahead and poured more into John’s cup.
“I am the Lord Elrond,” the pointy eared man said, “and I wish to speak with you.”
John’s shoulders slumped as he nodded gratefully. He trudged after Sherlock up the familiar stairs and into the flat where shadows of the past would be brought into the light.
“Erm... Where did you get that shirt?”
Sherlock nodded, more focused on getting John's clothes off. He went to find his pack and pulled out one of his own shirts and helped John into it.
“Sherlock!” John's voice was frantic as he came running to the younger man's aid. With the help of Dori and Dwalin, John managed to shift the corpse off of the stunned detective's chest.
“I said I'm not scared, Sherlock!” John declared, pulling his hand out of Sherlock's grasp and resuming his agitated pacing.
Obviously this one was the leader.
Although, John had killed a man to save his life shortly after they had first met. Perhaps it was not so uncommon to love so fiercely so soon.
Well this was just great. He and John had managed to escape death countless times in the real world, but apparently this was where their luck would run out. Sherlock looked around the cliff side. There was no conceivable way they were going to survive this. John had a few rounds left, true enough, but it wouldn't be adequate to stop the entire pack from devouring every one of them. And it would do nothing to stop them from plummeting to their inevitable death.
John turned quickly and hastened away. He swore to himself that would be the last time he allowed himself to think too hard about Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock stopped in his tracks. “Gorgeous?”
“You alright?” John asked, a bit breathlessly.
“NO!”
“Hello there,” John said with a kind smile. “What's your name?”
Despite the reservations the people first seemed to have, they soon became quite the hosts. Laketown could really throw a party, John mused as he sat at the table watching as everyone celebrated. They were a simple people, dreaming only of living in a bit of comfort instead of the squaller they all seemed doomed to. If the fat and greedy master would only loosen his purse strings a bit, his people wouldn't suffer so.
They were true.
They stood a few moments longer, staring intently at one another, both refusing to move.   John's gaze kept shifting from Sherlock's face to the solid form of Sherlock's chest, perfectly accentuated by his wet white tunic.
“No. Nothing.” Bilbo frowned, then came closer. He slowly set his hand on John’s shoulder, and John jumped.
“Erm... I believe I'm in need of a good washing,” John suddenly declared.
“You'd better go with him,” Beorn said, giving Sherlock a sidelong glance. “None of you should walk alone outside of these walls.”
John glanced around at the concerned faces now turned towards him.
Thranduil's grasp of his temper wavered a bit. He slapped the armrest as he yelled. “This is MY kingdom! You HAVE no rights unless I decide so!”
“A goblin wouldn't know that piece of metal was a weapon,” Thorin interjected. “They wouldn't know they should have taken it.”
Sherlock grinned, relishing the way the neckline hung loosely around one of John's shoulders, the hem hitting him barely at mid-thigh. “Yes. It looks better on you.”
Sherlock was beside himself. His attempt at seducing John had gone rather well, he decided. The results had been favorable, though a bit insufficient. He had thought to try again when John came to help him out of the tub, but John simply led Sherlock to his chair and handed him a towel. The doctor had been all too careful when helping Sherlock into a fresh set of clothes, never letting his touch linger for longer than necessary, and keeping his distance.
John looked at the detective, irritation plain in his features.
“What?” John snapped, a bit annoyed at the probable bruising he would have on his ribs.
“There wasn't anything to fit us,” John answered Sherlock's silent question. “We're much taller than the people here.”
Elrond sighed. “I'm afraid I can't tell you that. Not without knowing what has brought you to us in the first place.”
Sherlock awoke to the sensation of falling, a common dream for many, and a common way of being jerked into consciousness by an overactive mind. He made to reach for his phone on the nightstand, but found his arm was pinned over his chest. He opened his eyes to discover he was wrapped in a sort of white sheer material.
“How many rounds do you have left?”
“Now we make camp. Go see what you can find for fire wood,” Thorin responded.
Sherlock looked down at John. There was the other reason he was sure they were in some kind of romantic fanfic. John had never looked more beautiful. Sherlock had always loved John, sure, but here? For some reason, he couldn't keep his mind off his friend for more than a moment. Romantic feelings were not something he usually got, and he had been nearly drowning in them the last couple days.
“Elves? You can't be serious.”
Sherlock looked at John as though he had grown two heads. “For what? To who?”
He glanced up as John managed to free himself from the thorned bushes once again. He gave Sherlock an aggravated huff and rolled his eyes when Sherlock grinned in response.
I regret nothing.
“I’m sorry Mary, I need- I’ll be right back,”  he marched away, toward the Sherlock that certainly couldn’t be Sherlock, but didn’t look like he is a ghost or a memory or a… whatever John had conjured up in his mind those last years.
He groaned in frustration, before looking to John again.
They hadn't gone far when Sherlock was suddenly wishing he and John had not managed to catch up with the dwarves at all. The sky had opened up into a torrential rain storm, complete with ground shaking thunder and lightning intense enough to illuminate everything around them.
“And?” John urged.
Sherlock's eyes widened. “Well, I suppose we're facing a dragon. Come on, then, John. We best get on with it.” At least he wasn't going to die a virgin.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter! Wonder how our modern world pair will do with Bard and his family? As always, thank you for reading! More soon!
Thorin stood before his mighty foe, Fili and Kili flanking him on either side. He glared dangerously at the pale orc, adjusting his grip on the handle of Orcrist.
John huffed then continued helping Sherlock across the room. Thankfully, it wasn't long before they had reached the bath. John settled Sherlock carefully into a chair and sat at the edge of the tub to turn on the hot water.
“Don't make me come up there!”
John looked down at the brown paper and twine in his hands, then glanced up at Sherlock warily.
Heartbreak? He knew John would miss him, but absolute misery? Guilt? These were not things he thought he would be leaving John with. He took a deep breath and faced John again.
“I’m not here, John,” Sherlock said from his chair, shaking John from his thoughts. “I’m not really here.”
“Lost?” Sherlock asked, brow furrowed.
Oh. He was going to act out of character too. Fantastic. His legs were far too shaky, his vision blurred by highly unnecessary tears. He leaned against the side of the tub and slowly slid down to sit on the cold stone floor.
John frowned in confusion. “Romance?”
Yay! They finally managed a little something together!
“Sherlock!” John yelled angrily, “Apologize!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You... you are very important to me. I needed to tell you that. That and, I am very fond of you, John. I know my actions of late probably have not been very convincing, but I assure you, you mean more to me than a quick orgasm in the river.”
Sherlock didn't get much time to curse her for it. The air suddenly went hot and Bilbo was running toward them.
“I didn't say anything that was untrue.”
Sherlock grimaced. Ugh. He had so hoped he would be able to apologize privately. Unfortunately, it seemed he would have to do it here, in front of the company. Thankfully, it seemed most were sleeping, and the ones that had risen early were already off in the kitchen.
“Hair kink? How predictable.”
It was John's turn to roll his eyes. “Yes, Sherlock, I happen to notice when someone is gorgeous, and she is most definitely an example! Don't be ridiculous.”
“That felt…. Strange,” Bilbo admitted.
Sherlock gazed hungrily at the expanse of exposed skin. He licked his lips, then squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. “Yes. The dwarves were eager to continue on, and we'll be lucky if they haven't left us already,” Sherlock answered as stood up and tossed John his pants.
“What is it?” the leader, the one Sherlock assumed must be Thorin, stopped in his tracks when he spotted Sherlock. His head tilted down and he gave the tall man an assessing look.
John frowned. So, it had happened. It had finally happened. Sherlock had lost his fucking mind. Though, to be fair, John had that thought several times in the past, and to be honest, Sherlock constantly seemed to lose his mind. So what did it matter really?
“How can you tell?” Bilbo asked innocently, suddenly appearing at Sherlock's side and leaning in to have a look.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Surely this shouldn't hurt so terribly,” Sherlock groaned between clenched teeth as John took the taller man's arm and slung it over his shoulders, taking most of Sherlock's weight.
“You should really think about getting out for a while. It’s not good for you, sitting cooped up in this stuffy flat day in and day out.”
Sherlock stood fuming, his back to a pillar in the great skin-changer's kitchen. Through the spectacle after they had landed, in which Thorin embraced Bilbo, all sunny eyed and horridly romantic, Sherlock had barely contained his anger. The moment the dwarf and hobbit had their moment, Sherlock had gone off on Gandalf, accusing him of leaving them to the goblins, then demanding an explanation as to why the eagles couldn't have taken them straight to Erebor themselves.
Sherlock’s smirk grew into an amused grin. “Nope. Now come on. The rest have arrived.”
“Here,” John sat back quickly, shaking them both from the moment. He held out a hand for Sherlock to take, helping the taller man to his feet. He hesitated, his hands fidgeting at his sides as he waited for Sherlock to remove his pants.
“No, no it's ok,” John's voice was gentle, and he couldn't help but notice the way the firelight played with the gorgeous color of Sherlock's eyes. “I- I....”
Sherlock stared up at John's firm and troubled face. He had never seen the doctor look quite like this before. His eyes were wild, more so than when they had been on any case, and his hands were shaking slightly.
Happy Holidays and please enjoy!
“Yes. I’m going to… to clear my head.”
“WHAT?! Where are you going?!” John demanded.
“Don't you 'Jawn' me, Sherlock! And now, I have to sit here and listen to you rant and rave because the plumbing doesn't make sense!” John stopped pacing, leveling his glare at the younger man. “I am tired, I am cranky, I smell like wet dwarf and sweat, and I am ready to go home!”
“Sherlock?” John sounded concerned, which only made Sherlock and Thorin laugh harder. Thorin patted Sherlock's back, holding his stomach as his laughter died off.
Thorin smirked. “You've surprised me again, Mr. Holmes. Let's get out of this god-forsaken dump.”
“What are you looking for?” John finally asked.
“Is he always like that?” Bilbo asked softly.
Love. What a foreign word. A foreign condition. A new territory to explore, and Sherlock was surprised to find it didn't scare him or disgust him one bit. Not with John.
“Make me!”
Elrond gave a slight bow of his head, then swept off and out the door.
Bilbo frowned. “What?”
More soon!
Great. His thoughts seemed messy and poorly worded in his head again, as though they were written haphazardly across a page where someone was desperately trying to line them up, but was doing so too hastily to make them flow properly. That kept happening. Strange. Perhaps Sherlock would have a theory on it. He would probably say something about it being the author being too stupid and in a hurry to give John's thoughts much... thought.
Thranduil's eyes were full of fury as he studied the man before him.
“If you two are quite finished fooling around in there, we need to be heading off!” Gandalf's voice was firm, but Sherlock didn't think the wizard was angry.
* * * * *
“Aren't you supposed to be a genius?!”
Wait, was this the end? Sherlock frowned, grasping at his hair in agitation. Was this really how this fic was going to end? All these chapters, all the ridiculousness and half-baked plot line, just to end with no real-
“John, you are ill. I have no intention of taking advantage of you. But I do fully intend to take care of you.”
It helped, two days later, when Sherlock was allowed out of bed for more than a few minutes at a time. He was urged to leave his room, with assistance of course, and start taking regular walks. John always accompanied him, and Sherlock couldn't decide if that was a good thing or not. The scenery and fresh air definitely helped clear Sherlock's mind, keeping his focus off of John for the most part, though the steady presence at his side and occasional reassuring hand on the small of his back was quite distracting.
Balin walked Bilbo down into the dark maw of the mountain, returning moments later looking nervous and quite a bit guilty.
“You know what I mean.” Sherlock sighed and spun to face him. “Alright then, doctor. What is your suggested treatment?”
Was it morning? Evening? How long had they been laying on the floor before the hearth? How was the damn fire still burning? How many days had they been in this god-forsaken-town?
Sherlock shifted his legs slightly so the waistband would catch around his knees. He looked back at John mischievously, and the doctor took the challenge. John dropped to one knee, trying to ignore the sharp intake of breath as his face brushed against the skin of Sherlock's outer thigh. He leaned down and finished removing Sherlock's pants, then grabbed one foot and lifted, pulling it free, before doing the same for the other.
“Ah! The elf! The elf will know!” Sherlock jumped up to stand before the beautiful captain of the guard as she came into the room. “Tra- Talil- dammit....you! With the red hair! Fix him!” Sherlock gestured dramatically toward the dwarf on the table as John rolled his eyes.
“being watched,” John concluded, interrupting Sherlock before he could say something that may change the way the dwarves looked at them.
“Give me the gems!”
“At any rate, I felt a need to help them. A need to see them home. I feel for them, displaced and wandering, searching for a place to call home. Anyway, so here I am.” Bilbo gave John a quick smile, one that John couldn't quite return.
“Press your hand to the brick. I want to see if we have some of the same sensations,” Bilbo urged.
Cold and wet. Everyone was cold and wet. The town on the lake was a miserable place, smelling distinctly of rotten fish and misery. Bard had managed to smother the company into his little home through the toilet. There were a few dwarves who were in no way impressed, but Sherlock found it amusing. Of course, his amusement was dampened by his discomfort. His clothes were soaked and the air was damp and freezing cold. Being inside didn't do much to help, the draft in the miserable little building was horrible.
The responding smile was beyond anything Sherlock had ever seen on John's face. The doctor pulled him close and began kissing him in earnest, pulling him down onto the rug before the fire.
“Kili. Kili, Sherlock,” John corrected.
How convenient.
“John!” he cried out.
“No, I saw it. Glowing yellow eyes there between the trees,” John argued.
“I would apologize, but I am not sorry I jumped,” Sherlock said simply.
“What the bloody hell just happened?” John demanded.
The Plot thickens! Sherlock is not impressed. But I hope you are! And yes. I do poke fun at myself in this chapter as well.
“I feel that. As though my hand can feel the warmth of my own shoulder,” John said in surprise.
“Master Baggins,” Thorin addressed the hobbit, “we can not hope to feed two more, especially of their size. Besides,” Thorin turned back to Sherlock and John. “if you are not elves, then what are you? You're not wizards, are you?” Thorin was still skeptical.
John shook the thought away. He glanced at Sherlock from the back of his pony and grinned. He really did look ridiculous, all long awkward limbs hanging from a creature that by all rights shouldn't be able to carry such a tall man so carelessly. Though, as Sherlock kept reminding John, they were in a fanfic. John wasn't entirely sure what exactly that meant, only that they were in some kind of story, written by a woman, and somehow, it was fictional. John didn't feel fictional. He felt quite real, thank you very much. And frankly, so did Sherlock. Particularly when he was beneath John, breathing labored, lips slightly parted.... John shook his head again as he heard chuckling from in front of him. He furrowed his brow and watched as Nori gave Sherlock a lascivious wink. What was... oh. John had been staring at Sherlock intensely for the last several minutes, and clearly Nori had noticed. Did Nori know? Well, so what if he did. John really didn't much care.
“Are you alright?” Bilbo asked.
Yea. I amuse myself. I hope I amuse you too!
John got up, grabbing his pants that just happened to be by the tree next to him and began pulling them on.
John frowned. “Honestly, I'm not sure why I'm so bothered.”
John and Sherlock tumbled to the ground as pandemonium erupted around them. Bilbo and the dwarves had surrounded them, taking up arms against the spiders and keeping John and Sherlock from being harmed as the doctor tried to shake the detective from his stupor.
Thorin turned to face Sherlock, his hair billowing out in the breeze. Sunlight glistened off his hair and brought a sparkle to his eyes. They were far too blue, blue as bright and deep as sapphire.
Comments and kudos appreciated! Thank you all for following along! More soon
“In the fountain?” John queried, and as if in response there was a loud splash and an angry shout from the far side of the fountain.
“Some kind of romance fic,” Sherlock answered indifferently.
After Nori had left Sherlock standing by the river, feeling rather like a giant arsehole, the detective had decided to walk along the river bank and further consider the thief's words. The more he thought on it, the worse he felt. He had utterly and completely used John, and been unaware he was doing so in the moment. Had he truly always been this selfish? He had always considered himself a sociopath, but apparently, he had been wrong, at least in this universe. The writer clearly wanted him to have emotions, and feelings of guilt were not anything he was used to.
John moved out of 221B. He couldn’t look Sherlock in the eye after that night. He couldn’t move past the shame of what he’d done. He had brought himself off in Sherlock’s bed. Sherlock, who was gone. It was completely inappropriate. His best mate was…. Sherlock was… Gone. And John had tainted his memory by wanking in his bed.
“What now?” Ori's small voice asked from behind the hobbit.
John stood up, his back cracking noisily as he stretched, then looked around for some sign of Sherlock. He was relieved when he spotted Sherlock making his way to John's side.
They found themselves in a small grouping of trees, panting and grateful to have escaped at all. Bombur and Balin collapsed on the ground, sprawling out to try to catch their breath. The rest of them leaned on tree trunks or braced their hands on their knees, breaths heaving and adrenaline rapidly dropping off.
John leaned up and kissed Sherlock softly. He laid back and ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. “Let me see you. Let me watch you come undone.”
“And...” Sherlock swallowed thickly at the discomfort of being so forward with his feelings. “And you mean so much more to me than that.”
“And cruel,” Sherlock added.
Sherlock must've been staring for quite some time, as John's laughter had subsided, and now he found the doctor was staring back at him just as intensely.
Sherlock tilted his head in amusement.
“And?”
“Of course not. I have my ways of finding these things out.”
“Stupid impatient fools,” Sherlock cursed as he and John watched the boat sail off with Thorin and the company.
This fic is getting more and more ludicrous with every chapter. It has made me realize my sense of humor is absolutely juvenile and I make myself laugh way more than I think is normal. Hopefully you're laughing too.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. “If that was all, why would it make you so uncomfortable?”
The familiar clench of heat began to coil low in his belly, whatever the fuck that meant, and finally Sherlock was coming over John's fingers and into the water, screaming John's name, because apparently, coming with a roar was saved for Thorin Oakenshield.
“John?” Sherlock's voice yanked John back to attention, and he realized he had been still and staring for far longer than was decent. His eyes snapped up to Sherlock's face, a sight even more breathtaking than the one John had lost himself admiring a moment before. There was a mischievous quirk to Sherlock's lips, just a slight grin at the corner of his mouth, and John found himself staring at it. The detective's lips looked full and soft, welcoming. His breath caught as Sherlock took his bottom lip lightly between his teeth.
When had they gotten a blanket?
The graveyard was empty, cold and damp and swathed in the light orange glow of sunset. John stood before Sherlock’s headstone, stubbornly not doing what he came here to do, but refusing to leave. He had to give himself closure. Had to tell Sherlock how he felt, had to leave it with his grave. Had to lay to rest the guilt. The heartbreak. The pain and ache.
*****
John sneezed. Perhaps he should turn in early. He was feeling a bit worn out, and come to think of it, he was quite cold. He sat down his mug and stood, then stumbled a bit, but caught himself on the table with a frown. He hadn't really been drinking. Mostly he'd stuck to water, so there should be no reason he would be intoxicated at this point. But he did feel a bit dizzy.
*****
“I'm sorry alright?!” Sherlock shouted at the sky. “I'm sorry!”
John nodded. “Friend.”
“Yes. Yes, he was… he was but now… I can’t believe- Can’t even-” he grew impatient with the buttons of his shirt and yanked at them, sending them flying every which way.
John walked down the stairs. He locked the door behind her, and he kicked off the shoes he hadn’t managed to remove when he had gotten home. He staggered through the flat and into Sherlock’s room. Without a thought, he stripped himself bare and crawled under the duvet. His hand wandered down without his consent, wrapping itself firmly around his flaccid length and squeezed.
“Why does it look like nobody has been here for weeks?” she asked.
Enjoy!
* * * * *
It was at the very last moment that Bilbo managed to spot the key hole in the light of the moon. He stood to the side as Thorin pushed open the door into the mountain, opening the way into his kingdom. His birthright. His home.
“What?” Sherlock furrowed his brow.
“Alright. Alright, well, uh, thank you for… for that.”
John shrugged. “Dunno,” he panted. “Are you complaining?”
“What about this?” John asked as he reached down and touched Bilbo’s face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “These can't be Fili's lines.”
“Don't mention it. Would... would you two like to join us this evening? We were about to make camp and have a bit to eat.” Bilbo asked, a bit too nonchalantly.
“I'll go with him,” Bilbo offered, turning to follow the other dwarves.
Sherlock's figuring was interrupted by the crack of the nearest trees began to fall.
John stepped back, licking his lips and running his hands through his hair agitatedly.
* * * * *
Sherlock brushed the dust from his trousers. “No.”
Sherlock tripped over a tree root, stumbling and nearly landing on his face.
“John,” Sherlock tried to sound reassuring, “are you afraid?”
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed slowly. “Yes we should.” He gave a grinning Bilbo a wink, and headed away from the fountain, letting his arm brush lightly against John's as he went. He grinned at the unmistakable sharp intake of breath and glanced back to catch John shaking his head with eyes pinched shut.
John set his hand flat against the brick around the fireplace. He wasn’t sure exactly where the dwarves had gotten red brick, or how he hadn’t noticed it before but that hardly mattered at the moment.
John squeezed his eyes shut. No, no, he was supposed to be helping Sherlock bathe, not ogling him in the tub. John looked up again to find Sherlock's face just inches from his own. The detective's eyes were dark and heavily lidded, his pupils blown wide, reflecting the dancing firelight.
John shook his head lightly. “Never mind. Come here.” He let out a determined huff and leaned down, pressing his lips to Bilbo’s, then quickly pulled away. “Well?”
He did manage to avoid Baker Street, if only for a half hour or so. He wandered aimlessly, passing by pubs and stores and random shops. He hailed a cab, and before he knew it, he was staring at the crooked numbers on the door. The gold knocker. 221B.
“Just move! Move!” John demanded.
Dwalin scoffed, insulted.
Thorin gave John a dark look. “You've stolen my victory. But you have managed to save us all. Why don't you and Sherlock stay in Erebor with us?”
Sherlock looked up in exasperation. “Oh honestly, you have no idea what his favorite color is, do you?” He mumbled. He shook his head and lowered his gaze back to John. “Looks like she's decided green is your favorite color.”
Sherlock wasn't sure how long he had been laying on the floor. Judging by the light coming into the room, the sun had nearly set, and the air was getting a bit colder. The cool stone soothed the burning pain of his stitches through the thin layer of the elvish tunic and loose pants he was apparently wearing.
“They didn't check me either,” Bilbo piped up, suddenly appearing at Thorin's side again.
John's frown deepened. “What are you talking about?”
Come to think of it, so had the hobbit. Why that point was relevant was beyond Sherlock, and that kind of pissed him off.
John snapped his mouth shut, shaking his head a bit. He closed his eyes, trying to gather his thoughts. When he opened them, he was surprised to find Sherlock directly in front of him, so close he could see the water running in rivulets from Sherlock's curls.
What exactly had just happened? John was far too level headed and reasonable to act out so emotionally.
Soft sheets beneath his hands. A pillow stuffed with what had to be feathers beneath his head. The air was strangely perfect, the temperature not too cold or warm, and no trace of the scent of pollutants or car exhaust.
“It's still warm. Now let me help you with your shirt,” John's voice was low and soft, and Sherlock wondered if this was how he would talk to a lover, an unsettling thought, as this was not usually the way Sherlock thought at all.
“I'm not afraid, Sherlock,” he said with a strained voice.
*****
John caved first, crashing his lips into Sherlock's and delving in to taste every inch of his mouth. Sherlock pulled John onto his lap, the doctor spreading his legs and slotting their bodies together tightly. Sherlock groaned, arching up into John, who gasped and pressed down into him. Sherlock's hands dropped to grasp at John's thighs and urged him to rock, faster and harder. Sherlock threw his head back, a lewd groan escaping his lips as John's thighs began to tremble against him.
It didn't do him much good.
* * * * *
The thought was shattered from Sherlock's mind when he felt John begin to push into him. The burning stretch was minor, and paled in comparison to the delicious fullness of John inside him, against him. The feel of his heartbeat against Sherlock's chest, the warmth of his body, the drag and pull as he slowly thrusted, in and out, pressing in deeper each time.
Honestly, who wrote this drivel? And who would waste their time reading it? What absolute nonsense. Sherlock was going to have to do something to resolve this. His direct approach the last time had had disastrous results, and so he considered his other options. He could certainly offer himself openly to John, and hope the doctor would accept. Of course, the way things were going, he was sure the author would not allow that.
So he didn't.
“I dare say we better pack quickly,” John said easily.
Oh, here it was again. Dammit, why did John always have to look so... so... brilliant! Sherlock wished he could find it in himself to be more annoyed, but he just couldn't. Not when John looked so at peace and happy. He hadn't seen John laugh so freely in a very long while. It was utterly breathtaking.
John pinched his eyes shut, a sob escaping his lips in a gust. “Stop it. Please, just don’t.” He curled in on himself, his phantom detective keeping watch over him, until he had somehow managed to fall asleep staring into those gorgeous blue eyes. Eyes he would never see again.
Hello lovlies!!!
“Right about what?” Sherlock’s voice demanded from the doorway.
“Excuse me, move aside,” a strangely familiar voice called as a slightly smaller being worked his way through the throng of dwarves surrounding Sherlock.
“Certainly not. Someone may be injured, allowing for the popular hurt/comfort relationship of one or both pairings, but no. I do not have any reason to believe any of us will actually die.”
“Easy for you to say,” Bombur grumbled as he plopped down next to John on the rocks. “I would much rather be sitting by a nice fire without such a 'close brush with death' .” Bombur smirked at John's light laughter and began wringing out his enormous beard.
* * * * *
Webs. Big, thick, sticky webbing coated the bottom of the trees, which meant......
Thorin nodded. “Men. We have had dealings with men before. They are short sighted. Greedy.”
Bilbo huffed a chuckle. “Did you feel that?”
Sherlock huffed a chuckle. “Yes and no. Doesn't make sense. But I'm glad they didn't.”
“Screwed? Why?” John shook his head. “It's a forest, Sherlock. We have enough weapons between us all for protection and food.”
“John Watson.”
“What's going on?” John's voice startled Sherlock just a bit as the doctor came to stand at his side.
“So what now?” John asked softly.
“Would you rather I had to heat your bathwater over an open fire before I could fill the tub for you?”
“Why are you naked?”
“Honestly, I don't fucking know what's going on,” John answered in agitation.
“John?”
Good for them. It was time they had a moment alone.
John's eyes were closed, head tilted slightly back as he let the water soothe him. His eyes snapped open at the sound splashing as Sherlock entered the river. His breath caught and his heart doubled pace at the sight of Sherlock, pale skin nearly luminescent in the light of the moon, water caressing him up to his prominent hip bones and thin waist, surprising muscle flexing as Sherlock waded in deeper. John tried not to whine out loud as more and more of that alabaster skin disappeared under the water's surface.
“Christ!” John shouted, his shoulders and head coming up off the bed as he convulsed.
The company left Beorn's with a general heaviness weighing on them. It was comforting to know they would be on their way, and closer to the mountain, but the warmth and safety of the shape shifters cottage would be sorely missed. Nobody was too keen on going back to everyone chasing and trying to kill them. Not that John was complaining. At least, not out loud.
Sherlock had not planned on responding at all, then John's elbow dug at his ribs sharply.
Everything froze. The goblin hoard watched as their king staggered on his feet, a bit comically.
* * * * *
“God, Sherlock,” John breathed. He kicked the blanket off of him and his hand picked up pace.
“The side room. Over there,” John gestured to a door off behind him. “Do you need help getting there?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Never mind. Would you be so kind as to let us tag along with you for a while? As you have seen, my friend is quite adept at hunting, and we could be a great asset to your little..... troop.”
John licked his lips, taking a deep breath before he knelt beside the tub and set to work. It was nearly painful, dragging the cloth over Sherlock's skin, watching the suds and water droplets run lightly over the plains of his chest and down his stomach. But John forced his eyes not to wander, to drop down to watch where the soap mixed with the water. Where the rest of Sherlock's long, lithe body lay naked beneath the surface. He drew his eyes up, watching the firelight flicker across the detective's ivory skin. It glinted on water droplets, making Sherlock's chest seem radiant, beautiful.
“Yes, well, look, I think he's healed!” Sherlock quickly diverted attention back to the dwarf on the table.
Smaug narrowed his eyes at the detective. “You’re no fool, human. I can feel your thoughts, the river in which they flow is not one to be easily manipulated.”
“I need you to come with me. I have something for you,” Sherlock tried again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock's thoughts abruptly stopped, his mind turned to mush as the river came into view. John stood at the water's edge, completely naked, back to Sherlock, the moonlight dancing over his porcelain skin and illuminating his golden gray hair. Sherlock didn't even care that his thoughts were uncharacteristically poetic. He took in a sharp breath, then exhaled a groan in pain of longing. Without a second thought, he began stripping off his clothes, dropping them to the ground as he approached the river. John's glorious body was now hidden under the silvery surface of the water. It lapped and rocked around his shoulders, the moonlight reflecting onto John's face.
“Come here,” Sherlock urged, setting his hands on John's waist and pulled him in closer. He wrapped his arms around John and tucked his chin over his head.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt very alone. He frowned as he noticed the moisture gathering in the corner of his eyes.
Thorin thought for a moment, looking off at the horizon, the sun sparkling off the strands of silver near his temples.
Sherlock shook the feeling and folded the blue sweater over his arm. Perhaps Beorn would have tea he could offer John.
John gave a resolute nod and marched out the door.
“And what exactly is that?” Thorin demanded as he stomped along the path in order to hover over Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed. Yes! Yes, things were going exactly as he had hoped. He let his eyes fall closed and moaned as John began to stroke.
“Are you alright?” John asked, the worry plain in his voice.
With that, Sherlock drug John a little way into the trees, where he hoped they wouldn't be found. He removed his coat and spread it out for John to lay on.
Bilbo gave John a concerned look. “What the fuck does that mean?”
“I think I should go.” She looked afraid. Afraid of him and the ghosts that plagued him, the memory of blood on the pavement and of the empty dead look in his eyes as he regarded her with much less than regret.
“Gorgeous, lovely, vibrant-” Sherlock's gushing was interrupted as a roll of ominous thunder sounded in the distance. He rolled his eyes. “Perhaps that was a bit overkill. Lead on, Master Oakenshield. Shouldn't be any more trouble here.”
John looked over the hobbit, noting the significant difference in their sizes. “Yeah, that’s probably best.” He dropped to his back, pulling up his knees to set his feet on the mattress.
“Well no. I suppose I don’t pay very close attention. Sherlock would be disgusted,” John quipped, taking another sip of tea. “Do you have any cream?” John looked up, noticing the cream right there on the table. He reached for it at the same moment as Bilbo, their fingers brushing for the briefest second.
-Mama
“You're burning up,” Sherlock announced.
The joke was cheesy at best, but still it was met with quite a few chuckles.
“No, no in the other bedroom,” he answered impatiently.
“Not like you, no. My methods are much more...”
“Don't you dare touch him!” John demanded, channeling his inner soldier. He stood, firm and proud between Sherlock and the horrid creature, finger pointed in the goblin's face, chin held high, meeting the yellowed gaze with an intense glare.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed.
Sherlock grabbed the waist of his pants, pushing them down just slightly, so they rested stubbornly over his hipbones.
John threw the curtain shut with a scowl and said no more.
* * * * *
John frowned. “A bit. Did it seem to you, and stop me if I sound crazy, that you could feel my hand feeling yours?”
Let me know if you have any ridiculous ideas! I'm trying to find humor in every aspect here, and I would love to have your thoughts! More soon my lovely readers!
“Alright 'Bard the Bowman', take us to Laketown,” Sherlock demanded. Laketown? He hadn't even heard of the place. No matter. Apparently that's where they needed to go.
“Not to see Sherlock?” Mary shook her head gave him a knowing look.
Sherlock closed the door behind him, taking a moment to lean up against the coarse wood and suck in a deep and calming breath.
John helped Sherlock as he pulled off John's still damp layers. Why was it the dwarves all got fresh clothes and he and John had to stick with what they had?
“Obviously. What happened?” Sherlock demanded.
John let out a soft exhale. He pictured those piercing blue eyes staring into him, eyes alight with the thrill of a new and impossible case. He pictured hands, elegant fingers coaxing symphonies from a violin in the dead of night. He pictured a long, slender body wrapped snuggly in a ridiculously expensive suit.
A week later, John agreed to see the woman again.
“Are you even listening?” she demanded.
“She? Was that thing female?” John asked incredulously.
And the bowman had children. Children were uncharted territory. The smallest one came and stood before Sherlock. She stared at him for several minutes, then came and sat next to him.
Bilbo looked at John questioningly.
He turned away and swept off into the trees.
“What the hell is a fanfic?” he asked in an angry whisper. “What does this mean?”
“Hello. I- I just wanted to let you know that..... I am not a dwarf.”
“So, Master Baggins...” a voice began beside him. “Oh! So sorry John. I thought you were our burglar!” Bofur nodded his apology and rode forward to catch up with the hobbit.
He’s there. But he couldn’t be there. John couldn’t propose with Sherlock’s ghost hovering. But then, this did not look like the Sherlock he knew. This Sherlock was thinner, his face gaunt, blue eyes dimmer, and he seemed……. broken. John got to his feet, didn’t even hear Mary saying his name, and he slowly took a step closer.
Sherlock sighed. He supposed there were worse ways this could have ended. And it felt like maybe there would be more to add later.
* * * * *
Gandalf hadn't had an answer, at least not one that Sherlock thought was more than an absolute load of horse shit, and so he had stormed off fuming. He had been distant and short tempered the last few days, and meeting the skin-changer hadn't helped.
“Oh, I felt it,” John responded in awe. “It was as though I was fucking myself.”
“Give up finally?” Sherlock asked quietly from John's side.
“Kiss me,” Bilbo demanded excitedly.
Sherlock frowned.
“How was that?” John asked with a grin.
“Oh,” Bilbo pulled his hand back quickly as though burned. “I’m sorry.”
* * * * *
“No,” Mary answered as she came closer. She kissed his nose and smiled. “Go talk to him, John. Finish your shower. Then go talk to him. I’m sure he has missed you as much as you’ve missed him.”
“You know,” John began carefully, “Sherlock seems to think we are the same person.”
The conversation with the wizard had gotten them nowhere. Wise though he may seem, Gandalf was lacking as far as Sherlock was concerned. Sure, he had a bit of whit, and he seemed to understand more than most. He did see, but like most, he did not observe. The wizard seemed to know more than he let on about Sherlock and John, but seemed clueless as to the obvious peril he was sending Thorin and the company into.
“Ah, another favorite of our dear author,” Sherlock muttered to himself
This was new. The feel of John's skin against him. Of John's breath ghosting over his chest. The feel of his heartbeat, the smell of his hair. And, although it all seemed quite overly romantic to him, Sherlock found he rather enjoyed it. There was so much more to this romance thing than he had anticipated. The feelings that came with it, for starters. He felt an overwhelming need to take care of John, to hold him and love him in a way he'd never felt for anyone before.
“You don't miss anything, do you? But, for such a genius, has it not occurred to you that maybe you should be trying to show your appreciation for John, instead of constantly trying to charm his pants off? And for your own benefit? Maybe, you should be thinking about what he needs, not what it takes to get him naked.”
Sherlock huffed, giving Bilbo an annoyed look. “Honestly Bilbo, how do you put up with him? He's an idiot.”
“Have you been crying?” John asked incredulously.
“You wish to join my company?” Thorin verified, his face hiding none of his hesitancy.
* * * * *
Thranduil's face took on an ever deeper shade of red through the entire speech, and by the end of it, the dwarves were snickering in amusement and even some of the surrounding elves were chuckling behind their hands.
Sherlock grinned. “Now that is a new one. Usually I get something along the lines of 'shut up, you absolute wanker'.”
The room Sherlock found himself in was all white; walls, ceiling, floor, even the furniture. There was no door, just an opening one could walk through at will, giving Sherlock the unsettling feeling of being exposed. Sunlight pored in through the opening, bathing everything in a blinding light that reflected horridly into Sherlock's eyes. He squinted and took stock of himself, noting the mildly threatening cut running along his side. The warg that pinned him must have nicked him with it's long sharp claws.
“They’re mine!”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” Johns sobs picked up in intensity and he wiped at his eyes feeling filthy and sick and he was sobbing into Sherlock’s pillow until the sun’s rays shone in through the window.
Of course he had known.
Finally. Finally, Sherlock was convinced he would get his way. He would get off with John, and his mind would be free to process, to focus, without his friend, his doctor, his soldier distracting him so terribly. He brought his hands down, settling them at the small of John's back and thrusted his hips forward. John moaned, and so Sherlock repeated the motion, both now moving against each other.
“Do it again, and you're dead.”
“I don't need anything from you,” John harrumphed.
Sherlock watched as John's thoughts seem to dance across his face. There was no hiding anything from Sherlock, and the detective couldn't help the way his body responded to the obvious arousal written all over John's face. He pulled a knee up, hoping to keep his body's physical response to himself for just a few moments longer.
“Well it can't hurt, can it?” John yelled back.
John lay awake for quite some time that night. He thought about what he and Bilbo had talked about.
“John!” A familiar voice drew Sherlock's attention. He wasn't sure if he should be amused or annoyed to find one Bilbo Baggins crossing paths with he and John near the fountain.
“Sherlock and I are going in after him,” John announced.
“Quite alright. I'm fine. No harm done,” Sherlock mumbled, looking anything but fine, which was quite a lazy way to put it.
Was he being written out of character?
“You're awake!” he exclaimed.
John ignored the question and curled in as close to Sherlock as he could without touching.
“Moriarty had snipers. Snipers trained on you, Mrs. Hudson, and Graham.”
*****
I hope you enjoyed! Next, we go to the mountain! Wonder what's going to happen then.......
“Oh, Fili. Kili. Whatever. Sounds like some kind of sushi roll. What is she attempting, Shakespeare? What the actual fuck?”
“I... I can't...” Sherlock tipped his chin down, feigning shyness. Then he looked up from beneath his thick lashes and bit his lip nervously.
“The answer is clear,” Sherlock explained. “John, we are in a fanfic.”
In lieu of an answer, Sherlock picked up a wrapped parcel and handed it to John, who took it cautiously in his shaking hands.
“What?” John frowned. “Oh!” he blushed lightly, averting his gaze and shifting uncomfortably.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There must be something here. I can't imagine now this is happening the author would stop us. That would be cruel at this point. Aha!” Sherlock pulled a little bottle from his coat pocket.
He approached John, who now stood facing him, arms crossed over his chest like a protective armor, jaw clenched and eyes wary.
John swallowed thickly, closing his eyes against the sting of tears threatening to fall.
“John?” Sherlock's face his none of his amusement.
“That’s interesting. Do you suppose we have some of the same preferences?” Bilbo asked, getting a little excited at the thought of figuring out something new.
“Favorite season?” Bilbo asked.
Sherlock turned and took the hand offered to him, following John's lead and letting himself be eased into the tub. When had the water been turned off? Sherlock could distinctly remember John turning the water on earlier, but he could have sworn the doctor had left it on when he had stormed out. He was certain neither of them had turned it off after that moment either.
John's lips quirked into a grin as he climbed under the covers. He shivered as Sherlock lifted the blanket to crawl in next to him.
The rest of the group had gathered around them, all speaking in hushed whispers and eying Sherlock uneasily.
John huffed in annoyance. “Kili is a good kid! And- and she is gorgeous. Come on Sherlock, even you could see that. I'm happy for them!”
Bilbo shook his head. “Honestly, John, how do you put up with him?”
* * * * *
John panted as he looked over at the apparition in bed beside him. He reached over with his free hand to touch a sharp cheekbone, and Sherlock was gone.
Sherlock was disgusted. He was many things; tired, hungry, probably pretty smelly, but he was also very disgusted. Tauriel and Kili had flirted and bantered the entire way to the elven kingdom, which Sherlock had no idea the name of, or if it had a name, and that was probably because the author had had so many strawberry margaritas, she couldn't really think straight. But that is besides the point. Beside. Was beside the point. Is? Was? Not the point.
John chuckled, ducking his head and dropping his gaze. Sherlock was surprised when the doctor turned and met his gaze again, setting a hand on Sherlock's knee.
“Sherlock?” John tried again, a bit louder.
“Very well. Where can I go to bathe?”
“Oh for God's sake,” Sherlock mumbled to himself. He rolled his eyes then noticed Thorin was turning back toward him again.
John grinned. “Oh it's nothing like this at all.” He continued to describe the modern world, as best he could to a creature from a roughly medieval land.
“Perhaps.” John shrugged again. “Favorite color?”
Sherlock furrowed his brow and tilted his head, amusement playing about his lips.
“But that doesn’t make any sense!!”
Sherlock pondered for another full day, his fingers steepled beneath his chin, and John sat vigilant at his side. The doctor only left to relieve himself, then he retook his place in the chair at Sherlock's side.
“As long as I’m with Sherlock, it doesn’t really matter what world we’re in,” John said with a smile, moving to stand in front of the taller man.
“Neither is yours.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock was not used to crying, it was not something he ever did out of anything more than necessity. Playing a part to gather information for a case was one thing, finding himself unable to control his own emotions simply because John had yelled at him was another thing entirely. Sherlock knew it would normally annoy him, but all he could find in himself was despair. Dark gloomy angsty despair.
Sherlock gave him a perplexed look. “My ridiculous sex drive has been quelled. Now I can focus and figure out how to get us out of this mess.”
Sherlock grinned. “I know.”
Maybe romance wasn't so bad. Maybe pining and slow burn bull shit weren't as horribly overrated as he had first expected.
John rolled his eyes. “Because I'm not healthy, Sherlock. I'm obviously sick.”
Sherlock peered around the tree at the rest of the group, sizing them up and trying to figure out the best way to proceed. The decision was taken from him, when the one called Dwalin rounded the tree he was hiding behind, probably to relieve himself.
Sherlock couldn't remember ever being this overcome with... sexual energy... since he had been an adolescent. Even then, it had not been so acute, since back then he had no other participant in mind. Sherlock had found very quickly his urges could be satisfied with his hand, leaving him free to focus on his studies or whatever experiment he had been working on, without the distraction of his newly raging hormones.
“Something is wrong,” John announced, immediately making his way over to the four. “Kili is injured, come on.”
Sherlock frowned. “What for?” he asked petulantly.
“Kili!” Thorin's voice was a command and a warning in one. He glared at Kili as he strode through camp, making his way over to where Gandalf and Sherlock stood in what appeared to be a heated debate outside the light of the fire.
Fili and Kili frowned at their uncle’s ridiculous declaration.
Sherlock gave John an amused sidelong glance, before returning his gaze to the beast. “I suggest you leave this place, find another mountain to infest.”
Smaug grinned an evil, toothy smile. “Oh, I think not.”
Bilbo nodded encouragingly.
Sherlock knew this was ridiculous. Knew what a cliché it was, taking care of your sick love interest. But he didn't care. Not if it made him feel like this. Warm, bubbly, and full.
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's, letting his breathing calm and his heart rate slow. “Thank you, John,” he breathed, then turned to get out of the water.
Sherlock closed the door behind them and took a moment to collect himself before he turned to face John. It wasn’t that he was scared of the doctor, but his angry tone set Sherlock on edge. “I only thought-”
John dropped his elbows to his knees and scrubbed at his face with his hands. “I think I’m just- I’m going to bed. See you in the morning, yea?” He headed upstairs without waiting for a reply.
John couldn’t be certain how long he had been sitting there, staring at his flat mate. It was all he could bring himself to do lately. He had taken time off at the clinic. Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson had been sending him food.
“Excuse me, your highness,” Sherlock began loudly, making his way to the front of the company. “I have a question for you.” He met Thranduil's surprised frown with a smirk. “I'm trying to understand why you would treat these dwarves so harshly. Your obvious hatred for Thorin Oakenshield is the most probable reason. Said hatred is quite intense, typical of someone who is jealous of the object of their ire. I can only suspect that would mean you envy him. Considering he has no worldly possessions, aside from the clothes on his back and the weapon you have now taken from him, I would have to suspect you are jealous of his followers. Perhaps he has much more loyal subjects than you do, or maybe you are simply very disliked in your kingdom, not a far stretch considering the fact that you are obviously a complete idiot and a bit of a knob head. Perhaps it is because you're insecure, which leads me to believe you have spent most of your life feeling quite inadequate. Your self assurance is wavering, therefore you are not simply an arrogant prick because you're a superior being with inhuman intelligence as I am, but rather, you are insecure and trying to appear better than you are. You either have been raised with siblings with whom you had to compete, unlikely, given you have the air of a spoiled only child, or you are inadequate in some other way. Given that you are taller, fairer, and probably an equal match in strength, I would have to guess it is your penis size. Given the extent of anger directed at Thorin, are you jealous of the size of his dick? Or maybe of Bilbo here? Tell me, are you jealous of Thorin, or are you simply in love with him?”
A beautiful, graceful, impossibly strong and nimble elf slid down a tree trunk, doing a few ridiculous flips and easily killed the spider that held the dwarf prince. The absolutely soppy look in Kili's eyes nearly made Sherlock nauseous. For crying out loud, the boy was nearly drooling at her feet. Sherlock turned to share his assessment with John, but he had already noticed. And he was grinning like fool. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Love at first sight. Honestly.
“Oh Sherlock, I'm so sorry,” John said again, softer than the first time. He squatted down and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle. With a light grunt of effort, he pulled the taller man off the floor and deposited him back in the chair.
“Watch it!” Sherlock yelled, pulled from his inner grumblings by a splash that soaked his front. He looked up at the dwarves in outrage, then his gaze swept back to John, who was laughing uncontrollably at his side.
“For what?”
“By who?” Thorin asked his head turning slightly and brow furrowed in suspicion.
John reached up, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck and pulled their bodies flush together.
“No. Not like this, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock/John shipper. How did I miss that?”
“And?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John gasped, his eyes starting to roll back in his head. His back arched and he let out a long, deep moan as he came, his eyes snapping back to Sherlock's as the detective froze. His hips jerked a few times, burying him deep into John as his orgasm pulsed through him. Finally, he collapsed, panting and gasping raggedly against John's chest.
Ah yes, Middle Earth, untouched by the real world's foulness.
“Oh yes. I do believe it will.”
Sherlock turned to find the source of this voice, and saw a rather pale looking man with long dark hair and pointy ears enter the room.
John sipped at his now cold tea. His shins had gone a bit sore where they crossed in front of him, and he was getting a crick in his back from sitting still for so long. But he couldn’t bring himself to move. He stared at the man in the chair across from him. All creamy skin and long lines. Perfect. Dark curls fringing pale, luminescent eyes. Fingers steepled before full lips.
Was John jealous?
John’s mouth fell open and he resisted the urge to let his eyes roll back in his head.
Sherlock looked down at himself. He was wearing that dark purple shirt he so loved. The one that always made John do a double take. He had no idea how it got there, but figured it had something to do with the author's obvious obsession with him. The top two buttons of the shirt were undone, revealing the porcelain skin of Sherlock's firm chest.
“I don't want to feel like you're fucking me just to get your head clear. I don't care if I'm just some fictional character being played with in some silly woman's story, Sherlock, I won't be played with by you.”
They dressed quickly, then all but flew down the stairs and out the door.
Hello everyone!!! Sorry for the hiatus. It was involuntary, I assure you. My old laptop crashed, and it took me two weeks to get in my new one! Then I had to get everything transferred and organized..... anyway. It was a whole thing. But here we are! The final chapter of a silly messed up fic! Please enjoy!
John was hovering over him now, reaching to the bedside table for...
“I told you it was a trap.”
Or at least Sherlock thought so. He leaned in close to John, barely daring to whisper.
Sherlock nodded breathlessly. “Apparently.”
Thorin scowled. “How could we ask permission if there are none to ask upon entry?”
Or maybe, that was the wishful thinking of a thirty one year old romantic sap writing fanfic instead of going to bed. But hey, he was a fictional character in a fanfic. Who was he to judge?
Sherlock furrowed his brow. “What for?”
Not that he cared.
Mary raised her eyebrows again and barely concealed a chuckle. “Well alright. Go on, then.”
John frowned. “You realize I do really mean to sleep, correct?”
John grinned at the scene. “Well Sherlock, I believe we should try to catch a wink before everything goes to hell around here.”
“He waves around a walking stick and pretends to be all knowing! Then how can he possibly not know how very screwed we will be, once he leaves us?!”
John stood and held out his hand, pulling Sherlock to his feet. He helped the detective sit himself on the edge of the tub, then reached in to test the water.
John nodded. “A-alright. Thank you.” He hesitated for a moment, then stepped around Sherlock and headed for the back door.
How strange. Why would Tauriel risk life and limb to save a dwarf she hardly knew?
“Who are you?” Thorin demanded.
Kili was the comic relief. Though he had a knack for ridiculous pranks, Sherlock could tell the dark haired prince was another favorite of the author. His boyish charm and devilish good looks were often over dramatized. Perhaps he would be a character with unexpected growth as the story progressed.
“It is a miracle you're people have lasted as long as they have, given your obvious lack of common sense and complete disregard for-”
“What the hell are those things?!” John yelled at the nearest dwarf, Bifur, if he remembered correctly.
“Let’s go,” John helped Mary into her coat before nearly dragging her from the restaurant and heading home.
“Oh? And how exactly does that work?”
So long. It had been so long.
Bilbo chuckled. “I suppose Sherlock was right.”
The dragon came closer, movements fluid and predatory as he slid through the vast wealth of Erebor. He stopped before Sherlock and John, examining them with intelligent golden eyes. “You are not men of Laketown. You are much taller. More intelligent. And you cannot be elves. Elves are too clever to risk their lives to face me.”
Sherlock grinned as the three moved to investigate, Bilbo carefully averting his eyes and John looking amused at the spectacle.
“Leave?” John sat up, letting the blanket pool around his naked waist.
And Sherlock was not.
“Who are you?” the man asked.
“Oh, finally,” Sherlock grumbled as he slid the key into the lock and let himself out of his prison. He looked up at the excited sounds of relief as the dwarves all pushed themselves to the front of their cells.
“More,” Sherlock whispered, and John couldn’t help but obey. He latched his gaze to the fire blue eyes staring into him, and he stroked. A moan found its way out of his chest and his breaths were coming in sharp pants.
Sherlock stood in confused silence for a few minutes.
Sherlock shook his head. He didn’t even know which one of them was saying what. He put a hand over his face and huffed. “You could at least pretend to try,” he murmured under his breath. But the author didn’t give a fuck and there was nothing he could do about it.
John followed Sherlock as the dwarves filed in.
“You've pissed her off and now she's going to fucking kill us! Apologize!”
Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “Generic. Try again.”
“Sherlock?”
“Not good?”
Thorin returned the smug grin. “At least not today.”
“Whatever. Where is your leader?”
“Again, simply true.” Sherlock gave Thorin a challenging grin.
Mary sat on the sofa, curled up with a steaming cup of tea and in her warm fluffy slippers when John came into the room.
“I'm sorry John, I can't get them any lower. I can't bend with this gash. You'll have to do the rest.”
“It's beautiful and brilliant and sometimes quite frightening.” John sighed. “And yes. He is a right prick.”
“Leave it to a woman to be so dramatic,” Sherlock mumbled. A boulder hit the mountain just above them, and Sherlock had to pull John out of the way, lest he be crushed. For some reason, the dwarves seemed to stay clear of the mountainside projectiles.
Sherlock shook his head with a small smile.
John’s eye widened. “What?”
This was like bad porno dialogue.
Sherlock looked around, completely disoriented. “Weren't we just going in after Bilbo?! How did we get back here?”
“Sherlock?” John sounded worried, a fact Sherlock found a bit amusing, considering he had left Sherlock in the first place.
“And he just told you this?”
Sherlock was quite flattered. He looked up at John and grinned. “I'll be keeping this shirt.”
Fili was the crown prince, or would be, once their kingdom was reclaimed. Sherlock could see the struggle within the fair-haired youth. He wanted to enjoy his brothers antics, find fun or make it himself, but he also wanted to be responsible. The prince longed to prove himself to his uncle, prove that someday, he would make a good king. He was obviously a point of interest, as his conflict seemed a bit more obvious than might seem necessary.
“Yes. I suppose one might say that.”
Sherlock recognized the look in John's eyes. The burning desire and unbridled lust. He felt it reflected in his own gaze.
No, John couldn’t go home just yet. Couldn’t admit defeat. He had finally managed to get out, and he wasn’t about to face Mrs. Hudson’s disappointed gaze full of pity. Without remembering to decide it, he made his way straight to the nearest pub and ordered himself a whiskey.
“Oh, John. I hate to ask you this but I'm afraid I'm in quite a lot of pain,” Sherlock was sure John would see through his dramatics, but clearly Sherlock's knack for acting was working in his favor.
“Yes! Yes, I can feel your hands and my own face in my hands!” Bilbo exclaimed. “What is this?”
Sherlock huffed in irritation. “Not important. How do we get back home?”
It was absolutely maddening.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, tone even and calm. “I would almost go as far as to say that I believe you are jealous of this author.”
Not to mention the entire mountainside had decided to get up and begin a dodge ball match using boulders.
“Come now, John. It's time to meet Smaug.” Sherlock kept John's hand held in his own as he led the doctor down to the sea of gold on the floor. They quietly crept closer, listening to the conversation being had.
* * * * *
“You are being absurd.”
“Displaced and wandering. Sounds familiar,” John muttered. “So this Gandalf person. What is he like?”
John glanced at Sherlock, who was struggling not to laugh. He turned back to dwarf king and stalked toward him impatiently. “Oh for Christ sake Thorin, he has an army! Give him the damn jewels!”
No, he had to stop himself right there.
“That's.... good, I suppose. Who would you say our author is?”
Sherlock frowned. “Of course not. Don't be a fool John.”
“I suddenly feel overcome with a need to bend you over behind that tree.”
Thorin chuckled. “No. No, I wouldn't go that far! You did insult my father. And then my mother.”
Sherlock huffed in irritation. There must be something he had missed.
“This, Master Baggins, is where you come in,” Thorin said softly. “You must find the Arkenstone, and bring it out to me.”
Sherlock scowled. “Yes. Funny you missed all the death defying and excitement,” he snarled.
“I never know what he's talking about.”
“Is that so?” Thranduil grinned evilly. “And did you consider getting the king's permission to travel on The King's Road in order to pass through?” he asked impatiently.
John nodded, still looking uncertain, and took a seat on the edge of the bed. He began working at the twine, untying the carefully done up knots until he could pull the paper free, revealing the gorgeous purple sweater inside.
John opened his eyes. Bright, gorgeous eyes stared back at him, lids heavy and hooded with arousal. A wet pink tongue darted out to moisten full, delicious lips.
“This plot is sub-par at best. Too predictable.”
Sherlock set his bare feet lightly on the cool stone floor. It looked like white marble, but really, how could a place this large possibly be made entirely of marble? Sherlock supposed in fiction, it didn't really matter. It could be made of marshmallows honestly, and nobody would say a word about it. He took John's offered hand and tried putting a bit of weight on his legs. It was surprising, for Sherlock, when he found his legs trembling beneath him. He moved to take a step, and his side pulled painfully. He let out a cry and grimaced, leaning heavily onto John to relieve the pressure.
“Cum.”
Sherlock tried to ignore the effect John was having on him. The comfort of the doctor's steady hand on his skin, the proximity of his face to Sherlock's. The concern lacing his low voice. It was very disorienting.
John leapt into action without a second thought. He pulled out his gun and shot Bolg and Azog in the head.
This one is a little less humorous, but I hope you enjoy it all the same.
Thorin frowned. “You're right. Why didn't they take it?”
“Oh!” Sherlock shook his head, then looked up at the sky, blinking against the onslaught of rain that seemed to soak through his skin. “Do you think that will help?” he asked as another thunderous stomp shook them off their feet.
The elves had been a bit rough, particularly with Sherlock, as they directed the company to the dungeons. Sherlock had smirked the whole way, leaving John wracked with barely stifled fits of giggles. Finally, the elves locked the last cell and took their leave.
“Sleep. And lots of it.”
“I’m not- I don’t want to…” John began.
Sherlock whirled around to face him. “How do you not understand? We are in a fictional story written by an imaginative and bored woman who clearly thrives on drama and romance. Who knows what she will decide to subject us to!! A wizard is about all that could possibly save us now!”
John took a steadying breath and prepared to set back to work. He dutifully washed Sherlock's arms, taking care not to miss and inch before he would have to even look at the detective's lower half. When finally he turned to wash Sherlock's legs, he couldn't bring himself to open his eyes for a few long moments. Sherlock was his best friend. They had been flat mates for a few years, and he had seen Sherlock naked plenty of times. Granted, he had never been required to wash the man, but this was something he could surely do for his best mate.
Sherlock continued to take in what he could of his surroundings before he opened his eyes. There was the soft sound of water falling, obviously outside the walls he was enclosed in. The sound of bird song flowed in through the window above his bed, indicating it was most likely morning. Sherlock frowned. There was the steady rhythm of someone breathing next to him, a bit closer than was normal. He blinked his eyes slowly open, squinting at the morning light pouring through the window. The haze cleared and he took in his surroundings.
Sherlock moved quickly to the doctor's side and pulled him from the brambles.
“Aye,” a voice grumbled from Sherlock's other side. Dwalin shifted so he was facing the other two and set his hand on his knee. “I saw it too.” He shifted his eyes around the trees surrounding them on all sides. “We aren't alone.”
The breath was knocked out of Sherlock's lungs as he was hit by something that felt an awful lot like a brick wall. Impossibly large fists connected with every inch of him, and then they were falling. Tangled limbs and sharp elbows plummeting down and down, then landing in a heap on a rickety wooden walkway. The dwarves struggled to clamber off of Sherlock, looking around in horror as the sound of thousands of clawed feet approached. Sherlock looked up, his eyes widening at the oncoming wave of goblins.
John exchanged a look with Sherlock. “You know what, I think we will.”
Sherlock frowned at John, watching the doctor as he watched the elven king. John's pupils had dilated, a much overused observation, and his pulse was visible at his neck as he licked his lips.
“Sherlock, what are looking at?” John asked tentatively.
The dwarves indeed were splashing in the fountain, completely naked and looking for all the world like a bunch of bearded children at play. What immature, foolish, uncivilized-
(See the end of the chapter for
“I see. He's a..... he's an interesting fellow, that Sherlock Holmes.” Bilbo cleared his throat. “Bit of a prick, too.”
“Idiot,” Sherlock muttered as he pulled himself to his feet. “John?” he looked around, spotting John and then pulled him up. “We should probably help him. Think you can manage to hit that big white bastard?”
“Your mother was an orc?”
“Yes. Are the two of you..... an item?”
“No, it's alright Dr. Watson.” Lord Elrond frowned. “Fuck, he's right. Most people can't even look at me without thinking about The Matrix, but nobody ever talks about that.”
It wasn’t home.
“Sherlock?” John grabbed Sherlock's hand without thinking, and took a few steps toward the cliff edge. “Shall we?”
“Yes. For a time,” Sherlock answered.
Bilbo eyed the man nervously. “Please, allow me?”
Sherlock's frown deepened. “John, are you alright?”
“You were tackled by a warg. He flayed your side open, and you passed out from blood loss and shock. Lord Elrond and I managed to patch you up,” John answered as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
Here's more!
Love. There was that word again. Partially, it made Sherlock want to gag. But then again, it did tug at something long forgotten in his chest.
“Oh. Why would it carry on for so long? If we want each other, can't we find another moment at some point later?”
Relief.
Thorin regarded the two for a moment. “Alright then, you may spend the night in our camp. What's your name, human?”
Bofur was a cheerful chap, he came around a bit more than Bombur or Bifur, but it was apparent this story didn't greatly involve the dwarf. Oin, Gloin, and Nori had hardly said a word, therefore must also be side characters. Naturally, Sherlock figured it might be possible these side characters would come in to play later in the story, but at this point, there was not much focus on them.
Sherlock sighed, taking a seat next to John. “I'm trying to tell you... that I'm sorry. Which is...” Sherlock glanced at the ceiling and shook his head, “very difficult for me.” His eyes met John's. They were a sea of blue, vast and deep and...... ugh. Why all the poetics? His eyes were blue and Sherlock was quite fond of them. The author's need to set such a ridiculously romantic tone was starting to wear on Sherlock's nerves. He cleared his throat and tried to continue.
“Are you serious?” John was clearly quite put out, and Sherlock for the life of him couldn't figure out why.
“My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“John?” she called into the quickly steaming room. “You should go talk to him.”
“Oh, Gandalf brought them round. I had not intended to join them,” Bilbo answered easily, “but there was something about them.” Bilbo sighed and shrugged.
Sherlock scowled, but John did not seem affected in any way. The younger man huffed indignantly, before giving in to his friend's logic.
As if on cue, the sound of barking and howling suddenly echoed over the mountains.
“How dare you! How dare you disrespect the noble line of Durin the Deathless!” Thorin roared, outraged.
“I'll kill you!”
The restaurant was crowded, and John was more anxious than he thought he would be. This should be the best day of his life, but he couldn’t find any other emotion through the near panic he felt. Mary would get there any minute, and he needed to get it together before she did.
Sherlock shook his head, forcing himself to forget the moment, and looked around again. The bed he was laying in was white, as were the sheets and blankets. Beside his bed was a white chair, and a deeply sleeping John Watson lay slumped against the mattress, drooling lightly onto the sheets.
Thorin's smile grew. “You smell like orc dung! May Mahal piss on your forge!”
“So....” John looked back up at Sherlock, trying pointedly not to stare at the bare flesh of the detective's torso, “so why this? Why... what exactly are you trying to say to me?”
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Sherlock continued. “You don’t know what’s really going on here.”
Was John scared?
“Do you have feelings for me?” he demanded. “Romantic feelings?”
“I'm not from around here,” Sherlock explained easily.
“What do you suggest, Dr. Watson?” Thorin asked moodily.
“Well, first we have to figure out all we can about what kind of fic we're in,” Sherlock responded, pulling on his deduction face.
The flat John had moved to was… small. It was plain and grey and dreary. Empty. And without Sherlock’s ghost to keep him company, it was lonely and miserable.
Rage took over, and in a practiced and precise manuever, John pulled his gun from his waistband and without a second thought, buried a bullet in the goblin king's forehead.
Fili and Kili were Thorin's nephews. They were young, according to their race, and though they were both energetic mischief makers, they were also quite different.
“Oh! Well, I- I-” John tried in vain to remain composed.
“You have been so very patient with me, with my idiocy. You are.... the most astounding, incredible, beautiful person I have ever met. I love you, John.”
John stopped with a frustrated groan. “Why don't you just tell me what the hell you want me to say? What answer are you looking for, then?”
“There is a river out back,” the deep, rough voice of the skin-changer rolled from the other side of the room. “You may bathe there, if you'd like.”
“Come on John, you know this is the most logical solution. I have to be able to think straight to figure out how to get us out of here.”
“Keep going,” the deep whispered voice urged, and suddenly John was impossibly hard. He let his hand slide down his cock, and he inhaled sharply at the feel.
Sherlock chuckled a bit before he got serious, "Of course I'd help you with anything, but I didn't want to hurt you and I didn't want to ruin our friendship if I took advantage of you in that state. I wouldn't be able to live with myself, but you were...very convincing," he added quietly.
This was the smell of a heat.
John smirked as he shoved his full length into Sherlock's prepared hole.
Sherlock bit his lip hard, trying to think of any detailed facts or gross thoughts to put off his orgasm that was already on bay. "Please, sir, faster for the love of- fuck. Please faster," he whined into the bed sheets.
Sherlock gasped and arched his back, shuddering as the toy buzzed inside him.
Sherlock's eyes rolled back as John began to fuck his mouth at a quick hard pace, making drool drip down the sides of his mouth. He felt John's cock hit the back of his throat at every pass and moaned as he tried not to gag too hard. The only thing the taller man loved more than a good case was being used by his partner. He loved the feeling of John's strong hands holding him in place while he used Sherlock's mouth and throat for his own pleasure.
Sherlock scooted closer to the middle of the bed and did as he was told, laying down with his legs spread wide. John paused his unboxing and marveled at the sight, moving his hands to touch the detective's bare skin around the inside of his thighs.
"I hope you like the gift I got you, it's the fanciest one I've got so far. Even has a remote." John said softly as he unpackaged the 'gift.'
Sherlock himself was writhing under John and moaning desperately as he was fucked thoroughly. “Harder harder, please. I want to feel it tomorrow. When I’m sitting in class, I want to feel the burn of the first time someone had me,” he whined loudly.
John then reaches up and undoes the gag and Sherlock reaches up to wipe the spit around his mouth, before closing his eyes and humming in content. John reaches over and grabs tissue to clean Sherlock up as much as he can and crawls over to curl up behind him, where they both fall asleep.
"Answer me."
"Sherlock. You know your safe word. You are able to use it right now. Correct?" John said seriously.
Joan moaned softly as Sherlock slowly snaked her hands around to unhook the lace covering her chest and exposing her to the cool air. Sherlock watched with lust as Joan's nipples hardened to tiny pebbles, before ducking her head to take the right one in her mouth.
John stilled for a second before pushing back against it, "Please please don't need that. Fuck me!" he begged.
John smiled and removed his fingers, before turning and signing the bottom of his form.
John turned back to face him with a deep frown, "Alpha. Come, nest," he said more firmly this time.
(See the end of the chapter for
He tentatively stripped down to his pants and slowly stood behind the groaning Omega on the bed. Once John noticed he was closer, he stuck his arse up into the air and canted his hips backwards to encourage Sherlock to get closer. Which he did.
John waited a couple more strokes before replying, "If faster's what you want, then faster's what you'll get, but Sherlock Holmes, don't you dare come," he warned lowly into the detective's ear.
Sherlock panted and smiled, delirious from bliss.
Remember this isn't sex ed. This is just fantasy.
They gasped in tandem and quickly began to thrust against each other. The aftermath of Joan's orgasm soaking both of them, causing wet noises to bounce off the walls around them.
Sherlock sighed as Joan's rubbed against her strong fingers, slowly making a wet patch in the silk material. Gradually, Sherlock moved her fingers slowly to the side of Joan's knickers, and pushed them out of the way to slip her fingers between Joan's wet folds, rubbing steadily against her clit, rolling the sensitive bud between her long fingers.
John blushed deeply and looked down at his feet as he nodded, "I seem to have left my suppressants at home," he mumbled.
John began a steady rhythm, massaging circles around Sherlock's hole with the tip of his tongue. Meanwhile, Sherlock began to try and buck his hips out of John's hands and to grind down into the mattress for any kind of relief. Once Sherlock's hole became less tense, John took a deep breath and pushed the tip of his tongue past the muscle barrier and into Sherlock's body.
"Really?"
He was doing so good, but Anderson had provoked him after Sherlock made a deduction about the woman's sex life to which Anderson replied, "What do you know about what women want in bed?"
"Cough please."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock parked haphazardly in the lot and carefully helped John, who could barely walk, out and into the inn, growling at anyone who even looked at them.
Sherlock slowed slightly, but used John's temporary calmness to lift his hips up until he was kneeling and continued to pound into him, deeper and harder this time. John threw his head back and gasped as Sherlock set a brutal pace, holding John's hips with a grip hard enough to leave bruises.
Joan fell asleep easily after that.
John finished the punishment off with one last smack, slowly let go of Sherlock's wrists, and began to gently massage the taller man's bum.
To Sherlock's immediate surprise, John flung the used towel over his shoulder to the floor and stalked off to the bedroom. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and tentatively followed John out to see where he went by himself. To his surprise, John was picking up soft pieces of Sherlock's already worn clothes from his suitcase and started forming...a nest.
She leaned down and their lips met gently again, as Sherlock's soft fingers made their way down to rub gently over the top of Joan's silky knickers, directly over her clit. Joan immediately moaned and slipped her tongue deeper into Sherlock's mouth to turn the kiss downright filthy.
John watched as Sherlock writhed on top of the bed, trying to get any friction or pleasure besides the toy in his ass. The doctor had his own hand stroking himself as he watched the show, already feeling like he could come from just seeing Sherlock like this.
"Gorgeous," is the first thing that comes from the doctor's lips tonight.
Sherlock untied his towel and turned to lay down on his belly. John watched and licked his lips and placed his hands on Sherlock's back, rubbing gently, loosening Sherlock's muscles to hopefully relax the detective a little. He was tense and John could easily sense his unease. The doctor slowly made his way down Sherlock's back and to his arse, grabbing the two globes and slowly pulling them apart to show him his pink hole.
"Perfect, my love. You did perfect."
Moaning loudly they began bucking against each other with abandon, falling out of rhythm fast. Sherlock's hand reached under Joan's knee and pushed it up and against her chest, thankful for the yoga classes she had been doing since moving in, and began to rub her pussy against Joan's vigorously, while holding her in place, bringing them both very quickly to climax.
John, still clothed, licked his lips and dove forward, completely overtaken by lust. He grabbed the taller man's hips, pulled them up, and held them there as he licked one long stripe across his hole.
----------------------------------------------------
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you okay?" he tentatively asked, hoping his pace hadn't hurt John or that his knot didn't tear anything.
Sherlock is sweating and looking absolutely wrecked at this point, trying his hardest to fuck himself on John's member, but John has a vice grip on his hips.
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes. “I’ll make sure to be quiet. Lets do it in your office. No one is going to come looking for you after school hours. All the students have gone home for the day and the professors just want to leave as soon as their work is done. We are free to do as we please,” he murmured. “Besides, I know you can’t resist that I’m a virgin and I want only you to take that away from me,” he added with a wink.
Thank you for reading! I will continue to post throughout the month so comment some kink prompts you’d like to see and let me know what you thought about this one!
"John, I can't...I've never shared a heat with an Omega, I might hurt you," Sherlock said, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth.
Sherlock kept on with his prep for another minute before John released a loud, long purr and completely spread his legs. Sherlock's logical brain lost to his more instinctive, and primitive brain and lined his cock up with John's entrance and immediately started pushing in. John almost howled in pleasure as Sherlock seated himself inside the Omega. He pushed back and demanded more with a broken voice.
Sherlock's own anatomy was getting the better of him. John smelled amazing, but he stayed strong and stood his ground. "John, it's me, Sherlock. I'm your friend, not your Alpha. I can't do what you're asking," he said helplessly as he watched John thrash around on the sheets under him.
“Yeah. You’re right. It didn’t. We ruined each other. We were toxic…”
There was bleeding, certainly. The bullet was still inside his body, blocking most of the blood flow.
an advantage. But since when had he started caring about John Watson? He didn’t care about him, of course not, he just found him interesting, that was all.
“You’re not looking at them.”
He was walking through the halls, thinking about what to say to the greaser, when someone held him from behind, tightly. John was surprised and then he realized he couldn't move his arms and he could barely stand, so whoever it was holding him was incredibly strong. He was trying to turn when he heard a familiar voice.
John sighed. "Why, why of all places here?" He thought it would be too stupid not to get in there, anyway it's not like he had brilliant memories of this place. He stood in front of the door, thinking if it was a good idea. Finally, he entered and took the seat by the window, he liked the view of it.
The boy ignored it and asked, "where's Harriet?"
"Why?" John asked before telling himself to shut up.
He placed it on the tip of his tongue. He felt good all of the sudden, just because he was tasting it.
"Goodnight, Harry." -Sherlock said looking at her, unaware.
Lestrade frowned at Sherlock’s sudden change of attitude but nodded, albeit warily.
"There's another reason for your visit. You didn't just came by to thank me, obviously."
He’d be okay with it, eventually.
Sherlock smiled. He needed more. They needed more.
Sherlock had closed his eyes too. "No it isn't, it's stupid." He said shaking his head.
Which was stupid, because they’d already found the person who’d killed her and even though everything suggested he might be the killer of all these other people they couldn’t prove it. There was no other way to look for evidence. How would they manage to show that Michael Jones was the killer?
"Us." John said turning again.
"Yeah?"
Before the bell rang in which seemed for John like the most eternal two hours he had lived in his entire life, Hikes took out the history
He'd wanted to escape to John's room but three things had certainly interceded on his inability to do it: 1. He didn't know wether John wanted to see him or not, and if he didn't he would understand, 2. Mycroft had apparently warned his minions about Sherlock's plan and so they had planted two security guards on his door and 3. He felt too weak to move. The morphine had provided relief, but he was certain that his body was in no shape at all, and had no energy to move, even to such a short distance. So he decided to sleep.
"What?"
They were heavy, and the road from the shelves to the desk seemed endless, yet it were only 5 or 6 steps. John wanted to prove he
And that,
“No, you won't, we'll make sure of that. We’ll be at your house by 8 p.m, is that okay with you?”
John looked at him confused, "of course it's okay with me!"
“Sorry. I was already falling asleep.” John lied rubbing his nape and showing a silly smile.
“Rest assured, brother mine, I won’t.”
