one perfect eyebrow at my odd request before slowly making his
Castile was in the bunker resting after their latest hunt, he was still a bit weak after the fall. He found a box in the library that had a lot of old comic books and that Dean had called “invaluable” because they were first editions, he had been reading one and had made the connections to some of the pop culture references that Dean would sometimes make.
Dean looks for it on the desk but it's not there. “I´ll go see if you didn’t leave him downstairs.”
Song #29
Jimmy points the gut at Uriel. “ I shall dispatch you to your father in Hell.”
Song # 42
“Yeah but we can get them at the market, this is going to be the best Christmas ever.” Dean grins and goes to give instructions as to where is the car before he ends up going with them to the car to make sure they don´t hurt baby.
if I could kiss him -just like that- then words wouldn't be needed.
Dean sighs and looks at Sam. “I´m going to call Lisa… Can you ask Gabe if he has any news?”
“Those are nice, come we need to find some more before we try that chocolate, and then we can go home, as much as I´m enjoying this, my feet are starting to freeze.”
“He disappeared…the day after Nick… I don't know what happened to him. Maybe he couldn't take it. ” Kelly looks at her drawer. “Ever since then I have to take care of Jack on my own and I couldn't do it anymore.”
Gadreel nods and makes his way to the las aisle, he spots at the corner a selection of aspirins and reads the prices before grabbing the cheapest one.  As he is selecting one the bell from the store rings and a man wearing a beanie and jacket walks in, he ignores the cashier and walks making sure the store is empty, he doesn't see Gadreel at the back.
“None did anything to find my son. Now please I will ask you to leave.” He looks away and waits.
“Yes, my mother but I dint want to ask her for anything, We don´t get along but I guess I'm out of options… ”
head to admire the picture he makes. One long pale finger twirls
“This killer is no ordinary murderer. He is intelligent, organized, and methodical. You won't find him by patrolling the streets.” Castiel tries to keep calm.
Dean and Sam find a letter that has a clue to help them find Ben.
Gadreel moves closer to her and leans down on the nightstand. “Can you tell me more about your son? What kind of kid was he?”
Sam nods. “I think you should open it and depending on what we find we can go to the police.”
Fourth Song
“Sammy?” Dean asks as he walks to the door.
The clerk uses the newspaper he is reading to cover his face a little. “Don't know who is she.”
Sam helps Dean sit on the bed and Gabe comes out of the bathroom. “What happened?”
“I found it and it seemed interesting, Dean. They mention something about kryptonite… and I couldn’t help to notice some things in common.” Castiel moves his head to look at his best friend.
We learn a bit more about what happened in Dean´s past.
He looks around and sees the seesaw that's empty and remembers when he was a kid ad he enjoyed playing with Sam. He smiles and looks at his son. “Hey! It´s been a long time since I played in one of this, what you say we give it a try?”
“Are you looking for something?” Henry asks as he observes his behavior.
“Yeah. I made sure that none followed me.”
He arrives at the train station and stops in his tracks, he has been avoiding large crowds since he woke up from his coma, he closes his eyes to relax. He looks around and notices that the locker room is on the other side of the building which means he will have to walk between the crowd. “You can do this, Dean.” He whispers as he takes a deep breath and starts to make his way slowly. He flinched a little as some of the people passing by bump into him.
I could...
Jimmy grunts in pain before he rolls to the side and stands up pulling out a gun.
Uriel looks at Castiel. “Shoot, Novak!”
“Congratulate Larry on my behalf.” Cas smiles as he gets out his wallet and deposits some bills in the basket.
The cop frowns. “You say you took your son to the park after school. But you didn't report him missing until 8:15. Why did it take you so long to contact the police?”
Kelly shakes her head. “No, he just left the house, and… well there was just a cell phone.”
“Have you seen lieutenant Muller?” He asks him as he notices different police officers but none that looks like the lead detective.
Anna frowns a bit thinking all of this is weird and that the man looks somehow familiar. She shrugs and decides to go to her room.
“I think we can get them and also a bunch of others since the tree isn’t exactly small and I think it will look nice if everyone adds something they like.” Sam tells him before he sees some gold spheres.
The cop looked at it and then step to the side to let him walk in.
11:03 am
Sam and Jack find them finally just as Dean is done with the tree. “What do you think, Sammy?”
The man sighs. “My son is dead, Mr. Shurley… I have nothing more to say.”
Dean walks with Ben to the nearby park and sits with him at a bench, thankfully it's not raining yet and there are other kids at the park. This is one of the nicer ones since it has swings, slides, and even a carousel that kids can get on for one dollar.
“Stop! Stop, that's enough!”Jimmy takes a step back
Chapter 11- First Encounter
Gadreel thanks him and grabs the box before he leaves. He goes to his apartment to think about the figures, they don´t make any sense.
“I see, Everything okay at school? Any particular problems between you and your wife?
“I´m leaving too.” And starts to walk to his own car. Once inside he sighs. “I need to change my clothes before stopping at the station.” He starts the car and then drives to his hotel.
“No!, no hospitals.”
Fifth song.
“I did, I...I didn't leave. I watched the carousel and... I can't remember exactly...it all happened so fast.” Dean felt Sam´s hand on his shoulder offering support.
Song #10
“Then you would understand that I don't want to talk about it!”
Castiel nods and goes back to his chair. He sighs and decides to spend his time playing, he gets his glasses and glove and selects a ball game where he has to throw it to a brick wall. The other people around him look at him wearily since only he can see the game. He plays until he is sure the 20 minutes have passed and removes his glasses and the glove. After wearing them he has to blink a few times since his eyesight got a bit tired. Just then a man wearing a suit and a bit bald opens the door that said ´Captain´ and walks approaches the receptionist.
“I don´t need that... wait … are you sure Cas would like to go to that?” He asks feign not being interested.
FATHER AND SON
“Okay, and What was your son wearing when he disappeared?”
“He said he was stuck in traffic, sir.”The cop explains before looking for a way out to go and get news about the coroner.
Looking over his shoulder at me he smiles affectionately, arching
And for one simple -but not so simple- moment I hold him close to
“Okay, doc.” He sighs a little since he didn't do well with tests.
She nods and stands up before she leads Castiel to his office in the back hallway of her desk. She opens the door letting him see inside. “I know it´s not the best one but hey, you got a desk and a chair! And maybe decorate to your own ideas?”
“Okay… and is there someone that can confirm this?” Castiel asks.
Wish...
“Do you still have it?” Gadreel asks curiously about this possible lead.
“Oh, it´s a present we offer our new lieutenants. We have the same model each year for the past twenty years for each promotion. It optimizes everybody´s time and it's the kind of thing that always goes down well. You can contribute to our fund if you like, we're still a few dollars short.”
Dean blinked a few times processing Castiel´s words.
“You don´t want to shoot anyone, I know we can fix this in a different way, my name is Gadreel, what´s your name?”
relaxation and wonder, something that is very rare to see but that
Dean curses and he smashes the GPS and grabs the key, he moves and wipes some sweat mixed with blood from his forehead as he tries to see and open the compartment. He grabs the memory card and crawls away once he manages to kick the door open. He hears the sirens approaching, he walks towards the forest limping a little.
Gabe nods as he sees the box with the origami figures. “We will get Ben back… But I think we should call that FBI dude… he didn´t seem to agree with the cops and they usually are better trained.”
Sam nods. “We need to go to the police, Dean and I know you don´t want to but we need to tell Lisa about this.”
“Sammy? What…why are you guys here?” Dean blinks as Sam turns on the lights.
Gabriel smirks at that. “Sure, he needs to go outside and have some fun, besides it would also be fun to see his face and reaction to some of the traditions.”
He rubbed his back and went for a beer and heat in the microwave a slice of pizza to eat while he watched the TV. There had been another murder, another kid around 8 had been taken and the police hadn’t gotten any clues as to where he was. He takes a sip of his bottle and changes the channel. He can’t stomach news where kids get hurt or murder since it makes him think about Emma and how he had been so careless.
They finally arrived at the farm and there were already several cars parked and families were getting out wearing their coats and mittens before entering the place where they could select their tree and there was the option of cutting it by themselves or having an employee do that. There were also stands with hot chocolate and gingerbread cookies along with a small Christmas market where they could buy ornaments or winter clothes.
I could...
understand. I suppose...
Castiel looks at him as he walks to the desk. “For him, they're more of an image, a symbol. That's probably why he gives them an origami figure and an orchid, as gifts to apologize for what he's done to them...”
“Okay… you can watch TV for a few minutes and then is bedtime.” He stood up and starts to wash the dishes.
Uriel sits on the table that is in the room. “What about the voices, Jimmy? Do you still hear the voices?” he approaches him trying to intimidate him. “We know who talks to you, don't we, Nathaniel? Oh, we both know who talks to you.”
8:00 pm
Sam nods and looks at Gabe. “We will need to get more bandages and pills.”
It had been now almost 6 months and he hasn't experienced any side effects unless the headaches he has suffered a few times are one of those, Hannah wasn´t very specific about the side effects.
“When are you leaving?” His best friend asked knowing this day would come since Dean had told him that his father wanted and had forced him to join the army.
Castiel looks at the door and then at the other. “...I'm not sure that's entirely legal.”
Gadreel nods and turns looking for the stairs and goes up the stairs until he is in front of the room. He knocks and waits.
“Gabe… we found some clues… Dean went to investigate..I´m staying at a motel. I will send you the address just make sure none is following you. I don´t have a good feeling about this but Dean won´t go to the police and someone needs to watch his back.”
“Damn, you really are committing to the whole dinner thing,” Sam said walking into the kitchen and seeing all the bags.
No, not scream. Never screaming. Screaming symbolises pain and he has
Cas nods at that and after talking with the detective who he found to be a bit rough he went to the place where the body was. He takes out his AI glasses and a glove. He had been given them as part of a pilot program where the FBI had developed a set of a right-handed glove that allows the person to physically interact with ARI´s interface and the environment and the glasses allows the user to enhance the world, by detecting and recording information from the environment, This way the person could stream information via sensors in the glove, allowing research on things such as blood type, shoe size, etc. Also by giving commands one can save or overwrite notes and review the data at any place or time.
Dean looks at the paper and examines the picture which is in black and white. He tells her it looks like a bat, he expects her to say that he is incorrect or something but she doesn't and shows him another picture. They continue with the pictures for what feels like an eternity, some pictures for him are easy to recognize an animal or even people but others take him a bit to see something.
“What are you waiting for, sugar?” She asks when she notices that he doesn´t move.
Castiel nods and thanks to her before he closes the door and sees the empty office. “Guess they really don´t like the FBI…time to work.” He then pushes the desk to a wall and moves the chair so he can sit down, he gets out ARI. “Step one, change the office.” Just as he says that ARI shoes him his surroundings as f he were in a mountain, he frowns and changes it to a forest. Happy with that he starts to look at the files he has gotten and opens his map. “There is always a railroad line adjacent to where the bodies are found and all the victims disappeared in the fall.” He marks the locations. “The killer has a large comfort zone. I need to narrow this…” He sighs and looks at the file he marked as modus operandi. “ Always the same ritual. An origami figure in the hand, an orchid on the chest. The victims have always been dead for less than six hours when they were found, which means they remained alive for several days before being drowned. Over 3,500 people questioned, over one hundred suspects interrogated, and not a single lead to go on...there must be something…” He puts away that file and looks at the one marked profile. “The killer is white, aged between 30 and 45. He is intelligent, calm, and determined. An organized type. He has a car, he's probably employed but his work allows him free time. He must have a car. ARI analyzes the tire tracks.” He waits and then reads the info. “The killer's car is probably a Chevrolet Malibu 83.” Since Castiel doesn´t have any more clues, he stands up and goes to the door, maybe if he cleared his head he would be able to see something that the other might have missed.
“Well kinda…” Sam answers. “Some families like to do this but the majority prefer to buy an artificial one from a mall and decorate it, not everyone likes to have to pick up dying leaves in January.”
As you can see I´m adding some time points so we can get an idea of what's happening, the first chapter of Dean was just like an introduction. the rest of the chapter happen at the same day but different hours, this will also help me in later chapters when things do hit the fan. Thanks for reading.
“Hey man… I got the letter.” Dean said and showed him his acceptance letter to the army.
“Yeah, a little girl. Her name is Jessica.”
I could erase all the anger that lurks deep within his bright charcoal
Gadreel walks towards the desk and shows him his badge. “My name is Gadreel Shurley, I´m a private detective as you can see and I´ve been investigating the case of the origami killer and I would like to ask you a few questions.”
Second song.
“Oh, great. There must be ten thousand people living in that sort of area. You gonna question them one by one?”
Uriel doesn't answer as he walks inside the room, Castiel looks around one last time before he follows the other inside. He stops as soon as he sees the place. The main room has numerous crosses adorning the walls.
Uriel nods as he walks to a corner where there is an altar. “He's a God-fearing idiot, waiting for the end of the world. We questioned him a few months back because he was causing a disturbance in the park. He was ranting and raving - said he heard voices. Got this idea in his sick little head that I was the Anti-Christ and I'd come to Earth to persecute him. Real twisted.”
“How far are you prepared to go to save someone you love?” Sam reads next to him as he looks at the screen then the picture changes:
“If something happens to me, I need you, both to continue and save Ben… please. I couldn't save Emma but I can save Ben.” He said almost crying.
Castiel looks at both of them. “I'm agent Castiel Novak, FBI. I'd like to ask you a few questions.”
Ben looks up at him and thinks about it before he nods smiling a bit as he goes to one edge and sits down. Dean waits and soon both of them are having fun on the seesaw. Dean grins before he stays down and teases his son about how he won´t be coming down for a while. Ben giggles at that and asks to be let down and after a while, Dean finally agrees. He looks around for another thing they can do together and points to the merry-go-round. “Oh! I bet I can push you so hard you will want to throw up.”
“Well there’s the mention of the superhuman powers which kind of applies to me and it mentions a weakness. I do have a weakness, Dean, all of my brothers have mentioned it and I didn´t want to believe them.” Castiel sighs and closes his eyes before he stares at green eyes. “You are my kryptonite, Dean.”
Pam sits straighter and crosses her arms on the desk. “Dean, you suffered severe head trauma and you were in a coma for six months.  We don´t really know the effect of what something like that could have had in the brain.” The alarm sound signaling the end of the session. “Well that´s the end of this session, we can continue with his the next week.
“Did Shaun have any particular difficulties, Mr. Winchester? Anything that might have caused him to run away?”
“Sir? Are you alright?” Anna asks as she holds him when he almost collapses on the floor.
Lilith sighs. “It´s fifty bucks, no kissing nor anything weird for that is extra.”
Dean went to one of the weekend parties with Castiel and they were in the backyard drinking some beers.
After that, they both start to walk to the car, on their way there they pass by the carousel and Ben asks him if he can ride on it.
“Tomorrow,” Dean said with a sigh. “Guess this is my last party.”
Castiel pulls out his own gun and points it at Jimmy. “Put down the gun!”
He gets back and picks Jack in his arms and holds him before offering him the bottle of milk, Jack uses his arms to try and hold the bottle, before he finishes it, he starts to fall asleep, Gadreel remembers to move the bottle so Jack finishes it and then moves to burp him, he barely remembers to use a towel to cover his shoulder. He then cradles Jack and slowly lays him on his bassinet.
Pamela finally puts away the pictures and looks at Dean. “I have the results form your MRI, there's no physical damage from the accident but I´m worried about your mental health, Dean. I want you to realize that you weren´t responsible for what happened.”
Lilith sits down and looks down. “What do you want to know?”
Hope you are liking the story.
He looks at her. “I had a baby brother, I know a thing or two.” After that, he moves to the living room and goes to stand in front of the bassinet. He was going to pick him up when he sees the bloodstains on his hands and decides to go wash them in the kitchen. Once he does that he goes back to the bassinet and looks at the baby. “Hey Jack…what´s the problem?” he leans down to pick him when he notices the smell which makes him step back a bit. “Oh, I see how it is. Don't worry Jack. I will clean you up in a second.”
“Puff, it’s going to be fun! And I bet Cassie will love it.” He winks at him. “Might give you brownie points.”
“No, mom said I shouldn’t have sugar before bed.” Ben stands up to leave his empty plate in the sink.
Sam opens the door as he carries a brown box with groceries. “There´s like a dozen reporters outside, Dean!” he walks to the kitchen and leaves the things on the table.
Gabe nods at that and agrees that is very unusual. “Then lest star looking for the families and see if they want to talk to us.”
As it lights a woman´s voice speaks. “Your destinations is 4 miles from here, leave the parking lot, and take the first right.”
We finally get to meet Castiel.
maybe that would take more than just a hug. Maybe I should...
“Look, Sam. I’ll call you later, I-I can´t find Ben.” Dean ends the call and starts running around the park shouting his son´s name. He runs to the car and can´t see him there. He tries to calm down and thinks that maybe Ben went back to the house since its close, so he gets in his baby before driving the few blocks to the house. He opens the door. “Ben!” there´s no answer and he looks in every room of the house but nothing. He goes back to the street and looks at both sides of the road before he finally loses it and falls down on the sidewalk and that´s when he notices an origami figure in his hand.
“Cool, maybe Gabe and I can tag along? We can meet at the park once I get done with a client and Gabe is only going to his candy shop to check the inventory.”
Touch him.
“We are back, Cas” Dean said with a smirk and looked at the comic book. “Oh, you are reading Superman”
Wednesday
It was raining as Anna drives to the Cross Road motel, she is driving her new bike and parks in front of the main office, She removes her helmet and walks inside. She hopes that if she is away from her apartment, she will finally be able to sleep for the whole night, she hates having insomnia and needs sleep, also maybe that way she can think clearer and try to find a new story for the newspaper where she works.
Uriel stands up. “ Tell me, Agent Novak, did you get your vast experience on the job, or did you just fuckin' read about it in a schoolbook?!”
“Sambo, you go with him, I´m going to stay here in case Ben arrives or someone calls.” Gabriel stayed at the door.
words? What if he thinks that I love him like a brother or a friend?
And suddenly I remember why I love him.
“Yes, Sir… Well, all the victims were drowned in rainwater. The killer kills only in the fall when there is plenty of rain. It could be that he puts them in some sort of well or a tank that is open to the sky and that fills up with rainwater. The more it rains, the less time the victim has to live...” He looks around the room before he continues. “Then I studied the geographical distribution of the murders. Generally, a killer commits his first murder near to where he lives - so he has a safe place to flee to if any complications arise. The more confident he becomes, the further he roams from his base. By analyzing the locations where the victims disappeared, I was able to isolate a zone where the killer might live.”
Put them all together...
“I would like to get my car..” He hands the employee the ticket.
Dean doesn´t answer right away as he sees a black-haired man approaching the desk. If he hadn´t been so worried about Ben he would have said that the new guy was handsome. “He was wearing a coat...A black coat and a pair of green pants.”
He waits at the desk for an employee but none comes so after a few more minutes he decides to go to the back where he spots a man working under a green VAN. He stops next to him.
me in a loving embrace. He just stands there in a
change our world? Maybe then I should wish...
. He also got some cider, potatoes, bacon among stuff for salad and other things he had seen that had caught his attention.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel and Dean Winchester had met when they both were in middle school. Dean had lived all his life in Lawrence Kansas and was one of the popular kids thanks to his looks but especially his green eyes and charming personality. He had been going to his literature class when he saw Azazel bother a new kid, he hated the other guy and went to stop him, none dares to mess with Dean Winchester since his father was the major. Azazel had left and Dean moved to help the kid, he had asked him what his name was he couldn’t help but to notice the scared blue eyes, he offered his help and that was the start of their friendship that had to endure until their last year of college when Dean had come to put a name to his feeling for his best friend. Everyone at school knew that Castiel was gay and some teased him but what they didn´t know was that the famous ladies man Dean Winchester was bi, and since he had a reputation to hold, he never said anything to his friend until tonight…
The receptionist nods and checks her out. “For you anything. Fill this.”
Castiel blinked a little and stood up leaving his empty cup on the trunk they were sitting and let Dean placed his hands on his waist and
“We got worried after you ended the call like that. Where´s Ben?” Sam moves closer.
I feel about him. Kisses that would explain the deep feelings that I
“I understand.” Gadreel sits next to her. “Did your husband say anything before he disappeared?I mean, did he leave a note or something?”
“I did, I went to the crime scene in the morning.”
“Dean… look, man, I get it but just… be careful. I can distract the journalists and you take my car but I need you to call me if you do find something.”
“Hello, Samalamb. How´s Dean?” Gabe asks cheerfully as he waves at a customer.
Wednesday
The shrink
Dean sighs as he walks back into his small house, he removes his soaked jacket as he sighs since he feels tired after another day working at the garage. He looks at the calendar and smiles, tomorrow he gets to pick up Ben from school and spend the whole weekend together, ever since his divorce from Lisa things have been a bit bad for him. First, he lost his job at a muscle car renovation place, and then he had to move to a creepy house. His brother, Sam had offered to let him crash at his place with his hyperactive boyfriend, while he got his feet on stable ground again but his pride didn't let him. So, he had found a small two-floor fixer up house with two bedrooms, a kitchen, and a living room with a mini room that he had turned into a washing room.
Uriel nods. “Fine…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean pulled out and smirked at the other before he grabbed some lube and a condom.
Sam nods and watches as his brother leaves the motel. He sighs before putting everything in the box and he calls his boyfriend.
Sam was ready to scold his brother but the mention of the phone stops him and turns it on, he sees the video of Ben. “Dean! We need to take this to the police, they can track the video or something.”
Tuesday 7:55 p.m
Ben shrugs. “I like my school, and I have some friends they might go to my birthday.”
“I know… hey why don´t you go shower and I fix us some breakfast?” he suggests since he doesn´t know what else they can do, the police said they would keep them informed about the investigation and Lisa returned but hasn´t shown up at Dean´s place.
Dean parks baby and walks with Cas seeing the different stands, some offer food and others different products for the house and also clothes, they go to the end and see a small area that’s being used to hold a gingerbread house competition. He paid for the skates and while they are walking on the mat he is doing okay while Cas is apparently having no troubles.
Uriel walks to check the pulse and calls an ambulance.
Dean smiles and goes to get an ax and a man follows him telling him how to cut the tree.
Dean looks around and notices the other kids having fun and wonders what he can do to make Ben happy, he knows to be late to school had been his fault cuz he couldn’t sleep last night and the one before so he missed his alarm and they had arrived late two days in a raw. He remembers the good times when Ben loved to play with other kids at the park and usually he had to beg him so they could go home but that had been before the accident before he had messed up.
After that night they both had pretended that it hadn’t happened and got back to hang together when they could but on two more occasions they had ended in bed, Castiel by then had known that Dean wasn´t as straight as he liked people to think since then they would always meet at a random motel using different names and spent the night together. Castiel hated it and after months of them doing this he had realized he couldn’t keep doing it, he didn´t want to be kept like a dirty secret so tonight he would tell Dean that whatever they had was over and that it was for the best.
doesn't look out of place.
Zachariah stands up. “That´s enough! ...You said it took 6 inches of rainfall before the victim died. How much time do we have left? ”
Gadreel heard that since he was the only customer in the store and slowly starts to walk in the back aisle trying not to make any noise so he won´t alert the thief.
Castiel sneaked out with Baltahzar to look at the local marked of the town they were visiting. He wanted to see things from another perspective and his friend was to ease to convince. They disguised themselves and made their way through town, he saw some cloths that Anna would love to have and when he was ready to go back he saw a man with blond hair and green eyes, he stopped and Balthazar had to push him so he could move, he stopped his brother and made his way towards the stand. He asked about the products and bought some milk which he didn´t really need and also some fresh strawberries.
Chapter 1- Friends
He leaves the room and checks in the kitchen and living room before he finally checks the washing room where he finds the teddy bear, he smiles and goes upstairs. “Here you have, Ben. Sweet dreams. I love you.”
Dean was getting tired of his life, he was a country singer and made his way around the country playing at different seedy bars. When he had started it had been fun, he got to meet a lot of people and got to sleep with some of his few fans but now that he was getting older, he started to realized he needed something else, he was getting ready for his next concert at “The Roadhouse”, he was going to take a break after this show.
Cas nodded and goes to the stand where he gets a set of the bee ornaments and pays using the card Dean had given him.
“Yes but the killer has kidnapped another boy around 10, like your son, Josh. I have four days before the police find his body in a wasteland.” Gadreel tries to reason with the man.
As soon as his feet touch the ice, he has trouble and clutched to the wall for support. Cas chuckles a bit at that. “I believe you need to relax, Dean.” He steps onto the ice and as if he had been doing it all his life he slides towards his human.
He sits down and around 5 minutes later Pamela Barns opens the door and lets him in. “Take a seat, Dean. Today we are going to start a bit different, I want to do a test, its  called Rorschach test, I´ll show you some pictures and I want you to tell me what do you see, don´t think too much, just tell me the first thing you that comes to your mind.”
Ice Dance
American Pie by Don McLean
She nods a little. “I already told the cops everything that I know Mr. Shurley.  Now leave me alone.”
Wednesday
to him. But what if he doesn't understand the full extent of my
that is him and cherish every little breath he makes before I...
a way that would bring him to his knees as he screamed with ecstasy.
Sam looks over his shoulder, “Who? What?” he doesn't seem capable of forming a sentence.
“Wait.” He tries to stop her from closing the door at his face.
“I´ll be back tomorrow.” He told Sam after he went over his trip with his younger brother. “Want me to get you a new book or something?”
He starts to walk back to the room to check on Kelly when Jack starts to cry again. He turns back and looks at him. “What's the matter?” he looks at the baby before he follows his intuition and goes to the kitchen to fix a bottle. He opens the fridge and takes one out and is glad to see the microwave and places the bottle inside, after a bit he gets it out but its too hot so he places it under the cold water until its warm enough for Jack by dropping a few drops on the back of his hand.
Dean nods and thanks him before offering to pay and find out that he had already paid and he chuckles saying he had forgotten that. He waves and rides the elevator to the third floor and then looks at all the cars, he frowns since he doesn't know which is his car. He looks down at the keys and decides to press the unlock button, he grins as he can see a car whose lights light up. It´s a red Pontiac Sunfire. He starts to look for the next clue, he looks under the seats and the glove compartment which is locked but only fins a GPS. He decides to set it up and turn it on.
“Yeah, I thought it would be also as a celebration,” Dean said closing the fridge and rubbing the back of his head.
“I don´t know Sammy… he is gone, I was with him and then I have one of my episodes and next thing I know you are calling.”
Ben nods as he goes to drink some water from his backpack and he looks at one corner of the park. “Can I have gummy bears?”
Dean blinks as he looks around and feels ice at the pit of his stomach when he can´t hear any kid or see Ben. “Fuck! Ben!” he starts to shout.
Dean grabs the phone and puts it in his jeans before looking at his brother. “That´s our answer man, I´m going. Keep this with you and don´t let anyone see it, got it?”
“The name is Dean.”
Gadreel steps back and raises his arms. “Hey kid, don´t panic. We just need to stay calm…nobody here wants to hurt you. We just need to be cool about the situation and everything will be alright.”
Dean goes on to fulfill the first task, he doesn´t know what's in store for him.
“I saw some ornaments that would look pretty good in our tree.”
Zachariah nods and looks at Uriel. “I know we don´t need a fed but I need you to play nice with him and actually catch this man. We can´t afford the bad press anymore and if we don´t catch him it will be the third year without catching this guy.”
cool cheek and whisper three little words into his ear, "I love you"
"Cas" I call out in a voice barely above a whisper as I hold
The captain nos and smiles at Castiel before shaking his hand. “Novak, of course! I´ve been expecting you. I´m in a bit of a hurry but you can tag along if you want.” Zachariah starts to walk down the cubicles.
The light of the moon plays off of his features and completes the
Cas frowns as he follows Dean to the garage of the bunker. “I still don´t understand why we need to cut a tree, Dean. We can get an artificial one.”
suffered so much already. Perhaps a touch wouldn't help him to
Castiel went to his hotel room and got changed into a clean suit and then decided to go explore the city a little bit since he would be staying there for a while even though he hoped the case would be over soon. He found a lot of nice places to eat and saw stopped for lunch at a nice restaurant before he spotted a candy shop where he found some really nice chocolate and the owner seemed to be a pretty weird man called Gabriel who had been dancing to a pop song when he had entered the store. Then he had seen the time and decided to relax in his room before he finally went to the station. He grabbed his umbrella before he got in his rental car and drove to the police station. He arrived and asked the receptionist who told him that Zachariah was busy in his office and to please sit down and wait. Castiel nods and sits on a chair near the desk. He looks around at the station seeing how the main offices are around the edge forming a rectangle and in the middle there are cubicles.
align="center">
“Sorry about the mess. Can I ask who was he?” He asks as he cleans his face using a handkerchief he had in his coat.
“I love you, dad…” Ben smiles a little before he moves to cuddle with his teddy bear and falls asleep.
“That may be true in novels but there's a child's life at stake here.”
Castiel picks up two folders. “Two suspects whose psychological profiles might and can be connected to the 'comfort' zone. I'd like to question them.”
Just as he finishes speaking the main door opens and a middle-aged man walks in.
A young cop, named  Ash asks a question. “Why does he kill them if he doesn't have anything against them?”
“Did your son live with him?”
Note: One (1.00) inch of rain – A light-moderate rain never reaches this amount, heavy rain for several hours (2-5 hours)yes. There would be deep standing water for long periods of time.
Uriel nods but doesn't look convinced. “Alright, that's all the questions I have for now. You're free to go, Mr. Winchester. We'll continue to look for Ben overnight. We'll contact you if we have any more questions or new information.” He stands up and grabs his notebook.
“I asked for the money!” the thief moves closer o the desk as Henry tries to talk to him by telling him that he won´t give him the money. And manages to see Gadreel walk with a bottle that he intended on breaking on the thief but the heard him and turns to point the gun at him.
Dean wakes up and goes to see the calendar, today is Tuesday and he has his weekly appointment with his shrink at 1, after that he will go and pick for Ben up from school since Lisa is out on a work trip so he gets to have his son for the whole week. He has already made some plans for them to try and bond with him.
The next day, Cas and Dean made their way to the festival after telling Sam they were only going put on a date and not to the festival cuz who wanted to go around noon?
Dean tries a few more times until the employee hears him and moves from under the car.
We get to meet the next characters of the story.  A private detective that wants to help find the killer.
Uriel looks at both of them. “Exactly what time did you arrive at the park? Try to remember exactly, Mr. Winchester. Every detail can be important.”
tells them to me whenever he has the chance. It should only be fair
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen, your son's probably just run off and he'll turn up in a couple of hours, and if not then we have about four days to find him alive,” Uriel comments before he walks away from them.
“Dean, thank god, I was starting to get worried,” Sam said through the phone. “When are you guys arriving? You were supposed to be here over an hour ago.”
“I remember telling you to get thicker socks, Dean.” Cas stares at him. “But yes, I think we should go look for them, last I heard, Jack was trying to make Sam buy him popcorn lights for the tree.”
Castiel shakes his head. “Not really, we have always been busy hunting and I never was curious about this type of celebrations while I was in heaven.”
That I could...
Dean nods and stands up looking for his keys.
“It´s on.” He smiles and starts to push him and runs as he gains speed. Ben tells him to go faster and soon Dean stands to the side watching his son laugh and enjoy it before it stops and he feels a bit dizzy. Dean stops him before he can fall down. “Having fun?”
“Yeah, I found one in his dresser. I´m sure it wasn't his, I have never seen it before. I tried to turn it on but it didn't work.”
And I now...
Wednesday
Shower him with soft butterfly kisses that would tell him exactly how
“A cell phone?”
She shakes her head before they both can hear the cries of the baby. She moves to stand up but Gadreel stops her. “You need a bit of rest, Mrs. Kline.”
“Dean? What's going on?” his brother asks worriedly.
Dean takes the time to appreciate that his son is feeling happy and it's because of him. He waves a few times before he turns around and he gets a bit dizzy, he knows the feeling its what happens before he has a blackout, suddenly everything goes dark and he remembers shouting for Ben.
Dean smiles at his son but it´s not returned. He sighs, ever since the divorce, Ben seems to blame him and won’t talk more than what’s necessary. Even if he is trying his best to gain his son back.
Sam glared at them.
He tries to open but it´s locked, he tries a few more times before he starts to hit the door with his shoulder until it finally snaps open, he stops and sees Mrs. Kline on the bathtub with her wrists open but not bleeding heavily, meaning she didn´t cut deep enough. He tries to wake her up and succeed a little before he looks for a towel to apply pressure on the wounds. He then carries her to her bed and does his best to dress the wound using some gauze he finds in the bathroom.
“Don't mention it… ” he hands him the money for his aspirins.
“Maybe but they might take ages to do something about it, I have to go out of here and find out what this ticket is about. I promise to call you if I find something.”
Dean nods and drags his feet to the hallway where he sees an envelope. He frowns and picks it up before going to the kitchen. He ignores Sam´s questions as he opens it since it has his name.
"Friends" by Blake Shelton
Dean nods and holds his hand and kisses his cheek before they start walking in search of the others.
Gadreel sighs a little but he is used to this type of people so he pulls out a bill and the clerk changes his attitude.
unconsciously with a lock of black hair as his  eyes flash
“Ben is a good kid and he knows that if he can´t find his father or mother, he can call me and I will help him but he didn't contact me,” Sam adds. “My brother loves his son.”
“Doctor Barns will see you soon .” She smiles at him and goes back to whatever she was doing before Dean arrived.
Uriel shakes his head. “Maybe we should have a little look inside anyway.”
“Okay… How was school?”
She nods and with that Gadreel leaves the room, he stops to look for the cell phone and once he finds it, he leaves hoping things will get better for the small family.
Chapter 9: Suicide Baby
Ben nods as it starts to drizzle. He picks up his backpack. “I remember when things were different, Dad, when Emma was still alive. Sometimes I wish everything were as it was before... ”
“I´m going back to the office,” Uriel said looking st him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, I know who you are talking, third door, last door on the left.” He said before going back to his newspaper.
Anna sighs and with some difficulty manages to get the man to his room and is about to ask for the keys a tall man opens the door who once he notices the man moves and helps him.
“How are you so good at this?” Dean grumbles, still white-knuckling the wall.
“I believe that only works if both persons are under it in which case is only you.” Sam points out.
Dean looks at his hands. “He is a bit lonely but he is doing very well at school even if he doesn't have a lot of friends and well he is very close to his mother… with me he is distant.”
“Ben, he is a sensitive child. Our relationship has been a little...difficult recently.”
“What? You better explain this when I see you at that place. I will close the store at the usual time and then you will tell me whats going on.”
Dean nods and waves at him before he left on the two hours trip. When he arrived at the next town, he heard there was a commotion, apparently, the Lord of the Kingdome was visiting the town and there was going to be some kind of celebration tonight. Dean saw it as and advantage since that meant rich people and he was sure they would appreciate fresh produce, he went to the main plaza and set his stand, it was late afternoon when he saw a man that stands out against the people, he had black hair and obviously had money.
Sam shakes his head. “Don´t think so…why?”
He starts to speed up and finally merges with the traffic, he uses all his abilities as he drives dodging cars, some barely avoiding him. He continues to drive and hears the cops but he doesn't dare look back and finally after what seems like an eternity he hears the GPS telling him he has reached his destination and congratulation. He turns the car and it goes over the barrier, the car flips and he barely has time to recover.
“Not really, maybe just more ink, the last bottle is almost over.” Sam walks with him to the main road.
Dean nods and looks at him and notices his blue eyes.
“I understand, Lilith. But the killer is out there and he is free, if we don´t do anything to stop him, then he will kill again and another mother will lose her son.” He tries to convince her so she can answer his questions.
He reacts to what feels a few minutes later when he hears his phone ringing. He picks up without looking at the screen. “Hello?”
“He wasn´t the best father, more like an alcoholic asshole without a job. He left the next day after my son went missing and I haven´t heard from him since then, the coward, I bet he is somewhere else beating another woman and living from her money. I´m kinda relieved he left, he was a bit abusive and always took my money.” She stands up and gets a cigarette, offering him one but Gadreel declines.
Dean sits down. “It was this afternoon, I went to the park with my son Ben. We played together for a while and then he wanted to go on the carousel, so I put him on one of the wooden horses … and when I turned back, Ben had disappeared.”
He leaves his house and goes to work before Bobby sends him off. He drives his baby, one of the few things he still has, and tries to stay in a good mood. He finally arrives at the building and parks before going up the stairs to the econ floor and informs the secretary about his arrival
I could whisper them into his always listening ear. After all, he
“I see. It doesn´t so interesting to just buy a tree.” He stops and looks around in search of Castiel and Dean.
Dean lived in a small village with his brother, Sam Winchester. Their parents had died when they were young, so Dean had to take care of Sam for the last few years. He worked as a farmer and would go to the next town to sell their vegetables or milk. Today it was market day, so Deamakeske sure to have everything ready before he left.
Sam shakes his head as he gets in the passenger seat. “I think this is the first time you actually wake up early without complaining.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean swallows the pills and thanks both before he looks at them. “I followed the damn clues… fuck!” he complains as he lays down. “I followed the clues… I had to pick a car and then did some driving but I flipped the car, good thing my belt protected me somehow… Turn on the phone.”
Dean leaves the door ajar and goes downstairs, he rubs his neck as he turns on the TV just to see that they had found the body of the missing kid near some train tracks, the police had also found some orchids and an origami figure, this proved that the origami killer had done it. It was an open investigation from what he had heard, and this was the 8th kid that had gone missing and then found like that. He sighs and goes to the kitchen for a bottle of beer hoping it would help him sleep and not wander around in the rain, sometimes he hates the weather here when its rainy season it sure is. Raining every day, nonstop
“You were lucky Dean, its very rare for people to survive such a traumatic event as you did.” She honestly said to him as she watches him walk.
Song #30
Uriel keeps talking to him about the voices and with each phrase, he starts to talk louder.
Dean lets him in and closes the door. “I found that in the locker.”
Dean nods and stands up feeling emotionally tired. He grabs his jacket and starts to walk to the door.
Sam waits until he is done reading and grabs the envelope and a ticket from the train´s station looker room slips on the table. “What do you think this means?”
Henry closes the box.“Please take the box. It didn´t help me to safe my son but maybe it will help you find the other boy…”
Wee follow Gadreel in one of his visits to another mother who lost his child to the origami killer.
Castiel steps in. “Mr…Winchester, I´m agent Novak from the FBI, can I ask you a few more questions?”
Dean chuckles. “Sounds like you are not a fan of bars or should I say country music?”
Castiel finally steps into the police station and meets the Captain and Uriel shows he can be an assbutt. Also, we get some interaction between Cas and Dean.
Sorry, no pictures this time. It was a tiring week since it was my first week back in school even if its online classes and also Gish week.
He sighs and starts to explore the scene, he walks first to the corpse and notices that in one hand there is an origami figure of a dog, on the chest, there's the orchid and from what ARI can tell him it´s been there for less than 12 hours. The face of the victim is covered in mud just like the other victims. He looks over the body but can't find anything that will lead him to a potential idea of who had done that. The data bank or ARI tells him the victim is Jeremy Bowles, who had been missing for 5 days. the pollen coming from the orchids and how it guides him towards the train tracks, he starts to follow the rail finding some blood that matches the victim´s which makes him think that the body was moved to that location and got an injury postmortem. He follows the blood that takes him over the hill which is a bit difficult since it's still raining and the mud makes it difficult. He finally manages to get to the top of the hill and sees that he is right next to the highway.
It had all started after a drunk one stand, Castiel remembers the morning after, both of them naked and he could feel his ass hurting, he had looked at Dean who was still sleeping and knew it was a mistake since Dean was dating Lisa and also because clearly, he had taken advantage of his very straight best friend. He had left not wanting to be there when Dean wakes up.
Dean nods. “I just hope this has to do with Ben.” He opens the shoe box and inside he can see some origami figures, a cell phone, a memory card, and a gun.
Castiel walked into the room that was full of LEO´s and places his files on a table before looking at them. “I was asked to help make a profile of the killer so here it is: The killer is white, aged between 30 and 45. He doesn't act on impulse but plans his crimes in a very meticulous fashion. He doesn't have anything personal against the victims. That's why he covers their faces with mud, to make them anonymous.”
“This is the place,” Dean announced almost as an afterthought, although this place was nothing like how he’d imagined.  What he imagined he couldn’t really say, it just… wasn’t this.
“I—” He swallowed desperately again.
Dean stands to refill his coffee and lets Sam do with that precious information what he will, but Jack is the one to speak.  “That doesn’t make sense,” he says, brows pinched in an eerily Cas-like expression.
“I think so.  And what would you care if Lisa were dead?  That would make things painfully easy for you, wouldn’t it?”  After a beat, he added, “I was doing it for you, Castiel.  Because of you.  You have to know that.”
With numb fingers, he fished the thing out and squinted against the bright spot in the dark, sagging when he saw the caller ID.
“Sammy?”
“Holy shit!”  With wide eyes, Dean stopped in his tracks and Castiel stopped with him.  “You’re letting me take your drinking virginity!?”
“Crowley’s looking.”
“Uh, what?”
Dean wasn’t about to let that happen though, so he was quick to dissuade that line of thinking.  Even if he really did hate shellfish.  “No, no,” he said, plucking a half shell between his fingers.  It was grey and slimy and even up close it resembled a hooker with the clap, but Dean smiled at Cas reassuringly before he mustered up the courage to slurp it back.
“I love you,” she said as they pulled away.
If anything, ‘different’ was the one thing he made it a point not to be.
Jack turns to the woman in the backseat again.  “This is Wendy,” he says in way of greeting.  “She’s a very nice lady and she knows how to knit sweaters.  I would like to learn how to knit too.  Can we learn?”
After a dithering moment, Castiel slid his chair out from the desk with a treacherous screech and waited a few beats to see if it garnered any attention from ‘Marv’.  When it didn’t,  Castiel decided maybe whatever ‘Marv’ didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.  Confidently, he flung his bag over his shoulder and strolled towards the door when Winchester peeled himself away from his book to shoot Castiel an insidious glare.
Crossing the room, he hesitated before lowering himself down on the end of the couch.  He wiped his sweaty palms on the rough denim of his jeans and breathed in deep.  His leg missed the memo to get itself under control as it kept idly bouncing with nerves which was somehow less disconcerting than the cloyingly gentle way Castiel was looking at him right about now like he was something delicate and bound to break.
“But, uh, your date, huh?”  Dean scratched his chin, faux-deep in thought.  “I think that could be arranged.  How about you come home with me for Thanksgiving first though,” he said, but his teasing face shifted into something more earnestly unsure when he looked Castiel in the eye.  “If you want to, that is.  I know you said you were gonna stay here and all, but mine’s been hounding me about meeting you for months.  I’ve been wanting to ask you, I just— It doesn’t have to be a big deal.  You don’t have to— Ugh, why did I—”
It was fortuitous though, that he went with the t-shirt today, due to just how packed the train actually was.  It felt like a bowl of pea soup and smelled even worse.  When the next group of passengers exited the doors, another wave entered.
“Of what-- How do you mean?”
The man clicked his tongue.  “Now, see, it is my business.  Cuz you tryin’ to talk to Damien is a personal issue for me.”  His words sounded overly protective, though Castiel didn’t question it.  Softer, he added, “He’s a good kid, so you better be on your best behavior tonight.”
And again… and again.
Castiel deflated as soon as he sat down on the couch.  He didn’t really know who else to talk to about this, he just knew he had to talk to someone, and Balthazar already knew the situation anyway.  He didn’t have many options.  Castiel mused over the question for a few moments too long.  “It’s a distinct possibility.”
“What is it now?” Dean balks, “Jeez, I dunno, Cas.  You know, it’s funny, I got this test in the morning I remember telling you about an hour ago that I’m trying to friggin’ study for, but that’s a little hard to do when all I can hear is you and just some guy porking each other through the fucking wall!”
When the bell rang, he pushed through the brain fog and promptly rose, ignoring the way his head still swam.  He stalked down the crowded corridor and past the swarm of curious eyes until he came to his locker and fumbled with the combination lock.  It finally clicked open after ten tries, and just as it did, another bell echoed down the hall, signalling first lunch.  He contemplated the pros and cons of actually attending Chemistry afterwards, but before he made his decision, a familiar set of hands wrapped around him from behind, flirtatiously fiddling with his belt buckle.
Rowena lets out a shrill, tittering little laugh.  “You mean to tell me those two buffoons finally removed their heads from their collective arses and now ones in mortal danger again?  Do you boys do this kind of thing on purpose or has someone cursed your willies with some powerful magick of their own?”  She clucks her tongue and picks up her book again, but levels Sam with a pitying look.  “You might want to get that sorted for yourself, Samuel.  Can’t be helpful in the romance department.”
Oftentimes they’d steal moments between meetings.  Spend lunches together in Dean’s corner office with the view where Dean would get down on his knees for him in his expensive tailored suit pants and suck him off fast and dirty.  That was until a couple of months ago.  They had privacy here in Dean’s bed that they didn’t have in passing trysts at the office.  A safe bubble where they could pretend what they had together was sacred.  No prying eyes.  No one to hear them.  And yet, Castiel was dead-set on extracting as many noises from Dean as he could swallow tonight.
This was their spot.
“Have it your way.”
Dean maneuvered himself around as gracefully as he could and rocked his hips back, thrusting his ass back towards the man.  Within seconds, the man’s hands found their way to the exposed skin of Dean’s thighs, groping and inching their way inwards.  “No touching,” Dean said, more firmly now, but the man didn’t remove his hands.  Instead, he dug his fingers into Dean’s thigh and snaked one around to try to dip into his gold booty shorts.  Dean yelped and grabbed at the man’s hands pulling them off himself and attempting to remove himself from the man’s lap altogether.
He was awkwardly standing in the middle of their room, wringing his hands and watching as Dean gelled up his hair for the hundredth time.  Apparently, Dean and friends were going out to the bar to forget about their upcoming tests before Thanksgiving break and normally Castiel would be holed up in their dorm room studying his ass off, but this time was different.  This time he felt like he had something to prove.
The silence was a tangible weight and Dean knew he phrased that all wrong, but Castiel was already processing it. He tilted his head, studying Dean’s reaction closely when he gently asked, “What about a boy?”
Dean’s throat feels tight and thick; it’s hard to swallow. His eyes start to burn alongside the blush that spreads out to his ears. “Cas,” he rasps, voice sounding hoarse even to his own ears, “What’s happening right now?”
Castiel blinked hard and really looked at them.  Brown eyes, brown hair.  He shook his head like an Etch-a-sketch when he realized the person supporting all of his weight wasn’t in fact Dean or any of his friends, but a virtual stranger.
“You know that's not her name.”  Her name was Mrs. Birdell and she just happened to be a little eccentric.  “That also doesn't explain why you're on top of me.”
Slinging his bag over his shoulder, he said his goodnights to Chuck and Jo and then he was out the door.  He made it perhaps twenty steps away before he pulled his phone out of his back pocket and contemplated over sending a text to Sammy to make sure he was steering clear of their father, but before he could register the phone still openly clasped in his hands, he froze at the sight of a boy staring out across the water.
Aaron stood in the middle of the bathroom, hands coated in dried, caked clay, looking between the door and Dean.  He was high too, but it didn’t seem to be affecting him much from what Dean could tell.
There was static and the subtle sounds of papers fluttering.  And then there was the crystal clear thump of a glass bottle hitting the formica table in their cramped kitchen and a soft slew of curses muttered off in the distance.  Whiskey, bottom shelf label.  Made for quantity not quality.
“What?”
When Cas doesn’t say anything to that and simply looks to the floor in some semblance of irritation and shame, Dean scoffs to himself. “That’s because I’m not his type,” he snaps before he can think better of it. He doesn’t know why that still bothers him, he just knows that whatever Cas’ type is is standing right in front of him sizing him up like he’s a slab of meat and Dean’s not exactly impressed to say the absolute least.
“No,” she reasserted, like she knew everything.
“No?”
The bell above the Gas’n’Sip door jingles as another customer walks in.  Jack is in charge of purchasing snacks per Sam’s request and he doesn’t want to mess it up, so he shifts his eyes away from the man with the wiry beard and beer gut and focuses his attention back to the nutrition label on the candy bar he’s clutching between his fingers.  A Three Musketeers bar chosen primarily for the nougat.  Sam told him he had to make good choices, but the longer he reads the ingredients the more he decides that what Sam doesn’t know won’t hurt him.
“It shows.”
“I’ve been having these... temptations,” he finally blurted.
He wasn’t sure what he thought being drunk would feel like, but he was unsteady on his feet and he really had to piss.  Instead he just closed his eyes and sat down at the closest available stool.
“Never gonna happen, Bradbury.”
At that, Dean rose from the chair to match Castiel’s height.  He crowded his long, lean body against his, reaching between them to unceremoniously palm at Castiel’s burgeoning erection through his navy suit pants.  Castiel stifled another low groan in his throat as Dean increased the pressure and began to grope insistently through the material.  Searching for a way to steady himself,  Castiel’s hands found their way to Dean’s sides, gripping onto the loose material of his leather jacket.
He collected all of Dean’s clothing around the room and added them to the hamper in the corner, still reeking of his day old puke.  His nose scrunched at the aroma and, reaching for the bag of quarters on his desk, he headed down to the basement level to set about doing Dean’s laundry for him.
Hesitantly, Cas enters the room and closes the door behind him.    His whole demeanor is different now than the overly confident, dominant Cas that Dean’s subconscious had dreamed up, but the similarities between that scenario and what's happening right now are too close for comfort.  The deja vu hits Dean like a ton of bricks, or like he swallowed a bag of butterflies.  Cas turns from the door to meet his eyes for what feels like first time tonight, and Dean’s mouth goes dry.  Wordlessly, Dean hooks a thumb towards the bathroom. “I'm just gonna--,” he stutters out.
“Cassie, darling, you're hedging the question.”
He’d thought plenty about reaching out to him over the last week, but it was never a good time and he had too much going on otherwise.  Either that, or he’d blank completely or something would come up, or he’d work himself up about it so much that he convinced himself that Castiel didn’t really want to hear from him anyway.  But maybe that wasn’t true.  Afterall, he’d left a phone number for something.  He was clearly on edge about something too.
Dean bit his lip at the feeling of Cas’ decisively soft lips working over his sack and his pointed nose brushing the base of his cock.  Weaving his fingers in that mess of dark hair, Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away as Cas licked, kissed, and sucked his way up his shaft.  Prolonging the eye contact, Cas pressed a wet, open-mouthed kiss to his tip before taking it into the heat of his mouth.  He hollowed out his cheeks and sucked him in long and hard and Dean couldn’t get enough of it.  His hips started shallowly thrusting into his mouth, almost hitting the back of Cas’ throat until he choked on it and then strong hands were forcefully pinning his hips in place.
Disbelieving, Dean scoffed.  “Bullshit. You’re lying.”
The person behind him let out a soft grunt as they sat themselves down on a higher step.  “Hey there, lonely girl,” the guy behind him greeted with a sigh.  His voice was tired and teasing, and just this side of sober, but Castiel didn’t get the joke.
He took the opportunity to change into his pajamas in the bedroom before he returned to the kitchen.  And alone here, he could smell it.  Smell Dean, his cum leaving traces on his skin.  With a paper towel, he attempted to wash his stomach from the way Dean rode him the second time around, but it struck him then he really didn’t want to get rid of it.  He didn’t really want to be here at all.  How soon was now, in actuality?
He made his way to the kitchen, cat inerrantly on his heels, as he cracked open a can of ‘Tuna Feast’.  The smell did nothing to help the nausea.
Raising a fist to the old woman’s door, he knocked five times in rapid succession and waited.
It wasn’t as if it were really a lie.  It was creeping closer to that time of year and Sam had been texting him more frequently than he usually did about their father’s drunken predicament.  About how every year, around this time, his usual excessive drinking habits were put to shame and he spent most of his time drunkenly stumbling around the house like the walking dead.
“It’s Sam.” He gave a small wave, but didn’t step any closer, instead he eyed Castiel just as warily as the old woman on the train.  “Nice to meet you.”
,” Cas urges.
The topic worked to distract him for the better part of his shift, but as the night grew longer, these texts inevitably became more drunken nonsense than real conversation and increasingly more adamant about reminding him how much he was missing out on, despite Dean’s insistence that beer pong wasn’t even that fun.  Eventually, however, they stopped coming in altogether.
“Not judgin’, just sayin’,” he laughed it off, holding his hands up in surrender as he slipped past her into her dorm room.
“We’re at the end of the hall,” replies Jack.  When Sam sees the sight of Cas he stops in the doorway.  “He’s attempting to wake her up by entering her thoughts.  We tried everything else we could think of,” explains Jack.  Sam nods his acknowledgment and edges his way into the room, grimacing at the smell of decomposition surrounding them.  “We found the missing couple,” adds Jack, gesturing towards the window on the other side of the room.
Dean snorts. “S’not what I meant and you know it,” he says with an added eye roll.
Cas swallows down the reason.
“Are you two still friends?”
“Not the point.  But, maybe Dean’s right!”
“Probably.”  He got to his feet, extending a hand down to Castiel.  Castiel clasped it, hauling himself back up.  “Let's get you home, Cassie.”
It all seemed like a terrible accident at first.  A mistake, much like playing with fire.  Something they should avoid in the future as if it never happened.
He drops his key off at the front desk and they make their way towards the Impala across the parking lot, tossing their bags in the trunk when they get there.  Sam holds his palm open as Dean maneuvers the bags around to fit in the trunk in like a game of tetris.  He looks up at Sam’s waiting hands.
“Sammy, you’re thinking too much again.  It ain’t that complicated.  The bad shit is dead, we saved somebody, I lived.  Now to me, that calls for some well-earned R&R.  Let the sheriff's department handle the rest.”
Searching for a loophole, Castiel asked, “What would killing Dean accomplish that killing me wouldn’t?”
Halfway through, Dean was being pestered by the nuisance seated to his left and it took most of his will power not to march across the front of the room and drag him away by his ear or something equally ridiculous.  He couldn’t hear what was being exchanged between them over his own incessant droning, but Aaron looked pathetically desperate.  Though in regards to Dean, Castiel figured he wasn’t much better off.
“No, Sam, if it were the same they would just call it a cheeseburger.”
Dean collected his flask and grabbed the phone that fell out his back pocket before facing her again.  He heard Victor and Benny muttering behind his back, something like “just fuckin’, my ass” and he had to roll his eyes at that.  But it occurred to him then that maybe he was wrong about this arrangement afterall.
The apartment was freezing as Dean led Castiel into the bathroom, wincing with every step.  He attempted to tidy up the clothes he’d shucked off earlier into the hamper before Castiel saw, and then he reached around the shower curtain to turn the gauges.  They stripped while the water sputtered to heat up again and Castiel perched himself against the doorframe as Dean crouched to search under the sink.
“My name is Castiel.”
Like a quiet confession, he said, “I have dreams about you, Dean.”
Turning in Cas’ arms, Dean faced him, placing a dollop of foam on the tip of his nose and he gave a cheeky grin at the subsequent cross-eyed scowl on Cas’ face. But it cleared as quickly as it came, replaced instead with that same soft, lingering look that seemed to follow them in from the car.  The sight left Dean feeling cracked open like one of the bodies from the morgue.
“My hand doesn’t count,” Castiel parroted, voice dripping in sarcasm.
“Castiel is right! I was a Zygote less than a year ago,” asserts Jack, proudly.
Castiel furrowed his brow and regarded Sam’s haunted expression carefully.  “What happened?”
A house in the middle of nowhere just like he’d always imagined for himself on those nights he dared to indulge himself at all.  A small place, a picket fence maybe, hell even the dog managed to sneak its way into the fantasy.  He didn’t allow himself to think beyond that.  Couldn’t really.  Not when the one thing he wanted was the one thing Jack didn’t bring back.  Paradise on earth was bound to have its flaws too, he figured.  Though, just as he pulled into the driveway that old, familiar feeling of not-quite-right hit him like a ton of bricks.  There in front of the garage, illuminated by the beams of his headlights, stood a naked man looking up at the night sky.
“I know what coffee is,” he stresses, “I just forgot.”
“I wouldn’t worry too much about it, I still don’t know what you’re talking about half the time regardless.”
So, he sat and he waited.
He gulped in a sharp, ragged breath the second Dean relented.
The boy let out a soft snort.  “What, you tellin’ me you never done anything that wasn’t good for you?”
Castiel pulled back, face almost puzzling, like he’d actually forgotten he was still fully clothed.  “Right, fuck.”  Reluctantly, he dragged himself away.
“Oh, is this what we’re doing now?  In the middle of the goddamn street?”  He asked, avoiding the statement.  “No,” lied Balthazar, after what felt like an eternity.  “I’m not jealous.  I just think that your… obsession is bordering on unhealthy, Cas.  And it would be a real shame if the only time you end up getting fucked is by your own hand just because you couldn’t keep it in your pants like the bloody rest of the world!”  He spoke with barely abstained venom.
It seemed Castiel’s initial assessment of playboy wasn’t so far off because many of Dean’s conversations orbited the topic of sexual congress like it was something new and elusive and not the oldest act on the planet.  Whatever his fascination with the topic was, Castiel found it tiresome.
“Yeah, well that makes one of us,” he muttered under his breath, swinging the door open.  In his haste to escape, he came crashing into a solid body waiting just on the other side of the door and the air rushed out of his lungs not for the first time this afternoon.
Valentine’s Day was important to humans, that much he’d come to understand from all his time spent watching humanity, but for the life of him, Cas couldn’t figure out why.  The Roman’s celebrating Lupercalia he got, despite the blood and ritual animal sacrifice, but he failed to connect the dots between the concept of romance and the brutal beheading of a Roman Catholic Saint.  Perhaps it was because, until now, Cas had just been single for all the others, but he and Dean were together now.  Properly.  And Dean deserved that much, at least.
When they pulled into the driveway, Castiel instinctively reached for his wallet, but Dean had been waiting by the front door on bated breath and he jogged over to greet the driver, money already in hand.
Castiel reaches out to him then.  In the candlelight, his sharp features are striking.  The intense blue of his eyes is unnerving against his billowed blouse; the strong musculature of his lean body densely caked in drying blood.  He tugs on the leather cord around his neck and dangles the bauble on the end in the glow.
Castiel
Restlessly, Dean scrubbed his hands through his hair and stood.  “Want a beer or anything?”
“Cas, I— I don’t deserve this grade and you know it.”
Pulling the door open, he greeted Bobby with one hand outstretched for a firm shake.  “Coach Singer.”  Bobby was wearing his usual worn out ball cap, which only served to make Dean feel even more ridiculous, and his right hand was occupied.
They pulled up the gravel driveway of Bobby Singer’s farmhouse just before 3 in the afternoon.  The sun was hanging off to the west and the squabbling of chickens clearing the driveway were the first things Castiel noticed.  All in all, it was a typical afternoon at the quaint home, from what he’d seen of it, despite what he knew was lurking within.
Castiel let go like his hand had been burned, but he was still staring at the side of Dean’s face.  His throat bobbed as he swallowed.  “Are you alright?”
Balthazar had every reason to come to that conclusion, yet Castiel still felt like he was just punched in the stomach.  He wanted to hit rewind and suck all those words back into himself because he didn’t mean it.  Not really, he tried convincing himself again.
Dean tried to follow.  “Uh, once, when I was in high school...  Why?”
“You made the bed too,” Dean echoed distantly.
Now he lay here in the ground, for not even he knows how long, and sometimes if he quiets the darkness in his mind he can still hear Dean’s voice echoing off four corners, six sides, digging through eight feet of impacted earth, and cracking open one layer of impenetrable iron, waiting for the day he can finally see the light.
,” Dean begged with a whimper as Castiel took him down the back of his throat once more.
“Dean…”  Castiel wracked his brain trying to formulate a coherent thought.  “Dean’s my roommate,” he shouted back to the guy over the loud music.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek and lowered his head to hide the blush blooming across his freckled nose.  He swallowed dryly and willed himself to remain calm, cool, and collected as he peeled out of his pants to follow suit.
She managed to catch his attention as he looked up from the podium and he inclined his chin in silent question.
Idly counting the stars through the trees, he sighed heavily to himself at what a gigantic mess of a human being he’d turned out to be.  “Are we finished here?”
“Indirectly.”
Pulling away after a long minute, voice slightly rough and breathless, he wiped the saliva from his lips on the back of his sleeve.  “So, where are we going?”
Sam huffed over the line.  “Thanksgiving,” he said.  “Right.”
“What do you want?”
Balthazar raised his hands, but answered anyway.  “No, it’s nothing.  I simply wanted to say I had a wonderful time with you as usual, all things considered.”
“Um,” he began, but he couldn’t will his mouth to move.  Why was this part harder than getting naked for strangers?
Balthazar rolled his eyes as he crossed the room to plant his hands on Castiel’s shoulders.  “It never killed anyone to have a little fun, Cas.”
“What?  Why?”
Castiel soothed his sweating palms against the damp denim stuck to his thighs.  He breathed a worn out sigh as the time ticked on and dragged the night that much further.  Undoubtedly, he’d fucked up, and if nothing else, this right here was only fucking up more, but it felt right, and Castiel was only acting on impulse.  He wasn’t going to change his mind now.
He seemed to consider it a moment.  Balthazar never liked to admit to aging.  “Yes, well, I have an incredibly lush evening planned for us tonight!  Why aren't you excited?”  Balthazar was exuding excitement enough for the both of them or he was riding some sort of stimulant high.  The scales seemed fairly balanced on either side.
Cas stands straight, smoothing out his untamed bedhead, and clears his throat.  “Good morning, Dean,” he says with a predatory smile of his own.  He’s in his boxers this morning and only his boxers, and from the looks of it, he’s gearing up for round two as he makes his way over to Dean.  When he reaches him, he hesitantly loops his arms around Dean’s waist and leans in for a surprisingly deft good morning kiss.  It leaves Dean feeling a bit weak in the knees, if he’s being honest.  The situation in his white boxers isn’t helping.
Dean feels a hot tear slide down his cheek. The salt settles in the crease of his lip where it quivers between his teeth. “Cas—”
When they got to the bedroom door, Dean stumbled his way into the cramped space and deposited Castiel onto the bed in a wet heap.  Straightening out, he faltered at the sight of the glow in the dark stars still stuck to the ceiling.  He remembered when Castiel had gotten them, remembered helping him stick them up there.  There were the same collection of books and school trophies on the bookshelf too.  But instead of those old nerdy posters Dean remembered, there were heavy metal bands and other darker things he didn’t recognize. It was so overwhelmingly familiar and so achingly different at the same time that Dean found himself at a loss.
“Yes, Dean?” he calls back from the other room.
“Yeah, yeah, okay Huggy Bear,” Dean mutters, but he’s leaning into the touch, silently reveling in it.
A fuzzy carpet.
After a handful of minutes, Castiel decided with a huff to leave too.  He forcefully shoved his belongings into his messenger bag again and shrugged on his trenchcoat, heading out the basement exit, and walked down to the bus stop, waiting as it started to rain.  He cleared his mind and thought of what he wanted for dinner, remembering he had leftovers in the refrigerator he should really eat, when then the bus pulled up to the curb and Castiel boarded.  Taking the seat towards the middle against the window, he watched the people on the sidewalks blur as they got moving.
Castiel looked to the spot his bike should have been.  “Well, it appears your friends have stolen mine.”
Sam doubles over, panting in harsh, short bursts, as he clutches at his side where he managed to get stuck by a blade. “It's okay, Jack,” he wheezes, fighting away a grimace, “We’ll get him back.” He stumbles over to the cheap, paneled wall of the office and slides down next to Jack, his own blood trickling over his sticky fingers.
“He was just like this when he got here,” someone said from behind him.
“Fighting what?”  He was pulling it out of him like teeth.
Maybe that made him a bad person, he supposed, but he didn’t feel like a bad person either.
He picked up his paper straw wrapper and awkwardly fiddled with it in one hand.  “Sorry,” he huffed as Dean watched his twitching fingers.
“What do you care about God?”  Dean choked back another laugh as Castiel glowered at him over the bible.  “What makes you think he’s even paying attention?”
Sam, Jack, and Cas all show themselves into room 3.  The tacky diamond wallpaper is peeling by the lightswitch as Sam flips it on.  If everything was yellowed in the daylight, one can only imagine how it looks by lamp light.  Once they’ve all had a moment to collect themselves, Sam tells Jack it would be best if he took the first shower.  He needs more rest then Sam because he’s still growing.  Maybe.  Depending on how that whole thing works.  Jack accepts the reasoning at face value, gathers a change of clothes out of his duffle, and closes the bathroom door behind him.
When his eyes found him, Damien smiled.  “Was hopin’ you'd end up here.”  His voice was like aged whiskey, but somehow he still sounded young.  Barely a man himself with the confidence of ten.
Dean huffed a wet laugh, the corner of his mouth tugging up minutely.  “God, y’know what’s funny about you, Cas?”
Cas looks… like something crawled up his ass and died there actually, but his attention is purposely directed at the early morning news broadcast instead of at Dean.  Something about the case.  The sheriff getting Sam’s tip off about the bodies.  Some badly delivered one liner in poor taste by the douchey news anchor man.  It's hard to hear through the occasional bouts of static, but it sounds like their work here is done at least.
