He coated Sherlock’s chest with his release, mixing with Sherlock’s own from minutes before, and the waves of pleasure rolling over him caused him to gasp and close his eyes briefly, missing the hungry expression on Sherlock's face as he watched John take his pleasure.
They sat in silence before the fire for a few minutes, Sherlock tending his wounds with Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade looking on.
Sherlock gulped and nodded, looking back into John’s pale eyes with a tentative nod, and John reached to put more lube on his cock, then pushed slowly, torturously slow, until he was around six inches into his detective and just over halfway.
Thinking briefly for a moment, Sherlock’s mind lit up with a solution to his problem, and despite the embarrassed heat it brought to his normally pale cheeks, he decided to give it a try. Sherlock opened his laptop file and printed out the details for his first sexuality experiment.
“Sherlock, calm down would you. I want to talk-“ John holds up a hand against the detective’s huff- “we have things we need to say to one another, I think, and it is far past time we should be saying them.” John rambled, clearing his throat and looking up at Sherlock, who was watching him with a cloaked expression and guarded eyes.
“Your submission is a gift, Sherlock, do not doubt it,” John instructed, continuing to pet Sherlock’s curls, “you, a man who kneels to no one, kneels for me.”
Lestrade looked between the two of them with wide eyes, watching the tender, blushing expression on Sherlock's face with complete confusion, but John caught his gaze and shook his head firmly. Not yet, Sherlock wasn’t ready for it to be acknowledged.
So many words unsaid. So many repressed feelings that are now bubbling to the surface in this missed domesticity, brewing tea and looking at this brilliant, ridiculous, beautiful man. Shaking his head, John knew it is time to stop denying the truth. As a traditional British man, he resolved to solve his problem using the ultimate weapon: tea.
He wiggled gently, settling back down to laze about some more, wondering where John had gone off to but deciding sleep was more imperative.
John sat in his armchair in the library, trying to read and failing, thinking back to his first night with Sherlock. It had been, in a word, fantastic. John marveled at the trust Sherlock was placing in him, and just
. What do you call the man who controls your pleasure, your body, your heart?” John growled, and finally,
,” Sherlock breathed out as John began slow, teasing thrusts, working himself back up to another release while still denying Sherlock his pleasure.
John truly was a golden prince, his hair and skin glowing in the sunlight streaming through the library windows, his short strands standing up slightly to appear as if a halo was around his head, making his smiling features even more angelic.
Sherlock heard a soft whirring behind him, and took in a shaky breath, trying to see the words on the page through his lust-filled gaze.
Sherlock’s slender frame shook, the nerve endings around his rim being stimulated as John teasingly rotated the thermometer, pretending to ensure he would receive a proper reading all the while relishing Sherlock’s jolts every time John grazed his enflamed prostate, rocking himself down on the pillow and caught in an endless wave of torture.
Apparently, though, his expression was not enough. Seeing the alarm on Sherlock’s face remaining, he began to climb up the dark grey walls and the slanted rooftop back up to the balcony, hardly able to believe Sherlock was standing there, looking at him.
Standing up, and without giving himself a moment longer to think, Sherlock untied his dressing down and let the silky fabric slide down his arms, pooling at the floor around his feet.
The blue jacket was rather nice, he would internally admit, and the trousers were fit and clean for once. The shirt was cut in a low V, showing off his muscular chest, and he was hoping that Sherlock could find him even a little bit appealing.
A creak sounded behind him, and Siger whipped around, his heart racing as he peered at a huge man standing hunched in the shadows. As the man drew closer, Siger realized he was not a man at all. He was covered in fur, and he had horns upon his head and claws on his hands and feet. He stood at least twenty hands high, and his face, if it could even be described in such terms, was twisted in rage, his blue eyes flashing in discontentment.
John held onto Sherlock tightly, cherishing the sensations of holding the vulnerable yet unbelievably strong beauty in his arms. He never wanted to let him go.
With that, and feeling a bit bold, John lifted Sherlock’s hand to his mouth for a tickling kiss, as he had been taught when he was a prince, and Sherlock watched with a facial expression of alarm, as if recalling a bad dream.
The girl who was equally as illusive as her marble counterpart, but unlike the hardened and unfeeling statue, the princess was quickly growing flushed under John’s attentions.
Remembering his dream, Sherlock suppressed a shiver at the coldness that had seeped into his bones from the darkness of Moriarty’s eyes at the pool, threatening John and, by extension, him. The bomb, the water, the cold.
After a moment longer, John looked up to see Sherlock panting harshly into the cushions where his face was hidden, his erection short and slender against John’s thigh.
Time for one final blow: “my little slut, how I adore your lips around my cock. I’m going to use you as my little cockwarmer from now on, and you’ll love it because you’re
to you,” John growled, lifting Sherlock by his bum about six inches up on his cock and allowing gravity to pull him back down, watching where they were joined as Sherlock’s stretched pink pucker devoured John’s flushed cock once again.
“I will teach you what happens to those who would trespass or STEAL FROM ME!” The creature shouted with a thundering roar, and Siger tried to loosen his cloak to stop choking, but the creature snatched him up by the throat in the next instant, his huge paws encircling his neck, and then everything was black.
“Yes, well I was. No longer, now I am this…. Creature” The beast trailed off, his mind seeming to wander far away from this room and time, but Sherlock was desperate to make the most of this conversation.
“Tomorrow night Siger, if your son is not back, you’re going to the loony bin, and there is nothing that you or your clever Mycroft can do about it. The whole town heard your proclamation about the so called ‘beast’ in the woods, and you know they will support whatever I say,” Moriarty threatened with a cackle of glee.
John scanned Sherlock’s nude body hungrily, licking his lips in want, “so is this the new normal then?” He asked, watching Sherlock whip around to face him and running his eyes up and down his bare chest and his bits.
“John, you’re not really going to show those to anyone, are you?” Sherlock asked nervously, having deduced John’s silence and slight movements as him taking a picture, despite being in the corner and unable to see.
With that parting slot, he turned back to face to crowd, lifting up a pitchfork and a torch, “let’s go kill the beast! All men, on your horses, take up your weapons and follow me!” Moriarty announced, and the men cheered, ignoring Sherlock’s cries as they headed the way Sherlock had come only hours before.
John smirked in response, refusing to give his little lover the upper hand, “of course, darling, but for now, follow me.”
Sherlock, pausing momentarily to catalogue his brother's face when smiling, ran towards them, throwing his arms around his papa with a laugh, "Papa! You're alright," Sherlock exclaimed. He held his father close, relief flooding his body.
Distantly, he heard John greeting Lestrade at the door, asking if he wanted a beer in a calm, normal tone, and Sherlock felt his control begin to slip.
The beast watched him grieve, his face expressionless except for the flicker of unease that passed over it for an instant.
John sighed, leaning back and throwing his arms over the sides of the tub, closing his eyes in blissful satisfaction as his muscles relaxed.
The seams were perfectly sewn on the white and pink thong, and after his confusion and realization in the store of how the garment was suppose to fit, Sherlock was intrigued.
“Well, none of this would have happened if you hadn't run away,” John announced wanting to claim the upper hand, but Sherlock only glowered at him.
“Or, does it turn you on? You’re being awfully loud,” John finished by closing her lips around Sherlock’s clit and sucking hard, hands stroking her hipbones, and Sherlock began to gush, moaning John’s name through her orgasm like a prayer with John happily licking and kissing Sherlock’s lower lips through the spasms, holding her hips down, pressing Sherlock to John's lips until the orgasm was fully over, placing on last peck on the shining dark curls.
“Come on Sherlock,” John said after a moment, breathing to get himself back under control but still smiling slightly, holding out his hand for Sherlock to take, and they left the bedchamber hand in hand, the glow of the newly re-born rose shining in their wake.
“I don't have friends,” Sherlock sneered, pushing open the ornate door and slamming it on John’s concerned expression.
“Yes! But are you sure it is a request this time, not a demand?” Sherlock asked innocently. The beast opened his mouth to respond, but saw Sherlock’s eyes sparkling with mischief, and he sighed.
The doctor smiled and pushed down the fluffy curls with a hand, placing a few little kisses there along the way, and nudged his detective with his leg.
“Protect this castle!” Mrs. Hudson demanded, and the objects clanked, tinkered, and hopped their assent.
“You’re without a doubt the oddest girl I’ve ever known, your highness. Try to keep the body parts, animal and otherwise, out of your bedroom and in your lab where they belong,” Molly tsked disapprovingly, turning around the leave without another word about it.
Out in the living room, John listened half-heartedly to Lestrade explain the latest case down at the yard, when he heard a muffled gasp echo from the hallway. Lestrade cut himself off with a questioning look, "what was that?"
Ignoring the people murmuring around them, Sherlock turned to John with a small smirk, “well, John, how does it feel to be officially out of the closet?”
Sherlock felt heat biting at his cheeks as he turned around, glancing at his plush backside in the underwear with a slight grin.
“You two are going to sleep, after everything that has happened, you’re both exhausted!” She whispered, seeming at her wit's end with the two boys in bed, but watching the little one with a fond expression on her face. Lestrade walked behind her and winked, ignoring Sherlock’s glare as he slipped out the open door.
Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade were glad that Sherlock and John weren't hurt overly much, and when Molly brought Rosie into Sherlock's room to see him while he rested his hurt ankle, she clattered and clanked up to Sherlock and demanded he not leave her again. Sherlock giggled at the imperious little girl's command, but nodded his head with a mock-serious expression, until Rosie was content with his promise to stay.
And it was frightening, but Sherlock couldn’t focus on that now, couldn’t focus at all, not with pulsing sensations running up his spine with every smack to his pucker.
“Well?” John asked, and Sherlock braced himself, looking up and seeing John standing in parade rest, ever the solider in uniform. The golden buttons were shining, having been freshly cleaned, and every line in the black suit was crisp.
“How do you know that you want me sexually, love?” John asked, half-serious and half-teasing, and Sherlock delivered the reaction he had craved, curling in on himself and gasping out a mortified,
“Really Sherlock?” John asked, and when Sherlock whipped his head around, John was holding his black box, looking at the contents inside with a smirk before looking back up and meeting Sherlock’s eyes, “under the bed? Can you be more of a teenage boy right now?”
?” John commanded, and Sherlock’s eyes rolled back at hearing the words ‘brilliant boy’ from John’s lips. It was embarrassing to be coddled, that was for sure, but at the same time Sherlock wanted to belong to John, and he wanted to be taken care of.
As Sherlock stalked into the ballroom, and her name was announced, she greedily took in the rush of deductions that entered her mind and ignored the smattering of applause.
“It is not your place to notice such things,” Sherlock sniffed in her haughty manner, fully expecting John to huff and go away, but the woman just cocked her head.
Finally pulling his sword free, Moriarty turned to the beast who was backing away from him, hands up in surrender. Moriarty kept him moving until he was outside, leaning with his back against the balcony.
Sherlock’s hand wrapping around his cock as he panted into John’s ear, his hands tracing John’s nipples with dexterous precision, Sherlock impaled on his cock, squirming on it and moaning unabashedly from the sensations while beginning to rock back and forth,
They sat that way for a moment in the sun warmed bedroom, their naked backs to one another. After everything else they had done together, this moment shouldn’t feel that much more momentous.
“Use your words, love, yes or no,” John insisted with a tender smile belaying his suggestive words, but Sherlock heeded his command regardless.
“It’s amazing,” Sherlock whispered, and John walked forward to stand beside him, taking his hand and kissing it like the prince he was, bowing slightly with a gleam of mischief in his blue eyes.
This was the first time in his life he was escaping from the narrow path of life he was set out on in order to be "normal." And he loved it, but it scared him.
Sherlock had never felt desire, even when faced with romantic interest thrown his way, but here, in this castle where everything was new and exciting, Sherlock realized that he had never felt so alive.
“Good morning, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock replied, his eyes till trained on John’s with a little smirk as he watched John flush slightly and grunt, standing up from his chair and going over to take the scones from Mrs. Hudson.
The beast roared, startling Sherlock into stumbling away from the rose, tripping over his feet and landing on his back. Sherlock stared at the beast, who was now standing over him, in horror.
Adrenaline was coursing through their veins as they entered 221B, trading kisses and shedding each other’s coats between giggles in unrepentant glee of a case cracked.
Damn, Sherlock sighed as he sat back down, drumming his fingers along his leg in agitation, John’s self-proclaimed heterosexuality was annoying at the best of times, correcting every person who even suggested they might be a couple, much to Sherlock’s hidden chagrin.
He was beginning to text his associate before remembering, John had work. He had expressly told Sherlock to stop bothering him while he was at the surgery, because they needed the money to pay bills.
A roar cut off Siger’s shaking apology from the creature, and Siger was suddenly lifted up by the back of his cloak and was dragged, choking, towards the doors of the imposing castle.
“John, you're one of the best soldier's I've ever known. You're ruthless and precise, a leader through and through. I know you've been approached by others for your skills, but you turn them away. Just come with me, John. I can’t bear the thought of you here alone,” Greg begged, and damn, he knew that John could never resist a man begging for her, while complimenting something other than her womanly figure.
He began to palm at his growing bulge with one hand, the other reaching up to continue stroking his stomach and nipples. John continued lazily pleasuring himself for a while, until his own desperation became too ravenous to ignore, and he bit his lips to stop the sounds from escaping, picturing Sherlock in his mind.
As Sherlock walked into the formal dining room, and saw hundreds of candle’s lighting the room with a soft, romantic glow, he flushed, realizing the implications of this particular dinner.
To lie there and accept a spanking passively he could attribute to the stressful day, but this, holding himself open for John’s ravenous gaze and wicked hand to punish him, it was confirming Sherlock’s complete trust in John.
“Don’t hide from me, my love,” John whispered, and Sherlock’s confusion only mounted when between one blink and another, John disappeared.
you’re right,” John agreed with a twinkle in her eyes, and Sherlock gulped at the playfully predatory look on John’s face, wondering what secrets hey cerulean eyes hid.
Five other men were standing safely at the entrance to the door, watching the insanity of the objects fighting, and turned to run, Moran followed, shouting “retreat.” The men mounted their horses to start back to Sussex, running away from the haunted palace.
“Well, I’ll leave you two. Sherlock, be polite to our guest,” he reminded lowly while Moriarty looked on with a small smile. Mycroft peeled Sherlock’s arm off of his with a confused look at Sherlock’s uncharacteristic clinginess.
Sherlock raged, “No, no, absolutely not! This is madness, Mrs. Hudson! It is one thing to be confined to my house arrest, and to dress and perform in public as a good, little princess, but I absolutely will not allow-“
John knew that it was his fault that Sherlock had run, he had clawed at him, roared his displeasure and given the young man the fright of his life, from the alarm gracing his delicate features and the speed at which he ran from John's rooms once he saw an opening.
Sherlock watched the shadows carefully as the inhuman creature seemed to think for a moment, “that is, unless you would be willing to take his place.”
Sherlock grasped John’s cloak, and pulled him forward, yelling out at the strain it caused his smaller body to hold onto the beast, and looked around wildly to see what had happened.
This was no longer an experiment, which had been an exercise in futility. The only person who could own, control, and calm Sherlock was John, and therefore he was the only option to take his virginity, and care for him in every way.
“John,” Sherlock whined, looking at the man who was still relaxing, nude, in the bed with twinkling eyes that spoke of dark promises.
When Sherlock looked up at John, she quickly turned her head away to preserve Sherlock’s ‘modesty,’ her cheeks slightly flushed from the princess' exposure. Sherlock rolled her eyes and, trying to ignore the pulsating heat gathering in her abdomen, she reached her arms up to rub the substance into her hair, ensuring to comb it through every curl.
outside of the army, but he was greeted by a flustered expression, a brilliant redness settling over Michael’s rounded cheeks, and John felt a wicked smile pulling at the edge of his mouth.
The sounds reverberated off the walls of their sitting room, and Sherlock prayed to a deity he didn’t believe in that John had at least locked the door. He wouldn't be able to within stand it if Mrs. Hudson or worse,
“Digestion slows down my transport and my deductions!” Sherlock whined, negating his point by shoveling a bit of porridge into his mouth in the same instant.
When he looked back, Sherlock was watching him with a gleam in his eyes that said John’s arousal had not gone unnoticed.
A waltz began to play once they were in the center, something bittersweet and played on a solo violin, and John looked adorably lost about what to do. Sherlock smiled reassuringly, and stepped up, placing one of John’s paws around his shoulder and one around his lean waist, allowing the beast to lead them through their dance, "one, two, three," Sherlock instructed softly, and the beast's eyes dipped to look at his plush lips. They continued their first dance, both feeling equal parts bashful and emboldened.
John gave a choked laugh, the laughter turning swiftly into a pained cough, his chest moving ever slower. Sherlock wiped his eyes once more, and watched as a tear trickled down John’s face and settled in his chestnut fur, glistening in the moonlight.
"You can, master, it is only one night, and it is a nice jacket," he argued back. John picked up the clothes and began quickly tugging them onto his enormous frame, and then walked over to the cracked mirror. Lestrade beamed at him, but John only scowled in the mirror, preferring himself to be in his usual torn trousers and cloak, rather than the constricting outfits that actually showed off his monster-like form.
And while John’s heart ached for the fearful tears and sobs echoing from his lover, he also realized that Sherlock now valued his own life.
“What are you up to, Sherlock?” John asked, watching Sherlock’s wide eyes and innocent expression with a growing look of confusion.
As the beast looked out the window, he saw the beginning of buds blossoming on the tree. In just a few weeks, the spell would be permanent. He sighed, thinking about his fate and the fate of Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, and Rosie-
John watched the adorable sight for a moment while Sherlock stood there in sullen silence, glaring at John all the while, but not making a move, waiting for John’s next command.
They laid there until the water began to grow tepid, and John nudged Sherlock to stand up, turning on the showerhead and quickly washing the lingering suds off of their bodies.
He rubbed the washcloth all over Sherlock's worn body, reaching down to wipe off his bits and then further, to his bum. With a little smile at the reddening detective, John rubbed gently around and inside of his entrance, just dipping inside to clean out his cum from Sherlock's aching body.
John stepped into the bath, and Sherlock watched as his muscled back and firm arse disappeared under the fluffy foam and the steam rising languorously out of their bath.
After a while, John came to the door, opening it and finding Sherlock lying on the bed on his stomach, scrolling through his phone lazily, completely nude; John licked his lips, wanting to go over and plunge himself in that tight arse that knew only his touch, his cock, but he held off.
“What’re you doing love?” John asked, clearly uninterested in the answer as he continued to kiss Sherlock neck, moving forward to lave at his ears lightly, sucking on his right earlobe and holding Sherlock by his thin hips, allowing him to feel John’s slight bulge. Sherlock sighed in response, rocking back slightly.
John stood up from her bowing position and listened as the untouchable princess thanked her (while stammering a touch) and mentioned her by rank. She smiled genuinely at the girl in response, nodding her head to thank the princess for the acknowledgment.
John sighed, “but it was the beginning of the war against the Valwald armies and I felt called to a life that was more than that. I had been secretly training since I was 15- I taught myself to hunt, fish, and wield a sword that I had stolen from my fiancé.” John laughed lowly, “I told my parents and my father screamed at me for hours, but my mother, she looked at me as if her dreams had been shattered and she didn't say a word. I left the next morning at dawn, and I haven’t seen or spoken to them in many years.”
After a moment, staring at the exhausted and sweet expression of his sleeping detective, John went over to the dresser, taking out a new pair of underwear and gently sliding down the ruined pair from Sherlock’s lithe body.
“You, you look amazing,” John stammered, staring at Sherlock who met his eyes in the mirror and glanced away, faking nonchalance but unable to stop the tips of his ears from heating.
“It wasn’t even that large of a brawl! I was in the right, you know. Those men were spewing nonsense about the feebleness of women and it was my duty to step in! This forced confinement is completely unacceptable and I wont stand for it,” Sherlock exclaimed, walking forward and slamming her hands down on the dressing table in indignation, her body slumping down and her curls tickling her neck.
John flushed beneath his fur at the question, and nodded slightly, seeing how Lestrade beamed at him and ushered his newly washed body out of the quickly cooling water.
As Moriarty swung his sword forward once more, the beast roared and knocked his paw forward, sending the sword flying through the air. It fell to the ground with a clang on the flattened rooftop below, forgotten.
" Sherlock's voiced cracked when an ice cube popped out and John's thumb quickly popped it back in, holding his thumb against his rim to ensure no more ice cubes escaped Sherlock's naughty rosebud. John watched as the water trickled out, settling around his cold fingers and leaked down onto the sheets. John flexed his fingers slightly, feeling the sting of the cold and imagining the sheer torment Sherlock was feeling, his inside bombarded by the sensation.
But Sherlock merely looked at his brother in silence, remembering his mother’s words: “you must have the courage to be kind.”
Sherlock jumped back, looking up into the icy blue eyes that had captivated his thoughts as of late.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but remembered that he did owe his brother a favor. Grabbing the tangle sheet from the bed, he wrapped it around himself while fighting down a blush when he recalled what had taken place in the bed only hours before.
“Shh, I know you have a heart John, and we’re friends now, aren’t we?” Sherlock asked quietly, biting his lip as if worried John would reject him, and John had to stifle a shocked laugh.
Sherlock nodded shyly, and John smirked, trailing her eyes up and down Sherlock's body in a way that made Sherlock feel equally loved and exposed in the same moment.
“Who do you belong to, Sherlock?” John asked, interrupting Sherlock’s shaking voice as he continued to thrust the thick vibrator lazily into Sherlock, ignoring Sherlock wriggling attempts to escape.
“So, with this looking glass, you saw our present troubles?” Sherlock sighed and nodded, looking down to his hands.
In seemingly a blink of an eye, the statue’s subject was standing (imperiously) before her, having silenced a room of men with only the hardness of her gaze and the click of her heels. John knew something about commanding a group of men, and her respect for the young woman rose.
Sherlock was in no way a quiet lover, his low moans and high cries echoing around the bedroom in a sweet symphony of erotic expectations, and John felt his purpling cock leaking at the sheer sounds alone.
Sherlock cleared his throat and continued, “and when I was awoken, I realized I knew his face. From the night in the beast’s chamber, there was a portrait of a man, a prince, but it was torn. Ripped to shred by some unhappy force. Claw marks, from the beast.” Sherlock continued, watching Mrs. Hudson’s china visage for any signs of recognition, and her eyes widened as he told his story.
Lestrade and Molly looked disbelieving at the thought of Sherlock not loving John, remembering the looks Sherlock always shot at John, always laughing when he was around with a besotted smile, but they stayed silent. It was too late.
Penniless and without his mother to guide him, Sherlock fell into despair, but he never lost hope that one day he would travel and see the world.
John turned back to face the window, looking out over the balcony and seeing the chilly spring breeze rustle the trees of the woods in the distance.
She woke Greg up with the sunrise, ignoring his grumbling as they torn down their camp and wrapped up their cots. Once they had packed up they set off, the journey was fairly simple. They arrived at the palace at mid-day with little fanfare, despite John's hammering heart. She had never wished to go to the palace, and now she was going to stand before the king and receive an assignment to travel to the ends of the realm to protect a King she had never met.
Sherlock wriggled and bit his lip, but allowed John to begin to finger him slowly, feeling comforted by the thick fingers gently roaming in and out of his arse.
John kept effusing endearments, and Sherlock flushed predictably, adoring the feeling of John member entering him inexorably, warming the chill lingering inside and cementing their bond to one another. Playing was always fun, but nothing could compare to John's touch, John's love,
And there was a quiet wisdom within her: a woman who had seen the world, the world Sherlock had never been permitted to experience.
And John was certainly up for the job. No one had changed him the way this ridiculous man had, and he stared at Sherlock lovingly for a moment longer, before turning away.
John’s breathing grew deeper, and Sherlock sucked harder, fitting as much of John’s cock in his mouth as he could and feeling the bitter shot of come trickle down his throat as John stroked his creamy neck.
, Sherlock thought desperately, swinging his arms wildly in front of the wolves, crying out as he attempted fend of the vicious animals, and letting out a startled shout that echoed all around him as one of the wolves tore at his pant legs, nicking the flesh of his ankle.
” John hissed as Sherlock continued to lave kisses up and down his cockhead, slowly moving down to his shaft.
John leaned down to inspect his work, and without warning, slide his saliva coated tongue inside Sherlock, which was rapidly becoming one of his favorite acts. Sherlock absolutely adored it, but he was so embarrassed, he never asked for the filthy act himself; but he craved it, and John delivered. He tasted so sweet, like his honey body wash and a sweet, slightly earthy scent that was purely Sherlock.
John opened the door, still wiping his hands with a washcloth and staring confusedly at the detective, “where are we going?”
Her life was about to change, and it was right around the corner. She could feel it thrumming in her veins.
While wiping off Sherlock's stomach, John heard a mumbled, "-ove you too." John smiled and teasingly asked, "what was that, love? That you just said?"
John watched it all from a distance, trying not to engage Sherlock, afraid that his temper would flair, but the longer John watched Sherlock, affection for the beautiful man grew in his chest.
Especially with Sherlock looking up at him, his cupid’s bow lips stretched around John’s cock in a heart shape, his eyes wide and willing to please with a rosy hue to his young, rounded cheeks.
of a heart well loved, trying to control his quaking breathing as his emotions rushed in turmoil within his body.
,” John cried out, clawing at his back as if to control his movements, but Sherlock was steadily pushing in and out,
” Smirking wickedly as he lowered his mouth, pulling the thin silk string away from Sherlock’s opening and breathing on the vulnerable hole, reveling in Sherlock’s helpless gasp and captivated in watching the entrance pulse and clench in nervousness. He lowered his head, kissing the hole briefly, so sweetly, before beginning to ravish the rosebud with affection, locking his lips around it and humming in pleasure, holding Sherlock’s hips up and smiling at his unending moans of pleasure mixed with absolute shock, his face heating at his own enjoyment of the unspeakably dirty act.
John truly did have innocent intentions when picking up the mirror, not wanting to pry but wanting to make sure his guest was still comfortable and safe. John had not seen him in two days, and when he spoke into the mirror and Sherlock’s image swam in front of his eyes, he saw the young man staring at Poseidon with a little grin, that smile fading however as a look of confusion crossed his features, a shiver raking through his lean frame and-
Never mind what else she wanted. She couldn't choose her destiny. She would have to wed at some point, and quickly. Marriage negotiations were already happening behind closed doors, and soon she would be sold off like a prized mare to help the kingdom's resources in these dire times.
The younger man seemed to shake himself out of his stupor after a moment more, glancing away from John to fiddle with his silverware and begin picking at the pasta on his plate, thinking deeply and crinkling his forehead in the process.
Without warning, John knelt forward and grabbed Sherlock’s manhood, swallowing the head down. Sherlock’s eyes flew open, his hips attempting to thrust up into the inviting warmth around his sensitive member.
, and beginning to kiss his lips, which were slightly open in surprise from the romantic gesture, with their clothes still on. Soft pecking kisses; they were slightly wet and slow as if it were their first time once again.
He had almost come twice since arriving at the crime scene, but was always able to control his transport at the last moment, channeling thoughts of John and his potential disappointment if Sherlock were to come without permission.
Sherlock’s attention was drawn back to the case as his Papa pulled out a beautiful umbrella, with an oaken curved handle and a beautiful design that seemed to be perfect for the rainy days they often experienced in the small town of Sussex. Mycroft looked delighted despite himself, forgetting his usual cold exterior in favor of examining his new gift.
John knew he didn’t want to overwhelm his lover with his, occasionally inexhaustible, libido; but now that John had taken Sherlock fully, well….
Sherlock imagined John seeing him in such a garment, which forced his arse out, making it appear even more plump with the forced curve of his back in the steel-boned garment, and he knew John would positively wreck him.
Sherlock’s vulnerable hole being plundered by his mouth was causing his primitive urges to rise, but he held them off, knowing he had to be gentle for his love, sucking rhythmically at the rim and ignoring Sherlock’s begging cries for more.
Sherlock realized, a warm feeling blooming in his chest as he ran forward to a shelf, pulling out a Chemistry book from that particular section and marveling at all the books he could now read.
His black curls, freshly washed and brushed, hung around his forehead in ringlets, and his smooth cheeks appeared flushed from the creams he had put on after the bath.
paint a pretty picture, as always, I think were going to have to see how well behaved you can be while we get home.”
Sherlock’s cheeks turned rosy, and he cursed his pale complexion as he turned to continue examining the body.
While she was thrilled by the idea, having touched herself many a night to the imagine of John whispering in her ear, filthy things she wished to do to her, Sherlock also knew that fantasies were nothing like reality.
“Why do you push me away?” John asked before Sherlock could escape into her bedroom, “Do you know what people say about you? The ice princess, rarely seen and never heard from.”
While waiting for a response, John felt oddly calm. Whether Sherlock dismissed his sentiments as unwanted, or expressed his love for the doctor, John is content that the secrets he had held for so long are gone, and he felt a weight off his heart at the realization that if he died tomorrow, Sherlock would know that was loved by John.
"Go to sleep, Sherlock, I can hear you thinking," John whispered into her ear, her lips touching Sherlock's earlobe once in a soft kiss before settling down, clutching Sherlock tighter against her soft, yet strong, body. After a few moments, Sherlock relaxed, breathing in John's scent and the feeling of security at having John's arms around her.
John watched Sherlock’s propped up bum squirm of its own volition for a moment longer, “next time, I think I’ll take a video, so then I can watch your sweet arse writhe for me whenever I like. Show it off to my coworkers, perhaps, that I have such a good, obedient boy.”
Despite how wonderfully everyone was getting on, John could not seem to rid Sherlock of his low self-esteem; his constant worry that he would somehow annoy or displease John in some way causing John heartache at how wrong he was.
“Shh, love, just let me give you a kiss,” He said innocently, reaching down to peck once, twice, a half a dozen times against Sherlock’s clenching pucker, and Sherlock thrust his hips back, wiggling his arse as much as he could in John’s hold.
, realizing that Sherlock had little to no gag reflex and he was able to fit just over half of his enormous cock into Sherlock’s pouting mouth.
“No, we need to go out and get suits,” Sherlock bristled, going to the wardrobe and dropping the sheet on the ground, pooling around his feet.
After an hour or so, Sherlock found a split in the road, and Philip began steering them to the more open, smoothly laid pathway on instinct. Sherlock stilled the horse and thought- if Philip was turning away from the more treacherous path on instinct, perhaps that is where his father is, and Philip was spooked away for some reason.
Sherlock walked into their bedchamber, taking a deep breath, and turning around to look at John for the first time since they began their ascent up to their bedroom.
John scowled at them and followed Sherlock out into the fall, and stepped up behind the boy, as close as he had ever dared.
purposefully and internally sighed in relief as the looks of confusion morphed into usual looks of distain and begrudging acceptance from Scotland Yard’s Finest. Sherlock Holmes was merely solving another case.
them, but he would never feel that way about Sherlock. Not after these past two years, with Sherlock being a bit not good a bit too often; the experiments in the kitchen, the lack of kindness Sherlock often displayed, and his basic lack of respect for John.
He was wearing women’s underwear that formed to his half-hard cock gloriously, John’s mouth watered at the erotic sight of Sherlock- standing there self-consciously, but looking like a Greek god with his lithe form, light muscled and alabaster, unmarked skin that spoke to his youth.
John stuck his tongue out immaturely in response to Sherlock teasing, “yes, how else will anyone know I’m bi? I needed all the colors, you prat,” John lightly reprimanded, fiddling with his cuffs once more before walking forward to grab Sherlock’s hand, which felt clammy in his own.
John watch this scene in complete amazement before releasing a chuckle and a fond eye roll at the ridiculousness of his detective, before going back out to clean up from their sensual date.
John was roused into waking from the stinging feeling coming from his left forearm. He tried to pull his arm away from the discomfort but someone was holding on, and would not let his arm free.
At these thoughts, John would shiver at the possibilities, and drift off to sleep, leaving the idea of
A sharp knock at the bathroom door sent her flailing up, pausing in confusion. The knock wasn’t familiar to her- Mrs. Hudson’s was brief and firm, her brother’s was loud and obnoxious, and Molly’s was timid. Who then was this…?
that had passed the man’s lips right before he kissed Sherlock's hand and the resulting arousal when he was awakened.
John watched for a minute longer before putting down his mirror and beginning to pace agitatedly through his destroyed chambers. It wasn't his fault that the little welp had offered himself in place of his father, it was
“Mate, you really don’t want to go up there,” Lestrade pleaded, and when Sherlock searched his silver face, he saw anxiousness written all over his silver features.
,” he roars with complete abandon, the walls echoing from his discontent, and Sherlock was terrified.
At that point, John leaned forward and parted Sherlock’s cheeks to reveal his pink entrance. Blowing gently on the quivering hole, his hands began massaging Sherlock’s bum slowly, savoring.
The position left nothing to the imagination, Sherlock’s bum resting high in the air and parted just enough to tease John with a view of his clenching hole lying just between the plush folds of his arse.
“Papa! Papa wait, please!” Sherlock begged, but the chair was already moving down the stairs, away from Sherlock, his father’s protests muffled by the chair's arm covering his mouth.
"How?" Sherlock sighed, her heart beating quickly as she motioned for the doorman to open the ornate entry to the chambers and to announce her arrival.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, I’m glad to finally be home,” John said, releasing her with a final squeeze and looked mischievously at Sherlock, beginning to run towards the bed, ignoring Sherlock’s dramatic cries of, “John, don’t you dare!
Sherlock followed tentatively behind, not entirely sure what to make of John’s uncharacteristic silence. He followed John up the steps to 221B and walked to stand in the center of the living room, watching as John peered out the window, his back military straight and tensing his shoulders. His blonde-silver hair shone lightly in the dimming daylight, and Sherlock asserted no man had ever looked as handsome as John Watson.
Sherlock made to get up, practically bouncing with excitement that he normally reserved for a particularly interesting double-homicide, until he was reminded of one little detail.
” John’s few words would cause a torrential amount of guilt on Sherlock’s part, and the two men would be down heartened to know their game was cut short.
“Clear, like your mind is focused and relaxed at the same time, I know,” John said with a smile evident in his voice, and Sherlock turned around slightly to gaze at John in confusion.
He brushed through his curls on the way to his bedroom, looking at the lingerie lying on the bed with a feeling of trepidation running up his spine.
"Goodbye bee" Siger responded softly once he was seated on horseback, stroking Sherlock's hair once more before spurring the family's horse, Philip, into movement down the dirt pathway and through the gate. Sherlock ignored the sense of foreboding and went back inside to his tea and chapter on collecting honey.
Suddenly, a sharp pain erupted in his side, and John released a pained roar, losing his grip on the balcony and beginning to tip backwards.
Sherlock was shaken from his dark thoughts by a large, warm hand against his shoulder and turned to see two warm, blue eyes staring drowsily at him.
Sherlock got up in a huff and whirl of her dressing gown, stomping to the kitchen, ignoring John for a moment in favor of looking more closely at the flowers. Picking them up, Sherlock deduced they were deep purple roses, lilacs, and baby’s breath, all difficult to find during the winter months in London. So, someone special then, not just a passing fling.
Later on in the morning, just when the room was beginning to take on a golden hue from the sunshine outside, Sherlock and John were woken from their dozing by Sherlock’s text alert noise. Groaning, Sherlock rolled out of bed and stormed, naked, over to his dresser to pick up the infernal device.
“Unzip my pants, and take me out,” John instructed with a growl, and Sherlock gently unzipped the fabric, cognizant of John’s erection, and gently pulled out the impressive length from its confines. Sherlock felt saliva pooling in his mouth at the sight of the reddening member, and leaned forward to kiss lightly at the tip where precum was gathering.
That certainly received a pleasent reaction, as Sherlock’s face twisted in pleasure, his plump pink lip caught between his teeth as he tried to control his emphatic moans and failed spectacularly.
“Introducing her royal highness, Princess Sherlock of Fairlyn,” he boomed. Sherlock took and breath and set her expression. She stepped into the chambers and the noisy room quieted as the elusive princess strode into the room, a cold look marring her beautiful features.
John was by no means a prude- she had bedded men and women across Fairlyn of all rank and station. She had the reputation to prove it. While the reminders of her old days in the army made her feel prideful and a little smug, she had never met a single person who intrigued and excited her like the secluded princess: the mere sight of her infatuated John.
John drew Sherlock tongue into his mouth and gave a gentle suck, and Sherlock felt the resulting throb all the way down to his toes, causing them to curl in pleasure.
But 221B was still a hotbed for activity on a daily basis, between cases and the sheer insanity of their lives together, the idleness of ordinary life fell beyond the bleached bricks of their chaotic flat.
John reached over to grab a condom, rolling it on his pulsing cock while Sherlock was distracted by his fingers and observing the adorable man with a look of awe.
“Not my division,” Lestrade grumped, sounding in a far worse mood now than before, given the new line of questioning.
John was going to utterly unwind him, leave him helpless against the onslaught of sexual pleasure. When Sherlock began his virginity experiment that was all it had been, an experiment.
Until all there was left was the destitute ridden members of Iris, a once proud city, brought low by the failure of its protectors and the contemptible Valwald soldiers.
He pounced back on top of John once he was unclothed, used to his nudity around John now but still somewhat self conscious, and began to suck at the spot beneath John’s ear that never ceased to make him groan.
The person he shared his life with, who he yelled at the clean the toxin ridden kitchen table and who he watched Bond marathons with on the telly while Sherlock complained about the inaccuracy of the depicted MI6. The person he looked forward to seeing the most everyday, even when the detective drove him up with wall when in a sulk. John’s nightmares had begun the wane considerably due to the days and nights spent with his best friend, the man who had saved him from the tedium of civilian life almost a year ago.
"What have I taught you about stating the obvious, little brother?" Mycroft said in his usual condescending tone, but it was lacking with the warmth in his eyes as he stared at Sherlock.
John merely pulled his phone from his pocket and swiftly took a picture of his punished detective, his glowing arse facing the room and his mussed curls looking absolutely delicious. There was still a sheen of saliva where John had been sucking and prodding at his hole just moments before. John looked down at the picture on his phone with a smile and added it to his file of Sherlock pictures, smirking in delight at the adorable nature of his freshly spanked and reprimanded detective.
“J-John,” Sherlock gasped out, looking over to him with an incredulous expression on his face, his eyes still sleepy and blissed out, his body still quaking from achieving two orgasms within minutes of each other.
And when Sherlock would run to her big brother for comfort (as she used to do, once upon a time), Mycroft would try to comfort his little sister with his ironclad reasoning: “The noble children are unworthy our time, Sherlock. We are leaders of a nation, with the resources and intelligence to secure our reign, and they are the offshoots of nobility with no particular intelligence or positive characteristics to lend to the nation. They’re goldfish.”
Sherlock stopped playing with the fork for a moment, tentatively looking up to meet John’s eyes with a little grin, “you’re beautiful too John…. And if one of us is adorable, it’s you. You’re smaller” Sherlock decided in his posh accent, emphasizing the words ridiculously to make John laugh.
Sherlock was quickly becoming an expert, and John found it difficult to stifle his moans. But Sherlock had been a good boy, and deserved praise, and so he soldiered on.
There are nights when John stares longingly at the Scotch bottle on the top of the fridge, craving to take the edge off the memories with his deceitful wife, until Sherlock will draw him into the bedroom with promises of an “experiment.”
He knew that nothing would stop them, remembering his many conquests as a young army man and the joy he once took in battles.
, don’t cry darling,” John cooed, lifting the languid detective from his place lying prone across his lap and tucking his lithe body under his chin, allowing the sniveling detective to settle as he cradled Sherlock against his body.
“Fine, apology accepted, fealty accepted, all of it. Now, leave me be,” Sherlock dismissed John with the wave of her hand, closing her eyes and leaning back so her neck rested on the edge of the tub.
In a final act of desperation, with tears of overstimulation glistening in his eyes, Sherlock pleaded, “please,
A few drops escaped out of the side of his pink lip, however, and he continued to stroke John through his orgasm, John’s released dripping lightly from his mouth.
Sherlock sighed, thinking back to his disastrous reappearance at the restaurant and his utter dejection seeing his replacement in John’s life, “but life has to move forward, and I accepted that Mary was that for you and I was a member of your past.”
Sherlock stood up after a moment on wobbly legs, righting himself and following John into the bathroom. Sherlock watched as John started the water to the bathtub, and then ruffled around the bathroom cupboard for a moment.
Sherlock would giggle at her older brother’s description of normal children and would run off alone to play with the earthworms in the garden.
Sherlock stroked up and down John’s thighs, giving a small squeeze of encouragement, before gently grabbing John’s cock and swallowing it down, using the skills he had gained over their month together to drive John absolutely wild. Suck, lick at the head, trail kisses down the side, and listen for John’s moans.
Their song began to play as they stepped onto the dance floor, and the two men glanced over to see Mrs. Hudson instructing the band to begin playing their song.
The Prince was victorious on the battlefront, leading his men with skill and strategy beyond his years,
Mrs. Hudson squinted her eyes disbelievingly but shrugged her shoulders, heading back to the wardrobe while Sherlock frantically formulated reasons to leave and be alone- and get that feeling back, whatever it was…
“I’ll need your statements tomorrow, come by the station after ten in the morning. You two get some rest. Especially you Sherlock,” Lestrade said softly, as if to not further distress the detective, and Sherlock nodded in response.
Blinking away the slight stinging in his eyes at his good fortune, John teasingly reprimanded Sherlock, "you two shouldn't be allowed to sit together, sometimes I feel like I have two children instead of one."
, Sherlock lost all sense, his lithe body fighting half-heartedly to escape John, trying to remove his hands from John’s grip and clenching around the pulsing heat splitting him in two. John’s eyes flashed frantically, letting out a guttural moan and allowing Sherlock to feel triumphant as he viewed John’s momentary lack of control.
Still, the urge to relief his frenzied body was tempting. Just by moving his foot slightly and nudging his bum just a little to the right-
Was he perhaps still afraid of John? The beast couldn’t blame him, after everything that had happened, but he was sure that he and Sherlock had grown closer in the past month or so they had been together.
John could take it no longer, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and pulling him swiftly to the bedroom, pushing him gently back onto the bed with a growl.
Sherlock stood up, walking rapidly towards John and circling him in a predatory manner, observing him from all angles. John stood in military rest, confused at Sherlock’s attentiveness but refusing to back down from his youthful flatmate’s examination.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and with a scowl continued, “Oh please, even a child could solve this case. The rose was taken to distract from the real crime. The men who stole the rose are planning to break into the Bank of England when all of Scotland Yard’s finest were busy looking for a rare, 2 million pound rose.”
Sherlock was nervously fiddling with her violet skirt and, when she realized this, smoothed the fabric back down with a huff of annoyance, “I mean, I play the violin. I sometimes refuse to talk for days on end. Will that bother you?”
John, at seeing Sherlock’s submissive action of acceptance, could wait no longer to plunge himself inside his beloved, the pulses from his purpling member becoming to much to bear.
“Sherlock, come over here” John beckoned to the couch, turning without another word to sit on the aforementioned furniture and attempting to draw up his remaining courage for this dreaded conversation.
John watched the young detective orgasm around his cock, his throat constricting with his cries, causing John’s orgasm to erupt. He spilled down Sherlock’s creamy throat as he experienced rapturous pleasure at the hands of his lover.
“No, not John, who am I Sherlock?” John pronounced each word with another smack, feeling Sherlock begin to harden against his thigh despite the violent blush gracing his features, spreading to the nape of his neck where John could view it with a wicked grin. Sherlock loved this, but he hated it in equal measure, which made it all the more fun for John to see his usually assured lover so adorably conflicted.
Content in their embrace, Sherlock allowed himself to rest his head on top of John’s, one hand stroking up his spine and cupping at his neck, holding him close.
Sherlock was softly choking on sobs, heated tears flowing down his cheeks, when the door to his secret bolt hole opened, a figure he would recognize anywhere stepping inside and closing the door behind him with a succinct
Sherlock watched as John, ever the caretaker, got out of bed the fetch a wet cloth and wipe Sherlock down. John gently rubbed the cool cloth over Sherlock’s saliva coated manhood and then his backside- focusing a bit long on cleaning his arsehole and causing Sherlock’s spent erection to make a valiant second attempt at rising.
Sherlock watched, his stomach tightening as John licked his lips without looking away from his hole, and he squirmed and writhed in vain, trying to close his parted cheeks that were revealing his most private place.
But John broke away with a final wet smack to the pouting pink bud, and patted Sherlock on the bum teasingly.
He was lost in his musings when he heard a polite knock at the door of his office. With a small sigh, John stood up and paced over, throwing the door open with a barely restrained huff of annoyance.
, John’s mind whispered as he watched Sherlock claw at his arms, his face blushing when he saw John looking at his opening, licking his lips hungrily.
Sherlock could come twice in a row, without a refractory period. Good lord, it was like a sinful dream John never wished to be waken from.
Gently leaning down on the bed, so as not to jostle his dozing lover who was breathing deeply, on the crevice between asleep and awake. John settled between Sherlock’s sprawled legs and took in his plump backside, perfectly round and heart shaped where it jutted from his otherwise lithe, and lightly muscled body.
In the quiet, with only the sound of the horse’s trotting along and the forest surrounding them, John pictured the princess in her mind’s eye.
"Greg is suppose to be here around 11 to watch the Rugby match," John commented absently, and Sherlock began whining immediately.
He pulled off with a pop, tucking John’s saliva covered cock back into his trousers, zipping him up and then glancing up through his eyelashes, still on his knees. Waiting for John’s next command.
The doctor and detective left quickly thereafter, jumping in a cab while Sherlock barked an address at the cabbie. With that, the two men were off.
Sherlock felt tears streaming down his face and he wiped them away, feeling them freeze on his cheeks in the winter chill but ignoring it. Anywhere was better than going back to that castle with that- that beast.
“Sherlock, it’s just me, breathe Sherlock. Come on, there you go,” John praised as Sherlock exhaled shakily at John insistence, looking down at their joined hands for a moment before slowly moving his hand away. John frowned, but waited for Sherlock to say something, looking away momentarily to give Sherlock space to sort his thoughts.
Sherlock’s mind settled from the tender, heated kisses they were sharing, but his breathing was beginning to become labored.
Sherlock was clenching his arse, trying to relax despite the large girth splitting him open, making him delirious with pleasure and sensations as every rock rubbed against his sweet spot.
Closing his eyes, and biting his plush lower lip, Sherlock spread his hands, biting into the tender flesh of his well-spanked arse with a whine and exposing himself for John to see.
“Sorry about that,” John said with a mock horrified expression on his face while Lord Grey sputtered in shock.
In the corner, surrounded by his minions, sat Moriarty, holding court to determine whom he enjoyed the most and, more importantly, what they were plotting next.
“And since you have saved me, I feel it is only right that I tell you the truth” John continued, staring at the ground for a moment before gulping in a deep breathe and reaching over, taking one of Sherlock’s pale, alabaster hands into his own, forcing the brilliant man to meet his eyes with a shocked gasp.
John was annoyed, and opened his mouth in order to say so when Sherlock returned with the bags of food, but Sherlock had ordered all of John’s favorites and he was hungry, his stomach tightening at the thought of food.
“Ah, little sister, I’m so glad you could come,” Mycroft simpered, as if he hadn’t demanded it, “you know Gregory Lestrade, lieutenant in the King’s Guard,” he gestured to the silver-haired man who bowed slightly to the princess, who in response rolled her eyes. “Yes, and this is John Watson,” he gestured to the blonde woman who bristled at her title being so obviously disregarded but maintained a civil enough air.
Sherlock groaned in annoyance, but John only grinned like a fool, feeling as if nothing could ever take away his soaring feeling- he was in love, he was human again, and he had his Rosie back. He raised Sherlock's hand, turning it gently to place a kiss on his palm to appease the disgruntled young man.
Mrs. Hudson’s voice broke through the fog surrounding Sherlock and she sat up, panting slightly and her hair spread wildly around her flushed face, shoving her skirt down in the process.
“Yes, that would be- I mean, yes,” Michael answered, still looking down, and John watched the flustered young man with a smile.
I simply adore this view, love,” John commented lightly, patting him on the bum while his blue eyes sparkled with mischief as he poured lube onto his thick fingers, rubbing them together to warm the slippery liquid before beginning to nudge just against Sherlock’s exposed pucker.
Additionally, John’s own reactions to the princess’ beauty would be so difficult to face. She was just so cold, calculating, and
Sherlock didn’t really masturbate, only when the need was unbearable and he needed deal with his transport, but in truth it was rare. Now, Sherlock felt pleasure building already just from the tantalizing and sinful thoughts racing through his mind of what he could do with the items laid to the left of him. Trailing a hand down his body, he gently grasped his manhood, stroking slowly over the shaft for a moment, bringing himself to full hardness faster than he ever had in the past, his fingers teasing up and down.
Laying down next to Sherlock after a moment and entwining their fingers once more, he waited for his love to say something, hoping that Sherlock's first time wasn't too overwhelming. John felt overwhelmed, he had never had such passionate intercourse, but then again, Sherlock always was special.
John reached forward to wipe them away with a private smile, pecking Sherlock’s forehead, his cheeks, his eyelids, before leaning back, gazing into Sherlock’s glistening eyes with complete adoration.
How had he forgotten? Perhaps John was right, with the sensations his mind was completely turned off, the dirty words John was purring in his ear echoing in his pleasure swarmed mind. Still, how had he not known?
By the time the King’s Guard arrived, the Valwald had pillaged the town and stolen the crops and any salvageable goods with them, transporting them across the hostile boarder. They set fire to the village, watching the wooden roofs of the market burn as people rushed around in a panic. The ruthless soldiers took their livelihoods away in a wash of smoke and ash.
Put so bluntly, a yes or no answer, Sherlock felt his nerves about the situations disperse. True, he was untried and therefore did not know what he was doing, but there was no one he wanted to discover it with than John.
“Come now, boys, you can tease one another later. Right now, you need to get dressed and see to your responsibilities,” she said in a faux-authoritative tone, a smile still evident in her voice, but the two men nodded, getting out of bed and taking their clean clothes from Mrs. Hudson.
Mrs. Hudson seemed to understand, “John is doing this because he believes it is best. You’ve changed him Sherlock, in ways you cannot even imagine. We will be alright, take care of him.”
He said it quietly, and John exhaled slowly, watching Sherlock’s reactions and not denying it. He said nothing, only stood there in the tense silence surrounding 221B, staring at Sherlock, his silence acting as confirmation.
“John, stop,” Sherlock moaned after a moment, and John broke away from him, setting him down slowly and breathing heavily. He watched as Sherlock leaned against the dining room table, catching his breathe and smoothing down his recalcitrant curls. Sherlock looked at him for a moment, his heated look melting into something more languid, his eyes half closing in pleasure and happiness.
worried,” he simpered with a mock-pout upon his pasty face. He winked at him, and shoved past and into their home, looking for Siger, seeing him standing beside the fireplace, his back ramrod straight and watching the flames.
He smiled and snuggled closer, closing his eyes and basking in the dim morning light and the feelings of being completely and utterly safe in John’s arms.
“J-John, please, I need you,” Sherlock gasped, and John nodded, laving kisses on the nape of Sherlock’s neck and tasting the sweet perspiration. Reaching to the bedside table, John snatched the lube and sat back, tugging the thong away slightly to drizzle the cold liquid right over Sherlock’s pink hole, nudging it with two fingers, pushing slightly and then receding.
“Listen, your highness,” John began hesitantly, “I am sorry that I overstepped the mark earlier in regards to your freedom- it wasn’t my intention; please accept my apology.”
"G-Green," Sherlock moaned in response, and with a grin, John attached the opposite clamp to his left nipple, swallowing up his gasping whimper with a kiss. After giving him a moment to adjust, John looked down and stepped away, gazing at the erotic sight in front of him and trying to remember how to breathe.
So they went off into the London night, the sounds of Londoners passing around the as they walked the few blocks to the restaurant, comfortable in the silence of each other’s company. John bit his lip in nervous anticipation, his hands clenching in his coat as he tried to formulate what he would say to his genius detective. But when John peered over at Sherlock, he saw the man was striding in his normally graceful manner beside John, and the doctor felt a sense of calm rush through him at the sight of his best friend.
Sherlock grimaced at the thought, and the reminder of how large John’s cock had seemed last night and this morning. Even flaccid, John had nothing to be ashamed of.
"Then you must go," John said, avoiding Sherlock's eyes when they glanced upwards to meet his own, turning away to stare at the dying enchanted rose. Sherlock stood still as a statue, and they both watched another petal fall.
Pushing those thoughts away, he leaned down to placed a kiss on Sherlock’s head and pressed their naked, cooling bodies together as if to remind Sherlock of all they had just shared.
Moriarty turned to the crowd, who had come to Siger Holmes’ house for bloodshed, “I say we kill the beast! After all, he is a danger to our way of life, he cannot be that far away if Siger and his boy stumbled across him,” Moriarty said in a shout, and the crowd began to murmur their agreement to one another.
In the next instant, as if led by fate, Sherlock walked in, calling his name. Seeing the dangerous smile on John’s face, he began to walk slowly backwards, a nervous look in his eyes, but John would have none of it. He walked slowly forward, holding his hand out to Sherlock with a sinful invitation gleaming in his eyes, and Sherlock was powerless to take his hand.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. Sherlock knew there was a risk, but they had been so close to the end, smiling at one another. Sherlock had come home, and everything was supposed to end happily ever after, just like in his mother’s storybooks.
Sherlock was whining incoherently, writhing against the sheets, his right leg pressing John closer while at the same time trying to escape the delicious sensations wracking through his untried body.
And John, never one to argue with such a request, nodded and took Sherlock’s clammy hand into his own, leading him out of the dining room and back to their space.
Sherlock pondered the next course of action for a moment, before shrugging to himself and hugging Mycroft closely, "I'm glad you're alright," he whispered. Mycroft was standing very still, his arms hanging at his sides in shock, but right before Sherlock almost let go in embarrassment at the obviously unwanted action, Mycroft brought his arms up to hold his little brother close, squeezing him tightly to his suit covered chest, "I'm glad you're safe, as well," he murmured, unused to expressing sentiment, but Sherlock smiled up at him brilliantly, so Mycroft figured it was worth the uncomfortable moment.
This is the end, everyone! Thank you for reading along, and all those who commented of left kudos, I hope you know how much I appreciated it. It's been difficult after Season 4 of Sherlock, so I hope this could lift some of your spirits <3
Sherlock began to walk towards her chamber doors, now in sight. John’s footsteps followed behind her, but Sherlock ignored her  guard, a whirl of conflicting emotions in her chest.
"When you are searching for that precious rose, I want you to remember that the only rose I care about is winking at me, and drawing me in, as we speak," John said, smiling at Sherlock's embarrassed huff as he continued to slowly draw his finger in and out of Sherlock's flushed rosebud.
of your laxness,” he drolled lazily, sipping his scotch with a waggle of his eyebrows. Mycroft shuttered at Moriarty’s crude intentions towards his little brother but said nothing, waiting for a real answer.
“Sherlock wait,” John yelled, rushing after the impulsive younger man, but it was too late. Sherlock’s mind on a case allowed for a kind of concentration and single-minded focus that John had never witnessed before.
Upon entering Sussex half a day later, just when the sun was rising above the pine trees and the first buds of spring were beginning to bloom, Sherlock watched as his father raced from their country house, his eyes wide at seeing Sherlock approaching with Philip and shouting out to him.
The beast studied him for a moment longer, the anger building in his tense posture, “fine, but if you don’t eat with me, then you won't eat at all. You can go ahead and
Before the beast could enquire further, concerned by his bemused expression at the simple kiss, Sherlock was off, racing to grab the book on bees and then out the door, calling back “later!”
,” Sherlock answered, his breathing growing more labored by the second, the flush of embarrassment and arousal on his face trailing down to spread over his chest, much to John’s delight. He wanted nothing more than to follow that flush with his tongue, licking and sucking at the creamy skin. Discovering new ways of making Sherlock moan.
“It’s like from a fairytale,” John remarked, and Sherlock nodded. There were fairy lights hanging from the ceilings, along with a massive chandelier. Waiters were passing out drinks, and a string quartet was playing in the corner of the echoing space.
Sherlock felt her heart pick up as a flush crawled up from just above her chest to settle on her neck, matching her red ball gown. Something about this woman before her made her lose control of her transport, and while it was utterly distracting, it was also appealing. Dangerous.
A soft cough came from the doorway, and John turned his massive head to see Molly hop her way into his chambers, her clock face showing the time to be a little past eleven in the morning.
“What in the world was that about?” Mrs. Hudson wondered allowed, still watching the door with confusion written in the lines of her face.
Mrs. Hudson gave a light chuckle at that, “Of course she was right love, mother’s are never wrong. And you are beautiful Sherlock, an absolute vision. Oh, I cannot wait for John to see you” she tittered, and Sherlock took a deep breath, meeting his own eyes in the mirror and steeling himself for the night ahead.
Sherlock’s tears fell faster, blurring his vision, and he blinked them away in annoyance as they were obscuring his view of John. Sherlock wished he could say everything would be wonderful, but his mind knew that John was dying.
John reached down to begin stroking Sherlock’s arousal, ignoring Sherlock’s pleads of oversensitivity as precome began to leak from the tip of his engorged cock.
“Shhh, sweetheart,” John soothed, crawling back up to place a few sweet pecks on Sherlock’s mouth, “we can stop right here, right now.”
“Color?” John asked, and heard Sherlock mumble a word sounding like ‘green’ through his orgasmic haze. John the reached down, moving the sweet thong aside once more to prod at the well fucked hole, feeling it clench as John pushed two fingers in and began to rub directly against Sherlock’s sweet stop.
No such luck, it would seem, in escaping Lestrade’s notice. Sherlock tensed in realization and gripped his coat tighter, using his battle armor to hide his shameful condition before sniffing haughtily.
Since the beginning of his and Sherlock’s relationship, outside of the bedroom, very little had changed. Sherlock was still Sherlock: impetuous, needy, and brilliant. John was still steadfast, with his browning at the ready on a case and a cuddle ready for a classic Sherlockian strop at any moment.
Sherlock led John into his bedroom, John still holding Rosie in his arms, and he pushed him gently onto the bed, removing the torn and bloodied cloak from his shoulders and forced him to lie down, Rosie already dozing on his chest, curled up with a little thumb in her mouth, asleep to the world and completely trusting in the arms of her papa.
John reached down to stroke softly over Sherlock’s covered chest with one hand, the other reaching up to play with his curls, softly twirling them around on finger and then the next, watching them bounce back, just as changeable and adorable as the man they belonged to.
Walking up stairs, he saw the doors were closed to the kitchen and the living room. He strode inside, and looking around he saw that John had gone out.
“Look at you; a complete mess. Your well spanked arse and your mouth coated in pasta sauce, you just can't help but be
John walked in the front door of 221B, walking slowly up the seventeen worn steps and entering his living room, finding Sherlock sitting in his armchair.
“She asked for you, all the time,” Molly explained tentatively,“so I found a picture of you from before and taught her that you were her papa, and while you lived in the castle, you two weren’t able to see each other, but that you were always watching out for her.”
The young man was wearing a blue shirt and fitted dress pants, causing him to look refined and, at the same time, emphasizing how lean and young he truly is. John stared at him in awe for a moment, unable to believe that after all these months; Sherlock was still able to take his breath away.
“So do you,” Sherlock replied after a moment, taking in John’s figure in his fine white shirt, pants and boots, with a blue military jacket overtop, adorned with markings of his status in the army and as royalty.
“You will be stationed outside of my door and I will call for you when I need you, which I can assure you will not happen,” Sherlock promised with a sneer, her lovely lips twisted in distaste.
And Sherlock did, his cock releasing white floods over his abdomen and the edge of the table, Sherlock riding the sensations deliriously, his head flown back and his chest heaving, his hardened nipples highlighted by the fire.
Are you okay? Please tell me you aren’t hurt,” he exclaimed, and John smiled at Sherlock to reassure the young man that yes, he would be alright now.
That is, until the love of his life cleared his throat softly, approaching him to whisper, “John, I know you’ve missed Rosie, but we need to go check on the rest of the castle inhabitants. So follow me.”
let me come,” Sherlock whispered, glancing around self-consciously to ensure no one could overhear the two men.
Sherlock’s stormy green and blue eyes opened and looked down to meet John’s, flushing further at the intimacy of the moment.
“Yes, well, I’m glad you enjoyed yourself at my expense,” Sherlock intoned haughtily, sniffing slightly and trying to hold back a smile. John just giggled again, and before the two men knew it, they were at Baker Street.
The younger man came with a soft cry, his hips stilling momentarily and his head falling back slowly to reveal a pale, unmarked neck just
Sherlock continued muttering over and over, his mind a jumble of contradicting thoughts, and John’s heart ached for his fragile detective and how frightened he seemed to be from this latest brush with death. This was different from their case “A Study in Pink” somehow.
“Can we go play now?” Rosie asked sweetly, and Sherlock didn’t have it in his heart to ignore the girl.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “come now John, each resident of this castle was once a human. It wasn’t a far leap to make. And in your chambers I was a ripped portrait of a prince, and when I asked Mrs. Hudson, she told me that his name was John.” Sherlock replied, laying out the facts on the table as if they were child’s play, and John gave a wet laugh, pulling his paws away from Sherlock’s hands and standing back for Sherlock’s perusal, looking deprecatingly down at himself in disgust..
John hummed behind her in agreement, but she did not expand. Walking around the room herself, John was startled by the opulence paired with… oddities.
Sherlock saw the soft grin on the soldier's face and felt confused- no one had ever reacted favorably before.
When Sherlock gasped a moment later, his mouth opening, John took it as a delicious invitation and delved into Sherlock’s mouth, licking into him and tasting too sweet tea and a taste that was exclusively Sherlock’s alone. John had just begun to nibble lightly on Sherlock’s full lower lip, when Sherlock let out a moan and clutched himself closer, beginning to be bolder in his kisses back. John grasped the back of Sherlock’s neck, and tilted his head back, allowing John to plunder his mouth with abandon and force Sherlock to surrender control, which he did happily.
“Spread ‘em, sweetheart,” John ordered, tapping the back of Sherlock’s thighs to emphasize his point.
John lifted his head briefly, looking at the sight Sherlock made, black covered chest heaving, her nipples about the break free. A pink flush rose over her beautiful cheekbones, and her hair was in a wild spread of curls around her head like an angelic halo.
John brought out the package, opening it swiftly to reveal a pair of nipple clamps. Fine and silver, connected by a glittering chain and appearing like a knight’s chainmail from the stories Sherlock often heard about growing up.
Blinking himself back to reality after a moment of shock, he found a pair of black underclothes and, blushingly, tucked them swiftly under his arm.
John grabbed his arm, stepping close and wrapping his arms around the waist of the lanky young man, “I mean that Sherlock, don’t be embarrassed, it’s true.” Sherlock and John looked at one another, desire growing in their heated expressions as they began leaning in-
“If you say it, I will let you come,” John purred lowly, licking slowly up and down Sherlock’s shaft, holding his hips down and stroking his calloused thumbs around his hipbones.
With that, John unbuckled his trousers, freeing his hard member and giving it a few strokes while Sherlock moaned beneath him, his insides stinging and aching from the cold torment. Without preamble, John held Sherlock's goose-bump covered cheeks apart and nudged his erection against the wet opening.
John picked up the anal beads, his cerulean eyes sparkling with mischief as he turned back to Sherlock.
John met Michael at the coffee shop around the corner from the surgery after freshening up, and saw the young man clutching a coffee in his two hands. He appeared to be extremely nervous, if his fiddling with the coffee lid was any indication.
Mycroft opened his mouth with a well-formulated reply, but his father’s voice interrupted him, “he was taken by a beast!”
“Yes, come now,” John commanded, and Sherlock’s head fell back, his ebony curls in a disarray as he shot out of his cock untouched. His release coating their stomachs in a massive amount from the overstimulation and the orgasm denial.  John’s orgasm came only moments later, and he came with a roar from the quivering pulsations of Sherlock’s arse around his cock as the younger man’s orgasm tapered off with breathy sighs of pleasure.
He saw John tear his eyes away, looking over to the bedside table. When Sherlock turned his head over to look at what John was searching for, he saw the clock, blinking 10:56 a.m.
“You mean my lack of freedom,” Sherlock murmured under her breath, but she did look up to meet John’s gaze.
John reached down to feel Sherlock's cheek, and it was heated and wet from his tears. He was blushing. John nodded to himself, his thoughts confirmed that Sherlock wanted more than friendship as well, his nervousness but also adorable shyness shining through.
But boredom was the farthest thing from Sherlock’s mind as he watched John read a medical text in his armchair, his hair a shining blonde from the sunlight pouring in the room and his arm muscles flexing with each page he turned.
“Prisoner!” Sherlock gasped, not waiting to hear anymore before bolting up the stairs, coming to an empty room containing what appeared to be cells on either side of him.
She remembered afternoons spent exploring those gardens when she was a child, playing pirates with Mycroft before be became too busy being reared as the crown prince to concern himself with his lesser sister and her childish games. In the dark, when she was alone, she could admit that she missed his company. It was lonely being a genius with no audience.
So John began to drop subtle (or not so subtle, really) hints around the consulting detective after almost a year of their living together at 221B. First, he began to linger when he handed Sherlock his morning tea, inwardly smirking in the shocked blinking the detective would do before he dropped his hands away.
Once a sizable hole had been cut free, the men began to enter one by one into the darkened foyer, seeing household objects lying about everywhere.
Sherlock sighed at the implication that the two of them shared anything, and responded, "just a bit down today, Mr. Moriarty, but I am sure I will be alright soon."
John, usually not body conscious, felt oddly exposed lying there, allowing Sherlock to take control and look at him, his eyes always expressing his complete adoration that John was not sure he deserved after all his sins.
Lesrade, unaware of Sherlock’s inner turmoil, grasped his arm and looked at him steadily, “Sherlock, take off that bloody great coat! It’s too hot outside to bother looking posh,” Lesrade chuckled, and Sherlock groaned in annoyance and not a small amount of arousal.
“There is nothing to be ashamed of. I meant what I said before; your submission is a gift, Sherlock. All of it,” John reminded him, pressing kisses up and down the sensitive nape of Sherlock’s neck where tiny curls were formed from perspiration.
“Sorry love, what was that you said?” He asked innocently, his eyes gleaming with dark promise, and Sherlock whined, lying back against his pillows with a hitching breath and feeling a fiery blush licking across his cheekbones.
“Oh no you don’t,” Mrs. Hudson commanded, striding over and pinching Sherlock-sharply- in the arm, ignoring her cry, “you’ve slept half the day away, and you’ve been shirking your duties as the princess of Fairlyn for long enough.”
With a grin crinkling his eyes, Sherlock drizzled the honey on his toast with a hum and began crunching away. John watched for a moment in tender amazement; his heart thumping rapidly in his chest as he watched Sherlock, with honey covered crumbs gathered around his lips, sitting there in domestic bliss with John.
“Little minx,” John half-heartedly reprimanded, watching in fascination as his fingers disappeared into Sherlock’s inviting bum, the pink silk string now teasing his fingertips as he passed back and forth. He added another finger, the three of them fitting snuggly in Sherlock’s tight, wet backside.
John watched the detective for a moment, and was struck by the feeling that something was amiss. His eye grazed up and down Sherlock prone body, landing on his legs where they were hanging out of his dressing gown.
As John glanced out of the corner of his eye at his beloved detective, he saw the man looking completely and utterly lost, his hands clenching and his eyes darting back and forth across the room, his body completely frozen in shock as he processed John’s confession.
Outside, John stared at the door for a moment before slumping down against it, head resting upon it and preparing for a long night of guarding the ice princess.
Grasping the sides of his thick coat, he wrapped it around his bony torso and ducked his head to hide his flushed cheeks and tented trousers from the prying eyes of Lestrade.
“Hello, Dr. Watson,” he said, his baritone voice soft, “my name is Michael, I am a new nurse here, and I was sent to get your paperwork.”
Because, John reminded himself with a deep breath to calm his nerves, because of everything he could gain. They could gain.
Sherlock’s eyes darkened, mounting Philip and grabbing a touch from a nearby stall, “we will see. I love you, papa.”
The spirited detective would not be dissuaded, trying to move his hips down further despite the burning sensation, but his strong-willed lover held his hips fast, looking down with a warning glimmering in his hardening eyes.
John only smiled into the kiss, and reached down to begin stroking Sherlock to hardness. John looked down, a mischievous idea for edging coming to his mind, but Sherlock had to build up his stamina first.
Sherlock set up a chemistry lab in one of the many bedrooms in the castle, and attempted to keep the fires to a minimum. And while he didn't always succeed, John was always amused to see Sherlock's hair blown wild, his eyes sheepish as he explained to John how the particular chemical reactions blew up. Alongside his work, Sherlock helped Molly tutor Rosie, taking her daily out into the gardens to point out botanical life during the day and the solar system at night with a telescope.
Sherlock thought, so wrapped up in his deductions about the flower in his grasp, that he failed to notice the light breathing taking place behind him. But, when he turned, he saw no one, but the door to the castle was standing open in dark invitation.
“You’re my beauty,” John choked out, gliding in and out of Sherlock faster and deeper now, and Sherlock met John’s eyes, putting his hands on John’s shoulders to ride him faster, engulf him deeper, and nodded in response, “I’m yours, John.”
As it is pride month, the next chapter will feature some sort of pride festivities which the boys will engage in, because I love pride month and what it represents for the LGBTQ+ community.
, from John’s attentions, that he had to clench his hands into fist to keep from overwhelming Sherlock too much.
And through the nights of crime solving and days of grocery shopping and going to the surgery, John realized that Sherlock had quickly become John’s most important person.
Walking out of Baker Street, the brightly dressed men hailed a cab, who merely raised his eyebrows at their outfits, and went straight to the heart of the pride parade, which was in full swing at Traflgar Square.
Sherlock shivered at the implication. He may be innocent in the ways of the world, but he was not blind. He moved away from Moriarty's arm, "I thank you for the complement, but I am unworthy of being compared to your" Sherlock winced, "genius. Now, if you'll excuse me, I should be getting home with the shopping."
John clucked his teeth together disapprovingly, his voice a little breathless, “You just can’t seem to learn, can you, love?” John pulled out his soaked, purpling arousal, flipping Sherlock around and pushing the ruined pillows to the floor, twisting the bindings above Sherlock’s arms.
John thought as he paced around the living room, why would Sherlock be heartbroken at John dating another man….
Finally, after an agonizing walk in complete silence in the eerie castle shrouded in darkness, the beast turned to gaze down at Sherlock. Sherlock held his gaze as long as he was able, before looking away.
“I don’t think these will fit,” he picked them up with his pinky and held them out to the saleswoman, who looked like she was biting back a laugh.
Unzipping his jeans, pushing them down to the floor and releasing his member from his underwear, John flipped Sherlock upright, facing Sherlock towards himself and giving him a passionate, delving kiss.
After just a few moments, Sherlock was writhing on the sheets with abandon, begging John practically incoherently to “get on with it, John!”
Sherlock’s eyes glowed in anger at the familiarity expressed by her guard of one day. She spun around, her chest heaving in anger and frustration: “You’re coming dangerously close to impertinence, John. You will address me as is appropriate for our varied positions. I’ll thank you for your assistance tonight, but I do not need your commentary on my life or choices, and I especially do not need you to compare my life to yours as a lowly merchant’s daughter.”
Sherlock ended his music and turned around just in time to see John stretching his arms above his head, a sliver of his hard stomach showing and his army, still fit from his regular exercise as Sherlock’s assistant, flexing behind the deceptive, oversized jumper he wore.
John allowed himself a fond smile at that, imagining Sherlock as an aloof cat rather than his irritating, brilliant flatmate.
Men and women openly holding hands, kissing and dancing as a Drag Queen sang “I Will Survive” over on the stage lit up with hundreds of rainbows.
Sherlock nodded in agreement, and John felt his lust for the younger man consuming him as Sherlock nuzzled his face into John’s neck, allowing himself to be carried around the flat while being fucked up the arse by John.
Oh yes, she had heard about the war-torn villages and what happened to women there. She knew the reality all too well- but Sherlock was desperate for freedom as everyday her brain was atrophying due to the dullness of court life.
But Sherlock wanted to care for John, help him see the man in the mirror that shown through his cerulean eyes every time he so much as glanced at Sherlock. The man who laughed at Sherlock’s character voices when he read aloud in the library, who struggled using utensils at the table but kept trying fruitlessly, even though Sherlock only found it endearing and wished he would just use his hands.
“I love you,” John breathed, and Sherlock ducked his head shyly at the John’s utterly sincere tone, responding in kind. John reached up one hand, tilting Sherlock’s chin up, and kissing him sweetly on the cheek. Then he cuddled in close, hugging Sherlock tightly.
Once in the bedroom, John laid Sherlock back on his bed. He leaned down and kissed the rosy cheeks multiple times, feeling Sherlock’s reluctant grin at John’s silliness.
The stove and the teapot were pouring more boiling water on the already pained but still lucid and moving, gaggle of men beneath the banister, who were once again crying out in agony, many of them now unconscious.
“That is utterly fantastic, thank you so much. Congratulations!” She beamed, and as if sensing their slight discomfort, grabbed her friend’s hand and stumbled away, giggling like schoolgirls all the while.
“Come on love, it’s time to go home.” John led Sherlock towards the main street, clutching his hand. Sherlock held tightly like a life-line, and John squeezed his hand in reassurance.
John allowed this perusal for a few moments, never one to be body shy. But after a while of staring, John realized that Sherlock was caught somewhere in his massive intellect, and needed a push.
“No, I don’t think I will. You’re mine now,” Moriarty giggled, his laugh sounding too high and loud in the darkened room, and the beast cocked his head in confusion at the mentally unstable man.
As soon as Sherlock’s breathing started to come faster, indicating his upcoming release, John formed a tight ring around the base of his cock with his thumb and forefinger, smiling slightly at Sherlock petulant whine.
John leaned back, watching Sherlock with a sweet expression that caused Sherlock to internally melt. Still holding the beautiful, and now fitting, flowers, she brought them to her nose to sniff, wanting to catalogue to smell of the flower’s John bought for her.
This-this glorified babysitter was no different from any of the servants that had coddled her in the past. Why was her transport acting oddly?
John grabbed two flutes of champagne and handed one to Sherlock, the two men standing to the side of the room, drinking the delicious champagne and trying to keep their arousals in check.
Once he’d said the cursed words, he couldn't seem to stop, the heartbreaking mantra being repeated over and over like an epithet, the bottled emotions tumbling through: “I love you, I love you, please don’t leave me here alone.”
Finally, after a long and thorough shower, Sherlock dried off and shivered slightly at the feeling of his bare skin hitting the cold air of the bathroom.
John rolled his eyes fondly, caving in the face of Sherlock’s sweet begging, and kissing back up from whence he came. Pecking kisses, tonguing lightly to taste the glistening sweat now covering Sherlock untried body.
John nodded and Sherlock reached forward, quickly unzipping John and taking out his aroused member and swallowing the tip with a moan of satisfaction.
He manhandled Sherlock on his side, spooning him from behind and settling light, teasing kisses on the back of Sherlock’s neck as he rocked his erection through Sherlock’s ample arse slowly. Sherlock gave a happy little “mmmhh” sigh and snuggled deeper into John’s embrace, flexing his gluteus muscles and listening to John groan with a little smirk on his flushed face.
Then John began to praise the younger man with higher frequency on cases and shortly thereafter, but the praise was all genuinely felt if more vocally voiced. John had dialed back on outward praise since the first case, as Sherlock did not need the ego boost and John became embarrassed when his admiration was too visible. That said, Sherlock truly was amazing, and John had to reprimand himself internally for constantly looking at Sherlock like he was the most stunning creature John had ever seen.
Sherlock pulled out the article of clothing, wincing as he pulled out the pants. They were created for horseback riding and, as such, they were forcibly tight and the observer could see every crevice of the person wearing them. Mrs. Hudson saw him grimacing at the pants; smirking she said, “John will like them, Sherlock.”
At any moment, Lestrade could walk in and see him, flushing down his naked chest from arousal, his cock dripping onto his abdomen and his arse clenching tightly around a vibrator that was forcing him to come again and again from the stimulation alone.
Sherlock tried to stand, but his legs shook from the events, and he found he was quite immobile. John stood up, clutching the torn cloak to him and walking gracelessly over to Sherlock, stumbling on his newly formed legs and grabbing Sherlock's arm and helped him stand.
John snorted, nodding his head as he saw the ripped paintings, destroyed covers, sword marks on the bedpost and debris from the open door paired with the wind strewn across the floor.
He was running through a forest, a feeling of urgency beating steadily in his heart as he rushed to a destination that was a mystery.
But all the while John sat there, between Sherlock's legs, watching with a mischievous expression as Sherlock’s body warred between sensations of arousal and discomfort.
“It feels bloody marvelous, actually,” John replied, his spirits running high now that the first moment of admitting and acceptance were over and done with. He didn’t want to hide his and Sherlock’s relationship. He wanted everyone to know that the detective was his, and vice versa.
John settled onto plush chair that sat in the corner of the bathroom with a relieved sigh after standing for such a long period of time.
Sherlock shook his head, "I do not need anything Papa, the book you brought me is fascinating and more than enough."
John continued, wanting to be perfectly clear to the ridiculous detective that he loved, “Sherlock, I know I have only dated women in the past, but I have noticed men. I was in the army for Christ sakes” John explained with a chuckle, and Sherlock joined along, “but there was always something so striking about you. Your tall, lean figure, your piercing blue-gray eyes, your silky, enrapturing voice and your adorable curls on top of it all.” Sherlock spluttered at being called adorable, as if it was a capital offense, but John merely laughed, “you are, sweetheart, you’re so beautiful to me.”
“Shh, I know it may seem that way, your highness, but his Majesty simply wants what’s best for you. Your lip just healed a few days ago; you’ve been too reckless, as of late. You could’ve died,” Molly reminded gently, gathering ribbons, skirts and chemises as she flitted around Sherlock’s chaotic bedchamber.
Sherlock gulped, and being the loving, adorable, naïve boy that he is, nodded his head in agreement, splayed back on the bed with his legs wide and his panties filled with his own essence: “Whatever you want John, just show me what to do.”
Gasping out and pausing for a moment to catch his breath before continuing to push the seemingly unending toy into his trembling flushed body, not stopping until the entirety of the toy was pressed into his aching, pink entrance.
“You’re so beautiful tonight, darling,” John whispered lowly, leaning into Sherlock’s chest, "I wish we could dance all night, and I could show off my sweetheart to the world." Sherlock breathed in John’s pleasing cologne and nature scent, the sensations of the dance, the glass of champagne, and John’s closeness and words morphing together in his mind.
Facing Michael fully, John ran his eyes down his lean body, noticing Michael following his prying gaze with a shocked expression, clutching the forms closer to his chest so as to not drop them. John slowly strolled forward, ever the army captain, and decided to take action.
John looked over with a self-satisfied smile, his eyes gleaming with unparalleled affection for his genius,“yes, I thought you might have.”
“Unzip me, and then use your mouth. No sucking, only kisses right now,” John instructed lowly, and Sherlock’s face sank into gratefulness as he carefully unzipped John and took out his manhood from his trousers, his cock hardening in the detective’s skillful hands.
In the doorway, each with tears in their eyes, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Molly stood vigil, watching the young man mourn for his beast as the last rose petal fell to the ground.
John only shook his head in delicious denial, still kissing lightly at Sherlock’s head, and his tongue moved in slow circles around the now leaking slit as if he was dying of thirst.
are allowed to be human, flaws and all,” Sherlock said, standing from his chair and walking up to the beast and laying his hands over the paws, cradling them in his thin fingers and large palms.
“J-John, now?” Sherlock asked sweetly, his eyes wide and glistening from overstimulation, his arse unused to the sensation of this deep, inexorable penetration and his continued denial of pleasure.
Sherlock glowered a bit at being called a “big lad,” but when he looked down at the bee’s decorating the thin gown, he conceded that he was, perhaps, a bit childish.
Mycroft stepped away after another moment with a huff, glancing at his father who had joyous tears in his eyes from observing his two sons. Mycroft let out an annoyed breath and mumbled,
“Mmmhm, I think thou dost protest too much,” John teased, sounding far too pleased, but due to Lestrade’s growing discomfort, she changed the topic: “Alright, well, what about the princess…. Sher-something or other.”
The corset kept him in place, his shaking causing his hips to sway and his plump cheeks to jiggle slightly with each movement, much to John’s enjoyment.
With that John rolled over, pinning Sherlock beneath him and using his weight to cage the young man in. Rather than feeling powerless, Sherlock felt safe with the weight of John covering him, protecting him, and he allowed John to control the kisses they were trading like secrets.
He turned back and went to the bloodied and broken beast, taking off his cloak and covering the wounded creature to give him some semblance of warmth. Then Sherlock, with the help of Philip, was able the heave the large beast on Philip’s back for the slow walk back to the castle.
John thought possessively, reaching down to gather some of the wetness still seeping from beneath Sherlock’s ruined pants and bringing it up.
Sherlock chuckled, stepping forward and beginning to walk towards the dining room side by side with the best, “That’s one way to put it.”
“I know, Sherlock, but there is nothing wrong with inexperience. You’re doing wonderfully and even if you weren’t, it wouldn’t matter,” John said, smoothing back Sherlock’s curls and pressing her body to Sherlock’s, gently smoothing down Sherlock’s covered sides.
Sherlock inhaled and exhaled slowly, fixing her ruby lipstick in the mirror one last time and, with a deep sigh, reached back to unclip her hair, letting her auburn curls fall down around her shoulders and shivering at the freeing sensation, running her long fingers through the curls to tame them.
, caused a burst of fondness to expand in John’s chest, and he shook his head with a laugh at his contradictory detective.
Since the day Sherlock and the beast spent in the library, their affection for one another had grown significantly. They spend almost every day together, walking in the gardens or reading in the library in front of the roaring fire. Sherlock’s fingers itched to bury themselves in the soft golden fur, and stroke the long whiskers on his lion’s face.
- this?” Sherlock begged, as John continued to sweep past his sweet spot with wicked precision, his eyes dark and knowing and staring at Sherlock.
Continue to ravish his attentions on John’s nipples, he trailed his hands down to unbuckle his pants, stopping for a moment to slide off John’s pants and boots, leaving him bare beneath the fully clothed Sherlock.
John smirked, rubbing directly on Sherlock’s sweet spot while holding his hip so he couldn’t squirm away. Beginning to scissor his fingers, John felt the wet entrance was stretched enough and picked up the purple anal beads.
“We’re going to use the color system during playtime. Whenever I ask you for a color, you will answer green if you want to continue, yellow to slow down or pause, and red to stop immediately. You will never receive a punishment for calling red or yellow, they’re there for you to use,” John instructed gently, “if you cannot answer, or do not, I will interpret that as red,” John finished, reaching over to pull Sherlock’s head to face his own, forcing his enigmatic eyes to meet the older man’s.
“JOHN- oh, god-it hurts please!” Sherlock begged as he writhed on John’s lap, but John continued raining down spanks on the pinking hole with a wicked smile on his face. Sherlock grasped his arse cheeks and bit his lips, willing himself to continue holding himself open against the onslaught, despite the humiliation of participating so obviously in his punishment.
He rose to his feet, padding over to Sherlock and gently taking one of his soft, beautiful hands into his own paw with razor-sharp claws, being careful not to hurt Sherlock.
Sherlock’s trousers were straining from his erection, and John brought his hands down to Sherlock’s trousers, while continuing to worship his chest with kisses and teasing tugs with his teeth.
“High-Functioning Sociopath? Sherlock, we both know that is a load of bollocks. You have proven, time and time again, that you are not unfeeling; rather you are one of the most caring men I have ever had the pleasure to know. You jumped off a building to save me and your friends, you’re not the selfish bastard you make yourself out to be.” John exhales shakily, trying not to become overwhelmed by the memories of blood on the pavement and a pale forehead streaked with blood-
“Sherlock?” John asked, troubled by the frantic look that was rapidly falling over Sherlock’s sharp features, “Sherlock, are you alright?”
With a final squeeze, she let go and scurried down the hall to manage the staff for the banquet happening that night.
He hissed as the hot water burned the wound, and he expressed his displeasure, “stop that! It hurts.” John grabbed his arm and lifted it to his arm to wash it with his tongue, his animalistic instincts coming to the forefront.
“Anything?” John hummed, pretending to think about it while his mouth quirked into a naughty grin, “well then, since you’ll do
John clenched his hand around Sherlock’s own, pulling Sherlock closer to his compact body, pulling Sherlock’s lithe frame into John’s muscular chest.
John pondered, a wicked smirk gracing his features as he watched Sherlock’s unconscious body take its pleasure without self-consciousness, Sherlock giving off high moans and soft sighs as his erect cock rubbed against the soft pillow, trapped inside his trousers where a wet spot was rapidly growing. John's mouth watered at the thought of slipping down the bed, tugging those loose trousers down his thighs and taking Sherlock's pride into his mouth, swallowing it whole and caused Sherlock to wake up in the midst of coming, but he held off, knowing that he needed Sherlock's approval for such an action.
John watched with growing irritation as Sherlock engaged the pompous lord in conversation, laughing overly loud at a turn of phrase and placing his ivory hand on the suspect’s arm.
“So sweet, there is nothing to be afraid of, my darling. I am right here,” John voiced gently, as if understanding Sherlock’s previous fear, and Sherlock felt relief filling his heart as John spoke out his fears and laid them to rest for the moment.
Philip, spooked, thrust Sherlock off his back. Sherlock yelled out, and Philip tried to run away, but his reign caught on a low hanging tree in the scuttle, and he was unable to run any farther.
John stood in the silence of the flat for a moment in confusion. Sherlock was acting very oddly, and right before he bolted from the room, a look had passed over his unusually pale features. It looked like heartbreak.
In honor of Beauty and the Beast coming out today, I wanted to add one more small addition to this story. This was my first long Sherlock fanfiction, and I am so happy so many people have enjoyed it.
"The little things, huh?" John remarked with a huff, reaching over to the side table and quickly wiping them both off, tickling Sherlock a bit more in the process and was utterly enchanted by Sherlock's high pitched and unburdened laughter.
John pulled Sherlock forward so he was lying down with his head in John’s lap, and Sherlock could feel the bulge bumping against his ear with a shy smile of happiness- proof that John wanted him too.
On the verge of tears, and blinking them away, Sherlock sat back down on the bed feeling completely alone.
Once he laid Sherlock down, and moved to go clean up from their sensual dinner, Sherlock wrapped his hand around John’s wrist.
“I love you, John,” Sherlock murmured, letting his lips linger tantalizingly over John’s for a moment before descending, brushing their lips together once, twice, before leaning in a capturing his mouth in a deeper kiss still, his head foggy from the deep rest and quiet bedchambers surrounding the two men in complete privacy and bliss.
. “ John promised darkly, and Sherlock’s eyes cleared slightly from their arousal induced haze to nod desperately in agreement.
John contained his pleased chuckle at Sherlock’s predictability, “So, have you thought of me during your private time, I’m to understand? And what do we do, in these fantasies of yours?”
Sherlock felt heat flickering back to his face, once again cursing his pale complexion, as John looked at his most private place. When Sherlock hesitantly peered down, John was watching the hole quiver with a hungry expression on his face.
"How nice it feels, the way the world becomes smaller when it is just us, just now, just this," Sherlock breathed quietly while John pressed wet, smacking kisses against his shoulder blades and spine, causing a shiver.
,” Sherlock called, but felt a foreign object being pressed into his sloppy, reddened hole in response.
What if Moriarty wasn’t truly gone? What if another criminal in London sought out him or John to enact revenge?
Perhaps the prince was a hated family member? Doubtful, the beast was of a prickly sort, to be sure, but he didn’t seem to wish that sort of spite on others. He is always rather kind, always smiling when Rosie is mentioned or Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson argue about the cleaning.
The next morning, Sherlock woke to the sound of whispers coming from the corner of the bedroom. Sherlock had slept on the bedcovers, having fallen into an exhausted slumber after hours of choking back tears.
He observed Sherlock for a moment longer, watching him clutch his abdomen as if he thought he would be sick and then, his realization dawning as he looked down to see his arousal, a light flush gracing his delicate cheekbones and his mouth opening to form an "oh."
“Yes, I know that, but we need to clean it so it doesn’t become infected. Stop licking it, you have no idea the sort of bacterial infections that run rampant at this side of the world,” Sherlock enunciated clearly, grabbing his arm back and continuing to clean, more gently, at the wound while John stared at him with a bemused expression on his beastly face.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade huffed impatiently, pacing towards the consulting detective, “stay on track, please. The rose, what does that have to do with the bank?”
He heard the sound of freshly shined boots clamping down the stairs, and shot up like a firecracker, walking swiftly the living room and trying to control his breathing, fiddling with his cuff links for the eleventh time and straightening his bowtie.
It was the sweetest kind of torture, Sherlock couldn’t twist away as John continued to gently peck and kiss her way down and back up her vaginal lips, John holding her down with sure, strong hands and Sherlock crying out; making the kinds of noises she was horribly embarrassed to be making but unable to stop to outpouring.
As the beast watched the young man from the shadows, an idea came to his mind. A dangerous one to even contemplate, but he had to try.
“I’m not human?” The creature finished with a low growl, and Siger nodded in complete terror, frozen on the spot, still holding the rose.
Sherlock had turned and was racing off as fast as his lanky legs could carry him, leaving John behind in a confused stupor for a moment before he realized Sherlock’s brash idea to chase the murder without a plan.
“Enough of those thoughts, now,” John reprimanded lightly, stroking Sherlock’s face and watching him nuzzle into his roughened palm, “it’s just you and me, don’t hide from me love.”
The cruel man’s face split in a smirk once more, “you have no idea the kind of monster I am, my dear.”
John felt simultaneously out of place and comforted by the sight of the people, trying to regain normalcy.
Sherlock thought to himself, trying to calm his aching nerves. Undressing slowly, Sherlock laid back on top of his bedsheets, nude and already half-hard in anticipation of the pleasure to come, goosebumps covering his skin from the slight chill of the London air in his bedroom against his exposed alabaster skin.
John could try to pretend that the idea of punishing Sherlock didn’t send a spark of desire straight to his groin, but he would by lying. Adrenaline was still pumping through his veins from the chase and taking down a threat to his love; it was bringing out the deepest possessiveness of John’s nature.
Sherlock bit down on reflex, beginning to chew to proffered food while still rocking, his cock leaking down his shaft as his mind swirled with the delicious food and vibrations pulsing from within the core of his body.
Meanwhile, back in Sussex, Siger Holmes had recently recovered from his fever caused from the cold conditions in the enchanted castle, and with his cleared mind, he was able to recall the events that led to his addled state.
But all his royal standing and victories could not save him forever, and the Prince did not escape unscathed from the war front.
-“ Sherlock pleaded, his face absolutely scarlet at the notion that John was staring at his plump and tender backside, enflamed from the spanking, and raised in the air like a child’s after lying to their mother.
“J-John,” Sherlock panted, and he sounded completely wrecked. John tensed his body to control the shivers that went down his back at Sherlock whimpering his name like that is a different context.
"Oh, good, where do you go in your mind, love?" John wondered aloud, stroking Sherlock's hair gently, "and just what were you doing there?" He asked faux-sternly, narrowing his eyes on Sherlock who had a string of pre-cum connecting his cock to the bedpost, the crime obvious enough for even John to work out.
Being endlessly curious, Sherlock spent many hours pouring over texts and absorbing as much information as he could, living up to his label of genius. As soon as he was old enough, he began to play the violin, the instrument acting as a soothing remedy for the scorn he faced at school and social events, and allowing him to express himself through music, the crescendos and swirling notes tying together to form a story, and he was happy.
“Why not Sherlock? Does it embarrass you that I'm watching your reactions while I eat you out? I can hardly help it, you're adorable.”
She felt a pair of eyes watching her be led to the dance floor and, looking around, she saw John’s blue eyes peering at her across the room from her post. She repressed a shiver at the hungry look in John’s eyes and allowed herself to be positioned by the odd Prince in front of her for the first dance of many. Sherlock couldn't help but wonder what it might be like to dance with John.
"Oh, good, so good Sherlock," John encouraged breathlessly. Sherlock looked at John, an earnest expression on his young, blushing face, peaking at him through his thick eyelashes as he continued to stroke John's cock reverently, and John came.
“Alright, let’s go,” Sherlock remarked, walking to the door and, taking a deep breath, opened it and stepped out into the darkened hallway. He peered nervously in both directions and, not having seen anyone, strode forward holding Rosie and allowing Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson to follow.
Sherlock twisted in his bindings, trying to escape and press against the sensations, his chest heaving and his cock beginning to slowly harden once again in his thoroughly soaked pink panties.
The corset pushed up his slightly muscled chest, bringing the muscles together to form the appearance of small breasts with the nipples just barely hidden. This waist, tied off with the black silk bow, appeared ridiculously small on his already slender frame, extenuated his hips, making them appear curvy rather than their usual bony.
John shook his head, hanging it in despair. What was he going to do? He needed a battle-plan, but first, he needed advice.
John smiled sadly at that, because of course Sherlock would volunteer to walk back into his prison willingly not once, but twice.
Sherlock’s eyes light up, and John felt a sense of unease fluttering in his abdomen when Sherlock looked at him with appraising eyes for a moment, and then nodding.
“You’d try it out with someone new,” Michael finished with an understanding expression, his brow furrowed, “but I don’t want to get involved with someone whose heart is already spoken for.”
As they passed through the gates and the King's Guard standing watch, John took in her first view of the castle grounds: “Holy-“ John whispered, taking in the majesty and enormity surrounding her.
Sherlock flushed at the insinuation and the fact that John looked at his ever growing collection, already feeling vulnerable after their night together and the reminder of his inexperience making him defensive.
‘I adore this ridiculous man’ John thought as Sherlock grumbled slightly in his seat at John’s ability to surprise him.
“Open your eyes” the beast said in a low rumble, a smile in his voice, and Sherlock did to discover the largest and most magnificent library he had ever seen. Even being raised in nobility, they had never had access to the sheer amount of tomes in the space.
The sound of the violin in the dark of night waking him from his nightmares became soothing, and a case involving some sort of scuffle or gunshot or chase became the exhilaration to get John through his tedious work as a GP.
“John, please-“ he began to beg, but John shook his head, his eyes half lidded in pleasure as he continued fucking him, Sherlock’s over sensitized hole beginning to drip around John’s still hard member.
The sunlight shown in through the windows on the two men curled up together as they dozed in John’s chair, and as they relaxed, Sherlock began humming a beautiful tune, oddly reminiscent.
"Yes!" Sherlock exclaimed, thrusting back against John's invading tongue as he began to harden once again under John's ministrations. God, he loved when John did this to him. It was so forbidden, absolutely filthy and so, so,
They stumbled in and up the stairs, kicking off their shoes at the door and, by unspoken agreement, continued shedding their clothes all the way into the bedroom, exhaustion creeping in.
And so their first time was completed, but John would never forget the beautiful simplicity, the rightness, of that night. He doubted Sherlock would either.
Sherlock smiled at the tiara as the memory faded, and she raised her arms to place it on her head until it was nestled in place among her up-do.
Sherlock is a genius, true. And she adores a good triple-homicide solved before breakfast, no one would dispute that; but she also loves make-up, and pretty scarves, and most of all, flowers.
John held his hands up in surrender, secretly adoring being able to see this newest side to his enigmatic friend. Sherlock was ever put together in his fine suits and his presence that filled up a room in an instant.
Finally they came to a stop, and Sherlock could not calculate their placement in the castle in his mind palace. He had never been there before.
John had a different idea. He had briefly gotten out of bed to use the bathroom, and was leaning against the doorway, watching Sherlock with a wicked smirk on his face as the young man settled back down to sleep. The covers kicked off his body, leaving him completely, deliciously bare.
Sherlock scowled at being caught and looked away, a bashful light in his eyes as John watched his little one fondly.
The rose that had started it all, he remembered John's anger, his rash decision to run away, the wolves, the forgiveness, the library, the stories, the kisses, the dancing.
“John, as you know you are a remarkable asset for my Work, and I view you as a friend, one of my only friend’s, but I must remind you that I am a-“
John felt a kinship with the people, the people who were empty eyed and sorrowful like her, and so she moved to the small city to wither away into anonymity.
Shaking away the thought of Sherlock, John refocused, “I was in the army, but I was shot and unable to continue my work as a surgeon due to the slight tremor in my left hand.”
But John knew what that skin looked like when it was flushed from pleasure, his lips still plump from the passionate kissing, his delightfully elegant cock curved up
“How does it feel Sherlock, knowing that I am going to leave you tied up here, gagged and helpless, while I go talk to Lestrade? Look at you,” John tutted lightly, his eyes sparkling with mischief, “ you’re always so
“Where is my brother?” Sherlock countered, watching as Moriarty’s face slid into one of fake innocence. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, watching closely for any hints.
Sherlock watched, his forehead crinkled in confusion, as John came over to the bed and lead down, placing a kiss onto Sherlock’s curly head and pressing the tattered book into his hands.
A scarlet blush ran down Sherlock’s rapidly rising and falling chest in remembrance, but he bit his lip to refuse himself use of the naughty word in the harsh light of day.
“Look up at me, there you are. Listen master," she said, always making 'master' sound like the motherly endearment 'sweetie,' to Johns utter consternation,"the best plan of action to begin wooing Sherlock is to be kind” she suggested, but John scoffed in refusal, turning his face away.
Sherlock panicked, his heart picking up speed at the thought of an angry mob attacking John, and tried to take the mirror back desperately, but Moran held him back, “no, wait, he isn’t dangerous,
Sherlock's head popped up from where he was talking to Rosie in surprise, and was caught with his hand in the cookie jar, quite literally.
The beast stood up and raced over to help Sherlock up, concerned, but Sherlock popped back upwards right away, a chagrined flush evident on his cheeks.
At the command, Sherlock got up, following John with a bemused but excited expression on his young face. The two men walked into the living room, where John had set up a dinner for the two of them; pasta al forno and salad from Angelo’s was laid out delicately, and the fire was roaring.
He settled his backside on his lap and chuckled lightly at Sherlock little whimper of pain, his shirt covering his bits. Somehow Sherlock half clothed, sitting in John's lap freshly spanked was unbearably erotic, and John had to take a few deep breathes to calm his roaring arousal.
John was looking at him oddly. There was still the usual hunger in his eyes, and Sherlock’s cheeks turned slightly rosy and the remembrance of all the sexual acts they had engaged in since they had been together for the past month, but now there was a sentimentality lingering over his features, something vulnerable in a way that his strong John rarely ever was.
John was working at a new surgery near Baker Street, with a flexible enough schedule to help Sherlock on cases. All in all, it was as if a time machine had taken them back six years to the domesticity and adrenaline pumping excitement at 221B. Yes, everything was back to normal.
“I-“ Sherlock trailed off, still feeling vulnerable from being carried and “rescued” from the depths of her personal hell- socializing with bachelors. The silence stretched between the two women.
Sherlock clasped his hands together, feeling another pang in his chest at the thought of John now, alone in the castle. At least Mrs. Hudson assured they would take care of him.
John reached one hand up to toy with Sherlock’s hardened nipple, while at the same time reaching his other hand down to press teasingly against that saliva-coated hole, which opened trustingly for John and John alone.
He picked Sherlock up, smirking slightly at Sherlock’s confused hum when he is moved, and holds him above his cock facing John, letting go of his hips slightly and guiding him down, down,
“No, friends protect people. Or at least guards do,” John corrected herself with a shake of her head, more fly-aways breaking free from her long braid.
Sherlock gasped at the cold feeling of wetness between his cheeks and forced himself to relax once more. He trusted John, John would never do anything to hurt him.
Not that Sherlock minded appearing womanly, exactly, but the corset was just another way of confining her body against her will. Cutting off her movements, her airflow. And it was hateful.
The trousers and shirts hid what was truly there well, John thought, and as Sherlock turned bashfully to the side, John could see the trousers did very little to expose the magnificence of her arse.
“I’m going to distract him, give me one minute. Then I need you to grab his phone. It is located in his right breast pocket,” Sherlock instructed. John nodded, and watched with a growing sense of trepidation as Sherlock practically sauntered over to the suspect.
He had a small, shy smile on his face and his hand was raised in an awkward half wave. He was tall and lean, with short, brown hair and green eyes that were averted nervously.
John picked him up with no warning, laughing into Sherlock’s mouth at his surprised gasp, and continued teasing at his little hole with his fingers, Sherlock unable to do anything but tilt his head back and take the sensations as John held him, clenching his ivory thighs around John’s sides as pleasure raced through his pure body.
“I, well, I suppose I view you as older, an authority figure. I’ve never done any of this before, after all,” Sherlock said bashfully, and John’s tender smile grew wicked.
“Ask for it, love,” John commanded, rolling his hips, and Sherlock’s head fell to the side, resting against his arm, which was trapped above his head as John took his pleasure from his body.
John nodded slowly, and began to draw the articles of clothing gently down Sherlock’s alabaster legs until they were pooled on the floor of the bedroom. Sherlock’s cock bounced up to rest on his stomach, and he closed his eyes as he felt John’s eyes raking over his skin, memorizing him from his place on his knees.
To rectify this, John parted Sherlock’s cheeks, licked his lips, and placed his wet, hungry mouth over Sherlock’s inviting pucker, revealing in Sherlock yelp of surprise. John began to kiss; slowly, intimately, in every way he knew Sherlock adored while humming.
John rolled off of Sherlock and disposed of the condom, wiping them both off gently, and then laid back down, gathering the still panting detective up in his arms, their legs winding together, the bedroom still lingering with the smell of sex and arousal in the air as their heartbeats slowed.
“B-but, aren’t I a bit… old?” Sherlock sputtered, clutching the childish gown between two delicate hands, his cheeks heating and ducking his head, curls tumbling across his forehead.
Sherlock raced down the stairs of the West Wing, past the ballroom and the kitchen, ignoring Mrs. Hudson’s calls for Sherlock to come back. He grabbed his cloak from his room and ran, down the front stairs and out the door. He paused briefly to look at the magic gazebo, with the beautiful roses blooming despite the cold winter night, and he mourned ever asking for a rose. If he had never sought to have one, his father never would have been captured, and he never would have been imprisoned.
But Sherlock let out another drop of precome from the pronouncement, his face turning rosy at the insinuation and his dirty response.
“And,” John spoke over Sherlock with a chuckle of fond exasperation, “I thought it would be nice to go to the same place we went to dinner the first night, a year ago.”
John smirked; holding his lover around the waist and trailing a hand down to lightly grasp Sherlock’s erect cock, leaning in to whisper in his ear.
“Well it reads 37.8 C, a little warm if I do say so myself. We will have to do something to bring down your fever,” John remarked idly to himself, and Sherlock almost growled in frustration, wanting John to take him and let him come.
“This isn’t how I wanted to end our evening, Sherlock,” the ex-Captain ground out, watching in dark delight as Sherlock wriggled and squirmed over his lap as he relaxed in his dress uniform, content to stay there all night an watch Sherlock’s plump bum move under his hands.
Moriarty’s eye’s gleamed as they set eyes on the enchanted castle for the first time, wondering if perhaps once this was over if he could move into the dark palace. With a smirk, he instructed the men to begin chopping down the large oaken doors.
Sherlock began to shake his head, looking up to his father with a beseeching expression, “Papa, I cannot take this. It must have cost a significant sum, and I know we cannot afford such-“
Sherlock glanced up, alerted by the sudden wind through his curls and looking through tear filled eyes to see John’s body begin to flicker with light. All around him, a singular gold began to shine ever brighter, and the melodious tunes off spring sounded around them. Sherlock sat back in shock as John’s body was lifted from the ground slowly, hovering a few feet in the air and defying the physical world.
While the width of the plug was nothing startling, certainly leaner than John’s own cock by far, the teasing curve of the device is what lended itself to Sherlock’s dreading arousal. The very tip of the device would rest directly beneath his prostate, nudging unendingly on the sweet spot with every jostling step which would cause Sherlock to spend the day in agonizing arousal and fulfillment.
But still, in the depths of her well-hidden heart, Sherlock wished for a friend, just one: someone who knew her and still loved her.
“Then you’ve come to the right place,” she confirmed, leading him towards the back of the store where the merchandise was held. Around Sherlock was lace, silk, and colors abounding in the form of corsets, bras, and what seemed like hundreds of panties.
Sherlock held her favorite tiara that Mycroft had made to celebrate her day of birth when she was 16; it had silver skull decorations among the emeralds and diamonds that sparkled as brightly as they did five years ago. Sherlock recalled the joy she had felt when unwrapping the gift, genuinely smiling to her brother for the first time since their parents had passed years before.
Getting into the shower and turning it on, he washed and conditioned his hair, and his body as he normally did with his slightly honey smelling body wash. Taking a deep breath, Sherlock picked up the razor and shaving butter he had placed in the bath and lathered his legs, shaving gently up and down cautiously, as he had never shaved there before.
That being said, Sherlock did already have a propensity for coming more than once, the cheeky bugger.
The mountain town of Iris was not home to many jovial occasions- since the invasion of the Valwald armies two years ago. The King’s Guard had been scouting miles away due to false information they had received about a potential attach in the northern forest, and by the time they heard the clanging bells indicating an invasion was approaching Iris, it was too late.
, John smiled to himself while coating the beads in lubricant and beginning to line the first small bead with Sherlock’s clenching entrance.
“No! You wouldn’t” he exclaimed, and John reached on hand up to stroke down his back in a soothing manner.
A woman in a silken violet gown stepped through the door, her pointy chin held high and her dark curls offsetting the paleness of her skin and she strode forward, contempt for those in the room pouring off of her in waves.
Sherlock did everything he could think of, standing vigil at his mother’s bedside, going out late at night to find natural remedies, reading about antidotes and cures, but it was all for naught.
Siger Holmes strode happily to the front gates of his country home, smiling widely at the race of children headed towards him- well, Sherlock and Katherine were racing, Mycroft following at a more leisurely pace than his younger siblings.
Once Sherlock began to whine from oversensitivity, John gently pulled the washcloth from his bruised, well loved bum. He shampooed his hair, gently untangling the curls with his doctor's fingers until sherlock was in a near comatose state of relaxation as he lounged in the bath.
Sherlock felt a lump forming steadily in his throat at the distressing thought, and although he tried to stem his anxiousness, his fear continued to rise as his mind raced through the possibilities.
As if waking from a dream, Sherlock’s eyes popped open with alarm. None of those thoughts made sense.... A heat was spreading through her abdomen and across her nose, and she was distinctly uncomfortable in her skin.
“I’m err, s-sorry about that,” he stammered, leaning down to begin collecting books, and the beast lent down to lend a hand. Sherlock glanced up at him to give him a smile, and the beast’s lips quirked at the corners from the ridiculous young man who, quite literally sometimes, stumbled into his life.
“Mrs. Hudson, I need your help,” John had waited until everyone left the kitchen, preferring to only receive personal advice from Mrs. Hudson and discretely.
“And how do you feel about your relationship, Sherlock?” Mrs. Hudson’s voice calling him from his musings, and Sherlock looked over to see John’s eyes watching him curiously.
Without really thinking about it- John reached for his phone and took a picture of Sherlock- his curls mussed from his punishment and his shirt and trousers unusually unkempt from where they had been ruffled during their skirmish.
Had it truly been only hours before? It seemed as if the world had changed since John went to find Sherlock, seeing the detective pouring his hurt heart out, aching sobs and cries that will haunt John’s dreams from the deep pain they had expressed.
“What do you want, sweet boy?” John asked kindly, reaching down to tuck a curl behind his ear, and Sherlock began pawing at the slightly tented front of John’s trousers like an untrained puppy.
” Settling on his thighs, still shirtless, John leaned down to lock Sherlock’s mouth in a kiss, much to the younger man’s surprise. John started slow, moving his lips gently, teasingly over Sherlock’s. After another moment, he began to trace his tongue alone the seam of Sherlock’s lips coaxingly, and they opened for him with a sweet gasp, encouraging John to continue pleasing his soon to be lover, soothing away his fears and anxieties with his lips.
Sherlock rolled out of bed, walking across the room to where his dressing gown lay and picked it up, tugging it on over his pajamas, remembering how John put on the pajamas on his unconscious body. Such an idea might be uncomfortable to someone else, but Sherlock felt nothing but safe at the thought of John caring for him; a shy smile tugging at his lips in the early morning light.
When it was time to start getting ready, Mrs. Hudson forced Sherlock into a bath for his night with John, claiming that Sherlock should look his very best.
Sherlock moved forward, slipping past the slightly opened gate and following his Father’s footsteps in the snow, cataloging their gait and stride up to the gazebo. There, he spotted the fallen white rose, and strode over to pick it up, turning it around and wondering why such a beautiful flower had been cut. And, how such flowers could grow in the midst of winter in the first place.
“J-John,” Sherlock stammered, backing into John’s chest and away from the chair currently sitting to one side of the beautifully decorated table.
"It's rude to kiss at the table, Mrs. Hudson said so," she parroted, and John and Sherlock glanced at one another sheepishly.
John was larger than he realized, he felt absolutely enormous inside of the detective, and he was only in few inches. It was how wide he was, the width increasing the stretch.
His hard cock was poking out of the front of his panties and was rubbing endlessly against the pillows beneath him.
“J-John, I can’t much longer,” Sherlock whimpered, curling in on himself as the rocking cab continued to batter away at his already frazzled nerves and arousal, the plug shifting over his sweet spot with every jostled. Sherlock bit his lips roughly, the cupid’s bow turning red under his ministrations. His coat had long since hung open, revealing his tented trousers, and John nearly came at the sight of Sherlock attempting to control his transport, and utterly failing.
John slide a lubricated finger in him swiftly, and Sherlock gasped, unable to believe that each time John entered him was as wondrous as the first.
With a wicked smirk, John leaned forward to begin whispering filthily while he fucked Sherlock in the broad daylight of their sitting room, his almost foot long member filling Sherlock to the brim and there was no where to go, Sherlock’s pliant body welcoming him in. John peered into Sherlock's eyes, taking in his smooth cheeks, still maintaining a bit of baby fat, his cupid's bow lips, and his oceanic eyes that were pleading for John to allow him release.
“I wish it was that simple papa,” Sherlock sighed, “we will have to wait and see what comes with nightfall. Where is Mycroft?”
“Time for bed, Sherlock,” John said, watching with a quirked smile as the detective groaned in annoyance and pushed his head up into John’s hand, not wanting the stroking to stop.
John approached slowly, a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth as he observed his demure lover,
Sherlock paused for a moment. He did not want to stay, but his Papa would surely die if he did not. Sherlock looked into his father’s eyes, wishing that there were a better alternative but knowing that wishing was rarely productive.
Sherlock laid her head down on her knees, feeling her curls tumble down the silken fabric as she closed her eyes- just for a moment….
John jumped on top of Sherlock, tickling his sides, a startled laugh bubbling up and out of Sherlock’s lips. As much as Sherlock tried to escape the tickling, John had him pinned down, running his hands over Sherlock’s body and causing sweet sounds of joy to fall from his lips. Mrs. Hudson watched on, tears glistening in her eyes as she observed two boys, so happy after so much sadness and loss.
John’s entire body suddenly tensed up as he realized what Sherlock was doing, but the younger man would not be dissuaded by his course of action, untucking John’s shirt and sliding it off of his golden skin, until his chest was bare. Leaning down and capturing a nipple in his mouth, Sherlock smiled around the tender pink flesh when he heard John’s light moan that he cut off, biting his lip when Sherlock glanced up.
John tried to meet Sherlock’s gaze, but he had turned his eyes to the window and seemed to be lost in thought as well. John cleared his throat, and Sherlock cocked his head slightly to the side to indicate he was listening, “Sherlock, you told me once that I was your only friend. You told me once that I was the man who saved you, but it isn’t true. You have saved me too Sherlock, so many times and in so many ways, and I owe you so much.” John choked out, eyes stinging as he remembers the same words he had spoken at Sherlock’s grave so many years before. The despair at facing a life without light in it, the person he had never been truthful to.
Trying to process the influx of information to her system and get her mind back online, she only heard the end of John’s rambling, “-and I know I’ve confused you in the past saying I’m not gay, but 221B is home.”
“When you’re on your own, you are going to pull for each section to tighten it from behind,” she showed Sherlock on the bench, and he nodded, observing her movements and memorizing them for his own purposes later.
Sherlock blushed and looked down, "would you believe me if I said nothing?" He asked, adopting his most innocent expression. John shook his head, biting back a smile and failing as he looked down at his naughty boy.
“Right here,” John voiced echoed from behind Sherlock, causing the detective to gasp and turn around quickly, forgetting about his predicament and gasping in response to the quick movement over his prostate.
John stared at the chaos with wide eyes, feeling simultaneously overwhelmed and at peace with this part of his identity for the first time in his entire 35 years of life.
A wind began to pick up in the air, and the rustling of crisp spring leaves began to join together in a soft harmony. The tones grew louder, and the wind grew stronger.
exclaimed from a now furiously red Sherlock, who was avoiding John’s gaze. John let out a delighted laugh, and leaned up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek in a placating manner, imagining how cute Sherlock would have looked as a mere child, little curls and a honeybee following him around on his adventures.
“J-John please- please-“ he whimpered, biting his lips to try and stem the moans falling from his plush mouth, but John would have none of it. Biting on one fleshy cheek, John reprimanded Sherlock.
He truly was a fearsome creature, he thought absently, at least double Moriarty’s width and standing almost two heads above him, but it was no matter, Moriarty had destroyed larger and more difficult adversaries before.
"Very well, I am off," his papa announced. Mycroft and Katherine materialized in the doorway to say their goodbyes and remind him once more about their gifts- a new pair of gloves and some fine lace. Sherlock stood last, and went to hug his father, breathing in his embrace and trying to catalogue the sensation until he returned.
,” John moaned out, never having felt such sensations, and as Sherlock let go of John’s member with a succulent –
John realized this, and decided it just wouldn’t do to have Sherlock believe he wasn’t worthy of praise for just being himself, and decided from then on to vocally praise Sherlock as often as needed for him to realize what a treasure he was.
“That was brilliant, princess, simply brilliant,” John praised as she walked a few steps towards her and, ignoring the shocked glances and murmurings in the hall, bowed low and bestowed a kiss to Sherlock’s bony hand. Sherlock stood still as a statue, shocked that the woman would bestow a man's greeting in such a public space. Her lips were soft and warm, oh so warm, against Sherlock's skin, and she felt a tingling run up her arm.
“Please k-kiss my nipples,” Sherlock whispered into the quiet living room, the only sound his harsh breathing.
Lost as he was in his deductions and admiration of the rose, Sherlock didn’t hear the footsteps until it was too late.
No, friend, even best friend, was not the appropriate title for Sherlock anymore. Best man at his wedding, and he stood and took a vow after playing a heart-wrenching ballad that had weighted John’s heart. A vow to John, and the people John had chosen to live his life with.
me. Because you’re my Sherlock, my little one, my lover. And you're such a wanton little whore for my cock, and you haven't even had it yet. Imagine what a lush you will become. I could leave you tied up on the bed, begging for me to enter you three, four times a day.”
John peered down at his phone, and the picture of Sherlock shining back at him. With a smile, he set it as his background and set his phone on the arm of his chair, watching Sherlock for another moment before standing up.
John decided a lie in was in order for himself and the younger man whose eyes were dropping tiredly, so he sat back on the bed, opening his arms, and Sherlock quickly curled into him, kissing him on the wound on his left shoulder and quickly falling asleep once again. John followed quickly thereafter, the two men sated.
Sherlock giggled at the sudden picture of the beast wearing an oatmeal jumper that appeared in his mind's eye, and John joined in, until both men were laughing uproariously at the situation they now found themselves in.
” John admitted with a roughish grin and Sherlock nipped lightly at John’s nose in retaliation, a grin spreading across her face as she laid her head on John’s soft chest and cuddled close.
Rushing through the door, she slammed it behind her, slumping back against it with a sigh as if she has escaped a demon. With her heart racing she clenched her hands together, her feet carrying her to her bed while her mind swirled with deductions and confusing emotional nuances that Sherlock had no use for before.
Sherlock shivered noticeably in his coat as they walked home, but there was no chill in the air beyond anticipation for the night to come.
Laying the one towel on the bed, he instructed Sherlock to lie down on it. John quickly dried himself off, and then turned to Sherlock lying on the bed, naked and splayed out, trusting John implicitly.
A roar emanated from the mirror in the next instant, the edges glittering from magic and John’s beastly body was displayed on the mirror’s face, he was roaring into the night on the balcony outside his bedchambers.
“Are you happy here, Sherlock?” John asked after a moment, and Sherlock smiled, twirling his rose around his fingers and looking out over the landscape before meeting the beast’s eyes.
Entering the bedroom, he saw Sherlock asleep, his arms and legs akimbo on top of the duvet and his cum stained undergarments beginning to cool to his skin.
John gaped for a moment in complete surprise before Sherlock swallowed him down again, reaching to place John’s hands on the back of his head and bobbing up and down.
John gently swiped Sherlock off, drying every inch of his sodden flesh, fluffing his curls lightly and scratching behind his ears, causing Sherlock to close his eyes with a groan of happiness at the action.
With a sigh, she leaned her forehead against the windowpane and stared at the moon, wondering at its correlation to the stars and vast world beyond this one run by people intent on gaining power. That is, men running the world and insisting on power.
John took a sip of tea, steeling herself and throwing back her shoulders into a military stance that set Sherlock on edge, “you’re right, they weren’t given to me. I bought them.”
Your comments give me inspiration to keep going! Thank you all so much for your support of this (filthy, depraved, yet somehow still fluffy) story of mine. Feel free to make suggestions of what you want to see, and I will take them under advisement. Also, self-care is important, so take care of yourselves!
Sherlock turned to face John, lying down and their eyes meeting- sky blue and the rolling ocean gazing at one another in silence- until John smiled, leaning forward and capturing Sherlock’s lips in a tender kiss, moving gently across the pink petals and adoring Sherlock’s little giggle when he let out a puff of air, tickling his lips lightly from the vibrations.
Finally, after ages of agonizing silence on both their parts, Sherlock spoke, “that is-I- what you just said. That’s….good. While the Work is of the utmost importance, you are now a part of my Work." Sherlock finished with a determined nod.
Her eyes flew open, her neck stinging in pain from the prolonged muscle strain as she moved her head to see Mrs. Hudson standing at the door, hands on her hips and a disapproving glint in her, surprisingly sharp, eyes.
"J-John, s-stop" Sherlock demanded as John quickly straddled his lap while still naked and reached to tickle viciously under his arms. Sherlock positively shrieked with laughter, half-heartedly smacking John away, but as the detective could easily flip John off of him and did not, they both knew he secretly enjoyed the affection. John laughed along, adoring the sight of his detective completely at ease in his arms and happy, tapering off the tickles when Sherlock's breathing began to accelerate once again. Once Sherlock's final giggles had faded, he moved to get out from under his lover, but John tightened his thighs and held Sherlock captive underneath him. Sherlock gave up and flopped back down on the pillows with a sigh.
“Then possibly my answer has crossed yours,” Sherlock replied evenly, not backing down as Moriarty approached until they were standing chest to chest, stormy eyes staring into cold, black irises.
“Dinner?” John asked, glancing up to Sherlock who was sitting in his armchair studying bee cultures from Sussex.
Moriarty drew forward with a snarl, launching himself at the beast and causing them both to fall over the back of the balcony. The beast cringed at Sherlock’s cry when he fell over the side of the castle, and he hit the rooftop just below with a hard grunt, Moriarty landing just beside him.
“So, why is a doctor like you working in a GP position?” Michael asked, cocking his head to the side in confusion and reminding John of Sherlock’s mannerisms when he was stumped on a case…
Mrs. Hudson reminded Sherlock to be out of the bath within a half an hour when she returned to help her dress, and Sherlock grunted in reply.
They kissed sweetly for a moment more, before John began to trace Sherlock’s lower lip, seeking entrance. And Sherlock, realizing he never wanted to deny John, happily opened his mouth, allowing John to lick inside the warm wetness there, sliding alongside his tongue.
Since the first fateful night when John found Sherlock at his bolthole, crying from a breaking heart, John had been waiting for the right time to cement their physical relationship, wanting to give Sherlock time to be comfortable with the idea.
"Y-Yes John, I'm fine." Sherlock called, reaching over to wipe down his stomach and heaving abdomen, feeling giddy from the rush of endorphins and feeling as though he could solve a triple homicide in a minute.
The beast only smiled, having reached the rungs of the balcony, so close to Sherlock. He hauled himself up, standing just on the other side of the balcony and peering into Sherlock’s beautiful, changeable eyes. John never wished to see anything else, as long as he lived.
Sherlock tried to hide his face, but John laughed and grasped Sherlock’s chin, forcing him to look up at John with his glistening eyes and red cheeks on display, his embarrassment warring with contentment.
“Go Philip, this way” Sherlock commanded, pulling the reigns to the left and ignoring Philip’s nervous neighing. Searching his surroundings, Sherlock noticed that the farther they ventured into the forest, the darker their surroundings became.
Sherlock ran to the window, and only moments later his father was dumped unceremoniously into a black carriage resembling a spider, being whisked away, away from Sherlock.
But John didn't sound scandalized or disgusted, so he must be truly naive to Sherlock's actions, he realized with a relieved exhale.
“You do look lovely tonight, Sherlock,” the beast said sincerely after a moment, and Sherlock’s cheeks bloomed high with color, the beast watching hungrily as the blush dipped beneath Sherlock’s collar and cleared his throat in response to his inappropriate thoughts.
It had been two weeks since the talk Sherlock and John shared on the couch in the newly rebuilt 221B and everything was finally back to their brand of “normal.”
Once they had turned the corner to an empty corridor, Sherlock began to wiggle in John’s arms: “let me down, you brute” she demanded, and John acquiesced.
“I-do…. That is, do you like them?” Sherlock asked quietly after a few more moments of silence, and John had to clear his throat a few times before he could verbally respond.
She smiled softly, her teapot expression delicate, and she indicated that he should sit and tell her the issue. That was why John always appreciated Mrs. Hudson, she rarely treated him like a beast, rather, she treated him like the intemperate son she had never had. John's eyes stung for a moment before he pushed those thoughts away.
“I love you, Sherlock,” John whispered ardently, his hips rolling in complete motions, displaying his self control while Sherlock writhes on the sheets beneath him, trying to escape the overwhelming sensations and meet them at the same time.
“Turns out it was the history teacher, after all,” Sherlock finished, grinning at John’s snorted laugh. They ate in silence for a few minutes after that, just enjoying one another’s company, before John cleared his throat, calling for John’s attention.
“Go back to sleep, lovely,” John whispered, and Sherlock obeyed, closing his eyes and beginning to softly snore in the next moment. John gently kissed Sherlock’s forehead and tucked the duvet around his exhausted figure.
“So…. It’s true? I mean, you do love me?” Sherlock asked hesitantly, and John found himself mentally raging against people like Donovan and Anderson who made Sherlock feel like an unlovable freak.
“No John, you can’t sleep!” Sherlock yelled, softly shaking the beast, “wake up, John,” but John’s hand had grown limp across Sherlock’s face, and fell to the cold ground of the balcony.
love, I have to get you ready for me,” John placated, and without warning, thrust his index finger into Sherlock’s wet opening, tilting his fingers to rub against his sweet spot in the next moment and causing Sherlock to shout out in pleasure, his pretty face absolutely scarlet from mortification at his most private place being so on display and invaded as well as desire, for John to take his innocence.
," cautioning against disobedience with the low tone, but Sherlock shook his head wildly, his curls fluttering in the candlelight.
“Who do you belong to?” John asked lowly, his eyes glinted and his persona completely Captain Watson. Sherlock felt his slightly distracted arousal surging violently through his lower abdomen, his heart rate raising steadily as he anticipated the night before him with a jealous, authoritative John.
"What-" Sherlock began before turning over the tiny tea-cup, seeing an expression of delight on what can only be a little girl's face, with long eyelashes and cheeks that stuck out of the ceramic cup, highlighted by her cheerful countenance and smile, "hello there, who are you?" Sherlock asked politely despite his growing feelings of panic, remembering his mother's admonishments about the importance of always being kind to children above all others.
He was truly beautiful like this, John thought with an internal sigh of admiration: his lithe muscles straining to keep in his shudders of nervousness and arousal, his skin glowing alabaster in the dim light streaming through the partially closed curtains, and his large, violinist’s hands covering his growing need.
John bit down on Sherlock cheeks just as he increased the vibrations, listening to Sherlock fall apart once again, staining the pillow beneath his hips with his release. John leaned up, lying across Sherlock's back and rocking between Sherlock's cheeks, listening to Sherlocks pitiful moans as he clenched his cheeks to help create friction against John's manhood. John groaned deeply, carefully spilling between his lover's cheeks to avoid dripping on the corset in his fervent desire for the younger man.
“I’ll take the first watch,” he said, and John simply nodded and went over to her cot which she placed under an oak tree, finding the smell soothing. As she took out her braid and ran her fingers through her, admittedly, greasy hair, she thought about soft, dark curls twisting around her fingers instead. A phantom sensation, so real she could hardly breath for a moment at the enormity. She twisted her hands, mesmerized.
Sherlock arousal began it's final peak towards completion, his lips the same shade as his ruddy cheeks, his curls mussed. He looked utterly debased and debauched.
Sherlock's entire frame shuddered from where it lay sprawled on the couch, and he lowered his eyelashes to avoid John's penetrating gaze. With a shy nod, Sherlock stood up and began to walk to their bedroom.
It was like he was in a dream, moving unthinkingly up the pathway towards the gazebo, the plants appearing alive and well despite the fact they were in no way sheltered or enclosed from the winter chill.
John turned to Sherlock, his blue eyes dancing in the sunlit day, “and how have we been behaving today? No accidents?” He asked in a normal tone, as if the two were talking about what to have for dinner, and his nonchalance about Sherlock’s quaking need irritated the strung out man.
“Let’s put this on you,” she said, opening the corset and allowing Sherlock to step into it. She latched the front clasps and hold Sherlock to bend slightly and brace himself against the mirror.
Siger gave a hearty chuckle at Sherlock's shy mannerisms, and looked at him pointedly until Sherlock gave up with a huffed "fine, you win. I would like a rose, if you have the means to obtain one." Siger tilted his head in confusion at the odd request, but Sherlock made no further explanations, and returned to his reading, sipping his tea gently to ward off the chill.
Without a pause, John latched his freezing lips around the rim of Sherlock’s entrance, and began to push the ice cube uncaringly into Sherlock’s sensitive passageway, the flushed walls opening unwillingly against the melting ice cube.
He stared at Mrs. Hudson more a moment, and wished she could just read his mind so he didn't have to ask for the humiliating advice. She just watched him, an ever knowing expression upon her face, and John sighed, leaning his head into his paws to hide his face from her gaze.
“Absolutely no idea,” John responded, turning to look at Sherlock’s empty chair and feeling a sense of unease settling in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock was fantastically, unbelievably, mind-numbingly bored. The vapid men she was stuck with annoyed her within moments, she couldn't imagine a lifetime of conversations, balls, and shared chambers with any one of the men that were thrust upon her tonight.
The beast felt his lips tilt up in a grin, but grunted in an annoyed manner in response to Sherlock.
At John’s question, Sherlock thought back to a few days ago, lying on his back and panting for John’s cock to be filling him rather than the blue vibrator, to be completely at John’s mercy as he told him what to do, filling him up completely....
A mother was buying apples for her four screaming children, an old man was staring lecherously at a young maiden despite her stark refusal at his advances, and the regular sounds of dreary the marketplace surrounded John’s senses.
Mycroft realized where this was headed, and reached for his father, but two members of Moriarty’s network had already grabbed him, and were dragging him out of the mud, throwing him on the cold, wet ground.
The teapot hopped over, and looked up at Sherlock with a pitying expression, "I know this is a lot to take in right now, but the master isn't entirely what he seems right away. You just need to get to know him-"
“Watson, hey! There you are, John, come on,” Greg called, staring at John from down the hallway with a confused look on his face. He cocked his head and questioned, “what are you looking at?”
John felt at peace, but also untethered. He was raised in an old-fashioned home. He went to church, got good grades, dated pretty girls and went to college.
From what John could see, it was dirty and smudged, “unhappy marriage,” he grumbled to himself, but Sherlock heard and turned to him with a smile.
He marveled at the fine, black hairs falling away and the smooth, silkiness of his bare legs left behind it its wake. Then, touching up and down his legs to ensure he didn’t miss apart- and noting that his ankles were particularly difficult- Sherlock hesitantly began to lather his bollocks and thin trail leading to his manhood, beginning to shave that as well. With a shrug of his shoulders, he shaved his underarm hair.
“John, let’s stop for the night and set up camp,” Lestrade called, jerking John out of her fantasies. He was guiding his steed towards a clearing nearby,
And then, between one breath and another, between meaningless introductions and platitudes, she flayed John alive- deducing her injury, her station, and her vulnerabilities to a room of strangers, and to her King. And yet….
The ballroom had been cleaned for the occasion, and every chandelier was lit with gleaming candles that made the golden detailing and angelic artwork all the more visible. It also made Sherlock look that much more ethereal.
The pale haired murderer fell to the ground, blood leaking from the bullet hole in his forehead, his eyes glassy and empty.
John ignored the flutter in her chest at the feeling of Sherlock docile in her arms, even briefly. She was wading into dangerous territory, becoming familiar with the princess. John shook her head and raised her eyes to look at the princess.
“What…. Ice? Really John, are you going to put me in an ice bath?” Sherlock scoffed, propping himself up on his elbows to roll his eyes at John annoyingly, giving John a peak at Sherlock arousal lying on his abdomen, hard and aching.
“Yes, I think I realized how confusing it would have been for you shortly after you left. But Sherlock-“ John took his hand away from stroking Sherlock’s hair and reached down to lift up his chin, forcing Sherlock to meet his eyes, “I had no idea you wanted that with me. Anything. That’s why I always denied it when people asked, I thought you would hate people assuming we were together.”
Sherlock stared on with mounting astonishment, and the three castle resident’s gasped in tandem as John’s body began to spin, a glow surrounding John similarly to the shining light that used to encase the enchanted rose.
“Come on Sherlock, you need to eat dinner,” John casually announced, a smirk evident in his voice, beginning to push Sherlock’s unresponsive body towards the chair while Sherlock watched the midnight black dildo with growing excitement and apprehension fluttering in his abdomen, his arse clenching in nervous anticipation.
“Oh-Oh my God, it’s Sherlock Holmes and John Watson!” A girl, wearing a pansexual flag around her shoulders, yelled to her friend. The two men turned around upon hearing their names, and the girl waved at them frantically.
“It’s never quiet with you around, I grant you,” the beast replied; to which Sherlock graced him with a playful glare that caused his heart to quicken its pace.
“It’s in your eyes John, every time I mention something adorable Rosie did, or whenever I do something you find endearing despite your best efforts to separate yourself from me.” Sherlock announced, articulating John’s weaknesses to sentiment, laying him bare.
“You went on a date,” Sherlock noted absently, almost to himself, “there is a tea stain on your shirt cuff, and your pants are wrinkled with specific creases indicating you sat in a new chair, uncomfortable, so you went to a coffee shop. Probably the new one that just opened around the block from your surgery; so it was someone who works with you,” Sherlock fired off at a rapid pace, and despite his correct deductions, his tone grew more and more confused, his eyebrows drawing in together, and John had a sudden urge to press against the crinkle there to ease Sherlock’s tense expression.
