“Yeah, yeah”, Dean chuckles, “Good luck with him.”
Cas is clearly here to say goodbye, since he obviously isn’t there to do laundry.
“You’re a horny drunk.”
Slowly, Cas gets more demanding again, whispering orders into Dean’s ear, pulling him closer with a leg hooked on Dean’s lower back, and he obeys, getting faster and rougher with his movements. He gets his hand on Cas’s dick, working him hard and fast until Cas is squeezing his eyes shut and coming.
i'm feeling so sad already we're almost at the end!!! i've worked on this fic for so long, and i'm so happy i decided to put this out there because you have made many of my days with your comments and kudos, and they have helped me through some serious writing struggles. like seriously, we wouldn't be here on chapter 13 if it wasn't for you guys!! <3 so once again, thanks so much for your kudos and comments and messages!!
Jack’s eyes turn sadder, “But I wanna hear the song now.”
Jack is obviously still sick, so he gets sleepy much earlier than usual. He starts nodding and swaying as he starts to fall asleep in the middle of the episode, even with all the sugar in his system, empty ice cream cup in his hands.
Dean smiles a wide, proud smile when he does, “You teach Cas that while I’m gone, right?” Then, with a quick nod to Cas, he leaves.
“Ain’t that rational”, Dean mutters with a sarcastic smile, and turns back to the sauce, hoping that the conversation ends there. He has no idea why he started it in the first place, because he sure as hell doesn’t want to continue having it.
Jack’s started to drop their names from his vocabulary completely during the past months. The kid’s called him Dad more often than not, and it might’ve taken a hell of a ride to get there, but the d-word, surprisingly enough, is the word Dean prefers to be called over any alternative.
And Dean falls in love with him just a bit more, when he makes the air quotation marks around the phrase.
They tell Jack two days later.
“Free food and an excuse to let your kid go to a sleepover, I’m in”, Jody comments and her husband nods along.
Listening to the conversational sounds coming from Dean’s room all the way to the kitchen because Jack had left the bedroom door open, Cas waits for the coffee. When it’s done, he pours it into two cups before he can second guess himself.
Cas’s tone is so soft it feels like a warm, soothing touch when he speaks to Dean, “You’re not your dad, but you are one.”
Jack has his eyes open, his expression tired, but eyes curious when he looks at Dean tucking him in. He looks tired enough that Dean thinks he’s going to be fine without a bedtime story.
“Taking care of a child doesn’t require two adults at all times everywhere”, Sam elaborates, “Like right now, he’s at work, right?”
“Sometimes I would like to just quit my job”, Cas continues after a moment of silence and Dean turns to look at him, “I don’t hate it, but I’m not enjoying it either”, he keeps his eyes in the distance and takes another drag, blowing the smoke out, “And after this long, horrible day, I’m thinking about it again”, he finishes, looking at Dean.
“You’re gonna fall asleep. Leave”, Cas says, but gets comfortable against the other man again anyway.
“He’s sleeping at the moment, so we have to be quiet”, he says as he opens the door more to let the man in.
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say she was flirting with me”, Dean grins, attempting to joke, but it doesn’t land when Cas suddenly scoffs and pushes himself off the railing he’s leaning against, turning fully towards him.
Rebecca is
“I am enjoying the free booze my new coworker invited me to drink”, she says and takes a sip of her cup.
Benny glances somewhere on the other side of the yard like he’s checking something, before grinning at Dean, “Yeah, sorry.”
thanks! <3
After a second of taking in the fact that he just fucking said all that, Dean’s able to focus on the man in front of him again.
He considers it a win when he watches his nine-year-old run inside, and the clock on his wrist tells him they were only about seven minutes late. He turns to look at Claire on the backseat, telling her the next stop is finally at home. He has to start preparing the dough for the pie for tonight. If he does it now, he can start cooking after he has picked up Jack from the class.
The parking lot near the cemetery is almost empty, because it’s already so late. Cas parks his car near the entrance and gets out, silently making the familiar route to the grave. He used to come there a lot more before, sometimes to talk to her, but mostly just sit in silence, allowing himself to acknowledge the hollow feeling grief has left inside him, more real there by the grave than anywhere else. He’d sit there for a while, before it was time to go back home, and be there for a child whose mother’s grave you just visited.
“Ha! We’ve had both of those before, so”, Dean counters, satisfied with his proper argument against her.
He decides not to be too worried about it, Cas has a good-looking body, and Dean has eyes.
Dean falls on his back, next to Novak, laughing. The other boy is laughing too, more quiet but still, and it’s the first time Dean hears it, this close and with him.
“Fancy seeing you here.”
“Yes, Dean”, Cas rolls his eyes, “We can leave.”
“Doesn’t matter”, Cas mumbles, and as if to knowingly prove his point, Dean, on the other end of the apartment, is approaching a giggling group of women with his trademark flirty smile and with his arms wide open.
“And Cas too!” Jack says, asking Dean to give him a high five as well. Cas busies himself with cleaning up the toys, and Dean quickly distracts the kid by asking him if he’s hungry, which he claims not to be.
“Cas—”
“See you”, Cas says, way too late when Dean’s already out the door. He walks across the house to Jack’s bedroom and opens the door a bit to get a glance at the sleeping boy, who looks so tiny and relaxed under the dim light of the bedside table lamp.
“It’s not Jack”, Dean rubs a hand over his face, “It’s Cas and me.”
Jack gets excited at that, getting up from the floor quickly to be lifted to his chair. Cas notices Dean’s already set the table for three, when he makes his way to it after Dean and Jack.
He rolls himself from under the car he’s fixing and he’s met with Bobby’s assessing eyes on him.
That gets Jack’s interest. He runs to the kitchen to see what Eileen’s doing and to get some of that sugar in him.
He hears Charlie and Jo returning, and he jumps up from his seat on instinct.
“I guess”, she says slowly. Cas does his best to keep a neutral face under Charlie’s examining look, standing behind his reaction that felt a bit weird even to himself.
“Good”, Dean starts the car, trying to hold back a smile, “
“Yeah”, Dean agrees but not really.
“Oh my God”, Sam finally says, when Dean is done. “And you call
The medicine makes Jack cry a lot less, and he says he feels good when they ask him, even if he refuses to do anything else but be snuggled up with either of them on the couch, watching cartoons on the TV.
"Please", Dean rolls his eyes, shrugging it off. He asks about how the spell went down with the rings, and that’s distracting enough for his nerd brother to drop it, not that Dean himself is able to stop thinking about it.
“I’m not a dad, that's all.”
He notices himself leaning forward, he notices Cas leaning towards him and they meet in the middle.
“And eventually you’ll work too, so it’s not like you’d both be around at all times.”
“How about a slow and lazy day, huh?” he asks Jack. The kid answers by squirming so much Dean eventually lets him go, groaning as the kid lets an excited sound at the freedom, running away from him.
Cas tells him, calm like he’s talking about the weather,
Fortunately, he’s fully dressed and has Jack trapped at the kitchen table while he fixes himself something to eat, when Cas finally comes out of his room.
Jack gently takes the bedtime story from Cas’s hands and hands it back to Dean.
want it.”
Jo slumps on the chair next to the couch.
“Me and Jack are going to the store, you need—” he stops dead in his tracks as he takes in the view in front of him.
Jo looks thoughtful for a second, before she grimaces a bit, “Well, that makes the conversation back at the hospital a bit awkward.”
is it?” she asks, and makes a show of turning to look at her friend on the armchair.
“I’ve always liked books”, he eventually answers.
Cas enjoys the short break from the mess in his head, when he gives all his focus to Jack when the kid excitedly tells him about his sleepover at Sam’s, going into every little detail while jumping from topic to topic. Staying on top of all that really leaves no room for anything else in his brain.
“You are correct”, Cas says without looking up from the book.
Dean’s too drunk and confused to process information anymore, and Meg seems to read that from his short circuited expression.
“Thanks”, Dean chuckles, “The guys at the garage might’ve found the look a bit weird.”
“Shut up, you idjit”, Bobby rolls his eyes and gets up, folding the paper before dropping it to the chair. He waves the two to follow him, “Come on.”
after a drunken one night stand, and then just never call.
Cas lets his hand drop back against his side, “I can sleep there, if it’s—What do you think?”
Fuck. It was bad enough he was a fucking mess when they found Cas, but he was wishing Cas wouldn’t notice all that with the blunt force trauma to the head and all, saving him from the embarrassment of that.
He’s going for a joking tone, but the swallow at the end of his question, and the way he’s failing in trying to not drop his gaze anywhere below Cas’s chin, are taking the power off his joke.
“Shut up”, he mutters again, shoving the man next to him a bit with his shoulder. He shoves back.
“We’re not teaching him to eat in here”, Cas argues, “Don’t get used to this, Jack”, he adds, but plants a kiss on the kid’s hair. The toddler has fallen too deep into the TV to pay attention to either of them.
“I can handle him just fine”, Dean says, sounding snappier than he anticipated. He hasn’t had the best parenting day behind him, and it pisses him off that Cas is trying to have a conversation before leaving to his stupid date.
Two’s an audience. He’s already forming a lie in his head, but Jack drops the facts to the table before he can say anything.
After that, Dean doesn’t hate going to the laundromat
Because he’s drunk, and he’s in love, and the idea of kissing someone he cares so much about terrifies him, because Cas doesn’t feel that way about him. So he glares at the empty whiteboard leaning uselessly against the counter behind Cas instead.
Jo opens the back doors of the ambulance. “We’re ready to leave when you are.”
He sits in the silence for a moment.
“I ain’t taking those off for you”, he explains, because he’s too drunk and the comment Cas made earlier about them having sex is suddenly ringing in his head, and he’s too drunk to trust himself, but not drunk enough to just not give a fuck.
“Couldn’t have said it better myself”, he eventually says, shooting a grin at Cas, but paired with the cold eyes it just looks off.
Dean hands her the flowers, “If he’s anything like his mom back in the day, a grand entrance to a party would be very suitable.”
He avoids looking at it, because it makes him see red, but at the same time he can’t stop teasing Cas about the date every chance he gets, like now when Jack’s on a nap and they’re folding laundry together.
“Oh yeah”, he grins, “Had a good time.”
Mick says sincerely,
The expression on Cas’s face doesn’t change at all, like Dean didn’t accidentally almost open up about something he’s never discussed out loud ever. Cas just looks at him patiently, doesn’t push but waits if Dean finishes his sentence.
Bobby’s expression stays unfazed when he just gestures at the chair like he was waiting for this, and Dean sits back down. Dean rubs a hand over his face, trying to make sense into whatever’s flooding around his head.
He shrugs again, trying to hide his embarrassing insecurity by crossing his arms, “What if Jack thinks it’s weird?”
“Guess what, Jack?” he starts, going for a tone that would get the kid’s interest, “When Sammy was a kid like you, he would get sick too, and he would have to take medicine like you”, he tells.
Dean smiles down at the bump, “Hey, Jack.”
“I drink all of those things, so it’s a very useful mug then”, Cas hums.
But time is all they have, and with time, they get used to it, and some sort of routines are starting to form on their own.
It’s not even been a whole day yet, and while he’s angry with Dean and doesn’t want to see him right now, at the same time he already misses him.
Jack has every right to feel that way, because he’s fucking three, and he just wants his mom there. He deserves adults who are better at parenting than they are. He deserves someone who knows how to dress him up when it’s a certain weather outside, someone who knows when it’s time for a nap, or someone who knows not to put soap directly at his head in the shower or it will fall down on his eyes, and it will feel like the end of the world to everyone involved.
He only gets bits from her babble from here and there. “Jack thought maybe—and I had your number—"
“If you would be up for it”, he starts, looking up at Cas’s blue eyes, “It could be a thing that happens, me making you breakfast.”
parents seems like a step he’s not sure he’s qualified to take.
Dean takes his head out of the fridge, closes the door and lets his forehead drop against it, “Fuck.”
Dean parks the car and they walk upstairs. He commands Cas to the couch while he opens all the windows and the balcony door to get as much fresh air in as possible, but needless to say, the smell is still awful.
“Dude”, she gives him the look he was already expecting to get, “I know all your hangovers, and this is not your ‘I had fun time last night’ hangover, this is a ‘something’s wrong’ hangover”, she explains like it’s obvious, “So, what’s wrong?”
Cas joins him there a bit after he’s arrived, but other than a short greeting, they don’t speak to each other, the weight of their last meeting probably still heavy on both their minds.
He wishes Kelly was there.
“Cas…” he starts.
Just woken up, Cas has his guard down, and he suddenly drops his gaze to Dean’s lips, pink and full, the stubble around them visible in detail up close.
Castiel mirrors his expression which encourages Dean to turn his body properly towards the other man.
Dean can hear the smile in his own voice, there’s the sound of Jack laughing at something on the TV, there’s Cas with his arms around him.
Jack, with the tired pout on his face, crosses the room to the bed, throws Rebecca there first before climbing after her. Cas reaches to pull him up properly.
It’s hard to focus on any kissing because they keep smiling like idiots but they can’t stop either, because the kiss holds in so much they’ve both tried to keep away because they thought it wouldn’t be reciprocated.
She blinks herself awake and looks at Dean as he puts his clothes on. “Are you sure about that?”
“No, uh”, Dean chuckles, shaking his head, “Just me and Cas. You can keep your room, I’m gonna move from my room to Cas’s, because–”
, I am
She picks up the phone, “Relationship 101: there’s a lot between fancy shit and", she peeks at the screen, "a text message that says
Dean sits up and makes room for his husband. He looks down at Claire’s tiny t-shirt he has still in his hands and remembers the dinner plan. Fuck.
That stupid white board actually makes their life a lot easier.
And he would probably whine about it.
Dean shoots an annoying, victorious grin at Cas.
“Sam would close his eyes, and I would give him the medicine so quickly he wouldn’t even notice it”, he answers, and shakes the juice in front of Jack, “and then he’d sip juice after, and it wouldn’t taste bad anymore.”
Cas groans quietly but doesn’t have time to start an argument over it, because Dean’s focus is already somewhere behind him and Charlie. Cas turns around to see a man, who’s just arrived from behind the corner, walking towards them.
Charlie is smiling like she’s amused, but she doesn’t look like she’s making fun of Dean.
The heartfelt laugh that escapes Castiel’s lips and the look he gives Dean is worth cleaning off the melted ice cream from the seats tomorrow. Dean puts his arm around Castiel’s shoulders and pulls him close.
“Charlie told to check if someone’s here and tell them to get inside”, the guy informs casually before going back inside, completely unaware of the situation he just saved them from.
“I can see that”, Cas points out. The floor of the fort is covered in pillows from the couch, the Paw Patrol one from Jack’s bed, and the ones from Dean’s bed, and apparently from his too, when he notices the blue pillowcase he’s just changed. “Is that
“I’m gonna make him tell that to everyone.”
“You shouldn’t even watch TV with that injury.”
“I do”, Dean frowns, not really seeing Castiel’s point but waiting for him to get there.
Dean sighs. “There’s just some shit going on with–Cas, and I just…” he lets out a dry, humorless laugh, “Everything sucks at the moment. And I don’t want Jack hating me for it, because it’s not his fault I fucked up, but I know he…”
When she’s gone, Cas pushes the hand off his back.
When he pulls up to the front yard, he’s tired but he’s happy to see Jack again. It’s interesting how attached you get to a person that no matter how tired you feel or how many tantrums they throw, you find yourself missing them even after a day of not seeing them.
Cas gives Dean’s stupid little joke a smile so affectionate it causes Jo and Charlie to share a look, muttering something about them both being idiots under their breaths.
Cas doesn’t push it, like he never does when he knows Dean’s gonna say something but for his own stupid reasons just can’t right away. He just looks at Dean like he always does, patient and calm.
“And this is another thing”, Dean says, “I don’t mind him being shy, but he’s just straight up scared of people. I mean, you I understand”, he jokes, making some joke of his little brother's massive hair and tall features, “But he’s like that with everybody other than me or Cas.”
He escapes it by turning around to put the tools away, knowing his uncle will just stand there, patiently waiting.
“You’re missing him like crazy when you’re not here, aren’t you?”
“How has your week been?” she asks, as she motions the two of them to sit at the table, after guiding Jack to play with the toys.
Cas gives him a slightly confused look he’s unable to hide.
Sam raises his brows knowingly. “Just try not to spend all this free time crying over the kid, okay?”
“Wow, that’s specific.”
“Nothing bad happens, even if you let yourself relax for a moment”, Cas says without looking away from the screen.
He looks up to tell Cas just that. “Cas—”
“Would do good for him, if we invited people over”, he points out, nodding towards Jack.
Dean’s not sure if it was a question or just an observation, but he answers anyway. “Nope.”
Rowena turns her attention to Dean, giving him a once over. “And who is this lovely man?”
Cas finds what he’s looking for apparently, because he grabs the car keys and his sunglasses from the counter.
“I would rather stab myself than work with you”, Cas deadpans, “but you are better around people.”
“Whatever”, Cas rolls his eyes, but the smile is trying to creep its way back to his lips. He grabs his bag from the counter, “I have to go, see you later.” He waves goodbye to Jack who’s busy destroying the animal crackers Dean gave him.
“Only free night I got this week”, he says, even if it’s not true. He could probably switch with Cas, but he and Jack left the bedtime story in a good spot on naptime and he promised to read the rest of it tonight. Plus, he doesn’t want the hassle, “Take it or leave it.”
“Give me that”, he snaps at the other boy and snatches one of the paint brushes from his hands. He wipes his neck with his palm and turns to face the wall. The white paint on it has turned yellow over time, and it’s falling off from here and there. It’s ugly, and it’s not gonna get prettier under their treatment, so it’s clear this task is used purely on punishment purposes.
After one morning of watching Peppa Pig and Suzy Sheep build forts out of blankets and chairs, life has been all about forts.
“I’d describe it as beautiful more than boring”, Cas simply says, lowering his eyes to the kid in his arms, continuing before his words even properly hit Dean. “I think I’m gonna sleep as well.”
“My dads.”
“So, should I put it up like this?” Jo asks, looking at Cas, who nods.
Cas tilts his head in confusion, but Dean keeps his eyes on the sauce he’s stirring.
because that wasn’t embarrassing enough, “the blue matches well with your eyes.”
They give each other the usual silent treatment all through Jack’s nap time. After he wakes up and Dean fixes him something to eat, Cas keeps his distance from them, probably doing some work in his bedroom. It’s Dean’s turn to look after Jack anyway, so he doesn’t owe him any explanations.
“There’s always the guest room”, Cas smiles smugly, but it gets shyer quickly after that, “I already called my landlord that I’m ending my contract.”
“We’re—” Cas starts.
“Dude, come on”, Dean whines by the door, but he’s already crossing the grass to get to Cas.
Even if the design of the cake was kind of all over the place, the cake itself was very delicious. The birthday party goes on in the backyard, Jack shows Owen his castle while the adults enjoy the warm weather outside, eating cake and chatting with each other.
“Our machine has been broken for weeks”, Dean says, giving explanation why he is there as well, even though the man doesn’t ask, but just to answer something.
“Yes”, Cas glances up from the screen, at the horrified look on Dean’s face, “It’s very common with children his age, a very tiring but important step in his development. I read an article about it earlier.”
Dean and Cas exchange a look. Dean shrugs again. Would be cruel to chop the kid’s hair off if he’s a fan of the horrible overgrown look that makes him look like a tiny version of Sam.
Dean lets out a long breath, “Okay, so, Jack”, he starts, “You know we love you very much?”
“That’s stupid”, Dean says, giving his honest opinion.
“Oh, because you are always so nice to me?” Novak raises his brows and yeah, he has a point. The tiniest, playful grin is tugging at the corner of his mouth when he continues:
Castiel had moved into the city for work, and he lived somewhere nearby the laundry place. He had the luxury of having an own washing machine in his bathroom. Luckily for Dean, the company where he had ordered it from sucked at delivery and he had to use the public laundry room for now.
“Dean”, Charlie says, grounding him, “Let us do our job.”
Jack has
Dean sees blood on Jo’s hand when she lifts it from Cas’s head. “No, Cas!”
“Your family is nice.”
“He doesn’t know that because we’re”, Dean flicks his eyes away, realizing how dumb it’s gonna sound, “we’re, you know, sneaking around.”
Cas is still holding Jack in his arms, “I’ll take this child with me to the kitchen and feed him, and you”, he gives Dean a slightly disgusted look, “maybe use your child free moment to take a shower.”
“What?” Dean snaps, forcing himself to look at his friend.
“But what about Jack?”
They still share the house most of the time, for Jack’s sake, but barely. You can’t really say you’re living with someone if you avoid being in the same room with them at any time, let alone that you’d actually speak to each other.
“But it could be”, Meg counters with her evil grin, that’s way too familiar to Cas, and it usually means trouble.
The kid’s showing him a packet of hair ties and pins, which indeed are decorated with different characters from Peppa Pig, and Dean realizes what a huge mistake he’s just made.
if you want :)
Sam offers to help him.
“I don’t know, it was an article from somewhere”, Dean rolls his eyes. He’s not gonna tell Sam he read the article after Cas was done with it, “The point is, we don’t want Jack hating us because he doesn’t feel comfortable hanging out with you.”
He had felt enough alright, to be kissing the guy at their front door. Dean’s brows turn into a frown as he challenges Cas with his gaze, “Chill, I didn’t say you
“Nah, what brings you here?” Dean asks, tickling the kid he’s got trapped between his arms, “Cas’s car
He’s not twenty anymore either, he can really tell that now as he shifts his aching, hungover body on the bed, pushing himself to sit. He presses his hands to his temples, but it does nothing to the pounding pain behind his eyes.
Andrea chuckles quietly, glancing down at the empty beer bottle she’s fiddling in her hands. Dean’s pretty sure he’d seen them switch bottles when Benny’s was empty, but he doesn’t point it out, because it’s none of his business.
for him to forget about us?”
“No, the deal’s off”, Dean deadpans, pulling his hand away from Cas’s, “You lost your chance.”
! come say hi if you wanna <3
“Cas you
When Jack wakes up the next morning, Cas shows him the date of his birthday on the calendar they have on the wall. They mark it down with a star sticker so that Jack can look at it and know which exact spot on the calendar it is.
Cas wakes up before sunrise, drifting away from the sleepy bliss into the reality that he’s spooning someone. Not
“Go, I’m not stopping you”, Dean scoffs and pointedly turns around, opening the fridge as if he’s searching something from there. He feels Cas’s eyes on him for a second, hears him sighing deep before his footsteps tell him he’s left the kitchen, and eventually the front door opening and shutting tells him he’s gone.
Charlie sighs and shakes her head to herself, before looking up at Dean again, “Well”, she deadpans, staring into his eyes, “Do you want to be exclusive with Cas?”
He feels Jack step into his space, handing a bucket for him to fill. He takes it and starts to shovel to keep himself from crying. “Early this summer.”
The kiss under the mistletoe was nice. This kiss is something else entirely.
He can hear Cas following him, so before he reaches the door, he turns around to say goodbye.
The amount of effort it takes from Cas to look away, when there’s not even any alcohol in his system yet, can’t be a good sign considering the rest of the night.
“Yeah, yeah”, Dean shrugs, “Just wasn’t feeling like it, after all.”
“Jack fell asleep just now?” Cas frowns as he shrugs his jacket off, eyeing his watch and ignoring Dean’s comment.
“No problem”, Dean turns to look at Cas, “You sure you have everything? ‘Cause if you forget something, you’re gonna live without it for the week.”
“He’s out”, he gives a short answer, “Just you and me for the night, kid.”
“Yeah, sure.”
“Shame, it’s a nice change to your usual lumberjack look”, Cas mutters and Dean’s not sure if the man is mocking him or saying he looks good. Dean prefers his normal look over this stupid penguin outfit, thank you very much, but Cas looks gorgeous in his black tux, even if he would look more like himself with a messier hair.
“Not every person at this party wants to sleep with you, Dean”, he deadpans, clearly irritated.
In addition to general toddler things, there’s a whole bunch of other things Dean’s never even thought about.
Cas frowns at that, unbuttoning the top buttons of his shirt as he walks to the kitchen, and Dean follows him. “Are you mad that I came home?”
As time has passed, Dean’s more and more convinced it’s not a bad change. He’s exhausted even listening to Charlie’s explanation of the after party of the LARPing event she had been to last weekend.
Cas disagrees with him, because Jack has to eat before his nap, but if the fucking kid won’t eat, Dean can’t force him to, and he’s so tired the fact comes out of his mouth quite aggressively.
(See the end of the chapter for
The flash of normality felt so good Cas wants to hold onto it for a little bit longer, like a desperate person.
“You’re one to talk”, Sam says, “You
“Dad!” Jack shouts in excitement to get the man’s attention.
“Shut up”, he whines as a comeback.
Dean notices him adjusting the left sleeve of his shirt though, a thing he does when he’s nervous.
“Cas”, Dean chuckles, grabbing his wrist again, “I’m serious.”
Dean stares at one of the crying children on the cover. He’s barely dealing with this crap himself, how he’s supposed to be there for a toddler dealing with it. She was his mother for fuck’s sake.
Someone stops next to him while he’s digging through the bag where he stashed the snacks.
Cas lets his fingers gently run over the orange flowers, wondering how long they’ve been there. The bouquet looks quite fresh, so Dean’s probably been there the last time it was Cas’s turn to take care of Jack. He doesn’t know for sure, because they haven’t talked about it. They don’t talk much about anything.
The rest of the evening goes in a blur.
Dean’s browsing through the meat aisle, when someone suddenly greets him with a loud and excited “Oh my God,
He does remember the good time, and it brings a grin to his face, but he doesn’t remember her name. They met once, months ago, so he thinks he doesn’t have to.
He’s cut off when Cas leans down to shut him up with a kiss.
Dean frowns, and glances down to check the date from his watch.
“Yeah, we’ll be there”, Dean says even if the guy’s already heading back.
“I thought you were going to ask your cousin”, Cas says. She’s explained something like that to them earlier, saying it was a tradition in their family or something, but she doesn’t know her cousin that well.
He’s definitely not looking forward to seeing him, but they were so busy fighting in the morning that they didn’t exactly have a conversation about the child that they’re taking care of together, and how they should handle picking him up.
going on down south so it, really, was nice.
“I—” Cas starts, but doesn’t finish. “What else am I supposed to do?”
Jack just stares at Charlie, frowning. “That is Jo”, he says when they go outside again, pointing at the blonde on the other side of the backyard.
Eileen just shrugs and gestures Dean to go and see for himself.
Dean lets himself be pulled up from the barstool that almost gets knocked over when Cas backs them against the isle, pressing himself firmly against Dean, staying close even after a moment, when he leans back from the kiss for a bit of air.
The kids disappear the second Dean spends too much time picking the right kind of steak, but he finds them quickly as Claire accidentally makes a bunch of oranges fall to the floor when she pulls one from the center of the pile.
Dean just grins his most annoying grin as he grabs the fabric Cas offers and decides to drop it for the moment.
desperate.”
Novak actually
“Nah, you look okay”, he manages to shrug out.
draining one of you for the spell is enough, and I do not want to listen to two any longer. So”, she concludes, smiling, “I’ll kill one, take one with me.”
It’s Jack’s birthday, so he forces the thoughts away.
Dean flips the pancake on the pan, and it makes a sizzling sound as it hits the hot surface, “I guess. I have no plans.”
“It’s cool”, Dean says, and turns his gaze down to look at the hand in his for a moment, “I wanted to”, he chews his bottom lip a bit, studying Cas’s hand as if he would find the right words for this moment from his skin.
“I hope you find it worth it”, Cas wishes without looking up from his book anymore, “I’ll see you tomorrow morning, eight am.”
Dean was not prepared for the wave of affection hitting him at the image of Cas sitting on his bed. Of course, he’s seen Cas sit on his bed back in his tiny apartment, before he got a proper sofa, but this is different, this is his childhood room. Here, looking somewhere behind him and unaware of Dean’s gaze in the dim light, framed with the posters on the wall behind him, that Dean’s hanged up there years ago and never bothered to take down, he looks completely different.
my porridge?” he asks with the Papa Bear voice, frowning exaggeratedly at Dean, who looks like he’s gonna burst into laughter any second.
“What is it?” she asks again quietly with a smile on her voice.
It finally comes, a Thursday evening Dean has feared; Castiel doesn’t show up.
Leftovers on his plate, Cas sets his office to the kitchen table, opening his calendar to check some meeting schedules for the next week, when he hears Dean’s footsteps down the hallway.
The kid briefly glances at him, “Dean said it’s
While Jack goes through his mental breakdown and gets mad at his toys, Dean packs them lunch in a container and grabs Jack with him to the garage, where they keep the stollers. Once he’s figured out the belts and everything else that there is to figure out about strollers, they’re out and heading to a park near the apartment.
But Cas seems to do the same, the moments are brief and ignorable, but Dean notices them all. The way Cas places a hand on the small of his back when he goes around him in the kitchen, the way he sits a bit closer when they watch a movie with Sam and Eileen, the way his hand lingers on Dean’s jaw as he wipes some flour off his skin when they bake pies.
“That’s a relief”, Bobby says to Cas, “These idjits wouldn’t get anything done after that much sugar.”
“It doesn’t bother you, then?” Dean looks up and meets Cas’s confused eyes. The man shrugs.
Dean is dumbfounded for a second, just staring at Kelly, who is looking between the two of them, waiting for a reaction.
Jody locks her eyes with Dean’s and makes her way through the yard to the grill.
“You leave”, Dean whines, “I’ll stay here.”
After a ton of paperwork and signatures and bureaucracy, the thing that
Sam chuckles at his overly annoyed tone at that last part.
“I can assure you”, Cas starts, slowly dragging his gaze from Dean’s eyes to his lips, travelling all the way down his body, before looking up at his eyes again, “I’d last longer than you, anytime.”
It has been almost three weeks since the washing machine in their building’s laundry room broke. Not that Dean was a huge fan of doing the laundry in general, going all the way to a public laundry place to wash the clothes was extra shitty. And since Sam always found a way to be somewhere else when they needed clean clothes, it was usually Dean’s job to wash them.
But this isn’t
He cringes at himself a bit. Cas is silent for a moment, processing his words.
“I hope we’re not interrupting anything”, he says, noticing that they were working on something, before they arrived.
Dean is definitely not imagining that right now, as he can’t help but turn to look at Cas. The man notices him staring, and Dean raises his brows expectantly.
Cas just glares at him, “Just go get ready.”
“Wow! Look at these, Sam has the same”, Jack beams, turning to show the markers to Dean and Cas who are standing at the doorway.
“I’ll talk to Jack about the birthday tomorrow”, Cas says.
Dean is fine with all the distance Cas wants to keep.
He gets up during the next commercial break to grab a snack too, and to see how Cas is doing, but when he arrives at the kitchen he finds it empty, which is weird since he didn’t see Cas walk past the living room to his bedroom either.
“No, no, no”, Dean rushes to assure firmly. He doesn’t want Cas thinking that even for a second, “No. I’m officially off the market for anyone else but you, Cas, I don’t want–if you’d be–okay with that?”
All he can do is stand there, his body numb and empty like there’s nothing to pour out.
“No”, Jack answers, fortunately, “I missed you.”
His eyes betray him pretty fast, finding a different brunet further down the hallway, currently chatting with Meg.
“There is no relationship, because I never met him”, Cas continues with a neutral tone, “I have no idea what kind of man he was, I didn’t know him.”
“Yeah, kiddo”, Dean says, even if it suddenly feels hard to speak at all. “So much.”
“Give me that”, he grunts and puts on the first action movie there is on the Recommended for You list. They lean against the couch as the movie’s opening credits start rolling.
“Why? Why should I?” he barks, eyes hard even with the tears. “She is
Jack’s mood is instantly lifted and Dean’s relieved and sad at the same time. The kid pulls them with him, and the two adult men follow the four year old down the hallway. Halfway through, Jack sends Cas to search for the book while he’ll go brush his teeth with Dean.
Dean is secretly impressed. The nest was huge, and Cas
“Oh, right”, he echoes, “Yeah, always. Jack you gotta take it off.”
“He’s good”, Cas says. Dean clears his throat and Cas seems to remember his existence, gesturing towards him, “I came here with Dean, I’ve gotten to know Charlie through him.”
“You didn’t correct him”, Cas points out, and to Dean, he sounds confused more than anything else.
Jack looks so thoughtful for a moment that Dean fears he’s coming up with something difficult he doesn’t know how to answer. With his very four-year-old way of viewing the world, Jack leans against the armchair behind him and asks:
Jack’s voice is muffled against their shoulders where his face is pressed, but the words are clear:
“I am not judging if it is a conscious choice”, Cas starts, “but you’re still wearing the pins on your hair.”
he tells Dean, who tries to look casual as he browses through the signs over different entrances around the lobby.
“You know what the ring is capable of”, Cas says, more like a statement than a question.
Cas tilts his head, assessing Dean with his gaze. “I’m glad we’re friends.”
“Oh, I almost forgot”, Charlie rummages through her bag suddenly and pulls out an envelope, handing it to Dean.
“Do you even have proper food at your place?” he grunts, elaborating when Cas frowns at his sudden question, “Jack told me your cooking sucks, and honestly, he’s right.”
“Thanks”, Dean hums, sipping his beer. He shoots a warning look at Jack when he sees him standing up on the top, signaling him to be more careful. Dean shakes his head when the kid clearly notices his look, but decides to ignore it completely.
Cas frowns, “I didn’t sound tired.”
about it with the other person is where I’d start”, Charlie says, talking slowly.
“What? He’s my friend too”, Charlie shrugs, “Besides, I thought you’re past the whole ripping each other’s heads off -thing? It’s not like I invited you with the same piece of cardboard, yours is prettier, I promise.”
Since Dean got stuck with explaining the situation to Sam at home, it is already almost half past six when he walks down the street towards the laundry place from his car. When he is close enough, Dean can see Castiel standing outside. Dean notices Cas doesn’t have his usual laundry bag with him, and he is fidgeting like he is nervous about something. The blue eyes go wide like a deer in headlights when they meet Dean’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
The light on the backyard balcony is on, and without thinking about it, he goes to check what Cas is doing outside.
And then he’s out before she can give him her number.
“Remove that stick that’s up your ass, will you?”
But Dean’s fine with it, really, because he’s realized that there’s as many ways of being a dad as there’s Dads, and on a good day he’s starting to find it pretty easy to believe he’s not like his father was.
Cas gives an apologetic look at the men, again correcting the kid, “According to my estimations this box isn’t big enough to have that many, but I hope there’s some for everyone.”
Dean’s half asleep in the kitchen with a big cup of coffee, when Jack wakes up almost two hours later, running to Cas’s room to wake him up. The two walk down the hallway to the kitchen.
Dean’s breath on his face feels warm and welcoming, and he’s so close that for a second Cas is sure Dean’s leaning forward as well, but then the man drops his gaze, breaking the tension with an awkward chuckle.
They finish up with what they can do on the scene, before carrying Cas out. Benny and Mick stay behind to make sure there’s no risk for fire anymore, but Benny just nods him to go with Cas and the paramedics, when he tries to make himself stay.
Cas parks the strollers and lets Jack out before sitting down on one of the chairs. He’s expecting Jack to make a beeline to the toy box, but instead he grabs a book from the strollers, one at the top of the pile and hands it to Cas.
Now that they are ‘together’ they can’t really change the sleeping arrangement without it seeming weird, but so far it hasn’t caused any awkward situations. Seeing Cas next to him before falling asleep and seeing him the first thing in the morning feels so natural and good it would be scary, if Dean would be a reasonable person and actually think about it. Blissful ignorance has worked good for now, and Cas hasn’t caught him staring at him in the morning, so that’s a plus.
Dean is already disagreeing, but he knows he has to agree to get Cas on board. He doesn’t do it right away, just to build some more tension between them as they stand there in the crowd, having a staring contest. “Fine.”
“What do you have on Friday?” he asks.
The way Cas looks at everything and everyone like they’ve personally offended him and his mother gets an audible laugh out of Dean. It earns him the same look from Cas that everything else around them got.
Cas’s smile gets a little brighter at that, and they both take generous gulps of their cups until they’re both coughing.
Dean stares at Cas’s slumped, somehow small posture as his brain short circuits.
There’s a tiny shop that sells party decorations near their grocery store, and every time they’ve walked past it, Jack wants to stop and look inside the big window, fascinated by all the colorful decorations and balloons and glitter, almost pressing his nose against the glass.
“And I haven’t really, you know, thought about it, the night, when it—it happened.”
Dean sways them a bit and starts his singsong again when Cas doesn’t answer.
The man makes a considering sound, “I guess I’d leave you at the altar.”
That’s all the convincing Dean needs. He hangs up and nods Cas to follow him along, and they sneak their way upstairs.
“Are you
Cas had to smile his way through that even though, like Jack, he just wanted Dean there too.
“Well, maybe you shouldn’t make fun of Bobby’s coffee machine”, Cas counters and pulls him in for a quick kiss, “but if that’s the case, we have more at home.”
Cas doesn’t get further than giving him an irritated look, when Jack saves Dean from more embarrassment by getting up from the floor.
“Dean!” he tries to get the man’s attention, but he’s buried behind the hood of the impala, music blasting so loud he can’t hear Cas. He gets his attention eventually when he walks over to the speakers, unplugging Dean’s phone from it, making the music cut off instantly.
He just simply wakes up.
“Dude, you’re not looking so great”, his little brother comments on his tired appearance, “Jack not sleeping well or something?”
Mrs. Kline nods as more tears fill her eyes, “They brought him in too, but they didn’t tell us much yet—" she holds her hands to her face, shaking as she sobs.
They step into the doorway to the living room, watching the kid.
“Do you think—” Cas starts quickly, swallowing, “that we can go back to the way things were before?”
“I just always overestimate how much pie I can eat”, Dean shrugs and hands a plate for Cas to dry. “My stomach lets me down each year.”
People do that, it’s a common way of making the situation less cold and meaningless, he’s had people say that to him a thousand times if they’ve exchanged numbers.
Dean shakes his head, chuckling a bit, “I don’t mean to be a dick, but I
The other blonde lady, Donna, turns fully towards them and greets them with a wide smile on her soft face.
Cas just shoots him his trademark unimpressed look and leaves him there laughing.
The bar had gotten surprisingly crowded as the night went on, and Benny had done well with dropping him with a group of women before leaving home to Andrea. Dean grins as he glances to his left, at the brunette sleeping next to him.
kissing Dean after waking up from the couch burns in his gut more than actually kissing Mick.
“Huh?” Dean puts the dirty plate down, glancing at Cas, who is still absentmindedly wiping the kitchen isle, even if it’s already clean.
laugh”, he says firm and serious, and Cas just nods.
taught me a lesson”, Dean points out, when he figures out how to speak again, “Next time we’re home alone, we’re gonna make it all the way to the garage.”
This is so horrible.
“You like him”, she realizes, but sounding like she’s not surprised at all, like she’s stating something she already knows.
“Relax”, Meg says flatly, rolling her eyes when Cas doesn’t join her fun, “There’s a huge difference between our cases.”
Cas looks away until he hears his name.
She takes a sip of her beer before talking, “Benny is a really good guy.”
When Cas comes back home an hour later, Dean and Jack are making a puzzle on the coffee table in the living room. He sits down on the armchair, all sweaty and out of breath.
After what feels like an eternity, Cas blinks himself awake. His eyes stay unfocused for a moment, but after that he instantly looks behind Charlie.
Couple days later, Dean rolls himself from under the truck he’s fixing, when he feels his phone vibrate in his pocket. Bobby tried to make him stay at home after the accident, but he’s managed to assure him that the best thing he can do to take care of himself now is working.
“Bring yourself a fancier machine if you want”, Bobby grunts, glaring at Dean but he doesn’t sound like he’s actually mad.
Charlie’s finished with her coffee when he comes back fully dressed and ready to go, so she gets up, bringing her coffee mug to the sink while he waits at the door.
Cas is the first one to snap, just as Jack pushes his cereal bowl away from himself, loudly disagreeing with the fact that he should eat something to not be that cranky. In fact, they all should probably eat something and maybe take a nap, but Dean gives up for a second, and lets Jack out of his personal prison which is the kitchen chair.
That seems to get the man’s attention and he shrugs, “Yeah, he fell asleep okay.”
?” Dean barks, his annoyed tone making Cas snap his eyes back up.
Dean has a drunken smile on his face as he leans his back against the couch, listening to some story Jo is telling, about a party she’s been, or maybe she wasn’t there and someone else was. Dean’s not so sure anymore, the way Jo tells her stories is way too messy for him this late at night. The alcohol has made his body warm, heavy and relaxed. They found Bobby’s booze stash and got drunk surprisingly fast when they switched the beers for liquor and started with the drinking games.
Dean’s super close to calling Sam for legal help when he negotiates with the toddler, and he’s ready to live with mud everywhere if it gets the kid out of the bathroom, but as Jack examines Rebecca a bit more, he too realizes that the mud is inconvenient, and it smells bad.
In contrast to before, now he has a toddler who picks them up wherever he leaves them and who has a habit of playing with them whenever he finds them somewhere.
. He’s so used to seeing Novak here every summer he hasn’t even thought about not spending a part of his summer getting annoyed at the too serious boy who uses weird words and has the most beautiful eyes Dean has ever glared at.
Sam takes a quick peek over his shoulder to check if Dean’s already watching them. He leans towards Jack to speak quietly to him.
Cas’s expression shifts but just slightly, brows lifting as his eyes grow a bit wider. “That was months ago”, he says quietly, more to himself than to Dean.
Jack gets up as well and says he wants to get the football, but before either of them can do anything about it, he’s going across the yard to get it. Jody spots him there and holds her hands out, and they can hear her asking him to throw the ball to her. Jack considers for a moment, and it looks like he’s about to return to them, but suddenly he throws the ball to Jody, who catches it and throws it back to him.
There are tears in Dean’s eyes, drop after another falling down his cheeks. “What?” he shouts like an angry dog, that’s being held down.
His tone is light, but considering their conversation last night outside, it holds something more to it but Cas can’t figure out what. He’s thankful, nonetheless.
Jack doesn’t protest, so he lifts the kid up to the driver’s seat, keeping one hand behind him in the chair, ready to catch him if he falls from the seat. Jack barely reaches to the steering wheel, but when he does, his eyes light up instantly.
Dean can’t argue with that one.
When the bedsheet drops from his body as he sits up, and the cold air in the room hits his skin, he realizes he’s naked.
There’s a smile tugging at the corner of Cas's mouth he’s trying his best to hold away, but the look on his blue eyes is carrying something else entirely, something heavier.
The small gesture is apparently approved by Cas, when a small sound escapes his lips and he gets a bit more urgent with his movements.
“We don’t get much dads around here, so I guess it’s interesting”, she shrugs. Dean feels guilty for not correcting Jo about the dad part, but it’s not a conversation he wants to have with a stranger.
The only friend who Dean has ever talked about this with, even just a little bit, is Cas.
Dean doesn’t have time to come up with a good comeback, when his phone on Charlie’s hand starts vibrating.
Eventually Jack stops crying and starts to calm down in Dean’s lap, and slowly but surely he falls back asleep, his tiny face pressed against the crook of Dean’s neck. Kid’s got snot and tears all the way down on his chin and the front of his pajamas, making the skin on Dean’s neck damp as well.
His lips stop abruptly on Cas’s left hip bone when the man answers his question by reaching to pull something from the nightstand, and Dean’s mouth goes dry when Cas hands him a tube of lube.
But he also just
“When you slept with your roommate, how long did it take for things to go back to normal?”
“No”, Dean answers with a sneeze, “Just allergic to cats.”
There’s a
He’s been a bad enough date without starting to whine about his problems too. He’s pretty sure Anna hasn’t told Mick too much about the joint guardianship and all, so he doesn’t mention anything about it.
They give each other silent treatment over two episodes of Paw Patrol before it’s time for Jack to get ready for bed, and they have a reason for a new argument.
shorts for the bottom half of his look, with a t-shirt that has a pattern made out of sequins so you can switch the print from a heart to a star during the party.
His own fault, he had to work overtime again to keep up with the deadlines, he would’ve been too late even without his detour at the cemetery.
Dean closes his eyes again and tries to keep still to not wake up the kid before he’s decided if he’s ready to wake up himself. As he takes in a few, long breaths, he realizes that in addition to the weight on top of him, his right hand is trapped under something.
Cas of course signs the same papers, and they look at some of them together, but there isn’t much to discuss about any of it.
Cas raises his brows slightly, questioning.
“What?” Jo asks, joining the conversation. Dean points at Charlie.
“There’s some snacks Dean prepared for him, if he gets hungry, but he probably won’t”, Cas explains, “There’s also a paper with our phone numbers on it.
The rest of the Christmas Day goes as it usually does in their family. They eat so much they can’t anymore, then eat some more, sit together in the living room and exchange gifts at some point. There’s not really a strict schedule on their Christmas, which Dean loves. Studying, and working at the garage all year around, his favorite part about Christmas is the way everything just stops, his family comes together and he gets to annoy them and be annoyed by them so much it eases the moments he misses them like crazy.
Dean glances at Cas, “I think you gotta ask Cas that since it’s his bed.”
Cas raises his brows, bringing a hand to Kelly’s baby bump as well, “Jack?”
” in his earpiece. “So you can go.”
And that’s children’s TV shows.
It’s embarrassing, it’s not like Dean doesn’t do casual hook ups, because he does, but not with Cas, with Cas it would be huge, it would be important and not something he’d want to do sloppily while drunk.
“I think our relationship is past the whole ‘this was fun, let’s never see each other again’ conversation that people usually have in situations like this.”
“Hush now”, Donna waves a dismissive hand at Jody, “The wounds of my morning with a teenager are still vivid.” The conversation switches to older kids again, and Dean forgets about his little memory sharing.
“Is it the smoke?” Charlie wonders, putting an oxygen mask on the man.
“Dean!” Kelly spots him across the yard, waving a hand at him, “You made it!”
He turns to Cas, grabs him by the front of his tux and pushes him against the wall, sealing their lips together. Cas protests for about half a second out of confusion, before he gets in on the plan, bringing his hands to Dean’s waist, tilting his head to give Dean a better access to his mouth, and they make out for a few seconds until the light of the flashlight hits their faces.
“I’m Charlie”, the redhead introduces herself, holding a hand out for him to take. He shakes it quickly.
And for a second Dean seriously thinks he should just go for it, test the boundaries of this fake relationship they’re having, but he chickens out.
Cas wouldn’t be there if he didn’t have bad news to tell, and his fidgeting, unsure look fits the image perfectly.
Just like they had arrived, the guests left one by one.
Cas is standing in the kitchen alone, when Charlie steps in.
After that, he hands the phone back to Cas. Dean already hung up, because instead of the caller ID, there’s the picture of Jack in the backyard castle, holding Rebecca Rabbit above his head, that Cas has as his lock screen picture.
Cas hates grocery shopping in general but being at the store during rush hours with a toddler who doesn’t want to be there with you adds an extra layer to just how unpleasant it is.
“Guess who’s behind us right now?”
Sitting on that uncomfortable chair next to his hospital bed with his blood dried all over him, Cas looks like he’s done some thinking as well. Or at least that's what Dean's recently stabbed, pain medication filled body and brain wants to believe, when the man keeps staring him down and the silence around them stretches.
“What? Thought we’d have some kid free time together for five freaking minutes”, Dean shrugs, trying to sound nonchalant, “Guess not, then.”
involved.”
“I know what you’re going to say, Dean, so I’d rather have you not say it at all”, he says, hoping to end it there.
It takes him two hours to ask if it’s his birthday already.
“It’s your birthday this weekend, I thought we could celebrate early since you’re working then”, Cas explains quietly, “I just got so deep into the new painting.”
Which is why Cas is a little disappointed, when he sees Dean alone in the living room when he goes inside.
“I did”, Cas has to admit, “Thank you.”
“I don’t know”, Cas says, his tone getting harder too, “We’ll figure it out.”
“Yeah, okay”, Dean answers absentmindedly, his focus already elsewhere.
“You need some sugar in you, buddy”, Dean laughs and grabs the white paper bag Cas has put down on the picnic blanket.
“We’ll put it here, and it stays safe and dry until you’re done with the bath, okay?”
The three of them head to the living room where Cas is with Eileen and Sam. He gets up as they enter the room, holding out a hand with a small, polite smile on his face.
“That’s too bad”, Dean pretends to be sad as he leans towards Cas, pushing his hands higher to slide them under his shirt when he leans down for a kiss, “Maybe you should teach that asshole a lesson.”
There’re toasts, eggs, fruits and all kinds of other things left from Christmas brunch Dean managed to find in the fridge. He loves cooking, but the fact behind the tray full of food is simply that he was panicking about last night and trying to avoid coming back upstairs for as long as he could, hence the fancy breakfast.
He stops shifting and looks at Cas, only a silhouette of his profile visible in the dark. “Why do you ask?”
He can feel how stiff Cas is under his hand, shaking a bit, probably out of anger. Dean’s happy they’re in a room full of people, the man probably would’ve ripped his head off already.
They stay close to each other after and Dean notices he’s brought his hand to Cas’s arm, but he can’t make himself to remove it.
Cas doesn’t have time to elaborate what’s happening, but Dean would guess he had two eager sous chefs climbing on the kitchen counter while his attention was elsewhere.
“Yeah”, Dean agrees, and his voice is rough, something heavy in his throat, “Yeah, it was.”
Dean used to be a man with a free will, a king of his own life, really, no one told him what to do. He has a Netflix show on pause in the living room.
The trip to the store goes by just fine, even though the kiss is a massive, silent thing hanging between them. They grab the things Bobby sent them to buy, Dean grabs some beer, and the first conversation between them happens at the small candy aisle.
“I’m sorry for your loss.”
“It’s just wood nailed into each other, really”, Dean says, and from the corner of his eye Cas sees him looking down at his feet.
Dean’s taken aback by the sass in Cas’s tone. He puts the folded bed sheet in the laundry basket. “Yeah, you’re a real Casanova”, he mocks with an easy smile when he gathers himself, “Where did you meet this
“Wait—" he says, “Cas is—not my boyfriend.”
“Oh, okay”, Cas says, adjusting the hem of his shirt to give his hands something to do, but not making a move to go outside. He glances out the window where Jack, sitting on Dean’s lap, is ripping open a present from Jody and Owen.
Mick looks at him, smiling, and Cas returns the expression as the conversation moves on. Cas is doing his best to focus on the moment and enjoy it. He does a surprisingly good job at it as they move to more interesting topics, and time flies as Mick is telling him about his current research project at the university.
“I’m feeling like Never have I ever”, she says as people take their seats.
“Screw the oven, Cas. You’re the one that matters”, Dean says, his voice thick with something again, “We’ll buy a new one, don’t worry about it.”
By some goddamn miracle,
Dean starts, matching Charlie’s funny tone, “We–haven’t told him.”
Jody seems to notice that, the way she looks at Jack before glancing at Dean. She quickly claps her hands together, shooting a smile to the small boy.
After that, he finally looks at Cas, too late to see if he took a sip of his drink or not. The man doesn’t meet his eyes even though he has to be aware of Dean’s staring.
“Am I supposed to feel this awful about leaving this child here?”
He remembers having a conversation about this with Kelly once, on some random afternoon when he dropped by on his lunch break to grab a cup of coffee with her. But it’s one thing to name a guy on paper for a thing that should never happen, and then have exactly that thing happening.
“I don’t know”, Cas answers, “Luck and the benefit of a right timing.”
“I think Cas hurts too”, the kid suddenly says as he puts the band-aid on Dean’s foot, continuing before Dean can make himself ask about it.
“Neither of us is seeing anyone else”, Dean points out as he picks the loose thread from the armrest of the chair.
“I hate that game”, Dean complains like he always does, as he joins the others from the kitchen, two cups full of booze in hand. “We’re not fifteen anymore.”
Dean’s surprised to find Cas awake already, the other man’s hunched, sitting form catching him off guard.
The clues come very clear when Jack wakes up from his nap a bit too early, crying. Dean is there before the kid can climb out of the bed, scooping him up to his arms, noticing right away that he feels warmer than he usually does.
Dean ignores him, keeping his eyes firmly on the news article he’s pretending to read, but he’s forced to look up when he feels Cas’s demanding eyes on him.
“Oh”, Dean breathes, reaching to take them off. He removes two of them but misses the third one.
Dean’s hands are restless, wandering around Cas’s body like they couldn’t stop until they’ve mapped every inch of his skin, from the strong biceps to the collarbone, and down at the skin of his sides, feeling the muscles twitch as he grazes his fingertips there. It’s like there’s so much he wants to do to Cas, he can’t make himself choose where to start. He whispers the question against the skin of Cas’s stomach when he trails kisses down there, hands sliding up and down the strong thighs Dean never thought he’d see up close, like this.
Cas assumes the rules of complete silence are not applicable at this part of the library, and they’re the only ones there anyway, so he takes the book Jack is handing to him and lets the boy crawl to his lap.
to keep an eye on Jack who refused to stay in the cart but instead wanted to walk like ‘big kids do’ apparently.
Yeah, they’re kinda hiding this from their kid. Not even kinda, they’re really keeping it a secret. It wasn’t intentional per se, but they just never discussed it, any of it, really.
and that's it :)
of all people would be normal about this”, Cas says, and it earns an incredulous look from Dean.
“It’s about what you do, boy. Your old man made his choices”, he explains, “so choose better.”
“What are my eyes seeing?” a sly voice asks, getting their attention.
“I know I’m an ass, okay. I know you know that too.”
Even the
“I’m almost done”, he says. Cas is about to pull the shower curtain closed, but instead of leaving, Dean steps closer. His eyes are wandering down on Cas’s body that’s fortunately mostly hidden behind the shower curtain.
When they get to the bedroom, Jack sits them down on the floor in front of his bed before climbing there and assigning roles to each.
They spend their day there all the way to naptime, and when it’s time to leave, Dean packs Jack and their stuff back in the stroller, taking a detour home to get Jack to fall asleep along the ride, like a regular parent.
Cas is about to put the phone away, but Jack stops him by holding his hand out again.
The touch of Cas’s lips against his is brief and gentle, something you could easily miss if you blink, but it still manages to set a fire in every nerve ending in Dean’s body. It would be embarrassing, if Dean wasn’t busy melting the last bits of his brain that’s still left inside his skull. Cas leans back a bit, but he lingers in Dean’s space, blue eyes glued to his, so bright and beautiful, and before Dean can stop himself, he’s licking his lips quickly, and just to return the gesture and nothing more, Dean presses his lips against Cas’s, with a bit more pressure to it, but still gentle.
Call him desperate and in love, but he has to give the laundry place another chance. Who knows if Castiel was sick or something, and hence didn’t show up last week? He doesn’t want to accept the fact that Castiel would just not say goodbye, which is ridiculous. The guy is just someone with same washing schedule than him, he doesn’t owe Dean anything.
And if it isn’t shitty enough as it is, they have to see the damn shrink. She sees through them the second they arrive at the first appointment of the few they have to suffer through.
A day later Cas drops Jack off at Sam’s and when Dean’s free, he’ll pick him up again. He hands Sam a tote bag with Jack’s food and some toys in it.
Something flashing on the screen catches Dean’s attention, and he turns his gaze back to the TV, aware of the weight against his side the whole time.
Dean frowns, and glances at the man on the terrace stairs again. He’s looking at their direction but quickly turns away, chugging his beer. “What makes you say that?”
“He’s just being protective”, Cas assures, “But you do have my number too, if he doesn’t pick up.”
it ‘was your birthday a week ago’?” Dean crosses his arms, pointedly turning to look at the man next to him. “Nice try, but I cooked.”
The man sighs deep and looks up into Dean’s eyes.
“I don’t want to be responsible for you murdering some innocent people”, he shrugs.
Cas looks as good as he did when he left, except for his hair that is slightly more messy than the clean look he had left with.
Jack squirms so much that Dean lets him go before he accidentally kicks off his towel, and the kid runs away as soon as his feet touch the ground.
It’s been a while since he’s done either of those things but having a kid will do that to you.
that.”
Jack has zero chill when it comes to his toys not working the way he wants them to, but fortunately he continues his play when Dean hands the toy back, after removing the sand that kept the wheels from moving.
“Good job!” Dean beams, “When you get better, you can tell Sam all about it.”
“His handshake wasn’t exactly friendly.”
Charlie exclaims, leaning forward again. She looks slightly amused, “How does he
He focuses his gaze on one of the cardboard butterflies taped to the wall, probably there to comfort kids, but they’re doing their job surprisingly well for Dean as well.
“You need to be more careful”, Cas says, a worrying frown on his face as he stares at Dean. Is this man here to provide him a fucking headache on top of all of the stabbing he had to go through?
A few days later they’re at the store, when Jack bumps into Dean when he’s walking behind him. Could be just because Dean stopped so suddenly, but as he looks down at the kid pushing his hair away again, it reminds Dean of the conversation they had earlier.
Sam is leaning in to give Eileen a kiss, that turns into a mini make out session, when the others are busy listening to Jo. They probably think they’re being really sneaky, but Dean makes loud, disgusted noise to get everyone to look at the couple.
Dean can hear his brother’s deep sigh on the other end of the line.
“No!” Dean tries to shake her away.
“Yes, I understand that, but Dean”, Sam sighs, “You don’t have to spend every waking second together with him.”
He was thinking about it constantly during the day, so he forced himself to say it out loud as well. Talking about Kelly hasn’t gotten easier, but he’s trying.
The waiter puts drinks in front of them. They take sips in silence, until suddenly Cas comes up with an idea. He’s eyeing a small group of people nearby them, listening to their conversation.
Dean’s starting to regret the last few drinks, especially the ones he’s poured for Cas, who’s currently leaning heavily against his side, struggling to get up the stairs.
“Wow”, Dean admires, “That’s the coolest race track I’ve ever seen”, he praises, earning a wide proud smile from Jack. “Good job.”
It’s probably awkward, the way they just stare at each other in the silence, but Dean can’t care about that. He’s still a bit shaken from the scene before.
Cas blinks himself awake before Dean spends all his power trying to rip himself off the powerful hold he’s under.
Jack keeps Dean busy enough that he doesn’t think about Cas, or his stupid date all evening, but the unexplained sour mood is back as soon as he closes Jack’s bedroom door behind him after the boy has fallen asleep, still soaked Rebecca Rabbit wrapped in towels tucked under his arm.
Charlie cuts him off, standing up, “but just talk to him, okay?”
Cas shoots a hungover but loving gaze towards a big mug of coffee in the middle of the tray, because of course that’s the first thing he spots there. He takes the tray Dean offers and places it next to him, on the space Dean was sleeping on earlier.
“Fixing that piece of crap was enough?” Dean laughs, quietly that the kids upstairs won’t wake up.
“What?” he asks, walking over to the toolbox to throw the tool in his hands there.
“As I mentioned on the phone, we’re here to discuss the guardianship of Jack Kline”, she answers, and opens some files in front of her, “Given that Kelly was a single mother, there’s not another parent to be a guardian for him”, she continues, eyeing the papers, “On cases like this, we want to work quickly to avoid short period placements, and see if there’s a family member to take care of an orphaned child.”
“We haven’t established shit, he’s jumping to conclusions”, Dean corrects, nodding towards Cas before gesturing at himself, “I am obviously the fun dad, just look at me.”
“Good morning”, he says anyway, keeping his back to Dean, sitting awkwardly at the edge of the bed, hands resting useless in his lap now that he’s put his clothes on.
that’s a weird name”, he comments, when Cas finally gives him some information, “Where did you meet him?”
With another quick kiss goodbye from Cas, Dean heads back inside.
kind of cry, but the much more horrible one, the hopeless, sad cry.
into dean cas is though?
voice definitely fits well.
“He’d better”, Dean says and ruffles Jack’s hair before getting up. “There’s that tasteless chicken and some leftover pasta in the fridge if you get hungry.”
“I’m not drunk.”
There’s just something in libraries that whenever they go there, both him and Jack are completely forgetting everything else around them other than whatever books they’re going through at the reading corner.
He’s wanted that for so long that right now, in the hours so late at night it’s basically morning, he wants to give in, lean in, one hand against the cool surface of the kitchen isle, the other pulling Cas by the neck, and simply just press his lips against Cas’s.
She gives him a warm, but stern look, “Do it anyway.”
There’s a short brunette smirking at them from the kitchen door, “What are you doing here all of a sudden?”
“What’s on your mind?” Cas asks at night, when they are both still lying awake in the dark of the bedroom and Dean’s shifting and shifting, trying to find a comfortable position on the side of the bed.
“Why is he
Unfortunately, for once, after snack break Jack is content with playing in his room with all his toys that, according to him, have probably missed him during the night he’s been away. It leaves Cas with no excuses to avoid calling Dean.
He’s missing Jack even more than he did last night at the party, but he feels like he deserves it, that spending the night alone in his own misery is a good punishment for all his stupidity.
“Yeah, it’s done”, Sam confirms with a smile.
Novak’s
With that, she leaves them alone and heads back to the party.
“It’s completely fine, if it feels like too much sometimes”, Hannah points out, and goes on about sleeping arrangements that could work or some shit. Cas is paying attention, so he gives himself a moment to zone off, watching Jack play with the toys instead, calm as a baby koala for once.
“Look at our kid eating and mingling with the people”, Dean says jokingly, but there’s a hint of pride in both his and Cas’s eyes as they look at each other over the child.
The kid just looks at Dean with a confused expression, not understanding their jokes at all.
“The one that Jack spilled the sauce on?”
“I know you must hate what happened", he mutters, "but if eventually you’re able to look past the mistake made in the heat of the moment, I just want to be—”
“Having your sexual orientation tattooed to your face does sound convenient”, Cas says to take part into the conversation, “But then again sexual identity can be fluid or build up to be something else in the future, so it might not be the best option.”
It’s not only Jack Dean’s gotten better at reading.
Sam and Eileen shake their heads, and Dean heads towards the doorway, Cas following him.
“Told you”, Dean smiles, before yawning. “Should we sleep?”
“What?”
“Cas”, he starts.
at that, and he looks damn cute doing so.
is not there to read a story only
And there it is.
“Good. Raincheck?”
but you really do, don’t you”, she concludes, pleased.
The kid’s tone gets slightly hesitant when he continues, “I want all of us to read the story.”
He fiddles the keys in his hands. “What time should we meet at the hospital tomorrow?”
Turns out they had to move the barbecue a bit, because they didn’t have enough time to plan it in a week. That gets them into the first fight since they more or less moved back into the apartment again, but it doesn’t feel like the end of the world, like fighting used to feel.
“No, I just
He was so blacked out by fear when he saw Cas there, blood on his head, that it’s just slowly coming back to him now.
There’s the Peppa Pig disposable plates – Jack had made sure Rebecca Rabbit should be on
Cas works until Jack wakes up. He goes to fetch the kid, who patiently waits on the bed, still blinking himself awake when Cas steps into the room. Jack curls against his hoodie, wrapping the laces from the hood around his hands.
Jack shouts, prolonging the vowel all the way from the living room to the kitchen, “It’s stuck!”
sets off some adjacent thoughts he’s
“I wish”, he says, his drunken body splayed on the couch next to Dean. He takes a sip from his glass, rolling his eyes, “Dean was just being annoying.”
Actually, maybe he
Dean’s not the type to whine about his problems, but he can’t help the words flooding out of him when Sam asks.
Charlie looks taken aback by his loud words, and Dean should probably apologize and explain, but he doesn’t want to talk about it, he never does.
Dean’s so taken aback by it that he drops his hand off of Cas, but at the same time it feels so natural he lets himself be pulled into it, moving his lips to meet the soft movements of Cas’s.
Jack runs back from his room, promising that he’d put all the toys in their right places, which Dean highly doubts. Dean flicks his eyes at Cas and makes his decision for him by wordlessly grabbing the third plate.
“Or what?” Rowena looks at him like he’s ridiculous, closing her hand into a fist as Cas groans louder in pain.
He steps out and closes the door behind him, and he’s free from this mess of a situation for the next two days. Somehow it doesn’t feel good like the freedom of it probably should feel.
Dean’s quick to wink at him. “Raincheck on those friends?”
He knows what she would say to him. She’d tell him to apologize to Cas, he’s lost count on how many times she’s had to tell that to either him or to Cas. They made fun of her being a mom already when she’d told them she’s pregnant. She had made a joke of them being all the practice she could need.
Cas waits until she’s disappeared around the corner and drops his hand from Dean’s. Dean shoots him a thankful grin as he lets out a breath.
He’s dealt with kids getting the sniffles before, Sam used to get sick sometimes like everyone else, but his brother was already a bit older when those times landed on Dean’s shoulders to take care of. Jack’s a toddler, who doesn’t have the same tools to tell him how he feels, like Sam used to.
“When’s the last time you slept well?” his uncle asks, frowning as he looks at him from head to toe.
“Sorry”, Cas whispers, but his face breaks into a small but genuine smile, and suddenly Dean realizes he’s smiling back just as genuine. Jack tugs at the collar of Dean’s shirt, but he barely notices it, because in this second, it almost feels like they're a family again.
“This”, Cas repeats, waving his hand towards the ceiling, “This holiday, this Christmas.”
“No”, he says and snatches the knife from Cas, “Do
“Don’t sound so sentimental, I’m still the same asshole”, Dean whines. He’s wandered to the kitchen while he’s been talking with Sam, and realizes he’s staring at the picture he and Jack were watching earlier. He decides to tell Sam about it, just so he can share the awkwardness, “but, uh, something weird happened earlier.”
The next meeting with the shrink goes kind of like the previous one, her being all understanding, trying to give them tips on how to survive, reminding them to be gentle towards themselves and each other, and give it time. Which, in Dean’s honest opinion, is the shittiest advice he’s ever heard from a person who’s actually trained to that shit.
It’s a miracle Jack hasn’t woken up from his nap by the horrible noise Dean keeps making in the garage. Cas texted him to keep it quiet while Jack sleeps, but he was left on read. If anything, Dean’s work has gotten louder, and compared to the silence of the kitchen it eats him inside when he tries to produce anything on his computer.
“I think you just made his entire week”, Dean chuckles, “I don’t think he’s leaving anytime soon.”
Charlie’s the last one left, so she’s helping Dean clean up around the backyard when Cas takes Jack inside with him to go and eat something.
Cas drops his tote bag and walks past him to the fridge to help with setting the table, handing stuff to Jack who carries them to the table one by one.
Jack frowns, not convinced.
”, Sam says.
Dean closes the door and carries the steaming pizza box straight to the living room without bothering to take a proper plate or cutlery from the kitchen. He ignores the messages from Charlie, who’s spamming him with gossip messages like she always does after a party, and a call from Benny.
“You’re– in love with him, aren’t you?”
“I guess I thought so too”, Dean hears himself admitting when he turns his attention back to the screen to continue playing.
Mick returns the kiss, a soft brush of lips against his.
“But—”
Every time Dean thinks maybe
“Jack’s sick”, Dean blurts as a hello, “I think. This is the first time he’s like this.”
She gathers herself, “You know, you two find a way to twist even the simplest things to another level completely. And it probably is what makes you two perfect for each other”, she says, “Why haven’t you just asked him?”
“No, wouldn’t dream of it”, she smirks, giving him a once over while holding his hand, “You kids have fun, I need more booze anyway.”
The shrink has gone through this all with Jack, so on some level he knows what has happened. She gives them some general instructions for the situations where this shit probably will come up, handing some flyers with sad kids on the cover.
Aside from the tableware, they had gotten party hats, decorations for the tables outside, ribbons to hang around the house and the backyard, balloons in every possible color and a huge, golden balloon shaped like the number four.
“Claire!”
“Take your jeans off, you’re gonna regret if you sleep with them on”, Dean instructs as he removes his own. He’s struggling to stay up as well, but he’s proud he’s at least still able to stand up, unlike Cas who’s on his back, trying to fumble open a simple belt buckle.
kinda guy. He doesn’t know Cas that well, other than what he’s learned about him by running into him during hunts. What he does knows is that the man is determined to go by the book, following a clearly laid out plan, always.
Cas just stares at him, eyes flicking between the charming smile and the paper bag Mick’s handing towards him. He’s staying quiet too long, and Mick seems to notice that.
“Dean”, Cas starts as Dean’s getting more anxious, pacing around the room.
“You don’t have to.”
dad, that’s for sure”, Charlie states when she joins them on the couch, sitting down next to Cas, who scoots closer to Dean again to give room for her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas has his eyes closed, and Dean doesn’t have the heart to wake up the other man, and it’s not like it’s uncomfortable letting Cas sleep there. Dean allows himself to look at Cas for a second, the peaceful look on his face, eyelashes resting against his cheeks, lips a bit parted as he breathes.
The drive to the hospital goes in a blur, and it’s only when he arrives when he remembers to send a message to his boss about an emergency, even if he doesn’t care if he’s fired because of this.
Dean thinks they’re the cutest pair of nerds every time he sees them walking to or from the library, their tote bags full of books.
“But?” Sam asks, of course. He’s almost as annoying as the shrink.
“I didn’t—” Dean starts, before scoffing as well. Of course Cas is jealous of her, and Dean needs to get a grip of his own jealousy before it boils over. He takes a step closer, “I didn’t mean that.”
Dean looks at the calm expression on her face after she’s dropped the bomb. He glances at Cas who, by the frown on his face, is also processing the information.
“Okay”, Jack says again, his smile unwavering as he’s already sliding down from the chair, but Cas stops him.
Cas decides to take another route instead, taking in a deep breath, “I’m just tired.”
“Cas!” Jack exclaims when Cas lifts the blanket a bit to peek inside.
“I’m just assuming you’re going to do something that takes the whole night and maybe the day after”, he explains when Dean looks at him with a questioning look.
the best”, Dean grins.
“Yeah, well, Jack drooled all over it earlier at nap time, so you ain’t special”, Dean jokes, tone easy as it usually is, but there’s something weird in the way he looks at Cas. If he didn’t know better, Cas would say he looks affectionate. They’re under a blanket, so Dean must’ve put it over them while he slept.
“Good, because I wasn’t asking for your permission!” Cas snaps. He’s standing so close that Dean can feel his angry huffs of breath on his face. Cas lets out a few of those, eyes dark as he stares Dean down.
He grabs more popcorn for support, eating a few before continuing, “So, whatever happened after Jack’s birthday party happened, right?” he starts, not going into the details of that, because he
They haven’t been hostile towards each for a while now, but Dean’s thought that’s mostly because they’ve avoided each other. But there’s no denying that Jack cares about them both a lot, and it feels relieving to know that Cas seems to think about it like he does. He would never admit it out loud, but he’s damn happy about Cas’s suggestion.
“Thank you”, Cas says, sitting down on the blanket.
Dean turns around, walks over to the fridge, and grabs one of the sugary juices he usually allows Jack only to drink when they go to the park, because the kid would drink them twenty four seven if he’d allow him to. And if you think giving your kid constant flow of sugar is good for anybody in the nearby area, it’s not.
Dean is met with a soft look from Cas.
“I’m saying this to give you an out, if you want.”
He clinks his beer bottle against Castiel’s.
He shakes his head a bit at that, when he realizes how many little things like that about Cas he has stored in his brain without even thinking about it.
“Aw shit, I forgot my notes.”
“You did a good job with that”, Cas compliments, “You have a very soothing voice.”
“I must say, Charlie, that wasn’t a pleasant experience”, he says, siding with Dean.
“They don’t know what they’re missing.”
“Hey, at least the hair on his face ain’t a problem anymore”, Dean points out, but his authority is crumbled to pieces with the colorful hair pins on his head, “Problem solved.”
“He’s not—” Cas starts, tone frustrated, “—mine.”
“Nothing”, Dean answers, staring back with hard eyes. It’s difficult when the look Bobby gives him is softer, worrying.
Dean’s getting frustrated.
Dean hums at that, “Why are you home already then? Thought you would be out all night.”
As Cas turns around to get himself a cup from the shelf, Jack climbs on one of the barstools to grab Cas’s phone from the kitchen isle.
“Because she doesn’t have the rings”, Cas explains for her, earning a wave of purple light shot at him, making his face twist in pain, as she curls her fingers.
Not if Cas only wants to, when he’s drunk.
He’s been on his phone all morning, which is unusual for him. He puts it down on the kitchen counter for a second as he writes his name on the board. They don’t use it as religiously as they used to, but they have written work shifts and important things down there, so it’s one of the two, probably work.
Someone rings the doorbell, which is unusual because they never have guests. Dean is in the shower so Cas makes his way to the door, having no idea who it could be.
“You joining me here was really nice”, he says, when the laughter fades away and only just tugs the corners of his mouth to a smile, because it’s his turn and he’s running out of things to say. His hand finds the small of Cas’s back, on its own and without Dean’s permission to sneak its way there.
Even if it didn’t take the whole day to buy the stuff, it took long enough for Cas to dread the moment they’d actually start decorating the house. The shop had a whole section for children’s parties, which almost made Jack faint with excitement.
She introduces herself as Toni Bevell, the case worker of Jack Kline’s case, and starts with what everyone else Dean’s had a conversation with has started lately.
“I guess I haven’t felt like asking anyone to come”, he explains, and just because it sounds much heavier than he expected, he continues, “It’s a long drive, and you know how annoying I get with the music and speed limits”, he grins, “Wouldn’t want to put anyone through that.”
So, he paints a wide smile on his lips, stating that of course they should play it if Jack wants to.
“It would be nice to go.”
Dean finds the movie okay, but Cas’s head gets heavier as the scenes go on, probably because he’s not into action that much. Maybe he’s more tired than him, but halfway through the movie, a head lands on Dean’s shoulder and he almost jumps at that, so zoned out into whatever’s happening on the screen.
Sam leans forward, his expression the classic Sam ‘I’m ready to listen’ Winchester. “What do you mean?”
He turns the present around in his hands, neatly wrapped with a bow on top. “Wow.”
to be matched with a bitchface. He’s quiet for a moment before he continues,
“You know, I thought
Much to Dean’s pleasure, Cas’s sassiness gets knocked down a peg, when he gets down to business. Where Cas was eager, straight to the deep end and not teasing earlier, Dean’s the exact opposite.
Then a sidebar advertisement of a grocery store sale reminds him that they forgot to stop to get groceries on their way home.
Because Cas loves him. Cas says he loves him, and he must be dreaming, because Cas is just standing there, with the most content look on his face, saying he loves him, and when Dean finally blinks his face goes through expressions from confused to doubtful to unbelieving and back, because it feels too unreal, because it can’t be because if Cas loves him why didn’t he—
Unfortunately, Charlie won’t buy into his bullshit, “Have you said anything to Cas?”
“What?” Dean gives him a ridiculous look, “I am doing you a favor! Why are
“I wanna sleep here”, Jack explains, pouting again.
Cas looks back up, face neutral, “That I ‘fucked up’ as badly as you did? Yes.”
It’s not Jack’s fault they're so terrible at this.
“Can’t we just meet there?” Dean asks.
“Breaker, breaker, you there?”
It’s the first proper calm moment all day.
“Okay”, Cas says, closing his eyes.
He turns back to Jack, clasping his hands together when he leans his arms against his thighs, “I just like Cas so much I want to sleep in his bedroom”, he tells the kid. Flicking his eyes briefly at Cas, he continues, “Actually, I like Cas so much I might want to kiss him sometimes.”
The blue eyes turn instantly to look at him. “What are you doing here?”
“Cas, hey.” He aims for a cool tone that manages to be the cringiest sounding thing he’s ever let out of his mouth.
“And you’ve let me walk around with it all this time?” Dean plays offended, wiping his cheek himself for good measure. “Some friend you are.”
“It’s fine”, Cas says, “Sorry about kicking you.” And then, “Well, I guess that’s not true, I think it was justified.”
Dean glances at Cas for support. The man looks at him like he's about to commit a murder if the guard leaves them alone, when he stares back at Dean, before reluctantly turning to the guard as well.
The kid keeps eyeing Dean fiddling with his car keys, so he puts them back into his pocket. Cas sits on the table with the kid, reading yesterday’s paper, but turning the pages so fast he’s probably not really reading it.
“Is Dean awake already?” Cas innocently asks. Jack stops jumping and climbs down from the bed, screaming Dean’s name during his run down the hallway.
Cas is right. Dean’s not stupid or selfish, or anything Cas or anyone else probably thinks he is right now. What he is, is scared as fuck.
He’s not a—” Cas starts, irritated, “He came over for some tea.”
“Am I here to prepare Jack to spend time with me, or prepare you to spend time away from Jack?” Sam asks as he shrugs his jacket off.
“Not tonight though”, he shakes himself out of wherever watching Benny being sappy took him. He raises his beer, “Tonight we get drunk, and hope this bar gets a bit more crowded than it is.”
“Frankly, I don’t care what you do with your free time”, Cas says, his tone getting snappier like it always does before a fight.
They make their way to the kitchen, and Mick sits down by the kitchen isle while Cas gets the water boiling. When he turns around, he notices the man eyeing the fridge door, and the picture of him with Jack and Dean.
When Cas speaks, he sounds like he’s never been more sure about anything, “I don’t know your father, but I can assure you Jack is lucky to have you as his father.”
Cas turns his attention to Jack, so he doesn’t look so guilty under the younger Winchester’s eyes. The kid is glued to his leg, and he crouches down to his level.
“What?”
“Jack, I have an idea, look.”
“Would’ve told you yesterday that I have a lunch today”, Cas starts, “If you’d actually be open to
Dean places a comforting hand on the little guy’s head. “I’m here with Jack, he’s—” Whatever he’s supposed to say, he can’t. “Three.”
“I’m really sorry about Rebecca”, Dean says when he thinks about it again, as he holds the kid in his arms.
He remembers many afternoons spent at Bobby’s garage, a smaller business back in the day, but similar to the one he has now. Those are one of his happiest memories from his childhood, even if, as he got older, he knew that the reason behind all the hours spent at the garage was his parents’ nasty divorce.
Dean throws his head back when he laughs.
“God, me too”, Dean admits instantly, yawning again. He smooths a hand down Cas’s back. “Okay, new plan.”
“Dean, I heard you clearly, and the word you said was Cas.”
The bedroom door opens as Dean steps in to deliver the bedtime story book Jack had requested. He crosses the room and hands it over to Cas.
Shaking his head, he drops his hand, “Whatever.”
Jack loves the ones that air on Sunday mornings, which gives him some almost child free time to sit on the couch and relax while the TV is keeping Jack entertained for a while.
No, this is something people are probably born with, and he or Cas just don’t have it in them, but he’s too tired to step into the room and start an argument with Cas over it.
“I would know if he had feelings for me too, okay, but he’s just a friend.”
Dean thinks
One evening, when Dean arrives back to the living room from down the hallway, he looks like he’s been through hell and back. He stops at the doorway to sigh so deeply that Cas looks up from his book at the sound of it.
“It’s like a special basket for this kinda stuff only”, Dean continues as he pulls off his ring and the bracelets, dropping them into the thing, “See? We’ll all put our things here.” He picks up the basket again, and kicks Cas to get him to look up. He shakes the thing at him expectantly.
Cas looks up.
“Sorry I commented on your climbing techniques. That was rude of me.”
Cas studies his face for a moment. Dean feels his eyes flickering around his face, but he can’t look away, or maybe he doesn’t even want to.
A tiny voice speaks behind him, and Dean lifts his head from where it’s hanging, another ugly wave of emotion arriving, but this time instead of anger, it’s guilt.
Dean smirks because it’s easier than letting Cas see the real emotions he’s under while Cas watches him. “I guess I’m not that good.”
She hangs up before Dean can protest.
It’s been almost two weeks since Jack’s birthday and whatever happened after the party. Dean’s bursting with the happy feeling inside him like he never has before, it’s crazy.
mad at
Cas has to turn back to them when Dean hands the sad boy to him. Dean holds his hand up, and Jack gives him a high five.
Dean turns to look at Cas for support. He’s already facing him and has been quiet during all this. He has this soft look on his face and Dean wants to kiss him so badly.
The bearded man with shoulders broader than Dean’s pulls him into a hug, “Of course, would I miss the first party in a long time that you’re actually hosting?” the man, Benny says, holding Dean by both shoulders as he smiles at him.
Because he’ll be damned if he finishes off before he’s even gotten Cas naked. When Cas lets go of him, Dean sits up again to get Cas out of his jeans as fast as he can, pulling the man on the bed with him as soon as he’s out of his clothes.
He feels Cas’s eyes on his side profile so intensely he has to turn to look, “Look at the camera, you’re ruining the picture by being weird”, he says, but his tone is too soft.
Dean is standing at the entrance, scanning the huge area in front of him. There’s so many people walking around and standing by the small tables with their champagne glasses it takes him a while to get a good look around. He spots a few green dresses, but no redheads. There’s some redheaded lady by the bar, but when he thinks he’s found her, the man that’s standing in front of her moves, and reveals a black dress.
Jack points at one of the pillows on the floor, “Sit there”, he orders Cas as he gets his pins in order on the coffee table, ready to make Cas suffer through the beauty treatment Dean already got.
us, so if you’ll excuse us, we’ll go now. You guys need anything?” he asks anyway.
“You have a head injury, Cas, I’m not letting you unsupervised for a second.”
On the morning of his birthday, Jack wakes up at six.
Benny watches him enjoy the beer with a slightly amused expression, “So, how’s the married life?” he asks when Dean’s had his moment with the beer.
Cas just nods at that and says goodbye to Charlie. The two of them make their way to the front door as Cas disappears somewhere in the direction of Dean’s bedroom.
“I didn’t know you smoke”, Dean explains and steps out to the chilly air, leaving the back door open just a bit before walking towards Cas.
Running around all day seems to have made Jack hungry, so he digs in instantly.
Jack eyes doubtfully at him, so Dean puts the basket down on the counter.
“How are you enjoying the party?” Cas pointedly turns the conversation around because he’s all work and no fun. That gets them to fall into a conversation about the collections Rowena has, so it might take them forward with the case, not that Dean would ever give Cas any credit for it.
is the moment when Jack decides to wake up with a loud cry and give Dean the most perfect and easy way out of the conversation Sam is clearly trying to start and he never wants to have. He quickly says goodbye to his brother and hangs up without waiting for him to say anything.
... also notice how i'm starting to describe jack as an almost-four-year-old? do you think there's gonna be another birthday party before we're done? ;)
“Don’t get emotional”, she winks at him.
Especially, when the man drops to his knees, shoving Dean gently to lie on his back, hands working to open Dean’s belt buckle.
“I am so happy Dean finally got his shit together”, Jo continues and Dean’s
Dean looks at Cas, with so much love for him, for the life they’ve built together, since that chilly but sunny September morning exactly twelve years ago, when Castiel walked into that garage. That first meeting that lead to a date, that lead to many others, eventually to marriage and two, perfect children and a home.
“My turn to make drinks, right?” he rambles and rushes back inside before Cas can finish whatever he was going to say.
Cas tilts his head a bit, assessing Dean with his eyes. “What I said still stands.”
“But these are surprisingly delicious”, Cas admits around the straw between his teeth. His expression gets very serious after that, and he glances down.
“Don’t act like you’re all alone in that”, Benny smiles, “Isn’t Castiel taking half of the workload?”
“Who was that?” Bobby asks, looking up from the papers he’s going through by his desk.
“I love you.”
“This must’ve been a lot to handle for you”, she emphasizes, “Any feelings that might’ve come up during this time are okay and understandable.”
“I thought you wanted Dean to read to you”, Cas frowns as Jack pulls his hand to get him to stand up.
There’s no answer, of course there isn’t.
Maybe one day, if he’s Dean’s husband instead.
“Animals”, Jack says around the fingers he’s brought up to his mouth, a thing he does when he’s nervous.
Cas puts on the pair of shorts he usually sleeps in, grabbing a t-shirt to put on as well. He hears Dean shift to the other end of the bed and he’s trying to prolong this moment before he has to look behind himself to see if Dean woke up or not.
“Rebecca said she don’t want to come to your room”, Jack tells him, hugging the said, still very wet, toy against his chest.
“Had to get a new set for myself, so I got you one too”, Sam says to Jack as he sits down on the couch, next to Eileen.
Dean had stacked the fridge full of stuff they knew Jack would eat for sure, because they’ve heard enough nightmare-like descriptions of children who eat too much sugar in a day without any actual food in their system.
“Thank you for tonight, Mick”, Cas says, genuine, “I really had a good time.”
He’s trying his best to act normal around Cas, but it’s starting to get frustrating how hard it is. Every time he’s in the same space with Cas, they slip into something that they used to be, and realizing that sucks ass more each time it happens.
Sam types something frantically on his laptop, the sound of the keyboard clacking in Dean’s ear. Dean makes his way to the main area of the event while Sam does research, and waits for him to come up with a plan.
The bell above the door makes a sound when someone steps in, yanking Dean out of his thoughts. He lifts his gaze from his phone to a guy he had never seen there before but who happened to be one of the most gorgeous guys he has ever seen.
Jack concentrates on making his fingers match with Cas’s, showing it to him to check if he got it right, smiling proudly when Cas nods.
There’s a tiny and empty reading corner at the far end of the children’s section, with comfortable looking armchairs and soft, colorful carpets marking a tiny space at the end of the shelves that looks like it’s made for groups of children to sit and listen to a book. There’s also a small selection of toys in a box next to the armchairs.
Dean bites his lip, suddenly nervous because of course he knows he has a crush on Novak and that has got to be the most annoying thing about him. But it’s not like he ever thought of admitting it out loud,
“Likewise.” Cas himself is surprised just how annoyed he sounds, “Excuse me”, is all he says before he makes a quick exit back inside, getting out of the situation before he seems too rude.
Cas is a scary good actor and it definitely felt too real.
“She’s meeting people, alright”, Dean mutters under his breath before he can stop himself, “Seems to be quite close with Cas.”
“Yes”, Cas says, but gets up from the chair. “Did everything go well with the spell?”
“I think that’s enough spoons”, Charlie nods at the cup Cas has already stacked full of them. “Someone arrived, Jack’s opening presents.”
“It’s a really good fort”, Cas comments, and looks past Jack at Dean, “How was your day?”
”, Dean barks instantly, “Let him go.”
The lady working at the returning desk reaches over the surface to peek at Jack.
He’s surprised to have Eileen open the door for him when he rings the doorbell. He’s glad Jack isn’t running into his arms crying with terror, but he is surprised. And a tiny part of him is just a little bit disappointed.
“Is that so?” Dean chuckles, holding his hand up at Cas, “How many fingers am I holding up?”
They’re arguing, and Cas does look pissed off, but in Dean’s stupid, drunk and horny brain this tension could be sexual as it is irritating, and he wants to knock the crooked cowboy hat off Cas’s stupid head and kiss him crazy and get into those ridiculously tight jeans he’s wearing.
When he steps back inside, Jack’s almost eaten his plate empty, which is impressive. Cas wonders that they’ve probably done something that has made Jack tired and hungry to get him to eat so well. The two-day hell at work is weighing him down, but he’s happy that Dean took care of the dinner.
Jack looks slightly relieved at that, and Dean makes a mental note to check the house for Peppa Pig stickers put in places where they don’t belong, like the furniture, or the walls, or the backseat of the Impala. Last time it happened it apparently was Rebecca and
Charlie just puts the controller down and turns to look at him.
The living room is peaceful and quiet, they don’t turn on the TV but enjoy the comfortable silence.
It works surprisingly well, but it is the real reason behind his yawning instead of some sexy alternative Charlie is referring to.
does not help with his boner.
Jack plays on the kitchen floor while Dean cooks them dinner one evening. The kid’s telling him stories since they haven’t seen each other for almost two days. Dean turns the heat down on the stove when the sauce is ready and while he lets it sit for a bit, he proceeds to set the table.
The memory is so vivid in his mind, he speaks without thinking about it, “You should’ve seen him last night, your angel was screaming so loud I could hear it all the way to the front door, when Cas was trying to put him to bed. The kid sounded like he was being butchered.”
Dean drives to Sam’s apartment as soon as his shift ends, breaking a few speed limits on his way there, but from the moment his clock showed the time he knew Cas dropped him off he’s been unable to focus on anything other than the fact that Jack’s alone with Sam.
Dean’s watching after her and misses the way Meg walks up to him. “He’s calling a cab, so you might want to hurry.”
“His fever is running high”, the nurse tells them, when the thermometer beeps.
“Of course, man!” Sam nods furiously, “I mean Eileen’s here too so—” it seems that this is the point he remembers her. He turns around so she can see him speak, “Oh shit, Eileen, this is my brother Dean and that’s Castiel.”
hi! a little bit late again, i'm sorry. i was just trying to write some cute little misunderstandings, but these two snowballed it to another level.
folder.
“I don’t mind staying at home”, Cas suggests, “She’s your friend.”
Dean feels the corners of his eyes filling up with tears as he takes in the scene in front of him.
Cas points out, jokingly under his breath,
Dean laughs when he remembers last night, when he came to the apartment to let Cas sleep at home before his early morning.
Dean bites down a smile at Cas’s cursing. There’s a group of teenagers walking past them, so into their own thing that they don’t pay attention to the fact that they’re walking straight towards them. Without thinking about it, Dean grabs Cas by the arm, and pulls him flush against himself, away from the teenagers.
Charlie beams when she opens the front door to them, sounding slightly drunk already. She’s wearing a black costume with thigh holsters and her hair curled.
You don’t even have to exchange numbers to say that as a goodbye.
“My hands work just fine, Dean, I can open a door.”
“Papers? Oh, you mean my essays”, they hear Sam answering Jack, “They’re at home, I’ll show them to you this weekend.”
Dean’s stomach growls of hunger, but a small smile tugs at his lips when he looks at the small circle he has drawn around today’s date. He’s just about to run out and across the street to buy lunch, when his phone rings.
my kid, I’m just babysitting.”
It must be hell for Cas to put him to sleep. The kid’s probably still awake, trying to climb out of the bed, now that he’s getting really good and fast at it. He’s a pro when it comes to escaping the bedroom without an adult catching him before he can run away.
Cas could never bother him.
“Where’re you going?” Jack frowns.
Bobby just claps a hand on his shoulder, giving it a quick squeeze, and Dean almost elaborates his thanks.
“He’s an asshole, just so you know. Ask him what he’s been doing, while you’re not there.”
Dean ends up eating most of the food from the tray, because Cas rarely eats any breakfast apart from too many cups of coffee, but it’s okay, because they sit side by side, leaning against the headboard of the bed, suffering the gentle hangover that gets easier by the time it’s time for dessert.
“For Kaia”, Claire says like it’s obvious, “For the birthday party tomorrow.”
“If you wait for me to grab my stuff we can leave together”, he says, like he’d originally planned, but Charlie just shakes her head.
“Hey! Language”, he lectures as he opens the car door for her. He’s already picking up his daughter because she was being violent at school and gaining disapproving looks from other parents who are picking up the kids with shorter school days, he doesn’t need them judging him for her vocabulary too.
“Charlie, hi”, he smiles at her. They fall into a conversation easily, and Charlie follows him inside when he goes to grab more cutlery for the table.
“You know what”, Cas cuts him off, throwing the cleaning cloth forcefully to the sink, turning to look at Dean, “This is not working.”
Cas sighs, smiling, “It’s nice.”
“If I’m the only one he’s met more than a few times, no wonder he’s shy around new people”, Sam says, but he doesn’t sound accusing.
The thing about letting your guards down is that sometimes he forgets to build them up again. He silently waits for the girls to follow up on his blurted confession, waiting for the eventual joking or gentle laughing, but it doesn’t come.
Dean would be lying if he’d say the thought of kissing Cas hasn’t crossed his mind
“Wait”, Dean holds his hands up, silencing the woman, “You’re
The thing is, Dean knows Sam will see how head over heels he is for Cas the second he opens his mouth, and it’s way more embarrassing than Sam walking into a half naked one night stand drinking coffee in their kitchen.
Maybe buying a game for five years and up to a four-year-old is Sam’s way of supporting Jack’s eagerness to get into college, but the kid’s the happiest when it’s his turn to roll the dice – for the third time in a row – and that’s all that matters.
he texts Cas just in case.
Cas.”
“We could cut it like mine”, Dean grins, running a hand through his own short, but slightly overgrown cut, “You’d look like me!”
“So?” Charlie asks when he steps back inside.
Dean chuckles, instantly understanding, “He probably means this ugly ass spray painting of a green duck someone’s painted at the playground.”
Jack drops his head back to the pillow and lets out a very long sigh. “I miss him too.”
They love the kid more than anything in the world, but the promise of one night just for themselves has them grinning and kissing again. Cas slips his hands under Dean’s shirt, warm fingertips grazing the skin on his lower back when he tilts his head a bit to deepen the kiss.
Because it just might be that Jo hasn’t been the only one who has spilled their guts about a crush on a three-hour long phone call, with alcohol involved. This is great, just awesome.
Cas’s fond smile is so annoying. “It was very nice, the food was delicious.”
“No!” Jack frowns, looking angry and slightly scared, “I don’t wanna”, he adds a bit more quietly.
“This is Dean and Jack”, Jo announces unceremoniously, pointing at them, and sits down on the opposite side of the table. Dean likes her already.
Friday goes to shit from the start.
“Ah, but you’re not joining because it’s Dean’s turn, isn’t it?” Charlie asks, or rather points out as she walks to the kitchen isle, pulling herself a chair.
“Haven’t seen you in a while!” The familiar bartender, Pamela, recognizes him as she pours him the beer. Dean chuckles at her.
Dean lets himself be dragged into this bubble of birthday high and sits down on the floor. Jack stands between him and Cas, going through the toys from the beginning again, and Dean makes sure he pays attention to all the details Jack expresses when he hands some of the presents to them for a closer look.
Dean goes for the doorknob, and the door opens easily, it’s not even locked. They step inside, taking in the tiny room, looking around for any places to stash a cursed object. There are tall bookshelves filling up two walls from floor to ceiling, and an antique, wooden table by the window, that’s framed with thick, purple velvet curtains.
When Sam's done rambling, he realizes Cas is on the other side of the bed. “You’re still here”, he observes out loud, sounding a bit surprised.
“I left it in the car.”
She levels him with a look, “I didn’t love her, and she didn’t love me.”
“Just because you can’t deal with anything more than a casual hook up, doesn’t mean everyone is incapable of having actual relationships.
“Nah, it’s cool”, he shrugs, giving a polite smile, “I don’t want to bother you.”
He leans in to press a kiss to Cas’s lips.
And with that statement, she turns around and walks away.
The man underneath him winks, “If we hurry, we could get even more than that.”
Turns out Cas has decided that that’s the first night he’ll do something away from the house for the first time since they moved in, and has something scheduled for that evening as well.
“You wanna play in the sand?” he asks, reaching down to encourage Jack to go forward.
“Sam puts all the golden decorations on the same spot, it looks stupid”, Dean whines when Sam pushes him further away from him as he tries to remove the decorations Sam’s just hung up.
Dean turns to look at him. Cas’s hair looks like a mess, but in a styled way. He’s wearing a pair of jeans and a button down with tiny dots on it, the one Dean chose when Cas came to the door with two shirts, asking which one he should wear. He looks real good, standing there with his arms crossed over his chest.
voice, with the eye roll and all.
“Cas is not—"
“Yeah, well. It’s probably taken anyway now that it’s finally working again”, Dean says, hand stretched out for the keys Sam hasn’t handed to him yet.
Dean rolls his eyes at him, even though it’s probably true with him and Cas standing there dead serious and awkward and Jack standing in front of them, more interested in the cake behind them than this photoshoot.
Dean hops Jack more properly to his arms, bracing him against his hip. “You wanna drive it?”
“And you must’ve noticed how he’s—when”, Cas continues, sighing, “I just want what’s best for him, and I’m sure you do too.”
“You can thank Jack you’re even allowed to be here, this cute thing makes up for you mocking my delicious drinks”, she jokes, tapping at the card full of C:s.
The kid points at the scribbling underneath all the glitter, reading his own made-up writing, “I wrote here: welcome to birthday party, Sam”, he explains before sighing, “I didn’t know how to spell Eileen.”
“Why are we here?” Dean asks because he wants to get to the point. He wants everyone to stop with the sad eyes and their sorries as soon as possible, because if it’s not gonna bring her back, what’s the point?
Dean looks like he doesn’t understand what he’s saying.
Dean’s been talking about him to a random date. “Yes.”
Cas’s phone pings, and he takes it from his back pocket, smiling when he reads the message. Dean holds back his eye roll, but looks at Cas when the man types out an answer to the message he got.
“Seriously?” Sam sighs, “That sucks.”
“I think the steaks were great”, Cas compliments, without taking his eyes off Jack.
They turn their glares up to the redhead.
If that idiot wouldn’t be so annoying, they wouldn’t be in this stupid ‘paint this wall as a punishment while the others go to the lakes to have free time fun because you can’t behave’ mess in the first place.
It takes a few seconds for him to snap his eyes open again.
“I’m not hooking up with him”, she confirms once and for all, “I saw him naked once, on accident, and let me just say that was an awful experience to
Ellen and Jo arrive the next day, accompanied with a redhead who must be Charlie, a chick Jo’s been going on and on about whenever they call those hours long phone calls. Things seemed to have gone her way since Dean entered the hallway just in time to see them letting go of each others’ hands.
Jack glares at him so darkly that Dean lifts his hands in defense.
Jack looks up with a sheepish smile on his lips, “He said a bad word too, I’ve heard it.”
She reminds him of Cas, who always gives the perfect gifts.
“Oh. Nah, it’s cool”, Dean shrugs, “Jack’s good company enough, when he’s not throwing a temper tantrum.”
“Guests are not allowed further into the apartment until they’ve downed one of these welcoming drinks I’ve been friendly enough to make for you all”, Charlie explains as the two eye doubtfully at the disgusting, colorful liquids in the cups, “Them’s the rules.”
“Yeah, Cas, of course you can”, Dean assures and sits down on the barstool next to Cas, leaning towards him, worry making a frown between his brows.
“Yeah, I should probably—”
Jack lets out a tired but a content breath, leaning his head against Cas’s, “Dad’s the
you live together, and you’re, what, roommates?”
“Because we agreed that maybe three’s enough”, Dean joins the conversation, stepping into the hallway from the living room.
“Nothing, I’m at work”, he grunts.
Eventually they have to face the doctor walking down the hallway towards them, and everything stops when she stands there, briefly looking at each pair of eyes staring back at her.
Dean allows himself to act on it, nothing big, but just in the little things. He knows it’s wrong, but he can’t help himself, he just wants to live in this stupid fantasy for a while.
“Coming!” Dean shouts to the kid, and after stealing a few more, quick kisses from Cas, he takes his coffee mug from the counter before heading to the living room to help Jack.
“But Jack—"
to get Eileen to kiss you, doesn’t mean I have to take part in your stupid games.”
“Why are you all of a sudden interested in washing our clothes?” he asks slowly, suspecting tone in his voice. Dean feels his cheeks turn pink but tries not to care about it.
Dean lets out a relieved breath he didn’t realize he was holding.
Jack repeats, glaring at the two from behind his bangs. He could start a club with Sam over those.
“Yes it’s—I wish I could invite you in, but—” he leaves the sentence unfinished, not knowing how to end it.
Benny just hums, smiling at him and for some reason Dean wishes he would just make fun of him instead.
Cas opens his mouth, seemingly struggling with the words, “Are, are you saying—”
Even Benny putting it like that, Dean’s sure he’s made the right decision. He’s not going to enjoy his night out so he might as well head home, when he’s not drunk, in case Cas needs help with Jack.
Just as he’s about to say the first thing that happens to come out, turns out he doesn’t have to.
“What happened?” Dean asks.
“You wanted to sleep!”
Cas frowns at her, “That’s… good to know.”
“Back at the museum. Didn’t mean to piss you off with it”, Dean explains, blaming the pain medication fucking up with the connection between his mouth and his brain, “or okay, I did", he admits honestly, "but I’m sorry anyway.”
“Uh”, Dean starts.
Dean slides his hands under Cas’s shirt again and this time manages to slide the shirt off the other man. He throws it to the floor and their lips meet again, but they get to enjoy the kissing for about three more seconds before reality hits and instead of a moan, a yawn stretches through Cas’s face.
Peppa Pig branded hair decorations, there’s
Never let Jo be in charge of the rules and think you can survive.
Cas grins to himself when, as he pads down the hallway to turn on the pre-prepared coffee maker, he hears Dean’s long groan from the guest room.
He tries to keep the lump in his throat away to keep his tone light, because he doesn’t want to put any more of this on Jack’s shoulders. “To me and Cas, you are what’s most important in the whole world.”
When he returns to the couch, he sits down a bit closer to Cas than before. Cas doesn’t seem to notice, or mind.
“Did you forget something?” Cas asks, quietly.
“And who’s the third one in the picture?” Dean asks, pointing at the smallest person in the picture, between him and Cas. He winces as Jack accidentally kicks him in the stomach when he gets excited in his arms.
“I’m, uh, going home”, he hears Dean explain, “You’ll be with Cas now, and I’ll be back later.”
his lips when he blows the smoke out.
Dean explains the situation to his brother, trying to keep his cool but eventually rambling down to the detail of his messy hair and the way he tilts his head when he is listening to Dean ramble about something stupid and meaningless but still making the effort to listen and how he laughs at his stupid jokes and how he probably isn’t into him but he has to check anyway because he just has to.
At least the damn toy gets clean.
Surprisingly enough, it doesn’t take the whole book for Jack to fall asleep, and when his hold of Dean’s hand loosens, and he can pull it away without protesting from Jack’s side, he closes the book, but stays for a moment on the floor, looking at the sleeping kid.
The others end up choosing a movie that’s just started on some random channel, and Dean is doing his best to focus on it, but Cas falls asleep on his arms during the first fifteen minutes, and he fails miserably.
He hands the coffee to her, getting her attention for that second just as Dean continues: “Except I don’t sleep with gay chicks.”
Cas tries to ignore the heavy feeling in his chest when Jack declines, fully turning his back to him in protest. He leaves them there without saying anything else, because he knows that the next time they’re in this situation, it’s Dean’s turn to be on the shittier side of this.
Cas chuckles, glancing down at Dean, “Charlie said we’d be married in two months.”
“Cas, this is Benny, one of my best friends”, he says, “Benny, this is Cas.”
“Are you—” Dean starts, “choosing your outfit for the date?”
“I live just around the block.”
“Him or the dishes?” he asks Cas.
The guy has a matching voice to his appearance; low and sexy and it takes a second from Dean to realize the man is asking for help.
But from what he’s understood from Sam and the lore, he doesn’t want anyone accidentally getting their hands on all four rings, because if one can do that much damage, the consequences are massive if someone, who knows what to do with them, gets all four.
“Because of the look I got on your face when I said that”, Dean laughs, “
They make an interesting combination for the table, but considering the cake Dean ordered, it will probably look very fitting.
“Yeah, fell asleep like forty minutes ago”, Dean confirms, “He wanted to read a book about a swan? I’m pretty sure he said swan, but I didn’t find any from the shelf.”
“I was thinking that we could choose the bedrooms, and have a look around the house, if there’s something we have to take care of before tomorrow”, Cas says, sounding so formal even with the lump in his throat he swallows around. “There’s the guest room and then—” he motions towards the hallway that leads to Kelly’s room, unable to finish his sentence, but Dean gets what he means.
“I think honey is overrated”, Dean explains, and stops the cart in front of the selection of fishes, picking one package up to check it out. “I can see how you are a honey person, but I’m not.” He hands the fish to Cas. “This enough or do you want more?”
Cas doesn’t have the heart to tell the kid that they already sent texts to everyone, so they set up a birthday party invitation factory at the kitchen table. He cuts squares of the cardboard for Jack to decorate with glitter, stickers and markers, and he’ll add the time and the date when he’s finished.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, but he abandons the dishes and turns his attention fully to Cas. The man’s staring down at the washcloth he moves around the surface.
What the fuck are they doing, really? He has no idea how much parenthood Cas has in him, but he himself is certainly not a good parent material.
Jack points at the box impatiently, “and we also got donuts for
Sam rolls his eyes at that, flicking some soap from his hands at his big brother, dropping the subject.
“No, dear”, Rowena says, giving him a pitying look, “It was me.”
“I should build him like a castle or something.”
Cas reads two more pages of his book, before Dean talks again on his own.
When he’s done, Dean checks Cas’s expression to see just how much he’s struggling with holding in his amusement or second-hand embarrassment. He’s surprised by the look he meets.
“How have you not played this game?” Dean asks. “Were you never a teenager?”
Dean leans against the railing of the balcony, grinning, “I’m always down for something sexual.”
Cas leans closer to him to read the paragraphs between the dialogue, in a bit calmer and more bedtime story like manner, but he can’t say he doesn’t enjoy Dean’s little performance as Goldilocks, especially when every time he glances at Jack, the kid’s eyes are glued to the other man, his mouth hanging open a bit as he waits for the story to continue.
“Hey, what did Jack say?” she asks suddenly, “You never told me that.”
Instead, he just shakes Cas even more, “Not until you get up, grumpy.”
Dean scoffs at Cas’s tone and regrets his blurted out question, “Just asking.”
“When is Cas coming home?” Jack asks quietly, turning to his side to face Dean.
“Yes. I am okay”, Cas states quickly.
Cas just shrugs. “Maybe she was distracted with killing you.”
“I don’t wanna talk about it”, Dean cuts him off with a firm tone. When he finally turns to meet Cas’s eyes, Cas instantly wishes he didn’t, because the look Dean gives him is cold and forgein to him. “Okay?”
“I think conning your name to the list of a party that much smaller is impossible”, Dean argues. Slipping a fake name to a charity event where hundreds of people are invited was a cakewalk, but getting into her house? Seems impossible.
Dean just shrugs and doesn’t answer.
He doesn’t have time to come up with a payback joke, because suddenly there’s a sound of footsteps coming from the hallway in front them, and a faint source of light from a flashlight, painting the corner they were going to turn around at.
“Jack misses me when he’s with Cas, he misses Cas when he’s with me and—" he shrugs, “I miss him while I’m gone. And it
“I just keep thinking what if he—"
Dean holds out his hand, forcing Meg to drop hers off Cas. “Pleasure.”
Cas’s eyes are challenging. “Could’ve been.”
Dean drops the hand and opens the fridge. “Since we’re responsible adults, I think drinking something non-alcoholic at the end of the night is mandatory.” He stops to look at the shelf on the door, and the tiny juice boxes there.
The best difference between house parties and sophisticated adult barbecues with only a reasonable amount of alcohol involved is that people actually clean up after themselves before they leave. The last guests helped them carry all the stuff inside, even if they tried to protest, so when everyone’s gone, there’s only a huge pile of dishes next to the sink to tell there even were guests over in the first place.
Meg looks like she wants to pull all her hair off one by one, the way she throws her head back, groaning.
(See the end of the chapter for
They spend the waiting time talking, once even having coffee Castiel has brought from home. Dean isn’t sure if the flirting was mutual, but he notices himself trying to flirt as much as he can, without being too forward, in case Castiel isn’t really interested.
Dean gives him a once over when he arrives at the kitchen door, leaning against the frame. He’s wearing black dress pants, hugging his legs all the way up from his ankles to his crotch. He has the dress shirt Dean’s embarrassingly complimented, sleeves casually rolled up, but overall he looks fancier than usual. He’s shaved his face and done his hair, and it’s looking more put together than the mess it usually is.
This particular Saturday morning, Cas only comes to the kitchen to get the coffee before returning to his room to drink it. He does it three times, and after the third time he returns fully clothed, leaving his empty cup into the sink.
, just know that your comments always make my day!
“I am not washing all those knives. I am not getting punished because
“Oh, you pretty thing, I know a lot more than that”, Rowena muses. “And more importantly, I know you boys have the rest of the rings.”
Now that they’re slowly bursting the bubble that’s mostly been the house and the shrink’s office, and actually start having stuff outside of that, scheduling really becomes an issue.
Sam shoots a grin at both of the men. “See? We’re buddies.”
There isn’t anything, not even a text. Cas is relieved, and disappointed at the same time. He wonders if Jack is already sleeping since it’s getting late.
“Wait—you like your hair like that?” Dean frowns, and Jack’s face gets a bit more hopeful when he nods.
Sam is asking what is going on through his earpiece, but Dean ignores him, making his way to the two.
The three of them lay there, playing with the stuffed animals and just talking. Dean asks him about his day at work, Jack explains about something almost nonstop, and suddenly it’s time for dinner.
The smoke hits in a thick cloud when Dean opens the door, running inside. He hears his own voice breaking when he screams, “
“Sam never called me, did he?”
“Is it your first time at the park?” the other woman, Jody, asks as she hands him a cup of coffee like they’d know each other already, “We haven’t seen you around before.”
For a beat, Sam is silent on the other end of the line,
“Oh”, Dean lets his hand that was about to open the door fall back on his side, “That’s nice.”
“Us?” Dean gestures between the two of them, like the woman hadn’t been clear enough. “Me and Cas?”
“Oh, cool”, Dean smiles, turning towards the TV again, “We’re really living together soon”, he points out, but he’s not actually nervous about it, he’s excited. Which is funny, because they’ve more or less been living together all this time but moving out of his own apartment completely makes it all more real somehow. He shrugs, “Haven’t we dated for almost a month in like a week? I guess it’s about time.”
Mick came uninvited, but Jack is still sleeping, and it would be rude to send the man away.
Cas blinks himself awake when someone shifts underneath him. When he looks up, he meets Dean’s green eyes, huge up close. It takes him a moment to realize he’s cuddling the other man, but as he does, he gently pushes himself further away, apologizing.
“Can you come to my room?” Cas mutters to the phone, “Jack misses you.” He hangs up before Dean can say anything.
Dean frowns, “Which was?”
“Okay”, Cas nods, and turns to turn off the tap when the sink is full.
he would ever settle down with anyone.
After a moment of struggling, Dean gives in, hands fisted on the front of Cas’s shirt as he melts into the hug.
“Escaped.”
And considering Charlie has fallen into a conversation with the blonde he’s done an okay job.
Jack asks if he can watch some cartoons before breakfast and doesn’t wait for an answer before running to the living room. They watch him go, and after hearing the sound of the TV, Cas turns back to look at Dean.
“Good”, Bobby just says to him, before looking at Dean, “It's good weather outside and I just cleared the way to the lake”, he nods towards Cas as he continues, “You should take your man there to see the view.”
When Mick pulls up on their driveway next to the Impala, Cas realizes he could’ve asked for a lift to his apartment instead of here, but it’s too late already. Cas turns to say goodbye to him and to thank him for the drive home, but the man is already getting out of the car to walk him to the door.
Cas picks him up in his arms to comfort him and walks back to the fridge with the kid, showing him the Paw Patrol lunch box, “Guess who’s left us a surprise in the fridge?”
of them, so she wouldn’t get upset –  paired with the Paw Patrol cups and some napkins that had flowers and butterflies on them.
Cas just glares forward, pointedly not looking at Dean, and says nothing. Dean laughs loud as he reverses from Cas’s yard to the road.
“Someone’s been eating my porridge”, Cas growls lower than his narrator voice, when Papa Bear speaks. Jack slaps a hand on his mouth to keep himself from bursting to laugh.
“No offence, Meg, but you tend to have that effect on people sometimes”, Cas has to gently point out. He’s trying not to sound disappointed when he continues, “It has nothing to do with me.”
“Night, Cas.”
Dean holds the snacks in Jack’s reach for a moment, but eventually places them back on the table with a sigh, throwing one piece of cucumber in his own mouth. The insides of the vegetable are carved out because Jack hates the texture of it. He fucking carved the insides out for the child, only to have him refuse to eat any.
Cas lifts his head from the pillow to see Jack on the doorway, tiredly rubbing his eyes as he stands there, holding Rebecca Rabbit by the ear.
He looks back up just in time to see the realization spreading to Charlie’s face even more.
Dean lets out a relieved sigh, and shakes his head, “No, Cas, I’m the one who’s sorry”, he says back, “I was an ass, you did nothing wrong.”
“It’s nice that you bake pies for people less fortunate than us”, Cas comments when Bobby and Ellen have left, and he’s doing dishes with Dean.
during all those moments that they’ve spent glaring at each other through the years, or that he hasn’t thought about the kiss they shared at the museum.
For Sam’s sake, Cas is trying to get Jack to eat something before they leave, because dropping off a hangry toddler would just be mean. He can hear the shower running as he tries to offer a forkful of pasta to the toddler, who’s too busy playing with the toys he’s suddenly allowed to bring at the table.
“Come on”, she levels him with a look when he pretends to not understand her, “Even an idiot could see you two being weird. And I’m not even an idiot.”
“You are getting paint all over the ground, Dean”, he points out, annoyance clear in his voice.
Barely wearing, all the buttons are open, exposing the muscles of his chest as he turns around to look at Dean.
Dean gestures towards the coffee machine, “There’s coffee, take that while I get these ready.”
”, a girl, who can’t be older than sixteen, sighs dramatically deep, looking at them both behind a very black and smushed eye makeup, “just get both and move on”, she says and reaches between them to grab a chocolate bar from the shelf, “You’re blocking the whole fucking aisle.”
He’s at work on a Tuesday afternoon, when his phone rings.
Like on cue, his phone rings. Cas is not sure if he’s disappointed or relieved it’s Sam and not Dean who’s calling him.
The backyard is cozy with the green grass opening after the small terrace, tall fences giving privacy from the neighbors, and few trees giving shadows and shelter. There’s a huge table stacked with all kinds of food right next to the brand-new grill Dean helped Kelly bring there last week. Some guy Dean doesn’t recognize is using it, the delicious smell of food finding its way to Dean’s nose. He hasn’t eaten anything since his quick lunch break earlier that day.
Cas turns to the coffee maker to refill it.
“No? Was he supposed to?”
“Sorry, Bobby”, he mutters, sounding like himself again, but he still can’t look at him.
Dean is so dumbfounded about it he stays completely still, staring into the piercing blue eyes as the owner of them slowly drags the brush down his cheek, over his chin and dropping down before it reaches his neck.
He crouches down to clean some dead flowers away. There’s a bouquet that’s newer than all the others, and Cas quickly recognizes why they look so familiar. Dean used to bring those to Kelly, always those when he brought flowers.
The redhead shakes his hand, grinning at him, “You must be Dean. I’ve heard much about you.”
The kid seems okay, physically at least, looking at them quickly before turning his attention back to the toys. The lady in the cardigan asks them to sit down around the round table in the room while Jack’s focus is on the toys, brought there to distract him.
Dean continues while he’s on a roll, “And—and I’m sorry for being an ass earlier today, and now, about—well, I’m sorry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sleeping with other people”, Dean helps.
“Okay”, Dean agrees and leans in for a kiss.
“I think I’d rather shoot myself, thanks”, Dean coughs, the sweetness of the drink crawling its way back up his throat.
“Time to brush some teeth, then”, Dean says to Jack, putting him down for a moment to take off his jacket. He asks Jack to lead the way and the two of them disappear to the bathroom. The night routine goes by smoothly, Jack’s already got his onesie on, he chooses the book and with Rebecca Rabbit, his beloved plushie, he climbs to bed.
“I’ll take it then”, Cas says as he taps on his phone, messaging someone.
There’s this weird feeling in his gut when he thinks about Cas. They’ve formed a surprisingly good parenting team even if Dean says so himself, and after the very rough start that he doesn’t want to think about, the man is actually a dream to raise a child with. Their schedules work together, and they agree enough about the rules in parenting.
Now that he’s talking to them more, the kid’s vocabulary is getting wider every day.
He agrees without checking with Bobby because he knows it’s fine. He steps back inside and straight to the office to write down the time and the address before the call ends.
“I’m like Mr. Rhino!” Jack beams at the two adults.
Sam reluctantly grabs it, “Should I just make you a bed ready on the couch for when you crash here in an hour?” He turns to Jack, “Eileen is baking something in the kitchen, wanna check that out?”
to see them”, Sam says firmly, and holds a hand out for Jack, “Want to go to the living room and you can show them all to me?”
Cas holds him tightly in his arms, “Not yet, it’s not safe until Dean says so.”
Cas’s expression holds nothing but genuine understanding, “Grief can mess with your head, Dean, it’s completely normal.”
Dean wakes up with a small kiss pressed to his lips. Cas is surrounded with cold air, like he has just gotten inside and despite the dark circles under his eyes his smile lights up his face as he looks down at Dean. Cas runs a cool hand through his sleep-messed hair.
There’s the slow, schedule free morning, where he usually fixes something extra for breakfast, especially if he’s with Jack. This week it’s bacon and eggs, and after breakfast they head to the living room, and that’s the best part of his Sunday mornings for one reason only.
He just nods and lets out a sound of agreement or something. He pushes his parental insecurities aside when they arrive at the table and gives his best charming smile as he waves his hello.
That’s all she says before she drags him away from Dean.
Dean puts the sound back on the shitty daytime TV show that’s on and leans back on the couch. He wonders just how confused Jack will be this time, when he wakes up and he’s there again instead of Cas.
Dean pulls Cas close, giving a tight-lipped smile to the woman, “Always.”
going to marry Cas one day and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
He takes half a step to walk past Dean, but before he gets any further, the part in Dean that’s not holding him back, jolts to action.
The nurse asks some questions, and as Cas answers them and she writes something down based on that, Dean has time to take the situation in.
“Hi there!” she smiles, and Jack shoots a panicked look at Cas, before hiding his face behind the side of the strollers. “Oh, a shy one, aren’t you?” she laughs a friendly laugh and turns to look at Cas.
“Targeting is allowed for as long as it takes you to fix the lock on my bathroom door”, Charlie explains easily, earning a round of chuckles from everyone.
“I hope it was worth it”, Cas comments, and Dean’s not sure if his tone is amused or not, but he doesn’t bother to lift his hand to check.
The rest of the sass and the teasing smirks are gone when Dean settles on top of him, moving as slowly as he could, giving the man under him time to adjust. It gets intimate in a different way when Dean rocks his hips, their sweaty foreheads against each other, Cas’s fingertips running up and down Dean’s back, nails scraping the skin here and there.
, the man on the other end grunts, “
“I don’t know”, Dean answers honestly. He didn’t realize he was until Cas pointed it out. He sits down next to him, “Makes you look very, I don’t know, human.”
Dean lifts his brows.
Fucking Novak, he always has to be
Dean’s cheeks are burning as the others laugh at Sam’s words. Dean’s trying to come up with a good and funny comeback, but he can’t think of any, because all he can think about is that his brother thought he just had sex with Cas upstairs. And
“You’re an idiot”, he says out loud too, but there’s no real heat in his words and his mouth is betraying him, he’s smiling to the other boy. Novak returns it.
Bobby cuts his polite speech off with a wave of a hand, “None of that Mr. Singer crap in here, call me Bobby.” He shakes Cas’ hand, “And it’s no problem, the more the merrier.”
Dean smiles back, “Good.”
Dean crouches down just in time to grab the kid and hug him close to his chest. “Hey, kid.”
“Fine”, the man actually agrees, but his grin is not promising, “We’ll still do you a birthday surprise.”
“It’s not making me murderous”, Dean argues because he hates it when people read him like an open book, “It’s not.”
When they get their order, they walk down the main path for a moment before there’s a convenient spot between two stalls to go through with strollers, and Dean gets an idea. He takes the turn, Cas confusedly following after them.
She’s saying it like it’s a good thing, that Jack would sell well, or some shit.
“Yeah, okay. I guess I’ll make time”, he chuckles and sits down on the slightly wet, cold grass, staring more at Cas than the flowers.
Dean smiles at the memory.
is white, dripping with the paint and he holds it high, above Dean’s head.
, Cas says, holding his hand up, just as Dean’s about to say something. “I don’t want to know.”
Dean sits down on the armchair, eyes glued to the man.
“Do you have anything you want to ask us?” he asks the kid, like they apparently should in situations like this. Not that any of the research prepared Dean for the amount of judgement they got from not having their own rooms anymore.
They’re still probably dressing him up too warm just to make sure he doesn’t catch a cold outside, but there are days when, while they’re annoyed at each other, they don’t have the need to rip each other’s faces off, so that’s got to be positive progress.
Jack was sleeping the whole time, he didn’t even see him.”
He gives the child a hug, and gently releases himself from his tiny but firm grip. “Okay, now. Show Sam what toys you chose with Dean?”
“Sam drew so many good dogs”, Jack says, in a way that indicates he’s had a good time while they’ve done that.
“We should probably sleep”, he mumbles, bringing Dean down to earth with it.
Dean shrugs like it wasn’t the big deal it actually is. “After your birthday party.”
Fortunately, they get out of the office quite quickly, after promising once again to discuss at home what is acceptable behavior to have at school and what’s not, and Dean thinks maybe he won’t have to work overtime today after all. Since Claire has only one class left for the day and it has started already, they send her home with Dean.
“Donna you’re on a dangerous road”, Jody warns, laughing, “We do
He offers a tentative smile to Dean.
Dean feels his breathing getting heavier, keeping himself up on one elbow, the other hand making its way to the dark mess of hair, tugging and pulling whenever Cas does something with his tongue.
“He’s probably sleeping”, he tries to convince Jack anyway.
The man looks like he wants to murder him.
Charlie’s eyes light up at the mention of coffee, “I take back everything I said, we’re friends already”, she claims and follows Cas to the kitchen.
“I tried to get them to open the door”, Eileen says, “They were too busy.”
They have a silent fight over it while Jack is playing in the living room, and they both end up canceling their plans.
They’ve been inside for days, so he’s also just eager to get out of the house to the hardware store to buy stuff, but mostly seeing Jack smile just boosts his mood so much. He knows the kid would love to have something to play in, but the jungle gym at the playground is too crowded and too big for him anyway.
