“Come here,” John took one of Sherlock’s hands and led him back to the sofa. They sat next to each other and John refused to let go of him.  “Sherlock, I… well. I don’t know if I’m ready for a new relationship yet. But… I know that I belong here. With you. That much I realized when you… died.”
'Why?'
He pulled it from his pocket, intent on turning it off so no one could disturb him.  But the notification on the screen told him he had a text from John.
Sherlock began moving his hands at an easy speed.  Of course he felt compelled to speed up, out of frustration with his thoughts moving faster than his body and out of the intense feeling of wanting to leave.  He didn't like this, wasn't enjoying it.  It was as pointless as everything else now.
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it and squeezed his eyes shut.
Dr. Parson lifted his gaze from his book and set it on Sherlock's file.  "What are you looking into now?  Murder? Robbery?"
Sherlock cracked a slight smile. 'He's six.'
'I've been back for some time.' was Sherlock's reply.
Dennison didn’t get up until the following morning. John had gone to bed a bit early himself, leaving Sherlock on the sofa.  Sherlock had promised he would get some sleep, but he didn’t even try to keep his word.
'I normally don't.'
'Not for a while, and when I do it'll only be for a visit.'
He was further distracted when Dennison decided to speak.  “What did you mean yesterday? When you said you weren't good.”
"Come here," John requested as he moved himself to sit on the edge of his bed.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He knew that question had to come eventually. Why couldn't someone had told him right away what had happened. Why let him believe he would ever see them again? He was going to find out someday, and now Sherlock had to be the one to tell him.
Lestrade shook his head.  "Tell me what?"
In his dreams, though, it was John he came to in the dead of night.  Neck bleeding out, held together only by a quickly dampening bandana.  His feet were pricked by thorns from running for miles and miles until he finally crashed into 221B.
He quickly replied, 'Yes.  Are you alright?'
'Soon.'
Sally released her hand. “Arielle, why don’t you go play for a bit?”
'I'm sorry,' Sherlock started. And he was. He was so sorry that this had to happen to him. 'They're not coming back this time.'
He did that sometimes.  He hadn't played it once since he got back, but he held it.
It took a few minutes for the next text to come.  'I had to tell him about his parents.'
Sherlock was laid out on a bed with bleach white linens, and he had stitches going up the side of his neck, near his original scar. He was also groggy, hardly able to keep his eyes open.
Sherlock ran through a list of possibilities in his head.  He wanted just a little more time here, time to get used to the idea of leaving.  For good this time; coming back had been a mistake and he knew that now.  He'd known it before but told himself things would be better if he could just see John again.
“No,” John interrupted, “he is.  He's depressed, and he doesn't know what's happening to him.  I've seen it before.  My sister...” he paused to clear his throat.  “I know the signs, Mycroft.  I saw it before he left and I know I shouldn't have let him leave but the last thing you want to do for someone who feels that way is take away their power.  I was helpless and he left and now he doesn't want to come back.”
From the cabinet he pulled some antiseptic and tried to wash the cut.  The bleeding slowed but didn't stop, so he put a gauze pad over it and wrapped it securely with some bandage.
Sherlock knew he didn't want Mycroft to pick him up at the airport. He wanted John. He just didn't know how to tell John he was coming back to London.
“Did you make them go away?” Dennison asked.
Then the latch clicked, and the door swung open only an inch, and the shuffling resumed.  John's brow furrowed.  He knocked a third time before pushing the door open all the way.  "Sherlock?"
'Why?'
'Yeah, and it was awful.  But you came back.  The way you're talking, it sounds like you won't this time and there is only one thing you don't come back from and I swear to god if you do that to me again I will break.'
He saw his blanket. It formed a small mountain-like shape, with four fingers and a head of blond curls sticking out the side of it.
“And you didn't stop it?”
"Are you sure you'll be alright?" John asked Sherlock.  He was running just a few minutes late for his third date with Mary, the woman he'd met while shopping.  He'd left Sherlock alone in the flat plenty of times before, but he'd been doing it more frequently now.
“No, actually. I really don't think you're the best person to decide what is or isn't good for a child.”
Sherlock shrugged.
'I don't either, most of the time,' Sherlock admitted.
I should probably mention that I'm on some powerful pain meds right now (kidney stone, not pretty), meaning updates might be a little slow for the next week or two, but I'm gonna try to keep up.
John took the steps up to 221B quietly, so he could hear any sign of Sherlock being awake.  He didn't have to guess, though, when he opened the door and found Sherlock sitting in his chair, staring at his violin.
Mary gave a little wave and smile to John and then looked down at the man in her boyfriend's lap.
Sherlock responded, ‘We’re with Molly. Care to join us?’
'I did it before.'
Sherlock nodded as John helped him up, careful about the weight he put on his ankle.
"What?  I'm sure I've mentioned it..."
Sherlock nodded.
“I couldn't.  Though he can be extremely childish he is a grown man and can sleep with whomever he likes.  As hard as I try to protect him, I cannot do everything for him.”
Clutching a small sandwich in his hands, Dennison walked between Sherlock and John, staring wide-eyed at everything he passed.
Already planning on it, Sherlock sat in the reading chair next to the bed. He watched him cry some more before he finally fell asleep.
Sherlock didn't know he could ever be so relieved to hear his brother's name.
'I worried about you as well.  Even more so after I left.  Every day, you were all I thought about.'
'Why didn't you tell me sooner?!'
'Shouldn't he be in bed already at this time?'
'Staying hydrated?'
Why wouldn't it stop?  This heaviness that constantly filled him?  It left him weary but unable to sleep.  The only thing that could drive it away was John, but being near him only made him wish harder to get away.
Sherlock nodded.  He didn't care.  He had to go.  Norway was far enough for now.
'It will be as if I never left.'  After showing the screen to John he added, 'Almost.'
He knocked.  Nothing happened.  So he put his ear against the door and, hearing shuffling inside, knocked again, louder now.  Then the noise stopped.  He guessed Sherlock was deciding if it was worth opening the door, depending on who was on the other side.
“Oh, right,” John said. “I wanted to show you something. I know she offered to teach me, but…”
“Not very well, yet, but if you two help me I’m sure I’ll get it. Mary has been teaching me but it just doesn’t seem to be taking.”
John noticed Sherlock's change in posture right away. He went stiff and looked away from both of them. “Bandage?”
With a hand on his forehead, Sherlock nodded, again typing away on the phone.
'A few bites of chicken at dinner,' Sherlock replied.
“Oh god.  You're sleeping with him?”
“Hello, John,” Molly said.
Mrs. Hudson told him it really wasn't a big emergency, nothing to ruin a date over, and after fussing over him for a bit she eventually returned to her own flat.
“Sherlock, do you
Any other time, he would put a hand on Sherlock's back and offer to make tea or to talk to him about things that didn't really matter but seemed to distract him.
John took another sip with a grimace and set it back down. “I'll make us some real breakfast. And clean up whatever experiment you tried to cover up by burning candles.” He sat up, expecting an answer.
The boy crossed his arms and pouted.
Sherlock shook his head but stood with a hurried motion and locked his arms around John.
It was almost three hours later when they were allowed to see him.
"For who?"
'I don't know what you mean.'
Sherlock pulled out his phone and texted Lestrade.  'Murder-suicide.  House robbed after both dead for some time, gun stolen by robber.'
Mycroft shook his head.  "You need to stay.  You need him."
“Have you been doing your stretches?” John asked, the video feed skipping as he moved himself closer to the screen.
Just as he was buttoning up his fresh shirt, there was a knock.
'I know I can.'
“Hi again.” Arielle said.
'Sign language.'
For those asking, the last line of chapter 7 is not incorrect.
In all of one second a hundred and one images flashed in John's head like an outdated projector, sticking and whining as the slide carousel danced around and around.  He saw Sherlock on the roof, on the ground, drifting through the air like a feather in the wind.  He recalled the Sherlock of his nightmares, split open and sewn up so he looked like a poor, weathered rag doll.  The Sherlock of his daydreams, standing by his bedside, wings spread out and glowing more radiant than the sun.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed with a nod, leaning closer to John and working his hands up from calves to thighs to hips. “And now the case is closed, the killer is behind bars, and we can finally celebrate?”
With a nod and a smile John walked over to where Sherlock sat, looking down at him with an expectant face.  "Tilt your head back," he requested softly.
"He's... interesting," John answered.
"What did he say?" Lestrade asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and typed, 'The two are you are working together now?'
“Alright,” Dennison said sweetly. “Sherlock, Dr. Parson said it's time to change your bandage.”
"So.  You ready to go for dinner?"
Dr. Parson's mouth opened as he realised.  "Oh...  You're the... the friend.  The one who wrote up all his cases."
'How much did Mycroft tell you?'
made him laugh, so he allowed a small smile to show on his face, showing his satisfaction.
__________
John sat up, releasing Sherlock's hand from his.  "Okay.  I'm staying up for a bit.  I'm here if you need me."
The arm Sherlock had around Dennison's waist to keep him balanced tightened around him.
“Sherlock had an accident,” he explained. “He broke a mirror, and got his arm all cut up.”
“John, we’re going to see Sherlock, right?”
'Shouldn't you be in bed?' he signed.
Sherlock felt a jolt of panic, fearing that whatever held him down would trap John as well.  But soon he began to warm up, and the cold weight released him.
John sat next to the two of them on the hospital bed, grabbing one of Sherlock’s hands in his own.
He let Dennison cry until he couldn't anymore.
'Moriarty's men were highly skilled.'
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, making him giggle.  The brow fell then, allowing for his face to contort into one of confusion.
to punch him.  Not hard enough to knock him down.  And he definitely didn't expect him to stay down.  When Sherlock had stood, he didn't look at John.  Instead he'd kept his eyes fixed on the wall behind him.  He'd opened his mouth to say something, but stopped himself just before John shouted at him to leave.  So he'd left.
“Where is Molly? Where are the bodies?”
John's eyes moved down to Dennison, who was sitting on Sherlock's lap since it made it easier for the camera to catch both of them. “Has he been doing his stretches?”
“I’ll see Mycroft out,” John said quietly and left the kitchen. “He’s chosen…”
“Hello,” John said.
Sherlock typed, 'I'll text you after he goes to bed.'
Sherlock looked deep in thought.
Sherlock thought he should probably insist on having him go to his own room.  But he didn't want to.
'I can see it on your face.  What have I done?'
The boys arrived at the crime scene just seconds after Lestrade.  The entire building was quiet as soon as Sherlock entered, mocking him.  The winds died so the old walls didn't sway and squeak.  Everyone stilled, so there were no heavy, creaky footsteps one would expect in a house full of police.  All voices silenced, without so much as a whisper passing between any two people.
"Maybe he didn't think you'd go."
It wasn't fair.  Whether this was one of Sherlock's silly games or not, it wasn't fair.  Sherlock had made all the decisions himself.  He'd decided to jump. He'd decided to push John away so he could do it. He'd decided to trick everyone into thinking he was dead while he rid the world of everyone and everything connected to Moriarty.  And now he was handing all the responsibility over to John.
“Morning...” John said, looking to Sherlock through sleepy eyes.
'We are not discussing this with my cousin just across the hall.'
Sherlock opened his mouth but stopped himself before he actually tried to make any noise.  Why could he not remember hands not lips?  He shook his head.
Sherlock sat in Mycroft's study, hands folded under his chin.  He just needed to breathe.  He hadn't realised how hard it was to breathe at home until he got outside.
Not the light knock of a child, or the timid knock of the staff.  It was Parson, and he did not want to look at him just now.
He started to catch up on some reading during the second hour.  It was hard to focus, however, and he couldn't retain very much of what he'd read.
But sleep did not come.  He was so tired.  So ready to let go.  Gravity's hands were still on him.  Why didn't they pull harder?  Surely they could simply carry him down into the earth.  Maybe there he'd be able to get some sleep.
Dennison yawned.
"We don't have anything planned tonight..." John said, letting her in.
'Because I'm not officially his patient, and I initiated our behavior in the first place.'
The honest admission caught John off guard.  He was used to Sherlock being more honest with him than anyone else but with the way he'd been pulling away recently, he was never sure what to expect.
"Is it?"
They came face to face, and Sherlock looked down at the boy.
Finally Sherlock looked up with a small smile.  ‘So am I,’ he signed.
It didn't take him long to find the carton of cigarettes.  He pulled out a box and a packet of matches and again took his seat at the edge of his bed.
“You don't need to protect him, you just need to be there.  He needs to feel that he can ask for help.  So when you talk to him, make sure he feels like you want to help him and not run his life for him, alright?   We have to work together on this if we want him home safe.  Hell, I'll settle for safe, as long as I can be sure of it.”
“We’d best get going, actually,” Sally said.  “Maybe next time you visit you two can play together again, hm?”
Even though he could still barely believe his friend was alive, he was more than a little amused at what he saw inside the room.  Sherlock sat on the edge of a large bed as a doctor attempted to take his vitals.  Every time the doctor tried something, Sherlock would move away, silently protesting.
, John thought as he typed his next text.  'Your cousin is smart.  He's attached to you because you're there for him in a time of crisis, but I think he's watching over you too.  And I'm glad, since I can't be there.  But I don't know how much longer I can handle you being away.  When are you coming home?'
But a reply did eventually come.
"Sherlock, Jesus, you can't start a fire like that in here," John scolded.  Again there was no response.  So he quickly looked around to find the kitchen.  He filled a jar with water and rushed back to put the fire out.  He thought that would get some kind of response out of him.  He was wrong.
“Although I disagree with my brother’s sudden interest in love, I don’t want to see him hurt because of it. He would never have made the decision on his own without a little… push.”
John sipped his tea, not taking his eyes off Sherlock, whose own eyes were closed and who had yet to touch his own cup of tea.
"Well he's your best friend, right?  And he knows you're in a relationship, a relatively new one, too.  And you've got your job.  Maybe he just didn't want to inconvenience you by dragging you off to Norway for who knows how long."
Mycroft stood and wore a face of stone.  "I can see you're frustrated, but there's no need to take it out on me.  Sherlock is mute, and, while it is unfortunate, it is not my fault."
'It doesn't matter what you think. I am his temporary guardian, not you. You are my employee. Do as you're told.'
John sat up and took in the sight of them all, soaking wet and covered in mud. “How are we going to explain ourselves to Mrs. Hudson.”
John laughed.
As he left, Sherlock held his thumb up, signaling that he would.  He kept the promise, taking the stairs slowly, not particularly interested in seeing any more doctors for the next few hours.
Sherlock looked up.  He did sometimes like to look at them.  He thought they were useless and refused to learn about them, but that didn't mean he didn't like the way they looked.  The way they twinkled and went on doing their thing without worrying about what anyone thought of them.
“I’m John.”
But it's here now!
"Wow," Dr. Parson remarked.  "I have to fight him for hours just to get him to sit still."
“I'm reading, and Sherlock is saving the world.”
He walked to Sherlock's room to check on him.  Sometimes, even though Sherlock has been back for a few weeks, he's still afraid to open the door.  Afraid to find it empty and cold, like it had been for so long.
A voice came from inside, “Hello?” Molly was standing over a severed leg.  “Oh, Sherlock.  Good to see you back.  Who’s this?”
Sherlock's lips then rounded into this "o" that was familiar to him and revealed an awareness in him.
"Damn, Sherlock, are you okay? You..."
It was too much for Mycroft, no matter what promise he had made to himself to keep calm.
"All Mr. Magnussen wants", and he insisted heavily on this last word, "all he wants is for you and Moriarty to present the title Mine at the Awards, hand in hand, the composer and the author. He wants the Song of the Year Award and that's what he'll get. You know his methods.  What he wants, he gets. Always. All you have to do is put the means into it.   Besides, I came up with a tight promotion plan, starting next Monday. Kitty, would you like to present the rollout? »
Today was a very ordinary day. The few hours of sleep had not been so bad. He's known  worse. Because he did not yet trust himself, he had performed his ritual with care.
All he had to do was cross the abyss that separated him from the rock star.
Mycroft suddenly felt his palms getting even more sweaty, his heart going up his throat and beating madly. And as he looked at Greg, already feeling that what he was about to learn was what he feared most, he heard his companion whisper in a barely perceptible voice what he already knew, anyway, deep inside himself:
“Some things never change,” Lestrade said. He thought it must be one of those things one truly understands only when he has children, a scenario which grew more and more unlikely every day, for him.
“You found out about Harry Walton,” Sherlock stated, returning that look – she was great at challenges: every single part of her face, but mostly her eyes, and her thin lips, could communicate such disdain, such unpleasantness, that it was hard not to feel challenged.
“Yes, you can sleep now,” Sherlock replied, annoyed that she hadn’t been able to hear him. She took pride in being a light sleeper. “It’s five.”
“Sherlock, you’re not that naive. No one can be that naive. You know exactly what I’m asking you.”
“So put on a shirt, and smile for the cameras. The wife will love it! You’re still married, right?”
“It was the first time I’ve ever openly gone against them.”
Sherlock was waiting for them by the door, that Lestrade opened, struggling to find the hole in the dark hallway.
“This might be nothing, though,” she said next, and her confidence crumbled around her like a wall. “It could be totally unrelated to the murder.”
They’d sewn her head back together – Sherlock knew that head injuries could bleed a lot, which made them look scarier than they actually were, and rationally she knew that Jo hadn’t lost nearly enough blood to be in any kind of danger by the time they reached A&E. But she’d seen her stumble on her way to the car, she’d seen her head fall to the side during the ride, smearing blood on the glass, as Lestrade drove fast across the city. She’d heard how slurred her speech was as she whispered ‘it’s nothing’, and she’d been… scared.
“So was Mycroft,” she pointed out. “Actually, I think they wanted another Mycroft – they wanted a boy, but another Mycroft would have worked too – and got me instead.” She drew a circle in the air as she spoke, quickly, as she always did when she was nervous.
“I didn’t think they were actually important,” she said.
She was not smiling now. “I guess I could,” she replied, after a few seconds during which she held her chin with her right hand, nails impeccably painted a deep burgundy. “I could know everything about anyone, in fact, with relatively little effort. I did, once upon a time,” she told him. “Before seeing… well, anyone I saw. But I discovered that it takes something away.”
“I… I didn’t want him to think we were together, which we were, or we were about to. I didn’t want to out you,” she said. She looked sad, if anything, that Sherlock had brought it up. “I may not have advertised it, but I never hid it, either. I’ve never… dated someone closeted, and if you’d asked me a year ago, I would’ve told you that I wasn’t going to start.”
There was a heavy silence – and Lestrade felt heavy too, and like he was intruding, like he was seeing something he really wasn’t meant to see. It was a feeling he got, sometimes, when he had to dig in underwear drawers, among sex toys and other things people usually don’t put on display, but it usually felt more clinical, and therefore less awkward.
And Lestrade foolishly hoped that she wasn’t only there to tell him that he was such a good friend to her gay sister, and that she was grateful for it. No matter how nice it felt, and how it was tugging at his heartstrings to hear it.
“Are you scared?”
When Lestrade called Sherlock the next morning from work, he was surprised to hear Joanna’s voice on the other side, and that he’d clearly awakened her.
“That much is certain,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “But why rob and kill her and then pay someone else to confess – which has never worked, ever – when he could have stolen the money while she went to the supermarket every Wednesday for the elderly discount?”
“You mean that someone killed an old lady because she listened to the Catholic channel so loud?” Lestrade formulated, mostly in disbelief.
“He was her employer,” Joanna said, “he had so much power over her, that he made them split as soon as she was of age, and then married her. Soon afterwards they had the architect. Very soon afterwards. And that’s where the memoirs stop.”
“Have you read the letters?” Lestrade asked them, as soon as he remembered them  – he’d nearly forgotten about the letters when the team had called, with the news of the twenty thousand pounds. He knew it wasn’t good, to let two official nobodies bring the evidence home, instead of bringing it to the Yard immediately. He figured they were already in too deep and therefore it didn’t really matter.
“From what?” Joanna whispered.
“I found the envelope,” she told her.
She fell asleep thinking about that – thinking about the warmth of the smaller body in her arms – and lost track of a few hours; when she awoke, Joanna was looking at her.
Sherlock wanted to hold, or to cover Jo’s tiny hand, which was resting on the stick, with her larger one, but she didn’t dare.
“Thank you, sir, but may I ask…”
“That’s what I told her,” Jo protested.
“She was nine…”
Sherlock stared at the pavement for a few seconds – looking for something to say, she guessed, because nothing made sense, because she both felt like Joanna was right and like her own concerns were right and would eventually destroy everything. “Everything happened so fast,” she tried. “After the play, I mean.”
It was already dark when Sherlock got home.
He called the fair youth’s employer first thing the next morning, thanking him again for the generous gift.
“Yes, she wants to go out with you. Just text her and ask, or she’ll do it first.”
So he drove, his delegation consisting of himself alone, through London traffic, to ring the doorbell of 221b, swearing to God, if He even existed, that he was going to sue Sherlock, the next time this would inevitably happen.
“You looked so scared,” Jo began. Sherlock didn’t stop her. “I was unnecessarily harsh, in the car, earlier,” she said.
“Twenty thousand isn’t so much,” Sherlock was musing. Jo looked like she was about to disagree.
Afterwards she drank herself silly and she made a scene in front of her parents and Mycroft, mentioning the French girls in bikinis, Victoria and a few recriminations from her early childhood that weren’t strictly related. Mycroft surprisingly stood for her, although she was very careful not to cross the line. It ended up, unsurprisingly, not mattering at all. They used to speak twice a year, and they still did.
They’d agreed that she’d stay the rest of the weekend, and then Lestrade had taken the Monday off to stay with her some more, offer her a nice meal, and drive her back. And she would come back for Christmas, too, after less than ten days – they’d have a big lunch at Robert’s house, and they’d see their nieces and nephews and grandkids, and they’d be a family, which wasn’t such a big thing, all things considered – no one hated each other, after all – but to Lestrade it might as well have been.
It ended up not mattering because, come July, Victoria gave her a speech, short and concise, very well crafted:
“No, and I don’t think it ever will,” he replied. “Remember the big case with the theatre?”
“Before, at the hospital,” she began, “you told me something about your parents.”
Mycroft was only one row behind them; she must have bought some really good tickets. She, too, stared at her own sister in amazement as she greeted their benefactor and his wife. She stared at the doctor too, with disbelief, mostly, and maybe something that resembled pride.
“How the tables have turned!” Mycroft commented, as her sister approached. It took him a bit to see why: she was wearing a dress. A plain blue one, with silver ballet shoes, no heels.
“She’d been cheating,” Jo stated. “Since…”
“Finally a good question!” Sherlock burst. “The late Mr Parris had something to hide,” she stated.
“What’s this about?” Lestrade asked, praying to the gods, for his own sake but also for Sherlock’s, that it was something serious, because he’d been about to ask Mycroft out on a date.
“It wasn’t the dead husband’s name, right?”
“Yes,” Lestrade replied, without further commentary.
After Margaret was ready, Lestrade stepped into his shoes and called a cab, because, official visit or not, it was insanely difficult to park near the most obnoxious theatre in all of London, and he didn’t want to make Margaret walk too far.
He got that feeling again – the one he got quite often, given the nature of his job: that human beings did terrible things for reasons that were ultimately futile, because they were ultimately selfish beings, that nothing was ever noble and there was no higher purpose whatsoever. The feeling had found him more than once, during his career, although it had been more frequent at first, and now after the divorce it’d come back in full force: how can people really love each other, when they’ll strangle an old lady because she was listening to the Hail Mary at the radio?
Then she dropped out, and the rest was history.
Which was why Sherlock didn’t like the fact that she was not laughing now. She didn't look upset, either, but Sherlock knew her facial expression, had an almost unlimited database of them, and something was bothering her from the way her hands held the wheel, more tightly than usual.
“You want to make our liaison public.”
“Not as often as I should’ve, after my father died,” he replied after a while, which Lestrade knew was a lie, because the neighbours had told him otherwise. “I live in the North, you know…”
“You’re here with your friend?” his mother was asking, when Lestrade sensed the danger, and felt the need to intervene.
“And you took the money.”
“Most definitely,” she said, and just like that she was gone.
He was unsure about how to go about it, though, so he just reached out with one hand, set it on Joanna shoulder, covered by her fancy coat and the sleeves of her velvet dress.
“Lovely!” Joanna said. “He’s got three, hasn’t he?”
“Yes!” Joanna said, with such intensity that someone who didn’t know her well would have seen her as hostile. “You’re everything I never bloody expected.”
“That’s the point!” Sherlock said, raising her hands, then she got up.
“I promise,” Joanna replied.
At half past seven her wristwatch beeped – she looked at him with genuine disappointment in her eyes. “I have to go, I’m afraid,” she said. “It was nice to see you.”
“I hope you’ll find whoever did that!” she said. She sounded very much awake, despite the hour. “Her poor son…”
They didn’t hug all night, every night anymore, but most nights they did, at least just before falling asleep and early in the morning, to keep each other warm, maybe, since it was December, but also because it made Sherlock feel good, in a way she hadn’t experienced since her brief, fleeting months with Victoria, and perhaps not even then. She still disliked sleeping, still had a hard time falling asleep, still wished she could skip the nights altogether, but now a tiny part of her was looking forward to them, too.
which filled him with primeval dread.
“You must be a great uncle,” Mycroft said.
“What?”
“Jo, then.”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade interjected, suddenly moved by the consultant’s display of concern and also confused about his own feeling moved. “Relax. She’s a doctor, she knows what’s up. She’ll be fine.”
was what he wanted to ask instead.
“Sorry, it won’t take long,” Joanna apologized to Lestrade, who was suddenly feeling very out of place, on the backseat. “I think they’ve seen the premiere on the telly. They’re the kind of people who do that, I think.”
“...the son, then?”
Instead, the screen said ‘Mycroft Holmes’. And that’s when Lestrade’s heart skipped a beat.
“Thank you.”
And afterwards they had to greet a lot of people again – important people, who were also there officially, as opposed to recreationally. After the last one, who even kissed Margaret’s hand, like in some kind of twenty-first century Downton Abbey, and took her to the director, to greet him, Lestrade supposed, Mycroft appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, in front of them.
At some point, somehow, Victoria Trevor, proud owner of a swimmer’s physique, the sweetest hazel eyes, and a French bulldog, managed to see in Sherlock the very thing she was trying to hide, and that not even she was entirely aware of. They met again that Friday night, right after another day of Sherlock studying in her room and in lieu of her usual night walk through campus. They kissed. Her lips were softer than Sherlock had let herself hope.
“Family albums?” he asked, in disbelief, as Sherlock removed the blanket and set it aside.
So she took her by the hand and led her to their bed.
“Yeah, must have seen it on the news. You were behind it, right?”
“Let’s not ruin this,” Joanna said. She closed her eyes. “I don’t want to force you and I don’t want this to be an ultimatum. I’m willing to do this for you. You have to think this through, carefully. Your parents, the trust fund…”
“They didn’t disown me or anything – not after everything else I’ve done, but… they said it would pass. That I was confused, as if I hadn’t known since I was twelve… I think…” Sherlock stretched her feet, en pointe, they would have called it, because her parents had tried to sign her up for ballet classes, since she had the long legs and neck and arms that her sister hadn’t inherited. Except that it was nearly impossible to force Sherlock to do something she didn’t want to, even as a child, and therefore she’d never actually got to dance en pointe. “I think they were already disappointed enough. In me.”
Inside the questioning room, the son still looked upset; not the way murderers did, more like a child whose mother has told him that he’s not allowed to jump on the bed.
In the doctor's office, he suddenly felt dizzy. He had wavered and would have fallen if the physiotherapist, always vigilant, had not caught up with him and laid him down on a bed.
"Afghanistan or Iraq? »
On the set, everyone held their breath. It was a risky arrangement, especially a few hours before the concert.  Just the voice during the long minutes of the chorus. The lighting was set to the minimum, the scene completely immersed in darkness with just a blue projector on the singer. In this passage, with the new arrangement, there was only him. He had to go deep inside himself to find his last trenches to carry his voice, to offer himself to the public, to give himself entirely. (to himself.)
His therapist, Ella, had been so worried about the curves that she asked him to draw that John had ended up lying a little, and then finally a lot. He had gotten into the habit of sleeping on the living room sofa, facing the door, with his hand on the stick, his index finger on the trigger, his face against the pillow that smelled like the grease of the gun and absorbed the tears, at the time of the worst nightmares.  He may have known that he was completely safe since his return, but he simply couldn't sleep any other way. He did not allow himself the softness and warmth of a bed that, in any case, he no longer shared with anyone.
Yet, at that very moment, it was not Magnussen who occupied Mycroft's mind.  Nor was it Sherlock who, in any case, had not replied to his message. With a pounding heart, Mycroft got out of the taxi that had stopped in front of the building where Sally lived in Camden. He greeted the caretaker from afar, who discreetly watched the surroundings of the upscale home in this trendy London district and rushed into the elevator that took him to the top floor of the residence in one fell swoop. Sally was waiting for him at the door already ajar.  A quick circular glance revealed to him that the young woman had sent the team back close and that she was alone.  Mycroft hastily dropped his travel bag and umbrella. Urgently, with his heart on the edge of his lips, he looked at the young woman.  He hadn't even had time to ask for anything when she whispered to him in a very low voice:
"Myc, I have to tell you...", Greg began, obviously agitated.
asked Sally not to follow them.
But because he was honest with himself, John knew that his inspiration that day had little to do with the usual themes that made his blog and twitter feed so successful. Since that improbable encounter with Sherlock at the hospital, since the collision of their eyes, since he felt the young man's panicked pulse and the softness of his wrist under his fingers, the shock of the revelation of his identity had amazed John. But very quickly, under what he had perceived under the musician's success, it was doubts, questions, cracks. It would have been necessary to be blind not to guess through the stories and photos telling the immense talent of the musician, the underlying fragility. His entourage, at least the ones who showed themselves in a few articles that seemed more trustworthy than the others, seemed to destabilize the musician than to support him. The worst pictures were those where Sherlock was seen with the president of Underground Records. Charles Auguste Magnussen always seemed to want to touch Sherlock, hold his hand, his shoulder; on all the pictures, we could see him smiling and approaching his thin mouth to his neck, his ear to whisper something to him. We felt that Sherlock was trying to free himself but that the grip was too strong. The only pictures where the musician did not seem to be trapped were those where he was seen with Gregory Lestrade, the latter friendly surrounding Sherlock with his arm while his eyes shone with affection as he looked at him.
Be careful ... a small passage of light BDSM at the end. If you don't like, dont read.
"It's not William, it's Sherlock," replied the musician, and as he said these words, he had leaned his two hands on the doctor's chest to free himself from his wrist. With a movement less flexible than usual and wobbly a little, he nevertheless stood up. "Thank you for your advice, Doctor," he added in a tone that John felt ironic, "and since we're talking about sleep, John - his eyes had slipped on the badge attached to the white coat and to the phone John was holding in his hand - you should stop taking too many night shifts to escape your nightmares and Afghan memories... and if you want to take care of someone, I suggest you look at your brother Harry, because he obviously has alcohol problems.
"Sherlock, it's time to go to rehearsal. Your driver is waiting for you downstairs. Tom and Fred will keep the fans away. You'll be safe. Greg is already in the room working on the final details. Here, take your scarf for your throat. It's really cold today. And if you could have a cup of tea before you leave, that would be a really good idea, you haven't had anything since last night.”
At a mechanical glance, he looked at the ritual that Ella asked him to keep within sight, like a talisman to hold on to when he felt he was leaving for another place to which he did not have to or wanted to give in. That morning, this routine was more than necessary. Already, he had not respected the breakfast stage, contenting himself with a hot tea. He had immediately avoided the idea of preparing a complete meal, vaguely nauseous because of the exhaustion of his sleepless night. Even simple toasts seemed inappropriate to him. He knew that the next step was the shower. At the thought of having to get rid of his hospital outfit that he had kept on him and face the mirror in the white light of his bathroom that would reflect the image of his injured body and tired eyes, he decided to take a little more time to sip his tea.
When he arrived in his apartment, John quickly got rid of his jacket, made tea and opened his computer. The counter of his blog had jumped again, since he had posted the text on the young English soldier who had disappeared the previous week. There were hundreds of small messages, sometimes just icons or smileys and of course, as always, reviews of SoldierForEver, so accurate, so poignant that within a minute, with a tight throat, the doctor, when reading them, was unable to catch his breath.
And he cut off his phone.  It was a poor parade. He knew of course that Mycroft would not be fooled for long, but he had to deal with the most urgent.
Under the attack, Sherlock stretched himself like a bow, ready to jump and, if these two bodyguards who never left him, even on the set, seeing the crisis coming, had not girded him, he would have jumped to Moriarty's throat.
"Lower Sherlock," Moriarty cut, "lower, move your hips more. Put your hand in your belt, give the words, live them. You're still holding back."
The most recent one hit Sherlock in the heart:
It had been a week since the two men had had this conversation. After a really tense studio session where the young man had pulled the drummer out of his hinges, despite his fluctuating moods, Greg and Sherlock had returned to Baker Street, to the tiny baroque and improbable pied-à-terre that the musician wanted to keep near Regent's Park at all costs, despite the magnificent three hundred square metre duplex that the production rented for him in Belgravia and where he was almost ceased to exist since recent events.  In the car, the tension had increased an extra notch between Sherlock and his agent. Greg had closed the window and pulled the curtains so that Rob, the driver, could not hear anything. He had
But obviously this emergency doctor from whom he had deduced the military past at first sight on his haircut, the complexion of his face, and his stiff shoulders thrown back, had not fallen for it. Sherlock understood right away that he had not recognized him at all.  His notoriety did not seem to have reached the dunes of the Afghan desert. Of course, London tabloids of the worst kind, those who flooded their ones with photos stolen at the worst moments of their lives, were not to find their way in the planes that brought mail to the battlefields. The doctor had just focused on his task. He had Sally and the bodyguards out while Greg was being taken to another floor.  The singer had tried to get away from this grip of both firmness and sweetness, but the doctor did not let him go until he checked that the overflow of pills did not put him in immediate danger. He had not asked more questions than necessary, had left them aside, had listened to his heart for a long time, had laid him down on the ground, had asked him to inhale and exhale regularly at his own pace.
Greg closed the stage curtain with a nervous hand and turned to the back. There were only three musicians on stage, a guitarist, a bassist and a drummer. The production had chosen an extremely bare staging, all the audience's attention should be focused on the artist, on his low and deep voice.
"Why are you holding back so long, Sherlock? As soon as you attack you on the third bar, it sounds like you're swallowing the word. We can't hear it. Take it from there. »
On one of the two giant screens that framed the scene, you could see the face of Sherlock who had turned white. He was already sweaty, his brown curls plated on his translucent temples.  Strangely, as if he was no longer really his own, in a kind of second state that did not resemble him, he laid his hand on the belt of his jeans and, leaning on the bass that had resumed, began to swing with his eyes closed, searching for the words. He could feel his heart beating in his throat. A vague nausea on the edge of his lips, the other hand clinging to the microphone so as not to fall, he continued once again.
"Can you tell me what happened ? "he asked the young woman.
And when the singer's breathing seemed to have returned to a more acceptable rhythm, the doctor carefully placed his stethoscope back on his chest, held his shoulders down as Sherlock tried to straighten up.
And now, as he was at the height of exasperation, lying down, eyes closed, on his sofa at home on Baker Street, repelling the familiar anxiety that had not failed to form when the painful evocation had imposed itself on his memory. He was nevertheless, on the verge of finding this measure, when Molly, two fingers resting on the earpiece that permanently connected her to the rest of the outreach team, had pressed her hand on his shoulder, breaking by her gesture, however soft and attentive, any possibility of grasping the notes that he had missed.
Greg looked at the musician - he had lowered his face and splashed it in cool water - he was full of an anger that would have pushed him to slap him, if deep down it wasn't worry that was much more prevalent. It wasn't screaming and violence that was going to help Sherlock at that very moment. He needed something else. He then spoke again very coldly, and because he knew it was a blow that would hurt him very much but might make him think, he added:
But despite the news that Sally had tried to give him in a reassuring tone, Mycroft felt his hands shaking on the phone screen as he sent a message to Sherlock. In the intertwined web of emotions that overwhelmed him at that time, because, of course, his apparent impassivity was only a façade, he did not know which one, anger or anguish, outweighed the other. Of course, he was exasperated against his brother. The press was raging about the fiasco of the cancelled concert, about what they called the whims of a star who despised the audience.   But beyond the scandal, the financial losses, the destruction of the artist's image, it was Charles Augustus Magnussen's cold rage that worried him beyond measure. Underground's powerful boss had expressed his dissatisfaction in his own way, detached, cold, terrifying.
Exasperated, Sherlock erased his brother's message. It was something he often did.  He had had enough of this close, continuous surveillance since he was a child. He knew that Mycroft had excellent reasons to keep an eye on him at all times. Anyway, he always had the intimate feeling that no one trusted him. Molly, his personal assistant, had also tried to reach him. He had turned a deaf ear. Baker Street was his haven, his secret garden. Not even Victor had set foot in it. Their encounters, their nights, those in which the painter demanded everything from him, those in which his body no longer belonged to him and became the object of his partner, had always taken place in the artist's studio in Notting Hill.  Baker Street was Sherlock's sanctuary. Only the very close ones, his brother, Greg and Molly, were usually admitted.
"Sherlock"
"Damn it, Hugh, stop sending the projo in my face. Just because your wife is sleeping with your banker doesn't mean you have to blind me like that..."
"Sherlock, did you even listen? Do you have any questions? "Sally asked.  As for himself, he whispered very softly:
When they arrived at the Palladium, another group of fans was cranking in front of the entrance and started screaming when they saw the Jaguar coming,
Mycroft winced at the ever-present memory of that morning when he discovered his brother shivering, naked, in front of a canvas that the painter, probably in a fit of anger, had torn to pieces. Victor, whom Sherlock's singular beauty had attracted more than anything else, had become accustomed to having the young musician pose for him, stripping his body naked, demanding ever more shamelessness. That day, the broken bow of the violin lay indecently next to the young man. A purple mark marked his chest. And then... it only got worse.  Chasing the terrible evocation out of his mind, Mycroft returned to Greg and again softened his voice, full of solicitude. He leaned towards his companion who was looking at him, his eyes fogged with suffering.
Shouting at everybody, Greg asked in a tense voice.
"William, are you all right?" he asked.  When the latter did not answer, John looked at Sally with an interrogatory look, and Sally gave him a look where anxiety and exasperation were disputed. For the next half hour, John sutured the wound in complete silence. Only the banged breath of the man sitting on the ground was heard, further disturbing the doctor.  As soon as Greg's wound was closed and a final examination reassured him about his patient's condition, John whispered in a firm voice.
"Myc, listen to me, please. It's about Sherlock. I wish I had told you, I should have told you..."
His fingers were tapping the armrest of the chair in rhythm, looking for the third party that would give the final touch to the measures already imagined. For a few minutes, it was there, within his reach, as bright and luminous as the doctor's appearance had been the day before, whose slightly wedge-shaped smile had not really left him.
"Come on, close your eyes... That's good," he said after John had lowered his eyelids. Here's your proof..."
a box, looking gloomy and insecure.  Sherlock added, looking her straight in the eye:
"Not now, not now. I... Leave me alone, Greg." said Sherlock, who, more than anything at the time, wanted to be alone. He knew of course Greg wouldn't comply. He was not surprised when he heard his friend tell him in a voice that he wanted to be very calm but in which anxiety was crackling:
Barts' emergency room looked like a real battlefield that night. A car accident involving four vehicles caused many injuries; a couple was crying in a corner near a stretcher completely covered with a sheet; the waiting room was crowded, both corridors were cluttered with patients sitting in wheelchairs or lying on stretchers, waiting to be taken care of by doctors in the care boxes.
"It's just between us, don't bother talking to Greg about it." And he swallowed both pills, throwing his head back. It would be much better in twenty minutes, he thought coldly, as if detached from himself.
Deep down, Sherlock knew that the author was right, that he wasn't giving himself enough to this song, that his inflections were still below what they could have been. The text resonated too intimately with him. It was simply unbearable. He was exposing himself. His hands, shaking again, grabbed the microphone, he waved to the drummer to pick it up again.
"No, Greg," he repeated. "Right now, I want you to think only of yourself.  Tell me how you feel; does it hurt? Do you want a drink? "But without waiting for the answer, Mycroft, stretched to the extreme, turned feverishly to the door and called Greg's young assistant. Any trace of emotion carefully hidden, as usual, he continued, in a now dry and almost professional voice. "Sally, show me the hospital prescription. What did the emergency doctor say?  What's his name again?  Was it just an intern or a senior doctor? Get me his phone number. Can Greg be transported? Did he take his medication? Call Anthea. Arrange a transfer. Now. In an hour at the latest, I'm taking Gregory home. Did you understand?" he asked in a voice that anxiety made people crackle. "I want to take Gregory home," he repeated, as if words had the power to fix everything.  And in this last statement, it was a whole closed and protected world that Mycroft wanted to build around Greg, to erase the hours that had just passed, the danger, madness and death that had lurked around.
His shift had ended without any problems. The night had passed in the usual whirling of anonymous patients and familiar distress between frightened children, worried mothers, anxious looks and silent questions. And as usual, his hands and words had soothed, reassured, healed.  By providing these always useful gestures, he found a form of appeasement. At those times, Dr. John Watson didn't need to wonder why he was still there, while so many others hadn't returned from the bloody dunes of the Afghan desert.
And he continued to watch over him through the night.
Sherlock didn't even bother to look up.  Communicating was tedious.  Even signing, with the easy flow of hands, required more effort than Sherlock was willing to give for this man.  It wasn't like talking to John; with just one look they could hold an entire conversation, even before he'd lost his ability to speak.
John didn't know if Sherlock was asking because there was no one else to ask or because he knew John must have dealt with something similar. He decided it was probably a bit of both before responding. 'It could be that you don't feel like you fought hard enough to stop it. Weren't smart enough to think ahead and prevent it.'
“Yeah, of course we did,” he answered. “And you can call me John, if you like.”
Once his eyes acclimated to the dark, he recognised the face.
"I'm sorry," John said again.
“Sherlock,” she waved with a wide smile. “Welcome back, dear.” She gave him a hug, which he returned. Then she saw John, still carrying the child in his arms. “Oh, you must be Dennison. Hello.”
“So. You going to have something, then?”
Sherlock closed the door and climbed into the bed, sitting next to John.
'Where would I go?' Sherlock signed.
Dennison gasped.  “Will I get to see dead bodies?”
“You're not supposed to smoke inside.  Besides,” he placed a light kiss on Sherlock's knuckles, “It's bad for your health.  As your doctor I cannot recommend you continue this habit.”  He moved closer and placed another kiss on Sherlock's neck, this time not so light.  "Want me to keep your mind off it for a while?"
John rolled his eyes, relaxing into the almost normal exchange. “What have you been up to? Lots of exciting crimes in Norway?”
“I’m really excited. I still miss my mom and dad, but I love you guys.”
"So he really stopped solving crimes?  He just... gave it all up?"
The boy nodded and ran back inside.
'I promise, John.'
“Don’t you want to be able to talk?” Dennison asked.
"We'll see."
"Where are you going?" John said, leaving the kitchen and the tea he'd started making.  "You know you can't go out alone, what if something happens?"
“Oh, hi Donovan.” He noticed a young girl holding her hand. “Hi, there.”
That made sense, of course Sherlock would have picked up sign language.  Lestrade didn't know how long he'd been without a voice, but regardless he doubted it would have taken him very long to learn.  There was, actually, someone who could interpret.  He just didn't know how Sherlock would react.  'Sally Donovan is the only one here.  We can try to call someone else in, if you want.'
John cringed a bit.  "He's retired, actually.  He used to be a detective-"
Dennison returned with a glass full almost to the rim with water. He handed it to John, who put it to Sherlock’s lips.
Sherlock waited, thinking out what he wanted to say. He didn't want to disconnect yet, and there was something he wanted to ask. 'My scar.'
Sherlock turned, giving Donovan a quick glance before turning back to John and standing close.  He showed John the conversation.
Sorry it's been abnormally long for this update to come.  The switch from old laptop to new involved all kinds of file conversions (I'd used Pages on my Mac, and now I'm using LibreOffice on Ubuntu) and lots of things got messed up in my outline.
“He’s been acting like he’s not scared, but he is. I can tell. I didn’t want anyone to know I was scared when my mom and dad went missing. But I was.”
Sherlock put the instrument down, standing it against the chair, bow at its side.  Then he typed something quickly on his phone and tossed it to John.  'You smell of Mycroft.'
Sherlock just watched them have their fun.
He tried to, focusing on her taste, mildly sweet and a bit earthy.  “I'm sorry, I have to check it,” he said as he pulled away again.  “It might be Sherlock.”
“Sherlock would have figured it out himself if he weren’t blinded by his attachment. He had an ache in his heart, and our cousin needed someone to love him.”
Sherlock waved.
Sherlock now, but he could try to help him in this aftermath.  "I know.  Just... there has to be more than that, Mycroft.  I know he's upset about not being able to talk, but there's something else going on.  Every day he gets worse, more reclusive."
Sherlock nodded, face softening into one of his rare, genuine smiles.  A sort of straight smile that could pass for a frown but they both knew what it was.
“You told him about me?”
They stopped in front of a large wooden door, which she opened for him before disappearing around the corner.
“I knew it all along. You need love just like anyone else.”
Sherlock was stunned still at Dennison's words. He managed to type, 'We'll have to continue this conversation another time, John. I have to have a word with Parson.'
Dennison nodded and ran out of the room.
'Lucky guess.'
'I want this to be over as soon as possible.' Sherlock typed the message out for him.  'I don't want to do this anymore.'
John managed to smile a bit at that.  At least Sherlock wasn't arguing with him.  'Now you're getting it.  Look, I think we're both tired, so let's both get some sleep, and I'll talk to you tomorrow.'
Mary nodded.  "Maybe that's it then.  He didn't want you to drop everything to go with him."
'Any statistician would have said it was impossible for me to survive.  And yet I did.'
Just as he got outside, a cab pulled up to the kerb.
John paced the flat, unsure what to do now.
“So why are you trying to wake me gently? The past few days you've been shaking me awake and barely letting me dress before going out to work on that case.”
John chuckled before walking over to Sherlock and returning his phone.  "How long have you been awake?"
He watched him go before exiting the building himself, the envelope tucked safely in his pocket.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock stood and walked toward the door.
There was a quiver to his voice. One didn't have to be Sherlock Holmes to know what it meant. He already suspected, had already prepared himself for the worst. And why shouldn't he, with no one telling him anything?
He held his hands up and moved them in a shaky but recognizable motion.
"I'll let John know you're spending the night.  And if you try to sneak out I will know, and you won't get very far."
“Celebrate what?”
"But he can communicate.  Talking would be faster and easier, yeah, but he's adapting.  He writes, or texts, or uses sign language, or even uses a touch to communicate something.  His lack of voice isn't the only problem, and I can't help him without knowing what else he's been thinking about.  And I know he gave you permission to answer any question I had.  So tell me.  What else happened to him while he was out there."
John looked toward Sherlock who was standing.  Sherlock nodded as he put his coat on.
Sherlock left before Parson finished his pathetic threat, slamming the door behind him.
John stared at him.  "Didn't Mycroft tell you?"
Sherlock's eyes flicked up to meet John's.  He saw his own ghost in them, all the pain John had suffered in his absence.
John pinched his lips together.  "Ah..." He'd honestly expected her to end it.  "He's completely stubborn and usually ends up crashing quite a lot of my dates..."  Honesty was probably the best thing at this point.
Sherlock wasn't exactly in a mood to play, unless squeaking and screeching would count as playing.  But he didn't have much else to do, and the stars were reminding him of things he'd been trying to forget all night.  'Go up to your bedroom, I'll be there in a few minutes.'
Sherlock passed the book completely into Dennison’s hands as he went to the door, knowing who was behind it.
He didn't mind crowded buildings, but a plane was different. Too many people in one small area, and none of them willing to talk to him.
Mycroft took John's leaving as an opportunity to pay his brother a visit.  Uninterrupted.  He entered 221B with ease, going right to Sherlock's room.
Sherlock glared down at him.
“Molly’s teaching me how to work in a morgue.” Dennison added.
PLEASE READ: I'm posting multiple chapters at once!  Please be sure to read the one before this if you haven't yet!
"Stop, Greg, stop... don't go down that path. »
where he could have found refuge, since Sally and the guys had searched the theatre from top to bottom. Swallowing the steps at full speed, Greg soon reached the top, short of breath.
"Yes, Greg, I'm fine!" he replied strongly so that everyone could hear him.  He turned his back on
By chance, when he got home, he ran into a college friend, Mike Stamford, and they talked, at first with some embarrassment, especially when Mike asked him about his injury. And then quite quickly, Mike told him that he was looking for someone at the firm, that maybe he could hire him.
Sherlock grumbled, unhappy with himself. Since when did he let himself be influenced? And by a stranger, again, someone he had only seen for an hour?  Moreover, a man who had witnessed an inexcusable moment, he thought, of weakness...  ? What an idea he had to reveal his name to him ! And even if he didn't believe it himself, he thought it wouldn't surprise him if his stay in the hospital would, in the coming days, be like the fat cabbage of the country's bad leaves.
Positioning the scialytic
Sherlock then slowly scrolled the screen.  The last tweets were a few hours ago.
Staring at the street that appeared to him from where he was like a tiny strip on which the luminous points of the cars seemed to slide, like mechanical toys, he suddenly heard a noise, twisting his pocket again in search of a last stamp. Of course, it could only be Greg.
"Do you really think, Sherlock, that your brother doesn't see that you're losing it? "Greg asked, looking like he was saying that there was absolutely nothing we could hide from Mycroft.
"William ?" John asked, warning the young man that he would touch him more. "Would you mind lifting your face up? »
And he had guided him patiently, for a long time... Did he suspect that Sherlock, fascinated, was already taking the measure, without knowing it himself, of his heart?
Sherlock breathed a long sigh of frustration. Knowing the past was so easy... But in the end, it wasn't what interested him, any more than the family history of the doctor, that alcoholic Harry whose shaky hands had damaged the phone. No, what Sherlock wanted, what he wanted more than anything to know, was the John Watson of today. The badge he wore on his gown had revealed to him a first name, a surname and his status as a junior emergency doctor. When the doctor asked Sherlock if he wanted to reach a relative and took out his phone, the musician, whose sense of usual observation was multiplied at that time by the incomprehensible attraction he felt, noticed, not without some surprise, that the screen was frozen on the home page of a certain @JHW's twitter account followed by 167425 followers. For a recently demobilized doctor, that was a lot.
With his heart pounding, he threw himself towards the stairs that led to the roof of the concert hall. That was only place
"Myc..." heard John. The doctor looked up, surprised and his eyes crossed Sally's. "But I thought it was Gregory," he asked, showing the file.
And when the latter did not react, John, carefully lifted up the young man's chin. A face of singular beauty, ravaged by tears, offered itself to him. It was like a collision, not with features he didn't recognize at all, but with two icy blue irises whose dilated pupils said too much. John felt pierced through and through. The two men looked at each other without saying a word, one lost in the other's eyes.
"John, you know I have to go alone. If he sees that I am with someone, even if you follow me from a distance, his sentries will see you and I will never be able to contact him. It's my only chance, John. It's tonight or never. If I don't get the information tonight, it's over."
In an instant, Greg made his decision. In the microphone and earpiece that connected him to the stage manager, he whispered in a dry and fast voice.
"No, Sherlock, slammed Moriarty's voice again, it sounds like a puppet, I want a lot more. "And he added in a tone that was as sarcastic as it was ironic: "You know what?   I'm going to tell you something that will help you... when you say yours, think about...
"Hello, Sherlock, how are you?" She followed without waiting for the answer. "Greg is already at the Palladium. So is the production. I remind you that tonight's concert is filmed for BBC 4. It's one o'clock. The musicians will be there at 1:30 p. m. "She added with a grin because she knew it was a sensitive subject: "James Moriarty will also be there, too, at the express request of Mr. Magnussen, in case you need a hand to repeat Mine. We'll do the snitch at 2:00. Complete spinning between 3 and 5 p.m. Then you go to the dressing room. Your physiotherapist will be there, taking an hour's nap. Greg wants you to rest and eat. He brought lavender honey for you, the one you love.  Dressing, make-up. At 8:30 p.m., set up. 9:00 p.m. you start on the first track. We're calling the call-backs at 10:50 p. m.  At 11pm we lower the curtain. Press conference and shooting in your dressing room.  Then you go to the BBC news set for the last edition.  And at one o'clock, champagne and then bedtime. Greg's order," she said with a forced smile. "Here, take the earpiece. From now on, you follow the instructions. "During Sally's speech, Sherlock had seemed absent, he was looking straight ahead, very tense.
body. He avoided looking at his shoulder in the mirror. The injury was too recent. Even if he was no longer in pain, he could not look at the damaged flesh without hearing the laughter of his torturer and the words coming out of his mouth in Dari, promising inevitable pain.
the doctor undertook the delicate task that required great dexterity. The wound was very deep. As he injected with local anesthetic and Greg gradually fell asleep under the effect of the sedative, the doctor could hear the dark haired  man still sitting on the floor breathing too fast.
But Sherlock, thwarting the planned plan, with a sudden charming smile on his face, stepped forward towards the small group.
"It's not what you think, Greg," he said. His words came with difficulty, slowed down, and that, more than the words themselves, completed the panic of Sherlock's agent. "It's just..." The young man's voice took on an even more detached intonation.  "It's just that... all this, all this circus," he made a great gesture pointing to the neon lights in the theatre, "it's just... it doesn't amuse me anymore... it bothers me terribly... you understand... it's not... you know it... you know it..." A kind of grimace lingered on Sherlock's lips. He waved a vague sign to his temple and resumed, on a hard rhythm, which made what he said almost incomprehensible "There is nothing there now, you understand,” and he repeated, with a determined look... “but it's not what you think, Greg. “
Sherlock, at last, turned his face towards Greg. He was white, his jaw stretched out, his eyes marked with dark circles.
The physiotherapist tried to move towards him, hands forward, in a gesture of appeasement.
Obviously, at first glance, he understood that he was a former military doctor who had returned from the front shortly before. There was a stiffness in his posture that did not deceive. The rigidity of the shoulders demonstrated both the long habit of the posture required by the function and the reason for its removal. He had been wounded. His left shoulder was still painful, weeks after demobilization. It was obvious from the way he was throwing his back a little bit. The dark circles, the thinness under the coat, the imperceptible claudication had, in a moment, revealed to him the difficult nights haunted by nightmares and empty, meaningless days. But the extreme precision of the hands, the economy of the gestures spoke for themselves and told of the expeditions in the desert and the number of soldiers cared for in the sand.
"Hi Sherlock, I heard you went crazy during the balance? sang Moriarty's high-pitched voice,
"Sherlock," Greg continued as he approached a step, "talk to me. You're soaked in the rain. You'll get cold. Come
But Sherlock again would not let him continue. Suddenly, his voice became thin and he replied in an almost inaudible breath:
It was the man sitting on the floor who suddenly broke the silence:
"While I think about it, Sherlock, the image staff wants you with three kilos more, because that's no longer possible..." he said, making a gesture with his hand towards Sherlock who, under the attack, draped himself more in his blue silk dressing gown, as if to steal his silhouette too angular from the looks that were all fixed towards him, turning away from everyone and fixing an invisible point in the street through the window.  "Molly, bring him breakfast, eggs, toast... anything. I want to see him eat something before I leave," Moran continued, as if Sherlock wasn't there to hear.
Suddenly, without Greg being able to do anything, Sherlock stood on the wall, facing the void.
to forget the present horror. And it had worked. Since he put his words to all this day after day, a distance seemed to have set in. Of course, he carefully avoided mentioning James Sholto, his musky smell, his confidence.  He wasn't ready. Would it ever be ?   But on the rest, yes, on almost everything else, he put words in and, for the last few weeks, even if he kept sleeping facing the door, just in case, he was better. His words, on the Internet, had even crossed the path of those who had experienced the same thing and his blog and twitter account @JHW, was a definite success. His last text had exceeded ten thousand views.
"I know, Sally, we've been rehearsing for two weeks... don't bother mothering me, even if Greg asked you to," cut Sherlock.
Sherlock, the wet paper clutched in his hand, returned to the living room. Molly must have lit a fire in the fireplace when he was in his room because embers were glowing in the hearth. Strangely enough, Sherlock felt better. The inner shivers had left him. It was even hot. He got rid of his shirt and sat on the floor, bare feet and chest, in front of the fireplace, hands crossed under his chin, facing the flames, still thinking intensely about those few minutes when Dr. Watson had laid him down and made him breathe deeply. The doctor took Sherlock's hand and put it on his own chest. He still heard his words:
"Not yet, William," he whispered. There... give yourself some time. You came very close, you know. He had continued to examine him, his hands assured on his neck, under his arms. A grimace had appeared on his lips as he gently palpated his thin belly and ribs that protruded under the chopped breath but he continued with a light voice his reassuring words. "There... There... slowly, breathe with me... »
"Well, I see you've been thinking about Tim, you know your young fan... He's going to see you in your best condition tonight... Nice show for a teenager! Well done, Sherlock!”
Greg grinned, a blow to the heart, as he saw the message appear on the screen. His interlocutor may have been on the other side of the Atlantic to sign a new contract, but he always seemed to have antennas when it came to his brother.
"John, I...", he began in a low voice. He had a moment of hesitation. "John, you know this is for us, and for Mycroft, don't you?
The young man, still sheltered in the shade of the room, passed his tongue over his lips and very slowly, repeated:
"Yeah, hi, it's Shazz, you made me what I asked you, you got the information? Behind the last pile of Vauxhall Bridge?"
What could a medical officer, who had only recently returned home, write such a talented letter to be followed by so many followers? Since Sherlock had seen the number of subscribers, the counter had risen again. The doctor's profile was surprisingly simple and fit in three words, Doctor. Soldier. Author. The last word plunged Sherlock into an immense perplexity.
Sherlock finally arrived on the set a good half an hour late. The team was already very tense. There was a crazy world on the stage between the equipment guys who positioned the desks, the lighting designers, the stage manager and the musicians unpacking their personal instruments. When Greg saw Sherlock coming, he sighed with relief, quickly stopped when he looked at the bright eyes and shaky hands that the young man was trying to hide in his pockets.
John rubbed his patient's sternum firmly to make him come to. With a moan of pain, he finally opened his eyes. As he tried to hold his hand towards his temple, which obviously made him suffer a lot, John gently stopped his gesture.
"It's a good thing, too," Greg continued, looking determined. And it was he who passed Sherlock, still holding him tightly, as if he was afraid of losing him.
In a vertigo, he heard Victor's hand slamming on his skin, whispering orders in his ear when he hugged him from behind. Suddenly, he hated himself even more. Wouldn't he finish with ghosts anymore? Would he remain a prisoner of his demons of the past? Today, it was the life he wanted. It was the energy that the crowd sent back to him when he was on stage that he wanted. It was the feeling of music being born and flowing in him whose source he had to find. And for that, he knew it, it was the osmosis of a body against his own that he was burning to feel again. Like a background wave, the image of Dr. John Watson's charming smile overlapped with the reflection of his face reflected from the mirror. At the end of frustration and anger against himself, filled with a desire he could not explain for this man he had only seen once, Sherlock threw his fist into the glass which broke sharply under the force of the blow.
But the hope of finding the saving notes was short-lived. Already, they had flown away, fleeting and misleading. He knew that if he had had the courage to take his violin, he could have found it easier to find those few measures he was missing. But it was now a gesture that he had been forbidding himself since Victor. He only composed on an electronic keyboard that he knew intimately that it did not correspond to his mode of creation. Since the events, to the great despair of his brother and Greg, he had not touched his instrument.
He suddenly pushed the sheet back and forced himself to stand upright, while the unfinished pleasure was still beating in his painfully erect sex. Forcing himself to look away from himself, Sherlock stood up, and automatically looked for eyes on his bedside blister of pills prepared by his staff that helped him to hold on in the senseless rhythm that his life had taken over the past two years, chaining periods of composition, studio recording, promotion, TV sets and tours. But, as he was about to take a stamp, recently heard words suspended his action.
I see you've been thinking about Tim, you know your young fan... He's going to see you in your best condition tonight... Nice show, for a teenager...
If Tom and Fred hadn't been there to hold him, Sherlock, hearing Moran's last words, would have rushed at him, but he just had a little contemptuous laugh.
The anxiety was felt in his voice and he squeezed the detective's shoulder with such force that Sherlock could no longer move forward and he took the measure of the doctor's determination. He then approached his friend whose eyes were shining with annoyance.
Sherlock, with a raging helping hand, swung the teapot to the ground, the boiling water splashing his hand, without him noticing at that moment.
So it was the dunes of Kandahar and its starry vault that he had started to tell on his blog. And even more, the sweat, the blood, the embraces torn from the surrounding fear, the violent kisses given in the dread of a death that could happen at any moment, the bodies that sought  in pleasure
Looking a little further away, Greg looked down at the bottom of the floor, half empty. It was predictable. The ticket office had been bad. The sales of the last single, after the enthusiasm of the first week, had returned... Of course, a certain cultural press had praised what it called a conceptual rock of the very first magnitude, but the popular tabloids had gone wild against the composer... In the worst tabloids of London, there had been violent, inappropriate and indecent criticism of the artist's escapades, his personality considered ambiguous, the deplorable example that his excesses caused in some young people. His words were considered haughty, contemptuous. During his last interview, the musician could not hide his contempt for the journalist who was questioning him. Sherlock’s sharp eye had been on the man's worn out and badly ironed jacket, his shaky hands, his slightly cracked lip, a bruised eye that he hid behind sunglasses, his alcoholic breath and the pile of documents on his desk with a registered letter on top. In a supremely condescending tone, he had dropped at full speed:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
taking picture
"Myc," he repeated, "Myc..." ,he began to shake and push back the sheet that covered him.
"You know that when it comes to you, he has antennas," Greg said again.
"But no, Sherlock, you're wrong, we just want to help you through this moment..."
John, amazed, scrolled through the tweets, his hands sweaty. He couldn't believe his eyes. Suddenly, the pieces of the puzzle came together. He understood in a split second why someone had tried to hide the identity of the young man, the presence of bodyguards, the face hidden in the collar of the coat. New tweets came along, each more hateful than the next. It was a flood of violence and insults that John then discovered with surprise. The forced distance of the last three years had prevented him from becoming aware of the musician's notoriety and escapades. The name Sherlock Holmes meant almost nothing to him, and in any case, if he had very vague feelings of having heard it one day, he didn't connect it with that of a rock star.  With his heart racing, he switched from Twitter to the web and fell on the singer's Facebook pages. There, the "Sherlock, we love you" replaced the insulting words but if these pages reflected the passion of the fans, they also revealed in hollow the immense pressure that was weighing on the artist.
An unpleasant sensation lodged in the hollow of
"What did you say? "he asked Moriarty in a suddenly distressed voice.
"My boss fell off a roof. Fortunately, his fall was stopped almost immediately by a construction scaffold that was miraculously against the facade of the building; he finally fell only three metres high but still lost consciousness...".  While Sally continued her explanations, John was able to make a rather reassuring initial diagnosis. Glasgow's score was satisfactory. The patient was likely suffering from a minor head injury, two fractured ribs and a broken ankle, but nothing more. It would be good for a few weeks of convalescence and rest. For the time being, the most urgent thing was to suture the wound, which was bleeding heavily, despite the bandages.
Quickly, John typed into the browser Sherlock Holmes and arrived on the musician's website, sciencedurock.com. What he discovered was a thousand miles from what one could expect to find. It was not the agreed list of concert dates and albums already published or to come out, but entire pages devoted to research on the different trends in English conceptual rock, as if this site was not an emanation of the artist's promotion but rather a completely personal content. It was not surprising, given the demands and severity of the subject, that the visit marker was so weak, John thought, more and more intrigued.
Composing had always been his major asset, it was what allowed his mind always in motion to finally calm down. When the inspiration was there, for days, he didn't say a word, completely lost in his inner music. He was no longer eating, no longer sleeping, to Greg's great despair as he tried to at least make him swallow tea and toast from time to time.  He loved more than anything to stand in front of the living room window of this improbable and bizarre apartment, adorned with a thousand disparate and baroque objects. He would slip his Strad, a gift from his brother Mycroft, under his chin and for hours, days and days, the bow would twirl on the strings in the most exquisite way and give birth to melodies each more vibrant than the next. It was there in this tiny apartment on Baker Street that he composed his greatest hits, those that had established him nationally and made him the driving force behind Underground Records, the Major of the powerful Charles Augustus Magnussen.
"Not now, not now. I... Leave me alone, Greg. "And as he said these words, the young man came a little closer to the edge.
"Oh... Sherlock," she tried in a clumsy voice and finally uncomfortable, "we know very well that for Greg, it's not your... But she did not have the opportunity to continue. Sherlock had already turned away and rushed into his room. The only sounds that echoed the young assistant were those of a double-turned latch and a computer cover being opened suddenly.
But a few hours later, that day, the whole team arrived without warning.  Molly of course, but also the number two of Underground records, Sebastian Moran, Magnussen's handyman, always confined to lowly works.  Tom and Fred, his bodyguards had made their reappearance, discreet, solid, always there when it was necessary... and also when it was not necessary. Two real pots of glue.  And then there was Kitty Reilly, the press secretary, on the phone, flanked by her own secretary. The physiotherapist and the coach had arrived last, with, on their shoulders, the Underground communication manager and the two trainees who never left him.   The apartment was crowded.  It was unbearable. Sherlock would have given anything to sneak into his room and find some silence. His whole body was screaming at him to get what he needed from the drawer at his bedside. The musician wiped the palm of his wet hands on the blue silk of his long robe and tried a discreet escape. But Molly, who was on her way to the kitchen to make tea, blocked his way.   Moran, on the other hand, had set up on the sofa to start a videoconference with the Major's artistic director. It was about the arrangements on the current album and especially on the track Mine. He kept looking at Sherlock with cold eyes, disgusted.
As soon as John had finished writing, the notifications of comments and "I like" began to flood his mailbox. Overwhelmed by the effort of writing, drowned in a flood of emotions that he did not really understand himself, he slowly closed his keyboard and dropped his head backwards, his eyelids closed, his heart pounding, a heat becoming familiar to the most intimate part of himself, flooding his belly in an almost unbearable expectation.
Five days... for five days he hadn't slept a wink. Even for him, it was getting too much. Molly, his private assistant, had insisted that he try to follow the sleep rhythm that the medical staff recommended. She exhorted him to lie down in the shadows, tempted him with cups of milk sweetened with honey, coddled him with promises of a night without dreams. But he had sent everything away, his nerves raw. This tenuous melodic thread, which he pursued relentlessly and which he knew would be his most intense composition, stubbornly refused to accept him. He was constantly stumbling upon this minor third that broke the line that his inspiration was trying to follow, without success. He was at the end of frustration and anger against himself. The worst part is that he knew very well what could have solved the situation, but the most intimate part of himself refused to do so. The painful image emerges once again.
The night before, Sherlock had suddenly jumped up and whispered an "I'm going out", just before exchanging his pants and shirt for a dirty and oversized tracksuit, while whispering on the phone, his voice counterfeiting:
When he woke up, he needed a period of time to rebuild himself, especially on nights when the shadows brought him back to Sholto and Fayaz and in Pashto, he heard the pleas of the wounded. Ella had given him a protocol to follow. Open your eyes. Let the light in. Breathe deeply. And get up right away. Move. Breathe again. Drink as much as possible. Bar what he had done to measure the actions accomplished. Get dressed. He had 30 minutes for this ritual. He clung to the watch dial like a drowned man at a lifebuoy. And the whole day was sequenced like that. Ella had told him that soon he would find his own rhythm, that the desires would follow, that he was for the moment in between. He had to accept to give himself time, allow himself pleasure, allow himself to live. She had advised him to open a blog and write down what he was doing. He had been standing in front of a blank page for weeks.  He had seen a few former buddies of his rugby team again, gone to rehabilitation meetings for former soldiers, performed night shifts three times a week at Barts' emergency room, held a duty at the local infant clinic every Monday, but he felt that he was doing nothing, that his life had remained there in the Afghan mountains, in those villages bombed by shelling where he was trying to calm the terrified screams of children when he took the enemy machine gun from their wounded bodies.
The answer was immediate.
And now, a few hours later, the musician was there, lying on his bed in his silent room. He had just woken up, soaked in sweat, a hand lost, in spite of himself, on his painful sex.   When he left the hospital, he ignored messages from Molly begging him to return to his Belgravia apartment, managed to send home his two bodyguards who grumbled that it was against orders, that he should never be left alone, that Greg would be furious when he woke up and that he would hear about it. To get rid of it, he mumbled that he would be careful, that he would go straight to Baker Street and that he would not go out.
"Sherlock... he has..." and Greg took a long break as if he wanted to delay the blow he was going to give to the man he loved, "Myc, your brother has fallen back. »
But the musician shortened it with a sudden gesture.
"Calm down, Greg, calm down. He's coming. We'll call him." Sally glanced at the skinny man still sitting on the floor, his back resting against the wall and his hands shaking all the time. One of the guys who had been overhanging him a little earlier had knelt next to him and, at Sally's silent request, searched his wet coat pocket and handed him his phone. The man fingered frantically a short message.
Pushing as far as possible the image of this hated man, but whom he was forced to suffer, placing his mug on the coffee table, closing his eyes, singing for himself, Sherlock allowed himself to follow the melodic line that had been floating in him for a few days already, before the fiasco of the concert at the Palladium.
was revealing an intimate part of himself that he didn't want to reveal to the public.  But the more he refused, the more
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
A deaf complaint crosses Sherlock's lips. He didn't know how long he had been on the roof. Stumbling on his numb legs, he walked towards the low wall at the edge of the open-air terrace, which formed a pathetic protection against the vacuum, sat on the cold concrete and dropped his legs down.
"Yes, but then you go straight to school," said the musician, ruffling the boy's hair with a light hand. "Promise? "And as soon as the teenager took the shot, Sherlock walked away from him at a fast pace, without looking at him, and rushed into the back of the car, reminding himself to ask Molly to check if Tim had gone back to school. Sally was waiting for him sitting in the front passenger seat.
It was the feeling of a gust of wind bringing sand into his eyes that brought John back to the dunes of Kandahar. It was already late. He was crossing Postman's Park to get to  Barts where he was on duty that night. An additional day had been added, similar to all the days he had spent since his return..
of everything and anything,) the microphone in front of the curtain, the huge speakers hanging on either side of the stage, the projectors sweeping the audience in every direction.  A score that had slipped to the ground seemed to attract the lust of Tim, a fan. From where he was, Greg could see his silhouette dressed entirely in white, probably as a tribute to the cover of the last album.  The young man had leaned on the edge of the stage, he was about to climb up, and only the two hands of a friend who held him firmly behind, constituted the rampart that prevented him from rushing
Obviously, in the eyes of everyone lately, he seemed to have become even more capricious than usual, but Sherlock knew deep down that it wasn't that and that there was something else more. Only Greg understood of course. Sherlock had guessed it by his way of being even more vigilant, by his interrogating glances, by his vain attempts to make him talk.
“I want to be out, Sherlock,” Jo said. “With or without you.”
Then they spoke of Lestrade’s nephew and nieces. They spoke about a dinner at an Italian restaurant they both liked, and even set a date. With mum, they agreed. She must want to see the kids more often. They didn’t say ‘I miss you’, but it was definitely there.
“Want me to drive you there?”
“So you don’t think it was a robbery,” Donovan stated, as soon as the saw the two women. “Clearly.”
“The husband,” Lestrade said.
“You’re supposed to say thank you,” Joanna said.
“With the short hair. And all…”
“But…”
“From me,” Sherlock said. It was as if she had to sacrifice all the strength in her body just to say those two words.
They dined at home more often, which was probably good for their health and finances, anyway, and when they ate out they always tried new places, always secluded, in quiet parts of the city and quiet hours of the day, and they still managed to get photographed sometimes. They held hands, sometimes, over the table, they didn’t say no to the candles and they called them dates; it was just a matter of luck if the tabloids hadn’t figured that one yet, or voluntary blindness.
They stopped on the side of the road, out of the way of oncoming cars. They were close to Lestrade’s house already.
She tried to find something to say to reply to what Joanna had told her.
“And you got mad, because your mother had hidden all the money from you – and what a life you’ve had: you’ve had to work your way through university, only after many sacrifices you got to open your own firm, and now you discover that it could have been so much easier, and you wouldn’t even need to pay your mum’s rent…”
And no one really knew how or when exactly she came along – she just started showing up to crime scenes with Sherlock at some point, adding medical advice and a further level of illegality to their consulting business. She was reluctant to talk at first, and Sherlock nearly had to pry her findings out of her; afterwards she’d grown more confident, and she was, all things considered, very bright. It was hard to notice, because she always accompanied Sherlock everywhere, but Lestrade didn’t doubt that, taken individually, Joanna was a very smart woman. She was a doctor, for Christ’s sake.
"I don't care! "Sherlock shouted loudly. It was like a teenager being stalked, trapped in his last trenches.
On the other side of town, John Watson, lying on the sofa facing the door, with his palm tightened on the stock of his gun, saw his mobile phone screen light up and reveal a message that initially left him in extreme perplexity. The sight of the signature made his heart jump.  An uncertain smile appeared on his lips.
"So what?"
Without raising his head, still silent, the man showed Sally the phone and she leaned back towards Greg, whispering a few words in the wounded man's ear, who gradually calmed down. During this exchange, John had prepared a suture kit. The gestures repeated a thousand times in the Afghan desert gave him an assurance that everyone felt.
Sherlock had therefore gone from apathy to a state of unusual overexcitement. On the stage, everyone was making a round back, waiting for the storm to pass. But as the minutes went by, the tension increased and the balance ended in a climate of aggressiveness that did not herald anything good for the spinning that would follow.
"Sherlock, a picture, please, Sherlock," begged a young teenager as he rushed to the musician.
"Molly, I want a report every day. Tom and Fred, you're not leaving him for more than a minute. Sally will take care of the logistics until Lestrade is handed over. By the way, Sherlock," Moran continued, "and it was the last final blow he gave the young man, "you would have wanted to get rid of your agent that you wouldn't have done otherwise... I heard he almost died, you know? »
Sherlock looked at him.
He was just starting to think the basket felt a little heavy when he felt someone bump into him from behind.
"Sherlock," he called in a quiet voice.  He rubbed Sherlock's back, trying to wake him without scaring him.  "Sherlock, wake up."
He was gone before John even accepted the fact that he was leaving at all.
He spent most of the time wishing he could talk to John.  Not just type at him, but
to him.  Not being able to talk wasn't just not having a voice.  He couldn't think without talking.  There were times when he needed absolute silence and there were times where he needed to talk everything out and not being able to do that left parts of his brain untouched for fear of overworking them.  If he could talk, he could come up with better solutions to his problems.
They both stilled for a second, then turned to look at John.
"Oh, god," she said, raising her hand to her mouth.  "I'm so sorry, I didn't know."
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Erm, sure.” He kissed the boy’s cheek and watched him close his eyes to go to sleep.  He and Sherlock left the room and closed the door behind them. Sherlock leaned against the door.
“Oh,” John said as Sherlock wrapped him up. He hugged him back though, with an almost childish giggle. “Feeling better then?”
He pushed himself off his chair and dragged himself to the bathroom.  He looked in the mirror behind the sink and he could see them, gravity's arms, fingers like spider legs, almost mechanical as they closed around any part of him they could reach.
“The dramatics.”
'How soon can you get me to London?' As much as he loathed relying on his brother, Sherlock knew Mycroft was the best bet. A minute after he sent the text, he got a reply.
After making himself a cup of tea and sitting on the sofa to unwind a bit, he opened his laptop.  He wasn't really sure what he'd planned on doing on it, but as soon as the screen woke up, the chat window from the last time he'd used it was displayed.  And Sherlock was online.  So he sent him a call.
“Your cousin? You're willingly spending time with a member of your family?”
At her words, Sherlock pulled his arm free and put a few inches between him and John.  He got a quick glance from John but it was over in a flash and then he was talking to the women again.
"A technicality," John pointed out.  "Please.  I need to know."
“Ah.” John didn't have to know any more. Sherlock's comfort around children would have surprised most people, but not John. He knew why Sherlock had his reservations around them, of course. Despite his normal lack of concern for how people see him, he does know most people see him as a threat, especially to youth. Neither of them knew why, really, but Sherlock tended to keep his distance from them and John never said anything about it. “That's nice. His parents giving you any trouble?”
With what energy he had left he stood and walked to the mountain of boxes at the other side of the room.  He dug through a few, looking for one item in particular.  Something he'd asked his brother to send him.  He'd refused, of course, but the tone he'd used gave him away in an instant.
“This is going to be good for him. And for you.” John said quietly.
So here he was, outside the flat Sherlock had been put up in since his return.  What was he doing here?  He'd expected Sherlock to attempt rekindling their friendship (in a very Sherlocky way, of course).  He'd been prepared for that.
Parson stood, pushing the chair away from him with his movement. “And what would you have me tell him, Sherlock?” he asked, almost pleading. “You want me to tell a six-year-old that you've been slicing your own arm open two or three times every night?”
By the time nearly three hours had passed John was really starting to worry.  The Sherlock he knew before could sit and think for hours, yes, but never had he been so still.  He usually moved his hands, his shoulders, or at least his eyes as he scanned the images his brain projected into his physical world.
Sherlock didn’t look up from the pan.
'Won't I be in the way?'
Sherlock nodded.
And he hoped whoever would become his cousin's new parents would be good to him.
'There are things I need to do.'
Sherlock looked away, like he couldn’t admit Dennison was right. Molly just let out a chuckle.
"What?  What for?"
"I'll-" John cut himself off, figuring Sherlock would refuse his help and end up getting hurt again.  "Please hold on to the bannister?"
“How do you know?”
Dennison had wanted to spend the night at the hospital with Sherlock, but John had taken him home after Sherlock was dosed with another sedative.
But she told him where he was.
'We'll discuss it,' Sherlock signed.
“Well, I…” John stopped beating the eggs in the bowl in his hand.  “I like him too.”
Sherlock found an appropriate place to stop his music and looked up from his chair. “Finally, you're awake.”
"I mean it," Lestrade warned again.  "Keep quiet."
-Turner, AKA finnemoreshusband
In that moment Sherlock felt like a small child.  Hugs had been a necessary evil then, and were an unwelcome gesture now, but he patted John's back.
"We'll text, right?  Video chat?  I know you can't talk, but you can type."
But Dennison didn't have much trouble catching on to what Sherlock was trying to explain.  What he lacked in musical skill he made up for in communicating, something Sherlock had always had trouble with.
"So," John asked as they walked without a destination, "any particular place you wanted to go?"
“I think it'd be fun,” Dennison announced with a bright smile.
John bit his lip, until another message came through.
John reached out, slowly so Sherlock would see and not be startled when a hand touched his back.  He watched Sherlock's face soften, eyes drift closed for just a second.  Sherlock had a tendency to flinch or defend himself at the threat of being touched.  But it was no secret, at least between them, that despite what Sherlock had said at first, John was an exception.  There was no way to rationalise how he seemed to relax anytime John reached out to steady him or pulled him in for a hug.
Soon he felt Sherlock's breathing slow, and saw his eyes were closed.
They stayed locked in a staring competition, pouty faces slipping into intense, unblinking glares, until Dennison finally gave up and started to giggle.
'Two nights ago.'
Dennison's eyes lit up.  “Will you play for me?”
Sherlock didn't know what to think of that.  He was, as he'd been told constantly, definitely not funny.  But he
"He didn't return Sherlock's feelings," Mycroft said easily.  "He remains under my watch and protection.  They've kept in contact, although Sherlock has plans to put an end to that."  Mycroft's stone face faltered for a moment so small John thought he might have imagined it.
'I had considered that.  But I think he has developed an emotional attachment to me, so I am also taking advantage of him.'
'Maybe a visit would be beneficial.'
“No, no way.”
"I won't.  I won't say anything about it," she promised.  "Sherlock?"  Once she had his attention, she signed a few words to him.
Sherlock nodded.
"Would he do that?" The question was more for himself.  Sherlock wasn't usually the one to care whether he was inconveniencing anyone or not.  But, then again, Sherlock had changed since he and John first met.
“Thank you.  And get him a new doctor.”
'I've got some news.  But it can wait if you need to talk.'
Sherlock's hands moved in a tiny encore and Sally looked at him, confused and a bit sad.
"He... told you this?"
'I feel anger and regret. Aimed at myself. But it doesn't make sense. I didn't do that to myself. I can look down and see the scars on my arm and not feel anything like that. But the one on my neck was given to me by someone else and yet I feel responsible.'
He saw the recognition in her eyes.  Of course she knew, everyone knew.  "John Watson," she said, getting it.  "I didn't realise... it sounds like a common name..."
But after a minute a reply did come. A series of replies, actually, one following quickly after another.
Sherlock nodded and followed him out into the hallway. He turned toward John and saw pain on his face.  He reached a hand out to grab John’s arm and steady him.
"Mrs. Hudson is downstairs."
"I keep waiting to wake up to hearing you playing," John said as he shut the door.
“Yeah.  Is it okay if I stay here tonight?  You can't sleep in my chair and I don't want to be alone.”  He didn't wait for an answer, instead just sliding right under the covers after placing his toys on the floor.
Sherlock took his time to think out what he wrote.  'I need time away.  My head isn't right, lately.  And my cousins need someone to oversee things due to a recent event, so Mycroft is sending me in hopes that it will make me better.'
They stayed like that for a long time. As long as Sherlock wasn't letting go, John wasn't. He felt Sherlock's arms squeeze a bit tighter before loosening completely, and he backed out of the embrace.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, looking at the floor.
“I'm tired.”
"I'm his friend, Mary.  The only one he's got.  Half because he dislikes people, and half because no one else has ever taken the time to understand him."
"He fell in love, Dr. Watson."
That was when he noticed he had no blanket covering him. He checked the floor to see if he had kicked it off, as this was not unusual for him since he had a habit of being restless even in sleep. But it wasn't on the floor. Then he remembered Dennison had decided to spend the night with him, so Sherlock looked the other way.
“Okay.”
“Is Dr. Parson coming with us?”
They were by Parson's door, and Sherlock took a deep breath, composing his face. He knelt down and tried to look as not-angry as possible. It wasn't Dennison he was furious with, after all.
He took the pad back from her and took his time writing out his response before handing it back to her.
This time Sherlock's nod was not so conflicted.
‘No.’
“Sherlock?”
“Because I know Sherlock.”
“That bastard.  You're vulnerable, he shouldn't be...”
He ran his thumb over one of the scars, the shorter of the two.  He'd seen many similar ones throughout his life.  It only made him wonder how many more, similar or not, could be found on this body.  How many bruises, gashes, lashes had he endured?  Was this the only one, or the worst of them all?
'Your flight details have been sent to your email. I'll have a car waiting for you at the airport.'
Dennison nodded. “I got him to eat too.”
Sherlock shook his head. ‘You’re the smartest idiot I know.’
'He doesn't know. Honestly I'm not sure what Mycroft expects me to do here; his people are looking into their murders and there are lawyers handling everything else.'
Funny.  John felt a little sting in his chest.  He'd thought Sherlock's newfound openness had had something to do with him.
After a few seconds, his strength was back and his head was clear.  He released John, using his eyes to send an apology for grabbing him too tightly.  John gave a tiny shake of his head, he knew Sherlock didn't mean to hurt him, and it wasn't really that bad.  And although Sherlock had let go of John, John did not let go of Sherlock.  Instead, he locked arms with him in case it happened again.
"You okay?"
“That boy adores you.”
“Okay,” Dennison stood and grabbed Sherlock's hand as they started walking along the path.
"He gets dizzy..." John answered, not looking away from him.  He took his hands away from him but Sherlock swayed again.  John steadied him again and this time Sherlock held onto him, as if along with the dizziness he'd also lost a lot of the strength in his leg.  His fingers dug into John's arm, trying to stabilise himself.
"What happened to your arm?"
"No, I don't mean whoever you were... targeting," John argued.  "I mean you.
He blinked.  Why had he done that?  No, wait, what had he done, exactly?  He raised his forearm so it was level with his eyes and he inspected the cut.
John shook his head.  "You wouldn't hurt me.  You wouldn't hurt anyone.  Not without reason, and I know your brain is like a super computer, absorbing and processing data, and you may have developed an instinct to kill but you are not dangerous.  You know the difference between threat and non-threat, between enemy and friend.  You haven't even been startled by me."
Sherlock responded, 'I know you haven't.  I was waiting until Dennison went to bed.'
He pulled out three small books from the bag on his lap. “These are too hard for me.”
"Oh, I see," she interrupted, the rest of the explanation unnecessary.
'I need to leave.'
John watched the way Sherlock's body seemed to tighten and become smaller with each passing minute. “Maybe you should go get some sleep. There will be plenty of time after you wake up to do whatever you want.”
Really, it wouldn't be that hard to get some more. It's never difficult for him to sniff it out.
"The fuck you can't, Sherlock.  What is going on?  Just a few minutes ago you told me 'a short trip.'  Permanently moving to Norway isn't a short trip."
“I’ll be there soon.’
John had a feeling Sherlock pretty much knew what John's responses would be. He'd deduced his whole life after knowing him for less than a minute, how could he not deduce previous emotional states after living with him for two years? But if talking about it helped Sherlock understand, it would be okay. 'I was useless, Sherlock. I was a soldier but I wasn't good enough to fight anymore. I don't believe in destiny; I chose that purpose for myself and losing it meant I lost everything.'
'Maybe I'm not just doing it for you.  Maybe this is a selfish act disguised by words of concern for you.'
John didn't go to sleep that night, didn't even bother to try.  He knew his thoughts about Sherlock would keep him awake.  What went on in his head?  What did he dream about?
"Oh, I'm sorry," a voice said.
John had decided to spend the night at Mary's again that night. He made sure to bring his laptop with him, so he'd have it when Sherlock was ready to talk.
'Were you planning on it?'
He thought maybe they could start their own little patch of a garden.  The staff were maintaining the ornate flowers and shrubs but it could be nice for him to have something all his own.
After keeping up with this schedule for only two weeks, he began to feel more in charge, more in control of himself. The rules weren't so strict so that he felt shackled and suffocated, but allowed for him to feel like he could make and execute his own decisions. He'd even stopped taking the sleeping pills, having found that it was easier to slow his brain down when he had someone else's breathing to focus on besides his own.
Dennison laughed loudly and Sherlock beamed at him.
"Well, I'll give you some space, then.  I'll be back tomorrow, Sherlock."  Dr. Parson left the room, closing the door behind him.
"Donovan," he started, "thanks.  For... translating."  He continued after she gave a reserved nod.  "We'd appreciate it if you didn't tell anyone about him.  People will find out, eventually, but..."
“I don't think I'll let him. I'll be right back with your supplies.”
'Are you alright?'
'Of course.'  Sherlock really doesn't know why a kid would want to spend this much time with him, but he thought it was at least good that he wasn't refusing to see anyone.  This way he could keep an eye on him.
John sighed, taking in the feeling of Sherlock's hands on him. “Okay, but on one condition.”
He replied as best he could with one arm partially restrained.  Her hands moved a bit more and his only response was a low nod.  He tugged lightly on the arm wrapped through his.  He and John walked out, arms linked, and caught a cab home.
"John may not know where you were last night, but I do.  Sherlock, how can you be so foolish?"
'I'm glad, Sherlock,' was John's response. Sherlock wished he could see his face, watch his lips moving and hear the words in John's voice. But he didn't want to wake his cousin. 'Is there anything you want to talk about tonight? We've mostly talked out your frustrations and things. But if there's anything else bothering you, you can talk to me.'
“That’s more like it. Off we go.”
"Soon."  John repeated.  "You just got back and you're leaving already?"
Sherlock looked like he was thinking about it.  Who could escort him, other than John?  As if he'd let anyone else anyway.  He rolled his eyes and stuck out his elbow, creating a small gap for John to weave his arm through.
“But why?”
Eventually the clouds became darker and it started to rain.
“Yes, okay,” she let go of him and stood from the sofa.  “I'm going to take a shower.”
Sherlock focused his strength on gripping one of John’s arms to pull himself so he was sitting upright.  He stared at him, eyes still wide with fear.
'You're upset with me.  Usually, when that happens, you leave.  You won't now because you'll feel guilty for abandoning me but I don't need your pity.  You want space, so I'm giving it to you.'
Sherlock put on his business face, a calculated contortion meant to appear indifferent.  Eyes just wide enough to show general humanity, lips straight and pressed together to appear patient, nostrils relaxed to imply calmness.
(See the end of the chapter for
One of the staff appeared and told them dinner was ready whenever they wanted to eat before moving down the hall to give Dr. Parson the same message.
Sherlock tried to think of ways to entertain him. Nothing seemed to be quite enough, until he felt his phone go off in his pocket. It was a text from John.
"I'm sure he doesn't see it that way."
'Is it causing you pain?'
Even though he knew the conversation was over, John waited a few minutes to see if any more texts came.  He didn't know what kind of text he was expecting.  A deep, emotional outpouring?  A cry for help?  Even with Sherlock acting strange, he didn't think either of those were realistic.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Sherlock quickly glance down to hide the slight twitch of lips.
'I'll have security posted to keep an eye on John, then.'
They walked toward him as he flopped himself down in the mud.
“Oh.  Well, I think you're good.  You used to save people, or find things that were stolen.  That's good.”
"There's not railing everywhere, Sherlock, and no you won't anyway.  Where are you going?"
They spent a long time in silence, the only noise being a page flip or fingers clicking away at the laptop.
Every minute that Sherlock didn't reply, John's worry grew. But he tried to keep himself calm, reminding himself that Sherlock did say something about having to have a conversation, maybe he was too busy to reply.
“Thanks!” Dennison said, smiling brightly.
'Moriarty?'
"Can I ask you something?" He giggled a bit as Sherlock's nod tickled his ear.  "What did Sally say to you as we were leaving today?"
John couldn't watch him believe that that was what he deserved.
So Sherlock grabbed the files and his laptop and sat next to him.   He pretended not to notice when Dennison scooted closer before opening his book.
'I won't be.'
“Can we go outside again?"
“I have been.” Sherlock smiled and leaned forward the little bit needed in order to press his lips to John's.
“Yes, well, no matter what he says about 'visiting', after seeing you smile like that, I don't think he'll be leaving again.”
Parson sighed and went back to his novel.  At least he was able to take that hint and leave Sherlock be.
"He doesn't like anybody, don't take it personally," John explained.
“Did you get your voice back?” Dennison asked.
As John prepared breakfast for the two of them, he couldn't help but feel the worry from last night return.  Sherlock had been fine with John helping him before, and he didn't have a broken ankle then.
“He’ll be fine,” John answered.  “A bit of a nightmare, I assume?”
It was almost a week before both Sherlock and John found time in their schedule to video chat.
He lifted his head from where it rested on the arm of the sofa, having fallen asleep there last night. The curtains were shut, and the room would have been mostly dim if not for the cherry scented candles lit around the room.
'Why did you say that?' Sherlock typed.
'Don't think I've forgotten about our talk.'  It was from John.
Sherlock typed a short addition.  'I edit out the more unsavory bits for him.'
“Good morning, gentlemen.” Mycroft said with his version of a smile.
Once he held Sherlock's wrist in his hand, John started stretching him.  He didn't know all of Sherlock's injuries, but he was able to figure out where he hurt, where he felt stiff, from the way he'd moved while packing up his flat.  He lifted the arm up over Sherlock's head, twisting it a bit in both directions, and bending it at the elbow a few times.  He went through the movements, counting them in his head, like opening night of a ballet.  He put on a repeat performance with the other arm.
“Oh... that's good.” He looked to Sherlock for an explanation, but Sherlock avoided his gaze. So he looked down to Dennison again. “It's good to finally meet you in person.”
John rode in the cab with Sherlock on the way to the airport.  Sherlock had only one small carry-on bag, opting to have the rest of this things sent ahead of him.
'By abandoning your friend?'
“But I think the sky is really nice.  Especially when there are clouds, because clouds are fun to watch.  You can see shapes and things.  It's great when it's windy, too because then it looks like the clouds are racing...”
'I don't need your help.  I'm just trying to do the right thing, for once.'
"I haven't learned it completely," the boy said.  "But when the maids told me you were coming, one of them mentioned you couldn't talk, so I got a tutor to teach me."
‘I’ve been learning.’
That point was only made clearer when Mrs. Hudson came through the door, a familiar young lady trailing behind her.
I've tried about thirty times to post this chapter and every time something has gone wrong.  Hopefully everything is good now.
"I raised my brother, John.  And all through our lives, I urged him not to get attached to anyone.  As hard as he fights me, that is one thing we never argued over.  He took the advice and made it his one rule to live by.  But he never bothered to figure out what happened if the rule was broken, if it was beyond his control.  He made this plan partly out of the pain he feels, and partly because that's the rule.  He can't deny he's attached, but he can put as much distance between them and pretend."
He really hadn't
Dennison looked away, face scrunched up in thought. Sherlock felt terrible. He shouldn't be saying this to him. And why was it so important that he trust Sherlock anyway? Soon Mycroft would find suitable foster parents, and Sherlock would go somewhere else. He didn't know where yet, but he wouldn't be here long.
He shook his head, hoping she would understand that it was fine.  He never considered John being embarrassed by him, but he must be.  He pulled out his phone and sent a quick text to his brother.
'What time are you getting in? I'll meet you.'
'I cannot stay here.  I cannot stand to ruin his life.'
And thanks to everyone who's commented or given kudos.  I didn't expect this story to be received so well and I'm glad you're enjoying it.
He hugged Dennison, feeling relieved but still, somehow, like he was in danger.
But it wasn't his brain that woke him in the middle of the night. It was the slight chill, the small shivers running through his body.
“Yeah!”
“Has he done anything to try and help you?”  Silence.  “I think you need to find another doctor.  You won't let me be there for you, you at least need a competent professional.  He's not either one if he hasn't even tried to...” he trailed off, seeing the look on Sherlock's face.  “Has he done something to you?”
"Ah, John, how lovely to see you again," Mycroft said from behind his desk.  "How have you and my brother been getting along?"
Sherlock went into his own room while Dennison went into his to get his books.  He opened some of the files on his desk, ready to sit in his chair and get to work.  But when Dennison came in, he sat on the floor at the foot of Sherlock's bed, using it as a backrest.
“I always behave,” Dennison said.
‘If we’re lucky.’ He responded.
“Sherlock, John, look! I’ve made a friend already!”
"We're both lucky."
Sherlock was about to type out a response on his phone, but another voice came from behind them.
Sherlock turned away, deep in thought.
The relief spread across John's face in an instant as he said, "Thank you."  Then he was hugging Sherlock loosely around the shoulders.
Sherlock turned his head to the side a bit, and lifted a hand to point at the scars running over his neck.
John stared, counting back the days. “That was three days ago.”
“I’m right here, and you’re safe at home on Baker Street, Sherlock.  Dennison is fetching you some water.  We’re in your bed and it’s raining outside.”
“Do I have to sleep alone?” Dennison asked.
This is the end. For anyone interested, I have an original play and an original story in the works. From 2015 to 2017, I was working on my MA in creative writing, but lost funding as I approached my final semester. Leaving school without my degree depressed me greatly, but I have found that continuing my writing regardless of having a degree or not has been a great source of relief and confidence for me. If you'd like to read something original, and different from my fanfiction style but still recognizable as my own, I encourage you to contact me. I'm always happy for feedback. Anyway, onto the end of this mad old fic.
“Just give me some time. But I do have something else I wanted to mention. I was just… waiting for the right time.” He waited for Sherlock to say something, but he just waited for John to continue.  “I’ve been looking into surgeons. And I’ve found one that might be able to help you. You wouldn’t get your voice completely back, but she might be able to restore it so that you can talk.”
now. He saw the silhouette sitting on the low wall, his legs hanging in the void, moving slightly.  The brief moment of relief was overwhelmed by an even stronger wave of fear than before.
"Do you really want me to give you a boxing lesson? »
The flowerbed was plunged into darkness. The stage manager had already darkened the room. Sally had taken over from Greg and had asked to clear the stage where there were now only Sherlock's three musicians.
The doctor had jolted violently, as if the question had brought him back to a world and a past he was trying to forget, had not answered him but had straightened him up gently, had again listened to his heart and had finally released his grip. In a neutral tone where there was nevertheless a controlled vulnerability, John asked:
"Look, Sherlock," she began blushing, "you know... what happened at the Palladium... You really unlocked. We had to put the guys out of work technically. The musicians are furious. For them, this is a big loss of income. And then you watched the news...? "Molly was spouting the sentences at full speed, without looking at Sherlock, as if she was unpacking a ready-made speech.  "Everyone is worried about you.  We want you... to... not care about anything..., nothing but music.   You know, there are deadlines, important deadlines that will come very quickly. Voting for the Brits Awards will begin soon. Mr Magnussen said we needed a roadmap... that's why we're here... to see how we'll do in the next few days without Greg. Sally will take over, she should arrive soon, once your brother and Greg... well, you know, no need to go into details.  »
Sherlock's eyes did not leave the doctor's face. There was a charming smile there, but also a whole world, made of both light and shadow. And the musician, so quick to usually deduce, a whole lifetime at a glance, found something completely indecipherable in those deep blue eyes that looked at him with a mixture of worry, amazement and, yes, admiration when he had asked:
"Please, Sherlock..." replied the teenager.
"I am a genius of rhyme," Moriarty had sung, in a singular voice, at the time of the presentations.
A nausea seized him at the idea of this title that Magnussen had imposed. Sherlock composed all the melodies. The texts were not his.  He had a few regular authors who did, for the most part, a very good job. But what the audience and fans were praising, what made his incandescent success, was not so much the lyrics of the songs, it was his voice, very deep, vibrant, which warmed up with its very particular timbre the coldest rooms as well as the melodies he composed, the tonalities, the chord choices that formed a universe whose elegance and originality were admired and cherished. Twice already, he had been nominated for the Brits for the song of the year. But each time, he had been beaten. A few months earlier, Magnussen, who had taken the two successive defeats very badly, had imposed on the production a new lyricist, one of his protégés, from who knows where, a very thin young man with a strong Irish accent.  He had gradually gained more and more importance, exercising a hold on the choice of songs. He was in all your rehearsals, all your work moments. Greg had to be constantly involved to put him back in his role. James Moriarty had a remarkable word intelligence, according to Magnussen. So Greg had been very cautious from the beginning. One thing I don't know about the young artist's behaviour made him very uncomfortable.  But, in the end, did he really have a say?
"Shh... Don't talk, Greg, you're as white as a sheet... Shhhhhhh... You'll tire yourself out for nothing," Mycroft whispered, caressing his companion's neck with a gesture he wanted to soothe and supporting him firmly, after having put an arm behind his burning back to help him get up.
But more often than not, it was a whole team more or less anonymous that gravitated around him and added to this feeling of inconsistency that had become his existence since Victor... He refrained from going further in this direction and, warming his hands against the burning mug, he sat in an armchair in front of the fireplace, his eyes in the wave, fixed towards the half-burned logs. He still had the unpleasant feeling of his sex half deflated now, but which did not allow him to forget the face of this unknown and yet already so familiar doctor because of whom he had obviously woken up, a burning heat devouring his intimacy.
Sherlock's closed lips let a hoarse moan pass, made of distress and anger mixed while the apartment was emptying. In less than five minutes, there was only Molly in the living room. Everyone else was gone. Tom and Fred had positioned themselves at the foot of the small building where, as usual, some fans were camping, hoping to see their idol and tear off a picture and an autograph.
"Julia, you can drive everyone out, please ?"  John asked one of the nurses.
He could have handled all this. He had done it for years, with bad grace certainly, but he had done it. He had done well. It was part of the job, he whispered on the phone threateningly one night when he blew it all off, after an exhausting concert, the man who held his career in his hands, Charles Augustus Magnussen, the owner of Underground records, the Major to whom he had belonged for three years.
John stared at the screen, breathed in to catch his breath and pressed the arrow to start a new entry on his blog.
"Mr. Lestrade, can you hear me? Can you open your eyes ? I'm Dr. Watson, your doctor. Open your eyes, please, Mr. Lestrade".
He didn't even have to finish his sentence that everyone had already understood and was setting up.
Exiting the sofa, Sherlock got up, his head spinning a little. He refused the cup of tea Molly was handing him, grabbed the scarf she was handing him and rushed down the stairs where his two bodyguards, Tom and Fred, were waiting for him. Looking at the sidewalk, he saw that Rob, his driver, was waving to the fans who were camping night and day in front of the black door of 221B. He heard him exclaim.
"Oh, that would surprise me," John whispered as he knelt down, despite the presence of bodyguards, near the young man and grabbed his wrist. What he found under his hand only confirmed his concerns. A fast, elusive pulse, which already told him what he suspected from the beginning.
The first name appears indecently in the room immersed in an almost absolute silence. Sherlock stopped suddenly.
Greg locked the room from the inside where the toilets, showers and rest rooms were located. He hadn't let go of Sherlock and it was only when the door was closed that he let him go. He leaned against the wall, arms crossed on his chest and observed the young man who had gone to one of the sinks and looked at him in the mirror, as if he did not dare to face him directly in front of him.
"Is there anyone who can come and get you, William? I'd prefer you not to be alone tonight. I'm going to give you something to help you, but I would really like to talk to someone close to you. Can you reach a friend? Family? Family? A sister? A brother? "John took his phone out of his pocket, as if he wanted to call someone, approached Sherlock and made a vague gesture towards the door behind which he had sent Sally and the two bodyguards back. "I don't think your two... "he hesitated about the term to use,"... your two companions may be of great help to you tonight, and you really need to rest and be calm. Your friend, Gregory, is fine," added John, who understood Sherlock's silent question.   "We just need to watch him for a few hours, it's not for him but for you that I'm worried. You have to sleep, stop swallowing everything and anything, take care of yourself, William.... »
Half curled up in the chair, John picked up his phone and connected to his twitter account. He had gained more than fifty subscribers since the day before. Apparently, the new text he had put on his blog was a hit. The disappearance of a young soldier in Mazâr-e-Sharif a few days earlier had shaken public opinion and, on social networks, people had seized photos and texts in tribute to the young man. SoldierForEver, one of his loyal subscribers, had left him, as usual, a poignant message to which he endeavoured to reply. And while he was singing an answer, the irresistible desire, irrigated by the tension and exhaustion of the night, to put even more words to the drama swept through him. Leaving his laptop, he opened his computer, found the page of his blog and started typing. Words flooded the blank page without his even being aware of it.
But as soon as they came to meet him, the lips withdrew. John then opened his eyes. He only had time to see a light silhouette vanish on the stairs and disappear behind the door. With a surprised smile, wondering if he hadn't dreamed this moment, he moistened his lips slightly. Yes, that was it... A tiny honey flavor...
"Sherlock, where are you going, like that?" Greg firmly grabbed the wrist of the young man who was already heading backstage. He immediately felt under his fingers the skin too hot and the pulse beating too fast.
A third time, Sherlock did it again.
The present reality was simply unbearable, especially when it evoked the one to whom he now seemed to belong - the word did not seem too strong to him - the owner of Underground Records, Charles Magnussen.   He felt as if he had sold his soul to the devil, that he was no longer in control of his own destiny. And for what? He didn't know it himself.    As for thinking about the evening concert, it was out of the question. Shivering under the gusts and spitting, Sherlock brought his long legs closer to his chest again, trying to shield himself from the cold that crept into him. He felt like he was on the edge of the abyss, ready to fall.
"Leave me alone," said the young man, cowering further. "Anyway, we take Greg and leave. "And he signaled to the two bodyguards who were with him all the time to establish a barrier between him and the doctor.
An air of defiance stuck on his face, but without turning around, as if he was refusing to accept a real face-to-face encounter, Sherlock threw:
"But you still have to get back on track a little bit before," he slipped in and gave him a hug when he left. "You look...," he suddenly looked for his words, careful not to overdo it,"... exhausted".  John had grumbled under the pressure of both the strong grip and the remark that brought him back to a past he was trying to overcome. He had greeted Mike a little too quickly and went back to his apartment.
And as John looked at him without understanding where his friend was going with it, Sherlock repeated a little louder:
and get warm... come to safety with me." Continuing to speak very softly, Greg took a few more steps towards the musician. The wind had calmed down, the gusts had subsided and he could now hear the young man's choppy breath, still silent, still facing the void. He seemed as if he was withdrawn in himself, without any awareness of the danger.
on him. His left hand grabbed the edge of the wall but the right hand was immersed inside the pocket of his coat and Greg could guess under the cloth his clenched fist and so tight that the young man's arm was shaking violently.
But today, nestled under the down, as the chills increased and he felt his heart beating too fast again under the effect of the substances he had just taken, the musician did not hesitate to respond to the disappointed tweets of his fans following the failed concert at the Palladium, he typed directly the ID he had seen on Dr. Watson's phone, asking himself once again what the H could well mean.
It was a burning heat in the most intimate part of himself that suddenly woke Sherlock up. His left arm was thrown on the pillow above his head, but his right hand was on his sex, which had not been so sensitive for months. In the room darkened by the curtains that barely let the daylight through, without him really being aware of it, still half asleep, he let his hand wander, almost in spite of himself, in a slow and caressing movement and, as the heat increased, a surprising question gradually emerged from his consciousness. Since Victor, he had not had to stop himself from doing what his lover, jealous of his pleasure, forbade him what he had accepted, more or less willingly, but finally by submitting to the request. Since then, no spontaneous desire had manifested itself. Their last moments had been so tormented that all desire seemed to have abandoned him, as if his body had guessed the inner wound still raw.
"Do you really want  a evidence ? I'll give it to you. But first, close your eyes."
"Do you have your earpiece, Sherlock? You don't see him, but James is in the front row. He supervises the placement of texts.  You start with The Lake, you follow with Silence, then..."
"You're afraid, aren't you ?  You’re afraid something will happen to me, and I won't come back whole, or even at all?
Everything then happened very quickly. While Sherlock answered him and stood on the wall to turn around and take the scarf, Greg, probably deceived by Sherlock's reckless gesture, jumped towards him and rushed to grab him and take him into shelter. But carried away by his momentum and slipping on the water-covered coping, with a choked cry, looking at Sherlock as if he didn't understand what was happening to him, Greg fell into the void.
'That's how you feel?'
Sherlock didn't speak, didn't turn around, but he did pause.
"There you are.  I knew you'd be late but I didn't think you'd cut it this close."  It was Dr. Parson.  "Good morning, Dr. Watson."
Another text came from John.  'He's a sweet kid.'
A small nod in his general direction was the only response he got.
“For me...?”
"Sherlock," John said, when it started getting late, "If you're going to have your eyes closed anyway, why don't you go get some sleep.  You need it."
The staff had been taking care of him since his parents' death (of which he was unaware) so he supposed he wouldn't have to do much.
'Yes, but are you emotionally stable enough to really know what you're doing?'
'He doesn't have to know that, but it's not your place to speak to him about it at all, much less to lie to him about it. If he asks about anything like that again, you send him to me. Do you understand?'
To his credit, Sherlock did last almost an entire thirty seconds before he gave in.
"Don't you... I mean most people heard in the news..."  Then John remembered he never actually mentioned the man's name.  "He's Sherlock Holmes."
He took off running toward the park while John and Sherlock followed. They took a seat on a bench not far off from where a handful of the kids gathered around a tree they were trying to climb. Dennison went up to them and easily inserted himself into the group.
They turned around, John having felt the bump as well.
They made it just through the garden when Dennison stopped and laid down on the grass.
'I am not a child, I don't need someone keeping an eye on me at all times.'
He'd seen Sherlock's ghost last week.  But as it turned out, it wasn't his ghost, but the man himself.  Alive and breathing in the doorway of 221B.
He nodded, thinking some more. “Why have my parents been gone so long?”
John made to glance at his watch, then remembered it had been dissolved in a cup of acid a week ago. “What time is it?”
He took a seat beside him, still not able to disturb him.  "Sherlock," he whispered.
“Oh.” Parson remembered. “He asked me about it, so I told him you broke a mirror and got hurt.”
But he just felt heavy.  His body was light and lithe but he just felt gravity latching onto him.  It didn't make sense, gravity wasn't sentient and certainly didn't have arms to pull him down, but he was feeling it.  A thousand cold, skeletal hands rose from below and latched onto him, bringing him to the floor once more, pinning him there, filling him with lead.
"What happened?" John asked, finding it hard to believe there was something that a protective and vengeful Sherlock Holmes couldn't do.
So when his brother finally left, Sherlock expected to feel relief.  No one around but Mrs. Hudson downstairs.  Plenty of room for his mind to expand without being interfered with.
"What were you thinking about?"
John took a breath and stepped out of the flat.  He approached Sherlock, but stayed behind him.  He didn't want to scare him away.  "Sherlock, I... Mycroft came by after you left the other day.  He explained things.  A bit.  I know why you... why you did why you did.  That doesn't mean I'm... okay with everything, but... Sherlock I don't want to lose you again.  I asked for one more miracle and I can't just give it up just because I'm angry.  Will you please talk to me?"
John tried to supply an answer.  “You should definitely come.  I'd love to meet you, and Mrs. Hudson wouldn't mind, Sherlock.”
“You're always going to tell me the truth?”
John looked to Sherlock for confirmation. Sherlock just blinked the question away, and John smiled. “Good for you. You'll have to tell me your secret, I need some new tricks.”
“I'll have a talk with him.”
A part of him knew they weren't really there.  They weren't real.  But the feeling was real.  With each passing second he felt heavier and heavier, and he began to wonder when the floor would collapse below him.
He turned to face him.  "I'm not angry at you.  I
'That was the point.'
Sherlock rolled his eyes and typed, 'It's just cold cases.'
“Okay.”
There was a short pause before John's next message came. 'Ah. Can you describe what it makes you feel?'
John sighed to himself, wondering what Sherlock was going to do now. He grabbed Dennison’s hand and helped him up into a chair.
Sherlock ignored the question, instead pulling John into a close hug.  He held his breath until John's arms closed around him.
“Are you okay, Sherlock?” Dennison asked, eyes damp.
“Which ones did you pack?”
Sherlock looked up from the files again, staring at her.  He really didn't understand what she meant.  Why would he dislike someone who made John happy.
John gave a nervous laugh, but couldn't refuse. “Well that settles it then. I'll get changed...” He left for his own bedroom as the other two headed toward Sherlock's.
"Good luck," the doctor said, stepping back from his patient.  "I can't get him to listen to a word I say."
But upon opening them again he felt the heaviness from before returning.  First in his arms, the added force pulling at his shoulders so that he felt the joints might split.  He felt it in his feet as they seemed to lock in place on the floor, morphing into immobile constructs of marble.  His head felt so full and dense that he feared his neck just might snap under the pressure.  Well, he didn't fear it so much as wonder what it would feel like, what it sound like.  Would it actually snap?  Or would his spine creak until it popped apart, leaving his head to hang limp.  Maybe then it would be dark enough.
'Not doing any experiments on him while he sleeps, I hope.'
He pouted at them. “I want a hug too,” he said, crossing his arms.
He sat in the same position all night, thinking. Always thinking.
“You can call, I’ll answer. If that’s okay with you, Sherlock.”
"For Sherlock," Lestrade answered.
Sherlock held up the paper that said 'I will be fine', as he'd answered that question a few times throughout the week and was tired of writing the same thing over and over again.
Dennison copied his pose.
As of right now, this story has 31 chapters outlined.  It could have more, depending on how they're actually written, but I don't see it ending up with less.  Just so y'all know what to expect.
Dennison groaned but got up and went with John, tugging Sherlock behind him.
“You caught us,” Sherlock said in his whispering voice.  “How are you feeling? About being adopted?”
All eyes were on Sherlock.  Where else would they be?  He'd died a fake detective.  Did being alive make him more fake, or less?  Of course all eyes were on him.  Except his own, which were currently scanning the two dead bodies.
He raised a finger to signal for John to wait, which he did, while Sherlock went back into the apartment.  He was only in there for a few seconds before he came out again and closed the door behind him, a small brown envelope in his hands.  He held it against John's chest.
Dennison kept talking, and Sherlock paid attention to everything he said about the clouds.
Before he could protest they both attacked him, spreading mud through his hair and on his clothes.
Sherlock shrugged.
Dennison took another bite and pushed his plate away.  “I'm done.  You can be done too, Sherlock.”
“You seemed really angry before.”
“Like you're sick?”
"No," John said, pushing the pad away as if it were the most offensive object he'd ever beheld.  "I forgot one thing, that doesn't mean I was forgetting you."
John looked up from the phone and saw the defeat in Sherlock's eyes.  "Okay, whatever you want to do, Sherlock."
"No, you didn't.  And I sat here talking to him, wondering why he wouldn't talk to me.  I know sign language, John, I could have..."
He opened his eyes, waiting a few seconds for them to adjust to the dark. When he'd gained enough sight to see faint outlines of the furniture in the room, he sat up.
Dennison didn't look so sure, but something in Sherlock's eyes told him he needed him to do this. “Okay.” He walked back through the long hallway and disappeared around a corner.
But none of those Sherlock's were real, none of them were here.
Sherlock sat next to him.
John, fist still balled and pressing against the wall, gave a quiet sigh when he realised. “He doesn't know,” he muttered to himself. “This is an emotional problem, the one thing Mycroft doesn't know how to deal with.”
On the plane, Sherlock sat by the window.  Normally, he didn't like sitting on the inside, as every person sitting aside of him would be a hinderance should he need to move.  But having a window seat gave him something to stare at without drawing attention to himself.
Sherlock stood, still glaring at John, and put his coat on. Even though he knew John wouldn’t make good on that threat, he felt it was hopeless to act like he wasn’t going to give in to him eventually.
'How did you deal with seeing it every day?'
John turned his head a bit so Sherlock wouldn't see the smirk on his face.  "Do you mind if I..."
Sherlock tore his eyes away from John's, unable to withstand the anger he saw in them.  He knew the anger was not aimed at him, but at Moriarty.  But it still hurt to look into those eyes and see the emotions they held, and the ones they did not.  He sent another text to Lestrade.
"I know what it is," John said, nodding to himself.  "Yeah, you're worried that I might turn you away one day.  That I'll just move on, and leave you behind.  You're afraid.  So you're pulling us apart before you can get hurt.  Because you've gone against your own rules and made a friend.  I won't let you do that."
Dennison was awake ungodly early in his bedroom upstairs. He sat on his bed waiting to hear the sounds of either John or Sherlock waking.
Sherlock waited for him to be gone before shoving Parson's door open and stepping inside.
"Because you're
Sherlock's eyes opened and he reached for the pen and notepad kept on the counter.  He quickly scribbled something on the paper and pushed it toward John.  'I was watching you sleep.'
Sherlock was stunned by the question, completely unsure what to say.
"Okay."
In the morning, after the usual ritual of having breakfast and stretching with John and Dennison, Sherlock experienced his first day away from his cousin since coming to Norway.
They all went unanswered as Sherlock dug through his luggage.
Hello. Been a while, hasn't it? I left the fandom for quite a few years as it just got too... frustrating. I'm still not into it like I used to be, but I kept thinking of this story and how I had left it unfinished.  I've long since lost my original outline for the story, so how I'm finishing it is probably not the way I planned from the beginning.  But I wanted to finish it anyway. A few more chapters I think. Thanks for reading.
Sherlock stilled, the sudden contact causing him to panic.  His ears buzzed and his vision whitened out for just a second, before he remembered where he was, focusing on the arms keeping him grounded.
'Sherlock?'
'And the cutting?  Are you still doing it?'
'Please stop.  If you insist on talking about this, we cannot do it now.'
"Sherlock, will you just say something?  Please?"
Sherlock took one hand to cup John's jaw. “Because you didn't want to. I didn't want to. You weren't ready and I wasn't sure if I could... but now I'm sure.”
Sherlock shrugged.
He walked over to Sherlock and kneeled in front of him, trying to get a good look at his face.  It was pale and thinner than it had been, and he'd already been so thin when he came back.  "You'd really do that to me again?"
When Sherlock finished, he left the towel draped over Dennison's head.
'No.'
He pressed his lips together and shook his head, finally disconnecting his fist from the innocent wall. For all his life, Sherlock's defense against emotional pain was to completely deny he had any emotions to begin with. He'd gone through something after which denial was no longer an option; he suffered an injury that rendered him voiceless and fallen in love with someone who didn't love him in return. And now he was alone.
Sherlock shrugged.
John stood in front of Sherlock, and waved a hand to see if the motion would rouse him.  When that didn't work, he wondered if the man was sleeping.  It was a rare thing, even rarer for him to see it, but he did know what Sherlock looked like when he slept and it wasn't this.  He almost laughed when he thought up images of a disheveled Sherlock twisted up in sheets, limbs thrown about in all kinds of positions.  Sleep was when he was least composed, and that was probably part of his disdain for it.
One laid on a sofa, dark hair covering her face, right arm dangling so her curled fingers almost touched the floor, left arm draped over her chest.  The second body was face-down on the sandy carpet in a typical sprawled-out pose.  Both had gunshot wounds.
But the door slowly swung open.  But he didn't see Sherlock.  Then he happened to glance down, and saw his flatmate sprawled out on the floor, looking up at him with a confused stare.
'How can you trust me after what I put you through?'
“Sherlock!” Dennison yelled and jumped up into the hospital bed.
.  Any attempt to get this from anyone else was in vain and he knew it, but he couldn't have this forever.
Sherlock nodded again, taking his hand away from Dennison's head and settling down to sleep.
Dennison continued to talk.  “Don't you just love all the colors?  I know it's hard for you to answer laying down, but I guess you never really stopped to look at it.”
"You told me having friends in the first place is unusual for him."
"Something's wrong with him," John wastes no time with niceties.  "He won't... he's different.  I mean even more different, now.  He seems... defeated."
Dennison grabbed Sherlock’s hand as the three of them headed out.
'I didn't know you even had any interest in sex.'
“Everything is fine, now.  You’re awake and here with us. We’re all fine.”
"Your letter."  John said.  His hands were folded together in his lap.  He stared straight ahead.  "It seemed awfully sentimental."
"Not usually, no."
'Promise me you're not lying to me right now.'
She gave a small but understanding smile.  Even her own friends wouldn't stand by her like that.  "He's lucky to have you."
'No, I told you that was all taken care of.'
John was up in a flash to steady him but Sherlock shoved him away and left the room, pain and dizziness be damned.
John was getting frustrated.  'Then what?  What do need to do without me?  Why are you running from me?  Whatever it is, I can help you.  I want to help you, Sherlock.'
Dennison walked into the room carrying two small suitcases.  “I'm ready.”
He left with a wave, leaving Sherlock and Dennison to finish their breakfast.
Although he knew he would have to learn, considering Mary was pregnant.
Later updates will be better, I promise.  Also faster since I finally got my lew laptop.
“I only did what Sherlock asked.  He asked for some time to gather his thoughts, which I provided.”
But there was nothing.
“Shall we go home?”
Sherlock looked over at him.
“I get to choose? Then I want…”
Two days later, Sherlock was dropping Dennison off with Mrs. Hudson while he went with John to his consultation with the plastic surgeon.
Or was it the truth?  Had he really been rendered mute by Moriarty's men?
Before either of them could respond, Dennison and Arielle ran up to them.
“You… set all of this up? To push him to want to keep Dennison in his life? Why?”
If Sherlock could have laughed, he would have.
“I wonder what he could be nervous about,” John said, joining them.  “It’s not like it’s a special day, or anything.”
Sherlock spent the night in one of Mycroft's guest rooms.  He didn't sleep, of course.  He just sat in the centre of the large bed, knees at his chest, hands over his ears, eyes squeezed shut.  He didn't want to see anything, hear anything.  If he were able to numb each of his senses, now would be the time he'd use that power.  Ever bit of stimuli added more weight to him, as if taking up physical space with his head.  And when his head was full, it moved to the rest of his body.
"So tell me about your flatmate," Mary said over her scampi.
They'd continued to walk in silence until they reached the store.  John put a basket in Sherlock's hand.  Sherlock rolled his eyes but carried the basket as John pulled items from the shelves and placed them inside.
After a moment of confusion and hesitation, Sherlock allowed his head to rest on John's.
“No,” Dennison said with a frown.
He waited, wondering if maybe it was all a dream and Sherlock wasn't actually coming home any time soon.
Once in the privacy of his own room, door shut and locked behind him, Sherlock fell to his knees.  He had to get out, he had to go somewhere, anywhere that wasn't here.
"Why didn't you tell me he was mute?" she asked, disappointed.
Also, some of you asked for longer chapters.  They're coming.  This story is going to consist of chapters that vary in length.  Consider this your warning.
Sherlock grabbed the instrument from him with little resistance.  'You're tired.  You don't have to go to sleep, but you're not going to learn anything more in this state.'
“I'll go pack.”  Dennison stood and ran to his room.
Soon his breathing slowed and his eyes opened.  The hot sweat on his face cooled to almost freezing and he began to shiver.
"Not much," John admitted.  "Only why you did it.  And a bit of the how.  Not what happened after."
The sound was odd, not even close to his usual whisper. It was harsher and yet quieter.
“John,” Mary said as their date came to an end.  He'd walked her home, intending on getting a cab back to Baker Street.  But she could tell he wasn't too thrilled to go back to the empty flat.  Just that morning Sherlock had left for Norway, and no one knew how long he'd be away.  “Why don't you... spend the night here?”
The bright sunlight streaming in through the window woke John the next morning.
“Okay!”
“Who?”
She smiled again and looked to Sherlock, expecting him to give her the same assurances the other man had.  But he said nothing, only looked around, as if he were waiting for this exchange to end.  She saw their arms linked and bit her lip.  "That's cute," she told them, "couples doing their shopping together."
“It's all I could manage before becoming extremely bored.” Sherlock placed his hands on John's ankles, stroking his fingers against John's calves.
John scratched his head.  "When do you leave?"
“I’m sorry, I don’t know sign language.”
Then he seemed to rock backwards, arms bracing for impact upon the floor.  His fall was as silent as he was.
"I don't know if we can trust her," John whispered.  "She might not interpret correctly, she might tell people..."
Sherlock nodded.
'Nothing.  I've got some paperwork to fill out for Mycroft, so I'll text you later.'
The voice belonged to a woman about an inch shorter than John, with light brown hair to her shoulders and a pair of black-framed glasses sitting on her nose.
This, Sherlock could agree with. Mycroft had gotten him the soonest flight, regardless of lack of luxury. Not that he minded too much; at least his brother knew him well enough to know that John was more important to him than flying first-class.
"Were you asleep then?"
That wasn't entirely true.  In his time away he'd been forced to sleep outside at all hours of the day.  Sometimes out in the open was the safest place to hide, especially when everyone who had a clue that he was alive expected him to infiltrate tunnels, obscure hotels, and abandoned buildings.  Though it was true he never did it specifically to look at the sky.
Sherlock’s mouth opened slightly in a soundless gasp.
The text came through and then he screen went dark, as Sherlock must have shut his laptop rather than properly disconnect the call.
"They're sorry they misjudged you, treated you like a non-human."
Mrs. Hudson had baked all night and all morning. She was probably still at it.
“Sorry—”
Dennison nodded as tears fell from his eyes. He didn't scream, he barely made any noise much more than a sniff or a soft hiccough.
Dennison was packing before Sherlock had even looked into flights.
'I wish you were here. I'd worry less.'
He put his head in his hands, taking deep breaths.  Was this another trick?  Was Sherlock testing him?  Testing his loyalty?
Sherlock pulled a phone out of his pocket and began typing.  When finished, he turned and showed the screen to John.  'Why not at me?'
John could see he wanted it, could see it in the tightening of his lips, the squeeze of his fists.  It wasn't a particularly interesting case, but how long had it been since he'd had anything?  He was itching for it.
“Morning,” he said as his food was brought to him.  "Sherlock, I'm sorry about yesterday.  You were right and I shouldn't have made something up just because I didn't know what to say."
Mary took a seat next to him as John went into the kitchen to call the order in.  "Hello."
At this time of night, Dennison was already asleep. In Sherlock's bed, of course. Neither of them had suggested Dennison return to his own room. Sherlock didn't want Dennison to become too dependent on him, but at this point he wasn't quite sure who was more dependent on whom. Nor was he ready to think about it.
'You're actually doing paperwork?'
Sherlock looked at them both, and they waited for his response.
Sherlock looked confused.
Another stiff nod.
Dennison gave a small nod and a big smile.  “I know,” he said.  “You're going to teach me to play the violin.”
John answered, 'If you want to change the subject we can, but I don't mind talking about this with you.'
A maid greeted them at the door and showed them to their rooms.
John leaned down to read the screen, then asked, "On the floor?"
And he didn't even know if John was awake, so he sent a text.
'Some of the ones you haven't read to me yet.'
'Violin.'
After Dennison had had all his fun and Molly stated she really needed to get back to work, the three of them headed home.
'You don't guess.'
John caught him at the waist, Sally at the elbow.  Sherlock's body stiffened at the touch and Sally pulled away.
“I miss him.” John shrugged.
Sherlock pulled out the pad and pen he now kept in his pocket at all times.  He hated those things more than anything.  He just wanted to talk, he was tired of writing or texting just to have a conversation with his flatmate.  There was a time when he wished he'd never have to speak again, and now he wondered if someone somewhere had misheard.
“He just got in earlier today.”
Dennison pouted, but ate his breakfast as he watched the clock.
Then he blinked again as it began to sting.  His whole arm felt hot, and the rest of him felt so cold.  No longer heavy, but still cold as ice.
Sherlock looked down at him, trying to look like he wasn't going to fall for it this time.  But he knew Dennison wouldn't eat unless he did, so he picked up a piece of toast, took a bite, and looked back at him to see if that was acceptable.
.  Not that it mattered, but it was clearly a lie if he'd gone and fell in love with someone.
