She feels as if they might be connected somehow.
When it came to alcohol however, John was a complete lightweight. The fact that he had hardly eaten all day surely didn't help the situation either. And so one can was really all it took to make him feel slightly dizzy, giddy and very bad at making good decisions.
It tastes of nothing.
His voice sounds as thin as he looks but John is still comforted by it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock moans and John practically melds their bodies against each other as he steps even closer ands slips his tongue inside and as he does so he realizes he's never been more sure about anything in his life before.
“I like your everything”, he replies.
At least.....Sherlock supposes it does.
Until what he thinks this might all mean gets actually spoken aloud it might all still be a dream from which he could wake up at any moment.
And then there was reason number three.
As John looks down at the table he notices the empty plate on his side of the table. There are remains of a half eaten breakfast on the one in front of Holmes.
John was most decidedly not alright. He felt awful. He felt like a failure. Holmes still looked exactly like he had at the party. Perfect hair, expensive clothing that fit him to a tee, a force to be reckoned with.
He releases inside of Sherlock's body.
That's the first time Molly sees Death.
Eventually Sherlock continued speaking. His voice surprisingly soft:
He used to think he knew what they were.
“Tonight? I'll have to come up with another excuse for my absence then....I doubt they'll believe my father died twice.”
John is seeing stars. He's seeing things he's never seen before. He's having trouble breathing.
Maybe it's the alcohol, maybe it's the crushing loneliness he's feeling, maybe it's something else.....but he sends a text.
“I'm not afraid”, he says. He's growing tired of these men talking about him as if he's not even here.
The words a jumbled mess.
I have turned the tv off but I have no idea what to do with myself now.
“I need to go inside”, he says, “Mycroft needs me.”
Two more weeks are left.
There are clothes on the floor surrounding the bed, left there to be found again in the morning, there is a chest of drawers, John has no idea what's in it,  there's a chair in the corner of the room, a shaded lamp providing some minimal additional light and far too many people.
“I don't dislike you”, he says. He wants to lie to John but finds he can't. Not about this.
He almost didn't make it.
John purposefully did not turn his head towards the direction of the shrill voice. Perhaps if he pretended he didn't hear her she'd go away. He didn't have to look to know who that voice belonged to.
I lie on my bed and stare at the darkness slowly creeping across my ceiling as the minutes and hours tick by and try not to think.
He feels like he's dreaming.
He hardly has the courage to even look at me when we're at school.
It just makes him even more nervous.
Greg frowns.
So I show him instead. I kiss him softly. Coax his pliant mouth open with my tongue and pour everything inside and hope he still understands.
Molly and I have gotten to our regular table relatively early and so the rest of the cafeteria is still mostly empty as the rest of the students slowly trickle in.
'Definitely. Quite extraordinary'
John has been in a relationship before.
“I need to go home”, he says and shoves his book in his bag as he gets up from the table.
And to add insult to injury: “you're stupid.”
“Molly!”, I try to sound affronted but I'm also secretly a little bit proud that she actually wants to know these things about me and that I can actually reply in the positive to her intimate questions.
A broken soldier. Only pretending to belong in a place he has no business being at.
The only place he can really go, is back to Holmes manor.....and wait.
But thinking back on it now there is not much Finn remembers of it.
'I would never hurt our baby.'
“I'm sorry I stared at you”, he says, “You probably think I'm some kind of creep....but...I'm really not.....I'm just.....you're just.....very good.....at this.....at dancing.”
He knows these lines by heart.
“Pretty”, that's what Morgana had called John after catching a glimpse of him. Of course he had been. The version she had seen was the version Sherlock kept of him in his mind palace. How Sherlock viewed him.
We can't be like John and I. John and I never talk about anything and it has lead us to this. A relationship that simultaneously is and isn't one because we keep everything we truly feel and think inside and so we both suffer for it.
“Do you know who did?”, he asks.
******************************
John is the first to leave.
Because I never really gave him the chance.
He tries concentrating harder.
Sherlock wishes he could do the same.
“Are you two in a relationship then?”
He feels it.
He doesn't think he could bear it.
He shouldn't delude himself like this.
I've never seen her wear lipstick before......or any kind of make-up for that matter.
“Hey.”
“I'd gone to rehab.”
All roads had led to nowhere from that point on and he had come to the sad realization that Sherlock, perhaps, did not want to be found.
He doesn't know how to answer.
But, just like every other time she's pondered on this subject, she feels she has done the right thing.
Sherlock does not have many friends. Does not let people in easily. Does not trust easily. He had just felt like he had betrayed that hard earned trust in the vilest of ways. Apparently that was not how Sherlock had seen it......he feels his face go red again.
It's Holmes.
And Holmes indeed stopped at his command and turned back around. A wide grin on his face.
He sighs again.
He closes his eyes and tries to sleep again. Sleeping will, somehow, make the passage of time go faster.
Stealing into his eyes, ears and lungs.
And then I drift away myself.
Somewhere behind him he heard the doors close again and the sound of footsteps could be heard making their way across the complex.
They eventually untie the horses and lead them by the hand as they make their way up the long lane that leads to the front door of the Hooper Estate.
This isn't surprising since John is a year older than I am and we don't share any classes but I still get the feeling he is actively avoiding me.
Well.....I'm not really watching it. I'm 20 minutes in and I actually have no idea what this movie is about. I just let the flashing images and loud explosions on screen drown out any unwanted thoughts and feelings that might otherwise sneak into my mind.
“Oh, he stopped coming when he realized I wasn't going to die after all”, Sherlock says.
Maybe because they've had so many nights together already and this is the first time they're finding out what comes after.
Sticking to the creature like a shadow.
Sherlock knows it's not actually possible but in that moment he swears he can taste the sound of John's laugh as their lips move against each other.
Mycroft depended on him.
Your hair thinning and gray. The skin of your face now slightly sagging and each day bringing out a new wrinkle.
Of course it's her.
He was an unbonded, unarmed omega, all alone in a field, miles away from home and almost an hours walk away from his horse.
“Secured it.”
I want today to just end.
He just feels in his bones and soul where the road for them lies.
His step-mother's lips are pursed together tightly as she gives him a condescending look over the rim of her tea-cup. At the moment she is the sole occupant of the breakfast table. Her two daughters seem to already have gone, judging by the used plates and tea cups on each side of her. Smart move.
“That doesn't mean he also knows Mycroft”, she says.
The soldier seems to have recovered from the sudden aches in his shoulder and leg as he is standing straight once more.
“This”
“Mary gave me my coat and wallet back.” He ends up saying. He doesn't quite know why.
He's just pretty sure it's not hiding away and pretending nothing has changed.
Of course.
He hazards a look sideways at Holmes who still stands next to him, albeit a little further away then he had been moments ago.
He is ignoring me just as fervently as he did after the first time we met again here at school.
Holmes just waves his words away as he gives him a slightly unfocused look.
Molly had heard her stumbling along the hallway outside of her bedroom door.
I feel like I should apologize but I don't know how. I don't know what to say.
she chuckles as she squeezes my hand. Her nose scrunches up ever so slightly as she does it and it is actually sort of, kind of, endearing.
John uses his time to take a better look at the man. Maybe he can deduce who he's traveling with now that a pleasant conversation doesn't seem to be in the cards.
“Sherlock....”, John says. And there is a question in that one word. Sherlock knows what it is. They have never needed words anyway.
'Is everything alright?' He hazarded again.
*******************************************
“You don't even know him!”
He desperately wanted to know if Holmes was found. If he was alright. But at the same time his dreams of the two previous nights haunted him still. When he closed his eyes he was plagued by visions of a pale eyeless face drenched in blood. Visions he would rather not learn to be true.
It's nice.
“Which is.....where?” John felt like pressing his luck just a small bit. After all, Finn had promised him information if he came with him.
“Can I have your phone-number?”, he asks,  “I'll text you this week so we can plan something.”
In front of him a large map was splayed out on the desk, but every time he tried to focus on it he found his mind wandering to the last conversation he and Finn had had:
John kisses him again.
There are pictures on the cabinet, next to the TV.
It's Mary.
And just as he is starting to think that, maybe, he's been over-thinking all of this, maybe he's been worrying about nothing at all.......maybe.......Holmes speaks again. His voice a soft baritone rumble in the gloomy room. Clearly on the verge of falling asleep himself.
He looks at his alarm-clock.
John won't even look at me.
All of a sudden he is startled out of his daydream about John, juice-boxes and something about his lower lip when he realizes that John has spotted him.
It's a copy of Van Gogh's Starry Night. I got it because I think it's beautiful and because of the tragedy of the artist himself.
But the doorbell rings again.
Things that make sense now but that he will have almost certainly forgotten by morning.
********************************************************************
But whatever John has to say he seems to either have lost his nerve or temporarily forgot what it was.
They're both quiet for a moment before John, suddenly, changes the subject completely:
Not really knowing what else to say John slowly moved towards her and gently folded his arms around her. Encompassing Mary's smaller form in a tight hug. She went stiff at first. Much as she had done when John had kissed her, but all too soon she melted into him. Resting her forehead on his chest. Her hands crossed behind his back, grabbing onto his jacket. No doubt leaving behind a trail of flower and dough, but John didn't really care.
# In the ballad Tam Lin is not being taken to the fairy realm, but he is going to be sacrificed to hell on Halloween as part of the fairy tithe. Tithe is the best word ever and I tried so hard to work it in but I couldn't seem to do it. I'm still sad about this.
(See the end of the chapter for
I am calling it done!
He feels his chest warm up. He knows he shouldn't feel quite so affected. It's not smart. He shouldn't feel the way he feels about John. This will end in disappointment and heartbreak. But still. He cannot help the way he feels about John just like he cannot stop the sun from rising or the night from falling.
If Holmes decides to leave him behind.....when he leaves him behind.
So  to put off sleeping for as long as possible he tried texting Sherlock instead:
Finn shrugs. “I was hoping you knew.”
John shrugs and gives Sherlock a hesitant smile but a smile nonetheless:
People pass by in the hallways outside of his door.
“Hi”, she says. Far too cheery for Sherlock's liking.
Slowly it had progressed to furtive touches whenever he saw the chance, hand-kisses for no reason other than to be able to swipe his tongue across John's skin and clearly sexual remarks.
Sherlock cringes at the word.....”goodbye”.......please no.....
Now that they are together again.....
Regardless of whether John actually wanted to or not.
“Just”, Mycroft continues, “don't lure him into your world.”
Like the sunflower to the sun and the tides of the ocean to the moon.
I would face the end of the universe without a shred of fear or unease if I was able to do it with you by my side.
The next thing he remembered was sitting in a chair by the fire with a blanket wrapped around him in his fathers office. Sherlock was not allowed in here. Not ever.
He finds himself in a make-shift field-hospital. Bandaged, badly wounded, broken beyond repair and just on the right side of death's doorstep.
I hope a lot of things.
“It's beautiful.”
In the dark of the room he can just make out the man's profile. The sharp angle of his cheekbones, the slight curve of his nose.....of his lips.
He is glad of it. How will he ever face Holmes again with images of such an intimate nature so fresh in his mind.
He's not really sure what his intentions were but not this.....surely it wasn't this.....surely....
It was the question John had dreaded the most. Once again he felt like he owed her the truth, but he also knew the truth would hurt her more than anything he had done to her before. And so he chose the cowards way out and lied. Later he would lie awake at night wondering if, by sparing her feelings, he had actually done the right thing or not.
He finds he doesn't care.
His clothing reminded John of the riding gear master Holmes used to wear. Black boots, fitting trousers and a dark jacket, but he did not resemble Holmes in any other way.
He cannot wait to get out of here and extinguish it all in the world beyond too. Make sure there is none of it left. Never again.
“Psssssst!”
“Come on”, he hisses, “get up!”
And I'm also a little bit distracted by John's fingers drawing circles on the skin of my upper arm.
He blames himself.
Finally Mrs. Hudson finishes making her own cup of tea and she sits down in the chair opposite John. She interlaces her fingers as she places her hands in front of her on the table.
John just rolls his eyes.
If he makes sure he arrives to class last and leaves first he can avoid having to interact with John at all.
Sherlock wishes this afternoon would never have to end.
Makes him feel as if he can't keep still.
He knows there's no one there.
The hotel-coffee is surprisingly good.
I shake my head and look down at my hands. They shake as I hold on to my phone. The screen is dark and when I open the messaging-app John hasn't replied and my message remains unread.
I really am sorry.
And maybe he had.
But then a cloud drifts in front of the sun and she is young. vibrant and regal once more.
He doesn't mind.
“I remember everything”, his words are spoken softly, no more than a whisper as his eyes drift down to the soft curve of Watson's mouth and lips.
He looks at the clock again. Another minute has passed.
As he peered inside the glass dome of the globe he saw a figurine of plastic snow capped mountains, a small cottage and even a tiny ski-lift that went up.
Somewhere, in the kitchen, a pot of freshly brewed coffee is going cold.
He wanted to call Sherlock, he could surely use his help right now, but there was a grand total of three things holding him back.
There's the world where I am allowed to touch him and the world where he won't even so much as look at me.
“I was just thinking about how nice it is to spend so much time together”, he says.
Ben and I both freeze.
“I know who you guys are”, he says, and then slightly louder: “it's Crazy Molly and The Fairy!”
“Yes”, he says.
I am already perched on the edge of my seat. If I slide over any further I'll end up falling off.
Sherlock Holmes usually ended up firing them over the smallest things. Losing his temper. Or people just handed in their own resignations, because they couldn't handle working for him anymore.
Mostly because, every time James would even so much as talk to him, he'd basically lose all knowledge of the English language and would just stammer through some random string of words while he smiled doofily.
John laughs too and his eager lips find Sherlock's once again. There is a little bit more urgency to their kiss this time. They have years to make up for after all.
As if he's ten years old again. And not eighteen.
Some secret agreement between guys he's supposed to know about when girls are involved?
Sherlock pointed down the road to where his mode of transportation was parked.
He had  no idea things could be like this.
Maybe someone not from their school or the coffee-place then.
Sherlock is confused but somehow he is able again to find his voice.
Sherlock doesn't know what to say either but he decides to say something anyway.
But saying that would sound too much like “goodbye”. And Sherlock doesn't do “goodbye”.
John had definitely had enough. He'd been in trouble for fighting a couple of times at his previous school. Right after his father had died. His mother had given him hell for it. She had dragged him to numerous therapists. Convinced that there was something wrong with him. Something that needed fixing.
And then he hears it. The sounds of razor-sharp wings beating together.
Some questions are best left as is.
“That place”, he ends up saying, “it was a bad place. We cannot go back.”
He is seated on - for lack of a better term - “his” side of the bed and is in the process of removing his boots. His jacket and scarf are already draped over a chair.
Sherlock has missed that dimple as well.
John still gets them coffee but instead of asking Molly what she wants this time he just forgot her order entirely.
there will be a message waiting for me, but his sudden and unexplainable focus on me is so intense that it seems to temporarily glue me to my chair.
But not anymore.
John's face lights up again and Sherlock can't help but stare at the dimple that forms in his left cheek. Right next to his mouth...and his lips.
“Oh....my parents have a holiday house over there. I'm going to stay there....with you.”
“We are here to study physics right?”
John had helped him pull the bath in the room and together they had filled it up with water that was indeed lukewarm as John had requested.
*******************************************
He'd end up either sticking out like a sore thumb or blending into the background completely all in the hopes of striking up a conversation with John. His Rugby John.
They both are wearing rugby jackets.
He realizes John is hard.
And so that's just what she does.
To no avail it would seem because John decides to turn around again.
He asks her for morphine.
“I'm sure he'll come find you as soon as he can”, Greg says. His voice low and reassuring so only a small part of the table is able to overhear their conversation.
He wants to go and see John play tomorrow......but he also really, really doesn't want to go.
He realizes he is too.
**********************************************************************************
Craves him.
One step at a time though.
They moan and groan as they shamble towards them.
“Is that why you didn't come to practice with us anymore?” he asks. It's all starting to make sense now.
John doesn't even know his last name.
He had grown attached to John. This should never have happened. From an early age on he had been taught differently.
“I have lost too many I cared for because of them”, Holmes continues, “I will not lose you to them as well.....not yet........”
He's been brought to similar rooms before.
I shouldn't even be here.
“I missed you”, Sherlock says.
Molly has one hand clasped in front of her mouth, her tea cup is on the floor. The lush carpet is stained dark where the tea has spilled out of it.
John's chest rises and falls slowly as he breathes.
His brother smiles back. It's a nice look on him.
John seems a bit unsure how to handle Sherlock's sudden fascination with the wall just to the left of his ear.
“I didn't use magic, I just know how to memorize a pack of cards in under fifteen minutes”, Mycroft finally says. His tone flat and devoid of any emotion once more.
Oblivious to the turmoil around him.
It seemed to be working because Holmes opened his eyes once more.
To be with him.
Maybe John knows this too....
He looks furious.
His brother turns his attention back to him. Sherlock pretends he wasn't looking but it's too late. Mycroft always sees everything.
When John doesn't come back but only says “oh no” again, slightly louder this time, Sherlock hazards a glance through the partially opened door.
That anything could be possible.
An alarm-clock about to ring, waking you from a pleasant dream.
“I don't think so, I don't know any of the steps.”
But it was gone before John could fully register it. Once again a soft smile took its place.
“Sure”, Finn says because, back then, he sees no harm in such a venture. Mycroft is smart and strong and a damn good fighter and magic user. Some old cottage and a closed gateway does not sound particularly threatening. He's perfectly fine with giving their report to the Order on his own. There is hardly anything to report anyway.
If people talked about her at all she would simply be referred to as “Young Miss Hooper”.
He is referring to his own relationship with Finn but Sherlock does not know this.
I swing my feet over the side of the bed and for a moment the floor and ceiling seem to switch places only to right themselves again most violently.
Holmes had seemed to grow impatient then. His tone of voice filled with frustration as he replied: 'you know very well about what, Watson. I need to know what you saw at the field.'
Not to do this.
“We should probably call it a night”, he says. As nonchalantly as he can manage. If Finn had still been here he would not have been fooled. Luckily, Watson is not Finn.
Sherlock squints his eyes and commits its location to memory.
It swirls up into the night sky through the opened window, finding itself a home amongst the wispy clouds that cover up the moon and stars.
“Two months. Mark it on your calendar. I hope you like sweaty, stinky men because first thing I'm doing when I get back is go straight to you.”
He knows it's unfair. Mycroft is a fairly decent cook. His mind is just racing all over the place again. He needs it to stop and he's not sure how. He feels as if he has lost control. In every sense of the word.
When he woke in the morning sunlight was already starting to filter into the barn. He had overslept, but the storm at least seemed to have passed.
It's why he spent so many years in a relationship with a woman that had no future because he thought she would be better for it.
“Hello”, Sherlock says. His voice sounds as if he's talking from another room.
coming nearer.
He was however pretty certain that this place, this hallway lined with nothing but barred doors, was not a place that existed in the real world. He was strangely thankful for it.
He bites his lip.
The sound of their horses hooves and the occasional twitter of a bird had been the only things to break the uncomfortable silence they found themselves cloaked in.
Perhaps sensing Sherlock's defenses to be unbreakable, he's probably had years of practice at his old school John realizes and his heart gives a small pang, Sebastian now turns his attention to John.
And real things scare me.
Nothing more and nothing less.
“Until you collapsed and your heart stopped beating.”
John does understand.
Preferably, in the very  near future.
He looks to his right where John has, once again, closed his eyes, a soft smile is on his lips and Sherlock desperately wants to kiss those lips.
I don't even know.
And I'm not even sure we're in a relationship.
“We'll be following up on a lead today', Holmes says. His tone of voice hushed as  he glances around, making sure none of the other patrons are within earshot.
Slowly replacing the drugs that were starting to clear from his body.
It reminds Sherlock of something. A memory maybe.....another moment that he both feels he has and hasn't lived through yet.
“Holmes.....”
“Almost there”, he whispers, “almost there....almost.....”
Watching John is easy.
When he is just himself.
Does he know about this?
Hide from them.
'H. Watson.'
I search for traffic jams or delays in public transportation in the area but nothing comes up.
Both animals are far more used to being ridden than drawing carriages and it shows. They seem to be anxious as they chomp at their bits, swish their tails around agitatedly and paw at the flooring beneath.
They would talk, walk together, sit side by side in the grass. Only, as time wore on, the small distance that always seemed to be there between their bodies slowly started to disappear.
It cannot help itself.
If, in his dream, Holmes replied he doesn't remember.
With the knowing.....
The room is large and......opulent....for lack of a better word. He had expected nothing less from The Order. They like to flaunt their wealth and power at every opportunity they get.
Underneath him Sherlock makes an impatient noise.
Sure, relaxed, perfectly at ease.
I am too.
I wouldn't know.
I should have dressed warmer.
As if he doesn't already know that Sherlock will say yes no matter what he'll ask.
Have they only been accepting him in their midst because John likes him so much and they like  John?
, and he's not sure where those words are coming from.
Like a balm.
“You're such a liar.”
***************************
“Mind if I sit with you guys?”
************
And so he first flutters his eyelashes as he quickens the pattern of his breathing.
“Thank you.”
“Has it done anything....unusual.....since you've had it?” he asks Molly. He doesn't know how else to phrase his question. He doesn't know what they should expect really. The way it behaved when Watson held it.....it has never done anything like that before......Sherlock can't even imagine what else it might be capable of.....if his theory proves to be correct, that is.
He decides to look out of the window instead.
“Because I put it there.”
“Do you know who started the rumor?”, I ask.
In my head it is already done (as is pretty much most of this story) and I cannot wait to write it!
I am a mix of all kinds of emotions tonight.
It might be the last she gets of them.
The look on his face matches the tone of his voice and had Sherlock felt as if there were sparks of lightning coursing through his bloodstream before now he feels as if an entire thunderstorm is raging through his body.
As if we would be like this forever.
Without the sun you can't see the moon but when the sun is there to illuminate it......it shines all the brighter for it.
Around closing time Sherlock had asked John if he wanted to come with him.
But....she had seen his Death even before he had given it away.
The fingers of his right hand that he just cannot seem to keep still where they lay on the table top.
“I told you you'd find out.”
John is late.
“Sherlock! Hey!”
So he just exhales when Sherlock does and presses a kiss to Sherlock's curls.
Has trapped her here in this nonsense room in the middle of his mind.
And even if there was time....he's pretty sure Mycroft would not believe him. He has that look about him.
****************************
Because in his fantasies John forgives him for disappearing for four months without even a word.
He has told him so.
“Erm...”, he says.
The world around them silent and deceptively peaceful.
Just the two of them against the rest of the world.
Comments are always appreciated.
And, as he walks towards me, leaving the ginger girl mid-sentence, I'm starting to harbour just the smallest hint of hope that, maybe, tonight might not be the end after all.
Holmes' smile widened at Johns teasing reply. 'Figures', he said, 'can I ask you for another favor then?'
He's not a complete idiot.
And if that's a good or bad thing....only time can tell.
“You know very well what I mean”, Mrs. Holmes says, “you've been away from the mansion an awful lot lately and when you are here...”. She pauses for a moment to take another sip of her tea, “.....you look like.....this.”
Tonight Sherlock is just......so much.....of everything.
But in this moment he let's himself believe for the full 100%.
But just as they were about to reach the door one of the window-eyes seemed to blink open as a light in the kitchen was turned on.
Sherlock is hard.
'I knew it',  John said, 'there's just something about you.'
He takes another deep breath and closes his notebook.
I nod.
I nod. “Yeah”. I don't know what else to say. I don't know what to say period. I feel as if he is genuinely trying but I am so nervous and so afraid that if I say anything I'll just say the wrong thing that I just don't say anything at all.
John.
He has spoken to Bill so many times by now it would have been strange if he didn't.
There are not a whole lot of people here.
He was fine with staying.
“And I promise”, Bill continues. His tone of voice much lighter now that he has cleared his conscious, “if you call again and he is here I will get him for you immediately.........you know......if you call this Thursday around 5pm you should be able to catch him.”
My mother and I stand in silence for a bit as we watch him walk away through the window.
He's never had a boyfriend before. How's he supposed to know what boyfriends do....
“No need for small talk, John. It's far too early for that and I'm not really in the mood.”
There are bags under his eyes and his eyes themselves seem dimmed somehow. Robbed of their natural life and light.
Not in the least.
“You're still here?”
My version of the father is completely different. Again: because I had a longer story to work with and, since the queen does not come in until the very end and does very little besides turn Tam Lin/Sherlock into a couple of different animals, give up when this does not seem to work, curse at the both of them and leave. I felt a second antagonist that was there for the entire story was needed.
Because, what if he decides I am not worth all this trouble after all?
And sure enough, eventually, her gasping sobs quiet down just a bit.
he thought to himself.
For a moment John doesn't think Holmes will answer. He just stands there, his gaze fixed on the stable-doors and a contemplative expression creasing his brow.
It reminds John of the first night they'd met. It seems like a lifetime ago now.
As the blood was starting to wash off of him and Holmes was out cold, oblivious to the world around him, John had a chance to actually look at him. He had a strange face. Not wholly unattractive (John stopped his mind right there before it could delve any further in the dangerous territory that was the attractiveness of Master Holmes) but slightly odd all the same. His face was slightly long with a nose that had just the slightest of angles in it. His eyes seemed to change color every time Master Holmes temporarily regained semi-consciousness and opened them. The colors John saw there ranged from sea blue, to green to a much darker blue and speckled through his irises were flecks that seemed to consist purely out of light. He was mesmerized.
Lurking in the dark corners of every single hotel room on every single stolen night.
Mycroft sighs again.
It's nice to know I'm not just screaming into the internet-void.
And maybe I'm just a coward because I don't say anything.
What if Sherlock had been high every time they had been together.
Hoping he will understand what he is trying to say.
But looking away means looking at Molly and the look of utter fondness and endearment she throws my way makes me even more uncomfortable.
But of course my mother makes me go anyway.
Aggravated his father pushed him back again and he ended up sitting on the windowsill with his back pressed against the glass. It felt cold. A stark contrast to the heat of his father's rage in front of him.
“Mycroft will. He’ll fix it. They take volunteers for smaller periods of time; you can do it in a year or two if you still want to, but John. You cannot go to Africa.” Sherlock’s hands were tight on John’s shoulders, and one finger was digging a little too deeply into his scar. He grimaced, and Sherlock loosened his grip a little, though he didn't let go completely. “I'm asking you not to go. I'm a selfish prick, John. The world has plenty of doctors and I only have one you.”
"For..."
“Alright,” came Greg’s voice, sheepish and embarrassed. Mycroft had snapped his mouth shut, and Sherlock was shaking his head.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John, you have spent a portion of the entire time we have known one another trying to improve me. Don't pretend that's not been the case; it's tiresome.”
Trust sherlock to over-analyze a simple remark to the school bully.
“That's a “yes” right?” John says.
My mother heads to the kitchen to get some first aid materials and so she leaves him alone with me and I can't help but touch him. I can't
They've hardly discussed what this thing that has formed between them is amongst the two of them, talking about it to John's parents or.....heaven forbid, Mycroft.....that just seems like a bridge neither of them is quite ready to cross yet.
Begrudgingly he had woven in a bit more blue as the bright moment between them passed.
In the dark it moves towards them silently.
Plans had to be made.
By now all of the candles Holmes had lit before have gone out and the curtains are drawn making the room around him seem like nothing but ominous black.
*****************************************************
.....to take and shape and make your own....
To wile away the lonely hours of the night when every other sane person is in their own bed and asleep.
The black horse's front leg buckled underneath it where the dagger had cut through the tendon John had aimed it at.
Like fluid water its meaning keeps slipping through his grasp.
John felt as if he had spent this entire evening lost for words. What was he even still doing here if Holmes so very clearly didn't want him here. He felt awkward and out of place. The situation only made worse by his masters lack of clothing and the intimate feel of the dark room with it's flickering candles.
Sherlock knows he should be glad for them. After all, he's been trying to help John get with Molly for the past two months.
John is looking away from him now.
And so I just close my eyes and kiss him.
His left one.
All the rooms of his mind-palace seem to be overflowing with it.
With emotions and feelings and relationships because I've never had a proper relationship and I don't know what John wants and I'm afraid to ask because I'm afraid that if I do he'll say goodbye.
The next line is Demetrius' but John doesn't seem to be aware of that fact.
'God, Sherlock, I don't want to talk about it alright! It's not always about you.'
And I think, in that moment, I understand her a little bit better.
John bent and flexed his fingers once more and as the first of the riders led their horse forward into the moonlit clearing  he urged his horse to move backwards. Shrouding himself even further in the dark shadow cast by the tree.
Mycroft can only imagine what that had been like for him.
I have decided to devide Miss Hooper's tale into three parts so expect a third installment sometime....
John shakes his head.
And was that really the heart of the matter? Was Sherlock so unused to having a friend that he didn't know how to handle having one?
He coughs. It's probably a bad idea to think about kissing Sherlock with his brother
His voice is slightly more human this time.
“Need us to go and talk to him for you? Tell him to stay away from you?”
Time changes things.
It is a sound like fingers running up and down frayed nerves. Nails plucking. Teeth being pulled. Molly wants to cover her ears but she finds she can't because the soldier is pulling her along.
The weight of him comforting, familiar and all consuming.
About me.
I am so lost in thought that I don't notice Molly has turned around.
Sherlock Holmes undying and Doctor Watson forever being reborn time and time again to be by his side as his constant companion and make him whole once more.
He also can't be in this room alone with John.
He does feel I'm getting hard because he lets out a low growl that travels from my ears through my spine and all the way to my toes as he forces his tongue inside of my mouth.
Another hooded figure, sat motionless atop a horse, with their head bowed low.
Next to his father's.
“So....”, John says. John hasn't left his side at all during class. This part of his plan he definitely does like. Whatever the future will bring. “Are you ready to go?”
Sherlock's thoughts drifted from his conversation with Finn to the events of that night. John Watson being the link connecting both events.
His father's voice thundered in his ears. Every single syllable was filled with rage and fire. From the corners of his eyes he could see a couple of servants make a hasty retreat.
He knows he shouldn't.
Sherlock turned his face towards John now and after seeing the look of concern there he did bring himself to lean up at least halfway on his elbows.
“It means it is safe for us to travel to the Hooper estate.....we should leave tonight.....I don't know how much time Finn has bought us.”
His raven hair was slicked neatly back and glistened appealingly in the light of the candles.
John is actually his.
Well.....seems he is about to find out.
“Yeah, sure, whatever you say captain.”
She had taken away his inhibitions and rational thinking.
Henry the postman. A tall, curly-headed man who was only made more gorgeous by the snowflakes twinkling in his hair and flush of cold on his high cheekbones. A tall, curly-headed man who was looking at John, who was looking back, aware that his mouth had dropped open.
“Let me do the next trip, yeah?” he said, dangling the now-empty tray from one hand and dropping a kiss to her wrinkled cheek. “Is Bertie still in the kitchen? I can bring the drinks in too.” She opened her mouth to protest and he waved her off. “It's enough that you wouldn't let me bring anything but presents; at least let me do this.”
When he knocked, Mrs. Hudson answered the door. She tilted her face up so he could awkwardly buss her cheek, and then waved him into the front hall. “He’s upstairs, Inspector; you should just go on up. I’m sure he’ll be glad to see you.”
“May I recommend consulting my fist?”
Together.
“It is easy to dismiss the sense of smell when determining--”
“I wasn't considering that, but you were still panicking over my arrival not two hours ago. I think you have at least a small amount of doubt as well. I believe it might be easier for us to begin this in a place where we have no history. Perhaps an unfamiliar location will help us to concentrate on making sure this is what we want.”
“No, you can't.” Sherlock’s face was carefully blank, his voice steady and even. “It can’t be like that, John, not ever again.”
Greg held his hands up in surrender. “Okay. Okay. If you need--if there’s anything--you know where to find me, yeah? Send me a text and I’ll come as soon as I can.”
over the uneven ground of the Giant’s Causeway, Sherlock
he thought, and then he repeated the thought out loud. “I came here tonight to tell you something, and I think we both need me to.”
“Get dressed. We’re never going to finish an actual conversation this close to the sodding bed. Come storm out of the house with me.”
, and even though John had been thinking about it for years, he still couldn’t quite believe it.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s back and buried his face in his neck, and they stood in the middle of the sitting room for a long time. “Okay,” he finally mumbled. “Let's do that.”
“Excellent timing, John. I see you’re still being held hostage by mundane habits.” Sherlock tilted John’s chin up and pressed a brief kiss to his mouth. “Shall we go investigate the contents of that hamper?”
Sherlock just nodded into his neck, but John knew what it meant as well as he knew that he would never leave Sherlock alone in December, ever again.
“Of sorts,” John interjected, but let Sherlock go on.
The third time they ended up sleeping together, John started to suspect something deliberate was going on.
moved on. You've spent a year here, built a life--”
John raised his gaze to meet Mike’s. “That’d be great. Cheers.”
.” The word was a quiet hiss in the room, and the two just stared at each other for a long moment before Sherlock spoke again. “I know Mycroft told you I’ve decided to receive no knowledge based on any foreign surveillance he may have set up. Please honor that wish.”
Sherlock didn't think he'd ever heard John say that many words all at the same time before, and suddenly, he knew exactly what they needed. “I don’t think we should go back to London together. Not yet.”
It wasn't immediately obvious. After all, they'd shared a bed--or a couch, or a set of stairs, or a jail cell, or on one memorable occasion a (thankfully disabled) walk-in freezer--many times over the course of their friendship. They needed to sleep (well, John needed to sleep), and sometimes, there just wasn't a lot of space available. So they'd shared, sometimes.
Greg nodded, closing his mouth as he moved to sit at the table. Sherlock busied himself at the counter, filling another mug from the kettle and dropping a diffuser of loose tea into the water. He set it before Greg and then placed the sugar bowl on the table between them before sliding gracefully into the chair across from him. Greg cupped his hands around the mug, waiting for the tea to steep, and looked across the table at Sherlock.
Sherlock’s hands tightened around his waist. “You love your morbid boyfriend.”
“Want you,” Sherlock gasped, sliding his hands around John’s arse and teasing a finger down his cleft, making John’s hips buck. “All those things you wrote about…I want to do them all, right now, right here.” He thrust against John, and they were both fully erect now. “But I want to do this first.”
John might have to start his own mind palace just to catalog the sounds Sherlock made during sex, because fucking hell, he'd never heard anything so unbelievably hot in his life.
“Stay exactly where you are. Don’t move.” As he moved away from the window, he saw John’s head snap up, but he was already thumbing off his phone and leaping toward the stairs. Barely ten seconds later he had flung open the door to Baker Street and was standing in front of John on the sidewalk.
Special thanks to
“He’s not exactly calling me at all hours either,” John spat, and heard the sudden bitterness in his tone.
“He thought he heard a knock at the door and he’s gone to answer it. I'm guessing it's Henry, and if I know Bertie, he’ll make him come in for a cuppa before finishing the route.” Maeve tilted her ear toward the door that connected the cozy back sitting room to the rest of the house. “Yes, I definitely hear two voices. John, if you’ll take that tray through to the kitchen and--”
Except John was looking up at him now, unmoving except for the clenching of his left hand. Sherlock lifted a hand, wanting to make sure John knew he’d seen him, but John still didn’t move to come in. The sun was bright that afternoon, and it was hard to discern the exact expression on his face. The giddiness in Sherlock was slowing down, slipping away. What could be the matter? John was here. He’d brought his things. He wouldn’t have done that if he had changed his mind.
“Breakfast, John!”
John laughs out loud, but then stills in Sherlock’s arms, turning his face up to meet Sherlock’s gaze. It is, all at once, the simplest thing in the world to bring their mouths together in a brief, warm press of lips.
Greg climbed the stairs slowly, wishing he was anywhere but there. It wasn't his place to interfere. Sherlock was an adult who had clearly made a choice, and if he was settled with that choice, who was Greg to do anything about it? He'd just reached the top when he turned and made to go back downstairs.
London. He spent days walking for hours at a time, past old crime scenes and alleys they’d sprinted down and the doors of favorite restaurants; through museums and under bridges and across parks. He wasn’t sure when he’d be back. Couldn’t imagine living in a London where Sherlock lived but not having Sherlock in his life. He thought about the awful beige days in the horrible post-Army bedsit. He thought about the long black years after the Fall, when the colors and lines of the city first lost their sharpness and then faded around the edges and into the darkness he'd been drowning in. He thought about the many gray months when he’d been living with Mary, when he didn’t text Sherlock or call him for long periods of time, taking their friendship for granted. He thought about the wasted days of anger, and the long years of denial. He thought about mourning and loving and raging and hating and laughing and saving and
Greg shrugged. “I’d imagine if you were in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes, there’d be no end of things to get pissed about.” He stiffened slightly, and then turned to her. “I’m sorry, Molly; I didn’t mean to talk about that.”
“You’re still making me wait, John,” Sherlock managed, and this time when John laughed, it had more strength behind it.
A reminder: there will be no new chapter tomorrow. This fic will be complete after this weekend, with chapter 11 going up sometime on Saturday and the epilogue following on Sunday.
“When we were younger, I gave you a piece of advice on relationships.”
Sherlock's gaze slid sideways to the window, unfocused. "Mycroft always has work for me. I'll take...one of the quieter options, this time."
Greg sighed and stood. “I don’t know how despondent you are, Sherlock, but I can tell you that John--”
Inspired by #setlock, which I have been obsessed with.
“Please, John. Don't.”
“You said that--”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he said quietly, his hands gripping the mug tightly. “I shouldn’t have presumed. I shouldn't have just shown up here last night. I don’t--I know I can’t expect things to just go back to like they used to be, for us to go back to how we used to be.”
Sherlock was there.
He'd snarled into the phone when Mummy called, and had then been guilted into spending three days at home instead of taking the train there and back on the same day.
By 8 am they've received their lecture, given their statements, filled out their paperwork and handed a check by the sour-faced accounts payable clerk. Yawning, John walks out of the Met behind Sherlock, who hails a cab with his usual ease. He is surprised, however, when Sherlock gives a strange address instead of directing the driver to take them home.
Then he wondered if he would care.
“So you aren’t--” he broke off, hesitated, and then continued. “You aren’t reading his blog.”
showing in the window. “I thought it was too good to be true when you left the thing at home.”
Sherlock raised a brow at him and John easily translated it into
Leave Sherlock.
“I know what G2 is, Sherlock, but the idea that Maeve and Bertie used to be a part of it is preposterous. What did he do, keep bees for them? And Maeve has many skills, but spying isn't one of them.”
Sherlock slid his hands down to John’s shoulders and pulled him closer. “‘I have never loved, nor will I ever love, anyone or anything as much as I love you,’” he quoted, his voice very low.
“We’re both idiots.” John’s hand came up to cover Sherlock’s, and they stood there for a long moment, just looking at each other. Sherlock was afraid to move, afraid to say anything else. Even now he could hardly believe John was standing in front of him, suitcases at hand. Almost home. He gathered the last of his courage for one final push.
“Care to tell me how you arranged my neighbors, Mycroft?”
This is where the rating jumps, in case you aren't okay with that.
The fire department was more understanding than Mrs. Hudson was.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed and his hands were fisted in his own curls, and his breath was coming in heavy pants. There was a flush spreading over his chest and a light sheen of sweat rising on his skin, and John’s heart slammed against the walls of his chest.
“That sounds more like you do not trust
“You remember they were running that contest, for the best pictures of the bees? Turns out it ended early, and with something of a surprise.”
, and what could he say to that? What counterargument did he have that was worth anything? Sherlock had come back for him--twice--and John had given him nothing but pain in return. And now that he was ready--eager--
I understand that you felt you needed to leave London, but what I’m saying is that he’s not okay. No matter what temporary stupidity made him turn you down, he’s not okay with your being gone.
Sherlock nodded, no longer meeting his eyes, and after another long silence, Greg made his way to the door and away from Baker Street.
For once in his life, Sherlock needed more than facts.
He was a horrible person and he didn't care. It was a horrible holiday and it had always been a horrible holiday (except once) and at that moment if he could have convinced someone to administer the proper drugs he would have gone into a medically induced coma until Boxing Day.
Sherlock’s letters were awful and gorgeous and eloquent and heartbreaking and insightful and John felt as if they had torn him to pieces and then patched him back up. If Sherlock showing up on Maeve and Bertie’s doorstep hadn’t convinced John that he could actually have this, the letters certainly had. Sherlock hadn’t exaggerated about the emotional journey they spanned, and John felt completely wrung out. He needed to see Sherlock that very minute. After handing John the notebook and kissing him thoroughly, Sherlock had taken John’s laptop into the bedroom to work on a counterfeiting case Greg had emailed him.
, and he grit his teeth and he swallowed down the screams and the vomit that mingled in his throat every minute and he packed away the detritus of a failed life. It was the kind of task your best friend might help you with, he thought, forcing down yet another hysterical laugh, if your best friend wasn’t Sherlock and if you hadn’t spent years slowly and methodically breaking his heart. In the back of his mind, every day, he thought how convenient it would be if someone would just blow the house up and save him from having to deal with it.
John swallowed hard, unable to look away. "I don't--what--" He shook his head sharply and tried again. "What are you really asking me, Mycroft?"
“I am, aren’t I. Christ, I don’t know what’s gotten into--” John shook his head again, staring down at the ground, and still he made no further move toward the door. Sherlock’s heart cracked wide open, and he knew what to do. It might not be what people did, but it would be what he would do.
“Me too,” Sherlock admitted, and John huffed out a broken laugh. “But...I think...John, I’m more scared of what happens if you don’t come in.”
“No more waiting, John.”
“Mmmm.”
They were in the last few days of their holiday, and there was no longer any question about what would happen next. Soon they'd go back to Castletownbere to retrieve Einstein and spend a last night with Maeve and Bertie before returning to London. Mycroft, being certain what his brother would do, had never actually gotten John an appointment with Doctors Without Borders, so there was nothing to fix there. They were free from any obligations but those to one another, and despite the fact that their holiday had been nothing less than idyllic, were looking forward to finally beginning their Baker Street life again.
Sherlock froze, his mouth falling open a little. “I’m sorry, but did you just say--”
Sherlock leaned down until their foreheads were touching. “Welcome home, John.”
“How convenient, then, that I happened to move in across the street.”
There was no response, so John reluctantly went home. You’ve waited years, he told himself. You can wait until tomorrow.
It wasn't that he didn’t trust John when he said that he loved Sherlock and wanted to come home. He had a year’s worth of letters, a day’s worth of confessions, the opinions of friends, and his own considerable deductive skills to show him that John was telling him the truth. He suspected his was irrational doubt, based in the heart rather than in the brain, and Sherlock was unaccustomed to personal irrationality. The facts presented to him told him that John would be nothing less than completely devoted to him.
“Now,” said John, sitting back on his heels, “Let's talk about your inability to follow directions, my love,” and as his fingers twisted Sherlock’s nipples, hard, they both gasped with the knowledge and satisfaction that each was getting exactly what they had hoped for.
But John never stopped thinking about it.
, filling in for a maternity leave. Doctor O'Sullivan (not a real person), the doctor John is replacing for a year, has a
“Anytime,” John replied. “Now, Mycroft, let's talk about how I will never again find myself living across from spies, even if they are lovely people who I will ultimately--Sherlock. If you're going to make that awful retching sound, kindly sod off to the bathroom; there's a love.”
If he’d had to guess, he wouldn’t have imagined that he would find Sherlock asleep, curled on his side on the couch, clutching the Union Jack pillow that used to sit in John’s chair.
“Left without your luggage this morning, did you?” John asked, setting it down inside the door. Sherlock looked at it without much surprise.
The first finger slipped in easily, thanks to the rimming, and John mentally added another point in that act’s favor. He pulled it out and eased two in slowly, stopping at the first knuckle when Sherlock let out a hiss of discomfort. They breathed together, John rubbing slow circles on Sherlock’s stomach, and John only moved again when Sherlock nodded. This time Sherlock exhaled as John pushed in, and soon both fingers were completely inside. John moved them in and out slowly, carefully, twisting them a little and pressing down until...
It made John cranky.
Sherlock threw him a disbelieving look as he continued to dress. “Mycroft is good, John, but I don't believe even he could arrange for a doctor living across the street from former spies to get pregnant and--”
“I thought my texts were quite clear, Sherlock.” John’s tone was even, and anyone else but Sherlock might have called it conversational. Of course, anyone else would have looked at John Watson, with his jumpers and his blog and his placid expressions and seen no threat. “Our bed; the black silk briefs; the blindfold. I wasn't aware I had made a request, and yet you seem to have taken my instructions as optional.”
When Greg slid into the booth across from him, John drained the last of his first pint and signaled the waitress for a round for both of them. One glance told him that the DI already knew. Or suspected.
“Thanks for seeing me, mate.”
What he didn't know was why, when the hotel in Manchester wasn't remotely full three weeks ago, they still ended up in a room with one bed. He'd been too exhausted to ask that night, and was barely able to strip down to vest and pants before collapsing face first and falling asleep. When he'd woken the next morning, Sherlock was up and dressed, but there was a definite head dent in his pillow. It had occurred to him to ask about the bed thing later, but he had decided to just let it go.
But all John heard was
“Christ, Sherlock, they invented the phrase ‘topping from the bottom’ just for you, didn't they?”
“John, you don't have to--”
Still Sherlock didn't look at him. "No. Long enough for me--long enough to--"
John held him tighter. “It'll be us, every Christmas.”
“Sherlock won’t notice? Do you really want to be the focus of Sherlock’s angry attention as we cut through their argument on our way out? If there was a safe way out of this flat via the window, I’d be suggesting we take it.” Greg sank down next to her, defeated.
“Go away, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, closing his eyes again, but the usual bite was missing from his tone.
“Stay,” John said, crossing back to the kitchen and settling his hands on Sherlock’s waist carefully. “Stay until...Christmas. Until New Year’s. Until I...just
John nodded. “Before I went to Africa, yeah. But then I figured I’d just be going home with you instead.”
After five days, John put his foot down about the Ball deciding on things like eating (
“No. No, it bloody well does not.”
“Stop thinking so loudly, John; the semen you deposited all over my stomach has congealed and it’s quite unpleasant.”
He let his gaze skitter over Sherlock: his beautiful, beloved face; the pale expanse of his neck; his impossibly long fingers. His rigid form, completely motionless and so close that John would only have to lift a finger to touch. Twice before, John had thought he was seeing Sherlock for the last time. On the tarmac, he’d stepped away after only a handshake. Could he leave Sherlock (forever) without...something?
“Even when you were away?” It was easier, now, to talk about it.
definitely
Maeve looked from one to the other, and a smile began to spread over her face. “John, dear, is this your young man?”
“I did notice you didn't send any postcards.”
John's brow furrowed. “What the hell are you talking about?”
But Sherlock seemed to be having a good time, and he'd been in an exceptionally good mood since the party, so John bit his tongue and tried to enjoy the holiday. He even convinced Sherlock to help with the tree, and though it took two days to decorate thanks to every ornament placement needing to be questioned, they had a good time doing it.
“Out of town?” He could hear the confusion in Mike’s tone, but John continued to look steadily at his left knee. There was another long silence, and then, mercifully, Mike began to type. “We have gotten several requests recently, and at least four or five were outside London. I’ll forward them to your email, yeah?”
The flat’s clean. You offered me tea. You remembered my name. Jesus Christ, you just exchanged pleasantries with me.”
The two brothers sat in silence a long while before Mycroft finally asked, “Did it work?”
“Very,” John agreed, stroking a thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand. “But that isn't everything, not by a long shot.”
“John Watson, are you jealous because I paid attention to some rocks?”
) and bathing (
John’s eyes were wet and his fingers tightened over Sherlock’s. “No more waiting.” And then he leaned in, or Sherlock leaned in, and he let his eyes slide shut and…
“I made you a cuppa, but it'll be cold by now.”
“I know. I wanted to say it...and then come to you. Please come in, John.” Sherlock lifted a hand carefully and touched John’s cheek, very lightly. “I made you wait, too.”
Early in the trip they'd lost two days after Sherlock had walked too close to the edge of the Cliffs of Moher and impulsively opened his arms to the rushing wind. When he'd turned around to find John and seen him crouched on the ground, nearly hyperventilating with panic, he’d realized his mistake immediately. It was fortunate they'd been renting a tiny cottage for a few days, because the horrible succession of arguments, accusations, and confessions they'd hurled at one another for nearly 48 hours straight would have certainly gotten them ejected from a hotel. It had been during those days, however, that Sherlock had finally, haltingly, begun to tell him about those lonely, harrowing, horrible years, and that John was finally able to listen and begin to understand. Through his acceptance of Sherlock’s truths, he'd been able to share his own pain in turn.
Leave Sherlock, so Sherlock wouldn't have to go.
The night air was crisp, and Sherlock was glad he’d opted for the wool trousers that morning. One gloved hand was tucked into his coat pocket, but the other held John’s firmly as they walked along the road. The walk had been a good idea. Sherlock had wanted to touch John for so long that a warm house filled with flat surfaces was simply an endless source of temptation; John appeared to feel the same way.
Sherlock pulled out his phone, tapped the screen a couple of times, and then typed several words. It wasn't until he started shaking it, though, that John understood what was happening.
John entered the pub a few minutes late and found Greg wedged into a corner table, curled around a mostly empty glass with two more full ones in front of him and picking through a half-empty basket of chips.
There is no dramatic moment. No one is leaving; no one is dying; no one is marrying anyone else. Later, when asked how it happens, it is not a story that will embarrass either of them to tell. It is, in fact, barely a story at all.
John's brow creased and his face grew serious. He pulled on the curls gently until Sherlock raised his head and looked at him. Sure enough, red stained the alabaster cheeks. “Sherlock. You're a scientist. You research things. You experiment. You filled the tub with live fish last week. Why on earth would you think spending a couple of days tracking down bees would be silly?”
It made Greg crazy.
Out came the 8-Ball.
John had imagined this very moment so many times--Sherlock, naked and willing, spread out beneath him--but nothing could have prepared him for the reality of how gorgeous Sherlock was like this. The morning sun lit him perfectly and he was all creamy skin and long limbs and hard cock bobbing against his stomach, and he was gazing up at John with so much love and desire that John felt his eyes prickle. He reached a hand out and stroked down his cheek, and Sherlock leaned into the gentle caress immediately, his lips curving into a smile.
He didn’t need to answer. The sudden bleakness in his eyes made her want to weep.
“I love you.” John watched Sherlock’s shoulders sag, and then his eyes opened again, slowly, and they were unreadable. “You haven't deduced everything,” John pressed on.”I love you. I want to come home.”
“Myc, we agreed no laptops tonight. Put that thing away and come to--
“Trust me, I won't.”
“How do you know he’s miserable?”
John gave him a small, rueful smile. “My track record isn't exactly stellar either.” His eyes drifted down to the spot on Sherlock’s chest where proof of that would never disappear.
“If you'd read more carefully,” John grunted, pulling the ropes tighter, “you'd have learned that is is not a day on which you want to fuck with me.” Sherlock opened his mouth and John shoved three fingers inside, causing the detective to gag and splutter before gaining control and beginning to suck. “I'm not in the mood for your mouth to do anything but what it’s currently doing.” He watched Sherlock’s mouth awhile, tracing a finger through the saliva that began to drip around his fingers. “Fuck, that's gorgeous. You're so pretty when your mouth is full of me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually, though, the plates were set aside and they both grew steadily more quiet. Sherlock was refilling their wine glasses when John finally took a deep breath and asked:
“Oh, you can’t deduce with the eyes in the back of your head, or the scent on the air?” John grinned as Sherlock wrinkled his nose.
“John’s in Ireland…”
A hazy, feeble beam of light struggles through the window and lands on his flatmate’s hair, and in that moment, he knows that they cannot wait any longer. The time has come, and nothing else can happen until this does.
"What, in the end, has loving you done for my brother? Ultimately, what has he gained? A scarred back, a gunshot wound, and a broken heart. More than one of the latter, in fact, because you weren't content with just breaking him once. You are the only person he has ever loved, the only person he has ever trusted, and because of that, I trusted you too. I trusted you to take care of him, and you failed.
Then John let out a low, humorless chuckle, and Sherlock’s pulse skyrocketed. It had been an even worse day than he'd deduced, then. He knew exactly what John needed, and he rolled over onto his back, reaching up and holding onto the bed rails. As John--pupils blown wide, jaw set--made quick work of knotting the ropes around Sherlock’s wrists, Sherlock stretched his neck out in a gesture of submission, his eyes hungrily roaming the length of John’s body before settling on his rapidly swelling cock.
John burst out laughing. “Brat.” He reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face in his hand, rubbing his thumb over his mouth before bringing their mouths together. “I can see why you did it anonymously.”
“What are you suggesting?”
. Specialty footwear is of little use to me.”) But instead, being Sherlock, he strode around as usual no matter what the terrain, Belstaff collar turned up against the wind, with what had to be a ridiculously overpriced leather specimen case slung over one shoulder.
“The mind boggles, John; and to think I once thought highly of Gerald.” But there was a glint in his eyes that told John he didn’t really mean it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Do you have any idea how long I've waited to have you in my mouth? You must.”
The uncharacteristic ferocity in Mycroft's voice finally got John to look up from his lap, and he was stunned to see actual emotion on the older man's face. He had seen Mycroft display true emotion only a handful of times, and it was rarely this one:
Who had possibly been nuns.
“Can we...do this, John?” His voice was quiet and his tone unsure. “We do seem to be very good at the carnal aspects of a relationship, at least in comparison to my past experience.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, turning the ball window-up. To John’s surprise, his lips quirked a little, and he thrust the ball out.
John shook his head in disbelief. “I knew he was worried about you, but--”
“I said--”
“Your mouth needs its own warning label,” John said some time later, when they’d made it back to the bed, dry, dressed in pajamas, and (momentarily) sated. Sherlock, smiling a little, fussed with the pillows behind them so they were both propped partially upright. He reached out for John's hand and twined their fingers together, and then the smile faded.
“Always.”
John dragged his cock over Sherlock’s mouth once more and then shoved in, hard. Sherlock moaned, long and low, and John chuckled as he felt the head bump against the back of Sherlock’s throat. “Fuck, love, you’re gagging for it, aren’t you?” Sherlock moaned again, and John took his hand off his shaft and fisted it in the other side of the mass of curls. “Hands behind your back,” John snapped, and, as Sherlock quickly obeyed, John began to fuck his mouth in smooth, sure strokes. A choked moan came from Sherlock every time John hit the back of his throat, and soon tears were forming in the corners of his eyes.
At the sound of the endearment on John’s lips, Mycroft made a small retching noise of his own.
, Sherlock.”
With an inaudible sigh, Mycroft sank into one of the green armchairs and waited for his brother to wake up. He used the time to examine the flat and Sherlock himself. It was true; he’d never seen 221B cleaner than it was right now. The sitting room was completely free of clutter. He suspected Sherlock had boxed up everything that reminded him of John and either discarded it or put it up in the second bedroom - probably the latter - and when that was completed, there simply wasn’t much left.
At Greg’s abrupt outburst from behind him, John looked away from the body they were crouched beside and swiveled to look. He barely concealed his eye roll as he turned his attention back to the inspection he’d been performing. He could hear Greg’s voice raised in the background, saying things like “They realize this is an actual murder, right?” and “Donovan, so help me, if one of them puts a finger over the tape…” and “What a fucking nightmare.”
“Molly. I asked Molly to read some of your letters and tell me if she thought I could trust them as much as I wanted to. I already knew that Lestrade believed you. And...Mycroft.”
In the ensuing silence, John couldn’t bring himself to meet Mike’s eyes.
that had been part of his daily life for so long now that he could hardly imagine a way to make it better. “I don’t know what to say. I don’t know how to do this.”
John stood on the pavement, looking up at the familiar windows. The last time he'd stood there, he'd been filled with hope and ready to give Sherlock everything. It had gone so terribly wrong, and he'd never thought to have a second chance at it, yet here he was, filled with hope and ready to give Sherlock everything. It had been a long, horrible year, but then, like some rom-com on late night telly, his madman had arrived and given him the present of a lifetime.
As Mycroft crossed the room to go, Sherlock reached out and caught his wrist in both hands. The brothers looked at one another for a long moment, and then Sherlock released him. Mycroft was out the door and halfway down the stairs before he murmured, “You’re welcome, Sherlock.”
Three days passed and Sherlock had embraced the Magic 8-Ball as the Decider of All Things. Sometimes this was terrific, and John kicked his feet up while Sherlock cooked dinner and hoovered the carpet. The 8-Ball had been responsible for a mind-blowing shower blow job for John and an afternoon where he let the 8-Ball decide when Sherlock could come--a long afternoon, as the 8-Ball kept turning up
“Now put my sweater back in the wardrobe and start deciding things like a normal...well, you.”
“And...what? It didn’t go well?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but obediently took out his phone and made a show of deleting the app with a flourish.
I am pretty sure the tags will be updating daily, now; please continue to check them for anything that might concern you.
“Only measured in minutes this time,” murmured Sherlock, and his eyes shone with promises. He bent down and picked up John’s suitcases, gesturing him forward with his head. John accepted Mrs. Hudson’s hug and started up the stairs as Sherlock stepped into the front hallway, reaching behind him and closing the door firmly on the past.
There seemed to be nothing left to do but leave.
. Surely it is considered impolite to succumb to depressive thoughts when you have been offered oral sex. Cease them immediately.”
“I don’t have to kiss the Blarney Stone, do I?”
John grinned. “I combed through my vocabulary for the best word.” At Sherlock’s groan, the grin grew wider. “Your dislike of my word choice really stings, Sherlock.” John evaded Sherlock’s mouth, which was attempting to stifle his words. “Hopefully the buzz over this dies down soon.”
Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s back, tentatively at first, then with more surety as John holds on. They stand there embracing in the darkened sitting room, and after several minutes, John chuckles into his shoulder.
John takes a step closer. “You did. I didn't think about them all day,” he admits. He pictures them now, Mary and the baby who wasn't his, and wonders again where Mycroft had stashed them, though John had made the elder Holmes promise never to tell him. He closes his eyes briefly, indulging in a thought of how his first Father’s Day might have gone if things had turned out differently.
“It isn’t enough.” When Greg opened his mouth to respond again, John cut him off. “Greg. I didn’t misunderstand. I didn’t misread him. He told me to leave. He told me he was going to let Mycroft send him out of London so he could delete loving me.” John’s throat worked again; he could feel bile rising up. “I can’t take anything else away from him. I can’t push him, and I can’t have him, and I can’t just try to be his friend, and I can’t live here without him. I have to go.”
There was a soft sigh, and then a lamp snapped on. Sherlock’s face was blank, but there was something about his eyes that didn't sit right with John. “Has something happened? Why are you sitting here in the dark?”
John turned back to Sherlock and took his hands. “I'll never leave you alone at Christmastime again, alright?” Sherlock opened his mouth, and then, to John’s astonishment, he closed it and simply nodded. John kissed the back of each hand in turn, and then squeezed them hard, swallowing down the lump in this throat and his guilt and forcing brightness into his tone. “Okay. We have five days until Christmas, so let's be completely ridiculous, yeah?”
As John watched from his seat on a rock cluster fifteen or so metres away, Sherlock dropped to one knee beside a particularly low grouping of the basalt columns that comprised most of the geothermal phenomenon. He rummaged in his pocket for a minute, produced his magnifier, and began to examine the columns closely.
John ran a hand through his hair, looking around on the floor for his pants. “I can't exactly make you scream at Maeve and Bertie’s, love; the walls in those cottages are thin, and while I know they're on board with this relationship, I don't want to scandalize them. It'll be a couple of days before I can really touch you again.”
He strode out just as quickly, with a continued stream of
“Oh, fuck no,” Greg groaned, burying his head in his hands while Molly flushed crimson and kept giggling. “No, no, no. My Christmas Eve is
John decided to employ the science of deduction. He considered the information he had:
“John, I am perfectly capable of being on my own for--”
"Nuns.”
“John?”
John heard Sherlock pick up the cup and put it back down abruptly, followed by the sound of the stove clicking on. He waited until he heard a chair slide out from the table before folding the paper back to the article he'd read earlier, picking up his mostly empty cup, and joining Sherlock in the kitchen. He dropped the paper face-up between them as he set his cup down and sat down on the other side of the table. “Seen the paper yet, love?”
After all, he'd found himself wishing Sherlock had still been there when he woke up that morning.
Sherlock swallowed, and then looked down at John’s chest. “Are you certain?” He asked, very quietly.
John rested his head back against his pillow, tilting his face up and staring at the ceiling. “There are definitely...things to consider. This--today--has been amazing, but I am still a little worried. That you might still decide that you can't trust me. Or that you might decide over the next day or week that I am--that this is--not worth the trouble. That it would be easier, and better for you, to go home and truly move on.”
John grimaced. “Technically, she killed him first.” He held up a hand when Greg’s eyes lifted to the ceiling. “Yeah, okay, you’re right. I haven’t been trying very hard.” He scrubbed his hands over his face, guilt washing over him, along with the familiar wave of
John jerked upright, looking down into Sherlock’s face.
And then John’s stomach rumbled, loudly.
“Something like that.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “Swarm, John? Really?”
“Writing out responses to you made me begin to question my decision. They are angry at first--you will see that--and then, they became. Well. Practice, I suppose. Practice at letting you back in, at listening to you. In October I brought in more of a neutral party to advise me.”
“Ouch!”
“This conversation--”
“Thank you,” John says, pushing his face into Sherlock’s neck, brushing a kiss there, and holding on. It feels like a promise, and a beginning, and a confirmation, and it's all that's necessary in that moment. “Thank you.”
Date: 17-04-2016
"Rough day?"
“Not now I bloody well don't. I mean, I don't want to be an ungrateful bastard and tell Doctors Without Borders to fuck off, but--”
“Let’s take the holiday. Together.” Sherlock reached for John’s other hand and pulled him close. “I believe if we take the time to adjust to our...status change...before we go home, we have a better chance of success when we’re there.” He sighed, staring down into John’s open face in the moonlight. “I do not fully believe you yet, John, and I know that is...more about me than it is about you. I am unaccustomed to trusting my feelings or those of anyone else. It has been a very, very long time since I tried to do this with anyone, and I have never been successful at it.”
“Waiting for you.” John saw Sherlock swallow. “Text from Lestrade.”
Instead he went to the cemetery and put his hand to the gravestone of a living man, and whispered:
His lips.
The ride back is quiet and uneventful.
John and Sherlock are lying on their backs on Sherlock's bed.
John just gives her a sort of half-shrug. Apparently.
He drags Mike and Greg along every week too for good measure.
“MOLLY.” Greg leaped up, shooting Molly--who was now laying back on the bed, her whole body shaking, her hands clasped over her mouth to muffle her laughter--an aggrieved look before kneeling down on the floor and poking around under the bed. After a minute or so, he pulled something out into the open.
Out in the sitting room, something thumped to the floor, and the unmistakable sound of a moan made its way through the door.
“I love you.”
“That’s one of the stupidest things I’ve ever heard.”
They sat in silence for awhile, both listening and trying not to listen to the muffled shouts from the other side of the door. Well, Sherlock appeared to be doing most of the shouting, though John did seem to be holding his own.
John froze, mug halfway to his lips. He’d been waiting for this conversation since he showed up on Sherlock’s doorstep (not their doorstep, not anymore) last night with a hastily packed duffel and hope in his heart. Sherlock had welcomed him in quickly enough, but had retired rather early to his room, leaving John alone and a little sad in the sitting room. John had gone up to bed shortly after, both gratified to find that his bedroom was exactly as he had left it and worried that this return to 221B wasn’t going to be anything like what he had imagined it could be.
“This was the last thing on our Northern Ireland list,” Sherlock said. “What would you like to do now?”
“Yes!” He said with a little pump of his fist, showing her the fire ladder.
? Was there even a point to saying it? It had never been a more inadequate word than at this moment. How do you apologize for causing the destruction of two people?
Sherlock was quiet for a long moment, and then: “I think so. I want to.”
To understand this ficlet, you should read this article on the
was a picture of a Magic 8-Ball with
He leaned down over Sherlock and took his mouth in a long, wet kiss, and then, bracing himself on his forearms, pulled almost all the way out before thrusting in again. When he was fully seated for the second time, Sherlock reached up and wound his arms around his neck, bringing their mouths back together and tangling their tongues sloppily. When John thrust again, Sherlock stroked his tongue along John’s at the same speed, and John growled low in his throat.
John swiped at his own stomach quickly and patted himself down with a towel before wetting the flannel again for Sherlock. He had to stop in the doorway for a moment, though, and just breathe. Sherlock had turned over onto his back, eyes closed, one arm bent under his head and the other flung out to the side. The lamplight cast him in low shadow, and he was so beautiful that it made John’s chest ache. He moved back to the bed and cleaned Sherlock gently, then tossed both flannel and towel over his shoulder to the floor before hesitating.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. He swung his feet down to the floor and pushed himself up to a sitting position, leaning forward and staring at his brother. “I usually believe that, but you never agree with me.”
John couldn't even fake surprise when he stumbled numbly out of the front door of 221B and saw the black car idling at the curb. When the door opened, he got in, closing the door quietly as he slid into the seat. There was white noise in his head, and it wouldn't clear. Maybe he was asleep and about to wake? Surely this wasn’t his reality now, this world without Sherlock? He watched his hands clenching and unclenching in his lap and wondered, idly, if Mycroft was planning to kill him.
Since Sherlock’s surprise appearance on Christmas Eve, John had gotten to spend ample time with every version of Sherlock he knew, and some that were new to him. For instance, he'd become newly acquainted with dog-loving Sherlock, who he'd only previously known from stories. Sherlock had been horrified at the idea that Einstein would be staying behind in Ireland, and it only took a five minute conversation with Maeve and Bertie and a few texts to Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson for Einstein to have the promise of a home at Baker Street when John and Sherlock returned to London in February. He'd also gotten to see bee-obsessed Sherlock in the flesh when Sherlock had eagerly volunteered to help Bertie with the winter work on the hives in the days just after Christmas.
His fingertips are engulfed in pure, oozing nothingness.
'Yeah....erm.....yeah', was all John could get himself to say. Still coming to terms with the sheer presence that was Sherlock Holmes.
As far as John is concerned he shouldn't even have bothered putting those on.
Sometimes he wishes he could be more like Becca and do whatever he wants.
If I even needed a more clear sign of his rejection of me I really don't need to look any further.
The phone only rings twice before John picks up.
In his dark bedroom the sound he makes is loud and cold.
This......
Finn fires another spell at him. To no avail.
“Fine.”
Thankfully when John woke up early the next morning his leg wasn't giving him too much trouble and the pain in his shoulder was bearable.
'John? John Watson?' Mike had said, 'It is you!'
I sigh.
With great effort Sherlock lifts his own hand and threads his long fingers through John's shorter ones.
Underneath his fingers he can now feel the steady beating of John's heart.
“I approve of you too”, John says. His voice is soft and low and his lips are so very, very close, “very....very much.”
For a moment he wondered if it had not been better to turn around and close the door. Leave his brother to whatever it was that he was doing. Sherlock could just see large maps on the desk before his brother quickly folded his hands over them.
And so he had gone.
Sherlock's blood runs cold. He finds he can no longer breathe. His tongue thick and useless stuck to the roof of his suddenly far too dry mouth.
The rest of the class progresses in a similar fashion.
Shards of  magic still dance around her and with it she creates a wider mouth with more teeth for herself.
Just for a moment the fluorescent lights around us were transformed into flickering candles.
What he's feeling is complicated.
A smile lights up his bright face as he sees Holmes enter.
“People..... are......going to......hear you”, he says. Every word punctuated by a violent thrust into the willing body underneath him.
He knocked on his door before doing so but knew better than to come in when Sherlock didn't answer.
“No.....it's fine.....it's just......”
He already has his mouth halfway open to apologize but it appears there is no need for it.
Unable to sleep.
He can't think of a single thing that following the rules has ever gotten him.
Sherlock suddenly wakes up. He was having a strange dream where he actually was Puck and he was using the flower from “A Midsummer Night's Dream” to turn everyone around him into John.
They hurt too much. For the both of us in equal amounts but for different reasons.
“Yeah, sure, why not.”
Goodbye, Sherlock.”
**************************************************************
“Okay”, John says, “alright.......did you........when we would........I mean.......”
Maybe the moment drags on forever, maybe it only lasts a couple of seconds, I don't know, I have lost all sense of time and place. There is only him and me and the seemingly endless space between us.
“I think it turned out alright”, John says.
The soft curve of his lips. The dimple in his left cheek.
So instead he closed his eyes tightly, both to the truth and to keep the tears that were suddenly blurring his vision from falling, and he kissed Sherlock again.
And then he is gone.
I, once again, try my very best not to look in the direction of where John is standing with a group of his rugby friends.
John didn't really believe in old-wives tales. He was a practical man who believed in what he saw and, so far, fairies did not feature on that list.
Never: “Ah yes, young Miss Hooper who sings so lovely”, or “young Miss Hooper who has such a lovely and soft face”, or “young Miss Hooper with her sharp wit and clever tongue.”
He finds that he really likes spending so much time with Holmes.
Sherlock's hand still on his cheek. His soft lips on his. Moving along willingly. In his heart he feels that, wherever he leads him, Sherlock will follow. It makes him feel proud but it is also incredibly humbling. It is something big and beautiful and also slightly terrifying.
He stretches and grimaces when that seems to hurt him and I wonder where else his body is bruised that I haven't been able to see yet.
It is vital that John understands.
But John did.
The night of “The Incident.”
And so he peers carefully around every corner before he rounds it and makes sure to place his feet slowly and carefully.
The wind howls with a voice that spells sorrow and regret, the lightning seeks to scorch all and within the thunder the deep moans of the dead are hidden, but right now, inside this fragile building, they live in a world of their own.
“John.....I.....” Sherlock finally stammers, but John is already in the process of stuffing his books in his bag and getting up.
He turns to Holmes instead:
It was no secret that the alpha lord of Carterhaugh would have rather had an alpha child.
At the moment that still seems rather unlikely.
And they were totally right.
“Are you even listening to me?”, Molly says.
Or maybe she has been all along. He doesn't know. He needs to think on it some more.
The soft grass beneath serving as their bed. The sky and clouds above their blankets.
Anything.
To his surprise he finds he quite likes their company.
John laughs but there's still a nervous edge to him.
Finn shakes his head.
And then he is gone.
John seems to have noticed his strange mood too.
Why his skin literally is alight.
The words had sounded so much better in his head.
“Sherlock”, he replies before he even realizes his lips are moving and his mouth is forming words.
Just the titter of small songbirds enjoying the warm day along with them.
So Finn had closed his mouth again and opted for silence. Hoping against all hope that the soldier might be able to convince Holmes.
The words were like an avalanche now. When the first grains of snow start to go down there's no stopping the rest of it. And so John pressed on:
**********************************************************************
John experiences a small sense of pride upon seeing him so languid and at ease, so blissed out.
“Where's Miss Hooper gone to?” Watson says.
He pretends to jot something down in his notebook again. It's just a squiggly line and a little star but from where Watson is sitting it must look awfully important.
Sherlock can't help but smile again and nods again.
'All the horses that belong to the queen are brown or black', Sherlock had said, smirk still firmly in place and John had folded his hands over his belly in order to keep himself from giving in to the urge to just reach for Sherlock and wrap himself around him.
But he does need to know, without a single shred of doubt, what John wants.
John swallows.
It used to be the same with sex.
Sherlock's creepy older brother just nods, steps back and gestures for John to come in.
John tried to get most of the blood out of Master Holmes hair, but he soon concluded this was a task that had to wait for the morning. When there was a little bit more light and he wasn't quite so tired.
“I think you need quite a bit more practice, John....you really are a dreadful dancer.”
Bloody Mycroft.
Once more John Watson's lips are on his. It was Watson who had taken the initiative this time but Sherlock follows where he will lead him all too eagerly.
Not all magic seems to have gone then.
He wants to pull the blankets over his head and hide for the rest of the day.
This feels right.
Bill just continues on. Seemingly making up for Sherlock's lack of participation in the conversation much as Sherlock had done all those times he had not been able to talk to John and was left with nothing but the beep of a line disconnected and an opportunity lost.
Very good.
That seems to wake him up.
“Did they agree to do your homework or something?”, he asks John.
“You really are special”, he says.
The older woman sighs as she, once again, drinks form her tea.
I hadn't even seen John there amidst the group of big and muscular rugby boys.
John just smiles again.
“It's just a lesser demon”, Holmes says, “he didn't kill the girl.”
There must be something in the tone of his voice that gets through to his brother because, after a small pause, Mycroft just nods and closes the door again.
This is.....not.....what he was expecting.
He doesn't even remember what last night's fight was about.
A tight smile forms on Sherlock's face.
Here he was, bonded and pregnant, but his bondmate was nowhere to be found.
And voices....carried towards him on the wind, given a strange echoing quality as they reverberated on the walls of the cave.
I never should have said yes to John.
He throws his brother a snarky smile and Mycroft returns it with one of his own.
He is ancient.
It can be used against you if you are not careful.
His mind now feels as blank and vacant as the fog-filled gateway before him. And so he moves forward still only because he sees no reason not to.
Holmes' chest can be seen moving up and down rapidly where he is still lying down on the bed in order to regain his breath.
“Plenty of it out here.”
There's this all encompassing fatigue that resides in his blood and bones, in his very core, and it keeps on sinking deeper and deeper, dragging him along with it, until he is so deep that light can no longer reach him and every breath is a battle he's not sure he's willing to fight.
Call it selfish.
When he turns back towards her for a second time her face bears a little bit more of a resemblance to the old Mary he used to know but it's gone before he is able to feel anything about it.
Although he could not hear it, John was pretty sure Sherlock chuckled then because he could feel the vibration of it all along the side of him that was pressed against his friend.
I've forgotten to bring any lunch again today.
His horse stood close by pawing at the ground with one of its hooves absentmindedly as it turned its head towards John and whinnied softly.
'That gateway was old....it had been closed a long time ago.....surely I would have.....' Holmes had muttered under his breath. Seemingly lost in thought.
John shifts again. I glance at him and this time he is looking at me but he quickly looks away when our eyes meet.
Is that what John thinks of him?
'You can wear it underneath your clothes. As long as you wear it.'
'Nah, need sleep', the man replied.
“Evidently.”
His eyes fly open again in wonder and shock as he sees me.
His input doesn't really seem to be required though as Miss Astley just continues on talking.
The whites of his eyes not as white as they should be.
“Hello.”
'Please', Sherlock continued and for a moment it seemed as if he wanted to reach out to John, but he reigned himself in at the last second.
She is made out of magic.
Sherlock shivered.
Like I want him to do to me.
Sherlock was brilliant.
There is so much magic.
He swallows and I follow the line of his throat as he does.
And the words sting.
“Ehm....”, John says, “your  name
He is standing.
Already his sentences are starting to get fragmented. He's pulling his defenses back up and I can see him disappear behind them.
Being with John feels right.
'Wonderful!', Mary said, just a little bit too loud as she jumped back and clapped her hands. A few people sitting at the other tables scattered along the library shushed her.
So far he's done pretty well with avoiding John since the night of the....”Incident”.....and now, out of the blue, no warning whatsoever, John is here.
“Hey”, she says, her voice surprisingly soft, “I won't tell anybody if that's what you're worried about. If you're not out yet I completely respect that.”
“Okay”, he says, “okay”, and then once more, “okay....”
“Hi! I'm John”, he had said.
“Morstan, Sir”, she replies meekly.
Mycroft still looks so worried.
It might be the remains of his last hit of cocaine making him see things that aren't there, it might be John, it might be....
He wakes up in the evening when Mycroft calls him down for dinner.
Maybe I should have been paying closer attention to them.
In every single beat of his heart and the spaces in between.
“Of course”, he says, “I'm not an idiot...”
And as always: my eternal gratitude to anyone who is reading this.
Not just because he was able to think straight in a stressful situation, but also because of something else. Something undefinable. Something Sherlock could not quite put his finger on. Watson stood out from the rest of the household members like a cool drink on a hot summers day.
Did you know I did that?
Some fluid is already gathered at the tip of his cock and the head looks swollen, red and angry. He needs to be inside Sherlock right now.
I give him a look but either he doesn't notice or he doesn't care because he leans in even closer to look at my screen right until I put my phone face down on the desk.
“So you could reach me if you needed help with your classes. Are you going to answer “why” to everything I say?”
“That place was our only lead”, Holmes interrupts him, “and instead of giving us answers it has left us with more questions. For instance: how you were able to feel the dark magic that surrounded it and I wasn't …..as far as we know there is no magic in your family.”
But they do have to be careful.
All around him candles flickered reassuringly but he still felt ill at ease.
John heaves a heavy sigh as he makes his way further down the rows and rows of seats towards the back of the plane. He has suddenly realized he's left that handy, little guidebook at home. On the coffee-table.
John laughs again but this time it sounds almost sad.
Just so he doesn't think I've been waiting and waiting and worrying over him for days and days now.
His expression strange.
“No”, John had said, “No....I mean.....I'm sorry....It's just.....I've never done this before. I have a girlfriend......I've never......I'm straight.”
Coming downstairs was a bad idea.
John coughed and got up. Finn was too close. Holmes was too close. He needed space. He needed to think. Of course it wasn't a magpie. It could be any bird. Finn was absolutely right. Just because he was having strange dreams and visions didn't mean it was all connected.
“Listen...Watson”, Holmes says. His voice no more than a whisper, “whatever rumours you  might have heard about me and my.....spending habits.....that is all they are......just rumours. The Holmes family is not in debt. My brother kept a close eye on our finances and so do I.”
John finds him utterly adorable.
As always: thank you for reading. You are amazing.
How can he still not see that.
“It's quite a mess in there, isn't it?”
“Ehm......”, Sherlock says, “I don't know.....I never really came out to them.”
“Excuse me?”
Even on horseback it took him a good 30 minutes of swerving through trees and occasionally dismounting to lead his horse through a gully in the forest floor to reach the meadow.
If it was up to him he'd travel to a suitable gateway right now and see what he can find. But, although he hates to admit it, Molly has raised some legitimate concerns about that particular strategy.
He doesn't know if John will offer it again.
I hadn't been up.
She cast her face down again and passed the dough from her right hand to her left, 'What about?'. She tried to keep her tone of voice light, but John could hear the tension underneath.
Finn doesn't really blame him.
Suddenly his eyes snapped open again.
“I don't know”, John says but then continues to give a reason anyway, “my dad's a GP. I'm supposed to become a doctor as well.....take over the family practice and I just.....I guess I panicked. I just didn't like the feeling of having my entire life already planned out for me with not a chance of adventure, something exciting......unexpected..... so I just.....I stopped going..”
I take his hand in mine and pull him up the stairs.
It tastes of nothing.
He was glad he was feeling better, but he also missed the tender touches and whispered words he had conjured up during the night. It would be another week and a half at least before Sherlock would come back home.
“Good evening”, John says.
And again.
Thinking back now....he can't help but wonder if it all was a dream after all.
Holmes is still not looking at him. John still has no answers.
'He scares me. You'll know why if you ever have the misfortune of meeting him.' her face had turned serious again. Her smile all but disappeared in the twilight sky around them as the shadows of oncoming winter were cast on her face .
Sherlock senses some form of explanation is probably needed:
“I don't think I'll ever be ready”, John says and he gives him a small smile that doesn't reach his eyes.
Mary squeezes his elbow again.
He didn't know.
Sherlock is just getting the last of his books out of his locker into his bag when he suddenly hears a voice behind him.
Something bigger and more powerful than it had any chance of being on its own.
But, if he does, he's not showing it.
“The Princess Bride?”, he asks as he takes one out, his eyebrows are raised questioningly but a playful and relaxed smile is on his lips.
A sort of belonging.
Sherlock just shrugs.
On that note: in chapters to come: intrigue, magic, mystery, romance and later on smut. But all done in good taste, of course.
John picks up the picture of my father that stands in it's frame on my bedside table.
# As far a Tam Lin's true identity goes: in some versions it gets revealed, in others it doesn't. I just went my own merry way here.
Sherlock has a plan.
Kitty has such trust in him.
“What good fortune”, he thinks to himself, “I felt like killing something today.”
From the corner of his eye he can see a very sour expression form on Miss. Astley's face.
But Mike had been the same old Mike he'd known all those years before. Be it a bit bigger.
The look on her face drenched with fear and sadness and John looks for the mask and the lie that it is but for now he can't seem to pinpoint the deceit.
“My father had cancer. And then he died.”
“I don't care what other people think”, John's reply, “That's their problem. I just don't want to hide this.....us.....from the world anymore. I don't know about you but...for me....it's becoming too big of a thing for that.”
She hammers away at the keys again and my brain feels as if it's trying to escape through my ears.
'See you next Thursday, yeah?' the beginning of a smile was visible around the corners of his lips, but it did not quite reach his eyes.
'I have told you that too though', he ventured. Keeping his tone of voice light and soft. In that moment Holmes reminded him of a nervous horse. Easily spooked. Tension in his body. A creature to handle with care.
**********************************
John breathes with him.
He had not expected John to call.
They can't hurt him.
But in the end memories are just that.
Hundreds.
But he has been asleep for a very long time.
One rose stood out in particular. It had a vibrant red color that almost seemed to be alive and instead of just having one flower adorn the top of its stem this one had two.
Because every book also has an ending and for the next one to begin the former one, inevitably, has to end at some point. Sherlock finds he's not ready for the ending just yet.
And then the doorknob turns, the door opens and John is here.
But things are still so new between them and this soft version of Holmes is making him slightly nervous.
John doesn't reply. He just waits for Holmes to continue. His own tea is going cold in his cup but he doesn't care. He doesn't want to miss a single word....a single moment of this. He feels as if the story is finally progressing again. He can almost hear the pages turn.
But not yet.
Back then he had been able to trick himself into thinking that maybe....under the right conditions......he just might be........
# On the subject of women: in chapter 1, when John meets Sherlock for the first time he is holding the double rose in his hands (also a reference to the original text:
John is eighteen by now. He has grown. He's taller. His face wider. More manly. He has a slight stubble and a square jaw.
He's looking at me as well.
He starts running a bit faster as he follows after him. Making his way through the crowd none too gently.
He can feel John's lips form a smile against his own.
Not at first anyway.
“You keep saying that.”
He must have had.......why else would he.......
The world spins around me and I drop my head on the table and close my eyes.
He decides to just try and move the conversation forward. Maybe John will leave him alone once he's said what he wants to say.
“Parting is such sweet sorrow”, he says.
And yet, here John is.
The room is big, the room is long, there is nothing in the room.
'You can talk to anything if you set your mind to it.'
'If you hurt my child.....'
I was wondering if there are people in need of a recap of what has happened so far? (Lord knows I've had to re-read chapters multiple times in order to get this show going again).
At least a couple of those reasons are sitting at the table with John at this very moment.
That woman must either be the least observant person on the face of the earth or she knows and simply does not care because John is just not good at pretending or lying.
****************
He decides leaving mulling this over for a later time as well.
Eventually his father gave an exasperated sigh and stormed out.
The life that matters.
There's something about him that's different.
John couldn't help but smile just a bit.
His eyes shift across the pages in a pattern far too random for him to actually be reading.
They both smiled now and once again John felt warmer than he should be.
This is how the spider had found him.
It turns out to be very fine.
It seems they are finding their way back to each other again.
He definitely doesn't want to hear this.
A small drop of sweat now made its way down his cheek and he swatted at it as if it was some irksome insect that had landed on him.
“Just out of curiosity”, he says, “where are you going to stay in Italy.”
In the end it was Mycroft who found him.
John laughs again and Sherlock wishes he could make him stop doing that.
John swallows around a sudden lump in his throat, nods, and meekly complies.
Greg has definitely been talking to Mycroft.
Life had been simpler then.
He almost died himself. He is well aware of that fact. If Finn hadn't found him....
And I have no idea what I just witnessed.
He had recognized the careful and yet familiar footfall down the hallway outside long before the tentative rapping on the door came.
Thank God he called him “Watson”. If he had called him “John” he would have probably gotten up again and left.
He's already halfway through the process of turning himself around when John suddenly says:
With his right hand he circles John's member while his mouth keeps up its assault on John's lips.
He's not quite sure what's going on with him tonight.
He only succeeds partially because, even in the dark, Mycroft's voice is still able to reach him.
He pushes me again, his lips a tight angry line as his thick brow knits itself together in an incomprehensible curve.
Although.
All he has to do now is perform the right spell, open the gateway and pass through. And then..............and then..........Sherlock shakes his head once more but the thoughts are already gone.
Sherlock waves the hand not currently trapped between his own and John's body around vaguely and says:
John could have sworn he saw something on the other side of the window.
This was undoubtedly very “not good”.
'There you go, sir', he groaned, 'my name is John Watson. I'm the new stableman. I was hired in your lordships absence....sir',  he added.
“I'll bet”, he says, “any love interests for the Danish prince?”
So instead he just deepens the kiss. The taste of it slightly salty from his tears.
John hasn't even touched him once since he got here.
Sherlock just stops in his tracks. And so he just stands there in the middle of John's room, his lower body awkwardly turned towards the door while his upper body is still somewhat facing John, his feet lost between items of clothing, books and empty candy wrappers.
If he could just fall asleep he'll feel better in the morning. He's sure of it.
John was prepared and swallowed all Sherlock gave him, working him through his orgasm as his cock twitched in his mouth. As Sherlock started nearing the end of his orgasm he loosened his grip on Johns face and heaved a big sigh as his spent cock slipped out of Johns mouth.
Sherlock's voice is low and small and it reminds John of that afternoon when they had gone out for coffee and Sherlock had told him about his ex.
Molly groans again.
Nowadays he hardly ever talks to Finn about Mycroft. They don't see eye to eye where his brother is concerned.
Not left by me but my hand grasping his wrist had momentarily brought their dormant pain back to the surface.
After finishing his soup, wincing and coughing at nearly every swallow, his mother had left him alone again so he could try and get some sleep.
The spider is her form of choice when she wants to be really intimidating.......or eat in a hurry.....or sometimes both.
“What are you doing here?”, John asks, smile still on his lips, as if he is actually happy to see me.
*****************************************
Holmes is right.
Why would John be nervous?
Outside John has stopped his arduous work for a moment. He closes his eyes as he turns his face up towards the sky and the sun.
“Listen...Sherlock”, he says, “human lives are short.....and happy moments are few and far between. They will be gone before you even knew you had them.......so......don't waste an opportunity to have it.....alright.......rare things like this should be treasured.”
“What kind of place is it? Is it far from here?”
'I've had a good, long talk with the headmaster about you, Mr. Holmes', his mother continued. Looking pretty smug. 'From now on it's over with your shenanigans. You will not hurt my son anymore.'
There is warmth in their kiss, and hope, and also magic. John can feel it coursing from Holmes' form into his own. Every point of contact like a lightning bolt. It's intoxicating. Electrifying. Amazing. Enigmatic. All consuming.
John just keeps smiling at him and shakes his head. Again John seems to understand the words he is unable to say.
Because end it will. She just hasn't been able to see in which direction the balance will sway.
So I actually pay attention in class again. I do well in class again and, of course, I get teased because of that too.
Finn says that his tribe will be different. That nobody there will care. But they can hardly go there. Going to the Elves will mean leaving Sherlock behind.
Maybe he should have stayed with Watson, he thinks.
The clothes looked good on Sherlock. A pair of tight fitting trousers, a white shirt with waist-coat, riding boots and a nice and warm blue jacket and scarf.
But I have chosen my outfit with care.
Once again there was a smile on Mary's face as she put the dough, now neatly rolled into a ball, to the side, but this time the smile was softer. More honest, 'Maybe, in time', she said.
'There can be no us, John.... I'm sorry. Not while I am hers.'
Cold, heavy and ominous like the night that surrounds them.
'…...being pregnant at your age, with your alpha not even around. People will talk. My good name will be tarnished beyond repair. No other alpha will have you like this.'
“I don't know. She suddenly moved away to the north of the country years ago. It's apparently this big family secret. For all I know she might have joined a cult.”
John feels small and insignificant under his gaze.
“Hey.....what...?” all he manages to get out as they start shoving him across the floor of the pub.....across the dance-floor.....in the direction of.....
'I'm just looking out for you, Sherlock. Someone has to.'
He felt as if he had just woken up from a dream. Actually seeing the world around him for the first time in days.
Had he been a wise man he might have decided to let the matter be. To just go along with it and humor his already overworked brother.
John is not quite sure how to respond. Once again it's as if what Holmes says and what he actually means are two different things.
'I......thought.....I …....was.....a.....ghost.' Sherlock had managed to produce the words in between the sobs.
“I did warn you”, Mary says but her eyes are no longer focused on John. She is staring off into the distance behind him. Seemingly just talking to herself.
John's smile and how it's impossible to say no when it's directed towards you.
John is handsome and popular and social and happy......but Sherlock........
Not at all.
In the room sherlock and the soldier are talking but she can't quite make out what they are saying.
John's gentle fingers find their way underneath Sherlock's shirt and come to rest on the bare skin of his waist.
The medallion felt warmer and warmer against his skin by the second.
There is this urgency between them.
Even more lights gather within the blue of Holmes' eyes but this time there is no gold in them. Just the familiar blue John has seen there several times before.
Recognizing an opportunity when he saw one Sherlock had taken this as his cue to fully enter the room and he had closed the door behind him.
John wrapped his arms around him even tighter as he closed his eyes and buried his nose in the alpha's neck. Taking deep breaths, the scent of his bond-mate comforting and calming him.
This time it's John's turn to cringe.
He gets in the car.
“Why would I do that?”
“I know”, John replies, “I.....actually had a secret relationship with another man when I was in the army....I know what people can be like.”
For one thing: observing John is like studying the sun. If you get too close you'll get blinded by it.
But of course, the elf has a point.
Once again Sherlock had replied: “I don't care.”
“He is the master of this house”, John answers, “he can do as he pleases.”
John's skin is tanned. Every inch of it that he is able to see is an even bronze color.
He really hopes Greg doesn't decide to search his apartment.
John nods again.
For some reason the sun annoys him today.
She probably won't even see it.
The hurt that she feels is no longer veiled or something merely hinted at. It is right there for all to see. Laid bare on her soft and round face that he has always been able to read like an open book.
Of course he does.
They had broken up again, hadn't they?
If its structure is rigid and the ending set and we are all fools for trying and hoping for something different this time.
Mary had given him some very peculiar sideways glances, but she had known better than to comment on it.
Sherlock shut his eyes tightly and pushed back against it once more.
It's gone before Sherlock is even sure he's seen it. Maybe his mind is just playing tricks on him. He's only woken up from a powerful enchantment after all. The darkness of the past throwing shadows on the present. Nothing more.
Molly nods vehemently. Still with that big smile on her face and then she actually
Why did Sherlock always have to be right.
The shirt is a little bit on the tight side and when Sherlock had come out of the dressing room and John had first caught sight of him in it he had only barely been able to suppress the urge to pull Sherlock against him again and kiss him all over.
John had held the jar up between them proudly.
“No....it's unusual......like you.....I like it.....and I like your accent too!”
“I thought I'd sort of ease them into it”, John says. His face turned towards the ceiling. From the corner of his eye he sees Sherlock is doing the same. It is somewhat of a relief. He doesn't think he can bear Sherlock's sad eyes on him as he tells him of the afternoon he has had.
“I heard they're going to kick you off of the rugby team if you fail next Monday's test”, Sebastian says, the smile on his face reminiscent of a shark, “I'd hate to see you go.”
“I wish I could make it better, I do......but.....”
And with my presence where it doesn't belong I'm inadvertently trying to mix these two sides of him together while, maybe, they are irrevocably unable to combine.
To find him.
But he had to reach the door before she did. Close and lock it. Make sure she did not see.....
I suppose my mother is nice.
************************************
There is just.....nothing.
John just nodded, avoiding the man's eyes as pins and needles traveled up and down his injured leg.
John is absolutely lost for words now. As he looks around him he finds that there are more than a couple of eyes watching the both of them. None of them look at him as if he is less....as if he doesn't belong.....there are quite a few ladies who give him shy smiles. A young, short girl with brown hair and a yellow dress even starts blushing and quickly averts her eyes as he looks her way.
'I would indeed be surprised.'
Like a predator stalking a prey.
This strange sense of hazy euphoria comes over me but before I know what to do with it he has his hand around me. His fingers are covered in us. His own emissions and my pre-cum making the slide of his fingers so smooth and wonderful that it only takes him about three pulls before I come as well, adding to the mess that's already between our bodies.
Somehow John seems to know where his bedroom is. Sherlock doesn't question it.
At first the soldier does not answer.
“Thanks”, I say.
“Are you alright?” he tries as Holmes gets back to his feet.
'Now where did you run off to so quickly?' the man asked as he leaned in just a little bit closer, 'I saw you looking at me from your hiding spot with that servant girl. Were you getting lonely out here in the stables all by yourself?'
His father was positively livid when he stepped back inside.
But he isn't dead.
“Of course you do.”
Am I happy with it?
John is social and well liked.
Sherlock feels his eyelids drooping.
They are both asleep.
He even leans further towards Sherlock and it's almost as if he's about to say something....
He feels like such an idiot sometimes.
“Is that a yes?” John asks.
They  do not need much space. Let the world be vast and menacing outside. Let them savor the smallest of moments right now.
Slowly he turns around.
'The fairy-queen is powerful.'
“Honestly...you theater kids”, he says but there's no malice in his tone of voice, “tomorrow's the biggest game of the season. If we win that one we're going on to compete in the National championship next season. With John being the rugby captain, the coach just wants to run by him what the best strategy for tomorrow will be.....John's good at strategizing.....surely he's told you about this?”
That great cesspool into which all kinds of criminals, agents and drifters are irresistibly drained.
“I'm fine.” he says. Mycroft is probably not buying it.
The slight curve of his nose.....his slightly parted lips.....as he is completely at ease.....tranquil.....ethereal.
It happened about a year ago.
Even slumped over in a chair there had been an air of grace and control over him. Sure, there had been a hint of mystery and questions left unanswered, but John was pretty sure that none of Master Holmes' secrets were as mundane as drinking and gambling. There was more there than met the eye.
Watson seems to be panicking slightly.
Holy shit.
I should really try and get some sleep.
Their legs are touching.
He wants to ask but Holmes beats him to it.
**************************************************************************************************
Of course that hadn't been the case. Of course not. How could he not have predicted the lengths his father would go to to secure a good political position. A bastard heir was pretty much the worst thing John could have done to him.
Upon seeing him Finn's smile fell. For a moment John thought that was the only response he would get out of the strange man, but then he spoke:
“You should have told me...”, I start to say but he interrupts me before I can get anything else out.
He looks at John, the sunlight makes his hair look even lighter than it actually is.
He could not bring himself to finish that thought.
“Will you be alright?” the elf says.
An oppressive silence hangs between the two brothers.
God, even the smell of the alpha was wet and cold and it reminded him of rancid swamp-water.
Mycroft doesn't look at him but flips another page in the journal he's been reading.
I can relate.
'And this is really necessary?'
This has not been the case.
“You know you like it”, he replied. Maybe that had come out a little bit more flirty than he had intended it to be. Usually when he found himself in this state he would have Mary on the other end. He just had his wires crossed. No big deal.
Sherlock moves his hand from Watson's back and places it gently on his face. Watson moves towards the gesture like a flower moves towards the sun.
He doesn't know.
“Of course.”
He's feeling too many emotions already. He's not prepared for Mycroft to start adding a whole slew of new ones.
…..in his bedroom.
'I can't just keep my horse in your stables, sir. And besides, I can't afford to keep a horse'
My mother actually chuckles and I manage to croak out:
As his stepmother spouted accusations Sherlock felt a familiar heat starting to rise inside of him. As always it began with a slight tingling in his fingertips. He clenched and unclenched the hand currently not holding his glass in an attempt to will it away; barely registering the words directed at him. He'd heard this speech before. He'd heard it every single time he came back from a long trip. Although the phrasing tended to differ from time to time, the general message was always the same: Sherlock was an embarrassment to his family, to his father, a pariah in the noble community. If he continued soiling the family name like this they'd all end up being ostracized and where would that leave his stepmother and her poor daughters. He couldn't really find it in himself to care. He had a heavier burden to carry than upholding his image as a proper nobleman.
“It will be alright, 'Locky”, Mycroft had said.
John just giggled. Trust Sherlock to figure it out. He was glad to hear that the sadness and uncertainty that had hung around Sherlock that afternoon had disappeared. Once again Sherlock seemed relaxed, at ease, open....like he had been as they had sat opposite each other at the small table. Their knees brushing together on occasion as neither of them minded.
“Well, there's a first.”
John's gaze has traveled from his face somewhat further south. His eyes flick from Sherlock's persistent erection back to his face again and he swallows.
John left.
John follows a few paces behind. Keeping a close eye on their surroundings.
Holmes leans in close to ask him this question. Just for a moment John can smell his cologne and one of his dark curls brushes against the skin of his cheek.
But first, there's today to get through.
Now, more than any time before, does he dread what that price may be.
So I tell myself I will ask him another time.
Love.
Maybe they've both been fooling themselves. Maybe they both aren't the people they so desperately long to be.
All this waiting around is what inevitably gets you drowned.
He's wearing his rugby uniform. Unlike football uniforms rugby uniforms have tight shirts and very short shorts. Sherlock feels lightheaded and is having trouble breathing as John comes closer and closer to where he's standing. He grips the fence in front of him tightly and feels ridiculous as he stands there in his jeans and plain black t-shirt.
John is smiling again now. One side of his mouth curled upwards and I desperately want to kiss him. Find out if he tastes like warm honeyed tea.....
And so he crosses his arms in front of his chest defensively, puts on his best glower and waits for an explanation.
to know.
“Sherlock?”
Memorizing them gave him something to do while other kids his age played outside or went on dates.
He dips the sponge back into the water, rinses it out and then brings it back up so he can clean his lower abdomen as well.
A shame. She would have loved to have heard his voice one last time.
This evening he will go and find him in the stables. As he has done on countless occasions before. Watson will look magnificent in the orange, red and golden light of the setting sun and Sherlock already knows he will have to use all his willpower to not immediately wrap Watson up in a tight embrace.
Images flit in front of his mind's eye.
“So”, he says, “Sherlock.....”, his tone of voice is different from what it has been through their conversation up until now. There's a slightly uncertain tone to it. The pitch just a little bit too high and a tremor on the pronunciation of Sherlock's name.
But it doesn't mean he's not still mad at Holmes.
He bites his lip.
He was there before time existed and he is certain he will outlive it.
He could understand why Mary had thought he hadn't been here. It was almost as if he was trying not to be seen. Having placed himself as far away from the humdrum of the party as he possibly could, not interacting with any of the guests, hardly moving at all. Even now that John knew where he was he had a hard time focusing on him. Every time he looked directly at him it was as if his eyes just slid right off again. It was odd. Maybe it had something to do with the lighting in that particular part of the room....but the longer John looked at him, the easier he felt it was to keep his features into focus and the more he came to realize that Sherlock Holmes looked absolutely gorgeous tonight.
She had taken a wet cloth and had rubbed at the spot. But the spot had stayed the same. She had used rubbing alcohol but still...the spot persisted.
Something he went through in his own room, alone, behind a locked door with the windows tightly shut and the curtains drawn.
At least John assumes it's a “he”. All he can see at the moment of his travel companion for the next two and a half hours is a bit of dark, curly hair.
I barely feel anything at all when I do so.
He can't believe they still think he's buying into that.
That he is still a child and his father is still alive and misery and heartache are still words he has no meaning for.
She still keeps her eyes shut tightly.
When they reach the hospital John is not allowed to come in with them.
'There's the bricks',  John continued.
'You're back surprisingly early', Finn said without looking up as Sherlock dismounted and sat down as close to the fire as he dared, leaving his horse to wander freely, it would return of its own accord when he needed it again.
****************
*************************************
Once again he leaves the bed, puts on a robe and moves towards his desk.
He smiles back but it's not nearly as vibrant as before, when he poured lightning into my eyes and ears and there was electricity in his every touch.
It's cozy.
And so he found himself at a party of some kid he didn't know standing in the corner watching John and Mary make out.....and make out some more......and some more.....
“I'm just saying, Sherlock.”
A broken soldier who had been living as an actual drifter before he was able to get this current job at Holmes Manor.
Sherlock feels his breath catch.
Gently Sherlock traces the gnarled tissue with his fingers. A shiver runs through John's body as he does so.
John eyes Sebastian warily. The shark-like grin on his teammate's face tells him he should probably trust Sebastian as far as he can throw him, but......he is also curious.....and he really needs to pass his test.
But today it seems that the ghosts of the past have come back to haunt him once more.
But, no.....it would not be him.
“I knew he wasn't coming over here because he wanted to talk to me.”
It was all wrong and none of it made sense.
There were also less friendly plants growing along the edge of the field. Toxic flowers. Ingested in large enough amounts they would kill you. And then there was 'Maiden's tear'. Every omega knew the small blue flower with its thorny leaves. Taken in just the right way it could abort an unwanted pregnancy. Take too much......and it would not only take the baby's life, but your own as well.
Sherlock lets out another shaky breath.
For a while I held the theory that perhaps it was because of my non-belief in any God. Perhaps that, by being an atheist, I had lost my right to a place in either heaven or hell and was destined to walk the earth aimlessly for all eternity.
'It was my birthday yesterday. I'm eighteen now.'
In that moment he had just nodded.
# There are a LOT of different versions of the Tam Lin ballad and so there are also a lot of different versions of the transformation scene at the end. In one version Tam Lin's “final form” is a burning coal which Janet drops in a well and this ends up saving him.
I need to talk to John today.
He wishes he could make Mycroft see....make him understand....but there is no time. Not enough time....the clock in the other room ticks on inexorably.
I want to....
“He seems to be a good guy”, Greg eventually says. Somehow Sherlock feels hurt. As if he is not......he knows he's not. He's an addict, no job, no eduction to speak of. Just his own dark thoughts and habits slowly and surely draining the purity and light out of John one secret nightly meeting at a time.
The day slowly draws to a close and the afternoon light makes Watson's blond hair look like spun gold.
A chuckle from the other end of the line. It warms Sherlock's heart. It feels nice. It feels amazing. His chest has been cold for so long.
The ace of hearts, the jack of hearts.......and so on and so on....... all with their own meaning only clear to those who know how to read them.
Feel John's hand in his hair. His lips oh so close to his.....
After all, if you knew where to look, there was something definitely otherworldly and magical about Holmes. Perhaps his subconscious had known all along and that was why his conscious thoughts had such an easy time catching up.
Molly and I agree on meeting each other at the corner of the street where Patrick apparently lives.
I never aged.
John playing rugby had been a sight to behold but he now finds that John who has just played rugby is an even better sight.
It was a moderately cold first day of February when John found Mary alone in the kitchen.
Sherlock turns fifteen, then sixteen, puberty doesn't hit him the way it has John.
He doesn't look at me when he gives his answer and it's only Monday. The rugby-team hasn't had any practices yet.
'Where did you go just now?' his tone of voice full of amazed wonder.
This time it's Watson who asks him: “are you sure?” but Sherlock doesn't answer him. He keeps his eyes on Molly instead.
First on a beach on a warm summer's day and after that every time he just simply asked me for more time. Time to figure himself out. To figure out whether it was safe to let down these walls he'd built around himself and each and every time I showed him it wasn't.
Finn's eyes glowed red once more and then the look of exasperation suddenly was replaced by one of disbelief and shock.
“Do you want to dance?” he asks.
Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes again.
I suppose.
Next to me John is still asleep.
“Did......did something happen?”, I try.
....but no.....probably best not to think on “The Incident” right now.
Their conversation flows from one topic to the next with ease.
He's also looking at me.
Holmes gives him a questioning look.
“John and I are going to the after-party together”, she says, “I don't think it would be appropriate for you to be there too don't you......gosh, what's your name again?”
'Mycroft Holmes? Really? Trust you to pick a false name just as posh as your own.'
Angry, volatile and obstinate.
She's pretty sure he will not give her a straight answer anyway.
“Maybe he's just really well hung.”
He doesn't have an answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John”, he says.
Sherlock just nods.
John swallowed. 'I'll do what I can.'
Only....he does understand.
He finally had the sun on his face again and the wind in his hair.
Just for a moment he is able to catch the look of concern on Greg's face before he turns it back towards the road.
He would release himself from the torture of being close to John while knowing that John will never like him like.....
“No.” It's all John has to say. This makes absolutely no sense. He is absolutely thrilled to be part of this adventure but, not for even a second, does he believe he is one of the main characters in it.
Holmes lying naked on his back, John plastered against his right side with his arm draped over him possessively as his fingers gently and carefully draw random shapes on the pale skin he has kissed not moments before.
“I can't keep doing this”, Mycroft says, “I can't spend the rest of my life worrying about you every second of every single day.”
Sherlock swallows and John's eyes drift down. Following the movement of his adam's apple.
“Can I see you again this weekend?”, he asks.
A small 'yes' was the reply.
His body is a warm pressure against my own and I let my head come to rest on his shoulder. He puts his arm around me and pulls me even tighter against his side.
**********************************
As long as the next part of their conversation remains unspoken he can still pretend it doesn't exist and John will not leave once he's said what he wants to say.
to prevent that from happening?
A silence follows. Bill seems to be waiting on an answer but Sherlock is still unable to form words. He is trying to process what Bill has just told him in his head.
John had Sherlock right where he wanted him; reduced to incoherent moans, his back pressed against a wall, eyes slowly closing, long lashes fluttering and his legs trembling in an effort to keep himself standing. At the mercy of Johns every whim even though John was the one on his knees. Sherlock gave himself over to John completely. Without fail. No hesitation. No questions asked.
Getting more and more impatient as the hours rolled by. It had started with glances that lingered just a bit too long, handshakes held just a bit too tight, comments just on the other side of propriety directed towards him.
He respects Finn's standpoint in this but he will never understand it.
John almost thought he could feel the faint brush of lips on the top of his head, but he was pretty sure it was just his imagination running wild.
“Gods....I wish I could have been there with you.”
And then there is also the pale figure that follows my soldier around. She will have to wait her turn.
It's the same sleek black car he had used to come pick Sherlock up at the night of “The Incident” and he has a weird sense of deja vu.
For a moment it had seemed he was going to bend down and kiss John once more but at the last moment he seemed to reign himself in.
Even walking was difficult now, but he just managed it. Carefully. Slowly. One foot in front of the other as the inside of his legs felt uncomfortably wet and warm until finally,
She probably would.
“John! Hey, John! Where are you hiding, mate!”
'It's fine John.'
“You need to go soon”, he says.
John had just smiled. The soft glow of the insects illuminating his face.
Once again John found his fingers touching upon his masters naked flesh and he was reminded of that dark and stormy night where they had first met.
An unspoken bond.
************************************************
John smiles so brightly that for a moment Sherlock thinks the rain has actually stopped but then another fat drop hits him on the bridge of his nose and the spell is broken.
The sound of his laugh....
His body the conductor.
Well....in a way he is making an effort.
He feels like a fraud.
She rolls her eyes before she explains herself further.
Sherlock had a clear way of explaining things and John soon realized he found the sound of his voice very pleasing. He felt like he could listen to it for hours. Even if the subject they were currently tackling was math.
So he makes a left and drags him into the bathroom instead, turns on the light, closes the door and locks it for good measure.
Sherlock tries to enter his mind-palace to see if he is right about what he thinks he knows but the tension coming off of the body next to him is like a physical force keeping the doors firmly barred shut.
He's dancing alone.
Sherlock gives him a radiant smile. The same smile he smiles when a complicated experiment goes just the way he predicted it would go or when he solves a very difficult mathematical equation......John feels his stomach do a strange flip.
Single words.
Maybe he has realized that he actually really can't.
And also: comments give me life and feed my muse.
They sat side by side in silence for a while, the shadows deepening in the space around them as well as inside Johns head as the reality of his current position once again sunk in, until, finally, Mary spoke again:  'I actually came to get you.'
One of the mouths mirrored in the rainy glass is smiling.
The blond maid was with him. The one with the curls.
“Are you getting cold?” he asks.
It could have just been some kind of animal. Lord knew what kind of creatures lived way out here. And just as he had almost convinced himself that what he had seen was no more than some kind of small rodent that had made itself a home in the rubble on the field he saw it again....and his blood ran cold and his eyes went wide. There was a hand. Waving at him from the mist. Gesturing him to come closer. But....that was impossible......there wasn't nearly enough mist left at this time of day to hide an entire human being there. And yet....there it was.....within the last shreds of fog a hand kept appearing and disappearing and it was gesturing to him.....to come closer.
He's not even sure anymore if Molly even is John's “secret crush”.
He feels like he's going mad.
Alone.....together.
And maybe, he thinks to himself, that's exactly how he thinks of his relationship with Holmes too. He wants it all or nothing. And so he looks Holmes in the eyes. Calm and sure. Waiting to see which way the balance will sway.
“Sherlock?” his reply. As he tried to keep his voice as quiet as possible. If he did manage to wake his mother after all he would never hear the end of it.
And that's it.
All of a sudden I can hear Andrew's words in my head and they flow past my lips and out into the world before I can put a stop to them:
That's what Mycroft had said.
“Okay”, I say and then I unlock the door again and leave.
“Just wait here”, Holmes says.
He was about to turn back to his horse and ride back home before his father would get so mad about him leaving that he would lock him in his room for the next couple of days. Which would make sneaking out just a small bit harder. When the trees suddenly made way for a meadow.
Sherlock eyes John wearily for a moment before deciding to sit down in his own chair opposite John.
After a blissfully dreamless night, just on the cusp of dawn, John finds himself slipping into another dream after all.
And he tastes like tea and sugary sweetness and something still so very undefinable that's solely him.
Most of the lights are off.
The serene look on John's face once again makes way for a grin. He seems years younger again. Sherlock feels a weight lift from his chest.
He could not explain it entirely but he was certain his place was here. Beside Holmes. Whether the man wanted him here or not. He felt protective of Holmes. He felt.....
want to even be near him again.
Once again he is reminded of flooded black pupils and he wonders if he has misinterpreted their meaning entirely.
“Mycroft, behind you!”
The smile on Sherlock's face turns downright mischievous and John feels his stomach flip upside down at the sight of it.
Thank you so much to anyone who is still reading this.
John still hasn't messaged me.
And then the coffee maker starts beeping.
the tag reads.
'What's the matter, John? Are you okay?'
The man in her prison cell holds his head in his hands. Blood drips from between his fingers.
“You are staying here today”, she tells him, “and we'll see about tomorrow.”
Sherlock relaxes.
Here Holmes reached in his pocket and pulled out an object about the size of a pocket watch wrapped in a soft cloth.
'I had unfinished business back at the manor', Holmes replied.
His jacket buttoned up high. The high collar and scarf obscuring most of his slender neck.
I've always liked chemistry.
John  made a decision.
Sherlock finds his mind is still a little bit clouded. The cool night air is certainly helping him get his thoughts back on track but he is not quite himself tonight.
He frowns at me then.
John is still flaccid.
Holmes cleared his throat and did his best to avert John's eyes.
John had been a surgeon; he knew the human heart couldn’t actually wither inside your chest. He wondered if his heart knew it. “Are you sure?” He rasped, barely audible. He felt, rather than saw, Sherlock’s immediate, infinitesimal nod.
“Quiet, Sherlock. I'm deducing.”
“No distractions.”
Molly sighed. “Good point.”
“There was a serial murder case that took up most of November,” Sherlock said, thankfully coming to his rescue. “Early in December, Mummy had a benign tumor removed from her lung, and I didn’t want to go too far away until she had recovered. That took me to about a week and a half ago, and I started to...second guess myself.”
“We died that day, Sherlock,” John pressed on, a rasp edging his words now. “We died, and it almost killed me, and I can’t do it again.” Sherlock watched helplessly as John raised his other hand and scrubbed at his cheek. “I thought I could do this, that we could do this--”
“...bite,” he managed to finish while facing not a dozen irate religious sisters, but John Watson.
John--
“There's an update on the London Pollinator Project--that thing where they put the little license plates on bees to make them easier to track, remember?” John kept his face carefully blank as Sherlock stilled completely.
“But you’re here now.”
"Delete it--or stay away. Yes."
“I’m scared.” Sherlock could hear in John’s voice just how much it had taken for him to admit that, and his eyes burned hot as he lifted a hand and placed it palm out on the windowpane.
As I've been posting each chapter, I've been reviewing the rest of the fic every time. Last night I decided that the end needs something more, so I'm adding a chapter. Posting schedule for the rest: chapter 10 tomorrow; no chapter on Friday (I'm out all day and all night for work); chapter 11 on Saturday; epilogue on Sunday.
“And if it doesn’t…” John’s voice trailed off and he swallowed, hard. “Yes. Alright. We’ll take the month.”
Mycroft hadn’t expected a response to that, and was therefore unsurprised not to receive one.
“Whatever sort it is, you built it. And then you made more plans, and were ready to make those real as well.”
. Sherlock cried out as John stroked gently over his prostate, and things began to move a lot more quickly. Soon John was slicking his cock and kneeling closer to Sherlock, who had grasped his thighs behind his knees and pulled himself further open to give John better access.
“I'll call Mycroft the day after Christmas,” John said quietly, stepping even closer to Sherlock and turning his face up. “I want to come home.”
Sherlock blinked once, twice. “John. I thought you were…”
Sherlock bent lower over the stone, and his trousers stretched even more obscenely over his arse. John’s mouth went a little dry as he remembered sinking deep into Sherlock before breakfast. It really was a miracle they ever left their hotel, he mused, as Sherlock put away the magnifier and ...
The past four days had not been Sherlock’s finest hours.
John swallowed thickly around the lump expanding in his throat and slid his hand over Sherlock’s. He watched in rapidly expanding joy as Sherlock’s stillness fractured, and a smile pulled at the edges of his impossibly beautiful mouth.
“You don't know what I'm going to say.” At Sherlock’s raised eyebrow, John nearly rolled his eyes. “If you'd deduced this, you'd have told me.”
“It doesn’t sound like they’re going to slow down anytime soon. Is this really where you want to be when Father Christmas comes?” There was a beat of silence, and then, realizing what he’d said, he started to laugh. Their combined laughter must have finally been heard by the occupants of the sitting room, because there was suddenly a series of footsteps rushing past the bedroom hallway and up the stairs. Still snickering, Greg and Molly grabbed their coats and fled into the night.
One Sherlock who was awake and staring at him with an unreadable expression on his face.
When the doorbell rang again before he'd reached the first landing, he was glad. It turned out he had more to say.
This time John’s eye roll was not disguised. “Do I even want to know?”
Sherlock was
Sherlock buried his face in his hands, groaning.
Please what, love?” John brushed Sherlock’s mouth again, and the slick of pre-come appeared on his bottom lip. Sherlock licked it away, and John groaned. This sort of thing was not their usual, but last week, when a posh hotel they’d splurged on lost their reservation and Captain Watson had made a temporary appearance at the reception desk, they'd quickly been ushered to a suite, and John had been introduced to Sherlock’s submissive side.
The flat was...clean.
“I thought it prudent to remove the means from your possession in case the temptation overcame your better angels.”
As the officers of the Met looked on, Sherlock looked down at what he'd gotten from Sally in the party gift swap, a perplexed look on his face. “Thank you, Sally, for the…” his voice trailed off. Everyone looked at him, incredulous.
Sherlock’s eyes were blazing, and his cock had smeared pre-come all over his stomach, and he gestured frantically toward the bedside table with his chin. John saw the lube and condom he'd somehow gotten out of the drawer, and swallowed hard.
He was afraid that nothing would.
John turned his head so Sherlock could read the intent on his face. “No, because I know you'll be kneeling for me later.”
He paused on the pavement and waited for the response. True to form, it came almost immediately.
“We're going to miss you, John,” Maeve said wistfully as she crossed behind his chair and over to the coffee table, where she began to unload a tray of filled appetizer plates. John jumped up to take the tray from her hands, allowing her to move the plates more swiftly, and she flashed him a grateful smile.
If only it was that easy.
, and they’d just had
“Yes, but my minder’s gone, so you could hardly expect me to actually be civil?”
So he did.
“Maybe you could text him, say there’s a case?”
There was a note in Sherlock’s voice John couldn't decipher. “Are you alright? I have something I’d like to talk to you about, and I'd rather be able to see you.”
“Indeed. Surely you must agree that there can be no downside from having neighbors who are trained in advanced weaponry and have exceptional baking skills.”
John cut him off, his tone level, firm, and colder than Sherlock had heard in a very long time. “Get. Your. Fucking. Brother. On. The. Fucking. Phone.”
,” he muttered while wringing out the sponge. “Watson, you will never fucking learn.”
“I was going to tell you, John. I didn't think they'd publish the news so quickly. And I didn't want…”
Naked.
John tried to swallow around the horror and self-loathing and despair rising up in his throat. "What does that--what does that mean?"
the stone.
John thought with a genuine grin.
“Thanks, mate,” came Greg’s offscreen voice.
John closed his mouth, and then opened it again to speak. Sherlock held up a hand.
Sexual Sherlock was more than John had ever imagined. Nowhere in Sherlock’s larger-than-John-had-thought set of experiences was a long, monogamous relationship with someone who loved him, and the freedom to experiment and play and share that came with it. Their newfound trust and openness with one another had led to all sorts of surprises, including last week’s introduction of Occasionally Submissive Sherlock, who had quickly brought Quietly Dominant John to the surface.
Their eyes snapped open at Mrs. Hudson’s voice, and John’s mouth curled in a rueful grin. “More waiting.”
Greg stared back at him, disbelief still flashing in his eyes, but his mouth softened. “Let me talk to him.”
“Not publicly, no.” He ran a hand restlessly along the back of his neck, the crease between his eyebrows growing deeper. “Mycroft became aware that he was updating it privately, and I’ve been reading it. He’s not really writing entries,” he assured her as she opened her mouth to protest, “he’s writing letters. To me. In common discourse you might call them...love letters.” His eyes slid to hers, and then away again. “I--they--make me feel unsettled.” When his hand began to rub at his neck again, she reached up and took it in both of hers.
“John.”
Sherlock was looking from Mycroft to John and back again, glee lighting up his eyes. “Perhaps I should call down to room service for some popcorn.”
He wakes in his room at Baker Street on this insignificant Tuesday and realizes gratefully that there had been no nightmares. He dresses for the guest lecturer position Mike had gotten him at Bart’s. When he finds the flat empty he eats his toast, drinks his tea, and goes to work in the morning mist. He lectures (enjoying it more than he'd ever imagined); he answers questions; he declines Molly’s lunch invitation and promises to catch up next week instead.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You can't be serious.” By way of answer, John grabbed Sherlock’s trousers from the floor and tossed them at him.
"And now," continued Mycroft relentlessly, "he will give up even more for you. He will give up the work he loves and the city he calls home so that he can take a job with me that he will hate just to get away from you. Tell me, Doctor Watson--why is it always
Of course Sherlock can't--or won't--follow directions.
John looked around for something to bang his head against. When would he ever learn?
Sherlock’s eyes went a little unfocused at that, and then he shook his head sharply and jumped to his feet. “If I ignore the posted speed limits, we can be back at the hotel in just over two hours.”
Whereas most people would have
“Okay,” he said quietly, putting his mug down on the kitchen table and looking up to face Sherlock.
But when he went to the flat the next day, Mrs. Hudson told him Sherlock had left for Brussels that morning, something for Mycroft. When he got back from Brussels, John had been working at the surgery, and by the time he was able to text Sherlock, the detective had gone to Manchester on a case. Before he knew it, nearly three weeks had passed. Lestrade had checked in more than once, seemingly as frustrated as John that the conversation hadn't happened yet. Finally, late on the first Thursday in December, he got a text of the type he'd been waiting for.
Subject: news
“Don’t thank me yet,” she said, trying to inject her voice with a smile, but fearing she’d failed miserably.
Sherlock’s brows knit together. “Why on earth would I--”
“But do you
Sherlock ducked completely under the spray as John entered the shower, so he was greeted by the breathtaking sight of water sluicing down all of that gloriously creamy skin. As soon as their eyes met, however, Sherlock stepped forward and took John’s face in his hands. “You've been crying again.”
Mike Stamford settled back into his desk chair. “‘Course, John; it sounded urgent on the phone. What do you need?”
John swallowed hard, steeling himself for the inevitable questions his request would engender. “I need to look through the current job postings. The...out of town job postings. I was thinking Scotland, maybe, or even America, if any alumni have sent queries in from overseas.”
Sherlock had nipped the tip of his finger, and as John met his gaze again, he widened his eyes in impatience.
John nudged Sherlock’s chin up with his fingers and then pressed soft, careful kisses to his forehead, temples, cheekbones, and nose, before--finally--bringing their mouths together.
“We do not have a fandom, Sherlock.”
He wrote Mrs. Hudson a note and dropped it in the mail. He couldn’t go back to Baker Street. Not without...he couldn’t go back to Baker Street.
But when John opened the bedroom door, the bed was empty...and the shower was running.
“Bullshit, John. You must have misunderstood.” Greg’s face was angry, disbelieving. “I still don’t pretend to know everything that makes Sherlock tick, but the bastard loves you like nothing I’ve ever seen before.”
Sherlock snorted. “You can't be serious, John. With all they've seen, I suspect I could suck you off at their breakfast table and the only one who would be embarrassed would be you.”
They both did their best to cover their ears and persevere, despite the growing volume of noise. “These are things I never wanted to know,” Greg said through gritted teeth.
John just gaped at Sherlock while he described a picture hanging in Maeve and Bertie’s front hallway that featured them standing by a particular kind of plane while holding a particular kind of luggage, “not to mention there's an obvious gun safe in the parlor floor under that hooked rug,” and then a thought slammed into place. “Get Mycroft on the phone.”
He wasn't terrified to be in love with Mary, because he wasn't. Not really. He loved the idea of her, and the tidy future she promised him, and the fact that being with her didn't terrify him in the least.
John gaped at him in astonishment, his heart cracking back open. “Sherlock--”
Finally Sherlock met his eyes again. “Tell Mycroft I’m fine, Lestrade. Why he cannot deduce this himself, I do not know. I have left his latest surveillance cameras untouched. I am keeping to a fairly regular schedule. He’s had the flat searched so he knows I’m not in possession of any illegal substances. If you’d like to stay, I’m planning on ordering Chinese takeaway in a little while and some company would not be unpleasant. However, you’d need to cancel your evening with your children, and surely that is more important than staying here to make sure I am not overly despondent about the departure of my flatmate.”
As he stepped into the bathroom, there was a low rumble of “Are you coming in?”, so he pulled the door closed behind him and quickly slipped out of his vest and pants. The room was full of steam, but he could still see the hazy outline of Sherlock’s naked body through the glass door of the oversized stall shower that was usually one of his least favorite parts of the house. John loved a proper bath and hadn’t had one in nearly a year.
John had been shot in the desert. He'd watched his best friend jump off a roof. He'd killed people and hurt people and been hurt and nearly killed more times than he could even comprehend. He'd been betrayed and lied to, neglected and abandoned, and watched love die and destroy. He remembered every minute of every time.
? His eyes asked. Sherlock rolled his, and John snorted.
He’d promised to say goodbye.
". . ."
It only took two before she was texting him through tears.
John pulled a folded piece of paper from his inside jacket pocket and handed it to Molly. “The contact info’s all there. I appreciate your doing it.”
John took himself in hand and lined up, just barely nudging at Sherlock’s entrance with the tip as their eyes met. He saw the same love and desire, amplified if anything, and trust. They both took one more deep breath together, and when Sherlock nodded, John pushed in slowly. As his cock slid further into Sherlock’s body, John wondered for a moment if people often passed out while doing this. By the time their hips were flush together, he had to close his eyes and just breathe for a moment. He wanted neither to faint nor to come immediately, and both seemed equally possible just then.
“Avoiding the home you shared with John?” When he looked at her, she raised an eyebrow. “It's still going to be empty when you go back.” She heard him draw in a breath of surprise. It wasn't like Molly to be this blunt with him, but it
Mycroft picked up a small pile of envelopes from the seat next to him and passed them over to John, who took them without thinking. "Pick one.” It wasn't a request. “I'll make the arrangements. Leave my brother with the only things he has left: his work, and his home."
“Dodged a bullet, you did,” Greg grinned at her, nudging her with his elbow. “I mean, it can’t be a picnic, living with that brain and that mouth all the time.” A shout of some kind came through the door, followed by a series of lower sounds. “Wait. Molly, was that--”
Will Sherlock give up his final secret to John?
The response to this story has been gratifying and overwhelming and lovely. I am afraid things are not going to get any easier for our John anytime soon, but I would point you toward the eventual rating switch and the pairing as hints to where we might end up.
to give him everything, his time had run out.
When he opens them again, Sherlock’s face is shadowed with regret.
“Does he know you want him to call?”
.” Sherlock’s voice was still steady, but his hands were crushing the biscuit box. “Greg.
Greg snorted again. “I’d be worrying about that if you’d still been in love with her, or even liked her at that point. Or if you hadn’t been in love with someone else for your entire marriage.”
“Stop fucking him around.”
John turned his attention to the fairly large, quietly murmuring crowd, which had formed seemingly out of nowhere. This was starting to happen more and more frequently with crimes committed in public. One or two people tracked the police - they even knew which car was Greg’s - and waited to see if Sherlock and John showed up. Then some sort of electronic notice would go out, and the fans would appear. Fans. At crime scenes. As long as they stayed behind the tape, there wasn’t anything the Met could legally to do get rid of them. The officers had taken to quickly erecting black tents around the more grisly scenes - if they didn’t, pictures of dead people ended up on Twitter and families started talking about lawsuits.
This must be the absolute worst pub in London.
This time their kiss is urgent and demanding and full of a longing that has been ignored for too long.
'John?'
“I didn't know where else to go”, John says. His voice just as broken as the rest of him and I shush him just as my mother had done to me earlier that evening. I stroke the back of his neck and shoulders and it frightens me how cold he feels.
He gives Sherlock a nervous smile.
******************************
I nod again and quickly take another sip from my mug. It's not exactly a lie if it's partially true, right?
I am over him, I tell myself again and again and again as I walk to my next class and maybe God just really, really hates me because, as I round a corner I literally bump into a group of rugby guys.
(See the end of the chapter for
He can hear the steady monotone beeping to indicate the line has disconnected through the telephone pressed against his ear.
And then the light goes out.
Sherlock just nodded and felt his own smile widen. How easy it was to smile when he was around John. He couldn't really remember a time in his life where he had found himself smiling so readily. He silently wished that the stars and moon would halt their inevitable journey along the sky and this night would last forever.
married, Andrew.”
But he also knows what it is like to fear for them.
Right up until this point.
Like the brook the meadow was beautiful and John's jaw dropped slightly at the sight of it.
“Where are you going? Sherlock?”
John.
After everything.......John had started to believe some sort of friendship had grown between them.......of course.....he had just led himself to believe this. Never before had the difference between their two stations in life been more obvious. Even with his stained clothes Holmes is a Lord. An authority. A force to be reckoned with.
And I've hurt him. I know I have. I am slowly breaking him. He is falling to pieces and so I untangle our fingers and wrap him up tightly in my arms in an attempt to hold all of him together.
And if John concentrates he can faintly make out an entirely new sound above the slapping of their hurried feet on the stones beneath and the laboured sounds of their breathing. A different sound. Simultaneously belonging to and not belonging to this world.
He couldn't enjoy it for long though, because Sherlock quickly turned his head away, cleared his throat and schooled his features.
'We're going to have to cancel the study session this afternoon Sherlock. I have....a thing'
But there's always that voice in the back of his mind that does know.
Molly Hooper looks out over the vast gardens that surround The Order.
Choices.
***************************************
He knows he's not a real man because his face is nothing but a black void and when he speaks his voice comes out as static.
As if he's never left.
At the moment he's in the process of removing his stage make-up. He's gotten pretty much all of it done. He just needs to get rid of his eye-liner now.
Once more the hand dove back inside the mist and when it came out again it was no longer a hand, but a wing....a wing attached to a bird made out of mist......John squinted his eyes again to try and make out what kind of bird it was. And as the bird separated itself from the low island of fog and actually took flight John could identify it quite clearly. It was a magpie. A magpie made of mist and as it passed in front of the sun its rays filtered straight through its ghost-like wings and body and John had to close his eyes to the blinding light. He only closed his eyes for a second, but when he opened them again the bird was gone. And so was the mist.
If they are found out....
Nobody has ever been before.
“John?....John?”
“Why haven't you told them yet?” he asks. He tries desperately to keep the hint of panic out of his voice.
Sherlock had hoped that John would be......maybe.....different?......from all the other jocks. The  other rugby boys. The kind of boys that laugh at boys like Sherlock. Boys like Sherlock who aren't quite built as athletic as them, boys that don't know the difference between a rugbyball and a football, boys who actually enjoy chemistry class, boys who don't know how to act at parties, how to talk to people and make a conversation last longer than 2 minutes, boys who......
But he does sense it is probably in his best interest to tread lightly.
'Oh, hello John', she said and gave him an apologetic smile as she continued: 'I'm pretty busy today, sorry.'
“You know them?” he asks John.
“Yeah, sure....of course...”, he finds himself saying.
Once the door opens he hurls himself inside and closes it as fast as he can.
No matter which way she turned the glass the spot would remain on the same side.
When they return to Sherlock's dorm they decide to order in some pizza and watch a movie.
“Will the soldier die?” she asks the face in the water.
John just shrugs. Not a very glowing review for someone's first time.
John watches Holmes as he enters the estate.
His mind is foggy, his skin both too hot and too cold at the same time and he finds he still cannot breathe properly.
Comments feed the muse.
They will cloak the both of them in a disappearance spell and make their way back to Sherlock's own chambers together so they can spend the rest of the night there.
“A neutral--”
Sherlock sent Molly five entries to read.
“Jesus Christ, Greg, Mary’s only been dead three months.”
The breaking point, when it came, was swift and explosive. One moment Sherlock held John’s favorite sweater in one hand and the 8-Ball in the other; the next, they were both staring at an 8-Ball sized hole in one of the sitting room windows and angry shouting was coming from the street below.
“Can you tell us what we’re missing, then?” Greg asked, more weariness than annoyance in his tone.
Sherlock nodded, and John stroked under the hem of his vest for a moment before letting go. “Let’s indulge my mundane habits, shall we?”
“Greg, I’m wearing heels!”
As if he sensed John’s thoughts--oh, hell, of course he did--Sherlock took a deliberate step away.
It was two hours before John, his head and heart on emotional overload, closed Sherlock’s notebook and set it aside. He wiped away a few last tears--he’d cried more this year than he had during the entire rest of his life--and put his head in his hands.
Greg Lestrade hadn’t been to Baker Street on anything but business for months, maybe longer. When John had been there, he’d occasionally strong armed Sherlock into hosting some sort of holiday party, and every once in a great while, a dinner of some sort. After John moved to Ireland, Greg had stopped by once to see if Sherlock needed anything, but the detective hadn’t been home. He’d seemed well enough at the next crime scene, so Greg had decided to leave it alone. Sherlock wasn't the type who had ever needed or wanted a confidante.
He can't be angry because I'm actually having a good time, right?
It's mesmerizing.
And where could he go?
“Holmes and the soldier will come to the Order eventually”, she says, “I have seen it.”
Holmes just gives him another dazzling smile. His hair is windswept and one errant curl hangs obstinately down across his forehead.
And still....there is a part of him that had thought.....had hoped.....that there was a chance of
And the smile he gives me is even more radiant.
He had let out another sigh.
He tried calling out, but the sinking feeling in his heart already told him it would be to no avail.
