Bobby snorted and Dean rolled his eyes again, licked his thumb to rub at a smudge on the driver’s window. “Listen, boy,” Bobby said. “I don’t know what’s bothering you, but let me tell you something.”
When the sky was dark, he returned from his drive to a quiet bunker. Zara and her attendants were nowhere to be seen, and as he came down the stairs, Cas walked into the war room.
On the bed, Dean opened him up, kissing him through it, and Castiel clung to him, Dean’s wet hair cold against his hands. He tried to forget that this was Dean’s last drive.
“Fuck you!” Dean called, still trying to catch his breath, hands on his knees. He felt someone touch his shoulder and looked up to see familiar blue eyes.
His superiors had told him to take a vessel, walk on Earth. He had obeyed without a second thought. He hadn’t realized what it’d feel like—Jimmy’s soul growing lonely and anguished, his anger fermenting the longer he spent wrapped in Castiel’s grace, desperation in his eyes, crack in his voice, begging Castiel to take him and not his daughter. Haunting.
Settling down on a wide tree stump, he carved Enochian sigils into the wood grain. No real purpose to them since angels and demons went to their own separate resting place when they died, not Purgatory. The monsters threatening them here could not be deterred by sigils and warding.
Moving into the bunker, he'd claimed a room, made a space for every item he owned: a hook for every weapon, a box for every photo, a hanger for every jacket. The concrete walls and sterile bathrooms meant order, control.
Stab, slash. Every action anticipated by the creature, jaw cracking into a smile, tongue flicking at the air.
Dean groaned. “Seriously, dude, you’re hopeless. What’s in the box! Brad Pitt?” Cas shrugged and Dean sighed. “Forget it.”
Benny raised his hands. “Now, now, don’t get your panties into a twist. Dean was just helping me out a little.”
“No.” Castiel shook his head. “That’s not right, I’ve been cast from Heaven. I have no place there.”
They tried to clean up as the pretzels cooked, though Jack was covered in so much flour, food dye, and dough that he left a trail wherever he moved. And he would not stop moving. As Dean tried to wipe down the table, Jack ran loops around the island, and when Cas tried sweeping, Jack decided to start spinning around in the middle of the kitchen until he fell over. Then do it all over again.
She reattached the pin and stepping back to look it over, decided, “You could actually make that coat look cool if you added more stuff to it.”
Sitting down on the bed, Castiel pulled on a pair of socks. “I didn’t realize you had a warm meal. Were you cooking that in your truck?”
He’d parked out where the lot ended in a stretch of grass and a thicket of trees beyond the reach of the parking lot lights. As he drew closer to his truck, he spotted Cas leaning against the cab of a rig parked a few spots down, and bit the corner of his mouth to stop from smiling.
, he hoped it was an act and not the truth. Hoped Dean was only putting up a front—though, that in itself was frustrating. That, after years of knowing each other, they still had to feign disinterest.
The whistling had paused and Castiel glanced up to see Benny watching them. He nodded at them. “You guys ever…”
It’d been nearly two months since he saw Dean last. They’d planned to see each other tonight nearly a week ago. “Why didn’t you text me earlier, when you stopped for repairs? Why only call me now?” He was getting too angry. “I would’ve stopped driving earlier, I wouldn’t’ve stopped here.”
Now was the perfect opportunity to tell Cas… but he kept silent. He’d tell him soon. Maybe not tonight.
"About that..." Cas started slowly. Dean gave him a look. "Well, uh... Your immune system isn't quite as healthy as you think. I've been giving it a boost for the past several years, every time you started to get sick."
“It doesn’t feel that way,” he admitted. Scooping river dirt into his hand, he pushed a forefinger around the tan sand, speckled with black and grey. “So I kept walking and when you kept following, I hid. You passed within fifty feet of me.” Dean’s jaw tightened and he started shaking his head. Castiel rubbed his thumb and forefinger together, mud staining his fingertips. “I understand what that phrase means now, 'sick to your stomach.'"
Reaching over, Castiel touched Dean’s forehead. Allowed a small amount of grace to escape him, ease Dean’s sleep. The lines of his forehead softened, and, a little guiltily, Castiel slid his hand to Dean’s hair, gently stroked the soft, long strands, clean from the river.
“It does present a curious curl in the metaphysics, doesn’t it?” Castiel asked, pushing his hands against his thighs to stand. “If you murder a monster in monster heaven, where does it go?”
The angel’s form flickered, as if a sheen of light passed over him, though he was standing in shadow. “I want to say.” He straightened his shoulders, fixing Benny with a solemn look. That look, Benny recognized. Always so serious, this angel. “Thank you.”
“Guess I ain’t used to putting my guard down.” Benny gave Castiel a careful look. “Still not so sure I should.”
Cas smiled, pouring more sunscreen into his hand. “He’s very intelligent for his age. He’s going to do well in school. What do you think he’ll want to study in college?”
Prairie and forest, coast and desert. He'd traveled these roads before, but he was paying attention now. Everything looked different with Cas sitting by his side, when every glance to his right revealed Cas already looking at him.
He took a step in the direction of the store, and Dean snagged his wrist, tugging him to a stop. “Where do you think you’re going?”
. Didn’t think Dean would want that, didn’t know if he himself did. Knew, though, he didn’t want Benny to be the one with Dean now. Wanted to know what it would be like, to have Dean’s trust in him like that, going pliant under his hands. Knew that after all he had done, he would never get to learn.
Dean glanced at Cas, then back at his cigarette and shrugged. “More or less.” Taking a long drag, he held it out and Cas took it.
“We’ve come to rescue you, Castiel. It took quite a great effort and many angels lost, but we have found our way to you at last.”
“I got a few beers in the cooler,” Dean said. “‘Less you’re dead set on drinking warm beer in a craphole.”
Worse than any of the monsters, worse than the Leviathan. The one who allowed them to escape. Twisting his fingers together, Castiel forced his feet to move, keep up. His shame was such that anyone could see, solely by looking at him; his sins written on him as clear as the mud streaking his clothing and skin.
Turning back around, Castiel studied the shadowy interior of the opposite bank. A struggle for his grace to strengthen his eyesight, to pierce through the thick tangle of trees and brush which blended together in the dusk. He mustn’t let Dean and Benny know this, the way his grace was failing him. He was still strong enough to care for Dean, to bring him to their destination. That much he could do.
Dean nodded, seemingly satisfied with this explanation. Castiel, though, pressed for more. “And do you know anyone who’s gone through it?”
“Guess you’re gonna be seeing more of me, now that we’re headed to the same place,” he said, throwing his discarded shirt to the side and kicking his jeans off all the way. He elbowed Cas, who smiled a little. “When’s the last time that happened, right? Ages.”
Pulling his knees to his chest, Castiel curled in on himself, shut his eyes. Drew deep inside himself, forcing his agitated grace to settle, calm. Needed to calm, made a fool of himself.
“You know what to do, there’s only one—” He shifted his weight, crossed his arms. “Cas, there’s only one option. You can’t stay here.”
“Is there a problem here?” someone asked, and Dean turned to see a McDonald’s employee hurrying over.
To her surprise, she felt a sudden pang of sympathy. Weak, Naomi had described Castiel. But Hariel thought she might’ve been mistaken. To stay here, willingly, in an attempt to right his wrongs? To walk boldly now, despite his form, and rejoin the ones who cast him out, all to help one human? Perhaps foolish, but not weak.
look. “Charming.” He headed off down the hallway towards their bedroom and Dean followed. “How did Mrs. Landis take the news?”
Pushing himself up to sit, he rubbed his hands over his face, tried to quell the disappointment that turned his stomach. He’d thought that Dean felt the same as he did—and that, he supposed, was why Dean’s quitting was such a surprise. He’d thought Dean felt the same and so worked up the courage to suggest driving together, and it turned out he was wrong, he’d read everything wrong.
“Gonna be sore when he wakes up, sleeping like that.” Still, Benny settled down on a log and picked at dried blood and guts on his blade.
As they ate, they talked about their respective days at work. Dean’s morning had been filled mainly with paperwork and dealing with a cranky customer. Cas had had a far busier day. He ticked off on his fingers everything that happened so far at the grocery store: he’d stocked shelves and cleaned up a spill in aisle three, Ms. Butters had come in and bought cat food for another stray she’d picked up, someone had puked in the bathroom.
“Probably right. Always works out that way.” A slight chill made him look up to see the door to outside opening, and there was Cas—a little late, but he was here.
“Do we really? I mean, he’s walking and talking now, he’s playing with other kids. Fuck, he’s growing up. And quick.”
He knew Dean was lying, saying he could call or visit. Not that Dean wouldn’t welcome him, but he could imagine how uncomfortable it would be, awkward silence and the feeling that too often reared its head, that he wasn’t wanted, that Dean didn’t actually want to see him.
“She was incredibly non-sympathetic—thank you." Cas took the bowl from him. “She seemed to find it amusing that I once ruled garrisons and now can’t go five minutes without sneezing.”
His grace glowed faint in the cut and his skin stitched back together. “Fine,” he said curtly, continuing to walk.
“Listen.” Dean pointed at himself. “I'm the one with the mojo. I'm the one with the plan. Cas, we're gonna shove your ass back through the eye of that needle if it kills all three of us.”
“That may have been an oversight on my part,” Cas admitted. The oven beeped and Jack rushed to the table.
Dean nodded slowly, glanced down at the blade in his hand, knuckles raw and red. “Yeah," he answered quietly. "Me too.”
“Shit, that’s near where I’m going.” He stroked his thumb along Cas’ jaw. “Didn’t expect you to be on the West Coast. Thought you were up northeast.”
“Yeah, sorry, got distracted talking to Liam.” He gestured in the direction of the meat vendor with a plastic fork, then back at the pie slice. “Dude, you have to try this, it’s so good.”
“Dude.” Wiping tears from his eyes, Dean took the drawing from him. A stick figure man with a scribble of brown hair, lopsided green eyes, and dots which he guessed were his freckles. “I haven’t been this skinny in years. Wait a moment.” He frowned at the stick legs. “You gave me freaking bow legs?”
“I like being in the sunlight,” Cas said. He handed over a wrapped sub. “Straight from the deli. Just like you wanted.”
Hooking the radio back onto its clip, he watched for the mile markers, tried to see if he could spot the accident in the distance. Flashing lights on cop cars signaled he was drawing near, and traffic slowed to a crawl as the two lane highway narrowed to one lane to accommodate the clean up crew. Two cars sat in the right lane, metal twisted into each other.
“Oh,” Hannah said, sounding disappointed. It’d been a lie, but it made Dean wonder all the same if Cas did have someone else back home that he was seeing. There had to be others; they saw each other so infrequently. He realized with a start that he wished he was the only one, and quickly pushed the thought aside.
Seething, he sat on his bed and turned on the TV, trying to distract himself. He didn’t know how much time had passed before he realized he was watching an infomercial for a nonstick pan.
played on the TV; one of Cas' favorite pastimes was refuting every crazy claim and theory the show presented with his own recollections of the ancient times. “Sam said this tea will help. He ran out to get some medicine.”
Everyone moved to take a seat, Zara gesturing for Cas to sit at her right hand side. Dean pointedly took a spot close by to keep an eye on her. “I think you’ll enjoy this dish,” Zara said, passing him a bowl. “Cas tells me you’re the cook here.”
Castiel nodded though he knew Anna couldn’t see him. Gabe had left home a few years after their mom died, when Castiel was around twelve. He didn’t know why his family splintered so easily, all of them finding their own ways to distance themselves from each other. Maybe the way their dad had raised them—too tightly, so they felt trapped. He’d felt trapped, at least.
Stretching his fingers out by his side, he felt the power of the storm tingle just beyond his reach. Not even Heaven contained such power so concentrated, so focused. No superiors, no rules, no sins. Dog eat dog. Savage, ruthless, yes. But purity of instinct. Thought this place could accomplish what Heaven had tried—to refine him, make him into something more precise.
“Christ, when’d you get so conniving?” He got up and asked Jack, “You wanna help your old man clean?”
After starting a load of laundry and raiding the medicine cabinets in the bathroom and cabinets in the kitchen, he returned to the room to find Cas sitting cross-legged under the covers of the bed, remote in his hands.
Cas stepped closer to the bed, then hesitated. Dean motioned for him to sit and Cas did so on the edge of the bed, away from Dean’s legs. He glanced at the TV. “We should have another movie night soon. We haven’t had one in a long time.”
Killing the damn thing hadn’t been too easy. But after inadvertently destroying a few gravestones, nearly falling into an open grave, and narrowly avoiding losing a few limbs, they finally bashed the ghoul’s brains in thoroughly, and split up from the cemetery. Dean went to speak to the latest victim’s mother while Cas and Sam got rid of the remains.
Castiel wanted to point out that he could hold good conversations, if he liked the person he was speaking to. He enjoyed talking to Dean, and Dean could talk for hours. Spend five hour car rides telling Castiel about the best burger places on both coasts, the best Eastwood movies and why. And he listened too. Let Castiel tell him about how the stars were formed, how the Grand Canyon was carved into the Earth. Laughed when he described the antics of his fellow angels.
It wasn’t fair that Benny could have Dean’s trust like this—but Castiel had failed Dean too many times. Didn’t deserve the bond he still felt tying himself intrinsically to him.
He headed off with Zara, her attendants holding baskets of food, and her bodyguard, who cast a suspicious look at Dean before following.
“No, you said I could ‘visit.’ Stop the bullshit, Dean, I know you don’t mean it. You’ll never answer your phone and we’ll never see each other again. I don’t know how you can be okay with that. After everything.”
“No, but stands to reason right? This place is monsters only. If some unlucky human bastard happened to get trapped,” he gave Dean a grin, “he’d need a way to get out. Hoping I’m still human enough to hitch a ride.”
He wasn’t a killer or evil or a failure or ruined, like he told himself and like he heard. He was loved and he loved. He liked to think he was made of it.
“Yes. But I’m right.” Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and they watched Jack play. The girl broke free of the sand, and Jack cheered. “He’s gonna be alright. He has a lot of good people looking after him. Including you.”
Feeling queasy, Castiel left the bar and smoked a cigarette outside. He’d reached Little Chute early this morning and now had 36 hours to himself, a break since he’d maxed out his driving hours within the last week. Dean had texted him, told him he was at this trucker bar a few miles away, and Castiel was regretting showing up. He hadn’t realized how much he'd hate being around other drivers. Others who had opinions on Dean’s quitting, who didn’t know the full story, who didn’t really care, not like he cared.
Zadkiel’s expression settled into harsh lines, a repressed grimace, when he gingerly touched Castiel’s shoulder. Hariel forced herself to grip his other shoulder. Castiel didn’t seem to notice their strained expressions, or maybe he just hid his shame well.
Dean watched him. Sand flecked his chubby cheeks and his sunhat kept drooping over his eyes. Dean brushed the sand from Jack’s cheeks and said, “Just hate seeing him get hurt.”
Without his permission, he felt his own eyes growing teary and he ducked his head, scraped his heel on the sidewalk.
Castiel shook his head, shouldn’t even still be sitting here. But Dean was watching him, almost expectantly, eyes sliding down his body, and almost instinctively, Castiel’s hand traveled lower. Under Dean’s gaze, he slipped his hand under his waistband, hips bucking up when his palm closed around his erection.
Another day, another crappy motel. The heater buzzed and hummed and clicked, and Dean considered turning it off. It didn’t seem like it was doing much, anyway. His nose had been cold when he woke, and now he couldn’t fall back asleep. He studied the water stain above his head. Faded, like someone had tried to paint over it, but hadn’t used enough coats. At this angle, the shape vaguely resembled an elephant, or what an elephant would look like if Jack drew a picture of one.
Curled form on the ground, Dean, sleeping. A figure, reclined against a stump. Benny. He looked up as Castiel walked over, but didn’t speak.
“Over the road?” Castiel nodded and sat on the bed, balancing the bowl on his knees. “You’ll learn all the tricks soon enough,” Dean said, sitting down on the only chair at the table. Reaching over, he pulled a beer from the pack, asked, “You want one?” Castiel nodded and Dean tossed him one, continued, “My uncle and dad both drove. Kinda natural that I fell into it too. How’d you get into it? Driving, I mean?”
When he drew away, he realized Benny was watching. It seemed the more human blood Benny received, the less sleep he required. Just another way to torture Castiel; he could no longer have even a quiet night to himself.
“Difference of opinions.” He shoved his hands into his jacket pockets, then glanced at Dean. Dean had probably already guessed, no point in hiding it. “I came out. In high school. Dad wasn’t too happy about it.”
“Yeah, sorry.” Dean rubbed at his forehead. “Uh. Should be around one. I’ll text you when I reach the terminal, never know how long it’ll take them to unload everything.”
He couldn't meet Cas' eyes. “Me neither," Cas said just as quiet. "I mean, it’s the same. No one else.”
He paused in the library’s doorway, before Cas and Zara could spot him, and caught the tail end of what Zara was saying,
he warned himself, thumbing over the lip of the glass. Because in six days, he’d only be saying goodbye to Cas again.
In Evanston, Wyoming, he and Cas stopped to eat at a diner that looked vaguely familiar. As they sat down at a booth in the back, waitress handing them their menus, it hit him.
“And yet you believe Benny, one of these ‘freaks’, will make it out.” He looked at Benny, studying his soul, before returning his gaze to Dean. “This place, the rules aren’t the same. Even Benny’s soul isn’t as warped as my true form, despite his transgressions. This portal, even if it allows Benny through, because he is part human, it will not let me through. Not when I’m still contaminated by Leviathan, the one thing this place is meant especially to hold and trap.”
Benny looked up sharply. Castiel watched Dean’s chest rise and fall for a few long seconds before meeting his eyes. “Make sure he gets back to his brother, makes it alright on Earth.”
“The Winchesters are here!” someone called too cheerily and Dean rolled his eyes, turning to see Ashley walking over. Lady thought she ran the group, always recruiting parents to bring snacks and toys to playdates. A little too high and mighty when Dean knew for a fact that the cupcakes she'd brought last week were store-bought.
Castiel had been able to warn them half an hour before the shapeshifters caught up to them, sensing their approach. To his surprise, rather than getting to their feet to make their escape, Dean said, “Let us at ‘em,” and Benny hefted his blade. Perhaps that had been the most tactical response; two less monsters to worry about. Though they would only be replaced by whichever monsters died on Earth next, or brought back to life here—who knew how the machinations of this place worked.
Unsurprisingly, he couldn’t stay focused on the game and surrounding conversation, and kept glancing back at the bar. He was starting to hate the way he and Cas kept this thing between them a secret. He knew there were plenty of other truckers in their shoes so he’d like to see someone try to make a problem out of it, though it was easier to avoid the questions and judgement.
Dean walked down the bank of skittering stones, tentative steps. As he drew closer, though, his pace quickened and his face broke into a smile. “Cas.” Laughing, he pulled Castiel into a hug. Surprised, Castiel stood stiff in his embrace. He had been expecting anger, not this joyful reunion.
In a life where you could lose anyone in the blink of an eye, he learned he must love sparingly. The less he loved, the less he stood to lose.
She was going to give it her best shot, though. As if a feast wasn’t enough, after dinner, Zara presented Cas with gifts—ornate swords and knives with gilded handles, books detailing the Djinn history and folklore, robes and cloaks like the ones Zara and her entourage wore. Cas kept a polite smile on his face, but Dean saw the increasingly overwhelmed look in his eyes at the sheer amount of gifts.
The water was lukewarm at best, even when the handle was turned all the way to the left. Dean showered quickly, swore under his breath at having forgotten his towel in his truck, and gingerly used one of the ratty ones the motel provided.
Dean ducked underwater again and scrubbed his hands through his hair. “Come on, get in here,” he told Benny. “Feels weird just the two of you watching.”
“Might stop fucking monsters from coming after us,” Dean complained, scratching at his neck. Blood under his fingernails.
, it was cold. Putting out his cigarette, he shoved his hands into his jacket pockets and watched his breath fade away in white clouds.
When Jack woke, he woke cranky. Seeing Sam and Eileen return from the ocean didn’t help much. “Swim!” he yelled from where he’d planted himself in Cas’ lap and wouldn’t move.
"Done," Jack announced, dropping the whisk. Dean raised an eyebrow at the bowl where the mix was only half-combined, dry powder still clinging to the bowl.
“Then how is this gonna work? I ain’t doing some half-assed thing like we’ve had all these years. And I ain’t doing long distance. I tried that with Lisa, I don’t wanna do that again.”
“Obviously, I'm less than comfortable with that,” Benny muttered. “Think I should have a say, seeing as how I’m gonna be trusting you to take me through.”
“Nope,” Benny said, resting his blade on his shoulder. He kicked at one of the heads. “Just two of the bastards.”
Cas looked up as he approached. Some emotion passed over his face, eyes softening, then he looked down again.
Dean helped him to his feet and Castiel took a deep breath. “Good work," Dean said, patting him on the shoulder. “Obliterated the sonuvabitch.”
“You no longer belong here, Castiel,” she told him, then she extended her wings at the same time as Zadkiel, and they pulled Castiel away from this wretched place.
Castiel smiled a little at that, ruefully. “Vessels heal much quicker than grace. I’m not the same. I know you know that.”
as i was editing this chapter, i realized i needed to tweak one of the scenes in ch4. I’m always going back through the chapters and editing small things (of course i find grammatical errors
“Well, you’re fucking wrong.” Sam started to speak, but Dean ignored him and turned on his heel, continued to his room. “I’m not fucking jealous,” he muttered under his breath.
Castiel thought. The frown on Dean’s face seeing him and Noah heading out together didn’t make him feel any better.
Eileen dug a moat for her and Sam’s castle, which was growing larger every moment, and Jack walked over to her, handing her a seashell. “Thanks, Jack,” she said, placing it on top of their tallest sand castle.
Castiel unlocked the door and, stepping inside, flipped on a light switch. A tiny room: one queen-size bed and a table with a chair in the corner. Mild odor of mildew, which by motel standards was as good as it got.
He snapped his head up. Dean was praying to him—instantly, he extended his wings and flew back, blade at the ready.
Dean grabbed his Big Mac. “Yeah, well, he deserves it.” Before they’d come here today, Sam had repeatedly told them, quote, “
Dean was swearing, panting, and Castiel pressed a hand between his legs, against his erection, thought of Benny’s taunting,
“No. Uh. Was.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “It, uh, wasn’t exactly easy, being on the road so much.” Why was he sharing all that? Castiel didn’t need to know his personal business. It’d been five years since he and Lisa split. It was old news, tired news.
“You bastard!” Castiel spat at Benny. Going to them, he grabbed Dean’s arm, tried to pull him away from Benny. Benny wouldn’t let go. “You’re sick, you don’t care at all if you hurt him.”
“I am not ‘poking the bear’.” He put as much indignant expression into his air quotes as he could. From Dean’s amused expression, his effort was ineffective. “I am simply stating what needs to be said.”
Incredible, the amount of trust Dean put into this monster, who had the ability to suck his very life from him. Reckless, but Castiel couldn’t help admire his faith. Dean never ceased to amaze him.
Slice, jab, two steps back. Then an opening, and he plunged his blade into the vampire's chest, claws scraping at his arm. The creature gasped and choked around the weapon, and with a shove, Castiel sent the monster to the ground. Ripping his blade from its chest cavity, he slashed off its head; one slice as the monster jerked underneath him, then another to finally sever tendon and bone, leaving the vampire in a frozen snarl, teeth stained dark.
Benny laughed. “That’s another difference too. Hunters I met, weren’t humble. One guy I met,” gestured to his neck, “wore a necklace of vamp teeth. Cruel bastard.” Castiel wanted to ask what happened to the man when he encountered Benny.
Hence, why they were spending their Saturday afternoon at the Hell on Earth known as McDonald's PlayPlace.
Castiel followed, pushing aside vines and branches in his path. They scratched at his hands and he hissed, yanking his hand away from one thorny vine. A single drop of blood welled to the surface of his palm and he stared at it.
“Something better came up.” He threw the empty sugar packet into the trash. “Bobby’s retiring, so I’m taking over the shop.”
Dean would be hurt, angry. But with time, he hoped Dean would see why he chose to stay behind. Hoped Dean would one day forgive him. For everything.
“Sure glad you don’t sleep,” Benny told Castiel, settling down on a fallen log. For that, Castiel wished he did sleep so he could force Benny to take watch. “Won’t argue about getting some more shut-eye.”
“Smart,” Dean commented, toeing off his boots. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, fingers at the button to his jeans, and Castiel looked away, knowing how much he valued his privacy. He’d complained enough about Castiel watching him sleep.
“Sure, nurse.” Dean wiped at dried blood on his temple with his sleeve, accomplishing nothing. Wasn’t meeting either of their eyes. “Come on, we’re wasting time.”
“You ain’t gotta tell me everything that’s ailing you, but ‘least you can do is not be an ass about it.”
“Four weeks,” Castiel supplied. Did Dean think he was driving, did he want to try and meet up? “I’m on hometime—”
“Yeah, well.” Settling back against the headboard, Dean took a drink and shrugged. “Figure now is as good a time as any.”
He'd known those words would come back to bite him. He fumbled for an excuse, "Yeah, because I'm busy and always on the road, I don't know. I don't meet many new people, and it's just easy with you since I've known you forever."
“Call it what you want, but I’d like to not fail my classes.” He glanced at his watch. “I’d also like to not get fired, so…”
“Well, suck it up. Tough luck.” He started walking off with a, “Come on, time’s a-wastin’,” and Benny swore under his breath.
Must’ve been only half-awake because he didn’t protest, just shifted closer to Castiel, his head relaxing on top of Castiel’s thigh, eyes falling shut and breathing steadying out.
“Shut up,” Dean said, wiping at his eyes brusquely. They started for their cars, though he couldn’t help looking back. Third window on the righthand side, second floor. Jack’s classroom. He’d cased the school last week, learned the exits and entrances. Still, standing outside, he felt helpless.
“Almost,” Dean managed. “So good, Cas, so good,” under his breath and Castiel’s face flushed, then, “Fuck, fu—” His hips stuttered and he jerked with a grunt as he came, and Castiel hated that he couldn’t see.
“Ain’t gonna look good, like yours.” Underneath the dirt, blood, and facial hair, Castiel thought he saw Dean redden a little. “Just.” He straightened his legs, shifted in his seat. “Dad was a stickler for that. Some hunters, they hardly ever interact with anyone normal. Spend all their time out in the fucking woods, hunting wendigos and werewolves. Look the part too. Dad, he said once you let your mind slip, reality slipped away from you. You’d turn crazy before long, turn into all animal-sense, like the monsters you hunted.”
Dean raised an eyebrow, waiting, and Cas broke into a full grin. Stepping close, he kissed Dean. “I completely forgot,” he explained.
“You get sucked into it. Before you know it, years have passed.” It was true, but all the same, it wasn’t the way he’d expected his life to go. Not that most things in his life had gone to plan.
Unfortunately, that was true. He had stayed away from Dean to keep him safe. Any possible escape for Dean had to be taken into consideration.
,” but guilt rushed through him for how harsh the words sounded in his head. Defensive words, unnecessary ones because there was no threat here. He didn't mean them anyway.
“I’m sure Cas will talk to her, let her know this is all a misunderstanding. In the meantime, try to be friendly, okay? We can’t risk getting the Djinn on our bad side.”
Ignoring Sam’s record-setting bitch face, he hesitantly started eating, finding to his annoyance that Zara was right. This food
The widest, most open space Castiel had seen for some time. Hadn’t realized how much his eyes strained until now, gazing out for several yards without trees blocking his view.
Dean opened the oven, checking to see if it was working. Already pretty warm for a small bright pink appliance. “Woulda killed for something like this when I was younger.” He looked at the inside of his wrist. “Used to have a pretty nasty scar from when I tried making Sam brownies in some janky motel oven.”
“Fuck,” Dean managed, trying to shove him off. He ducked when Cole swung at him, and kicked the second man, freeing himself. Before he could move, though, he caught a fist to the face.
Cas had left their motel room early that morning with hardly a word—which wasn’t very out of the ordinary since Cas wasn’t much of a morning person, at least before he got coffee in him—but there had been something unspoken in the air, something tense, something residual from the night before.
This was Dean's life, his decision—didn't matter what Cas thought or said about it. Still, he couldn't help feel guilty at how hard Cas was trying to say the right thing, to appease him. Worse still, he knew Cas really meant it, wasn't lying to him. Always was so earnest.
Cas scratched his thumbnail into the wood of the bench. Light played across his hair and face, filtering through the tree leaves above, and Dean felt that feeling again, a warmth in his chest spreading outwards, making him a little lightheaded, tingling in his fingertips. How long had he felt this way towards Cas?
He followed Zara’s annoyingly regal voice to the hallway outside the bedrooms where Cas was apparently giving a tour to her and her bodyguard.
Benny raised his eyebrows. “Think you should show a little more respect, angel. He risked his damn life to go after you.”
The oven chimed, announcing it was pre-heated, and Dean stared at the lumpy excuse for dough in the bowl. Maybe it’d look more appetizing when cooked.
Shouldn’t—that’s what his superiors would have told him, the menacing commandment hanging over him on Earth. Shouldn’t admire humans, grow close to them, desire them.
They were getting closer to their escape, or so Benny said. Kept saying. Sometimes Castiel thought he could sense the portal too. Maybe not, maybe his mind playing tricks on him, wishful thinking. How long had he been stuck here?
After completing his ritualistic circling around their makeshift camp, Benny came back to lay on his back, arms crossed behind his head, whistling softly. Dean shifted in his sleep, frown creasing his brows. Inner turmoil, perhaps a bad dream.
‘Course he had to pick an asshole to play against. "Whaddya say we pick this up in the morning? Kinda late, kinda just wanna hit the hay in peace.”
Dean kissed him before getting off him and rolling over onto his back. “Fuck.” He let out a long exhale. “Been too long since we did this.” He caught himself from saying, “I missed it,” and flushed, hoped Cas hadn’t noticed.
Dean rolled his eyes, and Benny laughed. “Sorry, forgot I was speaking to an ‘angel of the lord’.” Surveying Castiel with a look which he did not particularly like, he added, “Betcha anything, though, you ain’t as pure as you make out to be.”
"Whatcha making?" Sam asked, coming into the kitchen. He lifted the lid of the pot on the stove and Dean snapped him with the towel.
Voices carried from outside the bar, and he looked up. But none of the shadowed figures standing outside were Dean.
“Aww, I’m glad she could come visit.” Krista gestured to her stand. “Looking for anything in particular? Or just browsing?”
“She’s coming later,” Jack said. “She has a…” He peered up at Cas, squinting a little. “Prior obligation.” He stumbled over the words a little, but Cas nodded at him. In truth, Claire and Kaia were on a hunt, but after too many concerned calls from teachers, they’d managed to explain to Jack why that information couldn’t be shared with everyone.
“I missed you too,” Jack said, extricating himself from his grip to hold up a slightly crinkled piece of paper. “I drew a brontosaurus!”
Dean realized he was frowning. “Nothing.” Flexing his shoulders, he stretched out his back, stiff from poring over books. “Just, three people are already dead. I better be right that it’s a pack of vetala.”
Dean started in that direction, then all of Castiel’s senses narrowed, a chill creeping down his spine.
it read along with a photo of perfectly formed pretzels. At the bottom, it also read, "Ages 8 and up." Ah. So maybe a little advanced for a four year old.
It would be so easy to sink into himself, as he did in the hospital. Ignore his surroundings, ignore his vessel. Live inside his mind, his memories, as in-tune to his grace and true form as he could possibly be while occupying a vessel.
“Yeah,” Cas said and Dean could almost believe his smile, if it didn’t come up too late and fade so fast. “Real good.”
“I tried to go to Dean, but...” He looked down at his hands and Benny realized something was… off about him. Fuzzy around the edges, almost. His figure seemed to flicker and Benny blinked.
“You’re lucky that you have Sam,” he said. “That’s really great, that you’ll be living close to him now.”
“How did you do that?” Cas asked, studying the box. Going to him, Dean did the same thing he’d did with Jack, standing behind him and holding his hands to help him form a pretzel shape. Cas' fingers were dusted with flour, and Dean got a bit distracted by the way Cas leaned back against him, letting him guide him into creating a pretty decent pretzel. Not as perfect as the ones on the box, but close enough.
Fire in Castiel’s belly. He rocked up into his hand. Watched Dean’s fingers curl into the dirt. Pushed his waistband down further to fully expose himself, panted as he stroked himself, heard Dean stifle a groan. Cold night air, heat in Dean’s eyes. Tightened his fist, faster strokes. Chasing his own pleasure, chasing Dean’s. Dean’s eyes fixed on his hand, lips parted, every minute reaction making Castiel’s gut tighten.
“If I may,” Zara interjected, and Dean realized Zara and the man, presumably her bodyguard, were watching them go back and forth. “I see there’s been a miscommunication. See, when Castiel arrived for negotiations to obtain the fruit of the Tree of Life, we Djinn were in the middle of a war. I asked for Castiel’s hand in marriage in exchange for giving him the fruit, and we pledged ourselves to each other, agreeing to hold the official binding ceremonies later when the war didn’t require all my focus.”
So that’s how she found herself sitting in the back of the Impala next to a carseat, listening to one of Dean’s old cassette tapes (which wasn’t too bad, but she’d never admit it).
“Well, now she knows how to kill them,” Cas said. “And there’s other hunters in the area who can help.”
Zara continued, “We have many in my kingdom who have been displaced from their homes, who are no longer a part of their own. I think you will find us to be an accepting community.”
In summary, the scene originally ended with cas promising to leave purgatory with dean, but I decided that after the traumas of godstiel, cas wouldn’t want to promise something that he is still unsure about. I think he’s had enough of lying to dean’s face for a lifetime :)
Cas picked up one of the menus already lying on the table and flipped it open. “Maybe when I’m driving near Sioux Falls, I can stop by. See how you’re doing.”
Laying down next to Dean, he wrapped an arm around him, pressed himself against Dean’s back. Hoped he wouldn’t wake, afraid he would push him away.
Dean wanted to ask him. But he knew he’d only be projecting his own fears for Jack. He couldn’t protect him from everything, he knew that. But, dammit, he had to try. Didn’t he?
Cas hesitated, dropping his eyes to the bed, and Dean stared at him. Then he thought of wanting to call Cas up, but stopping before he could dial the number; thought of coming within a few hundred miles of each other, but not getting to see each other; meeting up for the first time in months, but knowing they only had a few hours. And, suddenly, he knew what Cas meant. But he’d never thought to wish for more, not with Cas, not with their jobs, not when he knew they were lucky just to have this, and he shouldn’t risk jinxing it.
“So, what?" Dean asked, regretting ever bringing up the topic. "You want me to stick around, keep driving so you won’t be lonely? That what you want?”
Benny grinned. “Ain’t saying that wouldn’t be like me, but no, I meant it.” Glanced at Dean. “Doesn’t look at me like he does you.”
Cas’ expression turned thoughtful, as if taking stock of every physical sensation in his body, and Dean had to grin at his seriousness. He nodded. "Yes."
These ‘sort of things’ being playgroups. So, they’d tried a couple that hadn’t worked out. “Not like it’s our fault,” he said. “Take a seat, kid.” Jack ignored him, jumping in his seat as he waved to another toddler sitting nearby.
Both Leviathan were above him now, kicking and punching, and his grace cowered before their presence.
The truck behind him merged into the left lane, and Dean heard his CB radio crackle, someone mentioning a slowdown ahead.
“If it makes you feel better,” Cas said, fetching scissors from a drawer, “This box is for you. I bought you something.”
“You’re not going anywhere,” Dean told Castiel. “You’re sticking with us and like it or not, Benny is too. So shut it, ‘less you’re going to help any.”
With a thud, Dean shoved the werewolf back against a tree, holding his weapon to the monster’s neck. The werewolf snarled, saliva flying, and Dean pressed his blade deeper, drawing blood. “Try anything and I’ll kill you.”
Dean shook his head, muttering about murdering Sam. Jack continued his recap of the day, and Dean resigned himself to getting stuck in after-school traffic for the next twenty minutes.
“The portal will close soon,” Cael warned from behind them. Hariel could sense the Leviathan nearing and her true form rankled. If Castiel did not consent soon, they would tear him from here regardless. He hardly seemed strong enough to fight them off.
Couldn’t, though he wanted to flee. His grace churned inside him, disoriented. Rising up against an enemy he couldn’t fight, one he still felt inside.
Nodding, Jack crawled out of Cas’ lap, and Dean helped him shovel sand into the bucket. He ignored the anxious look Cas was giving him. He wanted Jack to have good memories of the beach, not memories of his dad letting him get whisked away by the asshole ocean. A pang of guilt tightened his chest for not keeping a tighter grip on the kid, and he wiped at a tear stain on Jack’s cheek.
, and caught a Greyhound. His nerves only increased as the hours passed, but one thought kept him in his seat: that if he didn’t see Cas now, he might never again. And even he wasn’t idiotic enough to risk that.
Cas slowly lowered his fork, and it seemed speaking a few words broke down a wall in Dean’s mind because the rest came flooding out.
“Hey, son. Was waiting to hear back from you. Said you were gonna tell me when I gotta pick you up tomorrow. Never got back to me.”
No such thing as rules out here, though; maybe that’s why Dean let Benny get his hands on him, maybe that’s why he thrust his hips up now into Benny’s hand and mouth, encouraged, voice increasingly strained,
He thought Dean’s face reddened in the dim light. “Yeah, sure.” Dipping a finger under Castiel’s waistband, he grinned a little. “It was a really long drive, though. Four fucking hours. Think you owe me.”
One question. Why didn’t Dean ask for his grace? Did Dean think he would let him bleed, let him hurt? Hesitantly, he approached him. “Let me,” he told him.
“Right,” Dean said, not convinced. Cas studied him, the familiar, peculiar squint to his eyes and Dean nearly squirmed. Turning, he said, “I’m going to bed.”
He was gasping for air, he was drowning, he was grasping at grass and dirt, he was flailing, thrashing for purchase on nothing but water.
What he wanted? He wanted… He didn’t know what he wanted, and maybe it didn’t matter anyway. Some things just had to be accepted.
“Heard that,” Benny said, returning. “Better safe than sorry, don’t wanna bed down when there’s a ghoul five feet away.”
Frantic eyes, couldn't look in them for too long. Shaking his head, he caught sight of a Leviathan head laying beside him. Could see right down its throat to the forest beyond, its head disconnected from its body. The ground sizzled where its blood dripped, and its eyes remained bottomless pits.
“We were already going,” Cas said haughtily. He glared at Denise. “And if 'Tommy' ever lays a hand on Jack again, he will be sorry.” Jack’s expression was eerily similar to Cas’ as they shot twin glares at Tommy, and Dean thought he caught a spark in Jack’s eyes.
What did it matter? He was the one who’d told Cas it was time to move on. He fought for words. “You know, I ain’t gone yet.”
It was all a joke, but Cas’ expression turned somber, serious, and Dean couldn’t look away. Then Cas moved in and kissed him, bringing both hands to his face, and Dean let out a noise of surprise, set his beer down to grab Cas’ shirt. He thought he heard the can fall over at their feet, but he didn’t pay it any mind, too distracted by the way Cas was kissing him breathless.
he was tired. Taking another drag from his cigarette, Castiel tilted his head back and looked up. Orange haze from nearby streetlights, then the wide, dark expanse of the sky, pierced by faint pinpricks of stars and sliced with a sliver of the moon.
Cas elbowed him. “You can pick out any snack you want when we find a place to stop,” he told Jack. A dangerous idea, but they might not even make it there. Their drawings would soon be outdated when they turned old and grey in their seats.
“They’re not tricks,” Castiel interrupted. “They’re my innate gifts, given to angels by God in order to accomplish our Heavenly missions—”
“It will,” Dean said. “You’re still an angel.” He gestured to him. “I mean, come on, man, you’re nothing like any of the freaks out here.”
"Dean, I—" Dean waited for an answer, expectantly, and Castiel's heart sunk. "I can't lie to you. Not again."
That was a heavy admission, for both of them. Cas seemed to be waiting for more, if his silence was any indicator, but Dean didn’t know what else to say, felt a little frightened by the implications of what they'd said. He picked up his menu again, thumbed through the pages, then the waitress came to take their orders.
From his body language, Castiel knew the conversation was over, but a thousand words still threatened to spill from his mouth. Apologies, attempts to explain his actions. There were no suitable explanations.
Castiel met his eyes. “That is the only reason you are keeping him around?” He wasn’t quite sure what he was asking. A question sparked from Dean’s willingness to let Benny drink from him, their easy banter, comfort around each other.
pretty remarkable that he'd never gotten even a common cold with all the other shit they dealt with. "Fuck."
Bobby continued, “First, John thought he wanted a wife, then some kids, then thought he wanted to travel, thought he wanted the road. Coulda had both, if he really tried, but he was always too busy moving on to the next thing. Guess where that got him? Drunk, divorced, and broke. Lonely as hell too. I don’t wanna see you end up the same.”
“I’ve told you all I know, cher.” The trees fell away to reveal a sloping ridge, white and grey stone piled on top of each other. He studied the surface. “This looks promising.”
He didn't know where they'd park the Impala for good, but he pictured somewhere with windows, patches of sunlight on the floor. The details didn't matter so much, though, not so long as he had Cas.
Not alone yet. Dean’s soul was a cool glow by his side, a draw to the monsters in this place—but where they saw a threat, an enemy, Castiel saw beauty, strength. That soul had endured much, and yet still persisted. Not even his true form would glow half as bright, he suspected.
Grabbing another beer, Dean held it out to him. “Sure you’ll quit soon enough. You’ve been wanting to just as long as I have.”
The first stretch of his wings, full and weighty, was glorious. His first flight brought him to tears, and his first return to his true form in so many long years was exhilaratingly freeing. He saw the stars, he moved among them. He twisted in the air and whooped, cheered, hummed.
Dean cracked his neck. “Before we found Cas, you said it was my humanity that was drawing too much attention.”
Corn flakes went flying and Dean dodged one shooting towards his eye. Oblivious, Jack continued crushing the cereal with the flat of his hand, a gleeful smile on his face.
“Take this off,” Dean said, breaking into his thoughtless, repetitive fidgeting. He tugged at the sleeve of the trenchcoat and Castiel slipped it from his shoulders. Dean bundled it in his hands. The hem, the sleeve, stained with Leviathan blood. Castiel’s heartbeat quickened at the sight, then Dean cupped water in his hands, poured it over the fabric.
“We’re family now, right?” she asked, pulling away to meet his eyes, and Dean nodded. Smiling at him and patting his arm, she turned back to Jody, wrapping an arm around her.
The magic fingers bed at the King's Court Motel cost four quarters for fifteen minutes—three more than when he was younger, he griped to Cas. The vibrating massage didn't seem quite as relaxing as he remembered, but maybe he was just used to more magical fingers—this he accompanied with an exaggerated wink which made Cas roll his eyes.
“Woah, hey!” Dean ran to get between them, holding out his hands, stopping Castiel from getting closer to the monster.
“The best part of coming to a farmer’s market is the free samples,” she said. Juices seeped onto the board as she divided the peach into thick slices. “Here.” She offered a slice to Jack first, who crammed it eagerly in his mouth, then one to Cas.
“I’m sorry,” he told Dean, quietly, voicing the words that had become a litany in his head. He tightened his grip around Dean and closed his eyes, soaked in the sight and warmth of his soul. Dean’s heart beat under his palm, and though he knew it was a selfish thing to do, he pressed his lips to the back of Dean’s neck, lightly, just to feel the warmth of his skin under his lips, just to know what it felt like. Didn’t know how he’d bear watching him leave. Didn’t know how he could continue without him.
“Okay.” Dean glanced at his watch, relief flooding him. He didn’t know how he was going to get there, but, “Okay. I can be there in a few hours.”
Dean recognized the determined look in Jack’s eyes; he’d seen it too many times in Cas’. "I dunno how to make one,” he tried as a last ditch effort to get out of this project.
In this plane of existence, he no longer had to eat or drink, required little sleep at night, more a habit than anything else, Castiel suspected. As if Purgatory held him in limbo from the living and the dead.
“Yeah, might,” Benny said, the thoughtfulness in his voice surely all for show. Castiel doubted he’d ever spared two seconds of considerate thought towards him. “‘Course, think angels are closer to monsters than humans are, so they aren’t too out of place here.”
“I’m gonna turn in,” Dean said, and got to his feet. Castiel returned his gaze to the water and remembered the feel of Dean’s palms against his face.
“Perfect,” Eileen said, and Sam stabbed the umbrella he was carrying into the sand to mark their spot.
Only when the gloom darkened so that their surroundings were barely visible did they stop for the night. With his grace, Castiel would be able to notice any movement around them. He told Benny and Dean to rest while he took watch—well, he told Dean, and Benny took the offer as well. Despite his injury, Benny hadn’t let a single complaint slip since the attack. He was a strong fighter, Castiel had to admit. And he’d helped keep Dean safe during the inadvisable search for him. But that was all the compassion he was willing to give him. He walked too boldly for a monster among his own kind, for a monster leeching off of others’ blood, off of Dean’s.
Felt his grace swell in his chest even as he told himself they were only words spoken to convince him to come along, no real truth to them. Not now; not after everything he had done, every way he had hurt Dean.
Glaring at the asphalt, listening to the racket coming from the bar, he tried to muster up anger towards Dean. He was nearly certain that Dean had called him two months ago to say he was quitting, then decided not to mention it. Why had Dean changed his mind? For all he knew of Dean, for all the years they’d known each other, he too often felt shut out, like Dean was putting up a wall to stop them from getting too close. It was infuriating.
“Fuck,” Cas swore, getting to his feet, and Dean kept laughing as he walked over, eyes narrowed at him.
Cas once told him that he was defined by love. That everything Dean had ever done had been for love.
No more snarling or sounds of struggle. Benny breathed heavily, kicked one of the dead bodies over. “Are you alright?” Castiel asked Dean.
They dressed in the cramped space, and Dean grinned as Cas pulled on his jacket, his hair still disheveled, his expression disgruntled. Grabbing his elbow and turning him around to face him, he smoothed Cas’ hair and fixed the collar of his shirt. Sliding his hands down Cas’ arms, he kissed him when Cas tilted his face up.
“Charming,” Zara said with a laugh. She looked at Cas. “You were right, he does have such beautiful hair.”
“Fuck,” Dean muttered, peering through his windshield at the highway obscured by heavy snowfall. His headlights didn’t so much as illuminate the slick road as illuminate the sheet of snow that had been falling for the better part of an hour.
“Fine,” Dean grunted. He spluttered when Jack kicked his feet, sending up a spray of sand, and Jack laughed at him.
“Sounds good to me,” Cas agreed, and Jack cheered. Dean held out a forkful of pie, and, leaning forward, Cas let Dean feed it to him. He nodded thoughtfully, appreciating the spices and crunch of sugar. “Your pies are better.”
“I’m Castiel, by the way,” the man said as they stepped into the cold and headed to a room a few doors down.
“You don’t have to—” Cas started, but Krista was already pulling out a cutting board and knife from behind the stand and cutting into the peach.
Such a question. “You mean am I still…” He made circles near his head with his pointer finger, a gesture he had seen on TV.
Maybe it all started that first moment he saw Cas, maybe not. He didn’t believe in love at first sight, but when he remembered seeing Cas for the first time, he remembered loving him. Maybe, now that he loved Cas, he couldn’t see him any other way.
Twelve weeks. Dean was impatient so it wasn’t long before he was pushing Cas on his back to get on top of him, Cas’ fingers on his cheek, soft moan as Dean deepened their kiss.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, me too.” He gestured for Cas to hand him the last beer. He didn’t have to drive early tomorrow, he could handle a bit of a hangover. “I like driving, don’t get me wrong, but it’s not what I wanna do for the rest of my life, not like John.”
Cas told him he did. Told him love ran through his veins and rested in his touch. Showed him love was powerful, freeing, joyful.
Dean must’ve sensed he’d tested Castiel’s patience enough one day because, huffing, he turned to face him. Castiel gently pulled Dean’s collar aside, grace churning in him, agitated, at the sight of the bite marks. “If there was any other way to escape—”
Dean and Bobby were sitting on the back porch with a woman Castiel assumed was Eileen. A young child stood between Dean’s legs, kicking his feet out in mock steps, fists wrapped around Dean’s fingers. He looked up at the squeak of the screen door when Castiel and Sam stepped outside.
Dean’s steps faltered a little, and he slowed to a stop on the sidewalk. Cas was smoking, staring at the asphalt, the setting sun making his shadow stretch out long, and the sight of him steadied Dean. He watched Cas tap the ash from his cigarette, rub a hand through his hair as he looked up at the sky, and the thought rose in his mind that the feeling welling up in his chest, a feeling he’d felt in smaller measures before but always quickly tamped down, sure felt a lot like love.
One day, he might like to be human. One day, he might remove his grace and tuck it away, carefully. He might feel his lungs fill with air, his blood run through his veins with life, he might age.
She nodded, handing a room key to the man, who looked oddly familiar. “Everyone’s off the road with the storm.”
He couldn’t go with Dean, he belonged here. He grabbed Dean’s hand and met his eyes, held tightly to remember what it felt like.
“Yeah, I dunno.” Dean pulled his hands into his lap and stared off into the forest, shrugged. “We got swarmed by fucking Leviathan. All sides. Fucking vicious bastards, swear they’re worse here than on Earth.” Castiel nodded, a shiver hitching his shoulders. Here, they appeared in their true forms, all ooze and teeth. No human vessel or voice to hide their lethality.
A driver he recognized—Carmen, he thought—dragged Dean out to the floor to dance and Castiel’s fingers itched for another cigarette.
“At least a week,” she answered, shattering any hope that they might be gone by 6pm. “Cas was just showing us all these extra bedrooms where we can stay.”
“Think it is." Dean glanced to his left where a car was trying to pass him, suddenly disappearing into his blind spot. "Kinda surprised you're still putting up with me after all these years.”
“Just thought, I don’t know. You’re always talking about nature and whatever. You could start a garden outside. If you want.”
Castiel knew Dean meant it. His insistent prayers, his relentless search, even while knowing he could simply abandon Castiel and leave this place. Castiel should stay away, Dean didn’t understand. But Dean wouldn’t let him go.
he sounded like an idiot. Maybe Cas would think he was too drunk to get his words out and take pity on him.
He didn’t know how long he sat there, but eventually a blaring truck horn startled him and he came to his senses. He checked his mirrors, turned his key in the ignition, turned on his GPS, hands running on autopilot. Didn’t matter what Cas thought, didn’t matter how Cas felt, this was how things stood.
“Don’t say that,” he said, and Dean froze, eyes snapping to their father. Dad pulled his eyes from the street to Sam, giving him a long, steady look.
With a glance at the door to convince himself Cas would be in the shower for a little while longer, he grabbed the blanket, brought it to their bed.
Dean’s eyes slid to Castiel’s for only a split second, but it was long enough for Castiel to feel a pang of regret. Memories of his body contorting, his essence wrung from his vessel, then shoved back in again, dizzyingly spinning until landing here, in Purgatory. Opening his eyes to see Dean next to him, scanning the area, stumbling a little.
Jack looked over at Dean, just as his dough rope tore in two. "Dammit." He balled the dough back together. “Let’s try that again.”
“Alright, I know what to do,” Dean said, tossing aside the book he’d only gotten three pages into. Taking the shovel, he dug a shallow hole in the shade of the umbrella, then grabbed a bucket.
Wondered if he might still need to steel himself for that possibility. “It’s called Purgatory for a reason. It’s my penance.”
Rolling his eyes, Cas moved his jacket aside and sat down. “I think the machine is defective, I could’ve done it.”
“That’s a fucking lie and you know it,” Dean cut in. “You were thinking about me, huh, when you left me for a damn year in here? Nearly got myself killed trying to find you and what do you do now? You act like an asshole, can’t even be grateful I found a way out!”
“Want me to do yours?” Claire asked, and Dean snapped his attention back to her. She was holding a bottle of nail polish, others lined up next to her on the table, and he froze, realizing what she was suggesting.
engaged to Cas.” Jack finished off his cookie. “Cas told me, when he came back from Zara’s kingdom.”
But Dean had said there was no one else. Castiel had thought hearing those words would bring more relief, but Dean said them like it didn’t matter that they’d been the only ones for each other for a long time now; it didn’t change anything, mean anything. Once again, he'd expected too much.
“Dean is very caring,” he spoke up, taking care to keep his voice low, and Benny’s eyes snapped to him. “You’re taking advantage of his giving nature.”
And Dean thought he was the luckiest of all to get Cas as a friend-plus-more. He found the angel sitting in the library, reading a Pottery Barn magazine, the picture of contentment.
“Screw it," Dean said, and propped himself up on an elbow to kiss him. Then he shifted, turning over and pulling Cas’ arm to wrap around him. Even if the bastard
Trucks whizzed past on the highway a few yards away, and Castiel leaned back against the brick wall of the motel he’d stopped at for the night. He’d been trying to quit smoking for some time now, but he’d picked up the habit years ago in high school and couldn’t drop it. He looked down at the cigarette in his fingers and wondered if Anna had been right.
"No, no." Cas leveled him with a glare, but it had lost its bite now that Dean knew he couldn't strike him dead with his angel grace. Okay, it was still pretty menacing. "I'm trying to save your ass. Sam will kill you if you sneeze on his laptop or precious books. Come on, take off the coat, you gotta be burning up."
Whether he had affected Dean’s view of Benny or not, Castiel did not know. (Most likely not; he hadn’t had any luck so far, he doubted he would now). One thing he
The clock on the nightstand read 5:08 a.m. One more hour before he had to get up. He should try to get more rest, but he didn’t think any more sleep was coming for him. Cas was tucked against his side and his arm had fallen asleep where it was pinned under Cas’ shoulder, but Dean wouldn’t move. He’d finagled his route to be able to see Cas tonight, dropped off a shipment in Omaha and drove half an hour to this motel. Even one night apart had felt too long; he’d gotten too used to this, knew he needed to pull himself away. Not yet, though. He couldn’t yet.
One of the reasons he’d always felt so drawn to Dean: they had so much in common. The idea had seemed absurd at first; how could a human and an angel ever be similar? Didn’t seem absurd anymore, seemed comforting. That even now, Dean would try to relate to him.
“In five days.” Leaning back in his chair, he studied a chip in the paint where the wall met the floor. “Going up north, so we won’t cross paths.”
Collecting the stones on the ground, he tossed some aside, placed some back in his pocket, clinking softly. “Dean’s father, John,” he mused aloud, “he taught Dean and Sam to kill every monster they came across. All were evil. It has taken them time to relearn that lesson. They believe some are trying to be good people, trying to fight against their monstrous nature.”
His dad despised love, but he loved Dean’s mom. He preached the worst side of love because he lived it. He loved Mary and so he hunted to avenge her death, became reckless and selfish.
Dean held open the door to the diner for Cas. “Doubt it’ll be much of a retirement. Probably most of the same, keep hanging around the shop. He’s got a sweet deal, giving me all the finances and shit to deal with.”
Long time since he’d gotten to speak to Dean like that, easily. Long time since he’d made Dean smile.
Seven years had snuck up on him. Longer than he could’ve ever asked for, would’ve ever expected. Seven years of talking on the radio while passing each other on highways, of meeting at motels with creaky beds, of catching sight of each other in noisy truck stops.
Stepping outside, he squinted a little in the sunlight. Cas sat in their usual spot—on the curb lining the back lot, under the shade of a tree with hanging branches.
A fantasy flitted through his mind. Traveling through this forest forever, solely Dean by his side. If they had no thin thread hope of escape, would they grow resigned to eternity here? Grow worn and soiled until they were indiscernible from the creatures which prowled around them? Dependent on each other; understanding each other?
Castiel’s blade was in his hand without a conscious thought, and the vampire slowed to a stop and turned to face him, crossing his arms, not even bothering to lift his own weapon. Infuriating, his nonchalance.
“Thanks, cher,” Benny said, and Castiel dug his fingers into the dirt, making deep grooves. “You good?”
At first she thought that was some baby talk, then she realized Jack was into pop music. Ugh. But it
“Think we’ve had enough of the ocean for one day.” He held out Jack’s bucket. “You wanna play in the sand?”
Sam cleared his throat and the bodyguard standing behind Zara’s chair glowered at Dean. Dean glared back.
“Same here. Well, I stayed for a little longer than one drink. And a few pool games. Shoulda known that asshole would be a sore loser.”
Right, that was it. Dean felt his shoulders relax. “You don’t gotta worry about me, Bobby. I ain’t like that. I know what I want. I wanna quit driving, I wanna work at a shop. I’m not having second thoughts.”
“Kinda wish…” Cas trailed off. Someone hopped on channel 19, and Dean heard the echo on Cas’ end. “Kinda wish you’d told me earlier. Never woulda suggested teaming up on drives, if I knew.”
“Whaddya mean? Guy was broken up that you didn’t get out.” Sag in his shoulders, empty look behind his eyes, even as he smiled, hugged Benny.
A tiny alarm went off in Dean's brain about germs, but he returned to the bed to kiss Cas on the forehead anyway. True love, and all that. God, he was getting sappy in his old age.
Dean nodded. Cas drew his hands back to rub Dean’s shoulders as they watched Jack jump up and down excitedly as the girl broke free of the sand once more, yelling, “Again!”
Again, unhelpful. But Castiel didn’t know why he was looking for answers from a vampire anyway. He followed them away from the werewolf corpse. He didn't know if he'd ever get through to Dean. Maybe he should stop trying and, if he couldn't give Dean what he wanted, at least let him believe what he wished.
“During our time—” Dean was interrupted by Zara clapping her hands. Instantly, the bunker door opened to admit a line of other Djinn who filed down the stairs, all carrying baskets or trunks or cases.
The school yard was alive with kids yelling, laughing, swinging, playing hopscotch, and skipping rope. Dean idled close to the curb, scanning the yard through the fence. He was well aware that he and Cas looked extremely suspicious now, but he hoped the school parking pass hanging from the rearview mirror helped prove they weren't creeps. Just overly protective parents. Which was only a bit better.
“And we don’t want a swarm of them,” Dean spoke up, guessing what he was thinking. Cas looked at him. “They’ll snatch Jack up and fly away with him.”
Tossing his oven mitts to the side, Dean cut a slice and wordlessly slid the plate to Cas. Cas stared at him like he had two heads. “Figured you might want to try it,” he said. “See what the molecules taste like.” In truth, he was stalling. He didn’t know what to say to Cas, how to share his recent epiphany that yes, he
“When you say it like that…” Resting his forearms on his knees, Dean stared out at the water. He’d been telling himself for so long that he and Cas wouldn’t last—not wanting to get his hopes up, not wanting to hold any expectations that might disappoint him—that it felt foreign now to think this might not end, that he could have more if he wanted it. A little exhilarating too.
And then he was gone. Benny stared at the empty space where he once stood. A thin, yellowed map rustled against the nails pinning it to the wall.
“I had my reasons,” he tried. “I thought. I thought I had to.” He had been all alone. Kicked out of Heaven, unneeded in Dean’s life.
Even more surprising, Dean didn’t react in anger or surprise, just grinned wider and stumbled a little as Benny stepped away.
Dean finally straightened and pushed his boots to the side. “Listen, that sounds great, really, and I would, but...”
The leaf rose upwards, drawing his eyes to the top of the ridge where a patch of open sky shimmered. A gash, forming in midair, growing to reveal an interior of pale blue light.
“Look, all I'm saying is I started seeing something in humanity, okay? Something that shouldn't be taken. I drink blood. But I don't drink from people that ain’t givin it to me, and I ain’t killin’ anyone for their blood.”
Did he not understand? They were trapped, he could feel this place closing in on all sides. “Dean, I can't.”
“It’s Friendship Day today and I want to make one for Claire.” He looked at the yarn in his hands which Dean could now tell was threaded together into a pattern. “And Kaia and Alex and Jody and Donna.” He sighed dramatically. “I have a lot to do.”
Ducking inside, Dean rolled his eyes. “Figured I either drove tonight or tomorrow morning, may as well get a few miles in tonight since I didn’t drive all day.” He shut the door and looked him over. “Were you asleep?”
“Whaddya mean winner? This is just supposed to be a fun thing.” That was a lie. They could, and did, turn everything into a competition. “Worst drawing has to pay for snacks at the next stop.”
Cas shifted away and Dean couldn’t resist turning onto his side and wrapping an arm around him. “It’s fine.”
Cas nodded, and across the table, Jack tore into his meal, seemingly not worried at all that the Djinn had prepared it. Sam gave Dean a pointed look and Dean rolled his eyes. So, Zara and her crew weren’t evil and apparently didn’t mean them any harm. Didn’t mean Dean was going to fall over himself trying to be friends.
Which was worse? Those tortuous punishments or a long, drawn out eternity spent in this place between Heaven and Hell? It was his rebellion, after all, that had caused him to end up here. The freedom here was a twisted kind; one fulfilled only in violence and bloodlust. Not that he deserved a life of freedom.
“‘Course not.” They got under the covers and Dean tapped the wall to his right. “Wish this bed was bigger. Why do they always have to be so damn narrow?”
Scraped his blade slow. “Found something better. Someone. Believe it or not, made me think I could have a different life. One without, you know,” gestured to his fangs, “the bloodsucking and all.”
Jack jumped as a wave traveled up to his feet, sending water splashing. Dean had only been to the beach a handful of times in his lifetime, and all those times had been with Sam when they were younger and would dare each other to plunge into the freezing water, or would bury each other in the sand. Their dad hated hated the mess sand made, so they never stayed for long, and hated crowds, so they never went to any public beaches like this where you had to pay for a tag to get in and your blanket was two feet from someone else’s.
that she was busy, real busy. “I heard you’re driving,” she said and he wondered for a moment how she knew.
His dad taught him that, but Dean loved him. No matter how many times Dad screamed at him or hit him or put him down, Dean loved him. Even when he was screaming back or shoving or cursing his name, he loved him. Because he was his dad.
He walked off with that, as if that was all there was to say. Castiel knew it would never be that simple, never was.
Cas huffed and Dean could only keep up the ruse for a few more seconds before lifting the edge of the blanket. “Come on, get under.”
“I doubt you could maintain that diet for long. It’s unnatural for your kind. You crave blood from the source.” He nodded at Dean.
“Nah, it’s not that important. Just, uh. Friendship Day. Jack told me. He’s making friendship bracelets for Claire and Charlie and everyone.”
By the time Castiel broke away to turn off the light, Dean was half-hard, and in the dark he lost no time in letting his hands roam, Castiel returning the favor, hastily kissing each other, finding each other’s mouths in the dark, the sheets whispering against their movements.
Maybe he was only imagining it; Cas had said, after all, that he was happy for him. The thing was, Dean had been so focused on telling Cas that he was quitting, that he forgot to wonder about what followed next. So, he might see Cas again tonight. And then, what? Say goodbye? For how long?
It wasn’t the first time, Castiel realized with a rush of distress that made his world twist. Nearly one year, Dean and Benny had traveled together.
“Hey!” Dean exclaimed. Castiel started for Benny, but Dean grabbed his arm and yanked him around. “Don’t.”
“You’re right.” Lifting her arms, she announced, “Free hugs over here!” People around them laughed, and someone took her up on the offer, telling her, “You’ve got a lovely family.”
Sam was away visiting Eileen, so he and Cas got stuck spending the next two hours going over the case information, trying to figure out what the monster was. They finally settled on vetala, a whole pack of them, and after instructing the hunter on how to kill them, Dean hung up the phone.
Distracting himself from the feeling, he slipped a hand between them and began to pump himself. He didn’t want to come too soon, not with the sounds Dean was making, not with the ache building deep inside him, not when it’d been so long. They hadn’t had enough time when they saw each other last, hadn’t had time to take it slow, not in a long time. He wanted to watch the way a flush grew across Dean's chest, wanted to make Dean duck his head with a groan and lose his rhythm when he squeezed tight around him, draw Dean's attention by stroking his fist slow over his own length, watch a droplet of water slip from a strand of Dean's hair down his neck.
“You must be Dean Winchester,” she said. “Castiel told me about you.” Reaching the bottom of the staircase, she extended her hand palm down, and Dean stared at it. He settled on shaking it, unsure whether she was expecting him to bow or kiss her hand.
Meg rolled her eyes. “Where is Clarence, though, seriously? Swore I saw him at the Love’s yesterday.”
“I’m not fully… here yet,” Castiel said, dropping his hands. “I think Dean saw me, but then I lost my grip on this plane. I’ve been hovering in between for some time now.”
He wanted directives, but the other angels would rather smite him than welcome him again into their fold. Here, at least, he had a mission, one as familiar as the rasp of his blade dropping from his sleeve. Had staked his life and reputation on one solemn duty: care for and protect the righteous man.
“Damn foolish if you believe that,” Benny muttered. Tensions high, one attack after another, their progress slowed to a crawl. Castiel straightened from wiping his blade on the trampled grass.
“Nothing.” Bobby started to speak and, tired of all the questions, Dean cut him off, “None of your business, Bobby, I’m fine.”
The Impala broke down on Route 66, and the asphalt radiated heat as he ducked under the hood. Cas hovered at his side and he realized he didn't have the tools to fix her.
“You’re bonded to him, Castiel.” He met her eyes, and Hariel tried to make her words sound genuine. “And this connection has led you astray before, yes, but Naomi sees now that you are an asset. Your relationship with Dean and his brother is an asset.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean pulled out his phone and handed it over, said, “What’ve you been doing since I saw you last?” Two months, if he wasn’t mistaken. They’d met up outside St. Louis.
Lightning split the night, and the hairs on the back of Castiel’s neck rose at the static electricity buzzing in the air.
Dean broke into a grin and straightened off the truck, patted Cas on the shoulder. “You should try getting more jobs coast to coast. That’s usually my route.”
“Love you too,” Cas said, heading around the building to the main road. He turned to wave and call, “See you tonight.”
Dean felt his face warm. He didn’t know how Cas could just say it. So plainly. No fear. But it must’ve felt like such a relief for Cas to finally get the words out; Dean wanted to know what that was like.
A clinking noise drew Dean’s attention to where Zara was standing at the head of the table, tapping a glass with a spoon. The room grew quiet and she announced, “I want to say thank you to the Winchesters and my betrothed Castiel for so graciously welcoming us into their home. I hope this meal marks the beginning of a wonderful alliance between us Djinn and the hunters. Now let us eat!”
"Family recipe," Dean joked, sitting down next to him. "Well, someone's family. Straight from some blog online. Think it's pretty close to what my mom would make." He watched Cas pick up his spoon, and added, "Don't tell Sam." He'd never hear the end of it if Sam knew he was reading mommy blogs.
“Unfortunately, I believe that’s the point,” Cas said, sitting down and giving Jack his Happy Meal. “We don’t have the best track record with these sort of things.”
Cas held the door open for someone to leave, then entered. His eyes met Dean’s and though his expression didn’t reveal much, Dean thought he was holding back a smile. Dean nodded at him in greeting and Cas nodded back before heading into the convenience store.
Castiel ducked, raised his hand to shield himself from the flying droplets. Silence. All three dead.
Donna beamed. “Why yes I do.” She pulled Claire into a half-hug that Claire resisted, protesting the whole time. “Come here, Sam,” she said, yanking Sam into a hug that he had to nearly fold himself in half for. Everyone else got their turn, then she turned to Dean, holding out her arms.
“Probably gotten used to me being gone all the time by now, I hope. Been driving long enough. I’m gonna have to get used to staying in one place for longer than a week and a half.”
Realizing he was staring, Dean broke his gaze. “Yeah, now that you mention it, you do look familiar.” He glanced back at the door and gestured to it. “Well, um. Back to the cold.”
He lifted Jack up to kneel on the table, and, gripping his whisk in one fist, Jack began stirring the mix and water together—if jabbing the bowl could be called stirring.
Turning his head, Castiel studied Dean, who kept shifting to get comfortable, resting his blade on his thighs. What had happened to him in the months they’d been apart? He still believed leaving Dean’s side had been necessary, but regret, always brimming just under the surface, swelled now in his chest to the point of physical pain. Maybe he was only trying to convince himself he had been right in leaving Dean; he’d done his fair share of explaining away his own mistakes before, never to good results.
“Enough of this shit,” Dean grumbled, mouthing under Cas’ jaw. “We’re getting a motel room next time.”
"Yeah, well, wish he didn't have to deal with any of it." Any of it meant plenty. Between Dean’s own fuckups, world apocalypses, and near-death and actual death experiences, Cas had been through the ringer several times over. And now he was human—which, by all counts, wasn’t the worst thing he’d been through, but it wasn’t ideal. It’d been a rough transition, anyway.
Frowning, Cas took it from him and pulled out two packets of seeds. “Tomato seeds?” he asked, studying them.
No one other than Castiel. But his voice, his reasoning, had no power here, with Dean. Realized he didn’t want to speak anyway, loathe to disturb the tenuous breathlessness of this moment.
the vampire withdrew his fangs. He swiped with his thumb at a trickle of blood running from the bite marks and sucked at it. Catching Dean’s eyes, he grinned, and Dean returned the smile weakly.
Still, a stone sat heavy in his gut. It was Cas’ shock, that’s what had fazed him. Like Cas had thought this, their arrangement, would go on forever. Maybe Dean had thought that too.
Dean grimaced, but chose the cinnamon sugar and corn flake one. Why that was even a combination was beyond him. Bracing himself, he took a bite. Okay. Dry. Pretty bland. Crunchy which was just
Benny lifted his head, a line of saliva connecting his mouth to Dean’s cock. “Wanna join, you can.” Grinned, dangerously. “Feeling generous.”
Released suddenly from its grip, Castiel stumbled backwards. The Leviathan body thudded to the ground to reveal Dean holding his blade, breathing heavy. The other Leviathan surged forward and Castiel shoved it towards Dean. Dean grabbed its arm and swung his blade, decapitating it as well.
“Yeah, I saw you on my last route. You passed me on I-70. Was kinda hoping we’d run into each other again.”
“Don’t touch it,” he warned as Jack held out a finger. Grabbing a shovel, he went to scoop up the crab, but Cas said,
“He’s going to do great,” Cas said, sounding a little too much like he was trying to convince himself.
Hovering his hand over the wound, Castiel watched the skin knit back together and the spilt blood fade. “This is all my fault—”
The thought should’ve been a comforting one, but instead he felt antsy, unable to stay still, shifting under the blankets.
“Okay,” Dean said, slowly, unsure if he was understanding this correctly. Cas looked a little guilty. “Care to elaborate, Cas?”
How could Castiel resist the crack in his voice? Knew any world without his younger brother, no matter how safe and calm, would feel empty. Maybe selfishness, on Castiel’s part. What use did Dean have for him in the still aftermath? But if he could return Sam to him, perhaps Dean would look at him like a savior once again.
The other angels recoiled at the sight of his disfigured true form. A series of mistakes had led him here, but he regretted them with every inch of his being.
Only a mile away. On the bank of the river. His heart pounded and his wings drooped, exhausted even after such a short flight. His legs felt shaky, so he sat on the rough sand, dropping the last few feet to sit hard.
Benny burst out laughing and, turning red, Dean swatted Castiel’s hand away. “That—It’s. Just a saying.”
It felt a little easier to breathe now, his chest not so tight. The crowds around them didn’t seem so threatening, just smiling people with their families like he was with his. Eileen cheered as a float passed with an Irish LGBTQ+ coalition, and Dean smiled, easier now, not forced.
They ate dinner that way, easy conversation. It was warm, the heater beneath the windows humming, and even when he’d finished eating, Dean found himself staying in his seat instead of making his way back to his truck. Whether he was stalling because of the cold or something else, he didn’t want to analyze, just leaned back in his chair as they talked.
Laying now in the sleeper next to Dean, he reached out and gently traced invisible lines with the pad of his finger from one freckle to the next, moving close to see them in the dim lighting.
“Hey!” he protested, storming into the room. “No weapons allowed in here. You don’t wanna start something with us, this is our home turf.”
“I lie, I don't get lied to,” Benny said, tapping the side of his blade against his shoulder as he walked. “Aren't you guys all about faith?”
He found a few free spots at the back of the lot and pulled in next to another rig. Slinging his bag holding a change of clothes and toiletries over his shoulder, he headed across the lot to the truck stop. His joints felt a little stiff from sitting the majority of the day, but he was used to the aches and pains by now, and, anyway, a long driving day was worth it to get here by tonight.
Now with a goal, they began creating sand castles strategically, placing them in a large circle. Jack helped pat the dirt down into the buckets before turning them over.
“Car got rear-ended while trying to merge. Right in front of me, I had to swerve into the other lane, thank god there was no one right behind me—” He crossed his arms and Dean realized his hands were shaking. “There were kids in the car, Dean,” he said.
Desperation, he thought. He had abandoned Dean and Dean had nowhere else to turn. Guilt gripped his chest at the sight of blood trickling from the wound Benny had made on Dean’s neck.
Wiping his hands, Benny glanced down at his phone, which shone up at him, open on Dean’s contact information. Two unanswered calls. Had Dean’s voicemail memorized by now, always hung up before the tone.
Benny broke their silence. “Well, next time we find a river, can help you out. Get rid of the backwoods look.”
Castiel knelt by Dean’s side. Blood had dried over new bite marks, and he touched Dean’s neck lightly, right under the wound. He concentrated hard to heal him, then let his fingers rest on his pulse for several seconds, counting the heartbeats.
He held Dean’s gaze, trying to convey as much sincerity as he felt, hoping Dean understood what he meant, what he saw. How much love there was in Dean, how much he cared for others. He loved so deeply, and his family was lucky to be on the receiving end of it.
And normally she would’ve said no way because hanging out with old guys was lame and she didn’t like little kids, but she needed an excuse to get out of Jody and Donna’s weekend plans of cleaning out the garage. Plus, Kaia needed to study for a test—she actually enjoyed school, the weirdo—and had requested no distractions.
“Shit, shit, shit.” Instantly, Dean scooped him up as Jack began wailing. His arms flailed and Dean wiped water from his face. “Okay, nope, this was a bad idea,” he said, desperately trying to calm him down.
“Where is it?” he demanded, crouching over him, one knee pressed hard into the werewolf’s chest, blade pressed to his neck again.
Dean. Benny was drinking from Dean, and Castiel hadn’t bat an eye. Hadn’t protested, had hardly given them a glance when Benny slid a hand under Dean’s shirt, gripping him tight to suck the blood from his veins.
Sitting down on a slanted log next to Dean, he considered asking Benny if the weather ever changed here, but that would require actually talking to him. Dean, of course, did not have the same reluctance.
‘course Dean had to get all sappy and make it awkward. Cas probably hadn’t even noticed how long it’d been.
“I’m not going to let him go in, just along the edge.” Cas pulled Jack’s hand gently, coaxing him to step into the waves sliding up the shore.
“Don’t you think I deserved to know?” Cas pressed. “I mean, I’ve known you for seven years now. I like to think we're good friends, at the very least."
Cas lifted his head and stared at him, looking similarly stunned. “Pretty easy for you to move on, isn’t it?”
When Dean stilled inside him and pulled out with a quiet groan, Castiel reached back and pulled at him. Dean lay down on him, weight pressing him into the mattress, mouth hot against his skin.
Benny scoffed. “You’re whipped. This bastard wasn’t worth the trouble of finding and he sure as hell ain’t worth trying to drag through the portal.”
“There you go,” Dean urged. Bit his lip as Benny took him deeper. Tentatively, Castiel rubbed his thumb over the head of his cock and startled a groan out of his own mouth. “Shit,” Dean swore through gritted teeth.
Stepped out from a tangle of bushes and paused. Benny had one hand gripping Dean’s jacket, kissing him. Had him pressed back against a tree.
“Hello.” He began placing the seeds into the containers and Dean stood there awkwardly, watching. Maybe planting the seeds was a sign; maybe this meant Cas was planning to stay. Or maybe it meant Cas was going to take his tomato plants with him to Zara’s kingdom.
Castiel touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead and glared at Benny as he healed the bite marks. “Cher,” he said, returning his gaze to Dean. “That means dear. Or beloved, even.”
Second playgroup, Cas had gotten in a fiery debate over the ethicality of beekeeping, and what was Dean supposed to do? Not back him up? He hadn't known you could get kicked out of the zoo for "disorderly conduct."
Wiping his face with his trenchcoat sleeve, he joined them. Hariel repressed a shudder, forced herself not to cringe away from his crooked wings and disfigured form.
“Guess this is where we split up then.” That got Cas’s attention, a quick glance over his shoulder. “I’ve gotta reach Indianapolis by tonight, drop ‘n hook, then straight back to Minneapolis.”
He wouldn’t give Benny the satisfaction of admitting his thoughts, though, so he stayed silent, picked at the bark on the log. Benny huffed. “I get it. You're worried what I might do if we make it topside. Like I already told Dean, by the time I got iced, I was strictly on blood transfusions, donated blood. Not donated to me, I'll give you that, but I paid good black-market scratch for it.”
“Lookin’ a little shook up there, Cas,” Benny said, voice derisive. “Kinda got the jump on you, didn’t it?”
In response, Castiel snuck his own hand down Dean’s pants, and Dean didn’t think there needed to be any more words on the subject.
Swallowing them down, he glanced around the kitchen for rescue. Cas was helping Donna pack water bottles because “It’s gonna be hot out there,” but he must’ve felt Dean’s gaze because he looked over and gave him a reassuring smile. No judgement in his eyes, or Claire's either, for that matter. He had a feeling he wouldn't find any judgement in this kitchen, which should've been a relief, but he had a hard time trusting it.
Dean bristled at the underlying meaning in her words—Cas had no place with him and Sam. They were just gross humans.
Ridiculous statement. He nearly started backtracking it, but then Castiel’s serious gaze cracked into a small smile. And then Castiel laughed—and it struck Benny that he hadn’t heard him laugh the whole time they traveled together.
, he thought, brushing his teeth in the sickly, yellow light of the bathroom. What was the worst that could happen? Castiel would kick him out and he’d sleep in his truck. It’s what he’d expected to do tonight anyway.
Caliginous sky—a deepening shade so slight and slow, it took a careful eye to ascertain. When the ground grew too obscure to walk carefully, they stopped for the night.
Jack crawled over to where Cas lay on his stomach on the blanket and kept quiet as Cas read aloud from a book on environmentalism. Despite the lack of pictures—or maybe because he got so bored—Jack’s eyes soon fell shut and Cas fell silent, shutting his book to adjust Jack’s shirt from where it’d ridden up over his stomach.
Twenty-four years ago in Mankato, Minnesota, Dean killed a wendigo with a bottle of Jack and a lighter. He told Cas this, how the flames lit the inside of the cave and his dad had to drag him out because he suddenly couldn’t move, how he stayed silent for a week even though his dad begged him to speak.
“Yeah.” Cas fiddled with the tab on the top of his can. “I wasn’t able to visit long, just for the afternoon.”
Dean, for all his grumbling, didn’t turn down the music, and Claire caught him glancing at Cas, who tapped his fingers on his thigh to the beat. Dean looked like he was fighting back a smile and Claire rolled her eyes. Dude was so whipped.
Benny did so, and Castiel watched as Dean’s expression softened, body going slack. Despite himself, he felt a surge of jealousy in his chest. A long time since he held Dean close, true form surrounding Dean, knitting his body back together, tucking his soul into his chest. A holy, pure act, stark contrast to the carnal one presented to him now.
“Jack, no!” Dean called, seeing Jack stick his fingers in his mouth. “I’m so getting sick,” he muttered under his breath.
Thankfully, he seemed to have worn himself out because his digging soon slowed to a stop as his head drooped comically. Cas called, “Come on, Jack, you want me to read to you?”
“Just eat two more nuggets,” Cas told him. He picked up his filet-o-fish sandwich and glanced at Dean. “What?”
The sun glinted in Dean’s side mirror, piercing bright as it hung low in the sky. Rolling his shoulders, he glanced at the time. 4:12 p.m. Around 10 a.m., he’d dropped off his trailer, picked up a new one, and gotten back on the road. Still a few hours before he’d stop for the night.
“It’s freezing. Supposed to snow tonight.” With any luck, it’d just flurry and he wouldn’t be caught out in a storm, could get his new shipment and get back on the road.
“Don’t worry about it.” Though done tying the handkerchief, he held onto Castiel’s hand. Castiel didn’t know whether as comfort or to ensure he stayed put. His grace had slowed its frantic writhing. He wouldn’t leave, not now.
“Yes, yeah, of course,” Dean hastened to say, because it was true. Fuck, it couldn’t be truer. “Of course. Just feel bad, I guess. That you gave up your grace and all that. Feel like I’ve hardly done anything.”
Repairing Dean’s body and soul was all raw power, thrumming energy stimulating his grace. What would it feel like, taste like, to take Dean’s essence inside his vessel in the way Benny did now? Warm, slow melding of their heartbeats.
Dean laughed. “Yup, you get it.” Feeling generous, he slung his arm over Cas’ shoulders, patting him on the back before pulling away.
A stone dug into his back. Grass scratched at his ankles, his skin exposed where his pant legs rode up. Hands at his sides, he thumbed at the wispy grass stems.
Dean’s face flushed, but it was either speak now or regret it forever. “I know I said you should leave with Zara, but I didn’t mean it.”
“You know, I saw you a few weeks ago,” he said, flicking the bathroom light off as he stepped back into the room.
Slowly, he stepped back, keeping his blade drawn, and Dean lowered his hand, posture tense. “Where are we headed?” Castiel asked.
"Hey, Jack," Cas said. "Help me pick out stuff to put in our pretzels." Successfully distracted, Jack clambered over to him and Cas carried him to the pantry.
Instead, he went behind the truck to sit on the curb and smoke. It was too fucking cold, but maybe part of him hoped Dean would come out of the bar and then... He didn’t know what he would do then. He just didn’t want this to be over.
“So this escape hatch,” Dean said, sitting down on a wide rock by the stream. “We don’t know exactly where it is, but Benny’s got a general idea—right, Benny?”
Cas was tracing the floral design on the bedspread with his finger, and Dean hoped he wouldn’t be able to say it. But maybe it was better to have out with it than to keep skirting around the edges, pretending not to know everything was going to change. He'd known this would happen—he had ruined it all or was going to ruin it all or maybe there was nothing to ruin and he should stop reading so much into everything, should take a breath and grin and say it was good while it’d lasted. His chest felt tight.
Krista started laughing and, face burning, Castiel crouched to collect the fallen peaches, bags banging against his knees. “Sorry, I’m so sorry, I’ll pay for these. Jack, say sorry.”
“Good. Then it’s settled.” Nothing was settled, but maybe Dean too wanted an easy answer, an easy fix. “It’s settled.”
That was an offensive comparison—likening him to a child. But he pushed aside that insult for an important question.
“Then why do we keep acting like it isn’t true?” Cas sounded as frustrated with himself as with Dean. “Seven years is a long fucking time, Dean. A long time to keep each other at a distance.”
“Cas.” He hesitated and Cas was silent on the other end. “Where are you? Did you leave Wisconsin yet?”
“Okay,” Jack said, kicking at loose gravel with his cowboy boots. He had picked out his outfit himself—boots with bee socks, jeans with sunflower patches, and a blue t-shirt with a green brontosaurus. Complete with a Barbie backpack, his outfit was truly… colorful. A lot for the eyes to handle at once.
Trying for casual, not desperate, Castiel asked, “Do you think maybe we can meet up again, before then?”
“If you don’t stop talking, I will send you to sleep whether you want me to or not,” Castiel told him.
Castiel shrugged, tried to bite back his smile. “Just happy you decided to show. Been too fucking long.”
God was no longer a distant father, but his son who viewed the world with maturity and wonder. A young boy learning to find his own balance of angelic nature and humanity, willing to learn and teaching Castiel so much through his open-eyed view of the world.
Cas looked up at him, a worried expression on his face. “Are you alright, Dean? You disappeared all day.”
Dean couldn’t help following his gaze. Eileen climbed onto Sam’s back and splashed water at Cas, who ducked under the waves. The sun was lowering in the sky, casting the waves in pink and orange. A breeze blew Jack’s hair back from his forehead, and he clutched at the shell, blue eyes gazing intently at the waves.
“Stings like a bitch,” Dean said, his voice strained. Castiel’s head snapped up to see him force a laugh. “All good.”
Setting down his mug with a sigh, Dean started rooting through the yarn, choosing different colors. Friendship Day. At another time, he would’ve told Jack he didn’t have any friends to make bracelets for. That wasn’t true anymore; the bunker was always getting visitors—hunters from other states, Benny, Charlie, Jody, Donna or one of the girls.
Bloodlust and frenzy in its eyes, the vampire rushed forward with a snarl. A step to the side to avoid claws and teeth sent the creature off-balance, and Dean swung his blade down.
“Me either!” Jack said. “But Google said it was today and I have a lot of friends so I need to celebrate.” He weaved the orange and red threads together. “You should make one!”
Spurred on by the way Castiel’s fingers worked on him, he reached his edge before long, finally giving in at the gasp Castiel made coming first in his fist, shuddering against him.
Dean nodded. “Don’t know what I’m gonna tell him.” He gestured around and his weapon cut an arc through the air. “I mean, how the fuck do you describe this place?”
“Yes, but you have a plan.” Rolling over, Cas stared up at the ceiling. Dean followed his gaze. The water stain looked like a splotch now. “
Castiel nodded. That, he supposed, was Dean’s way of telling him he’d been disappointed they couldn’t see each other. He wondered how much he could read into Dean driving to see him—how much of the motivation was just Dean wanting to get laid, how much was Dean wanting to see him.
Wiping his hands on a rag, Dean kissed him when he stopped at his side. “Give me two seconds, okay?”
It hadn’t been lost on him that Dean had given him a nickname the night they met. A little flustered, he managed, “Dean.”
“It was creeping me out.” He shook the bag of goldfish. “Come on, Jack, leave the birds alone." Jack turned at the sound of the bag and stopped jabbering to return for more goldfish.
“Fuck.” He rubbed his eyes with the base of his palms. Cas had said he loved him, Cas had said there was no way Dean didn’t feel anything towards him.
Benny dug his fingers into Dean’s neck, sucking harder, and Dean let out a quiet moan, gripping onto Benny’s hand pressed against his stomach.
"No." Cas squinted one eye open to look at Dean over the blanket pulled up to his shoulders, and, fuck, if he wasn't still the most beautiful man Dean had ever seen, even sick as a dog. "Thank you."
i'd love to know your thoughts in the comments! your kudos and comments give me life and motivation as always <33
“Nope,” Dean said, trying to distract him with another sand castle. “If you wanna go swim, go,” he told Cas.
“Take that back,” Cas snapped, and if he wasn’t human, Dean would’ve expected his eyes to start glowing fiery blue. Denise’s eyes grew wide, her grip on Tommy’s shoulder tightening.
Rage should’ve risen in his chest at Benny’s words, refutes spilling from his lips: an angel was intrinsically different from a monster. Powerful forms beyond human comprehension. Holy. But instead he remembered the slide of a blade into his chest when Dean first saw his physical form. No more than a monster to Dean in that moment.
The cigarette crackled thinly as Cas inhaled. Dean watched a plastic bag tumble over itself and get tangled in the shopping cart’s wheels. The parking lot lights made odd shadows out of the whole affair.
“Um, we don’t have attendants,” Cas said. He looked to Dean for help, and when Dean didn’t offer any assistance—Cas
“Yes,” he told her. It was true enough—he had steady work, tiring work, but one with a decent paycheck, and he didn’t have any friends, but if he did, he wouldn’t have much time to see them so maybe it was all for the best, and he hadn’t gotten laid in months, could fit everything he owned into one duffel bag, hadn’t had a home-cooked meal in god knew how long, and—but Anna didn’t need to know all that. “I’m… I’m good.”
Smiling a little, he went to turn off his phone screen, then paused and scrolled up through the rest of their texts. All the same. Room numbers, motel names, truck stops. Long gaps between messages when they were across the country from each other.
“Calling what off? There isn’t anything to call off! Thought we agreed there’s no chance of anything else happening.”
Cas turned his wrist to study the bracelet more closely. “I think it’s a wonderful sentiment. I didn’t know you were skilled at bracelet making.”
Castiel twisted his fingers together over his chest. He knew he should shut up, go clean himself off, leave it be. Still, he pressed, “In a week, though? So soon?”
Dean shook him off and stepped away, adjusting his collar. “Don’t matter how we got here, we’re getting out.”
He remembered a vision Jack had shown him—when Jack still lay in his mother’s womb, when the unborn child’s very presence seemed a threat.
“That isn’t true,” Cas insisted, shifting to face him fully. “It’s a choice, Dean, it’s not you. We could make it work if you wanted to.” He stopped short of asking if Dean
His heartbeat slowly settled. The blanket’s weight was strangely comforting, warm, trapping him under the covers. Forced to stay still, he felt his limbs slowly relax into the mattress, the tenseness in his shoulders dissipating, his back easing and hands curling loosely along the sheets.
“No, Cas. Hey, look at me.” Dean cupped his face, returned his gaze back to him. “Look at me. You’re okay.”
Returning to shore, he wrung the water from his clothes and stooped to pick up the top stone from his tower, slip it into his pocket.
Meg raised an eyebrow. “Damn, I don’t believe it. How much you wanna bet that you’ll only last a month before you’re back on the road?”
His heart thudded in his chest as he studied Cas' profile. “Did you mean it? Do you… Do you still mean it?”
Dean swallowed hard. “There isn’t anyone else." Quieter, he admitted, “There hasn’t been anyone else for a long time.”
“Yeah, guess so,” Dean said dryly. His hand went to his earlobe. “Pierced it myself, in high school.”
“Mhm. But I won’t be surprised if it’s a while before I see her again. We just don’t have a lot in common. Not like we were ever good friends. Her and my brothers, they’re all older than me, and they all have their own lives. I’ve never really been close with them.”
Angry at him, rather than at the vampire who leeched off his blood. Shame coursed through Castiel. If only he could deliver Dean out of this place without Benny. If only he had never opened the gate to Purgatory, if only he had not allowed his hubris to grow larger than his own true form. If only…
Castiel felt hot shame run through him. Dean didn’t care as much as he did, didn’t understand. Still, he said, “Didn’t know it was such a pain to see me.”
“That’s not what I meant—” Dean huffed. “Listen, I don’t have fucking time for this, I’m tired. Just didn’t work out this time. We’ll get another chance.”
He let go of the radio button and after a stretch of road, it crackled back to life. “Think you’ll ever get married again?”
Or maybe Cas was even drunker than he was, because he nodded and wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck. “I like being with you too,” he said, and didn’t that beat all.
The werewolf spluttered and choked, body jerking up around the blade. Dean twisted it, then yanked it out, and the monster slumped on the ground. Benny stepped forward and, with a final swing, severed its head.
“I’m fine,” Dean said, interrupting his rant. Castiel looked at him incredulously. “Don’t gotta babysit me. Drop it.”
“Yes,” he forced himself to say. His voice came out quiet and thin, and he cleared his throat, tried again. “Yes.”
Folding the trenchcoat carefully, Dean held it out and the act seemed too great a mercy. Castiel tried to form a response, and failed, took the coat from his hands.
trying to be nice,” Castiel protested, chasing Dean’s mouth. He nodded when Dean asked, “Can I?” and Dean fumbled to work a hand under his waistband. “But...” He guided Dean’s hand to his cock and let out a quiet groan when Dean wrapped his palm around his length. Dean grinned. “I guess I did want an excuse to get to know you better,” he finished, his voice strained.
Cas looked like he wanted to say more, but he stood. “I suppose I should return to the library. Are you coming?”
“An altar, of sorts, I suppose.” He stacked another stone on top of the leaf to keep it in place. “God instructed His followers to build stone altars for sacrifice, to mark places of deliverance and answered prayer. All in the name of remembrance.” He knocked the tower down and the stones clanked and thudded as they fell. “I don’t want to leave a trail, though, so I build and then dismantle.” Collecting the stone which had rested on the top, he tucked it into his pocket and looked up at Dean.
Booing resonated around the bar, and Castiel nearly felt inclined to join in. Picking up his beer, he took a long swallow.
Blasphemy. Dean—the righteous man, the human who’d taught him free will. Benny—a perverted form of humanity, addicted to the taste of other humans’ life-giving essence.
They wandered through the remains of cars, twisted and burnt metal, empty husks, and Dean told him how Mary had passed in the night, how they held the funeral when he got back, and it was good, a lot of people showed up, it was exactly what she had wanted.
How could he say such a thing about a vampire? A monster he killed on Earth? But of course. Benny knew of this ‘escape hatch’ and was keeping its location from Dean. Assurance he wouldn’t be killed. If Castiel had known all along that Dean was traveling with a vampire…
“Pretty sure Sam and I went through here before.” He couldn’t remember what they'd been hunting. “Years ago. After dad. You know. Passed.”
Dean sucked in a breath. “Uh, 'bout how you'd expect, I guess. Told her a bear had gotten to her son, but it was all taken care of now. Not much else to say.”
Cas took the pins to the cash register where Wren rang them up. Dean added the bisexual flag pin and Claire threw in a pair of spiky earrings, because, hey, they were paying.
“Who would’ve thought?” Dean deadpanned. Jack munched happily on his pretzel, cinnamon sugar covering his chubby cheeks. “Someone’s enjoying them, at least.”
Crimson blood stained the back of Dean’s neck, his collar, his jacket. How long since they first came to this place? Used to have an internal clock which could precisely mark the passage of time. Now, he felt disoriented. No magnetic pull to tell him which direction to head. Forced to follow the vampire leading the way.
“The pirate part, I mean.” Dean looked appropriately subdued by the reminder, though, and kept quiet as Benny finished shaving him.
“Mhm.” He was starting to think he should’ve bought one of these things a long time ago. He hadn’t realized how strung out he was before until now, all the tension in his body slipping away.
Slight hitch in Dean’s breathing, then a sigh, muscles relaxing under Castiel’s arm, letting him know Dean was warming.
A father, a friend, a lover. His essence which remained regardless of how much or how little grace resided in his vessel.
“Those Djinn were not part of my kingdom,” Zara said solemnly. “Our most sacred law is to never bring anyone harm. If I had found those Djinn you speak of, they would’ve been brought to a swift justice.” She glanced at Cas. “I’ve already gained the trust of Castiel, I'd hoped I had your trust as well.”
Dean flinched at a crack of thunder that set Castiel’s ears ringing. He tucked a wing around him, knew the gesture would go unnoticed.
He waited to confront Benny until Dean’s breathing steadied out—the mere fact Dean could sleep around a vampire....
Not soon enough. Several minutes passed, or longer. An elbow in his side. The trees groaned. They huddled closer. The vampire was standing too close, but Castiel would allow it because they had nowhere else to go.
Castiel held onto him and a surge of affection rose in his chest. A feeling he couldn’t fully articulate but which threatened to overwhelm him. He wished he could give voice to it, wished he could tell Dean exactly how much he cared for him. Words rose up in his throat, but he pushed them away. Not the words Dean needed to hear now, selfish words. Too heavy for this moment, too much.
“Tomatoes, tomahtoes,” Benny said easily. “Just glad I don’t gotta keep watch all night. This one,” nudged Dean again, “never did his fair share.”
“You’re bleeding.” Going to his side, Dean grabbed his arm, made him face him. Blood trickled down the vampire’s neck, his right ear mangled.
The rig was passing him, and he looked to his left at the driver. And he would swear he didn’t remember the moment this vividly—and maybe his mind had filled in extra details over the years—but he remembered the way Cas (just another nameless driver at that moment) looked over at him. And maybe it was a trick of sunlight on Cas’ face, but something tugged in Dean’s chest.
Cas rolled his eyes and stretched out on the blanket with a book. Dean burrowed his feet into the sand. Sam and Eileen signed to each other, and Jack returned to digging in the sand. Dean shook his head, seeing him raise a sand-filled fist to his mouth, and Jack dropped his hand with a huff that sounded way too similar to Cas.
“He’s alright. He’s… It’s been rough.” Dean shifted, stared down at his boots. “I mean, he was there when she… He had to let everyone know. Him and Bobby.” He rubbed at his eyes. “I should’ve been here.”
“I suppose so,” Cas sighed and set the blanket down on a chair. Turns out the call was from a hunter out near Boise who needed help with a case.
The sky seemed flat. No clouds to provide depth, just gray expanse. Mist clung to the treetops, dark leaves clumped along branches. Silence.
Tapping Cas’ name, he brought his phone to his ear. The dial tone droned once, then twice. Dean shoved his free hand into his jacket pocket and shut his eyes.
Cas touched his cheekbone gingerly. “Oh, well. Think that jackass I punched will have something similar.” He glanced down at his hand and flexed his fist. “That hurt.” Dean started laughing and Cas looked up, smiled a little. “You’re welcome, you know.”
He set Cas in a sunny field with a fluffy cloud sky. Without yellow, the sun had to be green, but he thought the purple trenchcoat and blue tie he drew for Cas turned out pretty good. Add a few flowers, maybe a tree—fuck, that didn’t turn out so good. The important part was Cas, though. For good measure, he added some wings colored with every crayon in the box and an angel blade that he couldn’t get to look sharp enough with the blunt silver crayon, but gave the general idea.
“What’s in the box?” Dean asked, coming into the library to see Cas setting a large package on the map table with a huff. The table creaked under its weight. “Hey, name that movie.”
Dean inwardly winced at that. Or thought he did so inwardly, but his expression must've revealed something because Cas glanced over at him, then straightened up, nearly spilling his tea. "Dean, I didn't mean anything by that."
Castiel glanced at Benny and Dean, but they didn’t seem to hear, or understand, the slippery language. With a rush of nausea came the realization that he could only understand because the creatures once lived inside him.
Curling up onto his side, he tried to reassure himself that they'd find a way to see each other soon; they’d figure it out. He hated the uncertainty, though. Hated the way Dean acted like he didn’t care whether they saw each other or not.
“Got lucky tonight,” he said aloud, turning off the road into the parking lot. Three other rigs were parked at the back of the gravel lot, and he pulled in next to them.
“Yeah, but you got this all wrong.” Straightening from the doorway, Sam came to the island. “Cas isn’t going with the Djinn.”
Dean flipped him off and Sam leaned on the doorway. “Don’t see why you’re in such a bad mood. You should be glad; Zara’s leaving tomorrow. You’ve been bitching all week about the ‘invasion'.”
, and Castiel had believed him. Foolish, in hindsight, because Dean seemed to think he’d grow tired of him, seemed to count on it. Castiel didn’t think that could ever happen.
“There he is!” Cas said, pointing out his window. Dean leaned over him to see Jack jumping over a hopscotch chalk drawing. One foot, two feet, one foot, two. Reaching the end, another kid high-fived him and Jack beamed. He cheered as someone else went through the course, then, the game abandoned, Jack ran with the others to the swings.
How quickly plans for a quiet Saturday night could turn into a boisterous Winchester and Co. event. Dean’s eyes were bright, though, and Jack’s eyes were wide in amazement at this idea.
Perhaps the fight hadn’t been taken out of him just yet—his rage rising, he ripped up another tuft of grass, stems sticking to his palms. He had to believe in an escape, had to fight, for Dean’s sake. If his own sins and mistakes forced Dean into an eternity in this wretched place, he would never be able to bear it.
Sounds of a scuffle and someone getting hit with a punch—Cole, by the stream of curse words. Thankfully, it seemed now that Cole and his friend were matched two for two, they lost their resolve. They ran off, cursing out Dean and his savior.
He could feel the conscious effort Dean put into slowing his breathing, but it worked, his own vessel’s breathing and heartbeat slowing, his distressed grace quieting in tandem.
Castiel followed his gaze. The dusky light made the water seem soft, like a surface he could caress.
“Can I confess something to you?” he asked Dean, because the words were lingering in his throat and he wanted to speak them. Wanted Dean to hear. He remembered his first confession.
A warning voice in the back of his mind told him Benny was goading him, but he ignored it for the instant gratification of a comeback. “I have no possible relation to your siblings’ offspring.”
Touché. In a truce, she held out a pin with the bisexual flag. She wasn’t really sure what Dean identified as, if he even gave it any thought, but guessed it was close enough. “For you.”
It wasn’t settled, but Castiel didn’t have the heart to press the issue. He stood, silently, and watched Dean turn away, pull his eyes to the water.
Traffic had been smooth all day, the roads mostly empty. A good driving day, the kind that didn’t come as frequently as he wished.
Giving up, he opened the cab door and sat down in the doorway. He lit a cigarette and with the first inhale felt the tingling at the back of his neck, the hazy buzz settle over him. The other rigs parked along the back of the lot were spread out over the spaces, distanced from each other. The rest of the parking lot lay empty except for a lone shopping cart creaking slightly forward and back in a breeze.
“Here ya go,” she told Jack, finding a box of pins at the register. She brought the box down to his level and Jack ran over to look inside.
“Yeah, um.” He glanced at Castiel, then away, rubbed the back of his neck. “Just think it might be about time. Bobby’s looking to retire, and he wants me to take over his shop.”
“Yeah, well, guess this is the perfect introduction." How the hell did Cas manage to still look so adorable slumped against the kitchen counter, clothes wrinkled and nose red? “Welcome to humanity, you have a cold. Here, stop that.” He couldn't watch Cas wipe his nose on his sleeve again. They didn’t have tissues in the kitchen, but he grabbed a napkin and handed it to him. Dutifully, Cas took it and blew his nose. “What you need is to get in some comfier clothes, lay down, and get some sleep.”
The hill plateaued and Benny turned in a slow circle, scanning the surrounding land. Castiel didn’t know what he saw as they were enclosed in a brambling forest. Dean seemed only mildly concerned, changing his grip of the blade in his hand, watching Benny.
“I know it will,” Bobby said. “I’m proud of ya. You and Sammy both. And you better not run my shop bankrupt. You and Sam are gonna be the ones paying to send me on cruises when I retire.”
There were words surging in his throat and he made the mistake of letting them out. “I really love—like this. Doing this. Being with you.” His face flushed.
Benny nodded. “Yup. Unfortunately this little reunion tour took us out of the way quite a bit.” A side-eyed look at Castiel.
Inwardly, Dean rolled his eyes. “I don’t know. Don’t think so.” Hannah looked buoyed by that, so he added, “Don’t think he’s interested in anyone right now. I think he has someone back home.”
“Zara and Sam sure are getting along well,” Dean said after a few minutes of silence. “They’re going through the books in the library right now. Apparently there’s a lot of ‘inaccuracies’ in them.”
Castiel glared at him as he followed Dean away, then he glared at the ground, deliberately not watching where they went off to. Should have argued, told Benny not to take more from Dean, thought about getting up now and telling them to stop.
An announcer’s voice echoed down the street. “Welcome to Pride,” the voice boomed. Dean folded and unfolded the corner of the newspaper, listening to the cheering, rotating the ring on his thumb around and around.
His eyes flying open, he turned around, scanned the trees. “I can’t—my grace, it’s rebelling against my vessel—”
Fighting down the hurt that rose in his chest, Castiel stepped closer and hovered his fingers over the bite marks, healing them. Then, since Dean was standing still, watching him, he let his fingers trail over the blood Benny had left on his cheek. Rough stubble against his fingertips. Dean’s pulse was quickened, from giving up his blood, no doubt.
Sliding over, Cas got underneath, and they laid side by side, pressed against each other. Their fingers brushed, and Dean crooked a finger around Cas’ thumb.
“What would you have me do?” Rallied himself. “So I try to make it through the portal. And if I’m maimed, or killed, what then?”
Jack turned to watch the rush of kids to the school, his backpack nearly as large as he was. Had the school building always towered over him like that? Dean wondered.
They paused in the middle of the junkyard, cars nearly obscuring Bobby’s house, and Dean leaned on the side of a rusted car, crossed his arms. Castiel asked, “How is Sam taking it?”
Scratching at the stubble on his face, he remarked, “Jesus, longest I’ve ever gone without a shave.” Castiel studied him, the uneven facial hair, made darker by the grime coating his features.
Dean made a face behind his back and started to follow him out of the room, but the phone Sam had recently installed in the library for a hunter hotline started ringing. He groaned and Cas hesitated in the doorway.
Zara looked up from where she and Sam were poring over books in the library. Sam frowned, looking around. “I haven’t seen him yet today.”
“So, we run into each other again,” Dean said, coming over to the shaded place where Castiel stood. So, he
“It’s nothing, really. Just tired. Ready to be done driving and start working at the shop. I’m good, promise.”
They compared routes, and found they’d both be traveling East on I-80 the next day, a lucky break. Inwardly, Castiel relaxed a little. He didn’t have to say goodbye just yet. No point in thinking ahead to when that time would come—though, in his experience, it always came too soon.
“Sam would like to know why we’re all blocked from the group chat,” Cas said unhelpfully, and Dean rejected the call.
“It’s been said.” Unlocking his cab door, he leaned inside to grab a napkin and wiped at the blood on his face and hands. “Anyway, you’re one to talk. You joined in.” He motioned to Cas’ face. “You’re gonna have a nasty bruise.”
“Somewhere near LA.” Shifting closer, he draped an arm over Dean’s stomach and Dean rolled over onto his side, pulling Castiel’s arm tighter around him so Castiel’s chest was flush against his back.
Love made you wake gasping from nightmares, images of people you loved turned bloody and torn, seared into your eyelids. Love didn’t stop you from making mistakes. No matter how much he loved his brother, he couldn’t always save him. Love was a responsibility, a burden. Maybe his dad made it seem that way. Because Dean would spend sleepless nights saving strangers from the things that went bump in the night even if no one made him. Would care for Sam even if no one left him with fifty bucks and instructions to keep the kid safe.
Yeah, well,” Dean sat down on the bed and dropped his hands on his lap. “Was just trying to save my ass. Was afraid you were gonna slash my tires next time we ended up at the same stop.”
Benny didn’t even give Castiel a courtesy of a look as, pulling away from Dean, he wiped blood from his mouth with the back of his hand. Castiel shoved past him and grabbed Dean’s shoulders.
Teachers milled around outside, and Cas said, “There’s Jack’s teacher.” He waved and she made a pained smile before quickly looking away.
ps: i've got another story coming out soon! my dcbb fic posts on October 29th! if you like angst, pining, and dean and cas struggling to use their words, then this fic is for you. click
ty so much for joining me on this little journey! i had a lot of fun writing this story and posting it, especially since it was a bit different than what i normally write.
“That’s bullshit, you do, you will.” He stared at him, and Castiel hated that once again he was hurting Dean. Always hurting him. “You can’t stay here.”
Castiel let his hand fall to his side, the woods around them suddenly looming and wide. He was just one tiny part of this trio, and if he didn’t fit in here, how could he ever fit in on Earth?
They drove without a destination now that they didn’t need one, changing course frequently, turning off exits to follow signs for roadside attractions, homestyle meals, and scenic overlooks.
Leaning in conspiratorially with Jack, she let him scroll through her phone and choose which song to play. When “Born This Way” started filtering through the car, Dean groaned.
Castiel reddened. “I didn’t mean to get so angry, it was stupid. I know you couldn’t control what happened with the repairs.”
“I would think you would be grateful to have an angel’s help,” Castiel told him. “Only time you’ll ever have it.”
Still, he liked the familiar shape of the language, the comfort the markings provided with their unique lilt and form. He pronounced them in his head as he carved.
Castiel glowered at Benny’s retreating back. “You can’t keep giving him your blood, he doesn’t know when to stop.”
Crossing over rippling water or curving through wooded land, he and Cas spoke of a cabin in the woods, a house on the coast, a home. Dean's head filled with the future instead of the past. Every mile that passed under their tires brought them closer to this dream—or so he thought, until he stopped at a red light, and Cas took his hand, and he realized home sat beside him now.
“Yeah, our nest stayed on the seas. Easier to stay secret.” He tilted Dean’s head to the side, water running down his wrist. “Think some would’ve labeled me a pirate, I reckon.”
been hungry before, but now his stomach clenched in anxiety, too many words rolling around in his head with no coherency.
Cas was still watching him as he pushed his arms through the sleeves and not looking at him, he asked, “What, Cas?”
Dean kissed him back, then took his hand, tugged him to the hallway. Cas followed easily, smiling, and Dean couldn’t resist kissing him again along the way.
