On his bunk in the barracks, in the middle of the night when he was surrounded by the susurrus of the other men breathing in their sleep, he despaired about being able to make it through the training.  There were glimmers of hope: getting the flag, the grenade, never giving up.  But those seemed few and far between when compared to his ongoing failures: the obstacle course, morning calisthenics, carrying a pack, running.  He could feel Dr. Erskine’s eyes follow him, see the conversations he had with Colonel Phillips and Agent Carter, sense the expectation that he live up to the opportunity he’d been given.  He wanted to take their clipboards and throw them away.  He wanted to point out that Hodge was a bully, just for the “right” reasons; that Bolton was lazy; that Dickenson had probably never had an original thought of his own and just did whatever he was told; that McNally was a compulsive liar.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Tony before palming one to inspect it.  His other hand paused, the spoonful of eggs forgotten.  “What is this?” he asked, looking up at Tony.
“Maybe we should you out of that suit,” Steve said.  He crossed the back of the quinjet and squatted in front of him.  Tony directed him with a combination of quiet instructions and small gestures.  Steve started at his boots, releasing the hidden clasps and pulling off the front of them.  Tony’s feet were bare, and a light blue cotton cuff framed one ankle, the other wadded up around his calf. Tears sprang into Steve’s eyes, blurring his vision so badly he had to duck his head.
They arrived at Ebbett’s Field with plenty of time to spare, and Tony bought them all hot dogs and beer for lunch.  They made their way to their seats along the third base line, out by the outfield.  Bucky had brought a mitt just in case.  They sat down in their seats, with Tony towards the outfield, Steve in the middle, and Bucky towards the infield.
Steve considered calling him, but he discarded the idea almost as soon as it occurred to him.  Had Tony even travelled back to 1939 yet?  Would he even make it back to 2012 after he disappeared from Steve’s bed in 1940?  Had Shield notified him that Steve had been found, that he was alive and awake?
“Well, for what it’s worth, I think it’s also the head injury.  I feel pretty — confused,” Tony settled on, and he flushed even more than he already was, obviously embarrassed at having to admit he was operating at less than full mental capacity.
He sat in one of the chairs by the window, gulping in the fresh air, his head in his hands.  His anxiety was now full-blown, and he was having flashbacks to a snowy night in Boston on December 16, 1994, when Obie had shown up at his apartment to tell him his parents were dead.  The doctor came in, and Tony looked up at him.  He seemed very young — too young to be a doctor — and his expression was tired, with dark circles under his eyes.
The hospital was a cluster of beautiful red brick buildings on a hill, overlooking Fort Greene Park.  The receptionist at the front desk took the letter but was unable to find anything for Steve from Sarah.  Tony frowned; Bucky had been pretty clear in his instructions that the letters were always at the front desk, usually in an alphabetized stack.  The young woman went through the pile of mail twice, her expression becoming more concerned.  “Let me look into it for you,” she said, stepping away into a back office.
“Jesus, Tony, I thought you were going to die.  From the pneumonia.  I meant I couldn’t sit there and watch you die.  Not that I wouldn’t take care of you when you were sick.”  Steve scrubbed a hand over his face and wondered which time he was even talking about at this point.  How he could ever explain this to Tony.
He stopped, turning back to the building, looking up to the window on the fourth floor, and Natasha saw tears in his eyes.  “You’re right — Bucky was always there.  He worked nights, so it was like he was never gone.  It was comforting, to hear him snoring in the bedroom while I drew, to know he was always right there.  Even when Ma died and Tony disappeared, he was there.  And then he got called up.  What was I supposed to do?  Where was I supposed to go?”
“Then how do you explain him just disappearing?” Steve shot back.  “I don’t believe he’d just leave.”
Natasha’s expression softened at that.  “Now would be a good time,” she said, gesturing towards the stairs.
“I —“ Tony started, only to realize there was no good answer to that question.  “Look, I just want you to be happy here.  Now.  Whatever.”  He stopped, squeezing his eyes closed for a moment.  He opened them, asking, “Is there something I should be doing to help you more?  Set up your groceries on a schedule so they just come?  Add the stuff we keep down here to your order so you have them in your kitchen too?”
Steve’s eyes widened, his eyebrows climbing on his forehead.  He looked at Tony hard, considering.  “Tony,” he said, standing up slowly, “when was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”
The silence of the stairwell enveloped him, and Steve climbed up to his own apartment.  By the time he was in his own living room, the quiet had become oppressive.  He walked over to the record player and put on some jazz, letting the sound wash over and through him.  Steve walked over the windows facing east and looked out at the Chrysler building illuminated before him, dominating the view outside his window.
He was concentrating so hard on the monitor, Steve almost missed what Tony said about getting a doctor.  Steve’s head come up abruptly, meeting Tony’s eyes.  He gaped for a moment before the fury washed over him.  A doctor.  To explain to him that Tony would be fine.  The last fucking doctor Steve had talked to had been Dr. Hudson, four days before his ma died.  He’d called for an update, since Bucky wouldn’t let him visit.
They sat together in silence on the couch until Bucky eventually fell asleep, tired from the excitement and his day at work.  Steve stretched out alongside him and closed his eyes, feeling the steady rise and fall of Bucky’s chest as he breathed.  He hadn’t admitted it earlier, but he was still chilly from his frantic search outside, and Bucky’s warmth seeped through his clothes, slowly warming him.
Tony hesitated.  He felt gratitude wash over him.  Sure, he was in an unknown time where everything — well, everything except the man in front of him — was unfamiliar.  He felt tired down to his bones, knowing that for the foreseeable future, everything would be a struggle.  How to get money, where to stay, what to wear, what to eat.  But Steve had taken him in and taken care of him, making sure he was clean and safe and giving him what he could, most of all peace of mind.
“It means you have a lot more in common than you probably think.”  Natasha threaded her arm through the crook of his elbow, propelling him back towards the door.  “How are you sleeping?  And eating?”
Steve hoped so — he hoped so fiercely, as though the passion with which he felt that desire could burn its way to Tony and keep him warm.  He thought of how closed off this Tony was, the way his expression never seemed to completely relax, or how his smiles never really reached his eyes.  When he pictured this Tony, Steve saw him dressed impeccably, not a wrinkle in his pants or suit jacket, his arms crossed tightly over his chest and his posture stiff and intractable.  Hopefully this was a place that Tony could relax, show the easy smile that Steve loved, the one that caused the lines around his eyes to crinkle, letting Steve know that it was real.
Steve walked back down the street to stand in front of his old building.  The bakery storefront had been split into two different shops: an insurance office and a small coffee shop with a sign out front advertising that they roast their own beans.  Even though he hadn’t been inside, Steve was positive someone had renovated the building, turning the railroad apartments into more conventional layouts.
The silence stretched on for a moment, and Steve could feel his discomfort amplify.  “I was — darning some socks,” Steve finally explained, “and he just — threw them away.”  The explanation made him feel ridiculous now that he said it out loud.  Natasha didn’t immediately respond, and Steve found her looking at him narrowly, her expression thoughtful.
“I’m just — happy,” Steve finally settled on after a pause.  “The last time I came here I felt like I had the weight of the world on my shoulders — specifically you, Buck, and Ma.  But now — I feel —“ He trailed off, trying to find the right words.
,” he finished up, pointing back to himself with his fork.  He went back to eating his biscuits and gravy with an air of grumpy finality.
Clint slowly relaxed around Steve, becoming friendly.  He even went so far as to offer a handshake and a word of thanks for Steve’s easy acceptance on the Helicarrier after Natasha had cognitively recalibrated him.  Their camaraderie was cemented after that during a poker game — Natasha’s suggestion — that was so cutthroat due to all three cheating that they finally had to settle it in the gym — where Natasha won.
Natasha stood up fluidly, bending her torso to each side before stretching her arms over her head.  “Tony — he doesn’t understand what it is to need material things,” she offered.  “I think that you and I had much more austere upbringings.  And when he sees something that he thinks can be easily fixed with money, he simply — makes the problem go away.”
“Sorry,” Tony ground out, trying to stand up. He staggered, and Steve grabbed his arm to keep him from crashing back into the wall.  “I just — had a shock,” he said.  His head was suddenly throbbing, and he put a hand to his forehead.  He glanced down only to realize it showed the scrapes all up and down his arm.
It was a warm summer day in the middle of June when they drove across the Brooklyn Bridge.  Steve took her to the Evergreens Cemetery, and they sat in front of his parents’ headstones.  There were still trinkets and flowers there, but sun and rain had faded them from the brilliant red, white, and blues to muted, dingy colors.  Steve took off his dog tags and showed Natasha the St. Monica medal.  She rang her fingers over it reverently, the metal still warm from his skin.
But that wasn’t the only thing.  Once Tony had tracked data on this for two cycles, he had Jarvis make observations about Steve’s performance.  It would slightly improve at the beginning, when he was cooking for himself.  It would then drastically improve during the time he was eating both in the common area and in his own kitchen.  It then dropped off once he cut his calories and only ate the food from the common area.   His mood and sleeping also followed the same trend.  It got to the point where Tony could tell almost with only a question and a glance where Steve was in his eating and cutting calories cycle.
That got Steve’s attention, and he put his pencil down, his expression making it clear the panel was already forgotten.  “What do you mean, something you need to tell me?”
Steve inspected the band, gently scuffed from wear.  His ma would want him to give it to someone important, someone who would understand what it had meant to her to bring it with her after she’d fought in Ireland, what it as like to carry difficult memories that were impossible to forget.  Tony of course would appreciate the significance and the gesture, but he wouldn’t particularly like it or want to wear it.
He could sense Tony’s hesitation as he tried to figure out where Steve was going with this, ever the futurist, as he tried to head off any potential disaster.  Of course, he had no way of knowing the disaster had already happened.
“There’s not,” Steve cut him off again.  He looked out over the city, willing himself not to look over at Tony.  He didn’t want to see the expression on Tony’s face that followed that offer, the brittle one that said he just wanted to fix the problem so it would go away.  Steve remained there motionless, stonily gazing out the window, until Tony had gone.
They sat in companionable silence, broken up by Tony’s wheezing, until the water was tepid and Tony was starting to shiver.  Tony was so weak he struggled to stand on his own, and Steve braced his arms to help him up without slipping.  He wrapped Tony in a towel and did most of the work drying off, as even that made Tony short of breath.
Loki had sent him back to the Great Depression, some time towards the end judging by Steve’s age.  Tony couldn’t fathom why, although he supposed it didn’t really matter.  He did find it hard to believe, however, that it was random chance that Steve had come upon him moments later.  What was it that Loki had said?
It probably would have continued that way indefinitely had he not gotten sick.  The cold had started out innocently enough — they always did.  Tony found himself getting a little short of breath doing the heavy lifting that some of his design work required, especially for the suit.  The pleuritic chest pain followed, and Tony found it harder to take deep breaths.  By that point, he knew where this was headed.  At least once or twice a year, he got pneumonia.  Usually a round of antibiotics cleared it right up, but sometimes he needed some oxygen to help get him through.  The arc reactor, in addition to keeping the shrapnel out of his heart, took up a lot of space that used to be occupied by his lungs, and that diminished capacity meant that his lungs couldn’t always keep up, especially when he had an infection.
She huffed a small laugh, and Steve felt more than saw the curl of her smile as her cheek moved against his arm.  “It would take more than Jarvis to keep me out of somewhere I really wanted to be.  No offense, Jarvis,” she added as an afterthought.
.”  She came up on her tiptoes and gently kissed his cheek, nothing more than the warm, dry brush of her lips against his skin.  “I’m going to bed, but you’re welcome to stay as long as you need.”  Natasha then headed towards the bedroom, hitching the blanket up onto her shoulders more securely.
Steve leaned back a little, looking down at Tony, and he cupped Tony’s face in his hands, running his fingers over the scars on his neck and face.  “You are so beautiful to me,” he said, his voice rough, his Brooklyn accent coming out.  “You always were.”
So he continued west, through Tioga Pass and Tuolumne Meadows down to Yosemite Valley.  He climbed to the top of Upper Yosemite Falls, looking out over the valley with Half Dome to his left and El Capitan out of sight to his right.  The water roared furiously over the edge from the last of the spring melt, and Steve sat on a granite ledge, leaning against the metal bars to prevent people from falling.  He wondered what the free fall would feel like from the edge of the granite cliff down to the Valley floor, all 2425 feet of it.  The spray from the falls left him cold and damp, and he felt utterly alone, wishing that Bucky were there.  When he closed his eyes, all he saw was the deep blue of the North Atlantic fading into black nothingness, feeling weightless as he’d pointed the nose of the Valkyrie down towards the ice, followed by the cold water seeping into his uniform.
Steve hesitated.  He knew she was very good — he’d seen it first hand during the Battle of New York — but he also didn’t want to hurt her.  She grinned, as though reading his mind.  “Give it a chance before you decide it’s not going to work,” she said.  She walked over to the sparring mats and spread her arms wide before going up on her toes and tucking one leg behind the other in a curtsy, the entire move graceful.  She repeated the curtsy to the other side, coming back up to standing.  “It’s just me — I’ll even promise to pull my punches.”
Tony turned around and buried his face in Steve’s chest, stumbling as his legs struggled to keep up with the movement.  Steve caught him, wrapping his arms around Tony.  Hiding his face in Steve’s sweater, Tony inhaled the clean scent of him — Ivory soap and the detergent for his clothes, all underlaid with the musk of Steve himself, the smell of leather and oil, with just a hint of charcoal.
earned yourself a needlepoint piece,” he said, pulling Steve down to give him a kiss on the cheek.  “If you broke the frame, I’m going to hang it in the common room just as it is to commemorate the afternoon.”
He'd carried his broken pieces with him because he had nothing else.  Without his ma, without Tony, without Bucky — he had nothing left to hang on to.  At least before, no matter how bleak, he’d had Bucky there for him.
In the middle of the night, Steve was restless, unable to fall asleep, even with Tony was sprawled across Steve and the bed.  Steve disentangled himself, walked back out onto the balcony, and looked out over the Strip, the neon lights chasing themselves around buildings, pools and fountains of every color, water spraying up in front of the casinos.  He shook his head, marveling at how he’d gotten here: from a tenement building in Brooklyn, where he both found and lost Tony, to Camp LeHigh, back to a basement in Brooklyn where he’d become Captain America.  The bond show that took him to every major city in America — including Las Vegas — then the front in Europe.  The Alps, where he lost Bucky.  Back to New York in 2012.  Across the country again, only to find Tony — really find him this time — in Central Park.
Tony’s hands were warm on Steve’s face, and he drew him down to kiss him gently, first on the lips and then on each tear-stained cheek.  Steve gasped, his tears turning to sobs.  Steve pulled Tony closer until they were pressed against each other, from chest to hips to knees.  He buried his face in the curve of Tony’s neck, the sobs coming faster.
With that simple command, Steve looked away.  He could make himself do a lot of things.  But watch the portal as it closed, losing Tony to space forever?
, he’d said, speaking of his own mother.  Tony had been right; the pain had faded into a dull ache, the contours of the hole she’d left behind.  He still missed her every day — missed her advice and her no-nonsense approach to problems.  He missed the smell of her hair and her smile.  But the sharpness had faded, and he didn’t miss her sadness or her suffering while she had been sick, her white hot fury whenever something happened in Ireland.  He hoped that, somehow, she knew her beloved home had finally won its independence.
Steve faltered under the weight of that loss, never to recover.  He stopped sleeping and barely ate, letting the serum carry him through in a haze that never seemed to lift.  Zola’s intel about the Red Skull was vital to winning the war, but Steve couldn’t even bring himself to care.  One thought consumed him:
“Almost there,” Steve answered back, running as fast as he could, even though he knew he would never made it, that he had been too slow.  But of course he was — otherwise, Tony would never have appeared in that alley, and Steve would never have met him in Brooklyn in 1939.
“It’s not impossible — Tony did it.  Or will do it, at some point,” Steve corrected himself.  “But while I may be lonely, there’s at least a future for me here.  Tony is here.”  Steve paused and put his hand over hers, gently squeezing her fingers.  “You’re here.”
Warmth bloomed in Tony’s chest, and he felt something release, something that had been wound too tight for too long.  “Should have told me sooner,” he answered.  He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, pulling him down.  Their lips slotted together, and Tony felt more than heard Steve sigh, his arms tightening around Tony.
But this?  This was so much worse that going back to the empty apartment, the silent radio, the empty bed across the room.
“A heart condition,” Steve said, his voice faint.  He rolled over, burying his face into Natasha’s stomach.  “He told me he had a
Tony’s eyes widened in realization, and he glanced back at the doorway, where Steve had disappeared.  “Is she—?” he asked, trailing off when he realized there was no nice way to ask the question.
Tony tipped his head to the side, his mouth partially open.  He drew a deep breath, pulling himself up a little straighter, and gripped his mug, clearly steeling himself.  “The radio.  You listened to it all the time.  And then you stopped after your mother died.  Did you ever turn it on again?”
Shivering, Tony tightened his fingers, giving Steve’s a short squeeze.  “Coffee?” he prompted, noticing the color high on Steve’s cheeks.
“And say what?  You travel back in time?  No pressure, but I fell in love with you, and I’m having a hard time separating that from now?  Oh, and don’t forget, you get pneumonia back then and, instead of dying, you just disappeared.”  Steve dropped his hand and shoved both of them into his pockets.
Steve bowed his head over the suit.  “You have to come back, Tony” he pleaded, the tears thick in his throat, his voice catching.  “You have to — I can’t do this again, and you need antibiotics and oxygen.  Tony, you can’t stay there.  You don’t belong there.  I’ll do whatever I need to — I promise.  Just come back.  That’s all you have to do.  Jarvis, open the faceplate — please just open the faceplate.”
It wasn’t hard to fill in the gaps that Tony didn’t explain: candles lit at Christmas for familial happiness, a father more interested in success than in his child, the retreat into the desert to get away from everything Tony had known before.  Steve may have wanted for a lot as he’d grown up — it was poverty and starvation that had driven his family from Ireland in 1848, when he was only nine years old.  But he’d never felt unloved, never felt the relief at the death of one parent sharply contrasted with grief at the death of the other.  His body may have been wracked by malnutrition and constant illness — but at least he’d never doubted his family’s love and support.
Steve sighed, feeling exhaustion creep over him.  Why was he still here, if he’d done everything he needed to do, everything he could do?  “Not well enough, if you’re here,” Steve replied, the weariness clear in his tone.
He pulled his dog tags out from under his shirt and rubbed the pad of his thumb over the St. Monica medal hanging next to them.  Her features were almost entirely worn away from the innumerable times he’d made that very same gesture.  His head still bowed, Steve thought of his ma and recited the Prayer to St. Monica, as he had heard her do so many times.  Finished, he traced the engraving of her name on the headstone: Sarah Bridget Donahue Rogers.
Bucky took a step back but didn’t let go of Tony’s hand right away.  “I hear you’ve come looking for work all the way from Iowa.  I gotta be honest, there’s not a lot to be found here.”  Tony could hear the undertones, the challenge that was there, if muted from Bucky’s initial assessment.
Natasha smiled at him, a softer expression that she’d had earlier.  “Good.  Now what did Tony do yesterday?”
Tony made it back to the common room under his own steam, with Steve drifting along behind to make sure he was okay.  He was still in the Bucky’s clothes, and he seemed confused, picking up things and putting them back down.  Steve settled on the couch, exhausted but unable to sleep while Tony was so restless, and listened as Tony puttered around the kitchen.  Everyone else seemed to chalk up his behavior to the concussion, and one by one, they went back to their apartments for showers and sleep.
It became clear very quickly on the Quinjet that Tony didn’t know him, didn’t remember their time in Brooklyn together.  There was no recognition from Tony at all — no glimmer of humor, no flash of understanding.  He cracked jokes but was all business underneath the humor.  Steve could tell that he was uncomfortable, but he couldn’t tell why.  It got even worse back on the Helicarrier.  Steve alternated between feeling overjoyed at seeing for himself that Tony was alive and apparently well and despondent about the loss all over again, given Tony’s aloof demeanor.  He tried to throw out references to things Tony would have known from their time together in the Depression, even knowing that Tony wouldn’t pick up on them.  All he got for commenting on Fury’s flying monkeys comment was an eye-roll, even though they had seen
“How —?” Steve started, but he choked on a whimper that he was clearly trying very hard to suppress.  His shoulders shook as he cried silently for a moment.  “How can she be gone?” he managed to get out after a long time.
He only understood when Natasha explained to him that Clint’s reception back at Shield had been chilly at best.  Loki had killed over sixty agents at the facility where they were keeping the Tesseract when he destroyed it, and many agents felt that Clint was complicit.  He had returned to cold stares and turned backs, as well as refusals to work with him.  Someone had scrawled the words “traitor” and “murderer” on the door to his barracks.  The general feeling was that Clint was personally responsible for Phil Coulson’s death.
Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist to get him to stop, but it was no use with the super strength.  “It’s okay, Steve,” he said, and he fumbled around in the sheets until he came up with the nasal cannula.  Tony popped it back into his nose, looping it behind his ears.  He then pulled the monitor back out.  The saturations — conveniently in blue — were at 83%.  Steve sat heavily on the bed next to Tony, and they watched together as the numbers came up until it was at 98%.  “See?  Good as new.”
“Bellevue Hospital is that direction — it was old even when I was a kid,” he said, pointing to the southeast.  “Did you know that the last patient who’s still in the hospital after the Battle of New York is admitted there?  All the rest have either been discharged or died.”
Steve marveled at the Gateway to the West, the beautiful silver arch that towered over St. Louis.  He found the easy rolling fields of Kansas soothing, the sparsity of the landscape and other people a relief he hadn’t even known he was looking for.  The winds roared across the plains, and it seemed to blow the cobwebs out of his mind as he drove his motorcycle past the amber waves of grain towards the purple mountains’ majesty.
“Uh,” Tony answered, fumbling for an appropriate response.  He settled on a half-truth.  “I have a heart condition.  It keeps me alive.”
“What do you know?  You live uptown in that big ugly tower.  Yeah, I know who you are.  Big man can’t get women to date him so he turns to men instead.  It didn’t used to be like this — dykes and fairies all over the fucking place.”  He took a few steps towards them, pointing his index finger at Tony’s chest.  “I miss the way it used to be.”
His head snapped up.  Recognizing that voice — how could he forget it, after everything? — Tony searched the crowd before he settled on the familiar broad shoulders, the blond hair, the blue eyes.
Tony pulled away first, and Steve saw the tracks of damp on his face reflect in the light.   “Why are you doing this?” he asked one last time.
, his mind offered a little defensively.  Just because he wasn’t a super soldier who still looked like he was in his thirties didn’t mean he’d lost his looks completely.
Steve steeled himself and gave Bucky a grin, willing everything he had into it.  “’Til the end of the line,” he echoed, more confidently than Bucky had.  “But this ain’t it.”
Steve glanced at him, their eyes meeting, but didn’t answer.  His gaze dropped to his hands, and he flexed and extended his fingers against the concrete.  “You know, when Dr. Erskine gave me the serum, I had gone through all that training at Camp Lehigh.  I wasn’t very good, but there was this implication that if you made it through — if you were chosen for whatever it was they were doing, for Project Rebirth, that you had been given all the tools to succeed.  To help America win the war.”
Drifting for a few more moments, Steve hazily focused on the sound that continued to skitter across his awareness, too rhythmic to fit into his aimless dozing.  With that realization, the sound coalesced, and Steve woke completely, unable to ignore the pounding on the window over his bed once he realized what it was.  He groaned as he rolled out of bed, stifling a yawn as the noise echoed through the room, and pulled on his shirt and pants.  Steve shoved his feet into his boots, and when he opened the back door, Natasha stood before him.
“One of a kind,” Bucky answered, a soft smile crinkling up the edges of his eyes.  “Please don’t break his heart if you don’t have to.”
Wordlessly, Steve offered Tony a clean tank top and undershirt, both dark enough to hide the light from the arc reactor, as well as clean pajama pants.  He dressed Tony slowly, and the process left Tony feeling light-headed and breathing hard.
“Maybe one of the neighbors let him in,” Steve said, trying to get past Bucky to go out in the hallway.  They struggled again, and Steve managed to push Bucky into the wall next to the door.  He reached over, pulling the door open, but Bucky grabbed him around the waist so he couldn’t get out.  Bucky’s momentum overbalanced them both, and they tumbled to the floor.  Bucky lunged, pinning Steve down.  “I need to go ask them,” Steve pleaded, banging his fists on the floor.  He then crossed his arms, putting his forehead down onto them so Bucky couldn’t see the tears in his eyes.  “Maybe they’ve seen him,” he added, his voice muffled.
Tony had to imagine that, when he was only 5 foot 4 and 94 pounds, the effect wasn’t very memorable.  Now, however — well, it left quite the impression.
"My mother, though,” he continued, his voice gentler.  “I loved her and miss her every day.  She loved Christmas — we would go every Sunday during Advent to light a candle to Saint Joseph.  She would ask him to intercede for happiness in our family, as well as happiness for my life and my future family.”  Pulling the blanket even tighter, Tony grimaced, the expression made harsh by the sharp contrast between light and shadow.  “You can see how well that worked out,” he added bitterly.
Natasha rounded on him as soon as the door closed, but Tony held up his hands in placation before she could say anything.  “I swear, I was only trying to help,” he said.  “I know he grew up during the Depression and probably went hungry a lot.  I don’t want him to feel like he needs to do that here.  I can see now how this looks.  I got a little caught up in the data.  It’s pretty interesting, and I never expected to find — but that’s obviously not the point,” he hastily said as Natasha began to move towards him.  “I’ll figure out something to make it up to him.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tony’s voice said in Steve’s ear.  “We’re clearly a group of high-functioning, very well adjusted, very dangerous adults who happen to live in the same place.  It’s practically
“The giant is gone,” Natasha’s voice came over the comms, “and Jarvis is telling me that Loki is too.  Did you guys see what happened?”
It was better for everyone, Steve told himself firmly.  Especially for Steve, with his one-sided feelings for Tony.  Whoever it was he’d met in that alley in 1939, this Tony was clearly not the same man.
“I did,” Steve answered, and he drew a deep breathing before continuing.  “I waited until he was sick.  I don’t know if he heard me.”
Steve shook his head and looked away, the moment suddenly heavy and intimate, and he heard the sound of glass on wood as Tony set the bottle down on the table, the chair creaking as Tony sat down heavily.  Moving away, Steve stripped out of his vest and belt, hanging them on the pegs hammered into the wall by the door.
In hindsight, there was a certain inevitability about the escalation in the lab.  Tony was pushing all of Steve’s buttons, and Steve was doing it right back because he didn’t know how to do anything else.  The comment about everything special about him coming out of a bottle — well, even if this version of Tony wasn’t the same as the one he’d met in 1939, he still instinctively knew where to hit Steve where it hurt the most.
The light suddenly clicked on, and Steve looked up, startled, to find Tony staring at him.  Tony gaped back before asking, “What are you doing here?”
Captain America, I decided I’d rather get to know Tony myself instead of read what Shield thinks of him.”
“I need you to breathe a little slower,” Bucky said, panic creeping into the edge of his voice as he put his arm around the back of Steve’s chair.  “In for four and out for six, remember?”  Steve struggled to follow Bucky’s instructions, his wheezing getting worse as his breathing became more erratic.  It was only when Steve turned to Tony, his blue eyes wide with terror, that Tony realized what the problem was.
Bucky searched his eyes before nodding once and backing off.  “Good,” was all he said.  He went back to the bedroom, and Tony heard the door click shut behind him.  Tony resisted the urge to sag down and instead flipped the tuning dial back to the station with the swing music.  When he turned around, Bucky was back with a neatly folded pair of pants and a white button down shirt.  “Put this on,” he said.  “It should fit you pretty close.  I’ll take you to the tailor’s like I promised on my way to work.  But you can’t go like that.”
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Steve answered.  “Do you not want me here?” He added, glancing behind him to the others.  Bruce had also paused in cutting up vegetables, now paying attention to their conversation.
After Bucky disappeared, closing the door to the bedroom, Steve got up to clean off his plate.  “Thank you, Tony,” he said, his tone much kinder.  “You really didn’t have to do it.  I know you don’t have much.”
Tony’s shoulders sagged, and he looked down at the floor.  He pulled his hat off his head and ran a hand through his hair.  “Did she suffer?” he finally asked, unable to lift his head up and look at the doctor.
Tony made a circuit around the terrance but didn’t see any other threats.  He nailed his superhero landing in front of Loki and didn’t even destroy the brick.  He also had the feeling that that was the last time things were going to go well for him.
Tony found that his mouth was open but, lacking any idea whatsoever on what to say after that, he closed it.  Four pairs of eyes turned towards him.  Steve slowly put down the roll in his hand and braced both hands on the counter, causing his shoulders to bunch up.  He hung his head, staring down before asking pointedly, “Do you track this information on everyone?”
“Wait,” Steve said, cutting off their bickering.  “He’s near the Bethesda Fountain.  Where we sent him back with Thor.”
Steve shook his head.  “I can’t explain it, but I don’t think he was from here.”  Bucky gave him a look, and Steve rolled his eyes, exasperated.  “Not like that,” Steve said.  “He had a — thing — in his chest that he said was keeping him alive.  He said he had a heart condition.  That’s why I wouldn’t let you help clean him up.  I was trying to protect him.”
Tony turned to see Bucky watching them, something soft in his expression.  “I’ll stay with him,” Tony repeated, and Bucky nodded in response.
Bucky slept heavily on the couch for the rest of the night, curled into Steve.  At dawn, he woke up.  Steve watched in silence as he got ready, carefully washing up and shaving, his eyes darting to watch Steve in the mirror.  Steve pressed his shirt and tie while he was getting ready and helped him dress, a reversal of what they had done the night before.
The months after had been a haze, and he mostly remembered following Tony around the apartment.  He’d had dreams that he could see that thing in Tony’s chest through his shirts and would wake up in the middle of the night, hoping to see the blue light shining comfortingly in the dark when he looked over at Bucky’s bed.
“I have to go get ready for work,” he mumbled, his voice rough with unspoken emotion, as he left the kitchen, running a hand through his hair.
“I would never have just left,” Tony whispered back.  Tony’s hands ran over Steve’s chest up to his neck, and he felt Tony pull at the beaded metal chain.  He pulled the dog tags out of Steve’s collar and held them in the palm of his hand.  Tony made a satisfied noise in the back of his throat before settling them back against Steve’s chest.
Bucky burst out laughing at that.  “Sounds about right.”  Bucky turned to the last drawing, the one of Tony asleep on the bed.  “You should’a told him, pal,” he said.
Steve ducked his head at the thought, settling it into his hands as he finally let himself think the unimaginable.  He wished Natasha were still there, her presence comforting, even knowing he would never tell her what he was thinking.
He tried to talk to Steve about it.  Casually.  “Uh, you know you can order groceries whenever you want?” Tony asked Steve one day when they were in the common kitchen, both helping to prepare dinner.  “And order anything you want.”
It had made Tony’s disappearance all the more upsetting, that Steve hadn’t even been there for those last few moments.
“You gotta stop,” Bucky said, not letting Steve up.  He shifted around and kicked the door shut with his foot.  “I was in the kitchen — there’s absolutely no way he got out without my seeing him unless he climbed down the fire escape —“  Bucky trailed off, and Steve felt more than saw him shake his head.  “If I let you up, are you just going to try to leave again?”
Steve turned abruptly and stalked down the street.  Natasha caught up with him in a few swift strides and grabbed his arm.  He yanked it out of her grasp, glaring down at her for a moment, the frustration and grief warring on his face.  “Steve,” she said, “what I’m trying to say is you don’t have to be alone.  No wonder you’re struggling — not only are you living in a new place and time, you’re trying to do it without any support.”
?  Then he’d fall asleep and wake up on the couch in his workshop, with no memory of how he’d gotten home.  But even though he understood it to be his workshop, he didn’t really recognize it.  Jarvis had stopped answering, and Dum-E never brought him smoothies any more.  None of his equipment was there, even if he was too sick to use it.
At the memory, he rubbed at his right arm, feeling the twisted scars over his skin.  He flexed and extended his fingers for a moment, still remembering the power from the Infinity Stones, the worlds that had opened up to him in that instant before he’d finished it once and for all.
he wondered, looking at the hospital bed where Tony slept on, oblivious, clearly drained from the pneumonia.
Steve hesitated at the question, standing completely still in the hallway.  It was so close to the questions he had turned over his mind during his trip across the country, the ones with sharp edges that he’d tried smooth down, carrying them until they’d overwhelmed him at the Grand Canyon.  So close — but he could still feel the tacit dismissal when Tony threw the socks away, the sense that he was just another
Sprinting full out, Steve cursed himself as he broke through the foliage onto Terrace Drive.  His mistake became obvious as he ran; Steve had taken too long to reach them by wanting the high ground.  With Tony in the air, the high ground didn’t offer that much of an advantage, and Steve’s doubts increased with every step that he would actually surprise Loki from behind.
Usually with that came the terror of their last days together, the fear that sat like a weight in his chest as Tony struggled to breath, his lips a faint blue and the air moving in and out with a  hollow rattle that echoed throughout the room.  He remembered seeing Tony in the tub that last time, surreptitiously enjoying the long lines of Tony’s body, the wiry muscle beneath the olive skin, the contrast of his dark hair, the beautiful blue of the disc in his chest with the silver casing around it.  Even sick, he had been so beautiful.
Tony stayed in the bedroom for the rest of the afternoon, lying on the bed and staring up at the ceiling.  He only ventured out once the sky had darkened outside the window and he hadn’t heard any sounds from the rest of the apartment for a very long time.  Steve was asleep, curled up and facing the back of the couch.  Tony clicked off the radio.  He went to the toilet and used cool water from the sink to rinse off, still sticky from the day at the ballgame.
Training at Camp LeHigh was the hardest thing Steve had ever done.  It started with standing in the line and seeing exactly what he was up against.  He appreciated Agent Carter’s response to Hodge, but it certainly didn’t help the harassment he received.  His stuff would constantly disappear only to be found in the most compromising locations.  He’d tried to stake out a bunk in one of the corners of the barracks, but he was forced to move to one in the middle.  He was alternately humiliated, sabotaged, or ignored.
After that, it was like his body was running independently from his mind.  All the things he’d ever dreamed of doing came without a struggle.  It wasn’t until the Hydra agent had committed suicide that Steve stopped and considered what had happened.
Steve was leaning against the concrete wall still looking east, when he heard the roof access door open then clatter shut.  The sun was now overhead, well on its way to its zenith.  Tony came to stand next to him, and Steve could sense his hesitancy.
Tony wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, but it was dark outside the windows, the lights both from ships moving through the bay and on the shore beyond winking in the darkness.  Steve led him over to the the couch and pulled him down on top of him, Tony’s head pillowed on Steve’s chest.  Tony felt himself completely relax for the first time in a very long time — maybe even since before he’d snapped that iron gauntlet.  It would be all right, he thought as he drifted off.  With Steve by his side, everything would be all right.
“See, that’s the opposite of what I just said,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes.  He raised his hands, the repulsers humming as they charged.  “What’s the deal?  What do you want, and why’d you bring your little friend?”
“I appreciate that.”  He met Tony’s eyes again and looked relieved.  “I think we have her belongings — I’ll make sure that Helen has them at the desk for you.  Take all the time you need in here.  No one will need this room until you leave.”  With that, the doctor left, given Tony’s shoulder a squeeze as he walked out.  Tony sat in the chair and looked out the window, the grass still green on the lawn.  A gentle breeze moved through the room with both the window and door opened.
Steve allowed himself a small smile at that.  He settled onto the edge of his bed, the sheets and blankets warm from the stove, and put his elbows on his knees.  “You drink a lot of alcohol, Stark,” Steve started to say.
“Yeah,” Tony said, “now.”  He walked over to the elevator and hit the button.  While the elevator was moving, he tried to come up with something to say, but nothing came to him.  The doors opened out into the living area of Steve’s apartment.  Jarvis must have warned Steve he was coming, but he didn’t turn around when the elevator softly dinged and Tony stepped out.
Tony reached up and cupped Steve’s face, gently kissing him.  Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and buried his face into Tony’s neck.  He started to cry, his tears warm on Tony’s bare neck and chest.  Tony gently stroked the back of Steve’s head and murmured into his hair.
Steve watched the sun rise over the horizon, the golden light suffusing Brooklyn before it hit the East River, knowing that just over a mile away, the last survivor who was still in the hospital after the Battle of New York was on the helipad, watching his last sunrise with his family.
“What brings you to Manhattan?”  Steve was looking at him intently, and Tony found it hard to meet his gaze.  It had been almost twenty-five years since he’d last seen the good Captain, but he hadn’t forgotten the force of his attention — it was like looking directly into the sun.
His emotions had settled deep into his chest, and Steve could feel the anxiety, the grief, the loss and displacement, the fear as though they were pushing down on his heart, the way the arc reactor must feel heavy in Tony’s chest.  All of his feelings were so tangled up, so tightly wound, he knew he would never find a way to untangle them.  He could remember the echos of it from when his ma had died but without any of the relief he’d felt knowing that at least she wasn’t suffering anymore, that at least she could breathe easy again and her soul was free, no longer confined to the convalescent ward.
“He told me —“  Steve had to stop, feeling the tears choke him and close off his throat.  He cleared it roughly.  “He told me that, if he could, he’d give it to me in an instant.”  A quiet sob worked its way out of his mouth, and Steve hid his face again.  “Where is that Tony Stark, Nat?  Where is that man, who wanted to give me the most beautiful thing in the world?”
Tony opened his mouth to protest, suddenly feeling very wrong footed, but Bucky waved away any response he might have made.  “If he gets TB, he’ll die from it.  You’ll see, if you stick around long enough for him to get pneumonia.”
“Mrs. Rogers — she started to decompensate last night,” Dr. Hudson said, his voice pitched low and gentle.  “She had been doing okay, but two mornings ago her cough was much worse, and  she began to bring up a large amount of blood yesterday.  I think the disease ruptured one of the arteries in her lungs because she became very pale before becoming unresponsive.  She stopped being able to breath on her own, and she died late last night, at 10:48.”
“Anyway,” Tony continued good-naturedly, “you gave me some of the best months of my life — but if you ever tell Loki that, I’ll be forced to kill you.”
He hadn’t even realized he was hyperventilating until he felt someone’s hand on his back.  He jerked away violently, splashing water onto the floor, when he heard Steve’s voice say, “It’s okay, Tony.  It’s just me.  I told Buck I’d come check on you because of —” Steve trailed off, but Tony knew what he meant.
“Then you shouldn’t be afraid to ask him,” Natasha countered, not unkindly.  “Weren’t you the one who said you wanted to hear it from him, not read it in a Shield file?  Didn’t you say you were tired of people making assumptions about you just because you’re Captain America, and they think that means they know you?”
“Yeah, we’re just going to have to agree to disagree on that one.”  Tony looked back to find Loki still grinning at him.
Tony huffed a humorless laugh to himself at that but didn’t say anything further.  “What I was saying,” Steve tried again, “is that you drink quite a bit most days.  But you only drink enough to end up here on December 15.  Specifically at night.  And somehow you never sober up enough for me to let you out until the 17th.”
Bucky made weekly trips to Brooklyn City Hospital to act as postman, dropping off letters from Steve and picking up letters from Sarah.  One morning he got home just before noon, looking exhausted.  “One of the guys on the job cut off a couple’a fingers with the shears for cutting the metal,” he explained between bites of the late breakfast Steve had kept warm for him on the boiler.  “Bled all over the place.  It was awful.  The guy screamed bloody murder too.  The foreman had to stop production, and then he wanted us to stay overtime to make up the work.  Tony, do you mind dropping off the letter for Sarah?  I told her I’d be there today, and she’ll worry if the letter doesn’t show up.”
Steve sat next to him, ghosting his fingers over the drawing so as not to smear it.  “Remember when he showed up?  His strange clothes?  I think we still have those shoes somewhere.  How he didn’t seem to understand basic stuff everyone knows?  And all that crazy stuff he talked about with the fever?  Maybe he’s not from here.”
snap — it all became too much.  Their individual experiences with PTSD, the nightmares, the scars — both emotional and physical — that was what finally what tore them apart.  Tony was never quite able to recapture the peace they’d built around the cabin; never quite able to find that easy intimacy they’d established there or open himself up again like he had during those idyllic years.  Something stayed with him, after watching Peter dissolve away in his arms and Thanos’s ship appear in the sky over the compound.  After his heart stopped when he’d thought that Cap had died in the rubble.  The pain that had seared through every nerve ending in his right arm, burning muscle and sinew as he’d saved the universe one last time.  They were all things he just couldn’t shake, things that stayed with him the way nothing else had.
The notes hung in the air after he’d stopped singing.  Steve laced his fingers together, still holding Tony’s gaze.  “What are you mourning, Tony?”
Bucky gave him a knowing look through the mirror.  “I assume it’s not because I suddenly don’t qualify any more,” he said drily.  “They must have pulled my number and decided I’m more use in Europe than at the Navy Yard.”
The realization hit him so forcibly it took his breath away: for the first time in his life, he was truly lonely.
Tony’s expression shifted at Steve’s explanation, and Steve could tell he didn’t believe him.  “I’m fine. The doctor usually makes me stay overnight — get some IV antibiotics in me, a little oxygen. I’ll be back to driving you crazy tomorrow,” Tony responded.  Steve was surprised — and a little relieved — to find that Tony also seemed out of sorts, his joke falling flat.
The expo was pushed from Steve’s mind until the day Bucky got his orders.  Bucky told him about the 107th in the alley after driving off the jerk from the movies theater and promised Steve a visit to the future with the two girls Bucky had found for the evening.
They left early the next morning, taking the road that overlooked Lake Mead before arriving at the Hoover Dam.  They parked on the Nevada side and walked out onto the dam until Tony was standing in Nevada and Steve in Arizona, looking out over the bright blue-green water.  They went on the dam and power plant tours, although Tony spent most of the time in the back muttering about how dumbed down the engineering explanations were.  Steve spent a long time looking at the topographical map from the 1940s with the original exhibit building on it.  They ended the day on the Bypass Bridge that overlooked the dam.
“Wait,” Tony said, and he scooted closer, peering around Steve to find a pile of socks stacked neatly by his thigh with skeins of almost-matching thread sitting next to the socks.  “Are you fixing
That earned him a more genuine smile from Bucky, which Tony wasn’t expecting.  “Heard the whole thing, did you?”
The apartment itself had been furnished in a somewhat nondescript but comfortable style, but Steve thought he could see Tony’s fingerprints on some of it.  The couches were a comfortable dark brown leather, and the floor was some kind of dark synthetic wood.  There were thick, soft rugs on the floor and a fireplace set into one of the support beams in the glass wall with a balcony beyond.  The open living space led into a kitchen, with dark stone as the countertop.  There was a small sitting area, more intimate than the living room, set off from the kitchen.  Opposite the kitchen was a hallway that led down to what Steve assumed were bedrooms and a bathroom.
Steve came suddenly and completely awake, his heart pounding in his chest.  It felt like before the serum, when he used to have trouble catching his breath, his heart feeling like it was going to come completely out of his chest.  The sheets were wrapped around him, damp and musty from sweat, and Steve tried to roll away, falling onto the floor in a tangle of linens and blankets.  When he pushed himself up onto his forearms, he could see the lightening of the horizon beyond the buildings, the grey suffusing the dark sky as dawn inched towards Manhattan.
Bucky just shook his head.  “I don’t know, pal,” he said.  “This is the first I heard of it.  But I know when they first said she had to go into quarantine, we gave ‘em that number in case of emergencies.”
And sometimes, so deep into the night he knew it was only a short time before the sky started to lighten again in the east, heralding the arrival of morning, he thought of Tony.  Steve would think about the bravery it had taken for Tony to get that thing implanted in his chest, wondering what kind of terrible injury could cause shrapnel to be embedded so far into his chest that he needed such a thing.  He’d wonder where Tony had come from and if he’d gone back there.  He would close his eyes, lying on the narrow bunk, and think of Tony pulling him into his chest: the warm comfort of his body, the support of his knees behind Steve’s, the warm metal of the disk pressing into his back.
“Steve,” he answered, his voice barely audible, “you have to believe me, if I could, I would give it to you in an instant.  But I can’t, and it won’t help your heart conditions.”
But Steve knew what that was.  It was simply deflection.  He was painfully aware — often literally — of his own shortcomings, and pointing out the shortcomings of others didn’t change any of that.  So he thought of Bucky and that last night together.  Bucky’s painful admission about Steve reverberated within him, and he was determined to live up to how his best friend saw him.  He knew it was unlikely, but Steve wanted to do everything within his power to get to Europe and protect Bucky the way that Buck= had for him so many times before.
His enhanced hearing picked up her pause on the plush carpet, the sound of her bare feet against it when she turned back to face him.  “What did you say?” she said, and even though her voice was pitched low, Steve flinched, her voice filling up the apartment, surrounding him and ringing in his ears.
He heard the rustle of the bedding as Tony shifted position and his response of, “Sure, if you prefer.”  Steve leaned back in his chair, looking up at the tiles of the drop ceiling.  He could hear the hesitation in Tony’s voice when he said, “Sleep well, I guess,” and clicked off the lights.
Bucky looked at the drawing before giving Steve an incredulous look.  “He has this thing in his chest, and all you can tell me is
He knew as soon as he walked in that he couldn’t stay there.  The emotions of the last 24 hours crashed down on him, and he sat in one of the chairs in the living room with his head in his hands.  Steve kept seeing Tony’s blank looks, his eye-rolls, and the contempt whenever Steve tried to prove he could keep up.
Steve blinked at her.  “Why would I?” he answered finally.  His shoulders slumped, and he looked around at the neighborhood, the green leaves fluttering in the breeze with the red brick buildings behind them, as though it would offer some further explanation.  “I mean, you have these phones that can answer all of your questions — and you can watch baseball on TV if you can’t afford the tickets — and food that’s cheaper, lasts longer, and is easier to make — and antibiotics and vaccines so people like me — I mean, how I used to be — people like me don’t die from infections.”  He paused, still breathing heavily, before adding, “You can treat TB.”
Steve slid the ring over his index finger, and it was only wide enough to brush against his first knuckle.  Natasha would understand his ma’s desire to fight for her country, the pain of her defection to America, her insistence at always getting back up regardless of what her alcoholic husband had done to her, her willingness to stand up for what she believed in, which she passed on to her son.
He saw the look of fear on Bucky’s face as he boarded the train, the vulnerability when he admitted that he thought Steve was braver.  The look of pride Bucky always tried to conceal when he found Steve in yet another alley, knocked down in the dirt by another bully but still unwilling to give up.  He saw the flash of relief in Bucky’s eyes when Steve had said this wasn’t it — this wasn’t the end of the line.
Tony looked at the close proximity of the beds and had to resist the urge to tap at his arc reactor.  But he couldn’t come up with a reasonable excuse to sleep on the couch except the truth — and clearly he wasn’t going to offer that up.
Steve was next to him, helping him into a sitting position.  “Jesus Christ, Tony, what the hell was that?” he asked, and Tony looked over to see Steve pale, his blue eyes wide in fear.
It had been a long time since Tony had had friends, if he had ever really had them in the first place.  Sure, there were Pepper and Rhodey, but they had never settled into each other’s lives the way that Natasha, Clint, and Bruce had settled into his.  Pepper travelled for SI, and that was an easy excuse as their relationship slowly crumbled, never to recover after she’d watched him go into the wormhole.  She wasn’t able cope with the stress of wondering if he would come home, wondering if that missed call was the last she’d ever get from him, wondering if she’d find out about the death of Iron Man on the news.  Rhodey had his other obligations as well, and while they came back together as if he’d never been gone, he was certainly gone a lot in between those times.
Tony’s hands came up and ghosted over Steve’s sides, the heat searing through his undershirt, before they settled on his hips.  At first Tony gripped too tightly, and he pulled Steve closer until Steve was standing between his legs.  He burned his face into Steve’s stomach, and Steve’s arms instinctively wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, one hand cupping the back of his head, his fingers buried in his soft hair.
Steve was back to drifting somewhere between asleep and awake, going from one thought to the next like beads on a rosary, his nose buried in the hair at the crown of Tony’s head, when suddenly Tony spoke, startling him back awake.  “Did you mean what you said?” he asked quietly, his breath hot against Steve’s chest.  “That I don’t have to be alone?”
.  There was nothing after that, no plan, no life to go home to, no getting back to normal.  Not even the thought of a relationship with Agent Carter was enough to think beyond the assault on the Red Skull’s base.  That’s all there was for Steve: the mission to take out Schmidt and stop Hydra.  After that — well, there wasn’t anything after.
Steve found him behind the provisions store and the Barnes’s cabin.  Stark had a bottle in one hand, his arms flung open and his head tipped back as he yelled “Rejoice!  Rejoice!” up into the sky, dressed only in a pair of pants and an undershirt.  Steve couldn’t help but notice his tone missed merry by a long shot and fell somewhat closer to melancholy.
“A relative, actually,” Loki said.  He spread his arms wide.  “He had a yearning to see Midgard, and who am I to deny him?”
That person then dug into his pocket and produced the monitor attached to his EKG leads and pulse ox, offering it to Steve.  Steve’s hands reached out, completely independent from his mind, and took the monitor from Tony, their fingers brushing as he handed off the small plastic case.
Tony’s question initially didn’t quite register with Steve.  He’d been laying out rolls to go into the oven, and he’d only been half listening to the conversation, lost in the comforting methodical nature of peeling the rolls apart and placing them on the baking sheet, pleased with symmetry.  When he looked up, the question slammed into him: “You know you can order groceries whenever you want?  And order anything you want?”
In the dark room, with the antibiotics slowly dripping in and the hum of the air moving through vents, the beeping of the pulse ox and the rustle as Tony moved on the bed, Steve’s fears began to creep in.  He knew how sick Tony had been those last few days in January 1940 — and if he hadn’t known, he had certainly seen it in Bucky’s face, an expression Steve wasn’t used to seeing his friend direct at other people.  Tony had wasted away, hardly able to drink enough to stay hydrated, let alone eat enough.  The Depression had already melted away most of the fat Tony had had from his life in the 21st century, but the ongoing infection had burned the rest of it away, until Tony had been left gaunt, all sharp lines and angles.  With nothing else to offer, Steve had resolved to give Tony the only thing Steve was able to give — his friendship.  Unlike his ma, who had died presumably alone in the TB ward, Steve was determined to be there until the bitter end.  Steve had been grateful that Bucky understood without making him talk about it, sitting by the bedside whenever Steve couldn’t be there.
“No,” Steve said.  “Tony took the hit to the chest, and his armor stopped working.  I caught Loki with my shield but didn’t see what happened after Tony hit the ground.”
Every once in a while, Bucky would come home flush and try to coax Steve out with some girls he’d found.  Before his mother had died, Steve would usually say yes even if he preferred the company of Bucky and Tony to whatever date Bucky — or more specifically, the girl Bucky had asked out — had found for him.  It had taken a long time for Tony to realize that Bucky was providing Steve cover and that neither man really expected anything to come of it.  After, however — and that’s how everyone in the apartment seemed to think of their lives now, Before and After — Steve never agreed, no matter how Bucky or Tony tried to convince him.
He drove south on CA-1, hugging the coastline and stopping frequently to watch the waves on the shoreline, the crashing a soothing susurrus when the wind in his ears had faded away.  Every night, he watched the sun set into the Pacific, blazing a path across the water that seemed to lead straight back to Steve.  He sketched out the beaches and trees, the forest and cliffs, wishing he had someone to show them to.  When he closed his eyes, he could feel Bucky’s shoulder and hip pressed into his, the wonder in his eyes as he flipped through the drawings he’d made of the thing in Tony’s chest.
Tony looked away sharply, and he knocked the whiskey over.  The bottle clattered onto the table, shattering, and droplets of the alcohol caused small flares where they splashed into the lantern.  The liquid ran across the surface of the table and dripped onto the floor, the
Steve was still struggling to believe he’d been chosen when Dr. Erskine sat him down the night before his procedure to talk with him.  There had been music playing from one of the other barracks, and Steve almost couldn’t take the sound.  It reminded him too much of Tony and his ma, and it felt like the failures of his life were pressing in, crowding around him until he doubted everything, especially his ability to live up to Dr. Erskine’s expectations.
Steve flipped the page and started drawing out Tony’s hands as they’d looked that day, clutching the edge of the bathtub — long thin fingers, the tendons and veins standing out on the back of his hands, the nails kept short and neat given his work fixing things.  He remembered the way they’d clutched the towel before Steve had shown him out to drape it over his head and shoulders instead of letting it hang in his face.
As he pointed the noise of the plane towards the water, he’d felt at peace.  He would finally see his ma again, and Bucky, even though he’d only been dead a few days.  Once he put the plane in the water, once he had fulfilled his ultimate purpose and the war was won, Steve would be able to hug his ma and give her a kiss.  He’d feel Bucky’s hand on his shoulder, telling him he’d done good, pal.  Maybe even Tony would be there.
“You don’t have to rub it in my face,” the guy barked back, shoving his hands in his pockets.  “Some of us grew up in this neighborhood and don’t like the way you people have changed it.”
The light from the stove flickered across Tony’s face, the tracks of tears shiny in the dim light.  Every once in a while, he’d draw in a deep, shuddering breath — still almost completely silent — and let out a soft sob of air.  It was hard for Steve to parse the look in his eyes, but his expression was easy enough: desolation, grief, and, most strongly, loneliness.
He saw the face of his ma, blood on her face and eyes defiant.  But it wasn’t the face he recognized, with wrinkles at the corners of her eyes and a jaded look from living on the margins with a husband who preferred drinking over working.  It was a younger version, how she must have looked on Easter morning, 1916, with a rifle slung over her shoulder.  Her blond hair escaping from her braid, her blue eyes fiery and unyielding, the expression she must have worn defending the Post Office with her friends and fellow patriots, uncompromising in the face of an indifferent British government.  It was an expression of stubbornness he had seen on his own face many times, the expression that said this is the hill she was willing to die on.  It was the expression he’d seen on her face every time his father had taken a swipe at her, every time she got back up.
The guy’s head shot up, dripping blood onto the sidewalk.  “Whad?” He asked, his voice jumping an octave as he jerked his head around to look back towards them.  But Steve and Tony had already gone into the store, the door swinging closed behind them.
The morning of the funeral mass, Bucky and Tony played Rock Paper Scissors on who was going to make Steve get ready, and Tony lost.  Bucky put water on the boiler, and they filled the bathtub in the hall together, making sure the water was warm enough.  Tony then helped Steve to the common bathroom.
It was as though the song and the scent had unlocked something in Steve; the buildings rose up around them like the walls of a sanctuary, the stars above their heads the vaulted ceilings.  They came onto the main street between the Rand building and the provisions store.  Glancing to the side as they crossed, it was like Steve was looking towards the nave, where the congregation should be seated.  The feeling of Christmas mass, of the hushed expectation right before the priest started the liturgy, made Steve freeze in the middle of the street.  Looking the other direction, Steve had to blink for a moment, the image of an altar with the aspe behind superimposed over the wooden buildings and the dirt road.  Bowing his head, Steve felt the silence settled over him, and he had to resist the urge to genuflect there.
Tony was a little surprised at how a life could be reduced to so few belongings.  He didn’t know how long she had been in the TB ward, but it seemed like she should have more to show for her life than this.  Presumably, they had kept her clothes to prevent the spread of the infection.  Had she had books?  Knitting?  Her own darning egg?  Her own radio after she’d given Steve the large one in the apartment?
Steve Rogers was gay, and Bucky was prepared to do whatever it took to protect Steve from the consequences of it.  Not only that, Steve must have had other relationships, or at least trysts, because Bucky wasn’t surprised, or disgusted, or even particularly put out by Steve bringing another man home.  Although it certainly appeared they had never talked about it directly either.
Tony helped him into his nicest dress pants, shirt, and tie.  He felt ashamed when he realized Steve didn’t have a suit to wear, but it was too late to find one.  Bucky and he both wore their darkest suits, complete with vests.  At the church, they flanked Steve in the front row, their dark heads bowed, while Steve kept his blond head up, staring ahead at nothing.
The capsule opened, and Steve stumbled out, almost falling.  His voice was hoarse and his throat sore, and he felt sweat all over his body, the muscles trembling and breath coming fast.   People swarmed around him, but he felt removed, completely separate from them as though his ma, Bucky, and Tony surrounded him, keeping them at arm’s length.
Tony realized his mistake and closed his eyes briefly.  “I have metal shards in my chest,” Tony recited slowly, his eyes still closed, “from an explosion.”  He could smell Steve: a mix of sweat and beer, the golden tang of skin warmed by the sun, and the hint of Ivory soap underneath that.  Steve’s breath was coming quicker, and Tony could feel it across the skin around the reactor.  Steve’s fingertips were also still on the metal casing, and their warmth seemed to burn the skin over his left pectoral.  “It keeps the shards from going too far into my heart and killing me.”
Steve failed to reappear, and Tony became restless.  He walked up a hill and down another, where he found Steve sitting under a tree, his elbows on his knees with his head bowed.  Tony sat down next to him, and Steve shifted, putting his head on Tony’s shoulder.  Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s shoulders and pulled him closer.  It was then that Steve turned and buried his face into Tony’s chest, the sobs that wouldn’t come all day rising up to be muffled by the wool of Tony’s jacket.
When it was finally just Tony and him, Steve turned off the TV and slumped down further into the cushions.  He felt wrung out but still on high alert, hyperaware of Tony as he wandered around the common area.  The old fear was back, that Tony would disappear again, even though Steve now had all the pieces to explain what had happened so long ago, so many lifetimes in the past.
He disappeared into what must have been the bedroom, and Tony heard a deep voice rumble inarticulately with Steve’s slightly higher response.  Steve reappeared with a cake of soap and a small towel.  He shepherded Tony back through the living room into the kitchen.  “There’s a bath in the hallway, but the water’s always cold,” Steve said, handing Tony the soap and towel.  “Sink too, if you need it.  Toilet’s off the kitchen — there’s a sink in there as well.  I’ll leave the door cracked, so you can just come back in when you’re done.  I have some work to do here.  Just be quiet when you come back in — I don’t want to wake Buck.”
Steve gasped for breath, his chest heaving as he sucked the air in and out.  “What?” he asked, tearing his gaze away from the tenement building to look down at her.  “What did you say?”
“Of course not!”  Tony replied.  “I just want you to know you can get whatever you want.  If you like the fresh stuff we keep down here, get enough for your floor too.  I’m sure you have to eat a lot to keep up with the serum and all that.  Besides, you get cranky when you cut your chow.”
He thought of Steve’s eating habits back at the tower, and suddenly Tony could see it as clearly as if he were there to see the whole thing.  Bucky — or Steve, for that matter — would get paid, and they would buy groceries.  Things with a good shelf life with as many nutrients as they could pack into it, food that would last them until the next paycheck.  They would probably celebrate a little, have a big meal with something special.  Meat, maybe, or fresh fruit or vegetables.  Their supplies would dwindle, and they would do their best to augment their food where they could.  Maybe do some odd jobs for a friend?  Sneak some food from someone at work?  Trade a picture or homemade card with someone who worked in the bakery downstairs?  They would then cut back, making what food was left last until the next payday.
“Much as I want to do that, I think it’s better I stay here,” Cap answered slowly, his face pinched with concern.
They rode in silence for a few moments.  In a whirlwind of movement, Natasha turned on Steve and poked him in the chest, hard.   “He’s not going to die,” she snapped, emphasizing each word with another poke to his sternum.  Steve just sighed.
Steve wondered, as he watched the Iron Man suit scream into view.  Tony took a sharp bank turn, assisted by the Tower, and headed upward into the portal.  Steve felt his mouth open as he craned his neck upward to watch Tony become smaller and smaller, only a red speck before he disappeared into the portal.
A breeze kicked up, blowing sand and dirt between them, and Steve became aware of exactly how cold it was with the clear sky.  He thought of his warm bed with its pile of heavy blankets, the comforting crackle of the fire in his stove, the memory of the dream he’d been chasing when Natasha woke him up.  Goosebumps rippled over his arms, the breeze moving through the hair as it stood on end, and he wondered how much Tony had had to drink to not be feeling the cold.  “Shouldn’t you be coming in?” he asked.
It felt like all of the air in Steve's body was pulled out at Bucky’s statement, so calm and matter of fact, and Steve came to stand in the doorway, bracing himself against the frame.  “What did you say?”
Narrowing his eyes, the guy took another look, running his eyes from Steve’s head down to his boots.  “That’s impossible.”
“Your boyfriend from the War shoulda died in a concentration camp,” the guy said, enunciating every word, “just like you two fudge packers.”
Natasha looked down at him, a faint smile on her face.  She brushed his hair off his forehead.  “Me too,
They made small talk while they walked towards Steve’s apartment.  Tony made up a cover story on the fly, telling Steve he was a mechanic who had moved to Brooklyn looking for work, as there was none to be had in Iowa.  Steve explained that he worked as a freelance artist in the area, leaving out the part where he only worked when he was well enough.  He went on to tell Tony about his roommate, Bucky, who was a sheet metal worker at the Brooklyn Navy Yard.  Steve explained that he worked the night shift and would be asleep at the apartment.
“We weren’t arguing,” Steve shot back, but even he had to admit his tone was a little defensive.  Natasha raised both her eyebrows, and Steve had to resist the urge to duck his head.  “Well, okay.  But it wasn’t really an
Each of the Howling Commandos’ files told a similar story.  They had all survived the rest of the war, each going on to careers and families back at home.  None of them was still alive, but Steve was happy to know that something good had come of the war, that they had all built legacies that still lived on.
Steve’s food consumption ran on cycles.  Right after his grocery deliveries, he ate by himself in his apartment.  His calorie consumption was high, mostly made up of pre-packaged foods high in fats and refined carbohydrates.  He usually gained some weight during this time, mostly in fat stores — not enough to be noticeable to the people around him but enough that it formed an inflection point when Jarvis graphed it.  As his grocery supplies dwindled, he first cut his calorie consumption and dropped the weight.  He then started eating more in the kitchen of the common area, often with the other Avengers.  As this food was generally fresher and overall healthier with less fat and fewer refined carbohydrates, his weight stabilized with the fat stores dropping and his muscle mass increasing.  Once his own kitchen was empty, he ate food exclusively from the common area kitchen, sometimes sneaking it back to his own apartment.  During this time, he cut his calorie intake even further, and his weight dropped, both in fat stores and muscle mass.  After about a week of this, he’d finally place a grocery order with Jarvis.  Once his groceries were delivered, the cycle started over again.
Desperation loomed over Steve’s every waking moment, and he didn’t know what else to do.  When Bucky came home from work that morning, Steve knew he could see it in his eyes.  Bucky shooed Steve from the bedroom, demanding that Steve get cleaned up.  Steve couldn’t remember the last time he’d bathed or even washed his face — when he thought about it, he wondered if it had been before Christmas, and they were already a few days into January.
“Whatever you want,” Steve choked out through his tears, “I’ll get you whatever you want, Tony.”  He gathered Tony to his chest, gently cradling him in his arms.
Tony opened his eyes as Steve slowly stood up and placed the towel with glass onto the table next to the broken bottle.  Standing before him, Steve felt his lips part, drawing in a slow breath.  Pinching out the lantern, he reached out to slide his hand along Tony’s jawline and into his dark hair, running his thumb against his lips.  In the darkness, Steve felt his senses heightened, and Tony’s skin was hot under Steve’s hand, his lips slightly wet, his breath warm as it washed over the pad of his thumb.  Tony gave a small gasp and closed his eyes again, tipping his head ever so slightly into Steve’s hand, nuzzling into the touch.
Steve took a step forward out of Tony’s grasp, his own hands in his pockets.  He loomed over the other man, clearly unimpressed.  “You mean, ‘the good ol’ days?’” He replied, his tone mocking.  “When people couldn’t step out with whomever they loved?  When women couldn’t have their own bank accounts or credit cards?  When African Americans had to fight in different units and go to different schools and drink out of separate water fountains?  When you could be thrown in jail or castrated or made to take hormones for loving a man instead of a woman?  I guess I’m not sure what exactly made them better.”
“One dictatorship to another,” she answered with a shrug.  “I was 7 years old when the USSR collapsed, not that it made a big difference in the Red Room.  The uniforms changed color, but the rest of life didn’t change.  Let’s just say I wouldn’t go back either.”
Tony got to his feet slowly with Steve’s help, his face pale and sweaty.  They got onto the quinjet together, and Steve hovered nearby while Tony sat in the back.  Steve hung onto one of the leather loops hanging from the ceiling, swaying as Clint piloted, and watched Tony.  When he thought no one was paying attention, Tony would rub at the chest plate, bracing his hand against it as he coughed quietly.
Steve seemed to make his own concerted effort to stay away from Tony as well after that.  Tony made a full recovery as expected, back to his usual health a few weeks later when an assemble call came for the Avengers.  When they arrived at Central Park, they were surprised to find a blue giant freezing the Lake and trees.
Steve longed to turn on all the overhead lights to look at the color of Tony’s skin.  Even in the glare of the monitor and the reflected lights of Manhattan from the window, Steve could pick out the flush of red over his cheeks, the faint gleam of sweat at his hairline.  Steve forced himself to remember that this Tony was healthier — he wasn’t malnourished from months of eating during the Depression, and he trained daily with either Happy or one of the Avengers to stay in fighting shape.  This Tony did the heavy lifting in his workshop and drank protein shakes offered by Dum-E even when he was too busy to eat.  He had fresh fruit and vegetables, the finest restaurants New York could offer, and Pepper and Jarvis kept a sharp eye on him when Tony was being neglectful of his own health.
In the mornings, Bucky would come home from work, and the three of them would eat breakfast together.  Tony would come in and out of the apartment for whatever jobs he’d lined up the day before or could drum up if he didn’t have anything else to do.  Steve would work at his drafting table in the mornings into afternoon when the light was best while Bucky slept.  Bucky would then get up, and they would have dinner together before Bucky went back to work.  Steve and Tony would spend time together before bed.  Steve kept the radio on constantly, filling the apartment with jazz, blues, and swing music.
Steve peered closer, confused.  The border had flowery embroidery at the top and the bottom in varying shades of red and blue, while the lettering in the middle read “You miss 100% of the Nazis you don’t punch.”  Giving Tony a sidewise glance, the corner of his mouth quirked up in amusement.  “I feel like needlepoint has changed since the Depression.”
Tony nodded.  “I think I impressed him with the radio.  He told everyone we met on the street about it, after introducing me as a cousin of his.”
The silence was transformed this time, and when Steve turned back to Tony, pulling his shirt off his shoulders and hanging it up next to his vest, Tony’s face was slack with shock, his eyes wide and his mouth open.  He seemed to register what Steve had said and closed his mouth with a snap.  “You,” Tony said accusingly, “are far too observant.”
“I have a deal with Banner,” Tony explained.  “He uses it for his elixirs, and I help cover the importation cost.”
Clint and Natasha were the ones who had really made the tower into a home and the Avengers into a family of sorts.  They cooked dinner and harassed Tony and Bruce into eating with them on a somewhat regular schedule.  Natasha would do yoga and meditate with Bruce, while Clint played video games with Tony.  They both made Tony spar with them, sometimes to help his technique and other times to help him blow off some steam.  Somehow, the two SHIELD agents pulled the other two out of their respective comfort zones and into the common area.
Steve walked with him to the rail station, where a cluster of other men dressed in drab olive loitered.  Bucky lifted his chin, his hat at a jaunty angle.  Steve found himself looking around, but when Bucky caught his eye, he just shook his head.  “I asked them not to come,” was the only explanation he offered.
“Look, I know we’re not very close,” Steve ground out, every word like a stab to his heart.  He leaned forward in the chair, his elbows back on his knees, put his head in his hands, and looked at the floor.  He knew he’d never be able to get through this if he looked at Tony.  “But if you don’t mind, I’d rather not talk to the doctor and just stay here.  It’ll make me feel better.  It’s not like I’ll sleep if I go back to my room anyway, knowing you’re here.”
Tony and Bucky were roughly the same height, and Bucky stared straight into Tony’s eyes.   Tony didn’t move, willing himself to stay relaxed.  They stood that way, neither backing down, even when Steve turned in his chair, making the legs scrape across the tile.  Finally, the corner of Bucky’s mouth moved up, a grin spreading its way across his lips from one side to the other.  “James Buchanan Barnes,” he said, apparently satisfied with what he saw, “but everyone calls me Bucky.”  He extended his hand.
he thought as he looked back at the record player, his gaze falling on the selection of records Tony had picked out for him,
“Especially the car.  And the house in Malibu,” Tony added as an afterthought.  “You’re allowed to be happy here.  He’d want that.  And you can do things you thought you’d do with him.  He’d want that too.”
There was certainly no mention of their last night together before Bucky left for Europe, of the unspoken fears on both sides as Bucky got on that train.
Steve flinched and picked up a roll to give his hands something to do.  He closed his eyes as the world stopped around him.  He tried to absorb the pain, but it hurt — it really did.  Steve knew that Tony didn’t know, couldn’t remember going without some nights when they just didn’t have enough.  Sure, some days had been full of abundance, like the day they’d gone to Ebbets Field for his birthday.  But other days they’d all gone to bed hungry, Tony included.  He could remember getting sick sometimes, both when he lived with his ma and later with Bucky, because he just wasn’t getting enough.  It was how it went sometimes.  Steve still considered himself lucky it didn’t happen more often.
Tony appeared at Steve’s side, sleepily leaning into his space.  Steve slid his arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him close into his warmth.  “Remember this?” Steve asked, showing him the ring.
Steve took him to Medical, and this time he sat by Tony’s bed while they gave him antibiotics and fluids, unable to leave.  His mind filled in the gaps from one decade to the other, from when Tony had gotten sick to now.  This time, he didn’t leave, knowing that this time, Tony would die if he didn’t get better.
Back at the tower, everyone was sore and tired, as well as a little put out by the dissatisfying conclusion of their encounter with Loki.  They lounged around the common living room, the TV entertaining itself in the background.  Tony felt all the more confused and out of place.  He was starting to remember: the tenement apartment, the radio, the shabby couch and tiny bedroom with its two twin beds.  The afghans.  The bath down the hall, and the boiler for hot water.  The calla lilies.  Steve’s drawing table.
For Steve’s birthday, Tony brought three tickets to the Dodgers/Phillies game.  He let Bucky in on the secret so he could plan his sleep schedule but surprised Steve that morning.  Steve was sitting at the table, sleepily shoveling in some scrambled eggs Tony had gotten from someone the day before when Tony set the tickets on the table and slid them over to Steve.
Tony faltered for only a second before recovering, feeling a little lightheaded from the realization he was shaking his own grandfather’s hand.  “It’s a pleasure,” he managed to get out, but not without earning a questioning look from Bucky.
Bucky took another slurp of his coffee before using the mug to gesture to Tony.  “Tell the man thank you.  He came up with it all on his own.”
“You said you read Tony’s file,” Steve said, following her.  He dropped onto the matching couch, putting his head in his hands.  His words were rushed, and he could feel an edge of panic, the need to know what had happened to Tony that made him so anxious under that wet towel.
He looked up, elated, only to realize he was alone.  There was no one to celebrate with, no one who had known the struggles that had led up to this moment.  No one who had seen his lows and helped him through them.  No one who had seen the days when he could barely drag himself back up again.  It was just him and the body of the German spy.
The sun rose over Long Island as Steve sat there, motionless for hours, the sky fading from deep blues into pinks and oranges, its light sparkling across the water of the Long Island Sound and the East River.  The sky lightened into a light blue — but not quite the
Bucky stood transfixed, breathing slowly, as he watched the smoke gather around the engine.  Steve could see he was pale, and he would have bet good money his hands were shaking, which is why Bucky had them shoved in his pockets.  Bucky turned, looking down at Steve, and it was only for a moment that Bucky let Steve see the flash of panic, the fear that had followed him home in the dark hours earlier that morning.  Then it was gone, and Bucky pulled off his hat, wiping a small amount of sweat from his forehead with his jacket sleeve before replacing it.
In fact, it seemed that Bucky assumed the mugging was some kind of cover to give Steve a reason to bring Tony home to meet Bucky.  Tony could have laughed at the absurdity of it, if Bucky weren’t about to kick his ass over the misunderstanding.  The story was most certainly a cover, but Steve hadn’t come up with it and it wasn’t to cover up a homosexual encounter.
Tony looked down at the clothes, oddly overcome with gratitude at the small gesture, as well as the devotion between the friends.
His hand paused in her hair before resuming his easy rhythm.  He resented her concern, her ability to cut right to the heart of the issue.  He wanted to be left alone.  He wanted his ma, and Bucky, and the Tony he had known from before.
When Tony came upon him darning socks in the common living room, Steve was embarrassed.  He hadn’t expected Tony to be up from the workshop, and he certainly hadn’t expected him to ask about what he was doing.  But here, in the middle of the tower surrounded by everything he could possibly ask for, Steve could see how it looked to Tony.  An activity his ma had taught him, that had kept him and Bucky in warm socks through bitter Brooklyn winters when he couldn’t work or really even go outside, something he himself had taught Tony — well, it was old fashioned, wasn’t it?  Out of date.
“Stop,” she commanded, giving his wrist a little jerk.  “You have to stop.  You can’t go visit him if you’re going to be like this, and I know that’s the next thing you’re going to want to do.”
He’d expected it to hurt more, honestly.  Silence enveloped him, and everything was completely motionless once the Chitauri collapsed.  All Steve felt was his breath, his chest heaving to pull air in and out through his mouth.  The only sound in his ears was each sharp huff as he exhaled, his mouth dry.
It wasn’t the same though.  Steve wanted the warmth of Tony curled up behind him, having pulled Steve against his chest, his thighs tucked behind Steve’s.  He longed for the hum of the mechanical thing in Tony’s chest, the one he could hear whenever Tony was close enough once he knew what he was listening for.  He wanted the comfort of the blue light that always shined no matter how dark it was.  They’d only slept curled like a few times, but Steve had never felt that comfortable.
“Oh,” was all Bucky said in response as his head popped through the neck of his shirt, scattering water droplets from his wet hair everywhere.  “I guess I’m not 2B any more.” He ran a hand through his hair before adding some pomade.
The moon hung high and full over the desert when Steve was pulled from a deep and dreamless sleep.  Buried under a pile of blankets, he lay in his bed, warm and comfortable, somewhere between asleep and awake.  His thoughts circled around themselves lazily, and he was unable to get a hold of them as they blew across the edges of his mind like dust across the open space around Timely every time he tried to focus on them.
Steve sobbed, wiping his eyes with the back of one hand before covering them.  His short, shallow breaths transitioned to deeper, gulping gasps, and soon he was wheezing.
Tony sighed, covering Steve’s hand with his, the blue light of the arc reactor coming through between their fingers.  “Some day, Steve, they’ll find a cure for what you have.  But this isn’t it.”
He mostly remained upright between Bucky and Tony on the streetcar as it swayed on its tracks.  They helped Steve up the stairs to the apartment once they got back and deposited him on the couch.  Bucky waved good-bye as he left for work, laughing at Steve still curled up but now fast asleep.
Considering the ring, Tony nodded slowly.  “From what you and Bucky said, they were probably cut from the same terrifying cloth.  I wish I had gotten to meet her.”
Tony swallowed.  “There was an accident there last night,” he said.  “That’s probably why they weren’t able to answer the phone.”
“You realized you loved him when he refused to give you the arc reactor out of his chest?” she echoed, the skepticism clear in her voice.
He found he missed Steve: their easy closeness, the way they’d shared space, the touches that seemed out of place in this century.  It also made him think of the apartment, the hot bath, and Steve putting him to bed, protecting him the only way he knew how by hiding the arc reactor.
Steve shifted, stretching out his legs and leaning his back against the glass.  Natasha settled back against him once he was still, her head in his lap.  His hand came up automatically to run his fingers through her soft damp hair, gently combing through the curls.  “And do you?  Really want to be here?”
Steve’s hand was clenched at his side, and Tony could see it trembling, the movement reverberating into his arm.  “He’s not worth it, sweetheart,” Tony said.  “We shouldn’t let him ruin our day.”
A knock came on the door while Bucky was in the communal bathroom in the hallway.  Steve opened it to find an older man there, wearing an olive drab dress uniform for the Army.  He looked down at Steve, who saw his expression twist into disapproval before settling into confusion.  “James Barnes?” he asked, brandishing a letter.
“It’s okay, Steve,” Tony cut him off.  “I forgave you a long time ago for that.  You did what you thought you needed to do — you always did.”
Clint was harder to draw out.  He would appear at mealtimes but always seemed to stay on the periphery.  Steve watched him assess the room, noting the exits and the places where he could take cover. He would often sit on the back of the couch, looking out over the city beyond the windows, his bow cradled in his lap.  When given the chance, Clint kept Natasha between them, but Steve couldn’t tell who he was protecting.
He rode past the Santa Monica pier, where he now knew Tony had taken his first test flight, and through all of the Beaches: Long, Huntington, Newport, and Laguna.  He even went to a Dodgers game at Dodgers Stadium, only to see them lose to the Mets in what Steve saw as the height of bitter irony.
To help with the anxiety, he fell back into old habits.  He avoided ordering more things than he really needed.  He found frugality comforting, a connection back to the world he’d grown up in, the memories he had from before.  It also helped because he found just having so much
Once the water was warm, he poured it from the kettle back into the basin and knelt before Tony.  Dampening one of the towels and lathering up the soap, Steve gently washed him: first his face, wiping away the tears both old and new — then the dirt from his feet — and finally his hands, tracing the tendons along the back of Tony’s fingers before turning his hands over to clean the palms.
Steve gave him some tooth powder, and Tony took his towel from earlier and some warm water from the boiler and went into the bathroom.  He washed his face, requiring some trial and error to find a reasonable temperature.  He changed into the pajama pants that Bucky had left him, as well as the dark long-sleeved t-shirt he’d been wearing under the armor.  It covered the light from the arc reactor better than the light undershirt Bucky had given him earlier.  He then brushed his teeth as best he could with the powder and no brush, adding that to the mental list of things he was going to need if he ended up here a long time.
Tony knew, intellectually, that it wasn’t Steve’s fault, but it still felt like he’d ruined a good thing.
Tony kept up a steady patter during the ride, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel.  Steve half listened, looking out over the desert around them.  The last time he’d passed this way, he had taken the longer, southern route to the Grand Canyon.  Somehow, the northern route — through Las Vegas with the Hoover Dam only 45 minutes away — had seemed like something that belonged to Tony and Bucky, given how many hours they had spent discussing the dam’s architectural features, the structural wonder of how it had been built, how much power it generated and how much water it held back, and the changes it had wrought on the landscape by forming Lake Mead.
Steve landed heavily, staggering as he regained his footing, all of his attention on the suit.  As soon as the green light hit it, the suit went slack, limbs relaxed and head lolling.  The repulsers cut out, and the momentum carried it a few inches higher before gravity took over, pulling the suit back down to the ground.  When the suit began to fall, Steve had to scramble out of the way, knowing even he couldn’t catch its dead weight.
When it was all over, when they had tried shawarma at Tony’s insistence and almost fallen asleep at the table, when Fury had dismissed them, Steve went back to the apartment.
Tony waved him away, feeling his cheeks warm a little.  “I wanted to.  And who’s to say I didn’t want to see the game too?  I already told all my clients I wasn’t available today.”
Tony sighed and pulled on his long-sleeved shirt and undershirt, both of which were thankfully mostly dry.  He gathered up the soap and towel then walked back across the landing.  He silently pushed the door open, wanting to investigate a little further while Steve was distracted.  The apartment was shabby but clean.  He found four sets of dishes and silverware, all mismatched, in one of the cabinets.  There was hardly any food in one of the others — a mostly empty bag of flour, even less sugar, and a tin of coffee grounds.  Another cabinet revealed two potatoes and an onion.   He found a few pots and pans in the lower cabinet.
His chest tightened again, and Steve couldn’t catch his breath.  He tried for a few moments, humiliated by the gasping noises he made.  Running a hand over his face, Steve tried to hide the flush he could feel creeping up his neck and into his cheeks.  “I thought I would feel better being here,” he choked out, stumbling over all the things he couldn’t say.
“Yes,” Steve said, letting out a breath.  He could feel his tears soaking the blanket under his cheek.
He took a long drink, slurping it noisily, before adding, “Don’t make me tell your ma.  She’ll be very disappointed in you.”
Once his head felt a little better, he looked around him.  He seemed to be in an alley, but the asphalt looked wrong to him.  The air also smelled strange to him — a mix of exhaust and smoke that was unfamiliar.  Tony made his way out to the end of the alley and cursed quietly.
He reeled for a moment, even though he knew he was standing completely still out of sheer force of will.  What the hell had happened?  Where was the Tony who had asked him what he was doing, asked Steve to teach him how to darn socks?  He closed his eyes briefly, a flash of pain suffusing through him, as he had a profound realization.
Steve swallowed around the lump in his throat, his eyes suddenly watery.  Tony shifted his hands so he was steering with his left and gripped Steve’s thigh with his right.  “He woulda liked this,” Steve husked out, his voice rough around the edges.
It was two weeks before Christmas when Tony first noticed the cough.  It started dry, before blooming into a hacking sound that brought up bright green phlegm.  It wasn’t until the shortness of breath and pleuritic chest pain followed that Tony realized he was living in the era before antibiotics — or even supplemental oxygen, for that matter.
“Looks good,” Tony said.  He then shook his head slightly and felt weariness wash over him.  “Do you mind if I crash for a little bit?” He asked, thumbing over his shoulder to the couch in the next room.  “I think being mugged took more out of me than I realized.”
his mind supplied numbly, the remembered pain of trying to force air in and out of his lungs after Tony had told him his ma was dead washing over him.
Tony could see by the look in Bucky’s eyes that he meant it, even now, before he ever knew who Captain America was.
“‘Come to me, all who are weary and heavy-laden, and I will give you rest,’” Steve whispered into the dark, brushing his fingertips over Tony’s lips and onto the arch of his cheekbone.  “Lay down your burdens for a while, Tony, and let me carry them for you — at least for tonight.  That’s why you do this every year, right?  You don’t have to be alone.”
This apartment didn’t have that sense of treading carefully around him, like Steve might have a breakdown if he ran into an unfamiliar piece of technology or saw a car outside his window.  He felt himself relax — the apartment didn’t have any more expectations than for him to just live in it.
“I know, Steve,” Bucky cut him off, his words slurring a little.  He shoved past Steve unsteadily and collapsed on the couch, which was still warm from Steve’s body.  “I have orders to ship out to Europe tomorrow, and you’re still 4F.  You’d do anything to go, and I don’t want to.  I get it — you’re braver than I am.  You always were.”
Steve held onto that feeling as tightly as he could with both hands.  He trusted that all of the things Tony had said were true.  Even if they weren’t, that belief was enough to carry him.
“Last time I listen to you.”  But the walk back to the car was uneventful.  They got in the R8 and pulled away from the parking lot, Tony making the tires kick up gravel while Steve craned around to take one last look at the bridge and the dam.
“Of course not,” Tony said, beating Steve to it.  “I just want you to know you can get whatever you want.  If you like the fresh stuff we keep down here, get enough for your floor too.  I’m sure you have to keep up with the serum and all that.  Besides, you get cranky when you cut your chow.”
Tears sprang into Steve’s eyes at her words, and he looked away from her, shame washing over him.  She was still a friend, even if she was less familiar than Tony or Bucky.  Steve gently pushed at her shoulder, getting her to move, and stood up.  He helped her up, and she pulled him into a tight hug.  “It’ll get better, Steve, I promise — it just takes time,” she whispered in his ear, pressing a soft kiss to his cheek.
Avoiding Tony’s gaze, Steve ran his finger along the rubber seam of the door.  That earned him a nudge from Tony’s elbow, and Steve looked up to find Tony studying him between glances at the road.  “It’s okay to feel like he should be here,” Tony clarified.  “We certainly talked about this trip enough.”
“Nat told me you have pneumonia,” he answered after a moment.  “She said that you have medications to treat it now.”  He hesitated again, and the statement was almost a question.  “I just needed to see for myself you were okay.”
The smell of the peppermint drifted over to Steve, and he became aware that Tony had finally stopped moving, now standing somewhere behind his head and off one shoulder.  He must have been dozing, because Steve felt groggy, suspended in that place between awake and asleep, grasping at some thought — something important — just out of his reach.
Tony stood, and Steve rose with him, his eyes wide and a little wild.  “You don’t have to do this,” Tony said, gesturing with the socks.  “You can buy as many pairs of socks as you want.  Hell, you can fill up your closet with them for all I care.”  He crossed the room towards the island that separated the kitchen from the living area, with Steve following close behind him.
Tony gathered Steve up in his arms and took him back to the bedroom.  Bucky had already changed and was pulling on his work boots while Tony gently laid Steve onto his bed, carefully straightening out his limbs until he looked comfortable.
It was only because Steve was already looking at Tony that he caught the flicker of shame and regret that flashed over his face before Tony looked down and away, his expression going blank.  Steve also looked away, putting the roll onto the baking sheet.  He braced his hands again, feeling his shoulders tighten as he hung his head.  He studied his hands, looking at where his knuckles were turning white because of how hard he was pushing them into the countertop, before asking, “Do you track this information on everyone?”
Dinner with Clint and Natasha became a regular thing.  Steve and Natasha slowly built a fragile friendship together, and he found himself looking forward to their time together.  She seemed to understand the things he couldn’t find the words to say and always knew how to draw him out when he was lost within himself.  He didn’t know much about her childhood — he hadn’t read anyone’s files — but he could sense that she understood austerity, that she too hid her loneliness under her Black Widow persona.  But she would show him glimpses of the real person underneath: someone who read voraciously and did cross-stitch, someone who preferred to listen to classical music — he only realized later they were all ballets — when she was alone, and liked to watch historical dramas.  Natasha offered him these bits and pieces, and he did the same in return.  He brought up Peggy without even meaning to, only to discover that she had recruited Natasha out of the Red Room.
It was a beautiful, crisp fall day in New York City — the kind where the sky was a perfect blue, cloudless between the skyscrapers.  The trees were a riot of oranges and reds and yellows, a handful of their leaves still punctuated with green at the bases, fluttering in the gentle breeze blowing down 5th Avenue.  The afternoon itself was warm, but it held the promise of a cool night to follow, a nip in the air for the nose and fingertips of those still hoping for enough summer to have left their jackets at home.
Tony shifted on the couch, throwing off the afghan.  He neatly folded it back up and put it on the back of the couch.  Then he came through the door into the kitchen.  Steve was seated at the table with his back to the door, and his movement must have attracted Bucky’s attention because he was already focused over Steve’s shoulder at the doorway.
The entire world seemed to be waiting, holding its breath, and the anticipation permeated Steve’s awareness even in his exhaustion.  He blinked slowly in the dark, his eyes focusing on the only light in the room as it danced within the stove, the light and shadows flickering across one wall, up onto the ceiling.  Steve could tell it was late by the almost absoluteness of the darkness enveloping him.  There was no light coming from under the door that led into the courtroom itself, no light filtering in around the edges of the blankets he’d hung over the windows to hold in the warmth.  The darkness even seemed to crowd in on the fire in the stove, as though it could contain the flames as they shimmered, the coals undulating from white to yellow to red and back again, like waves on a shore.
Steve suddenly realized that Bruce, Natasha, and Clint were still there.  He turned around to look at them, feeling for all the world like Tony was going to sucker punch him while he wasn’t looking.  “Do I?”
The thoughtful expression came back over Steve’s face as he nodded slowly.  “Right,” he said, “well, why don’t you grab somewhere to sit, and I’ll bring the drinks over?”
“Tony,” he interrupted, and Steve was surprised to find a sudden vulnerability there.  “Everyone calls me Stark.  But I want —“  He faltered for a moment, dropping his head to his chest and picking at the label on the bottle, before correcting himself.  “I’d like you to call me Tony.”
Clint whipped out an arrow and shot it in front of the giant.  The arrow exploded, and the giant reared back, taking a few steps back towards the water, before roaring in irritation.  “Nice job, Clint.  You can help Hulk keep the giant near the Lake.  The rest of us will try to get to Loki while doing what we can about the giant.  I have the feeling that getting a hold of Loki will give us the key to getting rid of the giant,” Steve said.
“I was trying to have a moment here.  Of how different my life is now, one year later.  How much better, because of you.”
“They don’t pay you by the word — I don’t need the bond salesmen spiel,” he answered easily.  “How did it go?  ‘Each bond is a bullet in your best guy’s gun.’”
But here?  Here he couldn’t even stand to have enough.  It made him anxious and uncertain, unable to parse between the choices.
The wind was blowing on the roof, and while it cooled Steve off, it didn’t help with the sticky feeling across his chest and hands, down his legs, and on his feet, the residue from his sweaty and ultimately restless night.
He tucked the three things back into the packet, which he slipped back into his jacket pocket.  Tony walked back to the apartment, dreading his arrival with each step.  Surely he could do a better job than the doctor had of telling Steve.  Or even than Obie had done for him.
Natasha released him, and he took a few steps towards the stairs before she said, “Yeah?  How about this: I
Tony shrugged, discomfited by the sincerity in Steve’s voice.  “Hey, you only turn twenty-one once, right?  We ought to have some fun while we can.  Who knows what’ll happen?”  He clapped Steve on the back, always surprised by how his shoulder blade poked through, easy to feel through Steve’s thin shirt.
The room was still warm, but the fire had burned down to embers in Steve’s absence.  He knelt down in front of the stove to bank the fire, carefully separating the coals from the ash.  Feeding more wood into the stove, he heaped the ash on top, protecting the embers so they could burn through the night.
He felt dizzy again, although this time it was because the dawning realization that Loki had sent him to another time — and maybe even another place.  Tony squatted down, bracing his back on the brick wall at the entrance to the alley, and put his head in his hands.
So he stalked them, and he watched them, and he thought about them as he rode back towards Las Vegas.  And as he followed the R8, the sun continued to sink lower, the late afternoon shadows lengthening out behind the two vehicles until the shadows of the two men in the convertible blurred into his.
He thought of Bucky and his quiet constancy.  He’d always put on a show for the girls he met or his other friends. But at home, when it was just the two of them, he was quieter and more comfortable.  The showman slipped away, leaving a version of Bucky that Steve often wondered if only he got to see.  It was the version of Bucky who pulled him out of fights and helped him get out of his own head.  It was the kind of love he had originally thought was only reserved for romances: unwavering, unquestioning, always supportive.  It was the Bucky who knew about the stack of 4Fs, who knew it could very well kill Steve, but instead of berating Steve for his stubbornness or his stupidity talked to Steve about his bravery.
Steve felt his head swim, and he got up slowly from the couch, his legs unsteady beneath him.  “Tony, when was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”  A million other questions came in and out of his head, but Steve could only focus on that one, unable to ask the questions he really wanted to ask:
“You — don’t look right,” Tony blurted out then shook his head, feeling disoriented. How hard had he hit his head?  He looked around, confused.  “This isn’t Brooklyn.”
“I can’t say I’ve been paying attention,” Bruce answered, while Natasha and Clint nodded their agreement.
Steve’s skin had gone pale, and there were tears in his eyes.  His hands engulfed Tony’s, his fingers tracing the knots on the back of Tony’s hand.  Steve lifted Tony’s hand to his mouth, gently kissing the skin over his knuckles.  “It’s beautiful, and I’m sure everything you’ve created since then is too,” he said, his breath ghosting over Tony’s skin.  That was also hot, an echo of Steve’s skin on his own.
Steve saw his shoulders shake a little, and he walked over to put a hand between Bucky’s shoulder blades, gently rubbing there.  “He said the Navy Yard already knows — they told them earlier today.  I have one more week there, and then another week to get my affairs in order,” he continued, echoing the phrase the official had used.  Bucky’s shoulders slumped down, and he scrubbed a hand over his face, the other still braced on the table.
Steve had no concept of time passing while he turned that image over and over in his mind.  He could smell mint and eucalyptus hanging heavy in the steam from the bath, the feel of Tony’s muscles and bones under Steve’s hands as he helped Tony get cleaned up.  Darning the socks.  The machines that Tony fixed.  The new suits and hat and the hot summer day, the lukewarm beer as they watched the Dodgers beat the Cubs on a perfect 4th of July.  Tony watching Steve draw at the drafting table as he sketched out his designs.
“It — does?” Steve hesitated before reaching over to grab a towel beside the mat.  He reached up to dry off his hair and neck.
“Stark,” Natasha explained shortly, following his gaze over her own shoulder.  “He’s been doing it since nightfall.”  She paused, pushing her face close to his, and she pulled his attention from the gaps between the buildings where the sound was drifting towards them back to her.  “If you don’t make him stop, I’m going to shoot him to put him out of his misery and then shoot you for dereliction of duty.”
Steve looked up, startled, and Tony was a little startled himself when he leaned closer to see what Steve was doing.  He had a large needle in one hand and a sock, of all things, in the other.  The needle was threaded with heavy navy thread, almost but not quite the same shade as the sock.  Steve had shoved something in the heel of the sock, giving it a rounded shape and accentuating the hole in the heel.  He’d used the thread to cover the hole with a series of parallel stitches, left loose so that the heel of the sock retained its shape, and was now about halfway through weaving stitches running perpendicular to the first set he’d made.
He didn’t even recognize himself in these versions.  The only thing they seemed to get right was his friendship with Bucky, and even that seemed sensationalized and tawdry.  There was no mention of the times Bucky had rolled his eyes as he’d dragged Steve up from the dirt, of their tacit agreement as Bucky tried to set him up with girls to cover for his less acceptable attractions, of their last argument at the enlistment center at the Stark Expo before he stopped being Steve Rogers and became Captain America.
In fact, Steve hardly ever left the apartment, except on Sundays to go lay flowers — always calla lilies — on his parents’ grave.  Bucky rarely if ever came because it was his only day off, but Tony always went with him, waiting some distance away under a tree while Steve sat in the grass and spoke quietly to the granite headstones.  At some point, he’d finally opened the packet with her belongings, and Tony knew he wore her St. Monica medal at all times.  He’d brought the green lily pin and left it by the headstone.
Steve was dimly aware as Tony maneuvered them both to the couch, and his legs gave out when Tony pulled away just enough to lie down.  The sobs came for a long time, and Steve gave up trying to parse through all his emotions: relief foremost, and love, but also the release of fear, loneliness, exhaustion.  The loss of his life and his family and his friends, his teammates and his purpose.  It dawned on him that he might be able to build a life here — at least with Tony’s help.
Tony waited for a long time, becoming more and more anxious the longer she was gone.  Finally she returned, her hands clenched in front of her so tightly her knuckles were white.  She ushered Tony into a small room with a few chairs and a window opened to the hospital lawn beyond.  “Please have a seat,” she said, gesturing to the chairs.  Tony noticed that her hands were shaking, and they only stopped when she clasped them back together.  “Dr. Hudson will be right with you.”
“I’ve got to go to work,” Bucky said, “but I’ll see you back at the apartment in the morning.  If you can fix his machine, I bet he can also refer you to some of his friends who need similar help.”  Enzo nodded at that.  “Thanks again, Enzo!  Tell Luc I said hello.  Good night, Tony!”  With a wave, Bucky went back out the door, which Enzo locked behind him.
Which made it all the more painful when Tony wanted to talk about his eating habits in front of everyone.
Cap visited him, but something about him didn’t look right.  Tony apologized for throwing out his socks, and tracking his food, and getting sick, but Cap — of course — just waved his apologies away.  And seemed confused.
His orders had been clear — they were always clear: to return back to San Francisco, to the chair and the tank, so they could put him back in cryostasis once his mission was completed.  But when he’d seen these two at the airport, something had seemed off.  The further he got away from the cryo tank and the chair, from his handlers, from the mission — the more his instincts troubled him.  The two men were — familiar, for lack of a better term — and the soldier wasn’t used to that feeling.   Nothing was supposed to be familiar — the chair made certain of that.  And so he’d broken off and not followed his orders.
,” Natasha whispered into his hair.  “He’s still the same man.  He just thinks he has something better to offer you than himself.  Money.  Things.  He thinks those material things he can give you are worth so much more.  But he’s wrong.”
Steve remained on the couch and smoothed out the wrinkles in the poster.  “Guess so,” he said quietly to himself.
He rode south to San Francisco.  Steve stood on the Golden Gate Bridge, trying to parse the dichotomy between the view of both the Marin Headlands and San Francisco that left him breathless and the signs exhorting that there is hope.  Steve shook his head, his hair blowing over his face from the salty wind coming in off the Pacific.  He remembered reading about Harold Wobber in 1937, the World War I veteran who had jumped from the bridge three months after it had opened.  At the time, he’d wondered how someone could despair so completely that jumping 245 feet from the bridge into the Bay seemed like a reasonable choice.
He pulled off both of his undershirts, sighing as the damp cloth pulled away from his skin.  He threw it over the open door of the wardrobe for it to dry and looked down at the arc reactor, back to the door.  The blue light was comforting, and sometimes in the middle of the night when everyone else was asleep, he’d peek under his shirt to look at it, to remind himself that he didn’t really belong in this place or this time.  That he was from elsewhere.
He held on to what Tony had told him, that some day there would be a cure for his heart, that even if that disc couldn’t help Steve, something else would.  He had to believe it, hold onto it as tightly as he could because, between that, Tony, and Bucky, he had nothing else left to carry him through.
“Shouldn’t you be saving the world?” Tony asked him one day.  Or maybe it was night.  It was hard to tell with the gray skies dumping snow onto the city during the day and the night sky washed out into the same gray from the streetlights reflected in the fallen snow.
“You do realize where you are?” Tony couldn’t help but ask.  “Greenwich Village?  Probably the gayest neighborhood in one of the gayest cities in the world?  Stonewall Inn is only a couple of blocks away.  There is literally a monument to gay liberation
The next file was Tony Stark’s, and Steve had trouble making himself open it.  The picture attached to the bio form on the front showed a face that Steve was intimately familiar with, although the last time he’d seen it, it had been gaunt from the lost weight and prolonged infection.  The birthday mocked him: May 29, 1970.  Somehow, Tony had appeared in Brooklyn 31 years before he had even been born, only to disappear about nine months later.  Not only that — apparently Steve had known his grandparents peripherally through Bucky; his grandfather had tailored some of Steve’s clothes, and he’d even held Tony’s mother as a baby while waiting to get some pants taken in.
“No problem, big guy,” Tony said, patting Steve on the shoulder as he passed by, headed back towards the couch.  “Any time.”
“The giant is gone,” Nat’s voice came from the speakers in Tony’s suit, “and Jarvis is telling me that Loki is too.  Did you guys see what happened?”
They walked in silence for a few blocks before Steve led Tony into a small coffee shop, his hand at the small of Tony’s back.  It was cozy with dark wood and couches, the murmur of patrons filling the space.  “Still drink an Americano with an extra shot?” Steve asked, pulling out his wallet.  “My treat.”
When he looked over, Tony was studying him, his expression inscrutable, like he was seeing Steve for the first time as a particularly interesting problem he had never considered before.  “See?” Tony said, shaking the monitor a little.  “Good as new.”
Steve put a hand to his forehead, covering his eyes.  “No, I didn’t read his file.  As someone whom everyone makes assumptions about because they think they
A man stood alone on the bridge, watching them as they walked across the bridge back towards the parking lot.  He had long dark hair that hung in his face and a leather jacket that was surprisingly warm for the day.  He tailed them, staying a long distance away, ambling slowly and taking time to pull out his phone, snapping pictures of the dam, the river, and their license plates.  After the R8 pulled out, he straddled a motorcycle that was also in the parking lot.  A metal left hand grabbed the handlebar, and he gunned the custom throttle on the left with it before dropping the motorcycle into gear, releasing the clutch.  The motorcycle roared, and the tires caught.  He pulled out onto the access road and followed the R8 back to Las Vegas.
Bucky clicked his heels together, pulling himself up to his full height, throwing a jaunty salute, complete with a smirk.  “Sir, yes sir,” he said.
Steve could remember the smell of Tony from that night, and it rose into his mind when he closed his eyes, the blue of the arc reactor still there.  Warm skin, with the faint undertone of Ivory soap and sweat and coconut overlying the earthy smell of hot metal that seemed to follow Tony wherever he went, in both this century and the last.
He knew how this would go, the way he could recall Christmas Mass to mind, the contours of the service familiar in his mind, the Latin comforting in its constancy, the lighting of the candles, and the singing of the hymns.  The prayers for intercession, the forgiveness of sins, the final benediction.  How the exhaustion of the midnight mass was washed away by the joy, the relief of the cold air after leaving the warm church, the way the stars dotted the dark sky after the candlelit sanctuary.  Steve could offer intercession for Tony, provide comfort and acceptance — a place for Tony to lay down his burdens, at least for a little while.  A sanctuary where he could rest, warm and safe, until he could pick them up again.
It was all hard to remember, an ache not unlike the one he lived with in his arm.  They were good memories — good friends, a life with a purpose, something to live for.  He’d had Steve by his side, a partner through good and bad, and the rest of the Avengers at his back.  But then Rhodey had been paralyzed, and he’d lost almost everything from Thanos.  It was hard to remember — hard to think of those friendships without thinking about the losses.  Sure, they’d come together one last time.  But Tony knew he wouldn’t have been able to bear losing everything a second time.
Shaking his head, Steve turned his back to Tony.  He struggled to get the last buttons on his shirt undone, head still feeling foggy, still smelling incense where there was none, hearing the words of the mass spoken by a hundred voices instead of silence.  Stealing a glance behind him, he did appreciate that there had been at least one hymn — or part of one.
“Tony, you gotta stop doing this,” Steve said.  There was moisture gathering under the cheeks of   his helmet, and Steve knew he was only a few seconds from a complete breakdown.  “Jarvis, can you open the helmet?  Or the whole suit?  Or something?” He could hear the pitch in his voice increasing with each plea, hysteria creeping in at the edges of his awareness.  Steve pulled out his comm so no one else on the team would hear and ripped off his gloves.  He put his bare hand over the glass that should have shown the arc reactor, like he had so many years ago.
“Well, that explains the headache,” Tony muttered to himself.  Steve watched, his eyes narrowed, as Tony rubbed a gauntlet over his chest plate.  Tony’s hand paused over the arc reactor, the metal of the gauntlet blocking out the light, and his expression shifted first to realization and then to confusion.
Steve dropped his head, running his other hand through his hair.  “You could say that,” he said into his chest.
Steve moved into the room, his bulk becoming indistinct around the edges as he moved past the light from the hallway.  He hovered in that space that was not quite the room but definitely not the hallway, uncertain.  “No,” he said, his face away from Natasha as he watched Tony sleeping on the bed.  “I don’t think I am.”
For a long time, he lay with his eyes open, staring blankly across the darkened room towards the wall.  Steve concentrated on Natasha’s breath against his back, following her deep, even inhalations and exhalations.  It lulled him, and eventually he fell asleep, with tears still caught in his eyelashes.
Steve’s hand was under his elbow, the barest help as Tony stood with a cup in one hand, his weak arm braced as he stood from the chair.  It was surreal, Tony thought, as they took the subway to Brooklyn — Steve had lived so many years under Tony’s care, first at the tower and then at the compound upstate.  He’d thought of Steve many times over the years: what he was doing, if he was happy, what shape his life had taken with Sam and Bucky by his side.  But he’d never thought about where Steve was living, what his home might look like.  And here he was, Steve once again leading him, his broad shoulders making space for Tony in the crowds on the subway, a gentle touch on his back guiding him on where to go, a soft word to help Tony along.
He was so tired.  He could feel himself drifting off, stranded in the hazy place between awake and asleep, where one couldn’t neither quite wake up nor fall completely to sleep.  Cap was there, though — he could hear his voice.  Cap would watch over him.  Cap would keep him safe.  With that knowledge, he finally drifted off.
Tony’s expression flickered from despondent to a wide, fake smile as Tony caught sight of him, his expression easy to see in the bright light of the full moon.  “Ten more days,” he replied, lifting up his bottle in a salute before taking a long drink.
Steve gave her a sidewise glance.  “He fell off the train in the Alps, and with that we got Zola.  He gave us the intel that got us to the Red Skull two days later.  I woke up here, and we fought the Battle of New York two weeks after that.  It’s been — what?  Six weeks since then?”
The trail descended 5740 feet through Roaring Creek Canyon, and he took comfort in the greenery that was sometimes present along the trail.  He hiked over wooden bridges and wondered at the water that rushed down towards the Colorado River.  He moved more slowly than he needed to with the serum, taking his time to enjoy the scenery, to reflect on the journey.
Tony was a little surprised at the vehemence in the statement.  “I don’t think they’re allowed to do that.”
“No,” Steve answered, and he huffed a little.  “I’d never seen anything like it.  He was so clever with his hands, and he could fix anything — he told Bucky there wasn’t a thing in the world he couldn’t fix when they first met.  He never told me, but I knew he had to have made the arc reactor.  A man who could make a thing like that?  Something that beautiful that could be used to save his life?”  Steve trailed off and shrugged.
And despite how he felt about being in the Army, his body struggled to rise to the challenge.  He had asthma attacks and episodes of atrial fibrillation from the exertion.  He would struggle to breathe or have crushing chest pain during the runs or be so exhausted at night he had a hard time falling asleep.
“I mean, I kind of get it for him.  His reputation at this point precedes him.  He had to switch hit — no self-respecting woman would want him to put his dick in —“
That night, Steve tried to get comfortable on the bedding he’d brought with him inside the tent, but it was impossible.  He felt tired but not sleepy, and the nylon walls of the tent made him feel claustrophobic.  Steve walked from his campsite to sit by the river, looking up at the suspension bridge that connected the one side of the canyon to the other.  He felt the same way, caught between the past and the present, unable to move fully toward one or the other.
Natasha sighed, stepping back out into the hallway.  “You know where to find me when this doesn’t work out the way you think it should,” she tossed over her shoulder as she left.
But as soon as it crossed his mind, Steve realized it was just wishful thinking on his part.  Surely if that had happened, Tony would have reached out to him — called him to see if Steve also remembered that experience, maybe ask him what the hell had happened.  He knew that things had remained tense between them after the Battle of New York, but surely Tony traveling back in time would have been enough to bridge the gap between them.
“Camel cigarette ad,” Steve answered, brushing some of the charcoal off his hands.  “Buck says it’s a travesty, but he only likes Luckys.  I do the people.  They usually get someone else to do packaging and lettering.”
Steve methodically stripped Tony out of the suit, each piece revealing the outfit that Steve still had dreamed about, sometimes nightmares.  The cotton of the pajama pants and long-sleeved t-shirt were soaked, especially around Tony’s hips and chest where it had been pressed against him by the suit.  By the end, Steve was crying so hard he was hiccuping, and Tony could barely keep his eyes open.  He was hallucinating again, this time talking about a bath in the hall, asking for eucalyptus and peppermint in the water from Dum-E and telling Jarvis to get a ticket to the Dodgers game.
“Yeah, I figured,” Natasha answered.  She squeezed his elbow gently, arm still there to support in case Steve needed it.  She drew in a long breath, and Steve looked away, bracing himself as she decided to ask anyway.  “Are you okay?”
Steve turned from his drafting table.  “Well, they should be.  Not your fault you got mugged and had everything you own taken from you,” he answered, his expression clouding a little bit.  “Sorry that was your welcome to Brooklyn.  It’s a nicer place than that.”
Surveying the damage, Tony made no move to push his chair farther away from the table.  Instead, he picked up one of the shards of glass and tapped it against the tabletop.  “What makes you think I’m mourning something?” he asked.
“I’m not going to lay Tony’s weak spots bare just because you ask, Steve,” Natasha said.  She touched his shoulder, her hand warm even through the soft fabric of his t-shirt.  “You have to ask him yourself,
The days passed, one indistinguishable from another to Steve.  He stayed in his apartment, although he let Jarvis take it off lockdown.  Natasha came in the evenings, and they would sit together on the couch, the apartment wholly and completely silent.  Around midnight, exhausted but not sleepy, Natasha would guide him into the bedroom.  She slept pressed against his back, and that comfort — the knowledge that she was watching over him, that she would protect him — was the only thing that allowed him to fall asleep.  Jarvis gave him updates about Tony, for which Steve was very grateful.  Tony had made a full recovery — as promised — and spent most of his days in his workshop.
“Tony is in need of a suit, but I was hoping to propose a trade.  You’re, what?  Three weeks out from getting them done when you can do it in one with your overlock machine?”  Bucky threw an arm around Enzo’s shoulder, and Enzo rolled his eyes and grinned, clearly enjoying the attention despite the show.
The music filled the room, and Steve pictured the apartment, with the couch and his ma’s radio, the afghans on the back of the couch, the drawing table and the twin beds.  It was where Tony had slept for the first time, where he’d taught Tony to darn socks and listened to the radio, where he’d showed Bucky the drawings of the arc reactor and spent his last night with him before he went to war. He opened his eyes, just a little, and saw the blue light of the arc reactor coming through the cotton.
“Ah,” Tony said, “my relationship with my father wasn’t that simple.  My feelings towards him were complicated.”  He paused, considering, before saying, “I still miss my mom every day, but it’s not as sharp.  It’s more that I can feel the contours of the hole her death left in my life than the intense grief of her death.”
If this is how Steve had felt since being found, Tony couldn’t imagine how he’d held it together — made it look easy even.
Coming to stand in front of Tony, Steve ghosted his hands over the other man.  He’d waited so long for this, hoped so ardently it would happen, that Steve was afraid the moment would shatter if he moved too quickly or spoke too loudly.  “January,” Steve answered, and he put his hands on Tony’s hips, feeling the bones underneath his fingers, all of Tony’s fat melted away by want and infection.  “It was actually January, 1940.”  Steve grabbed the hem of Tony’s long-sleeved t-shirt, and Tony relaxed into the movement, letting Steve pull it over his head.
“No, I’m okay,” he tried to say kindly, but even Steve could tell that he fell short.  “I don’t think I’m very hungry anymore though.”
Lurching out of the chair, Steve staggered the few steps over to the bed, his heart beating out of his chest in a way he hadn’t felt since the serum.  He pawed at Tony’s shoulder, missing the first time in his dread, before his fingers curled around the joint.  Steve shook Tony, a little too roughly at first before Steve reigned in his strength.  It took a few moments — a testament to how tired Tony must have been — before Tony also jerked awake, his eyes wide at the expression on Steve’s face.  It was only then that Steve realized he was babbling incoherently, a string of pleas directed at Tony falling out of his mouth, one after the other.
He could feel the terror creeping in, the feeling that had engulfed him that day Tony had disappeared.  The numbing cold started at his feet, seeping in like it had that morning when he’d run out into the snow barefoot.  It spread through his limbs into his torso, wrapping itself around his heart, squeezing until it felt hard for him to breathe.
Tony felt his mouth work again, still struggling to form words.  “You look the same,” he said with a laugh.
Steve’s eyes were glazed over with heavy emotions, and his gaze was fixated on Tony’s chest as if he could see the bright blue light through the layers of fabric.  Tony had no idea how long they breathed together, following Bucky’s pattern even though he was no longer counting.  Bucky sat behind Steve, gently rubbing his back and providing a soothing running commentary that no one was listening to.
Tony was quiet for a long time after that, and Steve’s mind drifted away.  He drowsed, the echoes of chanting in Latin and Christmas hymns filling the air around him.  The vibration of Tony’s breathing rumbled through him, reminiscent of the huge pipe organ he’d seen at St. Patrick’s Cathedral in Dublin.  He could feel his hand clenched in his mother’s, both at the Cathedral and on the docks, before they’d boarded the ship that had brought them to America.  He dimly was aware of Tony’s breath on his skin, the soft question again:  “Why are you doing this?”  But the emotion behind the words was too hard to grasp and Steve’s mind too far afield — in St. Patrick’s, or the cottage in the Irish countryside where he’d grown up, or on the battlefield at Gettysburg — for him to parse the words, let alone respond.
Closing his eyes, he let go of his dog tags and covered his face with his hands.  All he could see was the gray pallor of Tony’s skin as he alternated between shivering and sweating through the sheets on the narrow bed, twisted up in the blankets as he tossed and turned.  He could hear the rattling of Tony’s breath echo in his ears, the fitful coughing and wheezing.  “That’s harder to believe when I’ve already watched it once,” Steve said, his voice muffled by his hands.
Fortunately, Tony was spared meeting Luciana, given the time, but Enzo and his wife, Viola, packed up some food for both him and Steve.  Tony headed back to the apartment building feeling very satisfied for himself, despite having been sent back in time.  When he got back to the apartment, the door was cracked so Tony could get back in.
Natasha was the one who told him that Tony had pneumonia a few weeks later.  Steve had to admire her preparation: she invited him down to her apartment, got him settled on the couch with a blanket, some popcorn, and a movie before she said anything.  He was perfectly content, slouched down into the couch with the warm, solid bulk of her thigh beneath his cheek, the blanket wrapped around his shoulders.  He was even starting to drowse, something he couldn’t usually do with the TV on.  She had her fingers in his hair, gently scratching at his scalp with her nails the way he liked.  “Just so you know,” she said, her voice soft and pitched low so it only just penetrated his wandering, sleepy thoughts, “Tony is being observed overnight in the Tower medical facilities.  Bruce told me he has pneumonia.  They’re giving him antibiotics.”
Tony grinned at him before going to make his own cup of coffee.  “It’s a skill I learned from my old man.  He could sell ice to a penguin.”
“I’m surprised there’s anything left to fix,” Bucky answered.  “You’ve done quite the job talking people into letting you fix things.  Maybe not all of them are broken?”
Steve let out a laugh that sounded more like a sob.  “I don’t know, Natasha,” he said, leaning back a little to look at her.  “We fought aliens a few months ago.  Against one Norse god with another on our side.  I was born in 1918.  How is any of this possible?”
“God, Tony, you were so sick, I was sure you were going to die.  And then when it happened here—?” Steve choked up, the words caught in his throat.  Tears spilled down his cheeks.  “I couldn’t watch it a second time.  I thought I could — but I —“
Steve could feel his ghosts gather around him: his ma, Bucky, and Tony, as they travelled with him deeper into the canyon.  They remained close throughout the 14 mile trip, and Steve could feel them crowding around as he pitched his tent at the Bright Angel Campground, with the Colorado River roaring just beyond.
Steve shrugged his shoulders and moved out of her reach.  “Maybe,” he said, the skepticism clear in his voice.
“It’s not,” Steve answered.  “Don’t say that.  Don’t you ever say that.  I don’t care where you go or what happens to you, I’ll find you.  You hear me, you goddamn punk?  This isn’t it for us.”
Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to go back to the apartment he’d shared with Bucky and later Tony.  He would never be able to draw at his drafting table while Bucky slept in the bedroom again.  He would never be able to sit at the table where Tony had told him his ma had died.  He would never be able to sleep in the bed where Tony had disappeared or sit on the couch where Bucky had cried before shipping out.
“No, Tony,” Steve answered.  He gathered him into his arms for the second time that night, lifting him easily from the ground.  Steve carried him back inside and gently sat him on the edge of the bed.  He gathered the washbasin, a cake of soap, and a couple of towels from the stand.  Placing the kettle on the stove, Steve poured some of the water into it to warm it.  As he waited, he braced his arms against the table, his shoulders bunched up around his ears.
Tony reached over slowly, telegraphing his moves, to grab Steve’s hand.  He placed it on his chest, his own hand on top, curling their fingers around so that Steve could feel the metal casing of the arc reactor through his shirts.  The arc reactor hummed, the vibration reverberating through Steve’s hand.  “I need you to breathe with me, okay, Steve?  Just feel my chest, and breathe with me.”
Tony felt his own eyes widen as Steve moved across the floor into Tony’s personal space.  Tony could smell the beer on his breath, see the pink tinge to his scalp through his blond hair.  Steve’s breath ghosted over Tony’s skin, and he felt goosebumps ripple out from his chest down his arms.  Steve reached out slowly, and Tony felt rooted to the spot.  He couldn’t stop Steve even if he’d wanted to.  Steve’s fingers brushed over the front of the arc reactor before drifting to feel the smooth edge of the metal casing.  Tony exhaled softly, watching his own breath stir Steve’s hair.  Steve looked up, and Tony became aware of the heat radiating off the smaller man from his sunburn.
Steve also sat back in the chair, although he didn’t look very comfortable.  “Sleep well, I guess,” Tony said as he clicked the lights back off.
Steve narrowed his eyes and turned Tony’s other arm over, taking in the scrapes on that arm and palm before looking back up at his face.  “You look like someone kicked your ass,” he replied.
He leaned down and rested his forehead against the chest plate, nothing but darkness inside the suit.  “Tony, please.  You gotta wake up.  Jarvis isn’t responding.  Tony —”
Steve looked over Tony’s shoulder at the Guggenheim’s distinctive facade, his expression thoughtful.  “I think she’d understand.  Pepper’s kind of that way too,” he offered.
“He makes the problem go away,” Steve echoed skeptically.  He stood up and drank the rest of the water from his bottle.  He walked towards the wall and threw the bottle away.  “I see.”
“So you’re the stray Steve’s picked up,” Bucky said, standing up.  His tone was not quite challenging, but all the laughter from a moment before was gone.  He approached Tony, and Tony felt himself standing up a little straighter, even though Bucky was only in an undershirt and pajama pants.
Tony took it off Steve’s finger and inspected it.  “I had no idea what to say to you when that doctor gave me all that stuff.  I was just supposed to drop off a letter.”
“He’s a mechanic,” Steve answered confidently.  “He’ll find work.  And if not, we’ll figure something else out.  We always do.”
Jarvis warned him that Tony was on his way up, but Steve felt too exhausted, too overwhelmed, to even turn around when the elevator doors opened.  He heard Tony cross the room and felt him come to stand behind him.
Tony closed his mouth, his teeth clicking together, as suddenly as he’d opened it.  Bucky was now looking at him narrowly, the challenge was back with a razor sharp edge.  He moved into Tony’s space, taking up a threatening amount of space.  Up close, Tony realized that Bucky was a lot more muscular than he was.  They might be the same height, but Bucky was stronger, probably from heavy labor as a sheet metal worker.
Steve felt his knees buckle, and even with Bucky there, he collapsed against him, getting Bucky’s shirt and pajama pants all wet.  They stood, chest to chest, as the silence stretched on, the impossibility of Tony’s disappearance hanging between them.
