“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, grinning. “Sorry we’re late.”
The night air is warm, with a slight breeze rising from the Seine as they approach the river. There are other couples enjoying the fine weather, most of whom cast interested looks at Dean and Castiel as they pass but do not stop to chat, for which Dean is grateful. He is content with the comfortable silence they have fallen into, the feeling of his arm against Castiel’s, the lines of his jaw illuminated by the lanternlight. It feels much like other strolls they have taken at home in London, and yet not at all similar. Balthazar was right all along: there is simply something about Paris, something that lends an air of romance to even the most mundane activities.
Aliette nods again, then bites her lower lip. “I will miss my friends here, but you will help me write to them?”
“You did say that was a skill you could offer,” Castiel reminds Sam as they are led away.
“I did.” Cas looks down at it, the reassuring pattern on it. “I don’t pray anymore, but I use it to remember my family instead.” He slips it over his neck and holds it out so Dean can see. “Instead of the prayers, I say their names.”
“In the fire, may he find peace,” Rowena concluded, and the assembled crowd echoed her final words.
“Here,” Dean says, quickly crossing the room and offering a hand to help pull Cas to his feet. “Let’s get you down the hall, and I’ll grab some clothes for you to change into.”
“I do believe you’ve intimidated her,” he said, turning back to face Castiel.
Responding to his cue, Balthazar opened the image on his phone. Castiel stared down into the face of the vampire who had created all this uncertainty, startled at its ordinariness. There was nothing particularly charismatic, attractive, or even memorable about Marv’s features. A gleam of sly intelligence in his eyes, perhaps, but that was all.
Frowning, Dean looks at each of them in turn. “Do you truly think it possible? To escape the shadow that has hung over us for so long?”
Cas and Jimmy wait until they hear her bedroom door close upstairs, then take seats at the recently-vacated table. “So,” Jimmy says, cradling his mug of tea between both hands.
He could feel Winchester’s eyes on him, attentive without being judgmental. “I don’t know how to speak to her,” he admitted. “We were close, as children, but as the responsibilities grew and I went away to school--”
Dean’s body welcomed him easily, his legs spreading further to allow better access. He closed his eyes, luxuriating in the sensation of Castiel’s long, clever fingers inside him, the peach-scented breeze adding to the heat building in his body. Castiel worked him open with infinite patience, alternating between sweet kisses and sweeter words murmured into Dean’s ear as he did.
Dean gives a rueful laugh and smooths a hand down his side. “Yes, I’ve been visiting Dianora and ensuring she is comfortable in her new home.”
Billie’s eyes narrowed. “A fundamental incompatibility,” she repeated. “Then-- are we not also at risk, being here?”
Donna makes an impatient gesture and reaches for the phone. “We cross-check all their criminal records.” She types away furiously, both Dean and Cas waiting with bated breath as she scans the department’s databases. After a few minutes, she blows her hair out of her face and turns to them with a grimace. “Nothing. All of them are clean.”
“Lord Winchester!” Mrs. Tran was giving him a strange look, and Dean had the sneaking suspicion that wasn’t her first attempt to get his attention. She had taken Milton’s arm while a swarm of footmen dealt with their baggage, and Milton was clearly waiting to escort them inside.
He’d been so young then. So naive.
“Hey,” she interrupted, holding up a hand to stop him. “Don’t. This wasn’t your fault.”
“Alright.” Cas gives him a soft smile. “Get some rest, Dean.”
It was an amusing enough thought that Castiel laughed despite his unease. “I’ll explain,” he said, “but I would prefer to do so only once.” He scanned the bar, looking for a familiar figure. “Ah, yes.”
Sam opens his mouth, then shuts it again, his eyes narrowing. “He hates angels. I thought it well-known, even in neighbouring lands. In the southern kingdom of Kartovale, King John sits on his lonely throne, and rails against the angels who failed to protect his queen.”
Dean frowns, not entirely certain of her meaning, but Castiel lets out a small laugh and nods. “Thank you,” he says.
“Would be kind of a dick move to be late for this, wouldn’t it?” Dean steps inside, grinning. “Wait. You asked me here for my dick moves.” He winks, and Castiel just shakes his head in exasperation.
“You can’t.” Dean swallows heavily, remembering his own father’s passing and the emptiness it left behind in his heart despite their troubled relationship. “No one can. But you can love her to the best of your ability, you can keep her safe and protected until she comes of age. That is what Michael has trusted you to do, and I know you will do it well.”
“Well.” Donna gives him a conspiratorial wink, her smile back in place. “We’ll be happy to let you sniff around here, then, Agent, until your period of disgrace has ended. Their loss is our gain.”
“I’m not sure yet.” Sam sat back down and shook his head slowly. “One, the number of vampires registered for the blood banks has increased dramatically over the past month or so.”
“Of course.” Mary opened her arms, and both Sam and Dean stepped into her arms. “Lawrence is my home, and it always will be. And you will always be my first priority.”
“I chose you,” Dean says quickly. Too quickly, judging by the tight shake of Castiel’s head. “We chose each other over all of this, Cas, and I have never regretted it.” A terrible thought crosses his mind, and his eyes widen as he looks at his husband, the one constant in nearly half of his life. “Have...have you?”
“Worth every penny,” Dean muttered as he wriggled against them with a noise of pleasure. “Just think about it, Cas. Sand and sun, skimpy little Speedos.” He let his hand drift down to Castiel’s thigh.
Dean’s smile falters for a moment, and Cas curses inwardly. Even such a simple statement speaks to their long separation, to all that has yet to be discussed between them. He watches warily as Dean takes a bite of his food, then chews it slowly. “How are they doing?” he asks.
“Camille.” He waits until she lifts her eyes to his, and gives her his most professional stare. “Any detail, however small, could be important.”
Castiel rises and moves to follow them, but he’s halted by a gentle hand on his elbow. He freezes, and Dean carefully withdraws his touch, as though Castiel is a horse he does not wish to spook.
Dean looks up at that, the barest hint of a smile on his face. “Good memory, Agent. We moved around a lot as kids, even before Mom died. But I guess my dad eventually decided it was time to come back here.”
“The roughest.” Dean grimaces and takes another sip of his coffee. Sam would say he’s being overdramatic, but Sam’s always had a better handle on his emotions. Dean is
“We can’t call it too early.” Claire purses her lips and shakes her head as she looks him up and down. “Thirty-five this year, isn’t it?”
Stung, Dean glares at him. “I’ve probably spent more time in the forest than you have. Your palace is much further from the woods.” It isn’t until he says it out loud that he realizes how unusual that makes Castiel’s level of comfort in the forest. “How did you learn your forestry, then?”
They passed two more water sources in the same state before Castiel spoke again. “The last spring is just ahead,” he said quietly. “The one where--” He trailed off, eyes going distant, and Dean reached out to place a hand on his shoulder.
Dean wasn’t about to get his hopes up. It was just dinner. Still, he found himself whistling as he and Jo began the slow process of cleaning up after their boisterous customers. He would call Castiel on his old-fashioned, completely cliché phone, and they would go from there.
“The danger of Sam and Rowena reading every single book in your well-stocked library,” he answers. Sam and Rowena offer weak smiles in response to his poor jest, but Dean just frowns at him, unusually quiet.
“Did you not kill the devil, lad?” she said. “I’m a free woman thanks to you and your brother. I feel I owe you something for that—and once you’ve got it, we make a deal.”
“Yes. No. I don’t know, shut up,” he grumbled, crossing his arms.
Castiel cringed away, feinting back with Michael’s steps forward. “Stop it,” he grumbled, but Michael didn’t stop.
Castiel smiled and squeezed back. “Burgers, extra cholesterol?”
“With Sam what?”
“Yeah, okay,” mumbled Dean. He knelt before Castiel, whose eyes were still lazily closed. “Can you walk, Cas?”
Dean stammered, but he couldn’t look at Castiel. He pushed into the parking lot and fumbled needlessly with his keys, shaking his head. “It’s not like that, Cas,” he said softly.
“What of it? What of any of it?” said Michael, nearly spitting. “Do the birds not go where they please? Do the deer not keep companionship? Does not every living thing fight to stay alive?”
Dean’s smile tightened, and he dipped his head, steering Cas for the door by the back of the angel’s arm. He rounded on him with quiet, whispered anger the moment they were safe in the high school’s darkened hallway.
“Lock that up good,” said Dean, eyeing the grace.
Artist: Santana
“Sam…”
“Thanks for noticing.”
Jack looked from Sam to Dean, and then to Castiel, who encouraged him gently, “Go ahead, Jack. We meant to stop on the way and got distracted. We won’t be long.”
“Whatcha got?” Dean called as he took the stairs down into the bunker’s atrium two at a time, nearly tripping.
“—but you are still him at your core. His essence—tasks and orders, duty…” Michael waved his hand flippantly. “My Castiel wouldn’t have appreciated this like we do. He’d have wanted to burn it to cinders.”
“It didn’t with you,” said Dean. “After Lucifer.”
The essence of who we are—the source of our power, our connection to Heaven. In fact, I learned recently it’s what
“Dean! Are you alright?” asked Castiel, instinctively stepping yet closer to the circle only to cringe back against the heat. “I’m here with Sam and Jack. You have to cast him out. You have to cast out Michael.”
“There,” answered Castiel, ticking his forehead to the corner of the table.
“Yes!” said Jack, clapping his hands together once. “We didn’t have any fancy glasses. Or a fancy bucket, but—”
He’d felt rage before. Often, even. Castiel was a soldier for millennia, and he’d felt it even more keenly since his fall and his time with the Winchesters—love of his family brought it out in him in ways he never expected. Still his anger was reserved for certain situations, and outbursts were rare, but the combination of frustrations and the strange, wilding grace were testing his patience. He still sat cross-legged in his circle of books, one particularly old volume open on the floor before him, elbows propped on his knees, head in his hands as he read.
Castiel tilted his head, crestfallen, and his lips parted, but he said nothing.
Castiel grinned, taking a water bottle from Dean’s pack nearby and sipping on it quietly.
“You said you wouldn’t leave me,” said Dean.
"It's a grief thing," Sam shrugs, takes a moment to drain the rest of his glass. "I mean, I get it. A few days ago we were kids. Dad was alive. She was happy. We're hers, but we're not hers."
“Of course, Dean,” said Castiel simply. “I don’t sleep.”
against it.”
Then the second raindrop hit, and the third. Fourth. Thunder rumbled above them, suddenly loud and engulfing, hard enough that they felt the vibrations in the ground. Before Dean and Castiel could think to pull apart, the sky flashed once with lightning, then split open above them, sending down a torrential rain. Castiel pulled back and looked up into the water, blinking, and Dean looked up at Castiel, his dark hair suddenly heavy and wet, sticking to his forehead.
Song: "Hey Jude"
“Okay, fine,” said Dean. “What other names?”
“Damnit, you two,” he hissed, shivering and bracing himself on the shower wall in the dark as he waited for the lights and hot water to come back on like they always did, a minute or two later. But this time, a minute passed, then another, and then another. After five, Sam muttered “Damnit” again and groped for a towel in the dim red darkness. He stumbled into his room and dried himself quickly, throwing on some sweats before stalking a few doors down to Dean’s room. He banged on the door hard, and yelled, “Time to talk about this, guys.”
Dean stared up at him, and Castiel stared down, messy and panting and drenched in sweat. Finally, Castiel leaned down to bruise his lips against Dean’s, again and again, and Dean wound his fingers into Castiel’s hair as Castiel slipped slowly, carefully out and collapsed on top of him.
“STOP IT!”
Dean glanced back across the table at Sam, then looked at Jack’s petrified form. “Tomorrow.”
“Dean, stop,” said Sam, and for once, Dean did. “You did, you do, and it
“Cas?” Dean called back, his voice clear, but far away. “Cas—is that really you? Because so help me, if it’s not, I will
Think that’ll work?”
Dean was silent for most of the drive—all eight hours of it—while Sam and Cas chatted happily about lore. Sam never missed an opportunity to pick the angel’s brain when they had him trapped in the Impala, and Castiel was always happy to oblige Sam’s curiosity.
“It’s not a game!” said Sam. Dean reached, and he ducked around a tree. The river gurgled louder.
“Cas…” Sam finally broke the silence.
“You can try.”
“We need to find all those books and burn them,” Sam grumbled. He sniffed and took the seat on Rowena’s other side, laying his arm out flat, palm up. “Okay, just do it. We’re wasting time.”
“Tentacle porn?” Dean asked. “Yeah, go on.”
“Then you gotta tell me why you’re so calm about this,” said Dean, his voice cracking a little, though his cheeks and eyes stayed dry, if red. “Why it doesn’t seem like you’re fighting. Because man, I’m punching this with everything I got, but it’s like hitting a wall if you aren’t punching too.”
“Cas…” said Dean softly, guiltily, though he stopped short. When he spoke again, his voice was full of fear. “Cas, what’s wrong with you?”
“Right, then,” said Rowena. She picked up the blade again and closed her eyes, hovering her palm and the knife over the goblet. “Lirach Tasa Vefa Wehlic, Belial,” she said softly. Then once more, with more force: Lirach Tasa Vefa Wehlic, Belial. She repeated it twice more, each one louder than the last, and when she repeated Belial’s name for the fourth and final time, the candle flames roared high, bouncing off the black of the scrying mirror and lighting up the room.
Castiel stared at him for a moment, then sighed. “Ready?” he asked and slipped a hand beneath Dean’s—the one with the chunk of record player wedged between his knuckles. Dean nodded once and clenched his jaw. Castiel gave an apologetic look and gripped the plastic, and Dean winced. “One…two…” he counted, and pulled the chunk out in lieu of saying ‘three.’ Dean hissed, but stayed otherwise composed, and Castiel set the piece aside to stem the flow of blood with the gauze. He held it there while he added another piece on top, then began to gently dab the rest of the cuts on that hand with another piece of prepared, sterilized gauze. “Why the record player?”
it all felt. Angels don’t sleep, so we don’t really dream either—but I dreamed about it last night too.”
“It’s nothing, Cas,” Dean signed, smiling weakly. He sucked in a breath, though, and steeled himself. “Look, man, I know I’m hard on you. It’s not fair, I know it. Sometimes I get so wrapped up in this,” he gestured to himself vaguely, “I forget you’ve been through hell too. It’s not cool.”
“It is.”
With a happy sigh, Dean kissed Castiel back and released his hand, sliding his own up Castiel’s arm to cup the angel’s jaw. They kissed slowly, deeply—dove in and retreated over and over, testing every angle, tasting each other’s breath.
“And I was literally a demon,” said Dean. He sat down beside Rowena and extended his arm. “So here you go, fresh from the tap.”
And somehow, he wants it to happen even more when Dean doesn’t say “I love you” back. But it doesn’t. And he’s afraid it won’t. And there’s another angel, one of his brothers, offering Cas a chance to go home. For years now, the word “home” has meant the bunker, with Dean and Sam. But now, crushed beneath the weight of what hasn’t happened, he starts to think it never really was. So, like a wounded dog, desperate for belonging, Castiel turns from his human home, tries to win back favor with Heaven.
“I don’t,” Michael’s voice repeated. “But like I said, you do. So give me what I want, or I take what you need, and then I take you anyway.”
Dean doesn’t remember the second time either. Or if he does, he’s never mentioned it.
The mind is a powerful thing. Especially for an angel. And someone had fingers deep in Castiel’s cerebellum, rearranging the folds of his memory, rewiring the parts they didn’t like. What they forgot, though, is that Cas had been in a human body for a long time, and even though much of it was still foreign, still strange, much of it wasn’t. The mind is a powerful thing, but so is the heart—and too much heart was, as many had said, always Castiel’s problem. Angels weren’t meant to feel the things he felt; angels weren’t meant to love—especially not a soldier, and this time, when Dean spoke, that human muscle in Castiel’s chest overrode the mechanic in his mind.
Castiel tried to answer, but as Dean’s hand wrapped around him his head fell back against the rain-blurred window, open-mouthed. “Yes,” he said, broken, and moved his finger gently inside Dean, other hand digging into his hip.
“No. You
Castiel leaned up into it, sliding a hand up Dean’s back. The sunflowers in his stomach were just beginning to bloom again when Sam’s voice came from the hallway.
“It’s like, three AM,” grumbled Sam.
“What mistake?” Sam demanded. He stepped around to Jack, protectively.
Castiel growled and stepped so close to the flames they nearly singed his coat, only held back by Sam’s voice behind him, calling, “Cas, don’t!”
“Thought I’d borrow it,” chirped Castiel, patting Dean’s rear through the blanket.
Castiel brushed his hand from Dean’s cheek up into his hair, sweeping his fingers over Dean’s ear, down the back of his neck—and then Dean involuntarily broke the kiss with a violent, whole-body shiver. Castiel blinked at him, then offered a gentle smile. “Let’s get you warm,” he said softly, and then teased as he stood and held out a hand, “You’re so cold you aren’t even blushing.”
“Huh,” said Dean again. “You can’t shut that off?”
Castiel answered with a measured smile and a half nod. He patted Sam’s forearm and slipped on down the hallway to his and Dean’s room.
Song Inspiration:
to. Dean passed out a little before ten AM, shortly after cleaning up from their “miracle,” and Castiel craved nothing more than to be able to join him in his dreaming. He didn’t miss that much about being human, but dreams—those were strange, wondrous things. Holy things. He wondered what Dean might be dreaming of, and what his own dreams might look like after the morning they’d had. Castiel was briefly tempted to reach into Dean’s mind and watch, but he’d done enough of that lately, and besides—he promised, long ago, not to read Dean’s thoughts without permission, and dreams were a certain kind of thought.
“What, like you die?” said Dean, losing his cool for a moment. Sam stirred, but neither he or Jack woke, and Dean lowered his voice before speaking again. “That’s not gonna happen, Cas. We just got you back. I can’t do that again.”
“So you guys are engaged, right?”
In answer, Castiel bit into Dean’s neck again and wrapped his fingers tightly around Dean’s shoulder where he’d once scarred a handprint, and Dean laughed without meaning to. His eyes flew open unbidden as Castiel’s teeth sunk into his skin, and he looked beyond Castiel’s hair and gasped. “Cas,” he whispered, and lowered a hand to tap against Castiel’s back. “Cas, look.”
“Nope,” said Dean. He frowned himself as he pulled his jeans into his lap. “This is gonna suck.”
“I need you,” Castiel answered. He dragged his nails up Dean’s back and into his hair, gripping it to force Dean to look at him. “Dean,” he said, and waited until Dean ceased his thrusts and met his gaze. “I need you,” he said again, level and intent.
Over the next two days, Dean slipped easily between the two worlds of the job: the domestic front while around town, the husband-and-husband crime-buff duo, and the grimy, gritty, alcoholic hunting half behind closed doors. He and Castiel decided, for posterity, they should have a backstory: they met in law school (nowhere fancy, nothing recognizable), which explained why other PTA members kept seeing one or both of them near crime scenes and the police station (they were both criminal lawyers with backgrounds in forensics, just lending a hand to their new community), and Sam coached them on enough of the law lingo to sell it in small talk. Dean even let Castiel hold his hand when they ran into the greyhound woman from the meeting on the way to the morgue. He didn’t even flinch. In fact, he leaned his shoulder into Cas—though internally, he reasoned it was just the slope of the sidewalk throwing him off.
“He’s coming.”
“Dude, be a good sport,” Sam answered.
Album: Houses of the Holy (1973)
“Oh,” said Castiel, leaning down to thumb at the soggy lump of his jeans. “Protection? What—oh.”
When he woke early the next morning after too few hours, he found himself tucked snugly beneath a blanket, the recliner’s legs having been lifted sometime in the night to let him lie back. On the table beside him, stuck beneath his empty beer bottle, was a note:
Artist: Boston
“You were dead, Cas. It didn’t matter what you wanted.”
Castiel reached out and took one of Dean’s hands. “A honeymoon,” said Castiel, lips pursing as he began to draw Dean forward down the rose-strewn path. “Sort of.”
Dean moved quickly. Stalked. He beat Castiel to his room by a few seconds—long enough for him to be standing at his sink, hands on the sides, staring at his reflection when Castiel arrived. He closed the door softly behind him. “Dean,” he said gently, but Dean rounded on him.
“Y—” Dean started, lunging at Sam, but he stumbled as Sam sidestepped him. Dean’s momentum carried him face-first through a patch of undergrowth and he threw up his arm to protect his eyes, bursting through. He came down hard on the other side, skinning the palms of his hands on rockier ground. “Son of a…” he grumbled, catching his breath and pushing to his knees to observe his hands.
Artist: Paul Kantner (& Grace Slick & many more)
Dean looked from the ring up to Castiel, eyes wide, and then back down. “That’s the—cracks, or whatever? Your grace?”
“We kill the witch and the monsters are still gonna do what monsters do, spell or not,” Claire agreed.
or my giving mood will disappear,” Rowena snapped, digging through her bag. Dean watched in silence as she pulled out a small stone bowl and various vials of oils and dried plants. She measured them in drops and pinches into the bowl, then set a pestle inside, and quickly reached for a pen, then grabbed Dean’s hand, scribbling something on his palm. “Find something of Castiel’s—a hair, an eyelash, something he’s touched—place it in the bowl, and use the pestle to grind it to a powder. When you’re ready, repeat this phrase thrice, and light the contents on fire.”
Cas regained his composure quickly and grinned up at Dean. “You think I didn’t know that was coming?”
The room fell into silence. Sam and Dean stood quietly, drinking their whiskey, watching Castiel or the floor or the wall—anything but each other. Finally, Dean grumbled a quiet, “You’ve known for years?” as he went to fill his glass again.
“We’ll be on more equal footing,” said Castiel.
“Morning, nerds,” Dean finally interrupted with a grin.
“We can test it out in the morning,” said Rowena. “If it works, you’ll be good to go.”
“Even I know that, lad,” said Rowena. She twirled a lock of red hair around a finger. “He’s a bit of a martyr.”
“Okay,” said Castiel. He gently angled Dean to sit up straighter, and Dean obliged. Castiel’s arms wound further around—one all the way across Dean’s chest, and he used that hand to grip his shoulder. “This is how it was,” he said softly. “When I pulled you up from Hell.”
“S’great,” Dean mumbled around a mouthful of cake and icing.
Castiel arched his back and hugged his knees into Dean’s side. “I love you,” he said, reaching for Dean’s neck.
“It’s Cas, he’s—y’know, weird,” Dean reasoned, sinking into the cushions.
Castiel blinked away from the fireflies and turned to stare at Dean, head tilting. When he didn’t speak, Dean stuffed his hand down into his back pocket and pulled out the little paper sack. He stared at it as he continued. “I—m’not any good at this. But if you—I want you. I want you to know that I want you, here, always. Not just here. Here…with me. Specifically me. I umm…”
Instead, Castiel’s hand moved around to gently cradle Dean’s broken, bruising jawline, the thumb of his other hand ghosting just above the werewolf scratches on his cheek. He knew Sam and Claire were watching him, but he didn’t care. And he didn’t care that his first of many utterances of “I’m so sorry, Dean, so sorry, I love you” came just before the wailing of the approaching siren could drown it out; didn’t care that Claire and Sam heard the broken confession to the bloody man beneath him, beaten by his own hands.
Castiel listened, watching Dean in sad silence. When Dean lingered over the quiet boom box just a bit too long, lost in thought, Castiel finally spoke up softly. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I like most of your music,” said Castiel, “But sometimes I just want something…I don’t know.”
“Yes, I—” Cas began. He looked down at his chest and touched it as if to make sure he was solid, then looked back up at Dean. “Yes, it’s me. Is it really
Dean snorted again. “Alright.” He paused to smile fondly at Castiel, then stepped forward and leaned down—nearly falling over in the process—to kiss Castiel’s hair and murmur against it, “I love you, Cas.”
“You would,” the angel answered simply.
“Obviously not.”
Dean let out a little chuckle and he looked down at his shoes. “Yeah. What do I owe you?”
Castiel leaned back up to watch Dean’s face as the dream took hold, and when he smiled in his sleep, Castiel knew it had worked and Dean was enjoying a salty sea breeze with his toes in the cool water, lounging on white sands somewhere along the Gulf of Mexico with his brother. He grinned down at the sleeping hunter and leaned back on an elbow to let his gaze linger for a while, content to be curled against Dean’s warm skin. With feather-light touches, Castiel traced the contours of Dean’s face: the arches of his eyebrows, the curve of his lips, the hard lines of his cheekbones and jaw. He brushed his fingertips over the soft ends of Dean’s eyelashes and the satisfying prickle of his stubble, the almost-invisible creases in his forehead that weren’t there when they first met but had been rendered permanent by years of anxiety and loss.
“Can’t say for certain. Perhaps a week, maybe a wee bit more. Come now, have I ever failed you before?” Rowena trilled. Dean rolled his eyes and made to leave, but she stopped him. “Oh, Dean?”
“It won’t be pretty,” said Sam. He scowled and pushed a hand back through his hair.
“I know,” said Dean with another slow nod.
The Bunker powering down cut him off. Sam and Jack both bounced to their feet in a second flat, peering into the darkness, then at each other when the red emergency lights flickered on.
“Here,” said Dean, leaving Castiel propped against the toilet bowl once he was steady to fetch a glass from the counter. “Water.”
“Okay. I’m gonna call Dean,” said Sam, swiping it. “He just went to the liquor store?”
“You’ve said,” said Sam, annoyed.
“I have spoken it,” said Belial. “So it shall be done. When?”
“What do you mean?” said Castiel, his own voice dark and suddenly full of anger. What kind of stupid question was that, he wondered.
“One last thing, and then you can talk,” Castiel interrupted. “You can ask me as many times as you want to if this, if I, am real. Every minute of every day for the rest of our lives, if that’s what you need. And it will be the great privilege of my existence to be able to tell you it is.”
“I have more than one trick up my sleeve, and you’ve just ensured my need for collateral.”
“You sure?”
“You do,” Castiel nodded, and then said more resolutely, “Yes, I’d like a little time alone, if you don’t mind.”
“You’re calm because you think there’s no hope,” said Dean softly, broken. “This whole time—”
Castiel stared down at Dean, unblinkingly, and then made a rather obvious show of rolling his eyes. “You’re insufferable.”
Artist: Robert Plant
“Obviously,” answered Rowena. “The original Seal is made of a material only found in asteroids.”
“Me too,” whispered Dean, and almost as soon as he spoke, Castiel threw back his head into the pillow with an open mouthed, filthy sound, coming hard.
“And everyone knows the Winchesters have less trouble stabbing a vessel to death that isn’t one of their own,” Rowena intoned quietly, again twisting the vial of grace in her fingers.
“Dean, what the hell happened?” Sam called after him, following.
“Pagans?” asked Dean, blinking. “Really?”
“So—art? Music? Literature? Tell me, Michael: Have you ever known a fish to write poetry?” Castiel pressed, his anger bubbling. “Humans, they’re—they’re miracles! Little gods, little creators in themselves—”
“S’alright,” said Dean, eyes still closed to the water.
Heaven.”
“Nothing’s with me either,” protested Sam. “Why’re you acting weird?”
“Dude? Husband? And the hand thing? At least ‘partner’ doesn’t sound as…as gay!”
“Yeah, you know,” Dean began, grinning a little. “Saying things that if anyone else said ‘em, it’d be rude. But it’s you, so it isn’t.”
“Okay, whatever. You’re going to ask him to marry—”
“In your head,” Castiel began awkwardly. He tried to glance away, but Dean’s hand slipped out of his hair to tilt his chin back up.
Michael roared back at Dean and staggered backwards, hand at his throat, bottle protruding from his stomach. He took stock of his body briefly before returning his attention to Dean, who, while Michael was distracted, had managed to shuttle Sam, Jack, and Castiel away from the mayhem and toward the bunker’s entrance. If they made it inside, Michael was back to playing a waiting game, and Sam wouldn’t make the same mistake twice. He couldn’t fight them all in his weakened state, it was true; and with the new damage to his vessel, he knew there was no chance of getting the grace from Sam. The younger Winchester would crush it in his palm the moment Michael tried, and it would all have been for nothing. But he had enough power to do one thing.
“We were just—there was a book and some glass—”
“I need you,” he said again, and pulled Dean close. “I love you,” he whispered, and Dean leaned down to meet his beloved’s lips in a bruising kiss.
Dean pressed one and put the phone on speaker as he forced himself out of bed.
“Wait—how did you get Michael’s grace? When?” he asked, and both Jack and Sam fell quiet to listen.
Dean watched as Sam unshackled his ankles, then spoke again when his brother moved up to his wrists. “If it’s not the first time I’ve woken up, how long have I been out?”
“Nothing,” Castiel groaned and rubbed a hand down his face.
“You’re bleeding.”
Sam recovered first. He lowered his gun and sighed. “Rowena? What are you doing here? Where the hell’d you come from? Were you following us?”
The War Room table was covered up in books and papers stacked so high, Dean almost didn’t see Rowena seated behind a pile of them.
“Oh. Right, yeah,” said Dean, brows knitting. He shook his head and grabbed two bottles by the neck. “So, you said you could get cable?”
“Me and Sam come fishing up here sometimes when we get a couple days without a hunt,” Dean said, throwing the car into park. “C’mon.” He swung open the door and walked around to the trunk, popping it open. “Grab the cooler from the back?” he called to Castiel as he dug around.
“Yeah, thanks,” said Sam, and he walked the few yards to the other side of the clearing.
Dean looked back at Castiel with his eyebrows raised. “I was going to say asleep,” he said. “But okay.” He sighed and brought his hands up to cover Castiel’s, still on his cheeks, and shut his eyes hard. “Man, I’ve got the worst damn headache…”
“This is the actual opposite of what I wanted,” he groaned under his breath.
“Shock him,” nodded Dean. He did as instructed and though he cringed, he held Castiel’s nose and pushed the angel beneath the icy water. Still, Castiel didn’t flinch. Jack returned with more ice and the first aid kit. “Dump it in,” Dean called over. He lifted Castiel out for a moment and released his nose. Castiel took a deep breath but didn’t rouse. “Damnit,” he grumbled, and waiting as Jack poured in the ice.
“That’s not what that means,” said Sam.
“What?” a woman’s harsh voice answered.
Dean gave a shuddering intake of breath, but nodded, and Castiel returned the gesture. He pressed his forehead to Dean’s and wound his hand to the small of his back, urging him close while the other hand pressed down against his shoulder, signaling him to sit. Dean obliged and Castiel went down with him, pushing him gently back into the grass and straddling him.
“Because for the moment, you’re no good to me slow or dead,” said Michael, the eerie calm seeping back into his borrowed voice. “If you hadn’t noticed, I’m a little drained, and I’m not wasting precious time or energy dragging your broken body around.” He sniffed and shrugged as he moved to step beyond the treeline. “As for here? Why here? I wanted you to see it. There are so few angels left in your world to truly appreciate our father’s creation. So call it selfishness; I wanted you to see it, in all its glory.”
“Yeah. Whatever you want. Well—kind of,” said Dean. “I was trying to remember what you liked from last time, so it’s pretty much burgers or burritos. We can do one now, the other for dinner.”
“Mmm,” hummed Castiel. “I am.” He let out a slow sigh and lifted his hands to the back of his neck, digging fingers into his shoulders. He dragged them forwards in a little massage and hummed again, content. “I always liked this part,” he said softly. “The hot water, and the steam. It’s soothing.”
“I’m fine,” insisted Castiel.
“I thought it was obvious,” trilled Rowena, eyes fluttering. She looked down at Castiel once more, now still and silent, and she slowly removed her hand from his mouth and stepped back. “His eyes are dimming,” she said. “Once they go out it’s over, Sam.”
“Everybody knows what?” said Dean, scowling up from his phone.
it hurt him,” said Rowena. “I made that perfectly clear from the start. How badly it hurt him is entirely up to wee Jack’s constitution, not the spell.”
“Uhh—no,” said Sam, and his frown deepened. “Why would it be here?”
Dean sniffed and balled a fist at his side but relented. “Fine. When do we do this?”
“Oi, leave it be!” Rowena chastised, finally looking up from her book. “It takes as long as it takes. Do you know the time frame for the formation of a garnet?”
Castiel softened without meaning to, his guts threatening to spill out again. He stepped forward, a bloody hand instinctively reaching for the crumbling hunter. “Dean, I—”
Castiel straightened and set his jaw, and Michael calmed himself, adopting a smug grin.
“It’s only normal he’s scared, Sam.”
“They’re coming,” he said to Rowena, quickly scrubbing away his smile.
“And then Michael brings me here, and I see—” Castiel cuts himself off, and unintentionally, his wings finally unfurl from his back in a massive, bright blue wave. Dean’s eyes widened, but Castiel didn’t relent. “So now, Dean, if you love me, if you have
?” Castiel hissed.
“Good point,” said Sam. “Maybe—maybe we do both rituals at the same time?” Dean scowled at him, but Sam shrugged him off. “We brought extra supplies.”
Dean snorted nonchalantly, but he felt that warm twist in his belly again, and his heart stuttered. “You trying to go alpha male on me?”
“I don’t not like them,” said Dean, looking over his shoulder to Sam. “I don’t know. I just don’t think he cares.”
“And you just did it anyway?”
“It seems to have backfired,” Castiel answered. He slipped his arms around Dean’s back and pressed his forehead to Dean’s again. “Although I can’t say I’m disappointed.”
Castiel looked at Dean’s open palm, then up to his lover’s eyes. He took DI ean’s hand and stood, smiling and dipping his chin a few times in a small nod. “I’d like that,” he said.
“Enough.”
“Sorry about that,” said Jack, a little bashful. “But not really.”
“You don’t ever have to thank me,” said Castiel quietly, not unkindly. “You know that.”
“You needed the sleep,” Sam countered. “So did Jack, which is why I didn’t wake him either.”
“More’n fifty cents, they’ll play,” said the old man. “More’n five bucks, they’ll play good.”
Dean?” said Castiel, rising again to pace across the room. He put his hands on the table and leaned over, sighing. When he spoke again, his voice was calm, soft. Pained. “Then why can’t it—why can’t we be like that?”
Dean smirked and let out a short, quiet laugh. “Pants would be nice,” he mumbled, taking a few steps forward with his hands hovering around his crotch to badly hide it.
“Nothing,” said Dean, abandoning the bottle to scratch awkwardly through his hair. “Just—I dunno. This is good.”
I don’t want to watch you grow old, I want to grow old
Dean and Castiel both knew what Sam was doing, but they didn’t care. While he was outside they leaned into each other, swapping breathy, tentative kisses against the wall beside the door, hands in each other’s hair, exploring cheekbones and jawlines with fingers and brushes of lips as if at any moment, one of them might disappear.
“No,” said Dean, shaking his head, his voice rising again. “No, because I was worried. Aright? Is that what you want to hear? I was worried about you, Cas, because I can’t—” he cut himself off, his voice strangling.
“You’ll never recover from all this missing grace. Not fully,” he said. “And I don’t know if you’ve heard, but there are only nine of us left. Soon there will be no angels left for you to feed on, and everything will collapse.”
“…And you know this by what means?” asked Belial.
Sam scrunched up his face and sniffed. “You smell like a bartender.”
Dean spread his own left hand over Castiel’s, then lifted his right to grip behind him at the nape of Castiel’s neck, his lips parting in a breath of pleasure.
“I’m afraid you’ll have to try harder than that,” said Michael. He no longer wore a smile. “You see, I’m a busy man. Got things to do, and you’re in my way.”
“Name your terms,” Belial answered simply.
Castiel closed his eyes and sighed. He leaned into Dean’s touch and clasped his hand overtop Dean’s. “I hope you’re right.”
“I’m right here, Cas,” Dean grumbled.
“Stop myself hearing your thoughts?”
“Woah—easy,” said Dean, staggering sideways as he half-carried Castiel down the hall, the other man nearly dead-weight. His shoulder hit the wall, and he used it to brace himself to better his hold on Castiel. “You gonna make it?”
When everything was clean, he touted his sopping clothes back to the cliff to spread them out on the rocks beside the falls to dry, and he stretched out naked in the sunshine, eating and soaking up the beauty of this lonely, lovely place. Castiel assumed his chores took him four hours, and that it was nearly noon. He looked down at his legs and noticed his thighs were tanned but beginning to look very thin. His dark hair fell long and unruly into his eyes. His stomach growled, and Castiel glanced at what was left of the day’s food: three fruits that resembled peaches, a handful of deep purple berries, and two-dozen long, green bean pods. He’d have to go further out tomorrow; the food here was almost picked clean.
Song: Oye Como Va
It was dark—still nighttime in whatever part of the world Castiel had brought him to, and there were no city lights or power poles in sight. There was no need, though; the sky was so clear Dean could see every star, and the moon, though not quite full, was so bright it illuminated everything in a soft, white glow. Before him spread out the navy ocean, shot through with a bright beam moonlight. Dean and Castiel were standing on a tiny stretch of shoreline about twenty feet from the waves, but on either side of the sand the landscape turned sharply upwards into blunt, high cliffs covered in tall whispering grass. He craned his neck over his shoulder to look behind him, and saw that the cliffs and greenery continued there, though on a gentler slope.
“Alright,” said Castiel, returning the smile again. Dean turned his back and focused again on the cooking. Instead of going to the pantry to get the supplies, he stood and watched Dean in silence—noted the way the blades of his shoulders moved beneath his shirt, almost like the muscles in a pair of wings. Something painful twisted in his gut, and Castiel’s feet moved seemingly without permission to carry him across the kitchen. Silently, he approached Dean and wound his arms around his torso, pressing his forehead to the back of Dean’s neck to kiss the center of his back between his shoulders with a long sigh.
“No, staying is camping, and I do hate camping,” said Dean, correcting Sam smugly.
We are our own saviours
“Here,” said Castiel. He crossed the room quickly and disappeared into the bathroom a moment, then returned with a paper cup full of lukewarm water.
“So,” repeated Castiel, heart in his throat, eyes wide.
“He did,” Dean clarified lowly, and cleared his throat. “In my head, with Michael.”
"Cas. Hey," he answers. His voice is dull.
Song Inspiration:
“Yes, Cas—” Dean tried.
“Dean…” began Castiel, reaching out to touch him on the shoulder, but Dean didn’t relent. He shook Castiel’s arm off.
“Cookie for you, Feathers,” said Rowena. “And it’s not just the veil that’s thin.”
Jack stared at the spot where Castiel had been a moment before, then looked out over the landscape. He didn’t have his power, but he still had archangel in the strands of his DNA. It took all of his concentration, but he stared hard into the distance, willing himself to see what humans couldn’t and he did: Castiel’s black wings large and stark against the bright blue sky, wheeling and diving through the air in a dance so beautiful it broke Jack’s heart to watch.
“You’ve just never given yourself the same chance,” Sam continues. “You went through bad break-ups, just like most of the people you see. You’ve been so busy trying to help them out and keep yourself safe in the meantime that you’ve never moved on to the next part of it. But you can’t control everything, Dean, and this thing with Cas just proves it.”
He can’t imagine exactly what it must be like for Castiel, but he’s fairly certain he knows better than anyone else. “We’re going to get them back.” He pulls himself upright, shaking off the drops of water that cling to his skin as he steps out of the pool. “Castiel, I swear. We’re going to get them back.”
Cas laughs, sending a pleasant shiver through Dean’s body. Damn, he likes the sound of that laugh. “Tell me about it. I used to spend hours at the library, buried in research, and time would fly by. Now I’m locked here in my room and it’s like every second lasts an hour.”
Despite his uncomfortable trip down recent memory lane, Dean smiles. “I’m an architect.”
Dean can’t remember the last time he was this nervous about a date.
Winchester swore quite vehemently. He was carrying Castiel’s coat in one hand, but he dropped it to the ground as he quickly peeled off his own. Castiel’s smile widened. He knew Winchester would be unable to resist a direct challenge.
“Dean Winchester is the smartest, funniest, handsomest person in the world and he’s never wrong.”
“Now,” said Rowena, ignoring Dean’s protest. “You’ll feel it instantly but have about a minute to get where you’re going. So I suggest you hustle.”
“Stupid son of a bitch,” he yelled and threw his phone, missing the incoming witch text from Sam as he tore out for their fake house.
Sam smiled and folded his arms comfortably. “Yeah. Dude needs some new clothes.”
Shoeless, Dean looped his fingers into Castiel’s beltloops to draw him back down, crashing his lips into his lover’s and rolling his hips, pulling a small moan from somewhere deep in Castiel’s chest—and then he went rigid.
Dean nodded, and slowly guided Castiel’s fingers out, then licked his palm, slicked Castiel, and lined him up. He looked into blue eyes, and when Castiel nodded back, he sank down slowly, exhaling a moan that turned into a laugh. Castiel gasped and writhed, hips bucking up without meaning to. Dean slowly lifted, then sank back down, Castiel’s hands warm and tight on his hips. “C’mere,” he whispered, and pulled on Castiel’s shoulder to guide him forwards. Castiel moved slowly so as not to unseat Dean, lowering him onto his back on the seat of the car.
“Okay,” said Sam, and sleepily shuffled away again. And once again, he returned a second later, adding, “I need that.”
“Alright,” said Castiel, challenging gently. “When do you want to get
weren’t his and started thumbing through them anyway. Hallucination or not, if he had a record player in this world, he was damn well going to enjoy his time with it while he tried to figure this shit out. He pulled out a blue sleeve covered in strange looking people in robes, set it on the turntable, and dropped the tone arm carelessly somewhere in the middle of the record.
“What? Cas, no,” said Dean, blinking out of his contentment and sitting up to look at Castiel. He closed his hand around the angel’s shoulder. “That was the best I’ve—it was perfect,” he said, leaning to replace his hand with a soft kiss to Castiel’s arm.
“I love you,” Dean whispered back.
“What’s your main issue?” asked Jack, finally, looking from the horizon to Castiel.
“Disappointed?”
Dean snorted. “You sure?”
“It’s this grace,” Castiel answered, though he visibly relaxed, if only marginally, at Dean’s touch. “It’s fighting to get out.”
“Why would he do that, Sammy?” Dean could feel the dam of heartache breaking, giving way to rage, but he didn’t try to stop it.
“Yeah,” said Dean, swallowing.
Dean had been driving for seventeen minutes when his phone started buzzing in his pocket. He smiled at Castiel’s name on the screen and slid the arrow into the green. “Cas, hey—what? …Why are you on Cas’s phone? …Not far. Went to a pawn shop…What? …What happened? …M’on my way. Keep him safe.”
“Nothing,” Castiel murmured into Dean’s skin. “I just—it sounds silly,” he said, “but I can’t ever seem to be close enough to you. Sometimes it’s like any space is too much space.” He paused as Dean’s fingers tensed on his back, pulling him somehow closer, and then he whispered, “And we spent so many years already fighting back the urge to touch. So much time.”
“What’s missing?” Dean mumbled into Castiel’s ear.
“I’m alright for now, thank you,” said Castiel. Jack simply shook his head, mouth too full of cake to speak.
, did you?”
“Really?”
For just a moment, everything stopped. The burly vessel fighting Castiel stepped back, and both angels peered to the corner. Every hunter squinted into the shadows, and silently, a small brunette woman emerged, completely naked, palms outstretched. She was dripping with blood from seemingly her entire body; there were sigils scarring nearly every inch of skin, many of them fresh.
"Are you alright? What's happened?" Sam won't look at me. He doesn't look at anything. As I near, I notice the almost-empty liquor bottle to his left and the sweating glass in his hand. "Sam..."
A slamming door and the glint of an angel blade alerted Michael to Sam’s presence, the other hunter barreling to Dean’s aid. “I need to heal. If my grace stays safe, so does Castiel,” said Michael, jerking Castiel back again. He gripped the crystal around his neck in his palm and shrugged, amending easily, “Maybe. Guess you won’t know until I’m back.”
“What are you doing, Dean?”
“It’s not if you listen.”
Dean smirked. “Nobody does.” He reached out and set a tentative hand on Castiel’s knee. “You hungry?”
“I agree, Sam,” Castiel answered gently. He shook his head. “Dean and I have been through worse. I think we’re both…it’s an adjustment.”
“Damnit, Cas,” Dean whispered, shooting up from the table. “You’re gonna have to finish this yourself. I’ll be back,” he said, still texting.
“You’re certain you’re alright doing this?”
Castiel hesitated, but admitted, “That could work. And it would be easier to extract…”
“We sort of…” Sam began, but Dean cut him off with a huff of breath.
“Crystals are stones. And stones…” said Rowena, prompting.
In answer, Castiel licked into Dean’s mouth, lifted his hips.
The song faded out and the album ended, filling the room with the soft clicks and static hum of vinyl, but Dean and dream Cas didn’t part. Castiel watched as the couple ceased their dancing and stood still, lost to time and each other. The breathy sounds of kisses mingled with the skipping static, and the very air was like electricity. Dean and dream Cas worked themselves into a slow passion—gently biting and sucking and pulling the breath from each other’s lungs. Dream Cas leaned away and reached for Dean’s hand, backing up towards the bed, blue eyes a cold fire.
“Okay, see, that’s what you lead with,” said Dean, his stoicism waning.
“Dean, RUN!” Castiel shouted, and the ringing got louder.
“You’re not giving up?”
Jack grunted in answer, but his eyes didn’t open.
“Come on, Sammy,” said Dean, pouring Sam’s drink. “This life? We don’t get to be happy. We don’t get relationships.” He set the bottle down, a little too loudly, but Castiel still didn’t stir. “I mean, look at our track record. Lisa, Jessica, Amelia…”
Dean straightened and looked around, shaking his head. “What’re you even still doing in here?” he said. “I told you to take a breather, man.”
“Rowena.”
Dean stiffens as I take his hands--my stomach lurches--but he settles eventually, and even hooks his thumbs over the top of my knuckles. He lets me hold them, and the tightness inside me bursts into flames. Again, I can't stop myself from smiling. He nods, and I continue.
Castiel returned the smile. “It is.”
Dean smirked. “I’m thinking I’m happy,” he said. “I’m savoring it. I’m thinking—”
Song Inspiration:
“The same,” said Cas wearily, and slid into a seat at the table. He nodded at Sam, and Sam filled a second mug. “He didn’t sleep at all. He tore his room apart looking for these cassette tapes he’s convinced he’s supposed to have.”
The door to Dean’s and Castiel’s room opened a second later, and Sam and Jack whipped around to stare at Dean in the doorway, incredulous.
“He can’t kill you
Castiel hummed and sank back into his chair and combed his hand back through spikes of his still damp hair. “You wanted to talk?”
“…and I guess
“Nothing, just—you seen Dad’s journal? I can’t find it.”
“What?” Castiel whispered, face falling.
“I don’t want to talk about this, Dean!” Sam yelled back.
“And it still doesn’t actually deal with Michael,” said Sam. “Just gets him out of Dean. He’ll be out there circling for a new vessel.”
The sun rose in Dean’s chest, pushing a smile to his lips as well. “I—just. I love you, Cas. And,” he faltered, slipping into a guilty frown. “I’m sorry. For not saying it earlier. I’m sorry for ever making you feel like I didn’t—didn’t love you, or didn’t want you, or—I’m just sorry. I don’t know how—”
“I think if I could get my powers back, I’d take them,” said Jack, sadly. He squirmed a bit beneath the seatbelt to awkwardly reach behind him and run his fingers over the flat place between his shoulder blades. “It’s like there’s a scar there,” he said. “But there isn’t one.”
Song: The Mountain Song
“I think—” Cas tried again, broken up by a moan of pleasure. “I—” he started over, but Dean claimed his lips, rolling once more, and Cas groaned into them. He arched again, and Dean broke the kiss once more to nibble at his ear. “I think—” he tried one more time, and then he went still beneath Dean. Lifeless.
In the center of the dark library a faint purple glow emanated from the center of the table. Dean’s heart gave a lurch of hope as he approached, but it faltered back into despair as he noted the crystal’s still small size. He flicked on one of the vintage lamps and seated himself at the table. The old lights bathed the room in a soft, tinny green that contrasted disgustingly with the purple. The room was a bruise and Dean was the sore center. He unscrewed the lid of the whiskey and settled back in his chair.
“I’ll do it,” he said.
The End
It had been months since Dean gave his body over to Michael. Almost six. Half a year. Exactly five months, three weeks, six days, eleven hours, thirty-one minutes, and seven seconds, by Castiel’s count. Eight seconds. Nine. Ten. Eleven…each stretching on longer than the last. Staring down Dean—or the body of Dean—across the wall of fire, Castiel made a note to start adding milliseconds if this didn’t work.
“Oh my god,” Claire grumbled, slumping in the backseat.
“Because that’s the point right now,” Dean countered. He fished his keys from his pocket and slid into the Impala, starting it, but not yet closing the door.
Sam stood after a few moments and peeked out the curtains to see Castiel sitting on a bench a few feet to the left of the door, hands folded in his lap, staring straight ahead with a set jaw. Sam sighed and pulled the curtain all the way closed to shut out the light. He kicked off his shoes and collapsed face down on the cot, not bothering with the blanket.
Castiel, for his part, sat silently in the floor, looking shell-shocked while Dean and Sam talked over each other.
“Shhh,” Dean whispered against Castiel’s lips, grinning. “Don’t wanna wake up the bunker.”
“I hate being stuck here.”
He trailed his fingers over things absently, not really seeing or touching them, and let his mind wander.
“Yes,” said Castiel gently. “On both counts.” He ducked down and kissed Dean gently on the lips, repeating again as he pulled away, “I’m with you.”
“And I suppose there’s no talking you out of it?”
“Glad that’s settled,” said Sam. “Let’s get going. Mr. and Mr. Jones, you have a PTA meeting in an hour.”
“Just—this,” said Dean, ticking his head to indicate the Impala. “All of this. Three weeks ago I kissed you, right there,” he pulled loose an arm to point to the front seat, “and you like, exploded, and then you were human, and…the lake, and the ring, and we—here, and then the party, and Michael, and Belial, and Eden, and now—now we’re back here in this damn garage where I almost lost you the first time, and you’ve got archangel grace in you just like you did then, and—” Dean lifted both his hands now to press the heels of his palms hard into his eye sockets. “…and the whole time, the
Sam decided not to mention it when Dean slid into the backseat with Castiel. And when he caught them over and over in the rearview mirror—touching hands across the seat, then looping fingers, then slowly sliding closer to each other until, finally, Dean was under Castiel’s arm, head on his shoulder, the two of them eventually a tangled mess of trench coat and flannel in one corner of the car—he pretended not to notice.
Dean laced his fingers tightly across Castiel’s chest, and he shivered as the water displaced with his movement to lap the arms of his t-shirt. Still, he simply sighed and rested his forehead back into Castiel’s hair. Dean sat this way in silence for a few minutes, staring blanking into the darkness of the angel’s hair. A memory flashed through his mind, and he closed his eyes.
Sam nodded. “Good.” He looked up to Dean’s back and opened his mouth to speak, but his eyes cut to Castiel. “Cas, you okay?”
Hey Jude – The Beatles (1968)
“Always.”
“Yeah,” said Sam, though he furrowed his brow. “Okay. Call if you need anything.”
“You gonna sleep there?”
Dean rolled his eyes and jerked out a chair at the table, the legs scraping loudly on the hard floor. He sat down heavily in front of the dome and grumbled. “How long’s this take anyway?”
“What?” Dean said, and then caught Sam’s gaze. “Wait—no. No way. Why don’t you two play house, huh?”
Cas blew out a soft laugh through his nose. “No.”
Position: Song 5 Side 1
Dean groaned and threw his face back into the pillow, muffling his words. “Always so damn precise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed lowly through grit teeth.
Song: More Than A Feeling
Castiel lifted his head and kissed Dean’s neck, then released him. “I am,” he said simply, and slipped away to the pantry.
(See the end of the chapter for
By the fourth day as a human Castiel was restless. His grace was slower to separate from Michael’s than everyone expected, and that meant time was moving mortally for him for the first time in years. He wouldn’t mind it so much, he thought, if he had something to do during all these hours. Sleep was nice. Hot showers were good. Sex was great, and it also meant more hot showers. He liked cooking with Dean and watching movies with him and Sam and Jack. They played Monopoly, and Castiel found it infuriating—he didn’t understand it and he always lost. But he loved Battleship. Castiel had spent most of his thousands of years of existence as a soldier—a war strategist—and he out-maneuvered everyone in that game, every time. Battleship made sense, but after the seventh game in five days, they were all tired of it too.
Castiel started crossing the street. “I thought you didn’t like that word,” he deflected.
“Ready?” Sam asked.
Castiel gave the smallest of smiles. “Right. What the hell.” He turned to look at Jack, and said, “Ready?”
“You know those make you gassy,” Sam leveled at Dean.
Jack’s voice sounded far away and watery from the phone in Sam’s pocket. He stopped pouring the holy oil to fish out the phone, and said into it, “Good. How much time do we have?”
Sam balked. “What?”
“Flirt?” asked Castiel, squinting.
“Yeah, I Poughkeepsie,” answered Sam.
. And when he came home, he taught us the names of his creations. And we worshipped--bodiless, formless, free--we worshipped. What we did--you might call it singing, dancing--art forms for our Father. We watched him create
To Castiel the ringing wasn’t a tone, but the disembodied voice of Michael, and he was laughing. “This is getting pathetic, Castiel.”
“I asked,” said Dean simply, toeing out of his boots.
“I bet he’d say the same thing about you,” countered Sam. He ran a hand back through his hair. “Listen, I know the self-loathing is just sort of what we do, but you gotta give yourself a break sometimes, Dean. You’ve always done the best you could. We all have.”
Dean woke on day 7 of Castiel’s humanity to find the other half of the bed empty. He rolled to his back and stretched, mumbling to himself, “So much for the honeymoon phase.” Dean slipped from bed and started across the room, pointedly keeping his gaze away from the desk and the pile of records stacked on top, now without a player to make them useful. He showered quickly, brushed his teeth, dressed, and made for the kitchen.
Somewhere beyond his consciousness, the world kept turning.
“Okay,” said Dean, leaning back in his chair. “Thought you needed some kind of spell for that.”
Dean smirked and dipped his head. “She’s gonna be pissed about that. But I’d have done the same thing. You talk to her yet?”
“You didn’t tell me you were hurt.”
Castiel smirked and casually, as if it was the most normal thing in the world, pushed the ring onto the fourth finger of his left hand. “Don’t ask stupid questions,” he mumbled, and he leaned forward to throw his arms around Dean, crushing their lips together. They kissed each other, rough and sloppy and joyful, and just in case, Castiel whispered against Dean’s lips, between breaths, “Of course it’s a yes.”
Cas lifted his head, grinning darkly, and started, “That close already?” His face fell almost immediately when he looked properly at Dean, though: his eyes closed tight, brows furrowed, jaw set, head leaned back against the headboard. “Dean, what is it?”
Castiel beamed at him. “Of course. Want some champagne? I think it’s technically sparkling wine, since it’s not from the Champagne region of France. But that’s really not very important, I don’t think, because the chemical processes are so similar, and from a molecular standpoint, they’re really…” Castiel trailed off to blink at Dean, who was staring back at him with another goofy, contented smile. “I’m rambling again.”
“Burritos,” said Dean. Jack was searching the fridge for an empty space to put a large quantity of ground beef, and Dean called over, “Hey, Jack, leave that out would you?”
“I know, but—” Dean started, but Castiel shook his head.
Dean rolled his eyes. “What do you think happened?”
Castiel blushed and jerked his gaze away from Dean. “I guess I did. I’m sorry.”
Album: Mistaken Identity (1981)
“Mmm. Right,” said Dean. “No idea where to start.”
“It’ll help me too,” she brushed him off. “So as to program the crystal to his location. Now…shoo.”
Castiel moved more slowly than he meant to, something twisting in his gut, the sound growing louder with his approach. He stood outside Dean’s room for a moment, listening to the slow, muffled song and staring at the slat of soft light that spilled from beneath the door. Finally, he put his hand out to push it, but it went straight through as if he was a ghost. Castiel steeled himself for what he might find and stepped through Dean’s door.
?” Dean asked.
Dean picked up his pace without meaning to, and then felt a hand press against his chest. He stopped, breathless, to look at Castiel, and smiled a little. “Lay back,” he instructed, and Castiel did as told, carefully shifting his weight around until he was flat on his back on the blanket, Dean fully on display above him. Dean’s grin grew wider, and he pressed his hands to Castiel’s hips, then started up another slow, steady grind, pumping himself in Castiel’s hand as he drew Castiel’s erection in and out of his body.
“Because I don’t want you to get dead again!” said Dean, breaking out of his quietude into a yell. He put his hands on his temples. “Shit, Cas—you’re such a child sometimes! How do you not get this?”
“Okay, alright!” said Dean, holding up his palms. “Bad Place, then. We survived it once.”
“Dean?” he ventured quietly, stepping toward the flames.
Album: Waiting for the Sun (1968)
“Let me,” Dean panted when he was settled again, and Castiel nodded. Dean settled his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, and rolled his hips, lifting himself up on his knees. He couldn’t move as patiently as Castiel’s angelic strength allowed, but the angel didn’t seem to mind, and neither did Dean. In a few slow thrusts his head was rolling back, lips parting in a silent cry as he rode Castiel, and Castiel wrapped his hand around Dean’s length once more, letting Dean’s motion carry him through.
“Yeah, he’s not good,” Sam worried, following to kneel beside his brother. “Can you—you can’t fix him, can you?” he realized, peering over the angel’s glowing wounds.
“Called it,” said Sam.
“Well, boy?” Belial’s voice pulled Dean back into his body, and he cleared his throat. “Revenge,” he forced out the single word, and even that was strangled.
“What it means, Dean.”
Dean didn’t speak. He stared back at Castiel, lips parted, heart thudding. Finally, he cleared his throat and simply grumbled, “C’mere,” and Castiel did. Dean lay back and crooked his arm beneath his head again, opening the other. Castiel tucked himself into it and Dean hugged him close into his side, crossing his ankles. Castiel’s head settled on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean leaned aside to press a kiss into the dark hair above his temple, sighing.
, Dean?” Sam pressed, now yelling himself.
“Dean!” a chorus of voices shouted.
“Okay,” said Dean, shaking his head. He disappeared out into the bedroom for a moment, then came back and draped a plain, blue flannel blanket around Castiel’s shoulders. “You gonna be mad if I lay down in the bed?”
“Had worse,” Dean answered, surprised by his own voice: it was mostly a wheeze, the noise scratching in his throat. He cleared it, but it didn’t do much good. “You look awful.”
“Find you?” Michael interrupted. He chuckled. “That may be the stupidest question you’ve ever asked—well, anyone.”
“I said, could you please turn it down?”
“Did you know this would happen?”
“Shut up,” he said, and hit the play button on the tape deck.
“C’mon,” he said, and Castiel rose clumsily, heavily from his lap, and then Dean stood as well. As quickly as they could manage in the deluge, they gathered up the candles and sopping blanket, put out the lantern, and shoved it all haphazardly into Dean’s duffle bag. Castiel grabbed the cooler and Dean threw the bag over his shoulder, and they made their way the twenty feet or so back to the car in a slow, splashy jog, the mud of the shoreline sucking gently at their shoes.
Castiel exhaled and shook his head just slightly, closing his eyes. “I knew you’d find me.”
“Thinking we’re
“She is,” Dean conceded with a little laugh. Relief flooded the sound, but he bottled it up quickly. “Where are you, Cas? Are you okay? We’re coming for you. We found a way. I’m sorry—I’m so sorry, Cas, I—”
“I think you’ve already made your choice,” said Jack, a little grin twisting his lips.
“I would’ve come out of it if you, y’know, had given me a chance to.”
“Well yeah, but—”
“What a predictable nerve I seem to have struck,” said Michael, rolling his eyes. He must have seen Sam standing, too, because his other hand balled into a fist, and Sam collapsed to the ground, eyes wide, clawing at his throat for breath. “What about this nerve, Dean?”
Position: Side 1, Song 1
“That’s not what I mean,” said Dean. “And you know it. I saw
“Cas—what?” Dean answered, out of breath and fumbling in the darkness for his phone, a light.
“The stack furthest to the right,” said Castiel, opening his eyes again. “I haven’t read through it yet.”
Dean’s stomach swam again, but this time it was full of electricity instead of acid, butterflies instead of bile. He lunged forward to claim Castiel’s lips in a hard, warm kiss, pulling the breath from his lover’s lungs. “Of course, Cas. I want you however I can have you.”
“I don’t have a record player,” Dean repeated. “I don’t use vinyls. We never stayed in one place long enough to—it was always cassette tapes. For the Impala. I use cassettes.”
“Right,” said Sam, smirking just briefly. “So, during the last few battles of the war, it looked like Lucifer’s army was going to win. Until Belial and the Sons of Darkness went up against a company of angels called the Sons of Light.” Dean rolled his eyes, and Sam chuckled. “Yeah, it’s all uhh—pretty literal.”
Castiel laughed breathlessly into Dean’s mouth and dug his nails into his hips. “You make it hard,” he whispered back.
“I don’t know who that is,” said Castiel. “But yes, we’re home, in one of the spare rooms.” He rubbed his thumbs over Dean’s cheekbones then pulled away, rising to his feet. He extended a hand to Dean. “Come on. You need to eat something, and I need to put Sam in a bed.”
Castiel’s hard mask faltered just slightly, and faded completely to guilt when Dean finished, “I can’t lose you again, man. I can’t. So don’t do stupid shit like that just because you’re pissed at me.”
“Don’t,” he whispered to Dean, his chin lifted, eyes closed. His fingers dug into Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel stood and moved out of the way, pushing back his chair. “We can go look for one together. Maybe a heavy-duty one.”
“So there’s your answer,” finished Claire. “Poor woman lost everything, spent two years studying, and got her revenge.” She pulled a piece of paper from her pocket and passed it to Sam. “Here’s her address. What do you say we pay her a visit?”
“Calm down, Samuel. We’re getting there,” she said. “Yes, I followed you. You’re not exactly subtle in that grumbling machine you call a car.” She paused, and then added flippantly, “And the tracking spell doesn’t hurt. Anyway—after I called you, Sam, I put on a cloaking spell and moseyed over here myself. Knew you’d show up before too long. As for the
“You did this for me?” said Castiel, breathless.
Castiel whirled around to face Michael as the archangel crowded into his space. “I’ve got to hand it to you, Dean,” he said. “This is a clever little trick. Did your witch whip it up for you, or have you finally grown a brain?” Michael held up a hand and closed it into a fist, and Castiel gulped, then began gripping at his throat, face coated in fear.
“The grace,” Castiel began through clenched teeth. “I can’t move.”
You know,” he paused and gestured around. “This. Staying out in this.”
“First time you’ve used full sentences, though.”
“Thanks?” said Sam, taking the pot.
Michael sneered. “No, they’re not. This?” He swung his arm out over the valley. “This is
Michael stared at Castiel, and Castiel pushed the blade ever so slightly further. From somewhere behind, Sam yelled, “Cas, don’t!” Though his voice sounded thick and watery behind the protection spell.
“Come on, man. I’m not playing this game.” Dean stepped to try and snatch the compass again, but Sam backstepped even further.
“Hello, boys,” said Rowena. “Miss me?”
“Hey, what’s wrong?” said Sam, meeting him at the kitchen’s entrance, face knit with concern. Behind him, Cas stood still clutching his coffee cup, wearing the same expression.
“Run!” Castiel yelled, and then bent forward, clutching his head.
“When he mixed it with his own grace,” said Sam. “But what if it’s only Michael’s grace?”
This seemed to entertain Michael to no end, and he—or the woman he was wearing—smiled. “So you
“In a sense,” Cas said, leaning up on the middle seat. “But it isn’t like your human marriages. We’re more…partners. More about loyalty than romance—that’s a concept angels don’t understand. Unless, of course, we fall.”
“Are you planning on taking it somewhere?”
Artist: Jethro Tull
Castiel didn’t say another word. Slowly, gently, he pushed himself inside Dean, and Dean relaxed himself around the pressure, letting Castiel sink himself until Dean was flush with his hips. They both groaned in unison, and Castiel leaned forward over Dean to press a kiss between his shoulderblades. “Give me your hand,” he whispered, and Dean resettled one of his hands closer to Castiel on the floor. One of Castiel’s landed softly on top, winding his fingers through Dean’s, tender and cautious in the wake of his demands.
“As careful as I can be,” said Castiel. “You too. If you need to stop the spell—”
“Can I say something too?” Jack chimed in.
“Which is?” said Sam, goading.
“As I was saying,” Rowena began, eyelids fluttering as she returned to her work, “It’s not so much
“It was a truly moving toast, Sam,” Michael said to the younger Winchester without breaking his eyes from Dean and Castiel. “And Jack,” he said, turning to wink. “Great party.” He turned again, holding out his vessel’s slim arms, palms to the sky. “A party I’d be happy to let you get back to as soon as you give me what I want.”
Sam sniffed again as he leaned back. “Is there booze in your coffee, dude?”
“So what about, like, domesticity?” Sam asked, and then intentionally pushed, watching Dean bristle from the corner of his eye. “Do angels settle down? Get married, have kids, the whole nine?”
“And sleep,” Dean mumbled against Castiel’s lips.
“But Cas—” said Dean, and he sighed, softening without meaning to. “He’s one of very few things that make both those lists. And I—it took me too damn long to figure that out, and I can’t ignore it. Not anymore. Not after everything.”
“I’ll try not to get caught,” she winked, and picked up the hem of her dress to turn and sweep out the door, heels clicking all the way up the stairs.
A wide smile cracked Sam’s lips while Dean doubled over, trying not to vomit. “Yeah,” he said. “It worked.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A warm, familiar ache began to curl low in Dean’s belly, and he obliged Castiel gladly. He kept his balance with his right hand on the bed while his left found its way to Castiel’s side, and he used the leverage to pull him closer. Dean opened his lips wider, dug his teeth harder into the skin of Castiel’s neck, and Castiel bit down on his own bottom lip, a low noise sounding from deep in his chest. One of his hands crept up to grip the back of Dean’s neck, and Dean began slowly working kisses back up towards Castiel’s chin. When he reached the space where Castiel’s neck met his jawline—the soft place just below his ear—Dean slid his own hand up to cup Castiel’s cheek and tilt his chin up further. He pressed his lips there and was about to withdraw to kiss the angel properly, but suddenly diverted. Instead, Dean angled his kiss upwards, giving Castiel’s earlobe a soft graze with his teeth.
Still looking at Jack, Sam yelled, pointlessly, “Dean?” and started to bolt for the kitchen door with Jack on his heels. He rounded the corner and yelled “Dean!” again, this time adding, “Cas!” as he flew down the hall, towards the pair’s room. Just as he was about to reach the bedroom door the lights flickered off, then on again, suddenly back to normal.
you boys are going to look the other way, hmm?”
“Yeah. Man, this is so messed up.”
Sam turned around in the doorway. “What’s up?”
“Hurting you,” she answered. Shock colored Dean’s features, but Sam’s face softened, and he blinked at Rowena. She returned a slight smile, then without warning, dragged the blade across Sam’s palm in one quick jerk.
in love!” Jack exclaimed, beaming a huge smile just behind Sam, his hands pressed to his cheeks. Everyone went silent and looked over, and he threw up his hands. “I mean—aren’t you?” he faltered, though his grin didn’t.
Dean smirked. “Oh yeah? Anything good?”
“Alright,” said Sam, starting for the door. “Come on if you’re coming.”
“We don’t want him to see us summon Michael,” said Sam, resigned.
and let the angels take me home."
Especially not hunters. This life we live? Everybody’s grabbing happiness wherever and however they can find it.” He paused for a moment and chuckled. “Garth married and became a freakin’ werewolf. You’re allowed to be in love with a guy. Or an angel in a guy’s body.”
“What it means is he’s got the liver of an adult,” interrupted Dean. He splashed a little whiskey in the glass belligerently. “Have at it, kid,” he said, and passed the drink to Jack.
“You’re impossible,” said Cas. He sighed and released Dean’s wrists and sat back on his haunches, straddling Dean’s hips comfortably.
“Tomatoes are fruits, Dean,” said Sam. He moved aside and Castiel took his place.
Dean’s thoughts stilled as he turned the corner to another aisle and was greeted by rows upon rows of vinyls and, opposite those, old turntables. He blinked at them, then down at his watch, then loped down the aisle to poke his head out the other side.
“We’ve got a couple more,” said Sam, and behind him Rowena shouted again.
“I did,” agreed Cas. “But I know you, Dean. I don’t need to read your mind to know what you’re thinking.”
Somehow, the sides of Belial’s mouth twisted grotesquely into what one might otherwise consider a smile. “Amara,” he said. “That’s a name not been uttered in my presence in millennia. Tell me, how do you know of Amara?”
“It really doesn’t, Dean,” said Sam. “Not even a little.” He reached out to grip Dean by the shoulder. “You’re my brother. I don’t care who or what you love. I just want you to be happy—and I’m happy for you both. You’ve wanted this a long time.”
Dean’s heart stuttered in his chest but he backed up and did as he was told, moving the blanket to brace his hands on the cold floor for a better grip. Almost instantly, Castiel was there, a hand on Dean’s hip, the other lining up Castiel’s spit-soaked erection with his entrance.
“I’m twenty,” Claire said, and rolled her eyes. “You’re an idiot. Our whole lives run on fake IDs.”
Dean was silent for a moment, and then he said, almost a whisper, “I wasted so much time.”
Angels could heal wounds and ills, even rouse the dead with enough power, but there were rules: they could hop through time, but they couldn’t stop it moving. Castiel wished he could kiss those lines away, and he tried—pressed his lips to their lengths in a soft flurry, directed all his energy to removing them—but they remained, and he realized his own vessel was aging as well. He lay back and stayed close to Dean but lifted his hands to look at his palms—so much more calloused and harder than they’d been when they belonged to Jimmy Novak. Castiel had known for a long time that this was
At the sight of the angel and the nails in his wrist, Dean let himself give in, and with a few more thrusts to grind Castiel through his orgasm, he was finishing too, gasping into the soft skin where Castiel’s shoulder met his neck. He collapsed heavily on top of Castiel, heedless of the mess, and lifted his head. Castiel was breathing hard through his parted lips, blue eyes staring wide at Dean.
“Then it would’ve hurt worse,” Rowena trilled, suddenly once again business as usual.
“Spaghetti arms?” Sam answered, the eye-roll audible in his voice. In response, he bowed his elbows out further, comically.
Dean looked from the faceless figure to Cas’s eyes, still watering. Cas shook his head, and Dean’s own eyes filled with tears. “I’m sorry,” he said, cracking. Cas tried to shake his head harder, but the shadow’s hand held him firm. “I’m sorry. I won’t—I told you, I can’t lose you again. I’m sorry. I love you.” Cas made a strangled noise in his throat, but before he could protest too long, Dean set his resolve. He looked at the shadow of Michael. “Yes,” he said simply.
“Well, they’re rapid release,” said Sam, toying with the bottle again. “About a half hour for me. Not sure about you.”
The first thing Dean became aware of was the ringing in his ears and a throbbing headache. Sam’s voice was next, yelling his name. Then hands on his shoulders, shaking him gently—another voice. Jack. Sam and Jack were here. But not Castiel. Dean blinked his eyes open and found the blurred figure of his brother hovering over him, backlit by what overhead lights remained intact in the garage.
“I want
“Navassa Island,” said Castiel, and he tugged on Dean’s hand a little to lead him forward through the sand, closer to the waves. “Jamaica is to the west, Haiti is to the east, and Cuba is north. South of us is the Caribbean Sea for about five-hundred miles. If we went in a straight line from here, we’d be in Columbia,” Castiel said, rambling for a bit, clearly enjoying himself. “It’s uninhabited. There’s a lighthouse that three people used to live here to keep going, but it’s automatic now. I—turned it off for a while for us.”
“He was running recon,” Castiel chimed in lowly. “He’s probably been hovering around the woods the whole time, making sure we didn’t pose a threat.”
“Almost three days.”
“No,” admitted Dean. He chewed his lip and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Hey, Rowena—”
“It’s not so much—goodness, Dean, could you stand any closer?” she answered, shooing Dean away with a wiggle of her fingers before tucking a twist of red hair dramatically behind her ear. “I need my space.”
“Cas, careful,” said Sam behind him. He held a gun, and Jack an angel blade, though they all knew neither would do any good.
“I don’t mean a full eight hours,” said Dean, shaking his head. “But something’s gotta give. Maybe we crash for a good four, or something.”
The alarm clock’s bright red numbers pierced the darkness of Dean’s bedroom, mocking him with a silent 4:17 AM. He lay atop the covers, as he had for the past three hours, fully clothed and anxious, unable to sleep. He’d finally left the library around midnight, marginally satisfied that purple Seal of Solomon crystals had begun to crust over the meteorite stones. Rowena had assured him, once again, that there was nothing more they could do for the moment, then retired to one of the bunker’s empty rooms.
Castiel took a deep breath. He felt dizzy with the drop spreading out behind him, felt his heart hammering in his chest. “Yes, they are flawed,” Castiel muttered through clenched teeth. “But they’re better than you think. If you just ga—”
“With Rowena,” said Sam. “I sent him away when Cas—” he stopped short and cleared his throat. “Now we go to work. Come on. We’ll get him back.” Dean nodded again and stepped back, scrubbing the back of his hand over his cheeks. Sam clapped him on the shoulder and sniffed himself, finally letting out a breath he felt like he’d been holding since he burst in. He turned out into the hall, and Dean followed.
“It’s going to be alright. We’re going to keep looking.”
And having Cas here, forced into this role of domesticity, with a kid—even if it wasn’t real, it reminded Dean of Lisa and Ben, and how he wanted that now with Cas. Not that kind of life—hunters (and in truth, Cas was a hunter now) never got to settle and get a grill and a dog. But he could see himself settling with Cas, sharing a room in the bunker, fighting beside each other and going out in flames one day, the way they both knew they always would.
“Shut up, Dean,” Sam warned.
And we’ve been gone a good minute.”
“One of the reasons,” agreed Cas, smiling.
I withdraw one hand and place it on his shoulder, the place that used to bear my hand print, and that I secretly wish still did. "I touched your soul, and all of it paled in comparison. I rebuilt you--studied every atom and molecule and freckle from my Father's original design--mixed the colors in your eyes so carefully. I had to get everything just right. The moment I laid a hand on you in Hell, I was lost. And I need you to understand that I don't want to be found."
Castiel’s whole body lit up from the inside as he watched Dean tug his t-shirt over his head, and his heart seized when Dean reached to pull off dream Cas’s shirt as well, then leaned down for another greedy kiss. Dream Cas crooked up one leg to hug his knee into Dean’s side, and moaned as Dean licked into his mouth, the whole display somehow gentle and fiery all at once.
“No—you said he’s where?” said Dean, eyes wide. His heart was thudding madly in his chest, and his ears were starting to ring.
“It’s a lot,” said Sam, understanding. He was quiet for a few moments, watching Castiel, and then he drained his beer and stood up. “Look—if you’re okay for now, I need a few hours of shut-eye. I’m not retaining any of this research, and if you’re good—”
Castiel wet his fingers and was leaning in close to the mirror to smooth the last few spikes when he stopped and stared at himself, stomach seizing. He widened his eyes and leaned in even closer, nose almost brushing the mirror. Reflected at Castiel were his eyes, blue as ever, but behind them a crackling, writhing light. Michael’s grace, however dormant it had been in the hours since its explosion in the car, was waking up.
“That’s not exactly what I mean, Dean.”
Castiel stared, wide-eyed, at Sam, a mixture of heartache and incredible fondness swirling awkwardly in his chest. At some point he realized he’d been holding his breath, and he sighed it out and nodded at Sam, though his gaze dropped to stare at the table.
came up. “That’s inappropriate,” he muttered quietly to himself, and fast-forwarded the tape.
“And Dean?”
“I—love you too,” said Castiel, staring at Dean despite the sloppy kisses. Finally, he smiled against Dean’s lips and kissed him back, slowly, deeply.
Static electricity buzzed around them as Castiel collapsed onto Dean, kissed him hard, and then rolled onto his back, both of them breathing heavily. “That was…”
“We could’ve used you the last six months,” Castiel grumbled, stashing his blade in his coat. He reached out to push Jack’s hand gently down as well.
“I’ll show you,” said Sam, watching Dean carefully. “Give me a minute, Rowena? There’s coffee in the kitchen. And some breakfast. Help yourself.”
“I tried. You were hurting yourself,” Sam said, and sighed. “Or trying to whenever you weren’t under.”
“No,” agreed Dean. “He’s better.”
would happen?”
“Thank you,” Dean said, gruff normalcy returned. “So what, we draw a line in the sand? Split up? That’s never a good idea and you know it.”
“Stay here!” Dean yelled from the atrium. His voice echoed harshly in the empty morning quiet. His footfalls on the metal stairs sounded heavy and quick, as if he was taking them two at a time.
“Exactly,” said Sam, taking a drink of his own. He watched his brother—the way his shoulders began to fall in a kind of strange self-defeat.
“Alright,” said Jack. “Be careful, Cas.”
“I also sent out a message to divert all ships in the area,” Castiel admitted, grinning a bit sheepishly. He tapped his temple. “Angel radio. It’s good for a few things.”
Carefully, Sam slid the thick needle of a large, ancient-looking syringe into a vein of Castiel’s arm, and with a nod from Dean, he gripped the plunger and slowly began to pull.
Dean rolled his eyes and began stripping out of his damp top layer, cheeks flushing. “Dunno what you mean, Sammy.”
Castiel smiled until the door shut, and then he let it and his shoulders droop. He sighed and ran a hand over his face, covering his eyes. He stood this way for about twenty seconds, then composed himself and moved across the room. Castiel dug through a hamper in the corner for a dirty towel and used it to mop up the vomit. When Dean returned, it was gone, and Castiel was crouched on the other side of the room collecting pieces of record player, placing the smaller parts back into the broken-in hull of the whole.
“Won’t that piss him off to wait?” asked Castiel.
came Jack’s reply. “Great,” muttered Sam. He grabbed a vial of blue grace, sighed, and trudged to the backyard hoping he wouldn’t find what he was expecting. He swung open the door and groaned when he found exactly that:
Castiel stepped out of the tub, seemingly unbothered by the cold, and dripped his way over to a cabinet to pull out a couple towels while Dean stared down at his hands. He tried to wiggle his fingers, but they wouldn’t move, and he realized all the skin he could see of his arms was a pale, blueish white. Castiel scruffed one towel over his hair as he returned to Dean, then threw that one over his shoulder as he knelt before Dean’s chair, wrapping the other around him like a blanket.
“But all of those are different,” protested Sam. “None of them were hunters. Somebody in the life—”
“Whatcha thinking, Cas?”
“You’re exhausted, man,” said Dean. “We all are. I mean, look at Jack. Kid’s so beat he can barely stand up.” When Jack didn’t respond, Dean knit his eyebrows. “…he might be asleep now.”
Castiel leaned forward and scooted onto his knees to sit on his haunches, face inches from Dean’s. “I feel—” he started, voice nearly a whisper. He reached tentatively for Dean’s face, resting his hand on his cheek. Castiel dragged his fingertips slowly down Dean’s jaw, feeling his rough stubble. “It all feels different,” he finished quietly. “You feel different.” His other hand lifted to Dean’s other cheek and he held the hunter’s face in his hands, traced the line of his nose, his eyebrows, ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Dean let him—the whole display an innocent exploration.
“If we gank the witch, the spell breaks, at least slows them down so we can catch up,” Dean huffed.
Dean pushed up onto his elbows and looked over his shoulder to find the Impala parked at the top of the hill, gleaming in the sunlight. He looked back and patted the pockets of his jeans, and his brows furrowed.
“You didn’t see what I saw,” said Castiel softly. “How it felt…”
Album: Solo (1967)
“Oh yeah, I’m not suggesting we help,” he answered.
“We don’t have much time,” said Sam. “Michael could be back—”
“Dean!”
Dean snorted a little, trying not to seem as overcome as he was. “Isn’t that dangerous?”
Castiel stopped, blinking down at Dean, who’d completely lost himself to a fit of rarely heard, authentic laughter. His head was thrown back against the pillow in an open-mouthed smile, his body shaking beneath Castiel’s with his amusement. A few tears found their way out of Dean’s eyes, and he’d barely calmed himself down when he jerked Castiel back down, kissing him hard and happy through an un-killable grin.
Dean stepped into the sobering, icy water.
“It’s not ideal,” said Castiel. “But from what I know of Belial, he’ll think you backed out on the deal if Michael isn’t here.”
Sam cleared his throat awkwardly. “I was just going to pick up some food for Jack,” he said. “Want anything?”
Dean dropped his hand to his lap and looked back up to watch Jack and Castiel, and after a moment, let out a long sigh. He settled into his chair and pinched the bridge of his nose, snagging his beer with his free hand. “How long you think it’s gonna be before that stops happening every time I’m happy?”
“Cas,” Dean answered back, his voice more ragged than he intended. Still, his eyes stayed closed, though he sat back on his haunches, pulling his hands into his lap. He turned his face upward in Castiel’s hands. “Sam?”
“It’s been five days! I’ve had longer Netflix binges, man.”
“Don’t make me go through this again,” said Dean, sighing. “We’ve had this conversation.”
“Figured we could hang out here for a while, maybe catch the sunset if the rain holds off since we had a kinda big lunch. Don’t need dinner too early,” Dean answered, disappearing around the shrubbery. When Castiel followed him into the secluded little clearing by the water’s edge, Dean shrugged off the duffel. “I thought we could just—I dunno, talk, and stuff. If you want.”
Rowena wiggled her fingers and stepped outside, and moments later the car was pulling away.
Dean nodded. “Thanks, Cas.”
” Dean groaned at Sam.
A small, but bright smile upturned Castiel’s lips and he repeated, “Every day,” sliding the ring onto Dean’s finger. He stared at it in silence for a moment, then mumbled, “Does it fit?”
Jack returned the hug briefly and stepped back, beaming. “You really like it?”
“Dean—”
Sam met Dean’s eyes across the table, and they each nodded once.
Dean swallowed hard, his face hot beneath Castiel’s hands. “Song of Solomon?” He wondered, his voice barely rising to his lips.
“Yeah, so?” said Dean after a beat, petulant.
“Because it matters.”
“I mean—yeah?” said Dean. He looked to Sam for help.
Cas wrenched his head free. “Dean, don’t—” he started, but the shadow Michael’s hand clamped down more tightly.
When they made it upstairs, Dean disappeared for a long, hot shower, and while he did, Castiel rifled through one of Dean’s drawers to find some dry clothes, borrowing some jeans and boxers and a light gray Henley. The shower was still going when he was dressed, so Castiel wandered out into the hall and to the kitchen, where he found Sam hunched over a book and a mug of coffee, looking haggard.
Dean stared at Castiel in silence, his jaw slack. After many long seconds, he pushed himself stiffly to stand and took a step towards Castiel, a hand reaching out instinctively, and he drew in a breath as if to speak. “Castiel—”
“No. Damnit, no,” he whispered to himself through clenched teeth, one of his fists connecting with the wood of the desk. “Goddamnit.”
“You don’t know what a ring means?”
“What?” protested Dean, face red. “I don’t like the way it sounds!”
Castiel sat back and looked up at Dean, then back down to Dean’s feet. He lifted his right hand to touch Dean’s ankle, then slowly run it up the length of his leg, fingers skimming over the curve of his calf and stopping at the bend of his knee. Leaning forward, Castiel began pressing soft, savoring kisses up the front of Dean’s thigh, his hand moving again to gently squeeze its way up the back. When he reached Dean’s hip he pressed his forehead to the bone for a long moment, waiting for something—Dean didn’t know what. Finally, he stood as well, dragging his fingers over Dean’s rear, across the curve of his back and up his spine. Castiel’s left hand met Dean’s other hip and he ran it up Dean’s side, then across his chest, finally coming to a halt to spread over his heart, the right hand resting at the nape of Dean’s neck. For his part, Dean was breathing hard and heavy, his pulse racing.
Finally, after an hour, Dean turned off the paved road and onto a dirt one, tires spitting up a cloud of dust in their wake. Castiel fell back into silence and alternated from watching the landscape slope slowly downwards and curiously watching Dean, and Dean mostly watched the road, navigating around bumps and potholes, but stealing glances over at Castiel when he thought the blue-eyed man wasn’t looking. He smiled to himself, satisfied, when Castiel’s eyes grew large and excited as, around a bend, the earth opened up into a large, glittering lake.
That snapped Dean back into the present, and he shook his head to throw a small smile over his shoulder at Castiel, pressing play. “Is what it is,” he said as he fidgeted with the volume. A few seconds later, a voice sung out from the speakers,
Dean sighed and closed his eyes, dipping his head down to bruise his lips against dream Cas’s, and dream Cas moaned low and soft in his throat, rolling his jaw to part Dean’s lips.
“Not everything,” said Castiel.
Dean grinned and adjusted his hand to hold their erections together, stroking slowly, as he went back in for another greedy kiss. A few minutes went by, and when Castiel started to shake, Dean released them, nodding, and Castiel carefully worked another finger inside. Dean tensed and moaned as Castiel worked him open, and he rocked slowly back onto Castiel’s hand. A few more minutes, and he opened his eyes to pull his lips back from Castiel’s and look him in the eye. “You okay?”
“Well,” said Sam after a beat. “What do you want to eat, Jack?”
“Good,” Castiel sighed. “Sometimes I—when you remember what I am, sometimes I do too. And I remember that there was a reason angels always used to introduce ourselves to humanity by saying,
Castiel disappeared again in a quiet woosh, and this time, the cold waft of air made Dean shiver. He blinked at the sudden emptiness and shook his head to clear it, then glanced over his shoulder. A small window at the top of the garage was still black against the stone—still hours to go until sunrise, or at least he figured. Time felt different lately; it had always felt borrowed, the hunting life being what it was, but now it felt more tenuous. Precious, because now he had more to lose, but it wasn’t just that. Time itself felt as if it was moving in a new way, and in some sense, it literally was. The last week or so for Dean had been months for Castiel, and he found himself not only angry about that lost time, but jealous, and yet strangely thankful that he was on the “weeks” side of missing Castiel.
“Can we
When Cas thinks he’s going to die, and finally says, “I love you.”
“Was trying to—” Dean started, breathing heavily, and then sighed out a little laugh, sitting up. Castiel stood and looked over his shoulder, peering into the darkness beyond the kitchen. “Rowena,” said Dean. “And Jack. They were helping us find you—lore and stuff. But uhh—I don’t know if I want either of them seeing me full-frontal.”
“How could you be sure?”
“Stop trying to distract me,” said Castiel, pulling away. His brows knit in anger. “Tell me why.”
“May I have a beer?” he asked, to Claire’s surprise.
Dean haunted the quiet, dim halls of the bunker like a specter. He passed by the room that had become Jack’s to find the door open, the teen stretched out on his bed surrounded by books of angelic lore, sleeping against the headboard, with all the lights still on. Despite his anxiety, Dean couldn’t fight back a soft chuckle, and he quietly entered the room to carefully mark the pages and move the books to Jack’s desk. He even went so far as to gingerly tug off Jack’s shoes, placing them by the foot of the bed, then hit the lights as he left and gently shut the door.
But Dean could never bring himself to act on it—not really. He’d wanted to; he knew that’s why Sam was picking at him with the fake marriage and the PTA meetings. Sam saw how Dean looked at Cas, and how Cas looked back; how they touched each other, moved around each other, their gazes always locking for a bit too long, their fingers lingering in ways that weren’t platonic.
“We’re on another world,” said Michael flatly, coming to a halt. He turned to face Castiel. “A prototype of Earth. One that God left free of his human experiment.” A smile twisted Michael’s lips, and for once, Castiel thought it didn’t look malicious. The archangel breathed deep, and spoke on the exhale, “Beautiful, isn’t it?”
Once he was out of sight, Sam stood from the map table and approached Dean, brows lifting conspiratorially, “So when’s the wedding?”
“Umm…” said Jack as he rifled through the box. “This?”
“Okay!”
your whatever-you-are ass.”
Castiel stared, dumbfounded and silent, at the place where Michael had been moments before, his hand still outstretched.
“So can you!” Castiel stared daggers at Dean.
The whole time Sam and Dean are missing, and when they find him, when Dean chooses to sit beside him in the backseat.
“Damnit, Dean,” Castiel cracked. This time, he felt the grace burning at the back of his eyes, and he focused hard on keeping it under control. “I saw you. I saw you with that other me. That wasn’t some—that wasn’t forced. Michael was dosing you with Djinn venom. That isn’t what you wanted—what you want?”
“Or,” said Sam, interjecting, “We take you to Michael and leave you both free, but sealed off in another universe, and we destroy your way out.”
