Sherlock went down like a sack of potatoes, blood spurting from his nose as it spattered the snow. “Dear God, let him be okay,” John thought as he ran to Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed an attractive hue of pink at the word ‘husband’. The flush turned a deeper red and traveled to his neck as John’s unwavering gaze explored his husband’s entire body from head to toe.
“Sherlock, SHERLOCK,” it’s John’s voice.
I watch you converse, then I breathe a sigh of relief. I know from your body language that Anderson made it through surgery. Still, I want to hear the words from your lips. You come to me.
I am surprised. For it has been a long sexually deprived drought. My body snaps to attention so quickly that my muscles seized as I arched my lower back towards him. Then John did the unthinkable and pushed me away. Moisture from his forehead drips down, rolling away from my eye like a tear. “Sherlock, how could you have done this to me….just…just how could you?” John stuttered. Then he stood up and looked down at me, fixating on the tightness of my boxers. By this time his eyes are filled with tears. “Sherlock, you have lost your own game.”
John smiled and said, “Well, I guess you’re right there is no sense in a lovely ring going to waste and as long as they were cleaned properly then no harm done. Sherlock, the rings have been cleaned haven’t they?”
“Sherlock, come back here.”
“Me.”
John sucked in a mouthful of air and when he spoke his voice squeaked. “Sherlock….Sherlock, what are we going to…ddoo?” The last word came out in a grunt as John pushed back on Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock ran over to where John was beating the guard senseless. “John, stop you are going to kill him.” Sherlock shouted. John didn’t even turn to look at Sherlock as he continued with his grim task.
You lead me to bed. I allow you to undress me. Your fingers undo each button on my shirt, then my trousers, then your hands linger at the waistband of my pants. I take a deep breath, but we both know you won’t go further. I lay in your arms, shivering until you pull the blankets over us. I am safe in my John cocoon. I smile when I feel your erection pushing against my thigh.
I look up at him, then away. “Just get me what I need.”
“No, I mean yes. I don’t know,” he whined in a childlike voice.
Sherlock paused and said, “Shut up, John, breathing is boring,” as he continued where he had left off.
I peer at him through narrowed eye lids. “So, no wife? How are the state of Donavan’s knees?”
John’s eye’s looked black in the dancing firelight as he held out his hand towards Sherlock, “There’s only one way to find out. Sherlock, the world’s greatest consulting detective, come here and suck my thumb.” John said.
Sherlock smiled mockingly at John, “The woman is my grandmother.”
A few days later, Sherlock went over his notes about the drug, he still didn’t know exactly what made it work, he had used John as a cuddly lab rat, a means to an end like he had and would continue to use John and others in the future, for he was a scientist-a detective. But he was also something else, he was John’s friend and lover, and for the first time since he was a child, Sherlock was afraid, for he didn’t know how to be a friend or a lover, he just knew how to think. He just knew how to deduce. He just knew how to solve puzzles. Love and friendship and how they made one think and act were aspects of life’s riddles that Sherlock had no clue how to solve.
Sherlock and John avoided each other aboard ship to prevent gossip; however it soon became apparent that their efforts were futile. For that evening all heads turned as John walked to a single table in the ship’s dining room in his dinner tuxedo, like an audience during a tennis match all the diners then swiveled their heads around to watch Sherlock’s reaction to his entrance. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat as the head waiter showed John to a booth that was back to back against Sherlock’s. Sherlock scooted back against the booth as John sat down, “You look magnificent tonight.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, imagining the last movement of Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto. The rousing tempo kept him alert and calm. “John, I need you to take my hand.” John looked up at him and complied. “Now keep your eyes fixed on me.”
“Are you saying I’m a lousy dancer?”
“John it’s a game. Life can be so dull and mundane, so our little group plays games to relieve the boredom and for money too.” Laura said softly, “If that interests you that is?”
I turn to look into her large brow doe eyes. “It has to be done. Are you going to help me or not?”
After John had finished filling John in on the details Sherlock frowned, “So, what do you get out of the deal?”
“Well, it seems as if the stars have predetermined it.”
“Wait tell them to hold off,” Sherlock ordered as he held up his hands.
John once more stared at the blackness of the painting and moved on to the next work, the first paintings were all abstracts, radiating the same type of despair and brooding as the other works. Gradually, the paintings became lighter, and abstract turned into form and form turned into the individual shapes of people, places and things. It was the last painting that commanded John’s attention, the colors were all pastel, but the viewer need not be deceived by the light spring tones, for the painting was brimming over with passion. The focal point was a naked man on a stone alter, he was on his back, his legs, spread, his eyes closed, mouth open, a light covering over his lower regions and over him stood another man, his back to the viewer, his bare buttocks, tense, as his muscular hand hesitantly reached for the other man’s covering and even though the viewer could not see the man’s face as he reached out to the man lying on the alter, Sherlock’s painting managed to convey the man’s lust, fear, his longing for the human object of arousal that lay helpless in front of him.
Sherlock wheeled John into the bathroom with ease and then the dun dun DUUUN moment came, the moment when John needed to be transferred from the chair to the toilet. “Sherlock, it’s alright John said as he gave instructions, “Just wheel my chair parallel to the toilet, lift me under my arms and lower me down to the seat, then I will unbutton my pants. After that I’ll need you to pull my pants and my…underwear down and then I’ll call for you when I’m ready to be put back in the chair.”
Anderson leans forward and plays with a lock of my hair. “Fools rush in, Sherlock, don’t they? I may be a fool but I am not a scared angel. I tread where I want and hope for the best.”
I nod and point to where a cracked teapot sits. Anderson glances at the teapot and then looks back at me. “Is this what I think it is?” He asks.
I look over at you in desperation as you continue on. “Because you’re an…”
Later after things had climaxed out to their logical conclusion, Sherlock watched John as he slept. It was always a fascinating process that Sherlock never tired of.  Sherlock then reached over and fingered the curl of hair behind John’s ear until he felt the egg size lump that John had obtained when his attacker had pummeled his head on the ship’s deck.  Frowning Sherlock withdrew his hand and let the facts immerse his brain. Why did Elsa contact John and why didn’t she meet him at the rendezvous point?  Was she the one who hit him over the head and if not where was she now? And what about Laura, where did she fit into all this?
Sherlock didn’t answer as they both went the opposite way. As John made his way to his room, Sherlock had quickly snuck up behind him. John held his finger to his lips and motioned for Sherlock to come into his cabin. Sherlock came in and smiled at the first class accommodations, as he made himself at home in a plush chair. “Look here John, there’s no reason why we can’t enjoy the cruise together.” Sherlock said as he pulled out a cigarette.
“The Millennial Bridge. It’s the Millennial Bridge. Get me a laptop with scientific management software on it.”
“When the state turns her over to him, I suppose he’ll…leave…Baker Street.” He then pulled his coat around him as tight as it would go.
“I was bored,” I whispered as John’s angry countenance stared back at me.
John pulled at Sherlock’s arm like a child. “Quit daydreaming, Sherlock. It’s time to go.”
Sherlock’s body was slick with sweat and he knew that he would be sore in places that he never knew existed before tonight. “John, God where ever did you learn all that?” Sherlock panted as he lay back on the pillows.
Sherlock’s throat hurt so badly that all he could do was mutely nod. After a few moments Sherlock composed himself and cleared his throat. “It appears to be a rival gang assassination.”
He looks at me his eyes clearing of lust. “I will miss you, Sherlock.”
Mrs. Hudson came breezing into the room and squealed when she set eyes upon Sherlock and John. “Oh, my boys are home would you like some tea and biscuits?”
“Yes, where are you?”
John knowing what Sherlock meant decided to tease him a little. After all who wouldn’t get off on the fact that he, John Watson, could turn Sherlock’s knees into jelly? “Umm, Sherlock whatever do you mean?” John asked in wide eyed innocence.
I round on him. “Don’t cock this up, Mycroft, get me what I need, or you can kiss your ass and everyone else’s good-bye.”
I get dressed, tell Mrs. Hudson I’m going out. I shoot up again and take a couple of balloons with me for the road. I then take the motorcycle that I promised you I’d get rid of and ride through the streets of London high. I blast music inside my helmet. I laugh as I almost collide with several vehicles.
You are not deterred. “Where? Have you been using?”
Sherlock and John rode in a horse drawn carriage through the little town on the French Riviera and as they reached the top of the hill, Sherlock had the carriage stop. “Look how beautiful it is down there,” Sherlock said as he smiled at John.
When Sherlock came to John had jerked off the blindfold as was frantically undoing the handcuffs. “Sherlock, oh my poor Sherlock, are you okay? Please talk to me.” John’s voice trembled the same way it had when Sherlock had jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s.
“I see steps, pictures, I see a child, a girl, I…I…”
“I’m fine,” I mutter and then stumble into a cab and back to Baker Street. I need a fix.
“I’m fine, John,” I lie as my fingers trace the scar. The round scar that almost took you from me before I laid eyes on you at St. Bart’s. “It is the gunshot wound from a war that will never be won.” I mutter to myself.
“What’s he doing?” Laura asked.
“Is he stressed? I told you I didn’t want him overtaxed. I must go to him.”
Gently, you and Mary roll me up in the sheet. You both make me feel safe as your bodies shake and bond together. Though the force of your love making batters against me I am safe in the material cocoon you have both wrapped me in. When the writhing and movement stops you both cuddle against me. I fall asleep with both of your moist arms and legs wrapped around me. And for once in my life I don’t dream of evil. I don’t dream at all. I just sleep. The darkness of my nocturnal wanderings is vanquished by the two loves of my life you and Mary.
“No, nothing, no pain, no indecision, no fragility, no fear, it’ll be just you and me against the world, just like always.”
“It’s like he’s plotting something,” Mrs. Hudson whispered back.
He repeated his favorite mantra, until the only thing he was aware of was Angela’s soft voice, floating through his consciousness.
Laura raised an eyebrow as she said, “They must be mating.”
Sherlock stopped and took a deep breath, “I will spend Christmas Eve with you, but John I am well I mean it’s just that I don’t...I mean I want to spend the night, but first things first, let’s get married.”
Sherlock instantly pulled away, “John, are you okay? Do you need a pain pill? Were our activities too much for you last night, this morning….”
When Sherlock woke up the next day it must have been about noon, judging from the light the shone in through the windows. Sherlock held his head in his hands, “Jesus, what happened?” Sherlock thought and then he remembered John jabbing him in the neck with something. Just as Sherlock was about to jump up and leave the room, the Shaman came in with a servant, “Sherlock, you must rest. The headache will pass in a few hours, but until then rest.” The Shaman said as he motioned for the servant to put a cool cloth on Sherlock’s forehead.
“So, John didn’t get off with her?”
The friction between us is unbearable and I am surprised he can answer. “I did it…so you…wouldn’t be…oh god, bored!” We then both shoot our loads within a few seconds of each other.
“John, wake up we’ve landed,” Sherlock whispered as he looked around to make sure the others weren’t looking. Then he smiled at John, bent down low and licked the dollop of drool alongside of his husband’s cheek.
The show was some type of interview show and John leaned forward in excitement when he noticed that Sherlock was one of the guests.
I close my eyes referencing my mind palace for Mrs. Hudson’s land line number. My hands shake when I dial the number. It rings, and rings and rings, causing my heart rate to spike. Between the fear, caffeine and the nicotine, I am sure to have a heart attack. Nothing, then I hear Mrs. Hudson’s voice.
Sherlock had eyes for no one else as he looked into the face of the marvelous human being which sat before him. “John, I love the taste of you. I am fraught with anticipation at the thought of having you to myself back at Baker Street.”
“Sherlock, come on stay with me,” John said softly as he moved his hands over Sherlock’s bare back, adjusting Sherlock’s hips for a perfect fit. All fear then left Sherlock’s face as he became immersed in the rocking motions that made him and John one.
“Yes, I’m a bullfighter,” Sherlock whispered in between gasps as John ran his fingers over Sherlock’s exposed neck.
“Yesterday,” John whispered.
I can tell you’ve noticed their hardness. For you take a deep breath and throw another towel at me. “Cover up,” you snap, your voice hard and tremulous at the same time.
The client was a beautiful tall Asian woman that John instantly admired, as if she read his mind she smiled back at him and winked after she briefly introduced herself to Sherlock. She then walked across the room to where John sat.
John smiled slyly at Sherlock. “You don’t know how happy I am to hear you say that. Sherlock, do you recognize the coat I’m wearing?”
Mary and I smirk at each other. “John, it’s intermission. Why don’t you go get a drink or something? Sherlock and I will join you in a moment.”
Chislehurst Caves
“Wiggins, shut up. Wiggins, get me this. Wiggins get me that. Wiggins clean up John’s vomit…”
Sherlock turned around and reached towards a hookah pipe that sat bubbling away. He took one of the octopi- like tentacles of the pipe in his hand, took a drag, and blew smoke rings. “The house belongs to me, well us.”
I can no longer hold my activated libido in check. It is time for me to make a visit to a quiet flat. I have given them strict instructions. My partner-prostitute is to be 169cm tall, 62 kg, and he is to have blonde hair. He will be my virtual John Watson. I prepare for battle. John’s black coat- check. A bottle of John’s aftershave lotion-check. John’s striped shirt-check. A package of condoms-check. One sex toy-check.
“Sherlock don’t, not today, not now. I’m not up to being teased.”
John wheeled his chair over to where Sherlock stood. The squeaking of the wheels put Sherlock’s teeth on edge. “I’ve got to fix that squeak. It’s a distraction…”
She arched an eyebrow. “You mean illegal.”
Sherlock immediately responded to John’s touch by shivering and shifting his body so that John could reach the spot with less difficulty. John began to look for other maroon colors on Sherlock. One by one he found them and gently kissed them. As John moved his tongue in around Sherlock’s belly button. Sherlock gasped and grabbed onto the sheets tightly and then as John moved lower, Sherlock thought he was going to lose his mind.
“Because we’re both sick, John.”
“Sherlock, stop it. I know you care.”
John leaned back, cupped his mouth and whispered, “Do you think they all know?”
“It’s too dangerous to leave you here.” Then Sherlock began to pace as he thought aloud. “But I know you are in pain, so perhaps it would be best. The truth is the truth is…”
“Where is the white/pale horse of pestilence?” John asked aloud, as his breath came out in foggy tendrils.
“So, it would seem and what plan are you referring to?”
When John noticed, him standing in the doorway, a smile lightened his morose features. “Sherlock.”
John laughed and then grunted when Sherlock’s tongue found a sensitive spot. “We’re both going to scream.”
Sherlock let John pull his body closer to that he would be able to sit up and yet still have John’s body against his back for support. Sherlock was out of breath from the small effort. “So, where is here?” he gasped.
She fades into the background. The walls of my mind palace open, allowing me entrance into their hellish, yet perfect symmetry of knowledge. Everything I’ve ever seen or heard is in here somewhere. I pull up the picture of the puzzle, terrified and entranced by its infinite depths.
I open my eyes and there stands Anderson. He has on a black button down silk shirt, tight black jeans, black leather boots and a black matching jacket. I am ashamed to admit that he looks hot. “You look ridiculous. Are you going on a date?” I ask in the most patronizing voice I can manage.
I look at him with new respect. “Do you still have them?”
“Oy, what’s that?”
“I get off on your begging. I want you to suffer for my lack of courage. John…You run from the room. A short while later you come back with a nurse. She injects something into my line. Lights out.”
I fight back tears as I swallow two or three times. “I will hunt down Mary’s killer, John, until we are both dead if need be.”
You nod, pat her on the shoulder and then turn to me. “Come on, Sherlock. Let’s get you to bed.”
“Please, keep him away from me.” She cried as she pointed to John.
I am the first to recover. I look down at the wet spot in front of my trousers and button my coat shut. With a bored expression on my face I open the door and Lestrade charges in like a raging bull.
You roll my body over until I am almost in your arms. “Sherlock, I’m your friend let me help.”
“Well, I suggest we start by me not ingesting any recreational drugs. I can do that. The only problem I can see is how do we make you irresistible?” Sherlock said as he caressed the side of John’s cheek. “That’s just not possible,” Sherlock whispered.
I don’t meet my contact until the next day, so I spend the rest of the afternoon and evening getting drunk. A knock on the door rouses me. I look around me in confusion. The room reeks of cigarette smoke, alcohol, sweat and desperation. How long have I been lying here? I look at the date on my watch. It’s a day and a half later. I’ve missed my meeting. I laugh and then light up another cigarette. The knocking at the door continues. I ignore it. After a few moments it stops and I immerse myself in the covert operation of avoiding my tumultuous inner thoughts. When the door flies open my body jerks in surprise. The cigarette falls from my cold fingers; its ember burns a hole in the rug. “It’s a good thing that I used Mycroft’s credit card,” I think as I smirk at it.
You sigh. “Sherlock, I don’t have time for this. I’m sorry I just don’t feel like it, but we should talk. I’m worried about you.”
Mycroft’s expression assumed a faraway look, then looked straight ahead. “It was your fourth birthday. You had a friend over, his name was Victor. Sherrin was insanely jealous of him, complaining that you wouldn’t let her play with you two. We chalked it up as childhood rivalry. If only…Well, idle speculation won’t solve anything, will it? Sherrin wanted to play hide and go seek with you and Victor. The last time I saw the three of you, you were all racing up the stairs. The fire started sometime during the night.” Mycroft paused, inspecting his hands, then continued. “I awoke to the smell of smoke and father calling for us. The fire crew had arrived and I saw them carrying our unconscious mother out on a stretcher. Father collapsed at my feet. Before one of the firemen could grab me, I ran upstairs. Your room was engulfed in flames and I feared the worst. Then I looked in the hall. You and Sherrin lay on the floor. I reached you first. I could only carry one of you, so I grabbed you. By the time, I made it outside the entire house was in flames. It was later discovered that your room had been the source of the fire, started with matches, and Victor…Victor was trapped in the closet with a metal chair hooked underneath the door knob.”
“Good God, how did you do that? It was fantastic.” John exclaimed.
John waved Sherlock away. “I’m fine. Clare and I ran into a little trouble with a Chinese gang. We didn’t even catch sight of the Golem.” John sighed. “Well, maybe next time. Clare go ahead and hit the shower first.”
“So, I guess the…the excitement was mainly on my part then?” I ask in dread. Each syllable feels heavy, encumbered.
“Oh really, you chose a case without me?”
Anderson stands up from his kneeling position and stands directly in front of me. “Phillip, call me Phillip.”
You nod and without a word we walk out into the foggy night.
“Ah an existentialist.”
You sigh as you take ahold of my arm. “Sherlock, look at me.”
Sherlock sighed, then peered at him like a cat does its prey. “This thing is a piece of crap and could barely be called a phone by anyone under, oh let’s say 100. It’s a pensioner’s phone for Christ’s sake.”
John tossed and turned all through the night, as sleep evaded him. The next morning John called for room service, had a plate of Eggs Benedict, and a couple of hours later decided to go for a swim in the ship’s Olympic sized swimming pool. After a few laps, John began to forget all about Sherlock Holmes. He was just about ready to get out of the pool, when his head bumped into another swimmer. “Ouch,” John said as he irritably frowned at the clumsy swimmer. And then to his dismay and joy, there was Sherlock laughing next to him.
His eyes spark with hope, then it is doused. “Good one, Sherlock you really had me going there. After all, one offs don’t spend the night. Do they?”
“I can’t breathe,” John gasped as he pulled away.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand so tight that he almost cried out, “John, I…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off as he rolled over on his side to face John.
Anderson twists around on the bench so that he is facing me. His elbows rest on the piano lid, his legs spread slightly in order to maintain his balance. My mouth begins to water. I want to snake my hand up his pants until he thickens in my grasp. I kneel before him as if to confess my sins. “You would do anything for me wouldn’t you?” I ask, then I reach for him.
Anderson’s lips turn up into a tentative smile. “Sherlock, what are you doing here?”
I think of the empty nursery back at the flat. I think of Mary’s dead eyes as they stare back at me and I think of you, John. I miss you. Anderson is still there. I don’t want to be alone.
Sherlock barely noticed when the cab screeched to a halt. “Hey you two, what’s going on back there?” The cabbie shouted.
Sherlock heard him walk down the stairs, knowing each creak on each step, even before John’s foot touched it. Then bang the front door slammed. Sherlock moved in a 45 degree angle, so that he could watch John’s departure.  Just like clockwork John crossed the street at 45 degree opposite from Sherlock’s position at the window. “Two 45 degree angles= a 90 degree angle. The 10 percent must be the break-even point in the middle,” Sherlock thought as he watched John disappear from sight.
Sherlock was unable to talk for a few moments. “Yes, Doctor. John, you hold my heart, take care of it John Hamish Watson.” Sherlock panted.
“Here, this should meet your needs.”
John looked up at Sherlock with a wicked glint in his eye. “Just wait until tonight. When you walk into my gin joint you are going to be screaming for me to play it again.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” you say and then leave the sleeping area.
Sherlock made a hissing noise as he inhaled a breath of air through his teeth. When he felt what John wanted him to do Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat that sounded like a combination of a purr and a growl. “Good boy, you learn so fast,” John whispered in Sherlock’s ear. Then all verbal conversation stopped seguing into a bodily primal dance of give and take.
“Well, brother mine this time it was. You were born one day, then she was born a few hours later the next day. She was four years old when she perished.”
Sherlock tried to stand and his own voice sounded like a freight train, “How long ago? I must join them.”
Sherlock sighed. :”John, let’s not engage in idle speculation. We can all be ready in a few moments.” Sherlock said as he answered for all of them.
He gives me a sad lopsided smile. “Does it matter…Sherlock?”
“Sherlock, you’ll be embarrassed later, stop, it’s okay and I love you too.”
The statue of the murdered soldier knocks at the door for Don Giovanni. A D minor chord fills the theatre. It is a reckoning, an I.O.U. A summons for Don Giovanni’s descent into hell. Mary watches me as a trickle of sweat rolls down my forehead onto my cheek. I feel the madness of Don Giovanni sink into my chest as his faithful servant and friend begs Don Giovanni to repent. And with one phrase Don Giovanni dooms himself, “No siento…” the statue informs Don Giovanni that his time has run out. Terror overcomes Don Giovanni as his servant and he are carried off to hell. After his demise everyone makes plans. Don Giovanni is dead or is he? This thought rattles around in my brain like an unresolved phrase. I jump when Mary addresses me.
I sit next to him, feeling his forehead. He is warm. “It feels like you’re running a fever.”
Sherlock sighed, then rolled his eyes. “Fine, the clear set is the anti-depressant I’m going to make for John and the black set is the one for the poison that I will make to kill us both if he doesn’t get better.”
John laughed,”Oh, no you don’t, you almost froze to death on me,” John said firmly as he purposely averted his gaze away from Sherlock’s prying eyes.
There is a suction noise as my body breaks free of the mud. John steadies me as my legs adjust to walking. Like soldiers escaping from a horrific battle, we trudge back to the house. Once inside John leads me to the bathroom.
“What the bloody hell is that?” A voice asks.
John shrugged self-consciously, “Please call me John.”
I wake up, feeling as if someone has stuffed a wad of cotton in my mouth. Yawning, I make my way downstairs where I hear you and Mrs. Hudson talking.
“I don’t know. A tactical unit came and got me.”
Irene was in her element. Sherlock looked pale and weak. “The place looks a little run down; don’t you think?”
She took the file, sat down and began to read. After a few moments, she looked up at him. “So, you jump off a roof, pretend to die, traumatizing the man you supposedly love, then expect him to bounce back? Has he tried to suicide?”
“When we searched your flat for drugs. I found two balloons. I didn’t tell anyone. I just stuffed them into my pocket.”
“What is it, John?” Sherlock asked in a bored monotone voice.
That was one of the last thoughts that ran through his mind as something hit him from behind, John screamed for help, but the sound was torn away on the wind. Slowly, like a large vehicle tipping on the road, John fell sideways on to the wet, slippery deck. He was still conscious when his head hit the wooden planks of the ship and John thought it strange that the water made the deck seem as if it were painted black. John’s body went numb as his attacker drug him face down on the deck to the edge of the railing and then right before they reached their destination, his attacker’s goal, John’s death, his would be killer began to slam John’s head on the deck over and over until John lost consciousness. The last thing he remembered was the dark water, that matched the dark blood that flowed into his eyes and the last thought he had was of Sherlock-Sherlock’s beautiful sea-green eyes, the color of his eyes life for John, the color of the sea death for John.
John answered this time. “I have no idea. After we surrendered our weapons the Golem knocked us out too.”
John had assumed it was his good natured neighbor come to tuck him in like a child, but Jesus it wasn’t the neighbor; it was… it…was Sherlock.
John, Sherlock, Jake, Clare and Rathery glanced uneasily at the brick tunnel that stood before them. Each of them shifted nervously at the prospect of the unknown. The all stood looking on in silence, and then John was the first to step forward. “Well, no guts no glory,” he said as he ran into the dark passageway.
John sighed as the sales girl brought out one outlandish shirt after another until he firmly said, “I just want a simple white dress shirt.”
John reached out and unbuttoned the top two buttons of Sherlock’s pajama top, and let his fingers trail across Sherlock’s soft skin. Sherlock drew a deep breath and rolled over and began to kiss, John, slowly at first and then the kiss became, deeper, stronger, and desperate. After a few moments, Sherlock drew breathlessly away, looked down at his own body lengthwise, cursed, jumped out of bed and said, “John I’m sorry, I just can’t…I love you, but I just…can’t…it’s me I…”, and without another word he left the room leaving John to wonder what he had done wrong.
Mrs. Hudson wrinkled her nose. “Well, the noise and carrying on. It was so loud I couldn’t hear the telly.”
John threw open the door; he was thoroughly pissed by this time. “What is it?”
“Of course, we both know that anything digital can be compromised.”
“Bend down for the soap,” I whisper.
“Sherlock Holmes?” One of the men stated.
The scout looked troubled, “You mean the man who was with you the one you call Sherlock?”
“We’re all fine, Sherlock, just concentrate on the task at hand.”
“Sherlock, may I undo your pants?” Anderson asks as if it is teatime and wants to know whether I like cream or sugar.
“John, what are doing?” Sherlock yelled as he attempted to pull John off the woman. Clare was also pulling at John.
I nod, then stop. “Make sure that they aren’t the cucumber ones. The doctor said no seeds or anything that could get stuck in his colon.”
Love comes in all different shapes and sizes and when I look at you, Anderson and Alice, I realize how fortunate I am to be the recipient of such devotion. A text pings on my phone. I should ignore it, but my obsessive nature doesn’t allow me to. I read the text, then re-read it again. “John, Anderson, we have to leave now.”
I am overcome as I move your legs back to your shoulders, flexing them at a 45-degree angle to your body. I then kiss the round scar on your shoulder. My hands wander over your chest and stomach, delighting in the way you respond. You guide me, so that my entrance into the warmth of your body seems effortless. You clamp around me.
You roll your eyes in my direction. “It’s not her I’m worried about, it’s him.”
John nodded mutely.
“What’s heartbreak grass?”
I smile.
Sherlock waved him off as if he were a bothersome insect. “Whatever, I’m not interested in your mundane little chores.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled and patted Sherlock on the arm. “Of course you do sweetie.”
I make my way to the sitting room, plop down in my chair and wait, grinding my feet into the unwilling nap of the rug. My breathing is coming in ragged gulps. I struggle to control it. Then you are there and in your arms is a child. I am prepared to hate it for keeping you away from me so long, then she turns her golden haired head towards me. The world stops. She is beautiful. She is Mary. She is you. Her blue eyes cut through my defenses, straight to my heart. You smile. “She’s beautiful, isn’t she?”
By the time they reached their appointment John was exhausted and when Sharon opened the door, John turned on the T.V. and plopped down on the couch.
“Hello, it’s Doctor John Watson, isn’t it?” She asked her voice just a tone above Sherlock’s own sweet low dulcet tones.
“He’s made it through the surgery, but he isn’t awake yet. I think you should go in and sit with him. I will call Lestrade.”
We enter the club and as we do, Anderson releases my hand. I feel empty and free all at the same time. To keep myself centered I observe the inside of the establishment. The room is immersed in blue lights of differing hues. It is meant to simulate an underwater paradise. Ocean scenes are video mapped on the walls, as a bubble machine disperses tiny orbs of simulated oxygen into the air. It is quite spectacular. Anderson gauges my expression as we are led to our table.
Sherlock looked at John with pride at his deduction, “Yes, that’s right.”
Sherlock felt icy cold, as he trudged down the stairs and out into the rain. He hailed a cab and headed in the direction of China town.  On the way there Sherlock felt as if his whole world was coming apart. John was beginning to turn into someone he didn’t recognize. The cab stopped and deposited Sherlock at his destination. It had finally stopped raining and every sound on the street echoed. The click of the cab door shutting reverberated off the buildings like the sound of a garbage truck on trash day. Sherlock made his way to where the last body had been. There was nothing there, then Sherlock heard the noise of a struggle somewhere nearby. Sherlock made his way towards the noise and was just in time to see an Asian gang member trying to choke Clare. She struggled as John tried to help her. Sherlock could tell by the way her body was starting to sag that she was going to lose consciousness soon.  Just before she was ready to collapse, Clare changed. Her body became thick, her hair thin wild wisps, eyes glowing she hacked at the gang member until there was blood spray everywhere. Another gang member tried to attack John, but he was ready for him. Sherlock went numb with shock when John pulled out his sword and began to cut the gang member down. Sherlock couldn’t tell whether the man was screaming for mercy or just screaming, however, the site that froze Sherlock with horror was the site of John reveling in the kill. John’s eyes were full of lust as he let the blood from the dying man’s throat spray all over him. Sherlock sank to the ground in despair, trying to shut out the crazed look on John’s face.
Exhaustion finally overwhelmed Sherlock, as he drifted off to sleep he glanced over at John. Were John’s eyes glowing, or was it just a trick of the light? Another thing where was the dog? Confetti always slept at the end of the bed. All these thoughts drifted away as Sherlock gave in to his need for sleep.
Clare backed away to let Sherlock and the demon-John, pass. Lestrade shook his head as they walked away, smiled and said, “Look at how their steps are synchronized with each other, just like they always are.”
Molly’s brow furrowed and she chewed on her nails. “Has he been to see John since he was discharged?”
“Sherlock, you are safe, now tell me what you see.”
John turned around, his eyes glowing, in anger for his blood lust was aroused and he needed to taste it. He needed to feel its salty flavor running down his throat, “Get away from me,” he growled.
“He wasn’t getting better and I couldn’t bear his…his pain.”
John turned into Sherlock’s arms and smiled, “Sherlock…” John whispered and then cleared his throat before he totally lost it. “I didn’t get any sleep last night; I’m scared but excited too.”
Laura made a clucking noise as she wagged a finger at Sherlock. “Careful, sweetie. I’m the only one that can make his pain go away. I ‘m the only one that can make your pain go away…Sherlock.”
John looked amazed as he stared at his hero-Sherlock. “Sherlock, Sherlock, what are we going to do?” John whispered as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
As the flap to their shelter flipped open John found himself looking into the fierce blue eyes of a shaman. “John, don’t fear for I am your guide to the city of Asmat-sanctuary.” John got dressed quickly and nudged Sherlock awake to do the same.
“Sherlock, do you trust me?” John whispered as he held up the handcuffs.
When John finally feel asleep, Sherlock snuck out from underneath his arms and went in the bathroom and wept as he took a shower, for intimacy with John always eroded his self-control, and he couldn’t figure why John would ever want to be with a person such as himself, it just didn’t mathematically make sense.
John’s face flushed and he grabbed a pillow, putting it over his lap. “What do you want?”
“Sherlock, you do care. You listened to the doctor’s orders.”
John still felt flustered, but he answered calmly, “John…Doctor John Watson.”
John frowned as Sherlock’s Grandmother’s words came back to him, ‘Sherlock is always attracted to the case he hasn’t solved, the art he hasn’t tried, the person he hasn’t met.’
Wiggins shrugged. “Well, you’re thinking of offing yourself, so who cares?”
“Sherlock, what is it?” You ask in concern as you push a damp lock of hair out of my eyes.
I let you lead me back to bed. You lower me down on the mattress, like a groom easing his virgin bride to a place of vulnerability. I let my hips relax under you. John, your eyes are open wide, the pupils dilated. I deduce that you are primed. If I move my hand up and over 45 degrees I will touch you-touch you there. I move my hand upward slightly ever so slightly until I feel heat. I gasp for air. I know we are almost there-to the breakeven point. Then fear for your heart as well as mine overtakes me and I say, “For God’s sake John, I can’t breathe give me some air.”
You cross the room and take my chin between your hands. “Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. Did you take a pill?”
Sherlock sat in a small, chair made of some kind of bamboo and thought about the chemical analysis of the drug and then the idea came to him. “By God, I will try it out on John and I will monitor his responses. Perhaps, this evening was not going to be as dull as he thought.” Sherlock mused as he rubbed his hands together, but first he must contact the Asian woman to see if she would come back later, once he had done this Sherlock waited.
“Sure, it is. Anderson, do you mind if he watches while I look you over?”
I look at the sealed envelope in my hand. I then look back at Mycroft. “What is this?” I ask.
“Sherlock, are you okay? What is it?” John asked again.
John held tightly on to the back of Sherlock’s neck, “Sherlock, did you forget that I can hear your heart beat? You little shit,” he whispered. “I’ll give you five seconds to get up and come to the front room with me and if you don’t I just might make you do a three way because I know how much you enjoyed the last one.”
“Fine,” just let me get dressed. “Or does the Golem want me naked?” John snapped.
Sherlock jerked away from her and scuttled closer to John.
Sherlock looked over at John as his head moved closer to Rathery’s for they both appeared to be communicating. “Well, Rathery told me that her mate headed off towards the higher mountain tops.  Clare and I will take the lead since we can smell his scent the strongest.” John said as he motioned for everyone to follow him and Clare.
“She had plans to introduce the idea to you slowly. My plans differed.”
The Captain’s table was as boring as John thought it was going to be for it was a bid to see who or whom could come up with the best vacation home, the best car, the best prep schools for their children, and of course when all else failed patronizing the staff was great fun. Nothing overtly rude was said; however with a curl of a lip and a ‘Please, bring me another brandy,’ the speaker made it clear that the worker was just a cog in the wheel of society and nothing more. To fit in John badgered the staff about the food, lamented over the lack of choice on the wine menu, asking for expensive old vintages that were out of the cruise line’s reach.
“John, has gone off the deep end and it’s all my fault. I should have let him known I wasn’t dead.”
I do as he says. Chill bumps cover my body as his hands work their way through my hair. Once I am clean he helps me out of the tub and hands me a towel. His eyes move to the marks on my neck. The marks are from his teeth scraping against my skin during his drug induced state from the previous evening. I wish that you had scarred me, John, that way the marks would be with me forever. Your eyes next travel to my right pectoral muscle where you bit into me. I long for you to touch the sensitive tips of my breasts. They begin to harden as the idea runs through my mind like an out of control forest fire. “Touch me, John, please,” I think.
“You don’t look well, at least let me call you a cab.”
Sherlock looked at the woman who stood in front of him. She was almost as tall as he and though she was of a sturdy build, there was a fragility about her. She had loved and lost. He leaned forward. “My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock slid off the bed, willing the aching need in his body to subside as he faced the Doctor, “The patient’s name is Doctor John Watson, and I think I know what’s best for him.”
Sherlock awoke his mouth was dry, and he felt like he was going to be sick. Quickly, Sherlock ran down the hall to the bathroom where he promptly threw up, he then sat of the floor for a few moments while he got his breath back and then turned on the facet of the tub. “A nice bath, that’s what I need,” Sherlock thought as he purposefully kept his thoughts from the events of the last few days.
John wheeled out of her reach, “Yeah, that’s what I’m afraid of. Laura I am totally devoted to Sherlock.”
An looked at Sherlock in the eerie glow of the torch. “Sherlock, you must be careful. Your friend is not as you once knew him. He will reach a point where you can no longer control him.” An whispered and then turned away. Sherlock watched her retreating figure as it faded away into the night, and then he frowned and motioned for John and Clare to follow him. No one spoke until they were out of the sewer and safely back at 221b Baker Street.
John smiled again. “Sure, Sherrrlock.”
Wiggins sighed. “Fine, then.”
Irene laughed. “Let’s take a trip down memory lane.”
You looked shocked. “Sherlock, the torment doesn’t stop with you does it? What do you want me to say?”
“Get some rest, Sherlock,” you say as you pat my shoulder.
John frowned as he thought of Sherlock, for he didn’t want Sherlock to be jealous of his new acquaintance. Elsa took John’s darkening countenance as a reflection of her own relationship with her husband and without knowing it John’s concern had formed a bond between the two of them.
Sherlock crawled over to where John had fallen and took him in his arms. John was pale and sweaty, but still conscious. “John,” Sherlock gasped as he ripped off his jacket to stop the blood flow. Sherlock, watched with horrified fascination as dark blood soaked the jacket. At first Sherlock thought that the blood was deoxygenated because of the deep color, but on further inspection, Sherlock realized the blood wasn’t a deep red, it was black. John’s blood was black
“Sherlock, are you able to move?” John asked as he zipped up Sherlock’s trousers.
“Sherlock, we’ve all been exposed to the Ebola Virus, didn’t you see the warning tape?” Mrs. Hudson asked tearfully.
“Sherlock, let us know if there’s something you don’t like, okay?”
“So, you’re staying here at Baker Street?”
“John? John Watson, what are you thinking?” Laura asked softly as she slid a perfectly manicured nail along John’s cheek, just hard enough to make an indentation but not puncture his skin.
Your brow furrows in confusion as I take your warm hand in my cold, clammy one. I put my finger against your forehead. “Think it through, John.” I whisper as I let my hand trail down your cheek.
Then he sat down on the ground and waited.
Laura fixed her bright eyes on John, as she licked her lips in anticipation. “John, how much would you give to be able to walk again?”
“We’re losing the other one. I’m not getting a pulse…”
Sherlock got in John’s face and said, “Something new.” Sherlock wasn’t particularly worried about John, for he had given John a lower dose than he himself took on a daily basis and also the servant woman had assured him that it was safe for a half-human, half demon to take, but the one thing neither of them counted on was John’s past traumas.
Sherlock sighed. “John will be much more comfortable at Baker Street so we shall be staying there.”
Mycroft sighed. “You could do no less brother mine. God help us all.”
“Sherlock, where are we going?” John asked as Sherlock bounced against his back.
Lestrade sighed. “John, I was hoping you would wear off on Sherlock, but it appears that he is wearing off on you. God help us, we only need one Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s grandma shook her head, “Oh Sherlock, I can’t really play anymore,” she said as she looked down at her gnarled hands.
Teddy relieved that the conversation might be heading towards safer waters he nodded enthusiastically, “Yes, Yes quite right.”
Sherlock smirked. “Because I am already on a case.”
The Doctor sighed, for he could see that Sherlock was looking for a fight, “Mister Holmes, you can check him out of sick-bay in a few hours, just let me make sure that there are no ill effects from his concussion.”
A few hours later, Sherlock looked at his guide doubtfully, for he didn’t look a day over thirteen. As, if reading his thoughts the boy grimaced at Sherlock, “I may be young, but I am more than able to guide you, in fact I am glad you needed me. I was really starting to feel quite angry that I missed going to battle by one year, but perhaps now I can join up with the other warriors.”
Looking around Sherlock made sure no one could see them as he stood up and faced John. John looked up at Sherlock with an intense gaze as he worked Sherlock’s pants open. By this time Sherlock’s face was starting to get red and blotchy. “John, it’s okay after all it’s not your fault that I can’t control myself. I don’t think I’m even going to last a minute.”
Wiggins got up and paced around. “I’m hungry. Is there a maid or butler than can fix us something to eat?”
“Hmm, I wonder what happened to the baby?”
“No, it’s my drug den. I love shooting up in a room filled with baby things.” Feeling like an idiot I crawl past you, but you are too quick for me. You grab me by the collar, straddling me. “Let me go, you fool.”
Mycroft throws back his head and laughs again. “Sherlock, though he may not say it, John wants you. But then I forget how would you know about matters of the heart?”
When my eyes next open the music is no longer drifting through my mind palace.
Sherlock blushed and nodded as he replied, “Okay, right.”
“John, no,” Sherlock pleaded again. “Please stop.” Then Sherlock got an idea, as a trickle of blood ran from his nose. He soaked his fingers with as much of his blood as he could and jammed his blood soaked fingers into John’s mouth.
John watched Sherlock train with pride, though he was not as strong as himself and Clare, he was fast-cunning. Even though Sherlock was convinced that he had lost his mental acuity in this world, John knew otherwise, Sherlock was still well…brilliant. It made John’s head hurt as he tried to keep track of Sherlock’s fighting strategy. Even before his opponent would make a full strike with the Bo, Sherlock would counter it. “God, he is brilliant-wonderful,” John thought as he watched Sherlock with a mixture of lustful longing, hero worship and just plain adoration. It was hard to compartmentalize just how he felt about Sherlock. All John knew was that Sherlock was his link to life, his friend, his hero, his lover. For a moment John let his mind drift over every aspect that he knew about his beloved and then the unthinkable happened, Sherlock left an opening in his defenses and wham his opponent hit him on the bridge of the nose.
My voice trembles like on the roof top of St. Bart’s. “No need for apologies. I’m just a machine.”
Not sure of what to say I just reply, “Fine, and you?”
John shook her hand quickly, noting how Elsa held his for a moment longer than necessary.
I cough, choking on my tea and you both laugh. Then you lick your lips. “I’ve been known to eat certain types of meat if there are no animals harmed in the process.”
The bar was crowded and Sherlock had to blink several times to let his eyes adjust to the darkness and the bluish cloud of cigarette smoke that encompassed the room. John coughed and Sherlock ran his hand along the back on John’s neck for he knew how much John hated cigarette smoke. John grinned up at Sherlock in response. With any luck this would be over soon.
He shakes his head. “Absolutely, not.”
Until now John had not noticed the Shaman’s arrival, “The horse of pestilence is in London.” The Shaman replied.
Sherlock locked his hands on the back of the woman’s neck and put his forehead on hers. “It’s none of your business and what is this about, calling me ivory man?”
I shake my head. “No.”
John brought a finger to his dry lips as he whispered just above the moan of the wind. “I am the fly in the ointment and speaking from the fly’s point of view I cannot bear to be plucked away from my glorious ointment. Give me a pain pill and I shall be quite fine.”
Then Anderson speaks. “Sherlock, is here?”
Mrs. Hudson inspects us before we leave. “You boys look so marvelous, have a good time.”
Elsa smiled, brushed a tear from her eye and wheeled John to the deck of the ship, where they let the cold sea air refresh them. After a few moments of silence Elsa spoke, “I’m sure that Sherlock won’t become bored with you, John.”
When the cab came to a complete stop, he helped John out, wincing when he limped.
I type in quick, rapid fire motions. My coordination is off. A dubious effect of the drug that flows within my veins. Sweat pours down the back of my neck. It rolls down my back, tracing its path down my spine, until it rests in the hollow between my ass checks. I want to stand up and itch, but I don’t dare. The dragon is watching me, watching us all, waiting to pounce. I see blood dripping from its jaws, but it wants more. It wants me. It wants John, Anderson, Alice and everyone I’ve ever cared for. I look into its golden eyes.
Sherlock grinned back, “It sounds wonderful. Now I was thinking where are we going to meet in New York?”
The woman poked her long finger into the man’s shoulder to the other side of her, “Devin, Devin, DEVIN?”
“I can hear the Symphony with perfect clarity in my mind. Make a note about the pain med’s I’ve been given. I may want to experiment when we get home.” I say as I listen to each note as they swirl around my mind palace in perfect detail and color.
“Really? What am I to deduce from that?” He then shivered when John laughed.
You dearest John, look around and yawn. “Is it over?”
“Because I’m the bloke that’s breaking the law to help you make the stuff.”
Sherlock nodded silently, then he took John to the bathroom, waited for him to finish, helped him get dressed and so it was that about a half hour later that they sat facing each other across the kitchen table. John studied Sherlock, he was neatly dressed, and nothing was out of place, except for a slight dab of shaving cream on his jaw. “Sherlock, you have a dab of shaving cream on your jaw.”
When I awake the next morning Anderson is gone. I am once again alone. The chiming of my phone stops me from grabbing a syringe. I answer the phone in a rage filled tone. “What?”
I feel cold all over. The only thing that keeps me from screaming is the sound of a text message. I read it and smile. “John’s coming home,” I say aloud. All else fades away, for you dearest John are coming home.
Irene smiled. “Yes, that is the main reason. Now while Sherlock is otherwise engaged I will tell you what I know of the key. The key is to a Swiss Bank Account that was opened by my grandfather before he was taken to the camps and killed. He gave the key to a trusted friend-a Doctor. Doctor Dunkle betrayed my grandfather and took the key for himself. He couldn’t use it because of his past record with the Nazi’s. He was a Nazi war criminal and would have been tried and convicted for his part in the extermination of the Jews. The key passed to his son. On his death bed Doctor Dunkle told his son about the key, making him swear to give it back to my family. I don’t need to tell you that he did no such thing. The son followed in the footsteps of his father and became a Doctor here at the Children’s Hospital. When he was arrested for participating in illegal experiments on the patients, the key was nowhere to be found. However, many of the surviving children said that the Doctor wore a key around his neck. He never took it off. However, the police didn’t follow up on the lead, due to the fact that most of the children were unstable and went stark raving mad. Only one didn’t.”
You and I have worked on a number of cases since the drug den incident. Neither of us mentioned it again. So, far I am drug free, not nicotine free though. You and I finish up dealing with Irene Alder. A smart woman-the woman-the only woman would told me to my face exactly how I feel about you- John Hamish Watson. I am not sure if I hate her or love her for it. The fact is a moot point, for she is gone and you are more out of reach than the Queen’s jewels.
John laughed and pulled Sherlock closer, “Yes, Sherlock it has. Now let me tell you about my meeting with Laura.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, he swallowed, then spoke as if in slow motion, “John, …lets…just focus…on the case.” The “s” in case sounded like a hiss as Sherlock elongated the syllables.
Mycroft sighed. “It’s much more than that and you know it. The British government is not interested in the money. The safe deposit box holds secrets.”
John lay in Sherlock’s arms content and relaxed. Sherlock smiled as he blew on the small hairs on John’s arm, noting with satisfaction when they stood up on end. John nuzzled into Sherlock’s chest enjoying the game. After a few moments of playing around Sherlock sighed. “We have to be ready tonight. I don’t want any mistakes. There’s a lot at stake,” Sherlock said as he gripped John’s hand in a firm grasp full of tension.
There is fresh fallen snow that covers the ground and as Mary reaches down into its powdery depths you throw a perfectly aimed snowball at her. She laughs as you take her around the waist. I stare and marvel at your ability to be happy again. She slips and you both fall to the ground laughing.
“Oy, I just did, you bloody tyrant.”
John smiled at Sherlock as he attempted to speak. “Ssh quiet I know what you want,” John whispered as he undid his pants and sprayed his warm, moist fluid over Sherlock’s stomach. John watched Sherlock’s ritual of rubbing the fluid over his stomach, on his chest, only stopping to rub it on the pulse point on his neck. “Sherlock, my kinky detective,” John whispered as he kissed Sherlock deeply.
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed as he stammered, “Yes, I think so…”
John grinned at Sherlock as he said, “We are going somewhere in a helicopter and as for spilling it come here. We have at least two hours before the chopper and I want you to make love to me, Doctor’s orders.”
“Sherlock,” you whisper.
Sherlock moved his hand through the waning bubbles, looked down just below John’s pelvis and said, “Well, apparently not everything.”
“Sherlock, it sounds as if you care for Anderson.”
“Are you finding it difficult to breathe?” I ask in a mocking tone. No sound. I strike him again and again. I lose myself in the violence of it all. Mary is gone-whack. John is gone-whack. I am alone-whack. I need a fix-whack. I want to stop but he won’t utter the safe word. “Fuck, Anderson have you forgotten your safe word?” No answer. I raise his head to look at me and I am the one to gasp. Anderson looks at me with red rimmed eyes. His forehead is beaded with sweat. He looks miserable and in pain. “Anderson, let me help you. Recant. Give me your safe word.”
John looked at the intricate details of the painting’s seaside town and felt as he could reach out and touch the water of the shoreline. Sherlock’s grandma watched John intently for a few moments and then said, “Sherlock, is an artist and a critic; therefore every time he creates, the critic in him tears his art down. He is always attracted to the case he hasn’t solved, the art he hasn’t tried, the person he hasn’t met. It makes me afraid for Sherlock, for everything comes so easy to him that I am afraid that one day he will be put to the test. Life will present him with a bill that will be a high price to pay.”
I look around at the corpse, noting the defensive wounds on his arms. “The victim was definitely attached with two machetes. See the marks on his arms and how they have different striations? They would seem to indicate that the body was struck with simultaneous blows like this.” I then demonstrate with my imaginary pair of machete.
“John, stay down,” I shout as you crawl towards Mary.
Elsa disengaged herself from John’s lap and sighed. “I’m sorry, John, I seem to be bringing down the party.”
John sighed, tiring of the game already, plus he needed a pain pill, “What would you call it then?”
John looked around realizing that the room only had a few people in it and all were dressed like some character out of a Fitzgerald novel. “I don’t understand, is this a private concert?”
Sweat collects on my upper lip as I nod in ascent. You settle me in, check my wound and then you look down at me in concern. “Sherlock, how much pain are you in?”
Sherlock reached down and brought John’s fingers to his lips. “Yes, John I will make sure of it.”
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock peering at him, his scientific gaze soon morphed into that of a lover as John’s gaze registered his presence. “John, how are you?” Sherlock asked shakily as he stroked John’s wrist.
Sherlock burst through the door, gathering him in his arms. “It’s okay, John, I’m here. Ssh, please, don’t cry. It’s okay.”
John pretended to put out and said, “Alright, just this once.” The boy wrapped his arms around John’s neck and off they went. Sherlock lit a cigarette as he watched them leave, “God, I envy that child right now,” Sherlock thought as he inhaled deeply.
Anderson and I look at each other and then laugh. He then holds out his hand to help me up. I take it aware that Donavan is still watching us. When Anderson is convinced that I can stand he asks for my phone.
The girl rolled her eyes. “What service do you want?”
John stuffed his mouth with more flat bread and hummus and then shrugged. “I guess we’ll just have to wait and see. Hey, do you think we could go for a nice moonlit ride to Petra?”
I don’t know how to begin except to say I’m sorry for leaving you like I did. I had a good reason. It turns out that Mary really was pregnant. Sherlock, I have a daughter. The baby was being used as a pawn to control Mary. It breaks my heart to think of the stress our dearest Mary must have been under. I was given strict instructions not to involve you. Rest assured I will be safe and when I come home I will be bringing my daughter home. I know you will be clamoring for details but please be patient I will explain everything when we get home.”
No one comments on my blood spattered torn shirt when I step to the front, pacing while I look at the picture. Then I stop. Chill bumps race up and down my arms.
“What is it?” Sherlock snapped at three men in uniform that stood at the door.
As John stepped further into the room, Confetti jumped off the bed and ran out into the hall. John called to Confetti. “Come on Boy, it’s me John.” Confetti whimpered and then ran and hid in the living room. John shook his head. “What the hell is wrong with that dog?”
“What’s going on here?”
My face flushes. “I bet you do.” I then leave the room to forage for something to eat. A few minutes later, Mrs. Hudson finds me looking in the kitchen cupboards.
Sherlock laughed, “I know I just pretended to take it.”
“Jesus, I must have stayed in the hot water too long. Sherlock grab my bag and get me a pain pill.”
Sherlock was about to argue back and then changed his mind as he held up their marriage license, they both decided to keep their own last names for practical reasons and as John took the license in his hand he laughed. “It makes me feel that you’ve just picked up a dog from the shelter.”
John looked up into Sherlock’s shinning eyes, “So does that mean that you’re a vir…”  The rest of his sentence was cut off by a shrieking tea kettle.
Sherlock held up his hand for silence, “Clare, the outside casing is immaterial to me; the essence of John is present, now back away for you are trying our patience.”
“Sherlock?” John asked as if he had just been napping. “Sherlock, are you okay?” John asked again in a firmer voice.
“Nothing, he’s an idiot—a minion. So, are you interested in taking the job?”
“No,” Sherlock replied through clenched teeth.
John’s eyes filled with tears. “Sherlock, I don’t know what to say.”
John pulled Sherlock’s face closer to his and place a light kiss on his lips. Eagar as always Sherlock responded and then pulled away. “John, you may have to go home without me.”
“No, that’s unacceptable. Tell me where you are and I’ll find you.”
The woman looked down at Sherlock, there was a slight sting and then the fluid poured through his veins. Sherlock waved the woman away as the room began to spin. He tied his belt around the head board and pulled at it, arching his body upward every time the drug forced its way through his system. “God, what a glorious buzz,” Sherlock thought as he sighed and arched his body again. It was at this time that John walked through the bedroom. “What are you doing?” John yelled, as he ran over to examine Sherlock. John looked into Sherlock’s eyes and asked,”Sherlock, are you high?”.
“He doesn’t want me.” The words come out of my voice like a curse.
John stood behind Sherlock as the cameras blinded them both, after a few shots, John excused himself on the pretense of a special engagement. As he moved past Sherlock, Sherlock lightly touched his arm and even though his touch was light, it felt as if John’s arm had caught fire, as he put his hand over the place in an attempt to memorize the feeling of Sherlock’s touch on his arm. John looked through the crowd and waved as he spotted Sharon. Before he made his way over to where Sharon waited for him, John spared one more backwards glance at Sherlock. Sherlock caught his eye and even though he was being swallowed up by the crowd, Sherlock maintained eye contact with John as long as he could.
I entwine my fingers through his. “Get used to it, Anderson.”
You nod, then like a good soldier you, Alice, and Anderson are gone—safe. I hear a low rumble, it makes the windows tremble. People look around in confusion. I get up making my way towards the door. I want to scream at them all to run, but I have a mission and all missions have casualties. I open the door, throwing myself to the ground when an explosion rocks the café where we all sat peaceful and carefree just a few moments before. Hands pick me up, moving me to safety. Though I can’t feel pain, I know I am injured. Surprise makes my heart rate spike, when I realize I am in Mycroft’s arms. I’m not surprised because he is carrying me. I’m surprised because his facial expressions are full of fear. He lays me in the back of a vehicle, then unbuttons my coat and rips open my shirt. A voice I don’t recognize says, “The glass shard missed a main artery. Just keep applying pressure, until I can stitch him up.”
Sherlock looked down avoiding John’s dark, blue eyes, “No, I haven’t, I mean not really.”
John looked confused for a moment and Sherlock felt a flush creep up on his cheeks, as he asked. ”You have me at a disadvantage what is your name?”
Sherlock eyed the jug, “Maybe it was Vodka, now that’s a comforting thought”. Sherlock mused. John looked over at Sherlock, with the “let’s take them glance” as he quietly eased himself along the wall to where the two guards stood. Clare was three steps ahead of them, as she did an ankle sweep to the heel of one of the guards. Once he was down she choked him out until he lost consciousness. John still struggled with his guard as the Asian woman whimpered and crawled into a corner. Clare ran over and quickly knocked the guard’s feet from underneath him. Sherlock made a mental note to ask Clare how she executed the ankle sweep so quickly.
Parts of Sherlock’s body jumped to attention as a jolt of heat ran through his body. “John….”
The boy looked up at them both and giggled, “Everybody on board is talking about you two.”
Mrs. Hudson puts her arms around me. “Sherlock, you have more people that love and care for you more than most. Don’t take advantage of it. John is taking Alice to an appointment, then he is off to interview nannies.”
The man frowned, “But the marriage and all what was it for, then?”
John listened to the rain pounding against the window; he lay back to back with Sherlock. Their spines were aligned one against the other and John loved how their vertebrates fit perfectly together.  No matter what happened Sherlock was home. John rolled over and traced his finger down Sherlock’s back and he marveled at how beautiful Sherlock was his skin so fine and white, like polished ivory. Sherlock stirred and rolled over to face John. He smiled back with a sleepy grin on his lips. The moonlight from the window illuminated Sherlock’s body and John gasped as he noticed the different colors all over Sherlock. “They must mean something,” John thought as he studied Sherlock. He noticed several maroon colored areas and as John leaned closer he realized that the maroon colored areas must be Sherlock’s erogenous spots. John knew several of them already; however, he was surprised to find a glowing maroon section just slightly above Sherlock’s armpit. John decided to test his theory, he edged closer to Sherlock, and began to gently kiss and lick the maroon glow on Sherlock’s chest.
“She listed the father as John Watson.”
Demon-John grunted and then they both charged ahead.
“In each other’s mind palaces, I expect,” Mycroft answered.
Wiggins shrugged. “You have free will. It’s not as if you’re a Calvinist.”
I reach down; pick up my shirt and coat. We both stare at your black coat and stripped shirt that I let drop to the floor. As I put my coat on, the small square package of condoms falls to the floor. We both watch its descent. I make no move to pick it up. “I going to bed,” I say with a detached coldness.
Anderson chimes in as well. “A good shagging does through.”
Anderson and I slip upstairs to get dressed. I wear my purple shirt of sex and Anderson opts for a classic white shirt, and black trousers.
She then smiled, reveling in sensation of the uncertain future before them.
The Asian woman took some of their supplies and gave it to the woman as payment and then she paused. “Are you bored? Because I would be perfectly willingly to do a three way with you and your partner anytime for free. Does that appeal to you, Sherlock?”
Sherlock winked at John as he said, “Yes, I have proven on many occasions that what’s inside is of utmost importance.”
John couldn’t take any more, “Sherlock, I’m tired I’m going to take a nap.” He said and then without another word wheeled out of the room, all the while swallowing down the lump that formed in his throat, for Sherlock hadn’t even noticed his departure. The room was cold and John shivered as he wheeled over towards the adjustable bed that Sherlock had bought so that John could maneuver himself in and out of it if he needed to. Every bone in John’s body ached as he slid out a side panel from his wheelchair, and then a few herculean movements later he was in bed lying down. “Damn,” John thought as he stuck a pill in his mouth, “there’s no water in my glass.” Not wanting to go through the process of getting in and out of bed again, John bit down and just chewed the pill up, grimacing at its sour taste as it burned its way down his throat.
I take Anderson’s hand. “Anderson, hang on, John’s here, he’ll make everything right.”
he prayed.
John blocked his exit, enjoying the man’s dilemma, “As I recall your name is Teddy, correct?”
You look up at me, then call an ambulance. “You did good, Sherlock. He’s going to be fine.”
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. “Yes, John all of London can hear you. You know how I am when I go to my mind palace. We must work on your stress reduction techniques.”
You smile into my eyes as you kiss my cheek. “I want you to top me.”
“No,” John cried as he rushed at the creature in fear and rage. John’s emotions got the better of him and as a result the Yoma quickly saw a weak place in John’s defense as its claws ripped his shoulder open. “Oh God,” John said as he sank to the ground in agony. The Yoma overcome with blood lust failed to notice Clare’s approach until it was too late. With a clean, thwack sound she sliced the Yoma’s head off its shoulders. The spurting head rolled across the courtyard in a grotesque windmill motion, until it flopped, unmoving against the wall.
“You’ve been in here for hours. I brought you some chips.”
I run my mouth along your shoulder. “John….” Your name comes out as half moan, half whisper.
Sherlock closed his eyes, smiling when the drug coursed through his veins.
Mary smiles. “Yes, it’s over. You’ve been a very good boy. You both deserve a treat tonight.”
They listened to the music for a moment and then Sherlock looked back at John with such intensity that John thought he was going to pass out. Sherlock reached forward and put his hands on John’s hips. John tensed but didn’t move as Sherlock pulled his pelvis closer to him. Sherlock then brought his lips so close to John that he could feel Sherlock’s warm breath on his cheek. John was as tight as a stone statue; however, he made no attempt to pull away as Sherlock’s lips met his and John thought he was going to faint when Sherlock slipped his tongue in his mouth. They stood there kissing each exploring the inside of the other’s oral cavity. Sherlock then pulled John towards him by the waist of his jeans and unbuckled his pants. He then rubbed on John’s penis and his excitement grew as he noticed that John’s erection was hardening by the second.  He began to massage the front of John’s crotch until he looked down and noticed that John had grown so large that his penis was now pointing to the side and hanging down through the leg opening of his underwear. Sherlock took a moment to record the image for future reference in his mind palace and then he pulled John’s pants down and took his penis in his mouth. John still hadn’t said a word however; he began to moan slightly when Sherlock ran his tongue around the tip of his penis. John began to lose his balance he felt so dizzy so, Sherlock supported John’s lower back until they were on the floor. Sherlock had a one track mind as he again took John in his mouth as if there had been no interruption. Sherlock then took a break for a second and lay back gasping aloud. “Oh God, John, John. Jesus, John I love you. You will be the death of me yet. You will break my heart”
Sherlock took a bite of baked potato and said with his mouth stuffed full. “Turn the volume up next time, or get ear phones.”
“Sherlock, we’ve had similar conversations before and you know that I believe in a supreme being, well other than yourself of course.” John chuckled.
My voice is low-exhausted. “Think it through, John. You do know.”
I back track the blood spray patterns from the corpse to where the weapon lies, then back again. “See this trail of blood? It indicates that another weapon was drug off in this direction.” I smile. I am on the hunt.
Sharon came and sat down next to John as he watched the interview, “I bet she never gets him to the altar. Hey, John, isn’t that Sherlock Holmes?”
My groin jumps a little at his commanding tone and then I hand over my phone without comment. Anderson takes my phone, has me unlock the screen and then sends a text. Afterwards he hands me the phone and then walks away. I look at the text. It is to John. I stare at the blue bubble where the message resides. It reads: When are you coming home?
John laughed, “Sherlock,” and then his heart pounded in his ears as he looked into Sherlock’s green eyes. “Sherlock…”, John said softer this time, as if he were in a cathedral.
I give you a tentative smile. “John, I want to talk about this now.” My green eyes meet your blue ones. You remain silent until I am finished telling you about Anderson. I wait for you to speak. When you finally do, I jump.
“From the wine cellar, while you were getting off with John.”
Sherlock pushed him forward with a gentle motion. “Not yet, John.” John frowned but let Sherlock complete his motions. When they were both bare below the waist Sherlock pulled John back and then smiled as he guided John’s body into his lap.
She swats my arm. “Stop now.”
My mind attacks each possibility, despairing when I prove each theory wrong.
Sherlock was across the room in an instant, “That’s Doctor Watson, my husband,” he said as he laid a possessive hand on John’s shoulder.
“Stop,” Sherlock hissed. “Someone is going to see us.”
Sherlock folded his arms across his chest. “Well, I don’t know everything. I specialize.”
A wicked look passed across Mycroft’s features. “Well, I guess we could all bunk in with you and John at Baker Street.”
John looked through the side window. “Sherlock, this isn’t the way home. Where are, we going?”
Sharon grabbed the remote and turned off the T.V., “John, what are you saying?”
“Well, what are you two doing?” Donavan askes as she looks from me to Anderson. She then raises an eyebrow as she observes my knees. “Well, judging from the state of your knees it looks as if you’ve been scrubbing Anderson’s floors.” Then like the cat that got the canary she stalks off.
“Lestrade, shut up. Where is he?” I ask in a harsh tone. Too harsh, mustn’t show emotion.
“Sherlock, you know as well as I do that hypnotism doesn’t always work, especially with a mind as strong as yours.”
I can’t take the pressure, so I begin to pace. “The fly in the ointment, the fly in the ointment,” I say aloud several times. Then I begin to pound the sides of my temples. Anderson reaches out and stills my agitated hands. Soon the rest of the team will enter the room. I can hear their approach. Just before they enter the room Anderson whispers into my ear, “Sherlock, let me take you to a gay bar.”
Sherlock came forward and sat on John’s lap leaning back against his chest. “My but you are a big boy aren’t you?” John said as he kissed Sherlock’s neck.
I smile. I hear Beethoven again. This time I keep silent about the music. I caress your thumb with my thumb. “We will get through this together, John.” I close my eyes and fall asleep to the angelic music of a deaf composer long since dead. A tear slides down my own cheek as I realize that Mary is gone. The only place I will ever see her is in the recesses of my mind palace, for unlike you dearest John I do not believe in heaven. No angels await, only darkness.
“Fine,” you say turning on the blue light, “I need to find a vein.” You approach me like a zoo keeper that has been attacked by a large animal that he now has to treat. Your hands rove over my arms, tears spring up in them when you observe the track marks of my abuse. You look away, take a deep breath, then you examine my legs, there is no clear vein of entry for it seems as if the track marks have spread like an out of control wisteria vine, its tendrils reaching everywhere.
Sherlock smiled back as he said, “Only a Doctor who is the patient would ask someone else ‘how are you?’.”
“Sherlock, I’m ready to come out now.”
Both girls looked at each again, “Cash? You don’t want it on you and Sharon’s account?”
She rolled her r’s as she moved closer to Sherlock. “A three way, hmm, maybe that was just the thing he needed.” Sherlock thought as he stared at the woman intently. “Let me see,” Sherlock said as he pulled her closer and kissed her and even though her hands quickly found all the right places, Sherlock felt nothing.  He sighed, “Umm maybe some other time,” Sherlock said as he pushed her away and grabbed the box out of her hand.
“Where’s John?” I ask.
Anderson steps forward. “Sherlock, you got the shower, so you’ll be the one.”
Sherlock thought swallowing.
John nodded. “Yes, always. I’d follow you into the dark, to hell itself and back.”
“Hitchcock? You keep bring up Hitchcock. Could it be that you are thinking of something else?” Sherlock asked as he moved towards John.
He got up, ignoring the IV in his arm. His gown fell open when he stretched to reach John’s bedside.
Mrs. Hudson looked to where he gestured into thin air. “Well, you should be able to find them, right?”
Sherlock leaned back in the bed in excitement, “Something new, God this was going to be great,” Sherlock thought as he put on a robe.
John cleared his throat and said, “Well, first I was worried and then the longer I waited I got mad. Finally, I told myself to just go home and get drunk because I waited there until…”
John laughed. “I thought about it, and then I changed my mind. So you know why?”
When we reach the bike, I grab the keys away from him. “I’m driving back to the flat,” I say.
John squinted and was about to snap back at Sherlock when a woman emerged from the mist. She wore a long black coat similar to Sherlock’s. It appeared to be made of silk and John watched mesmerized as its soft folds ebbed and flowed through the night air currents. Irene moved closer, gave Sherlock a peck on the cheek and kneeled down on eye level with John. She traced his lips with her fingers. “I can see what you mean about him, Laura. He is a delicious tidbit. I prefer the company of women, but I could make an exception in your case. You’re adorable.” She then racked a nail along a sensitive spot on John’s chest. “Oooh, very responsive. You are a lucky boy, Sherlock.”
She stopped and smiled at Sherlock, “Yes, dear?”
When you shake me awake, I have no idea how long I’ve been asleep. “You’re just like Redbeard,” I murmur, “you can make me relax and fall asleep anywhere.”
Sherlock was there too, and like a sleepy child he rubbed his eyes several times. “What’s going on? John, where are you going?” Sherlock asked as he yawned.
I sigh, rolling my eyes. “Fine, but we may as well take Alice along for all the fun this is going to be.”
Laura shrugged. “They knew the risks when they took on the job.”
John leaned over the seat and grabbed the cabbie from behind. “I will not be responsible for this man’s welfare if you don’t let me attend to him.”
Molly laughed. “It was the riding crop.”
Christmas Eve for John might just have gotten better.
“Sherlock, if you look at me and pay attention I will play that little game you’ve been wanting to try.”
As if reading his mind John walked over and pulled Sherlock into his arms and kissed him deeply. Sherlock felt his knees go weak as John’s tongue explored the inside of his mouth. John put his arms around Sherlock’s waist to steady him and then John winked at Sherlock. “We’ll continue this mode of discussion later.” John whispered into Sherlock’s ear.
Sherlock’s throat was raw and he felt as if he were going to throw up. “Just do it,” Sherlock hollowly replied.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and then narrowed. “Yes, I suppose my love for you has put me at a disadvantage. Well, never mind it won’t happen again.”
“No,” Anderson says as he runs his fingers through my curls.
John sighed, “Fine, I’ll be right there, however, Elsa I not much of a protector these days.”
Sherlock approached the bed and handed the black orchid in its coffin shaped case to John.  John read the note and frowned. “Who do you think it’s from, Sherlock?”
He looks up at me with shinny eyes. “Tell me about a case, Sherlock.”
The man was clearly terrified as he stared into John angry face, his eye dark eyes, glittering with rage, “I…I…” The messenger stuttered.
You slide into the chair that Lestrade has just vacated. I lean against your shoulder. “Sherlock, close your eyes and try to relax.”
Sherlock, John, Clare and their new companion who had introduced himself as Jake (Jake had insisted that he go by Jake because his Chinese name was too difficult to pronounce. Sherlock had of course refuted this and they had wasted about a half hour of time as Sherlock showed off by carrying on a conversation in several Chinese dialectics.), stood at the entrance of the caves. The glow from their Coleman lanterns flickered on the walls, making it seem as if the interior of the cave was a level of Dante’s inferno. Sherlock shivered with dread as they all descended into the evil murky darkness.
I fidget, then Anderson speaks. “It’s alright he doesn’t have to say anything.”
Mrs. Hudson watched Sherlock, while he rested his chin upon his slim prayer positioned fingers. “He’s up to something,” she whispered to Molly.
Sherlock nodded. How could he forget the way John’s head had went back, his mouth open gasping for air, as Sherlock took off his jacket?”
A knock at the door, stopped the tirade. “What is it?” he screamed.
Sherlock frowned at John. “It’s fine, now stop complaining.”
“What?” Wiggins whined.
You grin. “Hmm, what has happened to Sherlock’s powers of deduction?”
John forced his mind to stay calm as he replied, “It’s okay, you can leave me on my own now.”
John grimaced. “Of course it is. We can’t take the well-lit path. We have to take the dark sinister street. Well, here’s looking at you, kid.”
Mycroft looked at Laura in disgust and then scrunched his body away from her, pretending to be fascinated with the view outside his small round window. John smiled as he looked out the window at the moon. For a moment he imagined he could fly, that he wasn’t in pain and that he and Sherlock were alone together. His chest grew heavy. “I’m tired,” John thought as he attempted to locate the glowing sands that rushed by beneath them. He fumbled in the folds of his robe. “Where are my pills?” John muttered as beads of sweat began to stand out on his forehead.
You jump up. “Come on let’s see what Mary has in store for us,” you say as we push our way through the dispersing crowds.
Sherlock looked up at John said something to the Bedouin holding the reins and then propelled himself behind John on the horse. He then looked down at Mycroft and said, “I’m keeping a promise. Something you know nothing about, brother mine.”
John grinned. “Do you like it? It’s what the locals wear here. Apparently it keeps a person warm in the winter and cool in the summer. I’ve one for you too,” John said as he grabbed a neatly folded pile of clothing and thrust it towards Sherlock.
“John…let your body fall. Let gravity and the machine take it. All the way in…”
“Sherlock?”
Hugh Laurie looked into John’s wide eyes and then up into Sherlock’s frightened ones. “I honestly don’t know, but one of you has made a powerful enemy. Look all I know is that I can’t bear this pressure any longer. I’m going to turn myself into the authorities.”
John then looked at Sherlock dubiously and said, “Sherlock, did these rings come from one of Molly’s….”
Sherlock sat down in the courtyard, folding his legs into a meditative pose. He closed his eyes, accessing his mind palace. The peeling paint of the walls seemed to regenerate as Sherlock remembered. He gritted his teeth in order to keep the visions within his mind organized, shaking his head when images of needles, maniacal laughter, crying and restraints threatened to overwhelm him. His lips moved slowly in a chant. “I must remember the day the Doctor took Daniel, nothing else just that day.”
On the way back to the flat John’s head began to ache. Everything seemed so bright, noises were amplified, and the smell of copper lingered in the back of his mouth. John barely let the cab come to a stop as he jumped out ran up the stairs to the bathroom. Sherlock and Clare looked at each other as the sounds of John’s retching reached them in the entry hallway. Sherlock hurried up the stairs to the bathroom. The door was open and John was kneeling on the floor with his head over the toilet. He gasped for air as vomit poured out of his mouth and nose. Sherlock ran over, grabbed a washcloth, soaked it with cold water and sat beside John, bathing his forehead as John began to shake from the dry heaves. John tried to control his breathing, his stomach had begun to cramp and John curled up on the floor clutching at his abdomen.
Wiggins came into the room. “Ah, Sherlock’s thought of everything he has, he has a machine that can do that.”
The day of the ceremony, John was so nervous that he felt as if he were going to be ill. Sherlock arrived right on time and as he helped John into his wheelchair and then bundled him into a cab, John’s head spun with the energy that Sherlock exuded with every move. “By God, he’s going to be difficult to keep up with,” John thought nervously as Sherlock fidgeted in the seat next to him. The cab had barely come to a stop in front of the magistrate’s office when Sherlock jumped out, paid the cabbie, came around bustled John into his wheelchair and off they went, so fast that John laughed for it felt as if he were a child again on a  tilt o whirl ride at the fair.
“Maybe, he would punish me,” John thought as he let his imagination run wild.
John made his way through the camp joking and encouraging the men in an effort to keep their moral up. After he had done this John thought of the first time he and Sherlock made love, hoping the memory would keep him warm, he allowed his mind to recall ever detail. God, the smell, the physical sensations, the beauty of that day all came back to John in a rush.
You look murderous and Anderson blushes when Mrs. Hudson opens the door. “Boys, I thought you might like some…tea.” Her voice trails off and she wrinkles her nose. “Oh Sherlock, what have you done now?”
“What is it? It’s bad news, isn’t it?”
“Sherlock, where are you? I’ve got something for you.” John called out. “Sherlock?” The door opened while he arranged himself in a seductive position. His eyes widened when he noticed Mycroft standing in the doorway. “Jesus, don’t you ever knock?” he asked, while he covered his torso with a sheet.
I look at your curled up naked body, even in sleep you are beautiful John Watson. I walk slowly towards you as if each step is my last. Your blonde tussled hair lays like an angel’s wings across your brow. Tears fill my eyes. Looking at you is too much. I kiss the side of your neck. You stir but don’t wake. I lay a note beside your pillow. I sling my duffle bag over my shoulder. “Though it sounds corny, I will always love you, John,” I whisper aloud.
Sherlock let the words wash over him and then sat up in a quick snap like a mummy, for John would have never disturbed his sleep. John lay sound asleep beside him. There was no one else in the tent. Sherlock yawned, shook his head, wiped the sleep from his eyes and then propped his head up on his elbow so that he could watch John sleep.
I roll away from him. “Is that all you can say?”
Hugh nodded and then sighed. “Well, you both know I’m in debt to Laura, but I’m assuming you don’t know what for.”
John laughed. “Come on help me get dressed or we’ll never make it to the bank.”
“Fuck, I can’t reach him. I need to get this IV out of my arm.” Then before Mycroft could reach him, he eased the needle out and threw it to the ground, watching while the clear plastic tube slithered away in the opposite direction. He smoothed John’s hair back from his clammy forehead, until he opened his eyes. “Sherlock?”
John bared his neck and Sherlock almost fainted when John allowed him to nip a bit of white skin beneath his chin. “Keep it up, Doctor and we shall miss lunch as well as dinner.”
I don’t know how to save you. So, as usual I say the wrong thing. “John, relax it was just for science. I was bored. It meant nothing to me. So, why should it bother you? It doesn’t bother you does it?”
She doesn’t miss a trick, the old dear. We both look to where you had been standing. “Sherlock, talk to John, tell him how you feel. I know he feels the same-he must.”
“Sherlock, unlock this door now,” Lestrade orders.
I spare you having to say it. “Fine, just do it.” I no more than get the words out and I am vomiting yet again.
The moon goes behind the clouds and we are once more immersed in darkness. We roll away from each other and lay there in silence. I am the first one to speak. “I don’t think our quarry is coming tonight.”
“In every conceivable way,” Sherlock replied as his lips turned up in a victorious smile.
Seeing his reticence, Sherlock’s mother took her husband by the arm. “Come on let’s go. It’s for the best. We love you Sherlock.”
And as the music began to crescendo to its apex, John saw a figure making its way through the shadows towards him. John had positioned his wheelchair firmly against the wall of the bar and as the shadowy figure came closer, John could tell it was not Sherlock, but neither was it Elsa. There was nowhere for John to wheel to, so he locked the brakes firmly and let his fingers trail over the place where Sherlock had pulled back so hard on the brakes of his chair that the rubber was sliced open. “What do you want?” John asked in a voice much stronger than he felt. Silence, there was nothing said by the figure and John had the surreal impression that he was in some sort of Mummy Grade B horror movie.
“Sherlock, “John laughed and said, “This is hardly the place.”
Mycroft took in a deep breath as he ignored Laura and Sherlock’s hateful looks at one another. He then got up making his way over to the cockpit of the plane. “There’s an extra bonus in this for you if you make to London as quickly as possible. Break every FAA rule if you have to, just get us there,” Mycroft snapped out loud enough for all the occupants of the plane to hear.
John answered this time. “I have no idea. After we surrendered our weapons the Golem knocked us out too.”
My hands shake as I make my way back to the flat, maybe I can still catch you. I must beg you not to leave. When I get to the flat, I race up the stairs. Mycroft is there. A pile of things lays in a prominent place in the middle of the room. It is everything I had pawned; all the items are there except for my heart. For a moment I think I can see it alongside our pile of valuables, beating as I bleed out. The room swirls around me. I cannot face this. The reality of being a grieving adult is too much to bear. When my eyes next open, Mycroft is holding me in his arms. His eyes are full of pain, but he doesn’t say so. He just holds me tight. I don’t struggle, not even when I am buckled down to a gurney. The last thing I see as I am carried out of the flat, is your medals dearest John. The firelight reflects off of them, making them glow, consigning my soul to flames of woe.
You smile and press your forehead to mine. “It’s a non-addictive sleeping pill. Now swallow it like a good boy.”
John smiled back at him. “I’ll be seeing you, Sherlock.”
You pant as you look into my frightened eyes. “Good, that’s the way it’s supposed to feel. Just wait the best is yet to come,” you say. Then you go back to work.
“Sherlock, I haven’t said yes yet,” John replied softly as he tried to track Sherlock’s movements.
Sherlock felt his whole body go limp. John was fine, everything was fine, after all the alley where he had seen John and Clare battling the gang, was dark. Sherlock lulled himself to sleep with the thought that he must have been mistaken about John. John was still his sweet loving Doctor, nothing was wrong with him.
In order to keep his mind from the exhaustive boredom and anticipation of the fighting ahead of them, John thought about Sherlock and chuckled to himself, for he knew that even though he had left Sherlock behind for his own safe keeping, he also knew that Sherlock was bound to be boiling mad. Well, he would have to make it up to Sherlock at a later date. John smiled hoping that his punishment would involve a riding crop. “God, life had been so dreary before he met Sherlock,” John thought, as he practiced defensive moves with his sword. He thought of Sherlock that first day in the lab and he inwardly smiled at the memory of Sherlock winking at him and saying, “The name’s Sherlock Holmes, 221b Baker Street.” As John continued to train, he felt a chill of foreboding pass over him, “John, you are just imagining things, for Sherlock is safe back at the village,” he thought as he thrust his sword in front of him in a virtual killing strike.
Mycroft smiled, “Well, brother mine, any ideas?”
“Yes, Sherlock, our darling boy has a secret in his head that must be extracted.” Irene said fingering the leather choker around her neck.
I sit up in bed, pulling at plastic tubes as I do so. “Beethoven’s Symphony No 6 in F Major, Op68, the Pastoral Symphony,” I say aloud. My voice is hoarse, my speech slurred.
You raise your eyebrows, rubbing the back of your neck. “Apparently not.”
I look down at her. She is quite lovely. The skin on my chest feels tight. I want to itch the stitches that hold my torn flesh together. In the distance, I see the tactical officer that sewed me up. He is almost as tall as I, dark hair, blue eyes, porcelain skin—beautiful. I motion him over to us. He makes his way through the rubble and I study him. He’s around 36 years old and has a golden retriever judging from the golden hairs on his pant legs. He is strong, yet has a soft spot. I remember the way he winced when he stitched me up without anything to deaden my pain. He is good and kind. I smile. “I wanted to thank you for stitching me up.”
Sherlock spoke softly, his words coming out as a melodic whisper. “John, does she have any idea why you are taking on Claymore characteristics?”
I must be sick for as much as if hurts I love the feel of you sticking a needle in me. Slow at first and then the sting as the needle penetrates my vein. I sigh in pain and pleasure.
Once I get back to the flat, I push past a concerned Mrs. Hudson and make my way upstairs. I only have two balloons left. With shaky hands I heat up the bag, fill a syringe and plunge the needle in. I use a little more the usual so that I can sleep the day away. A few moments later my eyes close and my mind stills. It is sheer bliss.
Nina wanted Sherlock to see the world before they were married, so she sent him on a world cruise. Sherlock walked on the deck of the ship, smoking a cigarette, he was bored and only agreed to go on this stupid cruise because Nina wished it. Sherlock was so preoccupied that he barely noticed when his cigarette case clattered to the wooden floor.
Laura giggled as she looked over her shoulder at Mycroft. “Oh, he’s so cute when he’s protecting his mate. Isn’t he big brother?”
Sherlock moved his long fingers beneath John’s pelvic bones. “That is a given dear Doctor. Are you going to scream?”
Still peeved Sherlock sighed, “John, this isn’t an Indiana Jones movie. The desert is a dangerous place at night.”
Anderson steps forward in an uncharacteristic show of confidence. “It’s fine, I’ll work with him.”
She ignores my tone and gestures towards the door. “Go after him, Sherlock, go on.”
Laura smiled, pulled the gun away, then tucked the cipher away in her jacket. “Thank you, Sherlock. We’ll be in touch.”
When the door shuts, I start to laugh. “Good old Mrs. Hudson, nothing shocks her, does it?”
“I love you too,” John said as he squeezed Sherlock’s long fingers. “Now, what can I do to help you concentrate?”
Lestrade strolls over and examines the weapon. “So, where’s the other one?”
John shrugged and slipped in beside Sherlock. “I don’t think anyone cares about that sort of thing here, Sherlock.”
I whirl around. “Anderson.” He is standing there in his pants, his chest bare, a bandage around his ribcage.
He laughs and his features brighten.
“Enjoy yourself?”
The next morning when John finally woke up, he was surprised that he had slept so late for it was at least 10 A.M. “I must be getting lazy,” John thought as he rolled over and then the previous night came back to him in a rush and John’s light feeling went away as he remembered the look on Sherlock’s face when he had run out of the bedroom. “Well, I don’t blame him,” John thought in self-pity, “for most people wouldn’t want to be seen with a cripple, let alone go to bed with one. Pain, I’m in pain,” John thought as he reached for his prescription pain killers. He struggled a few moments for the bottle was just beyond his grasp and then just as his fingers made contact with it, he lost his balance and fell out of bed with a loud thump.
Sherlock was the first of the party to answer John. “So, how are we going to get back?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock walked over to where the Asian woman and Clare were. “What is your name?” Sherlock asked softly.
Sherlock dreaded the answer but he still asked anyway. “What does this brilliant surgeon take for payment?”
“Sherlock, tell me, unburden the evil that has entrenched your soul.”
John looked around him and shivered. “Leave me alone here in the Bates Motel, I don’t think so.”
Laura inspected it with interest. “It’s a rotor cipher.”
Mycroft met Sherlock’s gaze with a challenging one of his own. “Then perhaps you should have treated him better.”
You pull me into your arms. “Jesus, Sherlock I’m almost already ready for you again. Where do you keep your supplies?”
Your eyes darken. “You were raped?”
“It’s ‘Be Still My Soul’ from Finlandia,” Mycroft answered in a soft voice.
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped, disappointed that John couldn’t peer into the nuances of his convoluted mind.   “It’s a machine, so that you can be on top if you want to.”
I access information about resonance and the natural frequency of buildings and bridges.
Mycroft smiles. “Don’t worry, he’s used to needles.”
John laughed as Sherlock wheeled him into the room and began to undress. “Sherlock, you do realize that you left your credit card with the clerk. He’s probably charging and downloading porn by now. Aren’t you worried about identity theft?”
John wheeled his chair in front of the man and said, “I’m not gay.”
“Me? I can’t cook.”
Mrs. Hudson dabbed at her eyes. “Oh Sherlock, don’t say such things.”
“John, do you think I am the most observant person you’ve ever known?”
“Sherlock, I’ve got some medicine for your nausea. I can’t give it to you orally or in an IV, it’s a suppository.” You blush and hand me the package.
Mrs. Hudson’s face crinkles up. “Oh, Sherlock, it’s not decent.”
When Mycroft came in through the front door, Sherlock was gazing into space, his pupils two small black points in a sea of green. He bent down, retrieving the list, then closed his eyes.
John ran his hand through his sweat soaked hair. “The dreams weren’t about Afghanistan. Demons were chasing me, horrible monsters with glowing eyes. Well, it all sounds kind of silly now that I’m awake.” A loud crash of thunder rattled the windows of the flat, making it seem as if someone were desperately trying to get it. Lightening illuminated the room, making familiar objects look sinister and foreign.
“Thank you,” a voice rumbled in his head.
Sherlock pressed his fingers against his temples, attempting to suppress the desire for a fix, a desire that he had eluded since his marriage to John, but yesterday had taxed him beyond his limits. The dark mood that pressed itself in on him threatened to strangulate any sane, logical thought processes.
Sherlock ruffled the top of John’s hair and said fondly, “Good boy.”
Sherlock looked back at John again, his eyes pleading, his integrity shattered, “John, will you marry me?”
Sherlock shrugged and replied, “Well, it’s not really a Christmas present.”
Mycroft smiled. “No, that was my nickname for her. She was a terror, much worse than you. Her name was Sherrin Fordham Holmes.”
I go outside to have a cigarette. I watch you and Mary from the doorway. You both are so beautiful. Too beautiful. I fear my darkness will sully you both. Then the lights flicker. Intermission is over.
“I say, what do you think, Watson?” Teddy’s voice bored into John’s consciousness like a horrible thorn in his shoe.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Oh, for God’s sake stop this whatever it is.”
You take my head between your palms and kiss me deeply. My body is a slave to your touch. My desire is betrayed by the tension that builds in my groin.
I don’t want to answer him. It will give him control. “So, you play piano, any good?”
Even though it was cold outside, Sherlock began to sweat profusely as he tried to keep from crying out. “Sherlock, it’s okay, you need to scream out, sometimes that helps with the pain,” John said as he prepared to do the procedure once more. Again John placed his fingertips at the top of Sherlock’s nose and pressed against his nose firmly. This time Sherlock cried out and became so pale that John thought that Sherlock was going to pass out. John was sweating just as much as Sherlock as he placed his palms down the side of Sherlock’s nose, adding firm pressure and moving in a straight line. John did this twice and then looked at Sherlock’s nose from several different angles.  He then placed a finger as far up as it would go into Sherlock’s nostril and aligned the nose from the inside. Once he was satisfied that the nose was straight John helped Sherlock to his feet, led him over to the seating area and instructed Sherlock to hold ice on the nose as John finished up and stuffed little wads of gauze up Sherlock’s nose to assist in the  setting process. John then walked over to where Sherlock’s opponent stood. “Is he going to be okay?” He asked.
A few hours later and Mycroft, Laura, Sherlock and John were all in a limo speeding towards their destination-Irene Alder.
I grasp him by the shirt front. “Do it, or London will fall.”
Anderson chuckles. “Fine, Sherlock, now let’s work together, shall we?” He then steps back to let me examine the body. “The victim is male, around 50 years of age, the second toe of each foot has been removed and placed where?” I ask as I look around the room.
“You know it’s times like these, that makes me hope that John doesn’t get better.”
As the little party made their way through the caves, Sherlock wrinkled his nose in disgust at the retched smell that filled his nostrils. “God, what is that smell?” Sherlock said as he covered his nose with his hand.
The girls looked at each other in surprise and for the first time they looked at what he was wearing, John noticed their expressions and laughed, “I know, I know I didn’t get it here.”
Sherlock was a third of the way up the stairs when he heard Lestrade cry out in fear and then he heard a gun going off. Jumping down the stairs Sherlock grabbed the harpoon he had hidden under the stairwell and came to Lestrade’s aid. Lestrade had emptied a round of shots into a hideous creature’s abdomen; they slowed the creature, otherwise it appeared as if it hadn’t been affected at all. The creature turned to watch Sherlock’s approach and Lestrade took the opportunity to stab the back of the creature’s leg with a knife he pulled from his belt. The creature moaned and fell to the ground just as Sherlock reached it. He held the harpoon above the creature and was about to plunge it into the creature’s neck when something stopped him.
John laughed uncontrollably as Sherlock dove under the covers like an errant puppy, rustling the sheets and throwing around the blankets in disarray. John laughed until Sherlock touched his thigh. Then John’s sigh of laughter morphed into a sigh of ecstasy as Sherlock’s lips teased and seduced John into a state of aroused frenzy, thus proving Sherlock’s brilliant powers of deduction to be correct.
“It doesn’t turn you on?”
“Sherlock, here let me help you. I swear you would starve to death if it weren’t for John and I. I’ll fix a pot of peppermint tea, that should soothe his stomach and I’ll send up some sandwiches.”
The herbs have been working. I seldom think of John, other than his being my assistant. Yes, that’s all John is-my assistant. The case we are working on is particularly dangerous. It involves a drug lord and a few other unsavory characters. John and I are getting ready to go under cover. Before I change into my street clothes I play Zigeunerweisen by Sarasate. John comes into the room while I am playing. He towel dries his wet hair and smiles at me.
I rummage around in our drawers, looking for a bottle of aloe vera gel. By the time, I find it, I feel like I’m on fire. I strip off my clothes, then slather the gel on. Anxiety claws at me.
Sherlock ground his teeth. “Let me say this slowly so that even you can grasp it. I neeed to speeak to Angeeela now.”
John snuggled next to Sherlock. “My poor darling Sherlock, you have suffered. Oh, and please never think I will hurt you. I would rather die first. Now let’s get some sleep. Maybe we should get a shower first.” John breathed in the smell of Sherlock. He smelt like sweat, sex, and something else a sweet yet strong arid odor. John breathed deep and licked Sherlock’s arm. “Never mind I love the way you smell right now. If I had any blood pressure left in me I would take you now. Sherlock and John lay in bed kissing and fondling each other. Eventually John fell asleep in Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock woke up to the smell of something cooking. Whatever it was it smelled delightful and Sherlock’s stomach growled in agreement with his olfactory senses. Sherlock made his way into the kitchen and stood in the doorway as John prepared some sort of soup. As John stirred something in a pot bubbling with some sort of nourishment, Sherlock’s chest actually hurt as he thought of how much he loved John.
Love, John Hamish Watson.
I fight to enjoy the music. I should have thought it through before I told you my observations. No doubt I will soon be given a counteractive drug and the aural perfection in my mind will fade and then disappear.
My stomach churns.
I want to yell back that his powers of observation are astounding but I am too far gone. When Anderson finally shoots his load, I grit my teeth. It’s been too long since I’ve had sex, for it almost hurts to come. My body takes over and my thoughts become numb. I shoot my load into the condom, shaking afterwards like a frightened animal. Anderson’s arms enfold about me. It’s his gentle cradling that undoes me and I weep, turning my head away so that he can’t see.
He then adjusted John’s body into a supine position, threading his fingers through the fine hair that cascaded across his forehead in feathered layers.
I rub my hands together. “It involves a machete.”
“Molly, I do love you and your small, inadequate breasts fascinate me. I wouldn’t mind looking at them, only for scientific purposes of course.”
“Sod off,” I mumble as I turn over on my stomach. It isn’t John. So, why should I care?
“John, is that you?” A woman’s voice asked in a panic.
Sherlock looked off into the distance. “The Chislehurst caves are under London. The caves are remnants left over from when chalk was mined below the city.”
Sherlock glanced over at cheerful, strong John, “What about you? Didn’t you have any?”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, then he took the call. After he powered off, he smiled. “Well, it seems we have a therapist for John.”
Sherlock lay curled up at John’s feet for hours, he no longer felt his cramping muscles, in fact Sherlock felt as if he had turned to stone. A trickle of sweat ran down his neck as Sherlock lay unmoving.
Sherlock could barely make out John’s words and it reminded him of the effect a bomb had on his hearing when part of their Baker Street flat had blown up. Sherlock put his hands over his ears as a sharp pain reverberated through his head and then boom his hearing was back.
John felt a lump rise in his throat at the Shaman’s words, “Powers of Observation”, for all they did was remind him of Sherlock; however he took a deep breath and looked at the three horsemen again and then he frowned, “What is that blurry section under each horseman? It looks like the shimmering pictures of mirages that people have been noted to see on a hot day in the desert.”
John ran down the street in a happy daze, for today he was to meet Sherlock Holmes at the top of the Empire State Building and they were going to get married. Breathlessly he ran into the posh shop where he used to buy his suits when he was with Sharon and he hadn’t even been there five seconds when two sales girls pounced on him, “John, how nice to see you. It’s been so long. What do you want to look at today? We just got in a shipment of Armani Suits…”
I open my eyes. Ugh, it’s morning. I look beside me. The bed is empty. I stumble out of the bedroom. Without anyone telling me, I know John is gone. An unexplained panic overcomes me. I run out the front door, heedless that I am in my robe. Barefoot I run towards the sound of running water. There is a small stream. I make my way down the embankment, slipping and sliding through algae covered reeds. Plop, I fall down into a pile of muck. I am covered in mud and green slim. I don’t even attempt to get up. I just lie there. I want to cry, but I can’t. So, I just curl up, making no attempt to right myself.
“For what?” Sherlock asked through tightened lips.
“It seems we are bound to meet,” Sherlock said as he wiped a lock of curly wet hair out of his eyes.
John laughed as he walked forward and touched the male dragon’s muzzle. “What is your name?” John whispered in dragon speak.
Blinding pain and nausea threatened to overtake Sherlock as he proceeded with his inquiries. “Did you say a group of Golem?”
“Why don’t we all stay at my flat?” Laura offered.
Sherlock was just about to move away from John, when John’s hand reached a spot that Sherlock couldn’t ignore. “John, we are in a cab for God’s sake,” Sherlock hissed.
Anderson takes a small first aid kit out of his back pack and reaches for my bloodied hand. His body shivers as he takes off his gloves and touches my bare hand. “Though I am lowering the IQ of the whole street by speaking I myself am no stranger to addictions.”
John jerked the wired walkie talkie device from its monitor.  “No ambulance.” John growled.
Clare lips curved up in a thin smile.  “I anticipated that would be your response.” She then stood up, turned around and headed for the door.
Once back at Baker Street, Sherlock lit a fire in the fireplace and settled down in his favorite chair. He still hadn’t uttered a word other than the necessary instructions to the cabbie, letting the familiar dark mood take him in its undertow.
John traced Sherlock’s bottom lip with his thumb. “You were distracted because your emotions weren’t in check.”
Sherlock winced as John struggled to pull his weapon out of the creature. Then with a sickening crack the sword was John’s once again. John trotted over to Sherlock like a puppy, heedless of the gore that covered the front on his chest, and neck. It reminded Sherlock of the time that his dog Redbeard had brought a dead rabbit to Sherlock. Sherlock had been repulsed by the ripped up creature that Redbeard had so lovely laid at his feet. Sherlock had been about ready to scold Redbeard, and then Redbeard’s tail started to wag. Sherlock had looked down into the loving eyes of his dog and said, “Good boy, now let me get rid of this mess.” A slight scrapping noise brought Sherlock back to the present. John stood before him expectantly. Sherlock couldn’t help the tears that filled his eyes. “That was good John. I am very impressed.” Then just like Redbeard’s expression of love through his wagging tail, John expressed his love by throwing arms around Sherlock. John closed his eyes leaned closer to Sherlock and held him tight. Sherlock glanced at their reflection in a shop window a happy, white good luck cat figure waved back at them. Sherlock stared at the cat for a few seconds, something wasn’t quite right. “What is wrong with this picture?” Sherlock thought moments before he was knocked unconscious.
He stands up, then smiles that heartrending smile of his. “It was too painful to bend my head back. I don’t know it just hurt.”
“Shhhherlock, you died on me several times. Not just once several times,” John stutters as he looks down.
Once she was out of earshot the sales girl picked up the phone and dialed a number, “Hello, Sharon, is that you? Well, I thought I’d just tell you that John is here.”
John hesitated before he answered. “I tried to follow Clare. Sherlock, there is something not quite right about her. I traced her as far as China town, and then she just vanished into thin air.”
“Ah, my clever Doctor, you have nothing to fear. I’m injecting the medicine into myself as well.”
John pulled Sherlock even closer. “I do remember being wounded and in pain, but I don’t remember dying,” John said as he ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair.
Laura smiled with an evil twitch to her lips. “The surgeon I speak of cannot be bought by money.”
Then I close my eyes, hoping that when I open them it will be gone. I know it won’t. It lives within the confines of my mind palace. It waits to gorge on my flesh, while it drowns itself in my blood, slacking its lust when the smell of my bodily essences fills its nostrils.
I smile the day is looking up. When I get to the scene there are mobs of reporters, cops, and ghouls. I duck under the police tape and head towards Lestrade. Just before I make it to him a motorcycle skids to the side of me and rights itself. As the rider takes off his/her helmet I say, “Nice riding.”
John nodded and then grabbed his shirt and waved goodbye as he ran out of the shop and down the street. As he ran closer to his destination, John felt as if the frantic pace of the city were keeping time to the beating of his heart. He ran parallel down the side walk so that he could see the Empire State Building from the opposite side of the street, “I’m almost there, I am almost there, Sherlock. Sherlock is the closest thing to heaven I will ever find, “John thought as he hastily looked both ways and darted out into the street. He never heard the car as it tried to screech to a halt, he never felt the impact of metal against flesh, and he never felt Sherlock’s anger as he waited and waited for him hour after hour for a person that would never show up.
John hurriedly got dressed and ran downstairs. He nearly jumped out of his skin when he saw Clare quietly standing in the doorway of the kitchen. “Jesus, Clare, you scared the hell out of me.” Clare smiled and John felt as if she could read his mind.
“John, it’s me, the east and you are the sun.”
I sigh. “And everyone thinks I’m the drama Queen.” As soon as my eyes behold your handwriting, dearest John, my hands start to shake and I read.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and then he looked straight ahead and said. “Sure, I’m sure they were.”
“Fuck,” you swear, then begin resuscitation.
Sherlock smiled benignly and thought, “What an idiot.”
Sherlock stopped strutting and smiled at John, “I’m Sherlock Holmes, and everyone in this city owes me a favor.”
Laura laughed. “Ahh, Sherlock it’s too bad your proclivities lay elsewhere, we would have made a wonderful team.” She then fixed her bright eyes on Sherlock and continued on. “If you help me find what I seek I in turn will see that John is seen by the best surgeon in the world.”
I look at you, dearest John, you are sitting on your haunches in front of me. One hand is placed on my knee, the other on my arm. I smile at you, then look down at the floor, losing myself in the debris on the linoleum, a crumb from a child’s biscuit, a strand of hair, a drop of coffee, lint, a facial tissue, small scraps of paper, mucus, a spot of blood. The spot of blood grows, threatening to swallow me in its gigantic sink hole. The smell of copper makes me gag.
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John asked frantically.
And for the first time in my life I look at you and say, “No, I don’t understand.”
“I’m just going to get the scissors. Oh and if you don’t mind scoot the chair up to the writing desk there is more light there.” Sherlock said as he whisked out of the room. John put his arms on the desk and placed his head face down to rest on them. After a few moments Sherlock came back and approached John. “John, I’m going to have to cut some of your hair to get the gum out. Is that okay?”
Sherlock looked out the window of he and John’s flat at 221bBaker Street. It was fall, time for school. “The precursor to fall,” Sherlock thought as he watched a group of school kids walking along the sidewalk. There were four boys and with just one glance, Sherlock knew each of their futures. “First book in the lead, autocratic, domineering- court judge. The second boy hovers around him trying to glean something from the boy in the lead, follower-government worker. The third boy looking off into the distance-artist, dreamer-drug addict. The fourth boy, brow furrowed, making sure the others don’t fall off the curb they are balancing on, protector-soldier-Doctor-…Friend.” Sherlock thought these thoughts and many others as the boys disappeared from view.
John ran his hand over Sherlock’s back. “Sherlock, tell me what happened. I want to know.” John continued to stroke Sherlock’s back as he spoke to Sherlock as if he were a frightened child.
“What about me?” Irene seethed.
I want to tell Anderson that he is stating the obvious, but am too far gone to mumble anything but gibberish.
“John, are you alright?” Sherlock asked as he slowed the horse.
She laughs. “Sherlock, stop.”
“Really? That’s not the impression I got,” John said as he enjoyed his moment of knowing something that Sherlock didn’t.
“That sounds wonderful, but we need to include John.”
I watch him in appreciation for a moment or two and then start on a circular pattern of my own. Together we go around the corpse in concentric circles. Then we both start to speak at once.
John looked underneath Sherlock’s lowered face and said, “Sherlock, we’ve talked about his before. I want this as much as you, so you are not forcing yourself on me. So, let’s practice some of the exercises I taught you. Take your shirt off slowly, count to five in between each button you undo, now breath in and out slowly.” John’s soft voice coaxed.
“Hey, get the hell out of my cab, or I’ll call the authorities.” For a moment it seemed as if John was going to snap the cabbie’s neck, then he took a deep breath.
“Because it’s wasted on you.” Then Sherlock leaned back and drained the bottle.
Laura laughed as she stuck out her foot and began to play with the foot rests of John’s chair, “John, I forwarded your medical records to him.”
“How did she do that, Sherlock?”
“John, we’re here. John?” Sherlock asked.
John threw the sheet back and maneuvered himself into his chair, noting with a lump in his throat that Sherlock had taken the time to position it for his ease and comfort. “I’m coming with you. He’s my husband and he may need a Doctor.”
John looked at Sherlock in a panic, “Oh my God, Sherlock, rings I didn’t even think of that.”
“John, stop, the man was only training hard the way he is supposed to. John please, you’re going to kill him,” Sherlock pleaded as he plucked at John’s shirt.
I shower, get dressed and hurry past Mrs. Hudson. “Sherlock, are you alright?”
“Sherlock, I haven’t come to grips with what happened last night. I’ve experimented before but never…never… have I…”
After Lestrade left Mrs. Hudson puttered around the room endlessly chattering about how romantic cruise ships were until Sherlock couldn’t take any more, “Mrs. Hudson.”
After they were alone, Sherlock became shy and flustered. “Well, let me get the ramp running for the chair and…”
Once they were back at the hotel, John observed Sherlock while he paced.
“John, is not bad in bed. If she disappeared, it was for another reason.” He then leaned his chin against his fingers. “Mary quit because she was pregnant.”
John grabbed Sherlock by the arm, “Come on let’s go.”
The cabbie interrupted. “Alright, you two get out.”
Clare watched the exchange between John and Sherlock in silence. John still had his arm around Clare and started to come back with a pithy retort.
Sherlock smiled that sad smile that drove John nuts. “John, you are the first person I have slept with.”
Sherlock grinned, then blushed. “I know how it soothes your skin.”
“Sherlock, …”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Yes, very good you are a proper genius you are, sir.”
“Sherlock, why are you nervous?”
Sherlock nodded mutely. “I’m going to take a bath.”
“Sherlock,” John gasped into between gulps, “Don’t do that, don’t restrain yourself. Here let me guide you,” John grunted as he moved his hands firmly to Sherlock’s lower back. Sherlock let out a yelp of pleasure when John pulled his lower back up so that he moved deeper into John’s mouth. Sherlock felt as if he were in a surreal dream world as his body began to tense followed by a type of lightness that he only experienced when John made love to him. After his release, Sherlock lie in John’s arms and let the feeling of sweet nothingness take him.
The terror is over. He has been caught. I look at the miscreant, while he is being led away. His eyes bore into mine. I stand before him and smile. “It’s good to be recognized, isn’t it?”
You smile and my heart skips a beat. “I’m having the vegetarian platter.”
John licked his lips with just the tip of his tongue. It was a gesture that never failed to undo Sherlock. “So, we’ve left Mycroft and a troop of mercenaries somewhere back there and now we’re going to make love in the desert?”
Knowing that I have his full attention, I slowly take the cherry out of my mouth letting it drag along my lower lip. I smirk when Anderson jumps as it makes a plopping sound coming out. My lips curve up in a wicked smile as I take the straw from my drink and attach the cherry to the end. I scoot over to Anderson smile again, plunging the sex toy I have made down his back, pausing past the band of his pants. Anderson swallows, his breathing is coming out in short pants. Without mercy, I pulse the cherry between his cheeks.
“I was bored. There’s nothing to do.”
“Sherlock, stop talking.”
“I’m here, John.”
The first chord of Mozart’s Don Giovanni fills the house. I close my eyes in pleasure for music is the closest reconciliation between my mind palace and the temporal world. Mozart’s music portrays Don Giovanni as the flawed evil character that he is. He is not a romantic figure. He is selfish. He is a rapist and a thief. He steals the joy from all those that surround him. Only his faithful servant sticks by him, attempting to dissuade him from the fall that is sure to overcome his master. My thoughts are consumed by the darkness in the D Minor chords of the Opera. Mozart brings me to despair. I am a fallen creature. Just as I shudder at the thought of giving in to the black thoughts that surround me, the house lights come back on. It is intermission.
