chose on that sign for once. We all win! I get my name, Michael
Dean smiled at Castiel as he splayed his fins. He clicked and whistled, promising Castiel that he was the best choice for a mate. He would protect Castiel from harm and provide for him. He flexed his fins up and forward in a dominating fashion as he pushed the biologist forward. He chirped out his mating proposal and snapped his teeth at Castiel.
Karen shook her head as she laughed softly. ‘Oh, Gabe’s a cutie, all right. And his enthusiasm is
‘No, I mean Crowley,’ Gabriel quickly replied. ‘Um… Him. Possibly finding out. And uh…yeah.’ He paused and entered the bathroom, sitting on the toilet to watch Sam. ‘Take it you go through a lot of soap?’
Sam pulled himself over the railing, giving a quick flick of his tail to give himself an extra boost. He dropped onto the cushioned seating on the back of the boat and let his tail trail over the railing. ‘Gabriel?’
He leaned down and kissed the top of Dean’s head when the transformation was finished. ‘I meant… I mean… Alone. No one there. No one to come home to. I don’t wanna be alone anymore,’ he said with some difficulty.
‘I wax!’ Gabriel shouted as the door shut behind him.
The dance ended and he escorted her off the dance floor. He thought that would be the end of it, but she insisted on sharing a drink, signaling to one of her bodyguards. Dean groaned internally, but put on a brave face and conversed with her.
He looked up when Castiel placed a hand on his thigh. ‘Then I guess we’re both freaks,’ he said with a laugh.
'Oh, come off it, Dean!' Sam snapped. 'And what about...Castee...'
'So, Cas... Have you ever killed any humans?' he asked, trying to come off as casual.
‘T-turn it off!’ Gabriel shouted as he got control of his voice. He stumbled to his feet and tripped over a pile of clothing. ‘Charlie!
‘He said the bungalow’s free tomorrow, and that he’ll know if you touched the bed,’ Balthazar said, looking between Castiel and Dean. He rolled his eyes at Dean’s friendly smile. At least Castiel had the decency to blush. ‘And your uh…
‘Apparently, purity doesn’t stop bullets.’
‘Are you done? Are you ready?’ he asked, staring at Castiel’s bright red lips. ‘Fuck, you look so hot. Wanna kiss you so bad,’ he said as he ran his hands up and down Castiel’s thighs and gently pushed his knees apart.
Gabriel grimaced as he watched the exchange. ‘You speak dolphin. Of course you speak dolphin.’
Dean sniggered, letting a few clicks drift into his laugh.
Castiel stared at Sam in response. He knew next to nothing on how Hunter and angel etiquette worked, but he was pretty sure he didn't have to respond to anyone but his bound Hunter. Not even his Hunter's brother.
‘Dean, how do you think his other suitor felt when he was spending time with
‘What?!’ Gabriel stared at Castiel in shock. ‘You…you never told me that!’
‘Then it’ll just be you in control,’ Castiel said bitterly. He tugged his hand away and got up to cross the room. He hugged his pillow as tight as he could and stared out his window to the buildings across the street. Many of the angels and demons that worked for his father lived in apartments of the tall buildings. He wondered if they knew what was going on.
Gabriel set the bottle next to the laptop and leaned against the wall next to the small desk that Castiel was in front of. ‘I just thought we could share a celebratory drink,’ he said cheerfully. ‘Because of what we’re doing with the show. It’s gonna be great. Lots of good exposure. You’ll get your own fanbase.’
‘Put off?’
‘There is footage… I could look into getting it for you,’ Castiel offered.
‘Was that really necessary?’ Gabriel asked Anna.
came up with cumshot coffee cream? Cas, whose idea of a good time is a Scooby-Doo marathon while doing taxes?'
being you,’ Charlie said with a smirk. She leaned against the hall entrance, Samandriel right beside her. They had seen Dean and Castiel coming up the path and didn’t want to miss the confrontation that was bound to happen.
‘You can drop him off naked at my room,’ Castiel muttered as he lifted Dean’s right leg.
Gabriel raised a brow. ‘Out of curiosity…who made the first move?’
Castiel stared at the floor. ‘Dean fixed it,’ he quietly replied. ‘It works now…’ He raised his arm and tried to tug the cuff off. He winced as a jolt of pain ran up his arm.
know I specialize in marine mammals! Why wouldn’t they tell me?!’
lay a hand on you or Dean. Not after what you guys just did,’ Gabriel said softly. He pulled Sam on top of him and hooked his arms around Sam’s neck. ‘You freed us. We don’t have to hide anymore. We can live real lives now! Although… Dad might get a little pissed because he’ll end up losing some employees…’
‘So we stick to hidden passages and carefully make our way up,’ Michael said. ‘There are plenty of them. It shouldn’t be too much of a hassle.’
Dean glared at her. ‘No. Exact opposite, really.’
Benny pinched the bridge of his nose. He knew exactly who Dean was talking about. All yesterday, after he had dropped Castiel off, Dean had gone on and on about the marine biologist. He had already had his ear talked off by Castiel just prior—the poor guy had a lot on his mind, and Benny had been willing to just let him talk. Unfortunately, Dean then needed to know everything that Castiel had said.
Gabriel sighed and nodded. ‘Isn’t that why you always have me wait before talking? So you can just…pluck it out?’
By the time he reached his hotel room, Gabriel was already inside, meticulously arranging the table. He leaned against the doorframe and crossed his arms as he watched. Gabriel was wearing what Sam had come to know as his normal attire of loose jeans and a green coat. He laughed quietly as Gabriel lined up the placemats with a small ruler.
‘So you guys are used to working at half power,’ Dean said. ‘Does that mean you go full power when you’re out of the building, or…’
‘Believe me, I don’t mind. I’m having a shit day…you could make it better,’ Castiel said. ‘Here, I’ll make us more even.’ He sat up and struggled to pull his wet shirt over his head.
‘Uh… How was your date?’ Gabriel asked, pulling his legs to let Castiel sit down.
not.’
Dean floated out from under the pier. ‘I got bored. Besides, there’s more people here to look at.’
‘Any kind of water. Rain, too,’ Dean replied as he sat up and curled his tail around himself. He smiled as Castiel crawled around him, taking in every little detail and touching him.
Before Dean could tuck the phone away, Gabriel had reached over the table and plucked it from Dean’s fingers.
Balthazar laughed and wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders. ‘Now, you know I can’t do that! Orders and all that.’
‘Where is he?’ Castiel demanded as he came into the dining room, brushing Samandriel and Anna out of the way. He stalked up to Sam and crossed his arms. ‘Where is Dean? I need to speak with him.’
They entered the kitchen and began putting away the food Bobby had brought.
‘What…?’
,’ he explained. ‘The characters were similar, true, but then the dog got rabies, killed off half the cast, was thrown in an
Maybe they weren't so useless after all. 'Great!'
‘Go have some fun,’ Karen shouted from the kitchen. ‘It’ll keep!’
‘More, more, more,’ Gabriel begged as a fourth finger was added, stretching him and massaging his prostate. ‘Oh, God, right there,’ he moaned as he raked his nails along Sam’s thigh. ‘Again, again, faster! Aa-ahh!!’
'Oh!'
Sam nodded uncertainly. Something wasn’t right about the doctor. ‘How long does he need to be here?’ he asked. He wondered if he would have to sneak Dean out or get the agency to set up a transfer.
Castiel blinked. He wasn’t expecting Dean’s reaction. Shock, yes. Disgust, maybe. But this? ‘Um… It was amusing…until I was arrested,’ he replied. His mouth snapped shut at the confession. ‘Please don’t tell anyone!’
‘They’re colored pangolin scales,’ Castiel quickly said. ‘I… Excuse me.’ He quickly left the couch and grabbed his notebook as he made a beeline to the bathroom. Once hidden, he dropped onto the floor and pulled the necklace over his head. Why hadn’t he seen it earlier? He reached onto the sink and grabbed his razor. Carefully, he positioned a scale against the razor blade and sliced off a small portion from the side.
‘I don’t… Why would he do that?’ Sam asked.
Castiel nodded as he began examining Dean’s larger scar. ‘This was a much larger shark than I’d originally thought… Oh! Can you communicate with dolphins? Is that…your language? Or do all mer…uh…merfolk speak human languages?’
Dean frowned, and his eyes flicked to where Anna had landed, thrown against one of the old junkers in the yard. She was cradling her arm as Balthazar helped her up and warily eying Castiel. ‘I think…you should take a break.’
'What the hell kind of angel
He voiced his concerns to Sam on their way to the museum gala. Sam assured Dean that he had an exit strategy worked out. All Dean had to do was give a key phrase.
‘I don’t know. Good? Bad? Something in-between?’ Gabriel shrugged his shoulders as he stood. He hoped it was going to be all right. ‘Public place, so it shouldn’t be too bad.’
‘One way or another, you
innocent. Then again, he could name hundreds of wicked leaders that never personally killed anyone. Lucifer never had the chance to do much damage. If Lucifer was simply locked away, what fate awaited Seraphiel?
Gabriel made a frustrated noise. ‘Well… If I had, hypothetically, a small, very small…’
Dean nodded as he examined his surroundings. ‘I’d like that,’ he said distractedly. ‘Um… I think…it’s around here somewhere.’
you?!’ Anna hissed. ‘
‘What do you do with the pictures?’
He gave up understanding why Gabriel thought it was the end of the world. He reached over and turned off the lamp before curling up on the couch.
One night, a call came in, reporting a strange series of deaths happening in a small college town. When Bobby described to the boys just how people were dying, Karen piped up, declaring that it sounded like the work of a Trickster.
‘You wanna know the
Meg shrugged as she set the dust bin down. ‘Nothing, really,’ she replied. ‘He broke all the bulbs last night.’
Balthazar nodded and lightly touched Castiel’s shoulder. ‘Take all the time you need,’ he said.
Gabriel quickly got to his feet and rushed to the edge of the boat. In the water, Sam was smiling up at him, looking happier than Gabriel had ever seen him. He flinched as Sam splashed water up at him.
‘You change your shampoo and soap, and I’ll think about it.’
‘Too long,’ Jody replied. She moved her eyes over Gabriel to Sam and smiled appreciatively. ‘And who is
Castiel had gone over the college grounds with a fine-tooth comb. There was no sign of Dean. He knew he should have asked Gabriel about the young man, but, by the time he woke up, Gabriel was already gone. He checked his watch to see it was already well past one. His feet were beginning to hurt from all the walking he’d been doing that morning. He made his way over to a bench situated under a large tree. Once seated and somewhat comfortable, he pulled out his phone and began texting his roommate.
!’ Sam glanced up as a bright flash filled the sky. He didn’t have long to convince Dean. ‘Humans are greedy. They murder their own kind. If they’re willing to kill each other for a…a few bucks, then what do you think they’ll do to
Castiel waited for Crowley to answer the phone. The bungalow he was in was a lot nicer than he was expecting. He needed to get ahold of Crowley and find out exactly what was going to be expected of him in return as soon as possible.
‘Maybe not on purpose, but… What if Sam went crazy or got possessed by a demon or something? And then he went after you. Would you freak out and smite him?’
Sam began to walk around the desk just as Gabriel was picking himself up. He clipped the corner as he was distracted by the way Gabriel’s cut-offs rode up his ass. He clutched the desk, unable to pull his eyes away.
The man’s eyes flashed red and he grinned at Sam. ‘So observant,’ he said, his voice dripping in sarcasm.
‘The hotel I was staying at is just ahead,’ Castiel said, pointing. ‘They might know.’
Gabriel took the keys and smiled. ‘Sure thing. Thanks, Karen,’ he said with a wink. He turned and headed toward the hallway. He made it about halfway when a door opened and someone rushed out into the hall, running into him.
‘At least a hundred times!’
can’t make things
Dean could have sworn his heart stopped. He stared, unseeing, as he listened to the sound of thin metal clattering against the floor. He was vaguely aware of Castiel standing and walking around him.
‘And you were gonna just go with the flow until you drowned or didn’t know what to do next?’ Crowley asked Castiel.
Dean kissed the dark mark he had just made and smiled at his handiwork. ‘I think I
‘Er… Well, from where I stand…or swim…whatever… It looks like a mating,’ she said, her eyes darting back and forth from Castiel to the water in front of her.
look after you read the crazy shit describing that…crazy shit!’
Castiel’s head shot up, and he looked at Dean in a mix of relief and horror. He brought his hands up in front of him. He couldn’t warn Dean, so he did the only thing he could think of. ‘I hate you!’ he screeched. ‘Please,’ he begged, leaning away as Dean drew closer, warning tingles running up his arm. ‘Don’t touch me, don’t come near me! I-I…I don’t need you!’
Sam laughed as he washed his hair. ‘Not as much as you’d think. If I use soap on my scales, then I have to be really careful to make sure I get every last bit off and out from under them. Gets real itchy if I dry out after missing a spot,’ he explained.
He sighed and shoved his hands in his pockets. 'We should get going before it gets too dark,' he said as he walked past Sam.
with you, too.’
His brother was so wonderful, so beautiful! He loved him with all his being and hung on to his every word. Wherever Lucifer went, Seraphiel followed without question. When Lucifer was cast from Heaven, Seraphiel followed, lost and uncertain.
could make one,’ Gabriel replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
was what he saw. ‘Well, don’t feel like you have to hide anymore,’ he said, smiling. ‘I’m friendly.’
‘Good. Maybe we can actually
be Dean. ‘You had your reasons,’ Sam spat out.
‘They wanna recruit me?’ Dean offered. He had heard the horror stories. Failed protection gigs ruined by Angel Corp. He had thought Angel Corp was just what people blamed when they couldn’t do their job right. If all the stories were true, then what
‘Yeah, you fried the computer,’ Dean replied.
Dean shrugged. He was already feeling the effects of his own withdrawal.
.-.-.-.-.
Dean watched, fascinated, as the monster burned from the inside, out. It scrabbled against the ground and clawed at its own skin, screaming at a high pitch. When the inner light faded, all that was left was a twisted and blackened corpse.
Sam frowned as Dean pushed off the door and came closer.
‘What do you want with
. I’m wearing a lifejacket. I don’t care how much you laugh at me, I’m wearing one. But that’s beside the point. The big thing is Crowley. He’s in the same line of work as Cas. Shark expert, if you will. And he’s
Castiel groaned in frustration. ‘Can you at least tell me when you’ll be here?’
That left Dean. Money wouldn’t be an issue—the income he made from his stock photos and footage was enough to take care of an extra mouth to feed, but he would have to cut back on his habit of eating out. He would have to learn to cook beyond things that came in a box or a can—and even then it was a toss-up on whether or not he missed a step. He had a doctorate. How could he not follow simple instructions? Maybe Dean would be better at cooking.
Castiel breathed deeply as he stretched and cracked his neck. He closed his eyes, putting himself in the right frame of mind. This was a performance. Just like any drag show he’d been in. Just like amateur night at the strip club. He just needed to come off as an unknowing participant. He grinned as he found his inspiration. How would he strip down to get Dean to jump him without knowing what he was up to?
Dean and Castiel found an abandoned campsite. Claw marks, blood, and signs of dragged bodies. A search of the tents revealed that the campers had been Hunters.
'This—everything! Stop being so...so nice! So...you.' Dean ran a hand through his hair and gave it a surprised look when he pulled out a leaf.
‘And you knew this for a fact?’ Sam said snippily.
‘Illusions and displacement… It’s what I’m good at,’ Gabriel said with a shrug. ‘How do you think I managed to mess with you so much that first week? I think one of your credit cards is still in the middle of your soap,’ he said to Sam.
Castiel looked up. When he caught sight of Sam, he quickly looked back down.
Dean shook his head. ‘I really wanna let Sam out, let him drink all the blood he wants, then drain his victim myself,’ he muttered.
Castiel slowly spread his wings, drawing out the sensations the cuff was giving him. He whined as he fully extended them, displaying every feather for Dean to see. He gasped as Dean very lightly caressed the length of his right wing. His arms shook as he dropped his head, panting for breath as Dean carefully ran his fingers along the other wing.
was gonna happen with Dean, but he’s… I really like him.’ He smiled as he rubbed his arm and sat on the bed next to Balthazar.
Jimmy nodded, and Alastair felt a flood of relief.
Gabriel nodded and went back to staring at the tall glass of orange liquid. He pulled out his phone and dropped it on the table. ‘Either Cas has his phone off, or he forgot to charge it again, and I’m betting on the latter.’
Dean reluctantly pulled his hand away. He rolled his eyes at Gabriel's smug smile. 'Fine,' he said. 'You wanna know what else is inappropriate behavior? Forgetting I can
Castiel glanced up Dean without lifting his head. ‘Huh?’
'Seraphiel.'
Castiel shook his head.
‘Yeah. Wait…drag? “Drag” as in…a skirt, or “drag” as in…the whole…’ Balthazar waved his hand over his face. ‘Glitter and tacky makeup?’
Dean looked between the two drunk men and shrugged. ‘I’d love to. Really. But I don’t think I should…’
‘Cas? What are you doing?’ Dean asked harshly.
As requested, translations:
a showoff.
Dean sighed as he stared at Sam. ‘I hope you’re right,’ he said quietly.
Castiel felt his face heat up as his thoughts screeched to a halt. Staring back at him was his own smiling face—painted up and framed by a black wig, topped by a glittery cowboy hat. He jumped as Anna leaned over his shoulder to get a look.
‘Then I’ll make myself scarce,’ Dean said, dropping back into the water. ‘Which is what you should do if you don’t wanna get wet.’
necklace.’ He handed the earring back and stared at the compact that Castiel held. ‘What’s that?’
Gabriel broke the kiss and panted as he slowed his movements. He gasped and moaned each time Sam’s cock pushed into him. ‘Fuck, Sam… Ah! Wanna…wanna take you with me,’ he said as he kissed at Sam’s chest. ‘Please come with me.’ He groaned as Sam stopped moving. He looked up and caught Sam’s worried expression, and placed his hands on Sam’s cheeks, smiling reassuringly. ‘Sorry! It’s okay! Just rattling off stupid crap. You don’t have to answer. I like to talk during sex. You know that!’
Benny pulled his hat off and scratched his head. ‘Okay,’ he said reluctantly. ‘I’ll bring you some clothes tomorrow. I guess you’ll be needin’ a place to stay?’
‘Your cock?’ Balthazar said sarcastically, earning a few sniggers.
When they finally returned to Bobby's house, they found a note stuck to the fridge. Bobby and Karen were out helping another Hunter, and dinner was waiting in the fridge to be reheated. Karen's neat handwriting warned of what would happen if the boys burned the house down.
There was no reason for his heart to be beating so quickly. It was just an email. It was just business. He nodded to himself and set to work.
‘Oh. Well…’ Castiel couldn’t believe it. Dean was essentially saying that he could run away with him. ‘We can talk about this later,’ he eventually said, not wanting to get his hopes up. ‘Anyway. I told you about my woes in love, so how about that secret ingredient?’
I thank you all for joining me on this eight year journey. And a big thank you to those of you who stuck around since the beginning. You've all given me the confidence to truly pursue some of the ideas floating in my head and share them with others. Thank you.
a fight. He didn’t say how many he’s
Sam glared as Gabriel exited the room. An hour later, Dean had apparently drifted back to sleep after rambling on about monsters under the bed. Shortly after, a redheaded nurse entered to escort Sam out. When Sam argued, she held up a small syringe and stared at him. That was when Sam noticed the wings on the syringe. And the matching winged necklace the nurse wore. He left in an irritated huff.
‘Yeah, he seems a little stressed that Castiel’s even here.’
Castiel tugged at his sleeve and nervously bit his lip. ‘Um… I still haven’t groomed my wings…’
Dean got into the car and stared at Castiel. ‘Enough,’ he replied.
Castiel couldn’t keep his eyes from wandering over Seraphiel’s body. He could easily imagine himself wrapping his own body around Seraphiel, nibbling on feathered ears. Finally, his eyes rested on the red wings, a glint of bright, pale blue shining out from the smallest stump. That hadn’t been there before. Not that he could recall. He remembered the pale feather in his pocket—his reminder that Seraphiel was worth redeeming.
Castiel smiled shyly at Dean. ‘That is rather sweet of you, Dean.’
Dean spun around at the sound of Alastair's voice. Finally! He had never been so glad to see Alastair. Just as planned, angel and demon fought. Dean caught sight of Castiel losing his fight to Alastair. He should just leave. Castiel would be able to take care of himself. Dean growled at himself as he lifted a two-by-four and hit Alastair upside the head, earning him Alastair's attention. He stood his ground as pain ripped through his being.
Castiel shifted his wings, and Dean pulled him more tightly against his chest. Castiel’s heart sped up. He slowly brought his hands up between them and rested them on Dean’s bare chest. Dean didn’t wake up, so Castiel gently pressed his lips against Dean’s chest. He felt a pang of regret. Dean was quickly running out of time. They had agreed to a week. It was already the third day, and Dean had made no progress. He had no idea of what to do. How could he help Dean?
‘This isn’t the same,’ Castiel said reassuringly. ‘No one died. I didn’t find any dead bodies. It’s just…something different.’
‘I uh…I don’t know what you’re talking about,’ Gabriel said as he rubbed his neck uncomfortably.
‘I never told him. He found out,’ Crowley replied as he sifted through more papers and placed new lines. ‘Do you remember when he went through puberty?’
‘Whatever you want.’
Dean sniggered. ‘And what’s a broken leper look like?’
Castiel shook his head. ‘I
‘Then why’s he been following me? I’ve seen him in, like, ten different cities!’
And immediately felt his stomach drop. A small group of guards had just rounded the corner ahead of him. What could he do? Would they recognize him? Did they suspect? He couldn’t start running. Not now. And simply turning around would draw too much attention. They were going to see him. He was going to get caught and tortured. Killed, if he was lucky.
‘Only ‘cuz you suggested it,’ Charlie called back. ‘Oh, oh! Skirts made of seaweed and glass beads,’ she said, pointing at the screen.
‘What?!’ Balthazar stood up suddenly, making his chair fall over. ‘How— Why—?! Why didn’t… Argh! I am
Jody snorted in reply as she came out from the kitchenette. ‘
‘I’m sorry!’ Gabriel cried out. ‘Please don’t hate me, Sammy! It started after our parents died. Cas would lie about everything. The psychiatrist said it’s how he dealt with the stress. And it just…stuck.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean replied. ‘We got that telepathic link going on.’
‘No…I became upset. I lost control,’ Castiel carefully replied. ‘I’m sorry.’
Castiel remained still, telling himself that it was just a dream. ‘No. I just…I just dream that they’re white, sometimes.’
‘So…have you had any time to sit in on any classes yet?’ Dean asked.
Castiel grimaced. ‘So, you know?’
He grabbed the keys and turned to the door that led below. He inserted the key and turned it, frowning when it didn’t give the familiar click of unlocking. His stomach clenched, fearing that someone had stolen all of the scuba gear. He knew they should have brought it all inside the hotel. He opened the door, and the sight that greeted him was worse than anything he could have possibly imagined.
Dean's vision went black, and that was it. It was the end. It had been a good run. Short, but...good. Good enough. Who was he kidding? His life sucked.
Crowley licked his finger and traced a line from his room to Castiel’s then from Gabriel’s.
Sam gave him a brief glance. He caught an angel. He caught an
Sam watched as Gabriel dug deep into a suitcase and hid the photograph at the bottom. He knew the photograph was real. He could tell that Gabriel knew it was real, too. So why was Gabriel pretending that it wasn’t? Did Charlie know about the photograph? The background of the photo matched those of other photographs he had seen of the reefs around the atoll. It was no longer just a TV show following a rumor. They had actual proof.
Sam nodded and gave the door one last tug. 'Right, we'll find you!'
‘No, no! That’s good! Keep yourself safe. If you think anything’s about to happen, then get out of there.’
Dean headed to the medicine cabinet, and Sam followed.
‘Nah, we’re good. Exactly what we want,’ Balthazar replied. ‘Trust me. For some reason, they like you belligerent.’
‘Uh-huh… Who did you blackmail?’
Gabriel sighed and leaned against the door. ‘It’s going. Where…I don’t know. But uh… Do me a favor and keep Cas entertained. At least until I figure myself out. Go…play in a lake or something. That should be good enough.’
‘Is that what you want?’ a voice said from right next to him.
‘It’s not a bad past. Not from what you’ve told me about it.’
do,’ Castiel said with a sigh as he let Dean guide him up the stairs and into the bungalow. ‘And then there’s that…’
‘They’ll never find you,’ Alastair said conversationally as he pulled the knife away. He turned to the cart of tools and set the knife down. He picked up a set of pliers and turned back to face Dean. ‘You see, your sweet, little brother is looking in the wrong place. Wrong city. Wrong country. Wrong continent.’
After a good hour of being yelled at, Bobby saved the boys by presenting Karen with a beautiful gold ring that had the new binding spell engraved on it. He had even presented it on one knee. Bobby could not recall a time he had seen his angel so happy.
Dean clenched his eyes shut as the knife traced a path down his jaw, along his neck, and finally rested over his clavicle. ‘Fuck off,’ he hissed. He bit back a grunt as the knife slowly pressed into his skin.
'Here,' Sam said, handing Gabriel a sucker.
Sam smiled at Gabriel, his heart beating so fast. He jumped off the boat and splashed into the water.
‘Tropical island paradise,’ Anna replied. ‘The more tropical, the better.’
have is unintelligible.’
The door finally opened, revealing Castiel. His t-shirt and boxers were wrinkled and his hair stuck out in all directions. He squinted at Dean in confusion. ‘Dean? What are you doing here?’
Castiel scurried away, flapping his wings rapidly. ‘No!’ he screeched, scratching at his left wrist.
‘How do you know so much about them?’ Dean asked.
, uh…’ He squeaked out Charlie’s given name. ‘She’s with that film crew.’
was why the music was playing. Crowley was calling. He sighed in irritation as he picked up his phone just as the ringtone started again. ‘What?’
! But don’t underestimate yourself, honey. Whether you’re any good won’t matter to some people.’
‘Look, Cas,’ Gabriel said as he stood next to Castiel, ‘I’m glad you, the fucking Ice Queen, are finally showing interest in another human being, but… The contract says ‘protect’ them, not fuck ‘em.’
Dean gasped as he was he pushed back. He blinked in confusion as his brain processed what he was seeing. Castiel’s eyes were glowing brightly. He opened his mouth to speak, but Castiel quickly dipped down. Dean grunted as the angel rolled his hips back and along Dean’s throbbing erection. He grabbed at Castiel, but soon found his wrists being held tightly. He tried to move them, but Castiel held them firmly in place on either side of Dean’s head.
‘What?! It wasn’t just me!!’ Dean exclaimed. He pointed at Sam as he yelled at the television. ‘
‘No, he’s not!’ Sam argued. ‘About four months ago, his business partner supposedly drowned. They never found the body. Everyone knows he
‘Hey, I
safe.’
Castiel nodded and reached down to stop Dean’s hand from the journey it was making down his chest.
‘Apparently, we found some tequila and just used one of the ones we were using for filming the documentary,’ Castiel dryly replied. He shifted uncomfortably as Jody broke out into laughter and Crowley stared in amused bewilderment.
.-.-.-.-.
Castiel’s eyes drifted downward. Balthazar still looked good. Maybe he should have invited the other man on his research trips instead of leaving messages on voicemail after he had arrived at his destination. ‘Did Gabriel give you my revised contract?’ he asked as his gaze drifted along Balthazar’s stomach and hip bones. He could still remember the feel of Balthazar’s skin under his fingers.
Castiel nodded uncertainly.
Anna blinked in confusion. ‘Warning? For what?’
Dean let out an irritated huff. ‘I’m not gonna release you, Cas. You’re
‘I’ll dry out,’ he said, flicking his tail. ‘I’ll date him like a human!’
‘Cas doesn’t have to obey Dean,’ Gabriel miserably replied. He sent Castiel a silent apology.
Meg returned with a medium-sized metal case. She remained near the entrance. ‘Do you want me to slide this thing over?’ she asked, eying the floor.
‘No! That’s
Castiel grabbed at Dean's sleeve and tugged him back. 'We shouldn't go alone,' he insisted.
Gabriel’s eyes drifted up to the bedhead Balthazar was sporting. ‘Yeah. Sorry. But this is important. It’s about Cas.’
.-.-.-.-.
is guaranteed,’ Balthazar said. He nodded to Charlie and Sam before following after Anna. ‘If he stays, I
There was a pause on Balthazar’s side followed by a heavy sigh. ‘No, Castiel.
Crowley glared up at Dean.
.-.-.-.-.
Dean’s plan worked like a charm. He and Bobby sat in the study in silence.
‘Any idea
'Um...' Dean couldn't come up with an excuse quick enough. 'I was abducted by an angel?' It was partially true.
‘Oh, that? I got that for a photo shoot,’ Castiel replied. ‘Crowley needed a model with a tattoo of wings, and I volunteered.’
‘This is amazing! You’re completely mammal!’ Casitel said, unable to contain his excitement. ‘How long can you hold your breath? Is this the average size for fins? What about your coloration? Is this standard male color and patterning? What about the females? Do they match the environment more, or are they just as colorful?’
Castiel gave his brother a doubtful look. ‘You’ve never been in a documentary with Crowley. He is an absolute terror. He made three people quit when we were filming in the Caribbean. The cinematographer had to see a therapist after,’ he explained. ‘Just ask Balthazar. He worked on editing after we got back.’
‘Cas. Cassie. Hey, Cassie-belle!’ Balthazar tapped his glass on the table in front of Castiel to get his attention. He grinned when Castiel’s head shot up and the notebook snapped shut loudly. ‘Welcome back.’
‘Boxers first,’ Benny reminded. ‘Unless you’re goin’ commando.’
‘But, as you can already tell, Crowley always acts as a spanner in the works,’ Balthazar said with a sigh as Castiel demanded to speak with Jody. ‘This is only the beginning of what will no doubt be an amazing crash landing.’
‘Cuz you were laughing earlier…’
Dean was very proud at himself for keeping his panic from showing. Even Sam was asking what he was doing. He escorted Ms. Skrims towards the man. He was going to get himself killed. He just knew it.
‘Headshots? But…I’m not famous! I’m not going to
listening to me.’ Gabriel grinned as he pushed Sam’s shirt up and began kissing his way down. He moaned loudly as fingers gently ran through his hair and over his shoulders. He gave Sam’s shorts a tug with his teeth and chuckled when Sam reached down to quickly undo the button and fly. ‘Eager much?’
parties,’ Balthazar sputtered.
! How many times did I—?! I have to check rooms now before I enter them,’ Gabriel wailed.
happened?’
‘I figured I would just get up with you since you have an early start tomorrow,’ Sam replied.
Dean crossed his arms and cocked his head to the side. He gave Gabriel a smug grin.
Dean shook his head as he went back to looking over his revisions to the spell.
‘Yes,’ Balthazar bit out. ‘Clearly, that isn’t the case, but the evidence did not shine in your favor.’
‘Is it Balthazar?’ Gabriel quietly asked. ‘I can…make arrangements.’
Castiel breathed in sharply. ‘I won’t. I can’t. The cuff would prevent it. That’s the one thing you
‘What is it with you guys and glitter?’ Balthazar asked, looking between Sam, Dean, and Charlie.
Gabriel frowned and whined pathetically. He glanced over to where Charlie and Dean were—both bent over a phone and laughing. ‘What are you two doing?’ he asked, squinting in suspicion.
Gabriel raised a brow and grinned at Dean. 'Is that...?'
crowds, but I’m aiming for an audience that’s in this for learning, not just the humor. Don’t need you
'Right. Whatever,' Dean said dismissively. 'Let's split up and cover more ground. Just go after
Vous allez bies?: Are you okay?
‘Good for you,’ the demon said dismissively. He turned his attention back to Castiel. ‘Remove the trap, and let’s go home.’
Castiel’s stomach dropped. ‘Oh?’
‘Might not want Michael to know just yet,’ Dean suggested. ‘Think about it. Lucifer knows just where to find Cas. We’re already keeping him safe, so he doesn’t have to do anything. Not ‘til he needs Cas.’
‘Oh…yeah…
Dean edged along the pier to a corner, and Castiel followed. ‘I can see that...’ He glanced down to find his secondary fins completely splayed. He let go of the pier to push them down and dropped into water.
Gabriel spent the next two hours setting up devil’s traps, placing wards on the walls, doors, and windows, and locking every door, going so far as to prop a chair under the handle of a few. When he was finished, he grabbed a cereal box and a couple sodas and headed to the panic room. He struggled to pull the heavy door shut then pushed the old filing cabinet in front of it. He panted as he grinned at his handiwork. Then realized why his makeshift barricade wouldn’t work.
‘Yeah…I kinda use that term loosely,’ Gabriel admitted. ‘I don’t tell very many people that I can’t swim.’
‘Ye—no. In what sense?’
Castiel nodded as he poured himself a drink. ‘Tomorrow afternoon will work well.’
It was a nice, tourist-oriented restaurant that Balthazar had taken Castiel to. A beautiful view, a familiar menu, and an even more familiar wine list. It may as well have been a chain restaurant. At a small table for two sat Castiel and Balthazar, their dinner finished, and each nursing a glass of wine.
, and you never felt it was necessary to tell me you were arrested?
Crowley nodded. ‘It’s definitely one of the more defensible positions… Hard to get to if properly guarded. Even when you take the passageways.’
mistake, and now they’re all high and mighty about it. They’re worse than mermaids!’
‘Cas is gonna get in trouble,’ Gabriel sang.
a needle.'
‘No fucking way…’
He looked at the pointed talons that had ripped into so many of their brothers and sisters, dull and lifeless without any power behind them. His gaze followed the burning mane that ran the serpentine length of Seraphiel’s body and rested on the tip of the tail. A small, hollow space was all that remained of where Seraphiel’s blade had been held.
That certainly explained why Sam thought he had seen Gabriel before, and why Gabriel had become fixated on him. ‘He said we really hit it off…’
He opened his notebook and wrote out his small discovery in his makeshift shorthand, as well as a reminder to interrogate Dean. He pulled down his pants and wrote a reminder to check his notebook on his inner thigh. He didn’t want to run the risk of Crowley or Balthazar finding out. Not when he and Gabriel were the only ones that knew about the photograph.
Some dialogue lifted from S4E21.
‘God, I wish I had my calipers,’ Castiel said as his eyes roamed over Dean.
sorry!’
‘O-oh?’ Castiel stared down at Dean. He was used to his steady partners taking the more dominant role, and he never minded it. But, sometimes it was nice to feel his own cock buried deep within someone else. He had assumed that Dean was going to just take charge, but this was certainly a pleasant surprise.
Sam sat up and struggled to get into a better position. He slipped, squeaking in surprise and sending water falling out the tub. He grunted as he pushed himself back up.
‘Castiel, so sorry to intrude upon your fun—certainly wouldn’t be the first time—but where is… Oh…’ Crowley stared at the scene before him and didn’t even register the hiss from the cat walking between his legs.
‘Y-you! Get off him!’ Gabriel shouted as he went up to Dean. He grabbed Dean by the arm and dragged him away from Castiel. ‘Go! Shoo! You horrible, lying fish!’
‘Okay… We’re not telling them. Well, it’s okay if Lucifer finds out, but Mikey? No. Hell, no. He’ll blame me after he blames Lucifer,’ Gabriel said as he paced.
Dean doubled over in another coughing fit. He moaned loudly as he pulled his wings in tight. They hurt so much. It wasn’t the familiar burn of the fire. And it was much more intense than the last time they were sore.
‘Well, thanks,’ he eventually said. ‘You two go have fun. I’ll uh… I’m gonna go out.’
‘What?!’
‘I guess being “pure” has its perks?’ Dean said as he stood and held out his hand to Castiel.
,’ Dean said as he flipped over. He spread out his fins and flexed his spines. He looked over as Charlie whistled at him. ‘
your mate?’
Karen closed the door to the kitchen, smiling to herself. She saw Bobby enter the dining room and waved him over. ‘Listen!’ she whispered, nodding to the door.
Castiel eye twitched, and he nodded. ‘I understand,’ he said quietly.
‘I had to get the keys
Castiel held his wrist in front of his face and stared at the cuff. He turned his wrist over, examining every angle. It looked exactly the same. He looked up at Dean’s smiling face.
Castiel nodded and licked his lips. ‘I’m in love with a mermaid, and a mermaid’s in love with me. My life’s a fairy tale,’ he said numbly.
‘If the spell’s broken down enough, then…yes,’ Crowley explained. ‘We need to go on the offensive.’
Castiel? He looked over his shoulder, not catching the frown that crossed Anna’s face, and found Castiel standing awkwardly in the doorframe, a light blush creeping over his cheeks.
chase a school of fish and not run into shit!’
anything that was off. The only evidence that Lucifer had done anything to him was that he couldn’t speak one word of it Dean. And it was painful when Dean’s questions conflicted with Lucifer’s commands.
Things happened. Mistakes were made. Dean couldn’t keep up without giving himself away, so he made a Deal. And he paid dearly.
Dean sat up and obediently removed his shoes as he watched Castiel rummage through a dresser drawer. He pulled off his jeans and boxers, too, relaxing when he no longer had to deal with the constant contact of the cloth on his legs. He thought he had a good handle of how human sex worked, and Sam had even been so kind as to explain the merits and functionality of condoms, but he still had his doubts.
‘Please don’t tell me it was a camera,’ Balthazar said. ‘Those are
question…’
‘Half the chairs were on the wrong side,’ Dean said as he turned and headed back upstairs.
Gabriel swallowed and forced himself to move, the worry in Sam’s voice driving him forward. He entered the bathroom and found Sam sitting in the bathtub, partially turned and staring up at him apprehensively. He sat on the toilet and let his eyes travel over Sam’s chest and stomach, following the path of his tail as it curved over the edge of the tub and along its base. The fins moved slightly under his gaze, despite being pressed close to Sam’s body.
Meg glared at Anna. ‘You weren’t very nice to Clarence,’ she said quietly. ‘Your usefulness won’t last forever.’ She let go of the case and smirked at Anna.
‘Apparently they came up with a new binding cuff, voiding all the old ones,’ Ellen said, placing her hands on her hips. She looked straight into the camera. ‘You brought this on yourself, Dean Winchester. Dropping somethin’ like that without any warning. You made your bed, and now you can lie in it.’
. ‘Right. Here goes nothin’,’ he said as he stood.
As she told her story, Dean tried to figure out just who she was. Without her Grace, her powers were limited and her wings inaccessible. She claimed she Fell, becoming human. Dean refused to believe it. How did she become human? Why was
'But what if I never catch one?' Dean asked. 'Not that it matters. I don't know if I even want one anymore.'
‘How long do you think this’ll take?’ Bobby asked.
Gabriel had claimed ‘personal issues pertaining to a particular hotel employee that need to be sorted out’ as his excuse the day before. They needed to get his voiceover recorded for the episode, so Charlie could get the audio properly edited, and it had yet to happen.
Castiel sat back on the couch. ‘It’s not that bad,’ he said.
Gabriel raised a brow at his brother. He raised his right hand and pulled the sleeve of his jacket back. 'A little late for that,' he bitterly replied.
Dean rolled his eyes. ‘Well, if you’re not against it, let’s get drunk. It’ll be fun. The more ridiculous the movies get, the more drunk we’ll be.’
‘Um… Singer…Hotel? It was converted from a large house.’
‘Did you try taking it back to an older form? It looks like extra seals have been added over time, so…if we get rid of these,’ Sam said, crossing out a few sigils, ‘and these…then… There. That looks more like what the base spell should be.’
‘Benny…Benny
‘But there’s no guarantee that you guys will even find anything,’ Dean pointed out. ‘We don’t…
‘So like hitting a parked car,’ Castiel said with small grin.
Castiel frowned. It was true. Gabriel
The door that Sam and Dean had disappeared into opened, and Castiel breathed a sigh of relief. He caught Dean’s confused stare, and Dean smiled as he pushed past Sam. ‘I hope you haven’t been tormenting your brother,’ Castiel said when Dean stood in front of him.
‘You haven’t changed,’ Balthazar said quietly. ‘Still thinking with your cock.’
‘Cas!’ Dean made to follow, but a hand on his arm stopped him. He looked back at Anna and sent her a glare.
Balthazar was thrown against the wall as all the lights and windows in the house burst.
After three days, Dean was going insane. He couldn’t find anything. When he had finally managed to track down his original research, it turned out to be a dead end. He was growing frustrated, and snapped at everyone over everything.
Gabriel leaned against the door and banged loudly. ‘Bal. Balthazar! We need to talk.’ He looked up and grimaced at the annoyed look on Balthazar’s face when the door opened.
Dean awoke with a crick in his neck. He found that Sam was already up and ready to go, so he set to waking up the pair of angels. He hated to admit it, but Gabriel actually looked innocent curled up with Castiel.
Dean rolled his eyes as he got into the passenger seat. ‘Yeah, yeah. I got the file,’ he replied. He pulled a flashdrive from his pocket and waved it at Sam. ‘No thanks to you.’
‘Then we just say I’m like Sam,’ Dean replied. ‘Washed up on shore with no memory. Easy.’
else to reimburse me,’ Crowley replied. ‘I do some freelance work, and they’re possibly interested in getting Castiel to help out every once in a while.’
Dean looked around Sam’s room, trying to place what was different from the last time he had been there. Something was missing. He snapped his fingers, drawing Sam’s attention. ‘All those little balls! What happened to them?’
‘Never mind. I’ll change when we get back,’ Castiel said.
'On the porch,' Castiel replied. His eyes flicked between Karen and Bobby. His wings shifted under the quilt. He was holding it so tightly that his wings were feeling uncomfortable and constricted.
‘He means he takes better care of the cat than himself,’ Crowley explained. ‘Castiel tends to put others before himself. When he remembers.’
‘Let me get this straight: Castiel wanted to make a tape for me to watch when he was away on long trips?’
Azazel was going to make a move on Sam. Damage and corrupt him. Manipulate him into Lucifer's perfect vessel. It all centered on Sam's girlfriend. The date was coming up. How could he protect Sam? It would be suspicious if he suddenly popped up and killed off every demon on campus. It would draw too much attention from the demons. And if the demons were readying to make their move, then the angels wouldn’t be far behind.
get pie? Where's
Sam frowned at the towel and brought his eyes up to meet Charlie’s.
‘Who?’ Michael asked, worry creeping up his spine. There were a few of his and Lucifer’s employees who knew of Adam’s existence as a mermaid. The rest simply knew him as the odd, reclusive kid with the wild imagination.
‘Problem?’ Bobby asked.
His Czech wasn’t the best, but he got the gist: ‘Knock it off.’
believed in mermaids.
‘Stay away from me! Please!!’ Castiel stumbled and fell against the kitchen counter. His eyes fell on the wooden block that held the knives. He held his breath as he watched his own hand reach out and pull the large carving knife free. He shivered and clenched his eyes shut as a hand touched his shoulder.
Bobby frowned as he came closer. He crossed his arms and gave Karen a disapproving stare. ‘Thought you were above eaves dropping.’
‘Well, Castiel is a better choice than Crowley, and we finally have a way to rope him in.’
Gabriel bit his lip as he thought. ‘I think so,’ he said with a slow nod. He walked up to the door that led to the hallway and concentrated as he placed his hand on the latch. The problem would be finding everyone. A soft glow emanated from the outline of the door. He opened it, and, instead of the hallway, it now led to another dark passageway. ‘Stay here. I’ll be right back.’
Gabriel stared, slack-jawed, at his cameraman and film editor. ‘You have a sex tape of my brother,’ he said tonelessly. ‘You have a
‘Makeup. Uh…I don’t have everything that I would usually use, but…eye shadow, lipstick… Body glitter?’ Castiel replied, reluctantly mentioning the body glitter.
Crowley stared at Castiel as his mouth worked to form words.
Gabriel crossed his arms and frowned at Dean. His head tilted as he took in the little details. Mussed hair, swollen lips, blood seeping through the bandages on his hands, hospital gown bunched around his hips… He turned wide eyes to Castiel and looked over the man he thought of as a brother. There was a smudge of red on the lapel of Castiel’s over coat.
Sam read the text and couldn't keep the smile off his face.
Bobby didn’t bat an eye at the obvious baiting. ‘Lemme guess, you buy up small businesses and run ‘em into the ground. Put everyone out of a job.’
‘You look so happy,’ Dean said.
‘Don’t thank me, thank your Hunter and his brother,’ Michael said.
'I'm fine,' Castiel insisted. He gave Gabriel an uncertain smile. 'I'll explain the situation to Father.'
'You can fix the stairs, but you can't find a ghost?' Dean said, giving Gabriel a skeptical look.
‘No one else ever saw it that way,’ Dean grumbled.
Castiel mumbled.
‘Oh, uh… Sure.’ Castiel turned and slowly lifted his shirt and showed Dean the scratch.
Sam let out an irritated sigh. He looked to Gabriel, who crossed his arms in response.
‘Trust me, I’m being nowhere near as rude as a dolphin,’ Dean said as he held his hand out to Castiel and helped him into the tub.
,’ Gabriel growled. ‘Well? Which is it?’
Gabriel blinked and pulled a face as he tried to remember an angel named Lenore. His mind supplied him with a kind, old low angel that always smiled at him and gave him licorice. He frowned as he remembered when Crowley announced that she had been relocated. It was about the same time that Castiel’s right wing had been broken. For months, there had been a good chunk of missing feathers.
Sam shook his head. ‘He didn’t say. Just said he thought Cas’d be gone soon.’
‘I do
.-.-.-.-.
‘I don’t care,’ Sam said as he softly nipped at Gabriel’s neck.
‘Yeah… Did you get those shorts from the women’s section?’ Charlie asked.
‘Still rolling,’ Balthazar said.
'I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition,' was Castiel's almost smug answer.
‘Eyes forward!’ Anna shouted as she punched Castiel in the stomach.
He was currently going from site to site trying to find alterations to the binding spell. Nothing was coming up. He sighed and leaned back as he rubbed his eyes. Next to the keyboard sat a plate of food. Chicken, salad, and a small slice of pie. When had that appeared? Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Castiel on the floor, asleep against the computer desk. He smiled at Castiel and reached down to run a hand through the angel’s hair. ‘Thanks, Cas.’
Witch?! She has descendants?!’
He sighed as Castiel tried to lift his tail. He curled his tail in looked up. ‘How much longer?’
‘You will not push your fake emotions on anyone living under this roof. You will not try to sabotage any relationships that may be occurring under this roof. You are here as a body guard, not a babysitter. You will protect. You will not impose rules or restrictions. Castiel’s wings may be an unfortunate color, but he has been nothing but polite and kind. Even helped with cleaning up without bein’ asked. So, if I see that poor boy in tears again, and you’re to blame… Well, let’s just say you’ll be wishin’ you had wings for me to cut off.’
It was a beautiful January evening in Bora Bora. Clouds were slowly drifting toward the island as a lone observer watched from the edge of a small, weather-worn pier. He was a tall, young man with soft brown hair and hazel eyes. He was Sam Winchester, the mysterious man that had washed ashore three years ago with no identity and no memory. At least, that was what everyone on the island thought. He sighed as he crossed his arms, letting his gaze drift down to the water of the lagoon. His eyes narrowed as a dark shadow passed beneath the surface.
Castiel shook his head and pushed away from the railing. ‘No… It’s…it’s complicated. I uh…don’t deal well with conflict, and there is a lot of conflict looking for a set of keys on that boat.’
Dean ran a hand through his hair. ‘Well… I was kinda worried you were like the rest of your family,’ he admitted.
‘You’d think so, but angels are just as susceptible to Cas’s mood swings,’ Balthazar said lightly. He groaned in delight as he took another bite of meatloaf.
like camping out on the couch.
‘Just checking that I got everything and nothing’s too asymmetrical,’ Castiel mumbled as he turned his head from side to side. ‘It’s not easy with such a small mirror.’
'Wendigo's dead,' Dean said. He wanted to reassure Castiel that everything was okay, but the angel had managed to avoid any form of physical or verbal comfort. Dean had to be honest with himself, he was completely freaked out. He'd never seen that kind of power. He wanted to know how well Castiel could control it, but was too afraid to ask. What would set Castiel off? How safe were Sam and Bobby? If it came down to it, would the binding cuff prevent Castiel from hurting Dean? There was already
you even thinking?!’
Gabriel backed away. He had a feeling none of the other cars would work. They were stuck. Cas had to have had a clue as to what was going on. And Gabriel could guess what Castiel was up to. When he found his brother, he hugged him.
‘To lick whipped cream off his chest,’ Dean easily replied.
Pamela stepped in and turned back to face Dean. 'Can I make one request? In case we never see each other again.'
‘On your side?! After you tell me that?!’ Bobby shouted incredulously.
Ichthyo Sapiens in this case,’ Crowley warily replied. ‘Marriage, huh?’
Castiel stared at Dean’s hand. ‘I would never hurt your family.’
Karen’s warm smile never left as she spoke, which only served to disturb Anna even more.
get to play.’
'Karen, hi!' Gabriel greeted. 'How was the hunt?'
‘Thank you, Castiel. It’s too bad you don’t fully control your power,’ Lucifer said. ‘It was a pity what happened to Uriel. You could have saved him so much suffering…’
danger by those that wouldn’t want it to happen,’ Castiel pointed out. ‘You’ll get the new spell out there, and it will all pass.’
Gabriel sighed. As he trudged up the narrow stairwell to his small apartment, he wondered just what made Castiel decide to stay the night. Was he having a fight with his roommate again? Did another ex turn up, claiming they could fix him?
Benny rolled his eyes as another sighed drifted up from where Dean lay, sprawled out with his tail trailing in the water. It was too early in morning to be dealing with a love sick mermaid. He made his way to Dean and tugged the portable TV from the mermaid’s hands. ‘All right,’ he said as he sat down, ‘What’s wrong?’
Dean nodded and motioned for Castiel to follow him. Just before leaving the kitchen, he threw a glare at Gabriel. 'I'm watching you,' he warned the disappeared through the doorway.
. 70s. Disco. Great decade, even greater genre,’ Gabriel replied.
Dean frowned at Castiel. ‘You can do that?’
‘Yes,’ Castiel replied, trailing his hand down Dean’s chest. He bit his tongue when Dean lightly grasped his hand and began to kiss his fingers.
. We already talked about this the other day,’ Castiel said as he shook his head. ‘I just… I really need to speak with Dean. It’s important. It has nothing to do with our relationship.’
‘No one would touch me if I went on something like that. I’d lose all respect,’ Castiel said, letting go of Gabriel. Even though Gabriel was shorter, he was the stronger of the two. ‘What I’m doing right now is important. Why do you think Naomi wants it for herself?’
in your bag. I-I can’t let you keep it! Oh, my God…do you
Dean nodded. ‘Oh, yeah!
‘Disgusting,’ Crowley said with a sneer. ‘Do keep your
‘Oh! That reminds me,’ Charlie said as she turned her full attention back on Sam. ‘He came here with his wife, so…where
Castiel glanced back up and gave a shrug. ‘I just do what I’m told. I carry out my assignments to the best of my abilities.’
‘I…am not opposed to your fantasy, Dean,’ Castiel said, not looking away.
Gabriel’s grin faltered. ‘Um…the Tree Team double teaming? Sam…could you…er…’
useless! I can…I can take care of myself…’
‘But, no! I had to actually find something!’ Gabriel wailed.
He froze when he heard the door to his room open.
‘Competition? What, boat-boy?
Dean looked back up at Crowley. ‘Any idea how long he’s gonna be like this?’ he asked as he absently stroked Castiel’s leg.
Gabriel raised his head to glare up at Sam. ‘Just because he hasn’t been out much, doesn’t mean he has no libido and no imagination. Who do you think suggested we run away? It wasn’t me. I…I was all for him being locked away. He was happy enough watching stupid cartoons on the couch all day.’
‘Cas!’ Dean shouted, giving the angel a shake. ‘It’s
Dean looked to the sky in frustration. Angels were supposed to
‘Nostalgia,’ Charlie added. ‘When we were kids…it was… They were good times.’
'What's going on? What's wrong?' Sam asked.
Dean’s fins were spread out, and his tail lazily floated from side to side behind him. ‘No purple shells,’ he said as he looked over what Castiel had laid out. ‘And no uh… The fake scales you had on your legs. I wanna see
Castiel frowned in confusion. ‘I can’t answer that. I don’t understand.’
Castiel sat on the small cot in the panic room. Bobby and Karen had just left the day before to help a fellow Hunter with a job. He looked up when he heard a soft knock on the open door. Dean stood in the doorway, giving him a soft smile.
Sam frowned. He hoped it was something as simple as a genetic mutation. Maybe it was something recent, angels being born with darker wings. He followed Dean downstairs and into the kitchen.
Castiel hugged himself tightly. ‘I…I would…want revenge,’ he quietly admitted. ‘But, they wouldn’t do that. Sam would
Dean bucked up, and Castiel matched his thrusts with his finger. He squirmed as Castiel added a second finger and stretched him further. He thought for certain he was going to make Castiel gagged, but the man easily matched his movements, letting Dean fuck his mouth. ‘A-ah!!’ Dean screamed out as Castiel’s fingers pressed against his prostate. He clutched the sheets tightly and gasped for breath. He had no idea that it was so easy for humans to reach that special spot. You were a lucky merman if you had a mate that could reach it. Even Dean’s cock was barely long enough to reach. Most would just resort to using a fin, but fins just didn’t have the same dexterity that Castiel’s fingers held.
‘I think that’s the idea,’ Sam replied.
‘Uh-huh… I regret to inform you that Dean has just scored a point.’
Dean rolled his eyes. He played along, wanting nothing more than for the conversation to stop. Uriel threatened, and Dean called his bluff. And then, Uriel threatened Sam. Dean’s obvious weakness. So Dean 'gave in' and told Uriel where they were hiding. When Uriel finally left and Dean awoke, he considered Pamela's words. Maybe it
Dean blinked up at Sam. ‘You have two names?’
Sam shook his head in amusement as he leaned against the door. Eventually, Dean would understand some of nuances of human taste. ‘So what did you wanna talk about?’
‘Then we’d be friends,’ Charlie finished. ‘Nothing more. I don’t swing that way, and Freckles only saw me as a sister.’
He was eighteen when he obsessed over a young agent known as ‘Kali.’ It was great. They had passion. And then she found his collection of photos of her. He thought it better that she thought he was dead.
Dean rounded the corner and found a narrow stairwell. He growled in frustration as he pressed his back against the wall and slowly ascended the stairs. He quickly cleared the stairwell once he reached the top and let out a relieved sigh. So far, so good. He hoped his good fortune wasn't at the cost of Sam and Gabriel. About halfway down the hall, he heard the high-pitched tone, but was still not prepared when he was thrown against the wall then to the floor.
! If I
‘Nah, I asked Gabriel what was up with you.’
knows?!’ Gabriel shouted, pointing at Crowley. ‘They know and…and they never told me? Why wouldn’t they
Sam pulled Gabriel into a tight hug and kissed the top of his head. ‘We’ll keep it in,’ he promised. As he held Gabriel in his arms, he had to wonder just how Gabriel knew about the bloodspell. ‘You…seem to know a little more about the binding cuffs than I was expecting…’
he would keep Sam safe.
‘What?’
He looked down, following the length of Dean’s body and to the tail. From his position, he could just make out the edge of a bite mark. The striped pattern of the tail matched the odd skin tone patterns of Dean’s legs. ‘Oh, my God… This is real,’ he whispered. He looked back up when Dean clicked and whistled at him.
Dean snorted as he shook his head. ‘Nah, Benny’s a lot cooler than
that,’ Dean said as he jabbed a finger in Castiel’s direction.
He could not understand. Why did his Father make him this way? He was so completely devoted to his brother. Of course he would support him. Were his fellow angels that blind? Was he the one at fault for being made like this? For being capable of so much love and devotion? No matter how much he screamed and begged, his Father would not answer.
Some dialogue lifted from S4E10.
Castiel blushed more deeply. ‘Er, well… Yes. I mean… I-it’s more than that… His soul is pure.’
one sing.
‘Oh, go shave your legs!’ Gabriel snapped as he rolled his eyes and snatched up his notebook.
his stuff, too.’
‘I do so love your selective vocabulary,’ Crowley muttered into his glass of wine.
Gabriel had been picking at a loose thread on his sleeve the whole time. He stopped and looked up. ‘He’s blocked me,’ he said quietly. ‘These past couple weeks… I thought it was just him being stressed, but… I can see it in his eyes. He’s begging me to save him, and I
Sam cautiously entered the room. His eyes flicked to Dean, and he sighed in relief at the sight of his brother. ‘You’re okay.’
‘You were preoccupied. I thought I would help.’
‘Show me around the island?’
Gabriel thinned his lips as he stared at Dean. ‘And
Castiel barely pulled the phone away from his ear in time to avoid permanent damage. 'I...I don't believe that would be necessary... … Not as much as Gabriel. … Y-yes, Father. I understand. … I'll go find him.'
‘I wanna go, too,’ Dean said. ‘He saved our mom…he might be willing to help me and Sam out.’
'Okay, bad explanation. The truth of it is, you need to test the bond.'
Sam frowned at the reminder of one of the deaths Gabriel was responsible for. 'How long were you going to keep this from us?' he asked.
‘For…what?’
‘Please! Say “yes”! Please?’
Bobby stalked up to Crowley and snatched the book away.
Karen came fully into the entryway and went straight up to Gabriel. Before he could react, she engulfed him in a tight hug. 'Oh, you poor thing!' She stopped hugging and held him at arm's length, getting a good look at him. 'Just look at you! Skin and bones. Let's get you fed,' she said as she ushered him into the kitchen and forced him to sit at the kitchen table.
‘You shouldn’t exist! You…you change form! You grow legs when you’re dry, and scales when you’re wet! How is that physically possible?! It’s like...like magic! Magic does
Dean couldn't make his voice work. His eyes darted between the two hunters, then he looked down at the box next to his feet. He busied himself with sorting the amulets.
Sam frowned, and his eyes flicked to where the envelope sat, nestled in the small pile of Gabriel’s belongings. If Gabriel wasn’t assigned to him, then why did the agent have so many pictures of him? ‘Um… Gabriel?’
Samandriel didn’t look away from the screen as Anna got up and left, too engrossed with reading the story that went with the drawing. He quickly finished it and nervously chewed his lip as he stared at the open email. Anna would no longer be handling communication with Mr. Milligan. He forwarded the email to himself then logged out of Anna’s account and into his own.
Dean laughed at Castiel's statement. 'Yeah, yeah. God, I hope I was never like that,' he said, mostly to himself. 'Go on, get outta here.'
‘Uh-huh…’ Dean grinned wickedly as his fingers brushed over the silver cuff on Castiel’s wrist. ‘Cas? Turn over. Get on your hands and knees.’
expecting it.’ He shook his head in dismay. ‘Rather disappointing, actually.’
‘Cas ran off with some guy earlier.’
'No...it's not,' Castiel insisted.
'I thought you might like to know that Anna is...safe,' Castiel replied with some difficulty.
Bobby stretched, popping a few joints. 'Right. See you two bright an' early.'
‘Oh.’ Castiel pulled his phone from his pocket, wondering why Crowley hadn’t bothered to call him directly. He grunted in annoyance when he realized that his phone was dead. He looked back up at Balthazar expectantly.
Dean nodded as he shook out his hand. ‘I guess it’s just a motivation issue, huh?’
‘I’ve already been looked over head to tail by Gilda,’ Charlie replied with a big smile. ‘It’s…kinda fun to watch. I uh… kinda get off on nerdgasms,’ she admitted.
emotions through the link? ‘Um…a little bit before I came out…uh…d-did you…er…’ He stuttered to a halt, blushing lightly. What if he was wrong?  How could he ask without embarrassing himself? He forced himself to look up at Dean. ‘Were you really turned on?’ he asked in a rush.
‘Do not answer any of these. They’re already set up with voicemail, so don’t worry about it.
‘Why?’ Dean squinted at the cover. Why was the cover model male?
A small part of Dean wanted to let things run their course. If the apocalypse was going to begin any time soon, then letting Lucifer have his vessel would be necessary. They could team up against Heaven. Claim Earth and Hell as theirs. Hold off the angels with an army of demons and pagan gods.
‘You’ve been doing such a good job makin’ sure Dean gets fed, that you’ve completely forgotten about yourself,’ she said. She leaned down and kissed the top of Castiel’s head. ‘So eat up.’
‘I don’t know what you said, but I
‘Just one?’
Castiel shook his head with a sigh. ‘No. It’s me. It’s always…me. Apparently, he found out about…’ He trailed off, laughing miserably. ‘It was so
Sam sat on the edge of the pier, shaking his head. ‘He wasn’t in his right mind. You can do what you want with him when he’s sober. Er…in his right mind. Look, the fact that you were on top of him with your fins…’ He trailed off with a sigh. ‘You probably won’t understand this, but…he’s a marine biologist. He studies fish. If he were to find out about you…us…’
‘Because Crowley has a key to my room, and my idiot brother has a habit of not knocking,’ Castiel replied from behind Dean. He narrowed his eyes as he looked between Sam and Bobby. ‘According to Balthazar, you’re sleeping with Gabriel, so it shouldn’t be a problem. We’ll only be a few hours.’
‘Maybe we’ll get lucky, and he’ll strangle Azazel. Then we only have to worry about hiding a body.’
‘More competition?’ Sam asked, masking his concern for his brother.
Dean grinned and pushed his mate back against the mattress. ‘That’s fine,’ he said. ‘Gives me a chance to explore
Gabriel quickly looked away.
Dean stared at Castiel, baffled. ‘You…you know what a snipe hunt is.’
Balthazar’s hand came into view, and Castiel followed its path up. He held his breath as Balthazar reached out and cupped his cheek. His heart pounded rapidly in his chest, and nimble fingers ghosted over his lips. He opened his mouth slightly and moaned at the taste of Balthazar’s skin. A smile tugged at his lips. Maybe being stuck in Bora Bora wouldn’t be so bad. Instantly, the fingers were gone, and he focused on Balthazar’s face. He recognized the disappointed look. It was the same look he got when they had broken up.
Crowley looked to Castiel and raised his brow in question.
Dean slowed, but continued to edge closer. ‘Cas… That’s not you talking,’ he said softly. ‘It’s gonna be okay. I’m here now.’
Gabriel clicked his tongue. ‘It is if you keep running away,’ he replied. ‘C’mon out, Ice Queen. Third time’s a charm, right?’
Castiel flexed his wings and sighed. He had already drawn so much attention. At least there were no other angels at the truck stop.
,’ he said, holding up the disc, ‘is one big misunderstanding, and I won’t have him hating my brother over a present gone wrong.’
,’ Dean all but growled. He surged forward and claimed Castiel’s lips with his own. Teeth clashed, and Dean angled his head to gain better access to Castiel’s mouth. He winced but didn’t stop when Castiel’s hand came to rest on his side, calloused fingers brushing against his skin.
Dean grabbed a beer from the fridge and settled down to read a book. About halfway through his beer, the doorbell rang. He looked up, not sure if had heard correctly. No one ever visited. It rang again. He stood and slowly made his way to the door. Once he reached it, the bell rang a third time. He opened the door and cautiously peeked around it.
The front door to the bungalow opened, and Castiel sighed as he heard Crowley and Jody’s hushed voices coming from the entry. Sharp claws dug into his chest as Muffin turned to face the direction of the voices, and he frowned as a fluffy tail whacked him in the face. From what little he could gather, Crowley had somehow managed to convince Jody to steer clear of the living room.
‘Mmm?’
He made his way to the open door leading out to the deck and paused, leaning against the doorframe. Dean was smiling at Jody, completely engrossed in the tale of how she and Crowley had first met. On Dean’s lap was Muffin—happily sprawled out and kneading the hem of Dean’s shorts. Castiel smiled softly at the sight. How the hell did he manage to luck out with someone as understanding and loving as Dean?
‘So, it’s completely over between us,’ Balthazar said quietly.
‘Does Gabriel know?’
‘Nothing!’ Jimmy hissed as he tried to push Dean’s arm away.
‘Forgetting something?’ Balthazar asked.
Dean looked at Castiel and gave him a small smile. ‘Yeah… Uh, together. You and me… Er…boyfriends?’
Castiel stared as Dean turned his attention back to the movie. ‘
‘B-but I…’
Karen let the blades vanish. ‘Good choice.’ She looked back at Anna. ‘And that was your one warning, dear.’
‘See? I knew you wouldn’t be interested,’ Gabriel said proudly. ‘They’re a bunch of shark movies. Lotsa people dying left and right and getting eaten up by a large shark. I had to remind him what happened the last time him and Crowley made some poor shark attack victim watch
Castiel shrugged. ‘The longest relationship I’ve had since then has been three months,’ he said bitterly. ‘I just can’t keep them. And it’s not for a lack of trying! I try to be what they’re looking for. Any time it looks like it’s going well, it turns out they’ve met someone else or they can’t stand my cat. …Muffin!’
Dean stared back with a confused smile. He had heard the phrase before, but he couldn’t quite place it.
Lucifer shrugged as he crossed out what he had just written. ‘I would say… It’s worth the risk. Just don’t put him in a position of power, and he’s easy to deal with.’
Sam rolled his eyes and flicked at Gabriel’s ear.
human’s voice. He just wasn’t expecting his body to react as if courting a mate.
Meg eyed Anna for a moment before eventually nodding. With that, they headed off in different directions.
Castiel frowned at Dean’s train of thought. ‘Of course. I was assigned to you.’ His eyes narrowed and he tilted his head to the side. ‘You’re embarrassed.’
Dean huffed in annoyance and looked away. ‘Can you at least
'Then why ain't
Castiel felt a numbness overtake him as he looked around the yard. Sure enough, a few of the junkers were sporting fresh damage, and the kitchen windows were busted. ‘I didn’t mean to…I just got so…angry. Did I hurt you?’
… Some nicknames didn’t even make sense.
Gabriel stared at Sam, stunned.
He felt a tap on his shoulder. Dean clenched his eyes shut. Well, it was fun while it lasted. He sighed and looked over his shoulder. He shrank at the glare he received from the guard.
A good scrubbing later, and he was left staring at his reflection, wondering what he was going to do with his life. Now that he could think straight, everything slotted perfectly into place.
Castiel bit his lip and straightened. He turned to leave, but Dean’s hold tightened, and he soon found himself being pulled onto the bed. One hand rested behind his neck as an arm wrapped around his waist, holding him down. He stared down at Dean in shock. The drowsy look in Dean’s eyes was gone, replaced by wakeful clarity.
‘How about we agree that we’re all adults and no one needs to be threatened,’ Sam said. His eyes drifted back to Dean and Castiel, and he frowned as Dean’s arms traveled lowered on Castiel’s back. ‘Yet.’
‘Time for a test run…’ Dean stood and helped Castiel up. ‘Do you want to stay here, with me?’ Dean asked.
so special?’
‘You really like being in the water, huh?’
‘Thank you, but you don’t…’ Castiel trailed off as he watched Benny. He looked around the boat, seeing all the fishing equipment. ‘Can I hire you?’
Castiel looked around. No one else was in sight. They were lucky in that they were in one of the bungalows on the end of the long pier—away from the prying eyes of other guests. ‘I guess I can,’ he said as he set everything onto a table and began to undress.
Dean nodded stiffly, and Crowley let go.
‘I don’t know. I could ask Gabriel,’ Castiel suggested, despite knowing the Hunter’s answer.
Castiel let out a frustrated grunt. He was going to have to wait a whole day before he could properly examine Dean. He still had so many questions left unanswered. So many measurements to take. ‘All right. Well, I’ll be by later to take care of Muffin.’ He glanced at Dean as he hung up and frowned. ‘We won’t get the bungalow until tomorrow.’
Castiel spun around and pressed back against the car as much as he could. He could feel his cheeks heat up. ‘H-hello, Dean.’
Castiel offered an apologetic smile and shrug. ‘Hence the drugs.’
broken! I’m
Castiel shook his head and smiled at Dean. ‘I’m all right. I can manage this. You should continue your search.’
Castiel squinted at Charlie in confusion. ‘Why are you so interested? We barely know each other.’
‘Very.’
Castiel turned and faced Dean completely. ‘To the panic room,’ he replied. ‘It’s where I’ve been sleeping…’
Dean watched as Castiel scurried over to Gabriel's side. He could tell there was some sort of silent conversation going on with the way Gabriel's eyes kept flicking between him and Castiel.
? You’re one to talk, Charbroiled.’
Castiel looked at the cuff on his wrist. He liked Dean. What if...it really wasn't meant to be? The cuff hadn't broken yet, so he hoped he was already in the clear. 'Are there any other signs?' he asked.
‘I didn’t think to put the Hunter to sleep. I couldn’t focus with all the hatred and lies he radiated. But you…you don’t feel like that. He was the only human I’ve felt with such evil thoughts,’ Castiel quickly replied.
what was wrong. Everything could have been explained and avoided right from the get-go had Balthazar not been so rash. And he might have been trying
‘Out of the goodness of your heart, I’m sure.’
The door shut behind them, and Castiel pulled away, crossing his arms. ‘I let you have your fun. Let’s just…get this over with.’
Castiel glanced at Balthazar before looking back at Dean. ‘Well? Are
‘Sammy!’ Relief flooded through Gabriel at the sound of Sam’s voice. ‘You gotta come home! That was just too…too… I don’t wanna see you die again,’ he said quietly.
Castiel could feel the slight tug of the order, but he ignored it. After a few moments of silence, he met Dean’s eyes. He was taken aback by the absolute shock he saw.
'How about a job? Got a nice, easy ghost hunt for you boys to take Gabriel on,' Bobby offered.
After an hour of circling the island, Castiel cut the boat’s engine and dropped the anchor. In the distance, he could make out a small fishing vessel. Quickly, he stripped down and pulled on his wet suit, a simple black with blue running down the sides and along the seams. He pulled up the zipper along his back and sighed happily.
‘Lucifer and Michael are angels,’ Gabriel explained. ‘Archangels.’
Castiel shook his head and hugged himself, pulling his wings in tight. ‘N-no… No! I won’t!’
Dean stared at Castiel. 'Um...good job?'
Sam shook his head as he came up to Karen. ‘Hey, uh… Is it okay if Dean stays with us for a while? Just while he…settles,’ he asked, keeping an eye on Dean and Castiel. All the signs were there: the way Dean leaned toward Castiel, the tilt of his head, the slight smile… Dean was definitely on the hunt for a mate. ‘Or loses interest.’
'Not as such.'
Dean shivered and tightened his grip.
Castiel blushed lightly at the strong emotions he felt coming from Dean.
Bobby pulled at the door to the panic room, but it wouldn’t budge. He stood back and scratched his head. ‘It’s unlocked…why the hell won’t it open?!’
Crowley’s eyes shifted to Sam, who nodded curtly in response. His gaze fell upon Bobby and Karen. ‘Well? It has to be unanimous, and understand this: you
‘Then we better hurry along,’ Crowley said. He pointed to Balthazar and Meg. ‘You two with the Hunter and the missus.’
the producers? Those two brothers are more fucked in the head than you and Gabe,’ Balthazar exclaimed. ‘Fuck.
‘Where are you going?’
to be. That had to be the key. Like that stupid Tom Hanks movie. No wonder Sam had such lame excuses for not wanting to take a shower with him. Why didn’t Charlie tell him? Actually
‘Why not? They looked really cool! Especially the sparkly ones!’ Dean said as he picked up a book and flipped through it, pausing when he came across pictures.
‘Are you okay?’ Dean asked. ‘Can I see? Er…I get it if you don’t wanna show me.’
Bobby looked up from his computer, frowning. ‘I’m busy.’
‘But you’re allowed to do…this?’ Sam asked, gesturing to the table.
‘Mm. And what’s that?’
'Or you'll what?' Dean shot back as he pushed Gabriel away and entered the room. 'Flutter at me?' He brought his hands up and waggled his fingers.
Sam laughed and pushed Gabriel onto his bed. ‘Whatever makes you happy,’ he said as he crawled on top and pushed Gabriel’s shirt up.
Gabriel shrugged and dropped his arms to his sides. ‘And that’s why…I needed you to sign that waiver.’
Dean skimmed along the bottom of the ocean floor, staring up at the underside of Benny’s boat. Benny had asked him again what he wanted in return for helping. He already had everything he needed. A cave with a pocket of air, food, company… But what did he
Anna stared blankly at Karen. ‘…Slice? Slice what?’
Gabriel turned and blinked at Dean in surprise. ‘Oh! You’re awake?’
Castiel shook his head in amusement as he stripped down. His boxers came off, and Charlie whistled appreciatively.
‘I’ll wait for you to undress.’
It was true that a Hunter with a bound angel stood a much better chance, but that did not stop young hopefuls looking for excitement and adventure.
‘And tonight, we can just take this off,’ he said as he laid his hand on Castiel’s cuff.
The swift, clean movements of a well-trained killer danced before Dean’s eyes, wrapped up in a tan overcoat. One man already lay dead at Jimmy’s feet, blood seeping from a clean stab through the neck. A flash of silver, a strangled cry, and another body slumped to the floor.
brother.’
.-.-.-.-.
‘What? No, I… You’re the…the
work? From everything he knew, it was impossible.
‘You have to find somewhere else to stay!’ Sam said, hoping Dean would catch the urgency in his voice. ‘Here, come up to the house. We’ll get you dried off and let everything blow over.’
He could easily get back with Balthazar and pick up where they had left off. Hell, he still had the ring he had bought. Granted, it was probably covered in algae from its time resting at the bottom of his fish tank. But he would have to let Dean go. And soon. It wasn’t fair to Dean to string him along.
Castiel stared at Dean. ‘You…you still want to see me?’
'I ripped out my Grace,' she said.
Sam entered the room, looking around in confusion. ‘What was
Sam nodded and rubbed his arm self-consciously.
Castiel would have ignored the question, but he recalled his conversation with Dean from the previous night. That, and Balthazar was watching him. Closely. ‘He… I believe he is here in the capacity of body guard,’ he replied.
'With the damn apocalypse goin' on?!' Bobby asked, incredulously. 'Everything's comin' outta the woodwork! For all we know, this Seraphiel's gonna be the next hunt.'
‘It’s where he’s from,’ Castiel replied. ‘His accent. I’d say you’re…mostly Midwestern. Did you watch a lot of Westerns?’
Sam let out a sigh. At least it didn't seem like Seraphiel was helping Lucifer's cause. He promised Ruby that he would be careful and avoid the demon-angel at all costs. He was worried. Dean definitely had to know something. Did Dean run into Seraphiel that day?
‘Wait, we’ll need you tomorrow for filming, Cas,’ Samandriel said. ‘I know you wanna film on your own, but having a few shots of you swimming would be great.’
Sam frowned and looked away. ‘Gabriel’s right, Dean. Relationships don’t go well for compulsive liars.’
‘But I know Dean,’ Charlie replied. ‘He’s my friend, and I wanna know if he’s…’ She bit lip and made a few amusing expressions as she fought for the right word. ‘…Got a chance?’
‘I don’t know,’ Castiel moaned helplessly as he collapsed onto the bed. ‘I can’t tell if I’m digging a deeper grave or if I’m trying to start a threesome…’ A soft knock resounded, and Castiel pulled a sheet over his head. ‘Whoever it is, the invitation’s been revoked. Unless they’re both there, then… Well, I’ll think about it, but I have to watch them make out first.’
Gabriel shook his head. 'It's here...somewhere.' He bit his lip as he looked around. 'It's just...I've never done this before, y'know?'
Castiel turned bright red at the laughter coming from Sam.
‘Never doubted it.’
Castiel had the door partially open and was grinning nervously. His eyes darted to and from Dean, and he was blushing furiously. ‘Um… Yes. Uh…yes. I-I ordered that. S-sorry. Had to put the kid to bed,’ he stuttered. He tightened his grip on the door as Dean faced him with a bright grin.
They were talking and laughing and being gentle with each other. They were acting like mates. He had been expecting Balthazar to make every move and show Castiel what he was capable of. That was how it was supposed to go. They were not supposed to act as if they were already mated. He and Balthazar were supposed to show Castiel what they had to offer. They were supposed to bring Castiel gifts. Show him how good they could make him feel. Show off their hunting abilities. Show off their fins and put on a good show…
Dean opened his arms wide and grinned at the man in the tan over coat. ‘Liebling!’ he happily greeted.
Dean shrugged. ‘It doesn’t matter anymore.’
‘Well. I suppose I could think of worse options. You’ll have to fight Gabriel for him, but only if you want the show to fail.’
Dean leaned back from Jody’s intense stare. It had gone from a simple, intrigued look to completely enraptured. ‘Oh…kay…’ He wondered if there was some human custom he was missing.
Dean’s brow creased in worry. ‘What’s wrong?’ he asked.
Castiel looked back at Dean. ‘You knew…’
‘Is it a problem?’ Castiel asked.
Castiel wanted to hear Dean laugh again. ‘You just accused me of being a dick based on my family,’ he replied. ‘Why are you under the impression that I’m any different?’
‘Poseidon—’
Castiel got ready as quickly as he could. He grabbed the camera and jumped into the ocean. His heart was beating quickly with excitement as he let himself sink down. He breathed slowly, calming himself before he kicked out.
Sam shook his head, eyes still glued to the book in his hands.
‘And what do
Azazel sighed as he shook his head. ‘He received an email requesting his photo for the credits,’ he explained. ‘I already told him “no”, but he insisted on speaking with either you or Michael.’
been up to lately?’ Sam asked.
'S-Sam. Sam Winchester,' Sam replied, shaking Gabriel's hand.
Castiel stared at the mitt on Dean’s hand. Slowly, he curled his fingers into a fist. He tried to imagine a roll of quarters. He hoped game tokens would be close enough. That, he could summon with no problem. His fingers closed tightly around the new weight in his hand. He pulled back, kept his wrist straight and went for it with everything he had.
me. Go away. Shoo. Yes, well,
Bobby watched as Sam escorted Gabriel from the room. Balthazar entered soon after with Michael and Karen just behind, the small group of angels dissipated their summoned weapons when they saw Castiel. Michael nodded to Karen, and they quickly went to Lucifer, each taking an arm and lifting the unconscious angel from the floor.
.-.-.-.-.
Gabriel looked up and smiled widely. ‘You remember me?’
‘I don’t have to be in the water,’ Dean explained. ‘I could avoid it. Keep it to myself.’
Anna quickly made her way to Meg and tried to pull the case from her grip.
Castiel blushed lightly as he took another step back. ‘I…suppose I can do that,’ he eventually replied.
orders are to keep Castiel in that room,’ the woman replied. ‘I don’t know what Castiel thinks
soul.
‘Why would you tell
think you’re doing exactly what you want,’ Gabriel pointed out. ‘Especially now that I know about your
‘So…what’s it like?’ Dean asked. He reached out and tapped on Sam’s shoes. ‘Does it hurt?’
Dean reached out and wiped away the drop of blood making its way down Castiel’s arm.
He slid down the tree trunk and sat on the ground. He pulled his knees up and buried his face in his arms. Was this all part of a test? Was he even
Sam smiled down at Samandriel’s pleading stare. ‘It’s just as well,’ he said as he made his way to his bed and leaned over Gabriel. ‘I have a lot to do today.’ He kissed the man in his bed and laughed as arms latched around his neck. ‘Once you get your work done, come and find me.’
Castiel stared at his reflection in the dirty mirror. The group had stopped at a small truck stop on their way to the hunt. Half the car ride so far had been spent on the Winchesters' new favorite topic: arguing about Castiel's wings. Sam insisted Castiel should hide them and keep a low profile, and Dean just brushed off Sam's opinions. Gabriel had been commanded into silence by an irritated Sam, and Castiel would have preferred to have spent the ride in the trunk.
His eyes drifted across the crowd as Ms. Skrims went on about her mansion and the young men that worked for her. He could hear Sam in his ear, commenting on how Dean should accept the woman’s offer for a position. It would certainly make it easier to infiltrate her home and get more information.
‘Do you want help?’ Dean asked.
feel about this turn in events, Ash?’ the reporter asked.
Castiel met Dean’s eyes, staring forlornly. ‘If anyone was born to be a Hunter, it would be you and Sam,’ he replied. He shook his head when Dean opened his mouth to argue. ‘You may be a Winchester, but you’re also a Campbell. Every last one of them was born to be a Hunter. Including you.’
Castiel sucked on his lower lip as he stared at Crowley. Just how far was the other man going to go with his hints? He kicked Crowley’s shin beneath the table.
Gabriel’s head shot up. He had been expecting to be shot down. He stepped forward with a big grin and froze when his heel came down on something sharp. ‘Are you any good at digging out glass?’
‘Great! Cabana boy!’ Balthazar sauntered up to Sam and gave him a big smile. ‘Would you happen to know where you little brother is?’ he asked.
‘You said half-smote,’ Sam said. ‘Was it because he’s an angel, or do you think Cas is fighting Lucifer?’
have a hard time getting in there!’ His mouth snapped shut, and he leaned back, hiding behind Dean.
Gabriel laid his head on Sam’s lap. ‘They haven’t even known each other for a week, and Cas is already…ugh. The shit going on his head? Be glad you have no telepathic connection to
‘I’ll take it,’ she said. She shrank back at the glare she received from Sam. ‘For safe keeping.’
Sam sat on the edge of the pier as he watched his brother. Dean ducked under again, his tail following his path. Sam winced when he caught sight of the scars. He forced a smiled as Dean resurfaced.
‘I’m his
Dean stared at Sam doubtfully. ‘What’s not to like about sex?’
, Dean! Demons, vampires, wedigoes…everything.’
not helpless.’
For once, everything went off without a hitch. Sam was already pouring over the blueprints, and Dean had found a nightclub to party in. Dean had no recollection of how he made it back to his hotel room, so he deemed it a good night.
Gabriel tilted his head and stared up at Sam. ‘So you don’t mind? Not too weird for ya’?’
Castiel laughed softly as Balthazar explained how he, too, had been tricked into working for Gabriel. ‘You didn’t even try to fight it?’
Balthazar and Meg laughed, relating more tales of how Castiel would blow up at people for rearranging furniture.
Castiel rubbed his arm self-consciously and leaned into Dean’s hold. He hoped his father was right.
‘And he went in, guns blazing, for an
,’ Charlie added, nodding. ‘That’s a good one.’ She caught Castiel’s surprised stare and rolled her eyes. ‘I don’t discriminate when it comes to porn.’ She ran to the edge of the water and jumped out as far as she could. After a moment, she resurfaced, flicking her tail out of the water behind her.
.-.-.-.-.
‘Huh?’
Dean hadn't noticed that Anna had managed to procure her Grace from Uriel. As she screamed for them to shut their eyes, Dean watched her change from an empty shell to a full-fledged angel. Unfamiliar wings formed, and her holy essence burned through her mortal body.
'I take after our mom. Which is why I'm way hotter,' Gabriel replied, proudly flexing his wings. 'Wouldn't you agree, Sammy?'
‘Well, yes,’ Crowley replied as he nodded. ‘See, it would do me no good to kill off a small family of Hunters. That grabs attention. I don’t need that sort of attention. I need allies, not vengeful Hunters breathing down my neck.’
‘Kisses,’ Castiel replied automatically. Before he could correct himself or deny it, Balthazar had hung up. ‘Shit.’ He glanced down at Dean. ‘Sorry. I didn’t mean for that to slip out…’
,’ she clicked as she helped herself to another forkful of apple pie.
Sam’s shoulders slumped. ‘Well…the spell hasn’t been changed in…centuries. This is…it’s like a new discovery. We can make things better. For you, Cas, Karen…for all angels. No more hiding. No more being treating as less than human.’
wrong with his wings,' he said as he went and stood next to Castiel. He wrapped an arm around Castiel's shoulders and pulled him close.
Sam stared back, slack-jawed. Gabriel looked torn between outrage and laughter.
Crowley turned to face the others, looking at what he’d been reduced to working with. ‘Well, then. Let’s get to it, shall we?’
'But...'
The door to the dining room opened, and Sam came in, carrying a tool box. ‘Sink’s fixed,’ he declared. ‘Just…be careful with what you… What the fuck are you doing here?!’
Gabriel coughed and rubbed his neck uncomfortably. ‘Right. Um… Me ‘n’ Charlie are gonna start work on finding a soundtrack tomorrow morning. You wanna join us?’
‘Yeah… I know. Look, shouldn’t you be getting ready for your date?’
Benny stared ahead as his mind drew a blank. ‘Not a terribly ugly face,’ he said. ‘Blunt teeth. Fleshy cheeks. It made some really annoying sounds.’
Sam watched the display, just as bewildered as Dean. The door opened and Sam turned back to face an older angel with pale brown wings. The angel grinned at him before searching out Castiel and Gabriel.
‘Lifespan!’ Castiel repeated. ‘How long does your species generally live?’ he asked as he ran his fingers over Dean’s scales.
Karen looked up from her magazine as the bell on the lobby door chimed. She smiled as Castiel and a young man she didn’t recognize entered. ‘Change your mind?’ she asked.
Dean nodded listlessly. 'Sure.' He didn't want to admit it, but the whole situation was making him depressed. Bobby had Karen, a High Angel, and now Sam had an Archangel. It would be fitting for him to end up with a crummy Low Angel. Maybe it would be better if he never caught one.
The main door opened, and Balthazar and Anna entered the lobby, still conversing.
Dean stiffened and tried to back away from a calloused hand that slowly caressed his cheek. The hand left and was replace by the cold sting of metal.
Dean watched as Crowley left. After a few moments, the front door slammed shut, and Dean sighed heavily as he looked up at Castiel. ‘I’m gonna drop into the water, okay? Don’t go anywhere. I’ll be right back.’ He waited for Castiel to nod before going to the opposite end of the plunge pool. He hoisted himself onto the edge and ducked under the railing.
.-.-.-.-.
‘How do you
be the one to reject
‘Not my fault you can’t hold your liquor,’ Gabriel replied with a shrug.
‘We went to some of the same…parties,’ Castiel replied. He could feel his face heating up. In all honesty, he couldn’t remember if really had slept with any of the three Kismet sisters.
him?'
Dean pushed Castiel back onto bed. ‘Yeah, a little peacock showing off his pretty tail.’
‘So Cas can wear them. Like a…uh…a thing,’ Dean replied, miming a necklace. ‘I saw a bunch of humans wearing them.’
Sam frowned at Gabriel as he stopped moving. ‘Are you okay?’ he asked. ‘Gabriel?’ His brows rose in surprise as Gabriel’s cheeks flushed brightly before he hid his face behind the bed.
house!
Gabriel looked up, his expression torn between disgust and worry. ‘Uh…’
Dean finally found Castiel hiding out in one of the far corners of the junkyard. He was sitting in the passenger seat of an old junker that rested on top of several other cars. Dean carefully climbed up the pile of rusted metal and pulled open the door.
Sam shook his head fondly. For the past three months, Gabriel had kept his word and called each time before showing up with food.  ‘That sounds great.’
‘It’s complicated,’ Anna replied with an embarrassed huff.
Some dialogue lifted fromS5E10.
Charlie giggled as she rolled onto her front. ‘He means that there are a lot of animals out there where the girls are camouflaged and the boys are flamboyant,’ she explained. ‘Not us, though. We’re
. Poor kid almost had a heart attack!’
‘Cas, what—oh!’
Sam blinked in surprise and looked from Castiel to Dean, who gave him a lopsided smile and an apologetic whistle. ‘I uh…thought that just jumping into the ocean would work. Show him, y’know?’ he replied. ‘I figured the best way for him to believe me would be to see all of me at once, so… I didn’t mean to make him think I had drowned! I just…wanted him to jump in, too. And see for himself, and… I lose track of time underwater. I may have been down there for about ten minutes for all I know.’
‘What?’ Sam felt a numbness overtake him as he sat down.
He broke out the beers during a short break in driving. Anna had been a painful reminder of what he had lost and would never regain. In between beers, Dean chose to tell Sam about his time in Hell. If Sam could accept Dean for what he'd done in Hell, then maybe he stood a chance of being forgiven for his other crimes.
Dean and Charlie shared a look, and Charlie gave a short whistle and a shrug.
Castiel looked around the cabin, not moving from his spot on the rug. With a thought, the room was restored to its former glory. He looked back at Dean. ‘I suppose I could do that, but wouldn’t you rather enjoy the atmosphere?’
another person, but I have seen one fist fight,’ Sam said, rubbing the back of his neck. ‘One guy might’ve owed the other money or someone slept with someone’s wife or…both? It was close to when I first got here, and I hadn’t picked up on the language just yet.’
'Then what's wrong?' Sam pressed, but his question went ignored. He decided it probably had something to do with Castiel's previous attempts at flirting. Dean must have said or done something to scare Castiel off. Sam hoped they would figure out their problems soon. A bound Hunter and angel that didn't get on would only lead to disaster.
Sam lifted the end of his tail, and Gabriel’s eyes followed its movement. ‘Yeah… Um… Sorry about earlier,’ he said.
'Y-You... How...?' Sam stuttered.
‘I…thought you didn’t want me around anymore,’ Castiel replied. ‘You seemed angry with me.’
‘Well, I’ve never seen anyone try to
Balthazar stared at Castiel in silence. He couldn’t tell if the other man was lying. ‘What…happened?’ he asked haltingly, not quite ready to believe a word that Castiel said.
‘To get what’s left of the light bulb without hurtin’ yerself on broken glass,’ Bobby replied as he twisted the remnants of the bulb out of the socket. He tossed the bulb into the trash and took one of the new bulbs out of the box Castiel carried. He screwed it in, replaced the shade, and plugged in the lamp.
matter,’ Castiel insisted. ‘I still want to do this, but there will just have to be some sacrifices made. Mainly, I’m not going to attempt swimming in that skirt.’
tranq you, but you’re more useful awake. Painkillers. Now.’
is gonna be
finally break,’ she pointed out.
Sam frowned over his shoulder at the partially open kitchen door. ‘Thanks,’ he dryly replied. He turned back to Gabriel. ‘I thought you were doing interviews?’
‘What’s that?’ Dean asked, pointing.
‘It’s just that…having a Low Angel to test the new spells on would make this easier. And I think Cas being half demon is mucking up the spells,’ Sam explained.
‘Paintings? I didn’t know you painted,’ Sam said as he came up behind Gabriel.
know what to say to piss
Jimmy adjusted his hold on his knife and tilted his head slightly. ‘An angel,’ he replied.
‘Er? Cas? Babe?’
Both human and angel sat in awkward silence for a long time. Dean relocated to one of the beds and turned on the TV.
‘Not your fault.’
‘Archangels used to be immune to the cuff’s pull,’ Lucifer stated. ‘They changed that when they decided they wanted something more powerful at their beck and call. They’re the only ones that can change it, Castiel. It’s in their blood, and you know it.’
Castiel silenced Balthazar with a kiss. He left smaller kisses as he pulled away slightly. ‘Not invited?’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Bet he looks awesome,’ Charlie muttered. ‘I-I mean… That’s awful. It’s really awful, but I bet his fins look cool.’
‘Huh.’ Dean thought back to the past week. If anything, Castiel’s lies were harmless misdirection. As he thought more on it, they were actually a little manipulative. Castiel seemed to ask the perfect questions to get Dean to suggest the next set of movies they would watch. He gave Gabriel a worried look. ‘He’s not like Lucifer, is he?’
‘That’s good, I hope,’ Dean said, keeping the sudden distress out of his voice.
Dean wracked his mind to remember everything Sam had told him. ‘Is Sam Winchester staying there?’
They followed the hall and eventually found a door leading them to the cellar.
Dean's breath caught at the sight. Castiel's wings had been singed and damaged from the journey to and from Hell. They were the color of the night sky and shimmered with hints of deep violet and green. They certainly seemed to be healing quite nicely.
Sam laughed, trying to imagine Charlie attempting to escape discovery. From his own experience, learning to walk wasn’t the easiest thing. He was lucky in that no one had seen his first steps. ‘So what happened?’ he asked after he caught his breath.
Gabriel groaned in annoyance. 'Stop moping. You're giving me a headache,' he complained.
‘It could be any combination of factors. I…I’m certain I’m a large part of the reason,’ Castiel quietly admitted.
tail was undesirable… Ariel’s tail was short, one color, and lacked spines and fins. ‘She’s very…plain looking,’ he said politely.
‘Is there something I can get you?’ Bobby asked. ‘Within reason.’
'Y'see, he has this weakness... He
Some dialogue lifted from S5E17.
gloating behind Balthazar. He realized he was glaring and quickly looked away as he hefted himself on board.
‘My what?’ Dean dropped back onto his elbows as he stared up at Castiel.
‘And suiting up,’ Charlie added, jabbing her elbow into Samandriel’s side.
‘Dean?’
Castiel shrugged. ‘I’m not dead yet,’ he said. ‘It’s the love spell that doesn’t work.’ He grimaced and mentally berated himself for mentioning the spell.
‘Sorry! Sorry!’ Charlie said as she scooted along the wall. She had a small bag and a towel in her arms.
‘Clothes… Dean, you don’t…’
Surprisingly, torturing souls came easily. He had a natural talent, as Alastair was quick to point out. After the first few souls that looked at him in hope of being rescued by an angel, then in such anguish and betrayal when he started on their flesh, he couldn't take it. So, he took to hiding his wings. Kept them safely tucked away with Grace. No one else would learn of his true nature. He would just be another wayward soul on the path to becoming a demon.
‘It’s true,’ Michael said. ‘You and your brother share your mother’s light. You’re both pure souls. You especially, Dean.’
Sam's eyes flickered over to Gabriel before focusing back on the dust cloud. He heard coughing and a familiar voice cursing. 'Dean!'
He sat at the empty seat with his hands in his lap. ‘Sam… Can you uh… How was your day?’
Gabriel giggled and lightly stroked Sam’s sides with his wings. ‘Mmm…’
Dean munched on the food as he began a new search. He decided to focus on the evolution of the spell. At least that turned up results—mostly museum pieces of ancient binding cuffs.
'Um, what happened?' Dean asked, mentally reminding himself that the binding cuff would protect him from anything Castiel could potentially do to him.
,’ he replied.
Benny crouched next to Dean and pulled a shirt from his unresisting hands. ‘Tags go in the back. Rough seams go on the inside. These,’ he said as he lifted up a pair of boxers, ‘go under pants and shorts. If you’re wearin’ socks,’ he lifted up a pair of socks and turned them over in his hands, ‘this is where your heel should be.’
When Crowley stood, declaring they would adjourn to the bungalow for dessert, Gabriel felt sick to his stomach. He followed along, dread growing with every step down the long pier lined with bungalows. He felt like he could use another drink, but with how unsteady his steps were, he figured he'd be better off sobering up.
‘I know your body…intimately,’ Gabriel replied as he crawled into Sam’s lap.
‘Other than letting him be on
'I will be fine. Thank you for your concern, Dean.'
Dean stepped back and flew off before it was too late. Before Castiel could reel him back in.
.-.-.-.-.
Gabriel grimaced as he shrugged. ‘I’m just the messenger.’
Lucifer stood, shaking his head as he watched the young merman work. He looked over his shoulder when he heard the crunch of someone walking up the small, gravel path to the lake. ‘Michael. So good of you to join us.’
Dean nodded. ‘She didn’t really ask about us as an item, though.’
Behold! The fic I got back into writing with. And as such, you'll see me commit some mistakes and strange writing choices. In my own defense, it's not awful, but there is a lot of telling. Especially when I wanted to touch on an episode's theme, but not lengthen this thing even more than it needed. Also, I’m going through and attempting to fix the head hopping (which I have a bad habit of doing).
‘What? Of course I still wanna see you, dumbass! Your brothers might suck, but I’m not afraid of them,’ Dean explained.
will,’ he said.
Sam looked over his shoulder at Dean, frowning. ‘Reward system?’ A cough from the bed caught his attention. Both Castiel and Gabriel were blushing brightly and trying to look anywhere but at the pair of Hunters. ‘O-oh…right. That…explains a lot, actually.’
‘That’s okay. I have enough belief for both of us!’ Gabriel closed the laptop and picked it up off the desk. ‘Now, hurry up and get packing! We leave for Bora Bora in the morning. This is gonna be so much fun! Should we call it a sea serpent or a sea dragon? ‘Cuz the eye witnesses have been calling it both.’
do,’ Dean said, cutting Castiel off. ‘Especially when I’m this low… I can’t power my body on my own.’
Castiel closed his eyes and tried to deepen the kiss, but Dean moved away. He sighed before opening his eyes. ‘Alright,’ he agreed and followed Dean.
John would go hunting on his own, slipping out and leaving his boys with little more than a note. Sometimes, they would be left with another hunter. Dean knew what he was hunting for. Information, leads, anything on the Yellow-Eyed Demon. On Azazel. How easy would it be for him to tell John everything he knew? A name. But he couldn't. He was in it for the long haul. He had to be a good son. A good brother. Unlike before. He couldn’t betray his new family like that. He was happy enough.
Crowley rolled his eyes and made to turn away, set on finding entertainment elsewhere.
Castiel looked up at Dean. ‘You don’t understand,’ he explained. ‘The Colt can kill
‘It takes us down to about half power,’ Meg said. ‘Big surprise the first time you lash out and find your attack didn’t do what you wanted…’
Castiel rolled over and propped himself up on his elbows, glaring up at Dean. ‘It makes me feel better,’ he said petulantly. He pulled his legs into the bed and sat up. He sighed loudly as he slouched forward and stretched his wings out behind him as Dean sat next to him.
Dean could feel the tension building. He still didn’t quite trust Crowley, but he really liked Jody. And if she could put Crowley in his place with just a few words, then that was all right by him. Even if those words went right over his head. He glanced at Castiel and frowned when he saw the panicked look on Castiel’s face. ‘Cas? You okay?’
‘Well, if you had hit me up a little sooner, I would have given you a goodbye fuck, but we’re past that point,’ Castiel said as he pushed off the railing.
, Bobby. Ain't too many of them running around. He doesn't even
‘He’ll be right as rain in the morning,’ Crowley replied. ‘Close to okay in a few hours. I wouldn’t leave him unattended, though. The more he talks, then better he gets. He just needs to work it out and get some sleep.’
‘Hey, worse comes to worst, we’ll just skedaddle off into the ocean,’ Charlie replied.
‘I saw my mom there,’ Dean said with a tight voice. ‘And…it was…perfect. She…she was there…waiting for me. And… Oh, God, Cas!’ He pulled Castiel into a tight hug as his tears spilled. ‘She looked so beautiful and happy… And…and everything was wonderful, and I didn’t wanna leave…’
'Goodbye, Dean. I will return when I have time,' Castiel promised. Before flying off, he tenderly stroked Dean’s Grace and felt the small bursts of elation and worry.
‘What…?’ Dean glanced around then covered his head with his arms as the bulbs broke and the window shattered. ‘What the fuck?!’
‘We have all the time in the world,’ Dean said reassuringly. ‘There’s no rush. Hell, I’d actually rather do our mating in the ocean or in a lake or something. That pool smells weird. And you still smell like it.’
’ Dean asked with a concerned whistle.
Castiel groaned and sank to the ground. He tried to fight the order, panting as his wings slowly spread out. He let out a choked sob as the pain stopped, his wings fully extended. He curled in on himself, feeling exposed.
for writing short stories to go with each piece he drew. He looked at the dining room entrance when he heard laughter and frowned at the sight of Castiel carrying a brightly colored Hawaiian shirt and looking happier than he’d ever seen his brother in a very long time. Behind Castiel, Dean and Sam followed. Dean was wearing only a pair of jeans, and Sam looked extremely put out.
There was a soft knock on the door, and all eyes turned to see Anna enter the room. She silently made her way to Dean’s bedside and hooked up an IV drip. She then swabbed his arm then injected him with the fentanyl. As she pulled away, she picked up the IV tube. She twisted the tubing between her fingers while staring at Dean.
As requested: What about Sam and Gabriel?
‘Leave me alone!’ Castiel shouted, sending out a burst of energy.
Dean chuckled and shrugged. ‘Hey, uh… It’s okay, I uh…’ How was he supposed to explain that he didn’t understand just how humans mated and fooled around? ‘I don’t normally pick up strangers I dragged out of the water.’
‘No, there isn’t,’ Gabriel insisted with a blush. ‘It’s an empty void where hopes and dreams go to die.’
!’ Castiel cringed as Lucifer lightly touched his cheek.
Gabriel relaxed minutely and nodded. ‘Thank you.’
.-.-.-.-.
'I fell through the floor,' Dean deadpanned.
‘Whatcha lookin’ at?’ Gabriel asked as he left the bathroom. The only thing he wore was a towel wrapped around his head. He made his way to Sam’s side and looked at what the taller man was holding. His mind went blank. No one was supposed to know about the photograph. He said the first thing that came to mind.
Sam waited patiently for Gabriel to continue, gently stroking the soft, golden feathers.
‘Guess you probably sleep like a dolphin…’
Karen entered the living room, holding a phone. ‘Is it okay if Ellen tells everyone the good news?’ she asked giddily.
'What the fuck, man?!' Gabriel shouted. 'Did you ask
Sam slowly walked towards land, hyper-aware of the soft splashes beneath him. ‘I guess… Uh… Is there anything in particular you’re looking for?’
Castiel’s stomach dropped, and he felt a numbness settle over him as he stared at Lucifer in horror.
‘Not possessed. Just a demon,’ Crowley replied.
Castiel nodded as he disentangled his hands from Dean’s.
‘P-pet them… Squeeze them… Your fingers feel so good when you comb…comb through…ah!’ Castiel’s arms gave out as Dean’s fingers combed through his feathers. ‘F-feels…oh! Yes…good… Don’t ah…don’t stop. Want you to…to ah-ah! Under…oh, fuck! U-under… There! Yes!!’
Gabriel suddenly stopped his interior decorating, and ran to a corner of the room. 'Here! She's right here!' he exclaimed, pointing at the dirt floor.
He loved receiving Balthazar’s attention. Loved that it was almost as if nothing had happened. But he had already moved on. Having the old thrill back was more than nice. The easy way he got on with Balthazar. Balthazar’s hands roaming over his body… Before they had reached the hotel last night, they had been distracted by each other on several occasions. More than once, Balthazar’s hand had found its way into Castiel’s jeans.
Dean crouched down and licked his lips as he stared at the words. He could make out some of the letters now. ‘Looks real pretty… But uh…I think you need to work on your S and M.’
Castiel silently went around the room, opening drawers and investigating every corner. Maybe if he familiarized himself with the room, it wouldn't be so bad. He made it to one of the nightstands and slid open the top drawer. It was full of condoms. He couldn't bring himself to look away.
‘No…you’ve only been
? Don't you think you could do a little better?' Dean asked. 'Maybe aim a little
‘If he even remembers,’ Sam pointed out.
Michael nodded, letting a smile form. ‘Never with anything truly important. Just with small things.’
‘Know what?’ Dean demanded.
‘You seem to be taking it well,’ Gabriel commented as he went back to his spot on the bed.
Sam stared at Gabriel. ‘That’s what this is
know what it is,’ Gabriel softly replied. ‘I don’t wanna show it to anyone else yet. In case I
'I hadn't realized at first,' Castiel admitted. 'No one had ever really explained the process to me,' he said as he fingered the cuff on his wrist. 'I imagined it would be made of iron and much larger. But this, this is nice.'
‘Wish I knew when we were still together,’ Balthazar said quietly, giving Castiel a smirk.
and not
'They shouldn't have done this to you,' Castiel said, his voice laced with sadness.
With a shaky breath, Castiel looked away.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed as he tilted his head in confusion. ‘Innocent? About what?’
Castiel stared at his surroundings. He was in his father’s private archives. The room was normally in pristine condition, but now…now papers, books, and artifacts littered the floor. His father was going to be angry when he found out. He startled when a hand touched his wing.
.-.-.-.-.
They had been out for almost an hour. Sam would point out areas of interest every once in a while and tell Gabriel about the local rumors and legends surrounding the atoll.
‘First show you were on,’ Karen confirmed. She pulled out a small stack of papers and set them in front of Gabriel. ‘I also need you to sign these…’
wanted to. He missed being in the water with another. Having his fins lightly stroked as he floated leisurely. Even if the confinement of a bathtub was a far cry from the ocean, it was still better than nothing. ‘Maybe some other time,’ he said. He sighed at the disappointed look he received. ‘But I’d be more than happy to spend the night with you.’
Castiel slowly turned his attention to Benny. ‘What do you think you’re doing?’ he calmly asked. He frowned as he noticed that the man held a gun. He met Benny’s eyes and raised his chin in defiance. ‘Threaten me all you want. I’m blowing you’re little scheme out of the water. My brother may be an idiot, but I won’t have
Jody rolled her eyes as she moved to the edge of the pool. ‘We’re going on a hike tomorrow,’ she said, ignoring Crowley’s groan. ‘Did you want to join us?’
Gabriel’s eyes ran along Sam’s tail, plotting where Sam’s legs would lie. The only problem was…legs didn’t bend like that. But a tail would. And the tail was just a foot away from him. He whimpered and scooted away. Something blocked his escape, and he glanced up, finding the door leading below deck. In one quick movement, he opened the door and slipped below.
‘Over three years.’
The wendigo was a lot closer than he was expecting. And getting much closer very fast.
That evening, Gabriel stared at Sam from across the table. They sat in a dimly lit corner of a small, local bar. The walls were littered with stuffed fish of every variety. Behind the bar, hung a large sword fish that Gabriel’s eyes kept drifting to. Normally, he didn’t go to the small, hole-in-wall bars and restaurants. That was more of his brother’s speed—whatever was closest to his current location. If he had to choose between a dive bar or an Applebee’s, he’d go with the Applebee’s.
Balthazar seemed to have hated him for so long, but now… Now, he didn’t know what to do.
Karen huffed and released her blades. ‘Very well. He remains in the devil’s trap, and he is not allowed to have any meals,’ she instructed as she turned on her heel and made her way into the study. Her wings were spread wide in agitation and whacked Dean in the chest as she passed.
‘Makes him happy,’ Lucifer replied before lowering his voice to a whisper. ‘And it’s distracting him from wanting to join the dating pool.’
‘I believe
‘Maybe if you did
‘Yes and no.’
'It's genetic,' Gabriel added.
Dialogue lifted from S05E01.
‘One week. You haven’t been here that long. Just give me one week to figure something out,’ Dean pleaded.
‘Crowley—’
Castiel reached out for Seraphiel’s Grace and tightly embraced it. ‘No,
‘Because Michael and Lucifer know about your kind! What would they do if they found out about you?! You have no background, no paper trail… They have connections. If anyone could spot a forged identity, it’d be them!’ Castiel stood and began pacing back and forth in front of the couch. ‘They’ll find out it’s all fake, and then they’ll dig deeper!’
‘Maybe,’ Castiel whispered. ‘But…’
Samandriel raised the clapper. ‘Opening take two…’
‘Come now, Castiel. You know he’s changing. He’s not causing as much mischief as he used to.’
Castiel shrugged as he stared at his lap, fixating on his left wrist. He rubbed at it and sighed.
Karen smiled warmly and raised both hands. Delicate, silver blades materialized. ‘Everything,’ she replied. ‘I also slice a mean turkey.’
Gabriel stared at the front of the hotel. It looked like a house that had been converted into a bed and breakfast. He looked back down at the piece of paper he held in his hand. It was the right address. The name was right, too. Singer Hotel.
,’ Dean grumbled.
He remembered how it was easier for Dean to transform with his tail laid straight. He stood and joined Dean on the landing. Leaning down, he looped his arms under Dean and tried to drag him up a few steps, stumbling in the process.
Picked out a name for Gabe and Cas's mom. 'Only angel with a feminine name' –Wikipedia.
‘That was a direct question, Castiel! You can’t… You
!’ he said, motioning between himself and Dean. ‘I mean, you’re a
Castiel smirked and nodded slowly. He giggled as Dean swooped in and began attacking his stomach with soft kisses, working his way up. The giggle turned into a keening moan as the cuff rewarded him for gaining Dean’s attentions.
‘Oh, nothing,’ Castiel assured Dean. ‘I believe there was an error in communication…’ He quickly vanished into the kitchen.
Dean leaned toward Castiel, but was stopped by Castiel’s warm hand on his forehead. He felt the familiar pulse from before and frowned.
'No!'
Gabriel watched the door for a moment before walking over to Sam’s side. He looked down and swallowed at the sight. With a wave of his hand, Sam disappeared and the knife clattered loudly to the floor.
