Since a happy childhood memory in his life was rarer than Steve getting a dirty joke, he cherished it. And he tried to revive it every single time. This usually involved over the top presents, an eight-course menu and decorations worth a Lamborghini every year. Since 2013, he would celebrate Christmas Eve with the team. Everyone besides Clint of course. He preferred celebrating with his family and really, no one had objections. They would eat a nice dinner, watch a movie and afterward exchange presents. Opening them on Christmas, they had decided, was for children anyway and they would be able to handle getting them a day before.
There was also an annual charity ball on the 14th of December. It had gained popularity in recent years, especially for people in Europe, and last year he had even gotten an approving look from Bill Gates. Although most of the people still thought he would merely do this to relieve his conscience and save his black throbbing soul – after all he was still the former merchant of death – it didn’t matter because it was about helping other people, people in need. About peace, charity, and the Christian values his mother had taught him. Of course, he only pulled those out in December; he wasn’t really religious anymore. Too much had happened. But it didn’t matter, did it? Not when the results were that stunning: Every year they donated for something else and it seemed like people were more engaged in donating if Tony was the host of the party. The rest of December he spent on other charity events. In that month, he spent most of his time anywhere but in the lab, a sharp contrast to his normal routine of working until he would pass out eventually.
“Okay, it will be shocking for you and a revelation for your stupid little presents policy but try it with a new sketchbook.” He shrugged “Steve loves to draw. I mean, I’m sure you already know that one.”
Tony blinked a few times, surprised. So he did like it. last year he had gotten him a whole atelier to draw and paint. Steve had smiled and had been genuinely surprised. But then he had told him that he actually preferred drawing outside or in the conference room between appointments. It had been a bit unfortunate, alright, but they had given the room another use and had turned it into a cinema room. Both of them enjoyed movies and while Tony was showing him several movies Steve had missed during his seventy years in the ice (a lot, really), Steve showed him his favourite movies from the forties. Or at least the ones he remembered. Obviously, they hadn’t been able to go too much. On the one hand, because they hadn’t been able to afford it too much and on the other hand because Steve had been sick most of the time.
“You guys see embarrassment as a feeling?” he raised his eyebrows with a smile. “Okay, I gotta admit, that’s pretty cool. And it works?”
It was no secret that Natasha loved them. She would occasionally steal some that didn’t even belong to her at the compound. It wasn’t only marshmallows, but they were the main problem. She had a sweet tooth. In the end, they had agreed on a safe to lock the Marshmallows safely away from her. A childish thing to do, but everyone thought it was funny.
again, the team had agreed on a Secret Santa System. And a limit of ten. $10 for one person. Tony didn’t like it. Not in the least. And unfortunately, he had picked Steve. His boyfriend Steve. His boyfriend Steve he had wanted to propose to on Christmas, on the day of the year that made him happiest. He had wanted to buy him a ring and give it to him as a present. Now he had to improvise. But that was okay, he was Tony Stark, improv was his number one quality. He could still give the ring to Steve along with another present. One for $10. He didn’t want something boring or predictable but the money limit restricted him pretty much.
Tony sighed. “Guilty. But just that you know it: The reason that it’s not a ‘wow’ present is that stupid limit someone decided to set.
? Christmas had been a holiday Howard had never dared to mess with. Maybe because his mother that had been very Catholic. And despite Howard being Howard he had never refused her wish for peace, at least two days a year. It was desperately needed anyway.
“This is ‘my’ gift, Stark.” Thor said proudly. “It is a ring that tells you in which mood you are in. Those rings have gained popularity in Asgard. I thought it might be interesting. It is merely a little spell.”
Steve sighed. of course, he would have. Tony could never just follow rules. Of course not. But he had known that he thought resigned. He had known that from the start. The very first moment he had met him he had known that he was a troublemaker, a rebel. He had reminded him of himself in a way. Ready to punch everyone up that would dare to fight him. Unfortunately, this very part was annoying him right now. Wasn’t he able to follow a simple rule? Did he really have to be that extravagant?
“I thought you might need some practice with them. Quills are not really up to date anymore.” In fact, she had just not known what do give to Thor. After all, he was excited by everything. Giving him a few exotic pens seemed to do the trick for her. “This one” she explained “Can write in four colour. See? You just press-” She showed him the mechanism and the special abilities of the other pen. Erasable ink. Fineliner… there were several things that made Thor’s eyes glimmer. Tony didn’t really know why – they were just pens after all – but as long as Thor was happy the mission was definitely completed.
Tony rolled his eyes. “It is not from me, Bruce. Sorry if you are fainting now out of sheer disappointment. Never was I more sorry about it.”
“Always the artist.” Tony wrapped an arm around his waist. “What did you get her? Another set of hair colour?”
“What did you get him?”, he asked, thinking about getting another coffee too. He was tired, had been wide-awake last night because he hadn’t been able to figure out a good present for his boyfriend. “A Bucky and Bruce friendship bracelet?”
“Wait- are presents from Asgard even allowed?” Bruce inquired. “Isn’t that a bit unfair? Thor gets to give the magic artifacts and we all just have to go with normal stuff? Was it at least ten dollars?”
“Thanks.” Bucky flipped a few pages and looked briefly at the pictures and the chapters. “Always good to catch up on the latest affairs.”
Without any other word, Bruce put his gift on his lap. “So… if it’s an ‘It’s not easy being green’ shirt-”
“You could just buy it, too.” Bruce shrugged, playing childishly with it. “I am not sure if I wanna share.”
“Uhm… how did you know?” Steve seemed to be genuinely surprised. He had leaned back on the chair and was eying the present as if he was expecting he had written his name on it by accident.
“I’m sure you won’t come out of your room for a while.” Bucky smirked and looked at his own present. “Seems like I get to unpack.”
“Bold of you to assume I have a soul, Stark.” She slowly opened the ribbons and unwrapped it, careful not to rip it apart.
“Peaked at your paper – what? Not everyone is as decent as Stevie.” He put his feet nonchalantly on the table and crossed his arms. Tony wondered if he knew how expensive that table had been. And shortly after that, why he even cared about that.
Tony hadn’t been excited until now. The whole Secret Santa thing hadn’t been to his liking, especially with that ridiculous limit. Only being able to give a present to a single person without the ability to blast that person away with his generosity. With his ability to find the perfect present for everyone. Nevertheless, he was exhilarated when all of them picked their present and sat around the Christmas tree.
Steve rolled his eyes. As little as they liked each other, both of them shared their insane liking of Christmas. While Tony was doing it the extrovert way, telling everyone how awesome Christmas and spending more money in December than in the other eleven months, Bucky was just generally happier, calmer. He was smiling more and that alone made December the best month of the year for Steve.
much that the whole tower transformed into some sort of Winter Wonderland as soon as the calendar stated it was December. The decorations he used cost more than an average American citizen earned in two years. On the first floor, he had established his annual F
It was strange that Barnes was helping him. After all, they had history together. And not the good kind of history. But he took the ceasefire seriously and as it seemed, Barnes did too. He was right. Steve had grown up during World War II, he surely wasn’t disappointed if Tony gave him something unfitting as long as they were together. But since he had given him all sort of crazy over the top presents the last years his expectations might have changed.
Steve pulled him into a hug. they rarely kissed in public. Steve was not comfortable with it yet. After all, he had grown up in a time where this could’ve gotten him to prison or even worse. Tony was fine with it. He was cocky, sometimes. Arrogant, self-centered and sometimes a bit too sensitive but he would’ve never overstepped someone’s boundaries. Even if they were small ones like this. “That’s even better than the one in the previous year.”
“That stupid limit keeps you from buying us all presents we can’t keep up with. This way, it’s fair to everyone.” Bruce lectured him. Yes, yes, yes. Sure, they had discussed this so many times before and he was slowly growing tired of it.
The first year, they hadn’t really talked about presents at all. Tony had given all of them some anyway. Even Clint’s kids. Counter to his father, he loved giving presents. Receiving was alright, funny sometimes. But giving presents and
“Thanks, Barnes, I think I know how much what costs nowadays. Better than you, at least.” He got off the couch and sighed, planning to go to a Christmas market in Brooklyn. Maybe he’d find something, maybe he wouldn’t.
In fact, Tony loved Christmas so much that the whole tower transformed into some sort of Winter Wonderland as soon as the calendar stated it was December. So much that whenever they were celebrating Christmas Eve, whenever they were exchanging gifts with a budget of $40, he would kiss his husband in front of a mistletoe and smile. Christmas was a magical season and on this very Christmas Eve, the true magic had begun.
“I am not trying to outgun myself.” He groaned, pushing the blanket aside and revealing a Christmas sweater showing a reindeer with a crown on it and the print: ‘Rudolf the red nose Reigndeer’. December was Tony’s official dork time and he didn’t take shit from anyone that tried to object to it – not that anyone would’ve done that. Some of it thought it was cute (although Tony wasn’t cute, really, he was Iron Man and the owner of Stark Industries, so everything but cute), some of it thought it was immature (but it was Christmas and they could fuck themselves) and most people acted entirely indifferent. Excitement for Christmas wasn’t that exotic after all. “How do you even know I picked Steve?”
“Shut up, Tony.” She grinned and slowly unwrapped the gift. “If you did that I hope it’s black though. Wanted to try that one out for ages.”
“Well, whatever it is, I am sure you picked well.” he winked. Unlike the others he ripped the paper apart, making Tony insanely happy with it. Once he had unpacked, he looked at him with an expression that told him he hadn’t been expecting it. He had given Steve a book about New York. The changes from 1910 to 2010 in architecture, structure.
“In case you wanna draw the New York of your childhood. I found your sketchbook the other day and you didn’t seem to remember much.” Tony had thought of it as a very nice, thoughtful present at first, but now? Maybe he just should’ve stuck to Bucky’s advice, to the new sketchbook or the watercolors.
Now was the time for the distribution of parents. Since they were at Tony’s like every year, they would unwrap the gifts in a specific order. Their age. Their birth year, to be exact. Steve, Barnes and Thor made it difficult otherwise. First one would be Natasha. 1984.
Tony shrugged and looked at the little box again. He’d find out now anyway. He was almost a bit disappointed that there wasn’t any wrapping paper to destroy. On the other hand, he wasn’t ten anymore so it didn’t matter that much. Of course not. After inspecting it again, he opened the ribbons and then the box. It was, in fact, a ring.
He was sure if Howard would’ve screwed up on Christmas too, his mother would’ve packed their suitcases and left without a further word. So Christmas had in fact always been the most beautiful time of the year. His father wasn’t drunk. His father wasn’t busy. He would decorate the Christmas tree and their entire house with his mother. He’d bake Christmas cookies and spend the entire holidays with his parents until he had to go back to boarding school.
Bucky unwrapped the paper carefully. It was a book as well. A history book about the 20th century. “Seems like we had the same idea.”, Bruce said to Tony. Both were a bit awkward. After all, both of them had thought of this as a funny and helpful present. Originality wasn’t there anymore.
Tony had never understood that. Ripping that paper into a million pieces was part of the fun. After all, they would put the paper with the ribbons in their trash back anyway. He would never understand why some people didn’t want to rip it apart: Hadn’t that been the best part as a child? The excitement what the present was? The sound of the ripping paper? The flash of the camera capturing the very moment you realized what you had got?
Peter was a cheerful toddler who recently began to talk in two-word sentences. He lived a pretty normal life, in his opinion.
“ Sorry kid but I’m pretty sure stars and stripes-” Tony had begun before being interrupted by the kid
” they heard the AI say. Wordlessly Iron Man began to lift up trash from the center of the mountain and the others followed in suit.
If Tony weren’t in the brink of an attack, heart/ panic/ anxiety it didn’t matter at this point, he would have commended himself on his good idea of evacuating that sector of the airport.
Fighting the two soldiers had not been an easy task for the teen as they managed to throw him out the window just as he was going to finish webbing them up.
he thought as he continued to evade. If he wanted to move forward then he needed to tie her hands up.
“ Pops!” the kid proceeded to hug him while the rest of the group was surprised, especially Bucky and Tony (given their sudden turn when the kid exclaimed the word)
“ Well care to explain? What don’t I understand” Spider-Man said with a hand on his hip catching Captain America off guard.
“ It’s lovely little one” he heard his other aunt say, turning around to see her crouch down next to him and ruffle his naturally messy hair.
“ I spy, purple” Wanda started as Peter looked around, trying to find the purple object. He turned to see his uncles talking about his uncle Thor’s hammer once more, trying to figure out who was worthy, when he saw his uncle Clint’s purple sweater.
How had his life escalated this much? He wondered in the midst of nervousness and excitement as he recorded a video with his spider camera and waited for Iron-Man’s signal.
as Mr.Stark had put it ( though Peter liked to think of it as a Civil War) Captain America believed he was doing the right thing. There was an issue regarding an Accord given to them by the U.N. Apparently Mr. Stark was in favor of agreeing with the government’s commands while Captain and the others did not believe so. He remembered hearing Happy mutter something about a Winter Soldier not helping the situation through the darkened glass that was between him and Peter. It wasn’t his fault that his super hearing still picked it up.
His shock was interrupted as he heard the Avengers move the rubble, trying to get Peter out of there.
he heard J.A.R.V.I.S inform him. Tony didn’t care and began to pick up the pieces of stone and metal from near the center of the mountain, where the signal had been detected.
Peter couldn’t wait to get to Berlin though for some reason he couldn’t help but feel like something was off. Something was going to happen.
“ I’m hurt Petey, you didn’t invite your favorite uncle to play” Clint said holding a hand to his heart. Peter only responded in giggles, already used to his uncle Clint’s antics. He missed that his uncle Scott wasn’t here to play but he wanted to spend some time bonding with his daughter during his vacation.
“ Hey! Why do they call you Scarlet Witch?” he asked as he jumped from the cars she was levitating. He got a slightly confused look before she continued to attack.
Because he knew Tony was right. He knew he killed the kid. He was the one who threw the kid towards the explosion . He didn’t bother to block Iron Man’s punch to the face nor did he move away.
“ There seems to be an irregularity in the space-time continuum, dangerous energy levels emitting from 100 feet due East. I suggest moving away”
“ … I see why Tony recruited you, son. You have heart and honesty, not many people still have that” the Captain said with an exasperated smile, one he thought wouldn’t belong in what was essentially the battlefield “ You honestly remind me of myself when I was younger, but that doesn’t mean that I’m backing down from this battle”
But Spider-Man had to be alright. They all saw what he was capable of and he proved himself to be as strong as they were. Even so Steve couldn’t stop the dread and fear from slowly consuming him.
Spider-Man was too preoccupied to notice Scarlet Witch until she finally grabbed a hold of him. He could feel her go through his mind, looking at his memories, before she finally let go.
The two Avengers stared at the hero as he clenched his fist before running away towards where Captain America was. They took their own look around to see friends fighting friends, family against family.
“ Stop!” both were separated by Wanda, who used her powers to pull them apart. It was then that he noticed that even though everyone had gotten up none made a move to continue fighting, instead getting closer to the rubble. As if to look at the destruction they caused.
“ Well, you are right. This is stupid” Spider-Man started “ But what’s more stupid is letting it divide the Avengers” the statement causing the Captain to look back surprised
He could feel the tension in the air as his spider camera landed on his shoulder and Vision drew a line for Captain’s team. Both sides waited for their leader to make a move.
Crashing in on them, sending glass all over the place, Spider-Man began shooting his webs in order to stop them from escaping but it seemed like his task would not be as easy as that.
“ Peter! Can you hear us?” he heard the other Avengers yell out, all trying to see if Peter was alright. If he was even alive.
“ Who are you?” he heard Tony say. Steve was surprised that there weren’t any more explicit words said with that
“ Well I assumed that teammates wouldn’t want to fight one another in the first place, but here we are” Spider-Man gestured, Ant-Man fighting against Black Panther in the background.
Welp sorry for the long ass wait. I planned on having this out before Endgame but things happen and I couldn't. The end of the chapter wasn't really satisfying to me but I couldn't think of anything better, sorry again!
He slowly took a hand to the back of his neck where he took off the mask, before opening his eyes to look at Steve and Tony, showing some familiar deep brown eyes.
Steve got up with a shocked look on his face before running to where the explosion had taken place, only to find a mountain of rubble consisting of both the airport and airplane parts.
“ Yeah well, things happen. Things you don’t understand” Captain retorted, looking around for someone in particular it seemed.
“ Hey there,sport. Do you know where you are? Or where your parents are?” he kneeled as the child looked up, deep brown eyes ,which seemed familiar, looking at him filled with unshed tears before they widened.
“ What are you drawing Peter?” he turned around to see his тетка looking at his drawings. The latest one was them fighting what seemed to be a crudely drawn villain with his dads fighting side by side, herself next to Hawkeye and Bucky shooting arrows and bullets, Falcon, War Machine, and Scarlet Witch flying around, and finally Thor and the Hulk beating up henchmen while Quicksilver ran around and Ant-Man ran with his army of ants. Under all of it the words ‘My Family’ were written.
“ How can you continue to move forward with all the tragedy in your life?” she only continued to ask, the battlefield seemingly forgotten.
He started his mornings with a morning kiss from either dad or pops before he groggily made his way to his bathroom to brush his teeth, wash his face and take care of any other business. He would then make his way to the dining room where breakfast made by pops or one of his aunts was being served. Sometimes his whole family would eat together, making dad have to push some buttons before the table would expand, and other times it was just Peter, dad, and pops. On the rare occasion that neither was home, work taking longer than expected, Peter was never really alone, even if the job required his whole family to leave, as J.A.R.V.I.S and F.R.I.D.A.Y were always there to entertain and keep him safe.
“ You guys should be working together to try and compromise. I understand how important it is to keep your identity a secret, heck, I only have one living relative left and I’ll do my hardest to protect her from any harm” Steve was beginning to think that the masked hero would switch sides before he continued, “ but they’re needed to help protect those who get stuck into these sort of conflicts, the little guy, ya know”
“ You can and you will” Natasha said again, taking the safety off of her guns. The kid shivered before sighing, his figure slumping in the process.
“ Where you from kid?” Captain America panted out as he caught his shield after having thrown it at him
He took it upon himself to help keep the streets safe from crime so that others wouldn’t have to go through what he and Aunt May had to. Peter would put of his red hoodie, blue pants, red ski mask and black fingerless gloves and suddenly he was Spider-Man. He would most commonly take it upon himself to do some nightly patrolling around, as well as after school. People generally liked him, the occasional grump and mugger did not, and even got some pretty short videos of him on YouTube. He was a pretty low level hero, technically vigilante, and he was fine with that. He was only 14 and just understanding how his powers worked. After months of hard work Peter thought life was pretty good that is until that day.
“ What?! I- I can’t do that” the kid tried protesting frantically, he could practically hear the sped up heartbeat, but Steve knew that if he looked around he’d see the untrusting looks in his teammates faces
“ What do we do now Captain?” he heard someone say from the other side. It was quiet enough to hear a pin drop. Finally Captain America answered;
“ Aren’t you a mind reader? I heard you were” he continued to ask. Not noticing the arrow until his Spidey sense went off, he moved out of the way, only to fall off the car that was about 2 stories up. He groaned as he began to get up, hearing her and Hawkeye approach him. By the time he was in his fighting stance his Spidey sense went off once more, Hawkeye came in with a punch that he narrowly missed.
Maybe the Accords were needed. To stop them from doing crap like this all the time ( but it might just be the disgust he had with himself that was telling him this)
Although he was still young Peter showed that he received his dad’s intelligence, making small things such as clocks or music boxes, the Itsy Bitsy Spider being his favorite music box so far. Sometimes his dad would let him look around the lab that he and his uncle spent their whole day at, leaving Peter awestruck for the rest of the week.
“ Hello there little guy” Natasha bent down to the boy’s face, dirty and with obvious trails of tears
Peter panicked wanting to know how he knew and if anyone else would find out but the man had an air of command and with one look Peter forgot of his worries and listened.
“ What’s your full name kid?” Steve heard Natasha ask, beginning to lower her gun. It seemed like the other Avengers had taken notice of these similarities as well, looking less untrusting and more unsure. The kid looked around, seemingly surprised at their change of mood before taking a deep breath.
Spider-Man dodged the cars heading his way as Scarlet Witch continued to attack. He was trying to stop Captain America and Winter Soldier from leaving when she began to block their path.
“ Mr. Stark! Something’s gonna happen we have to- whoa!” the Captain had taken the opportunity to sprint toward the kid, who jumped out of the way.
“ Daddies silly” Peter giggled as they went to sit together on one of the passenger seats, which had been occupied by Peter’s stuffed toys before, with the divider gone between the seats and Peter in the middle instead. For the next ten minutes or so the small family just cuddled and enjoyed each other’s company.
Peter shook his head trying to get the thought out, clutching onto his Captain America and Iron Man tsum-tsums.
Both Peter's struggle to prove what they say is truth, but the biggest issue is yet to come though unexpected allies will make an appearance...
This time it had been Peter’s turn to choose their choice of destination as a projection of the globe popped out in front of him, his slim fingers turning it around until it landed somewhere in Europe.
The Avengers got off of the ground groaning and wondering what had happened while Tony started to call the masked vigilante.
“ Uncle silly” Peter finished giggling before continuing as Clint pulled him up from his seat and began lifting him up in the air.
Peter was carried by pops to the front of the airplane where his dad was currently piloting the aircraft. In the background he heard his uncle Bucky call him a “punk” as usual.
“ Look kid I have no idea who the hell you are but I want to know one thing; where is my kid?” Tony threatened the guy who only seemed more confused, though he was wearing a mask so it was hard to tell.
“ You’re just a child,” she said softly, a slight regretful tone in her voice “ Yet you’ve gone through so much already”
he brilliantly thought. Not wanting this to be real. Not wanting his son stuck under all of the debris. Not wanting to find his son’s lifeless body beneath all of that. Not wanting to lose his family after finally gaining one he never had.  Not wanting to bury his son six feet under while he only looked like he was asleep.
’ he thought but he was genuinely surprised, along with the rest of the group by the kid’s next words
Spider-Man ran along Iron Man’s team as their big fight broke down. He hoped nobody would get hurt since they were in an airport but Mr. Stark had reassured him that the airport had been fully evacuated before they got there, no one other than those fighting would be inside or in the airport’s perimeters.
The other Avengers seemed to have picked up on what he was doing and began to pick up the rubble. All that could be heard was the heavy and rapid breathing of the Avengers, none of them wasting any time on catching their breaths, and the loud and obnoxious sound of concrete and steel being thrown onto the ground and into each other. With all their effort they were at it for less than five minutes when they finally found something.
Or he used to be anyway, before the whole radioactive spider bite and all that. Or the whole meeting Tony Stark and getting the new suit.
Peter decided that it was time to pack up his things, carefully putting away his sketchbook, pencils and crayons, and his graham crackers, into his spider shaped bookbag. He was content to looking out the window as he was the city grow bigger and bigger. Though he would not be a Stark if it were not for his curiosity and need to be doing something.
“ Huh” he could hear Spider-Man laugh softly before freezing and looking around “ Something is gonna happen” he could barely hear the other’s whisper. He saw the kid put a hand to where his ear would be before he started talking
“ It’s me, Spider-Man, sir. What happened? What was that blue light? Weren’t we fighting Captain America’s team just a second ago?” the person kept rambling, not making any sense to Steve or to anyone he supposed.
Realizing that they were about to land, Peter began jumping in his seat. He took out his Spider-cam, as dad liked to call it, and took a picture of his big family, all laughing at something Uncle Clint said, and one of just him and his daddies.
Silently Tony called for his armor and began to scan the mountain for heat signals when he heard Steve say
Friday said, if he was not on the verge of an attack he would have noticed the small trace of worry in her voice.
Sorry it's been months, I kept trying to reorganize the plot and where to go. Infinity war is not gonna happen. Not on my watch.
“ Something bad happen” he said tensing up after his Spidey senses became much more intense and running to tell his parents
It would be fine, he reassured himself. If anything would happen he knew his daddies would protect him.
The Captain went into a sprint, rolled onto the ground and grabbed his shield, his super hearing caught onto Spider-Man’s soft whisper;
The thing- person- groaned as he (given the deep voice) got up. Steve will admit that the lens, which were changing sizes, were creeping him out.
Peter got off of the plane with an umph on every step. He was still feeling a bit uneasy as he did but figured that whatever that feeling was, was for nothing. He took his Spidey cam once more and was recording as his family got off of the airplane.
him” he could hear Tony’s voice break as he gripped tighter onto his suit though Steve made no effort to stop him.
“... Since when did Tony Stark have a kid?” he heard the guy ask himself which seemed odd to Steve. He and Tony had not kept Peter a secret from the media but that didn’t mean that they exposed him to the public. Well they had tried to keep him secret but alas not everything goes as planned.
Spider-Man was glad for his quick reflexes and super strength or else he would have already been knocked out by the star spangled man.
“ There ya go squirt” Clint said as he carried Peter on his hip, still remembering having to do so with his own kids.
“ What happened?” the person groaned before looking around, his lenses increasing in size in surprise he assumed,and crawled back.
“ Alright, JARVIS inform airport personnel to restrict the wing we’ll be arriving in and make sure it's empty by the time we get there, will ya?” Peter heard his dad tell the AI. It paid to have a billionaire dad and Avengers as a family in situations like these.
“Yeah, whatever,” Tony said, dismissing the comment, but Steve could see the smallest hint of a smile on his face.
Tony spun around in his chair and lo and behold, the man in question was there.  Tony was eternally grateful to see that the color had returned to Steve’s face.  “Should you be up?” Tony asked, getting to his feet.
Tony moves his head to avoid it, but Ty just brushes his lips against Tony’s neck instead.  “Ty, please, I really don’t want to—”
It’s a Saturday—one of those extremely rare nights where he has no (pressing) obligations—and he can’t think of a better way to spend it than in his church.
and turn as red as a tomato (Clint and Thor somehow find a way to obtain the video footage from JARVIS and upload it to Vine not long after Stark Industries makes an official statement about their relationship).
“Anyway, she thinks I’m in Tahiti, surrounded by tall, leggy blondes and drinking virgin pina coladas.”  Tony shifted in Steve’s arms so he could straddle his lap instead, the thin quilt previously covering them fell to a heap on the ground.  “Little does she know,” Tony said, looking down at Steve with a playful smirk on his lips.
“Yeah, thanks but no thanks,” Tony replied dismissively, but Thor just gave him a slightly amused look.
“He was like a brother, then?” the reporter asks, and Jan wants to punch the woman in the face for her lack of tact.
“The same thing I told you,” she replied before settling her gaze back on Steve. “If you and Tony aren’t dating, then what
“C’mon Cap,” Clint wheedles. “We’re not planning on getting drunk.  We’ll restrain ourselves, just for you.”
“He’s not like that,” Tony defends. “He isn’t… He’s nothing like the papers make him out to be.  He’s so thoughtful and considerate, and intelligent, and just… cares about others so much and—”
“It was a Nazi plane and there were bombs,” Steve said indignantly. “I had no time and there was nowhere to land.”
“Oh, God.  Stop—Steeeve.” The brunet groans when the other man leaves a mark just below where his shirt collar would be.  There’s a loud
The workshop is where Steve sees Tony at his happiest, and his most somber.  It’s where Tony feels the most accomplished, but at times, dejected.  It’s where Tony can be the most vulnerable—the most
Inside his suit jacket, his phone trills.  Still staring at Steve, he pulls out the device and unconsciously unlocks it.  It isn’t until his phone rings again a couple seconds later that he manages to drag his eyes to the screen.
“He doesn’t mean that, Dummy,” Steve assured.  He patted the bot’s arm once more before sitting back down on the couch.  He watched Tony trace the lines of his latest sketch.  “If he’s such a problem, why don’t you reprogram him?” Steve asked, even though he already knew the answer.
“God knows I want to give you what you want, Tony, but you should be with someone who actually deserves you—”
Steve leans over and kisses the top of his head. “I’ll make it up to you,” he promises before practically running out of the room.
Tony awkwardly bent over and tried to pet the top of its head but got a handful of slobber instead. “Well, I don’t know how the shelter managed to trick Captain America because this is clearly not a cat.”
Tony hadn’t planned on starting up with someone so late in the school year, let alone with a gorgeous, billionaire CEO, but he did.  Tony’s been independent for most of his life, so he hadn’t planned on being so… well,
“So what’s on the agenda for tonight?” Steve asked, hoping to shift the topic away from his bedpartners.  He poured a liberal amount of maple syrup onto his last pancake, ignoring the disgusted look on Tony’s face.
It turned out that on the days that Steve was home, and Tony wasn’t working, the two of them actually got along swimmingly.
Bucky straightens his back and takes a another sip from his mug. "What I’m saying is: Steve would have to be a fucking
,” he admitted. “There were a couple people after Pepper, but it…  I don’t know.  It didn’t feel right going out with someone I barely knew, let alone be intimate with them.
“Thor, this is great!” he says before taking another long swallow. “You should have brought some by sooner.”
“No one wanted them?” Tony asked.  Both of the animals looked young, particularly the beagle who looked to be no more than a year old.  He couldn’t imagine why anyone wouldn’t want the two loveable creatures in their home.
By the time Tony stirred, it was nearing nine in the morning.  They would miss brunch if they didn’t get up soon—Steve was just glad that he didn’t have to wake Tony himself because he wouldn’t have had the heart to disturb him.
“No,” Tony answers apologetically.  He keens when the head of Steve’s cock catches against his hole, already stretched and slick.  He loves Steve’s ability to multi-task.  “But that doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy myself,” he adds.
Steve shrugs and takes one for himself: so what if he already ate over a dozen while baking them only a few hours prior?  They were still delicious.
Sure, Tony acted flippant and nonchalant in front of the police and medics, but he scared out of his mind when he was tied down with a  gun to his head.
Tony stubbornly shook his head. “Steve, you can’t marry me.  Let’s just… let’s forget this conversation ever happened,” he said, slowly backing away towards the house. “I uh, I’ll leave in the morning.  I have a lot to do anyway.  You can stay here for a few days; you deserve a vacation.”
Tony knows it was selfish of him to practically jump the other man in the living room over a year ago, but he had honestly expected Steve to politely reject him so that he could jet off to Malibu and forget about his stupid unrequited crush.
“So you tried different things, right?  It took a while, but eventually, you figured out something that worked—”
Tony spent so much of his time trying to keep his heart out of the picture that he failed to realize he had already given it to Steve a long time ago.
The miracle is that no one bothers Steve about it.  Sure, his phone is ringing off the hook, and the team’s secretary is struggling to keep up with all of the messages, but none of them are trying to pry.  I mean, there weren’t many bad messages to begin with after Tony died (only a couple idiotic ones about him being a war profiteer or whatever, but they were obviously baseless since it’s been YEARS since any of that happened), but the media keeps asking for quotes from the team members, especially Steve.
In the three years that Steve’s been awake in this new world, he’s seen Tony run headfirst into every situation.  Even three months ago, when the team was preparing to battle Ultron with no idea if any of them would even make it out, Tony had this fortitude that Steve admired.
Sweet, but not cloying.   It tastes like honey, spiced with something that Steve can’t quite identify.
Steve was a bundle of nerves as they headed for the gardens, and upon arriving, Steve was afraid that he had made a terrible mistake, if Tony’s yawn was any indication.  However, Steve had an idea when he saw the yearning look on Tony’s face as they walked by the children playing by the pond.
“I appreciate it,” Steve replied. “But there’s nothing you guys can do.  This is between us, and I’m sorry if it’s interfered with the team—”
The rest of the afternoon was more-or-less what Steve had predicted: Clint and Bruce ended up falling asleep halfway through the show, and Steve noticed a misty-eyed Natasha mouthing the words along to the reprise of “Falling Slowly.”
someone he barely knows take control over him like that.  He’s learned the hard way that other people’s promises don’t always amount to what they say.
He moves to follow the two spies into the kitchen, but bumps into the coffee table and almost knocks over a vase.  The noise makes Tony stir, but the man just snuggles closer to Steve and falls back asleep.
Tony shook his head and sighed. “I know.  I didn’t mean to yell, I just… All that kept going through my head was that I—
“It’s one night, Tony,” Natasha said. “You can deal with it for one night, or need I remind you of all of the shit you made Pepper put up with for the past fifteen years?”
"That would make you the creeper of the century then, wouldn’t it?” Tony says, licking frosting off of his fingers. He goes to finish off the rest of the cupcake but freezes when an idea strikes him. “What about my super hot and super dorky boyfriend covered in chocolate frosting? Is that an option?”
Tony seated himself in the plastic chair next to the bed and chose to scowl at the IV connected to Steve’s arm instead. “You have four broken ribs and a concussion.”
“I think it’s best if we ended things now, before I get the chance to hurt you,” Tony says with a shaky breath, and he may as well have just punched Steve in the gut with the look he was giving him.
“I don’t doubt it.” Steve positions himself between Tony’s legs and pins Tony’s hands above his head—a move that would make Tony feel overpowered were it anyone else, but with Steve, he feels…
He apologizes profusely, but she doesn’t look the least bit miffed by the ordeal.  She takes a business card out of her purse and gives it to Steve with a smile that is just as friendly as it is predatory, if that were even possible.
It takes Steve a couple of weeks to muster up the courage to finally try to win Tony over, but with the help of Jan, Jarvis, and a couple of relationship advice columns in those trashy magazines that Jess leaves around the mansion, Steve formulates a plan.
“I am not,” Thor confirmed before striking the Wrecker with lightning. “The Wrecker and Thunderball are subdued for now,” he announced when the former fell to the ground in a heap.
“Gay sex doesn’t result in babies,” Tony replies, just as the doll starts to quiet down. “Mind-blowing orgasms, yes.  Screaming children, no."
Steve pushed the thought in the far back recess of his mind—the last thing he should do was get his hopes up.
Tony’s put all of his trust Steve.  Tony’s given him parts of himself that he’s never dared to give anyone else, and he doesn’t regret it in the slightest.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Rhodey asked. “So what?  All of this time, you were only good enough to hang out with
Steve slammed into him one last time and bottomed out, shouting Tony’s name as he spent himself inside of Tony’s body.  He pumped Tony’s cock a few more times, circling his hips until Tony came again, his vision whiting out.
“I can’t get drunk,” Steve reminds everyone ruefully when Thor comes back from Asgard with a barrel full of mead.
Tony can still feel how intimately connected they are.  And while Steve is being careful not to move and cause him any discomfort, Tony can still feel the sheer intensity of
“There is your answer,” Frigga said, a small, almost wistful, smile on her face. “My son has told me that you can be rash—
Tony nods.  “More than sure.  Very sure.  I love you, and I don’t want to lose you again, Steve.  I probably shouldn’t be telling you all of this while you’re still doped up on drugs—speaking of which, I have no clue where they got medication strong enough to give your metabolism a run for its money—but I can’t wait any longer.  I love you, Steve, and—”
Prompt: Steve tries to propose like eight times but chickens out every time, then one day Tony finds the ring box in his pocket while they're making out.
Because Steve isn’t sure what to make of his discovery, so he does what any reasonable person would do: he asks.
He was exhausted and wanted nothing more than to get under the covers and sleep—the night was still young, so he figured he could snag a few hours of restful sleep before Clint would inevitably stumble into the room in the early hours of the morning.  Tony had been adamant about not getting a roommate, but because of the last-minute booking, he really hadn’t had a choice.  On the upside, Tony figured it was probably better to share a room with Clint than
After a few years, the touches begin to linger.  Tony can’t recall an exact point in time when it starts, but he revels in it all the same.  It becomes second nature, and eventually, Tony expects it when Steve seeks him out to go to lunch.  He finds himself leaning towards Steve before he even reaches out to touch him.  The attention turns into actual affection, and Tony starts to
“Oh, my!" Tony exclaims, placing his hand on Steve's chest. "You are positively insatiable, Captain Rogers.”
Steve grins and drops into the empty chair beside him, flinging his arms out when it rocks back on two legs.
He’s expecting Steve to turn around and walk away—to forget everything that had transpired between the two of them over the past six months.
Tony can feel his entire body thrumming with energy; can hear the blood pulsing through his veins.  Kissing Steve always made him feel like this: so happy, so carefree, so…
“They aren’t poisoned, are they?” Tony asks, even though he already has a cookie halfway to his mouth.
Tony looks down and lightly traces the bruises forming on his body: the inside of his thighs, his chest, his neck…
He and Steve had called a truce after Loki was sent back to Asgard, but it wasn’t until after the Mandarin fiasco, and after Steve and his ragtag team burned SHIELD to the ground, that the two of them had actually spoken in person again.  Tony had visited Steve in the hospital after fishing his shield out of the Potomac and then invited him—and the other Avengers—to live in the tower, figuring that they could all try to give the whole team shtick another try, especially since there was no one there to boss them all around anymore.
And now it’s been ten years since he’s first met Steve, two years since they’d had a proper conversation, but eleven stars still bearing variations of his name.
Curiosity getting the best of him, he leafed through the pages, and upon seeing the dates of the photos, he realized that the album must have belonged to Howard.
He loosened his grip in Steve’s hair gently pushed his fingers through it instead, silently asking for permission.  Steve made another low, guttural sound, and Tony firmly thrust into Steve’s mouth again. Steve moved his hand away from the base of Tony’s cock and curved it around the swell of his ass, encouraging his movements.
“Yeah, okay,” Tony grumbled, admittedly too tired to continue the senseless arguing. “Shut the lights when we leave, J?”
Tony looked up from the mess of flour and sugar on the counter and saw the confused faces of Pepper and Maria Hill.
to hide it?” she teased. “I appreciate that you took up Ms. Potts’ offer to accompany me this evening, but I have to ask: why aren’t you spending it with Captain Rogers instead?”
“Uh, yeah.  You’re probably right.”  Tony reluctantly gives the man the ice pack and examines his reflection in the elevator mirror.  For someone who fainted after finding out that his boyfriend was actually the prince of his home country, and then told that he was to meet the King and Queen of said home country, he looked pretty good.  Rhodey and Pepper had helped him pick out the best “meet-the-in-laws” outfit that he had in his dorm closet (he’s suddenly glad that his parents insisted he bring at least three suits to college).  His left eye is a little red, but not swollen, which is good.
“Sure you do,” Sam quipped. “Now that we’ve established that you are head over heels in love with Tony Stark, are you going to tell me what went down?”
Tony sheds his suit, puts on a ratty pair of jeans, and brews a fresh pot of coffee from the blend of dark roast beans that Carol had given him for Christmas.
Tony stared at him blankly for a few seconds before bursting into laughter. “You… you’re something else, Steve.”  He took the safety goggles off his head and carelessly tossed them in the direction of his workbench, missing the surface by a couple of feet.  “JARVIS, order a couple pizzas for us?”
Everyone at the funeral comes up to Tony to personally give him their condolences.  Distant relatives whom Tony had never even met before envelop him in hugs and kiss him on the cheek, and it’s such a foreign feeling to be so close to people that Tony doesn’t know how to react.
have a suit of armor,” Tony shot back. “Which reminds me: as soon as you’re onehundred percent better, we’re going to work on your suit.  There’s gotta be a way to make it stabresistant.”
“Yeah, but that was… before...” Tony trailed off.  He wasn’t sure how to breach the subject without seeming like an insensitive ass.
“God, you feel incredible,” Steve groaned.  He lifted his head to look Tony in the eye. “Are you okay?”
Steve braced an arm against the shed beside Tony’s hip and bobbed his head down, swallowing Tony’s cock with a low hum. Tony bit down on his lower lip, stifling the urge to cry out in relief. He instinctively pushed into the warmth of Steve’s mouth, knowing first-hand that the super soldier could take a little force, welcomed it even. In fact, it earned Tony another low hum and when Tony looked back down, Steve’s blue eyes seemed to darken even further with arousal.
Tony propped himself up on his elbows and looked down at where Steve was kneeling between his legs.  “You’re kidding me, right?”
Bruce looked up from his book, the expression on his face clearly unimpressed.  “You two aren’t really our parents, y’know.  Regardless of how much we may joke about it.”
In the workshop, Tony is always in his element.  It’s where Tony gets his best ideas, and where Tony creates his most brilliant inventions.
And later, after they’ve each had their fill of pizza and root beer and moved on to screaming obscenities at each other while playing video games, Tony’s completely forgotten about the entire conversation.
The “peak of human condition,” they’ve called him.  The strongest, fastest, and healthiest that a non-superpowered human could possibly be—literally perfect in every physiological way, but not immortal, in any sense.  And for Steve to be on that hospital bed, so still and pale and unlike one would expect a superhero to look like, Tony realizes just how near-death he must have been, and suddenly there’s a tightness in his chest that he hasn’t felt since he had the arc reactor removed.
Steve is smiling, but beneath that Tony can see the uncertainty in his eyes.  It’s a nervousness that Tony’s only ever seen in him twice before: the first time being the day that Steve first asked him on a date, and the second time only happening a few days after that when they first made love.
they heard Clint holler.  He sounded surprisingly alert considering he was passed out drunk the night before.
“You’re smart, good looking, and charming as hell.  I knew there was a good chance that you had… gotten around—”
Perhaps that was why Tony enjoyed spending time with him so much: everyone else that Tony had dated (or in this case, “fake dated”) was either put off by the attention, or was using Tony for
—I couldn’t risk it,” Tony said. “I… I couldn’t live with myself if I fucked it up.  We save the world on a bi-weekly basis, and if anything happened to the team because of me—”
He remembers finding Steve on the rooftop the night that the team had found him in the ice.  His gaze had been fixed on the starless night sky, obviously deep in thought, but he had invited Tony to sit with him anyway.
“But how could you want me?” Tony choked out, and Steve wrapped his arms around him. “How could you want someone like
Sam sits down in the plastic chair opposite Tony.  His gaze lands on Tony and Steve’s linked hands.  “So, you two…?”
Tony starts walking over in Natasha’s direction, but changes course when he notices her.  He spares the partygoers one last glance before leaving through the same set of double-doors that Steve did.
—” Tony swears his brain actually stops working for a moment when he finally realizes what Steve’s trying to tell him. “Are you… are you
.  Tied to the vase is a note indicating that the arrangement is from a “secret admirer.”  Tony just brushes it off like it’s nothing, and grabs a bagel before heading to his office.  But later that night, on the way to his room, Steve passes Tony’s quarters and sees the bouquet on his nightstand.
“Later,” Steve murmured after pulling apart. He pressed another chaste kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “Promise me, Tony, that when this is over, we’ll sit down and work this out. You can tell me then.”
“I don’t have anything,” Tony groaned, rolling his hips against Steve’s. “Fuck, why don’t I ever have anything when this happens?  Wait, no, keeping moving,” Tony demanded when Steve stilled above him. “We can still—”
He could remember weekly trips to Las Vegas or Monte Carlo; remember partying with other people with way more money than any of them knew what to do with; remember going to events with good-looking people on his arm, and can
Tony’s eyes widened in shock. “No,” he said, jerking away from Steve’s reach.  He abruptly stood up and took a step back. “You don’t—you don’t want to marry me, Steve.”
Steve must feel Tony’s gaze on him, because he looks up a little while later and meets Tony’s eyes with his own.
“Okay, I’m ready,” Tony says a few moments later, ignoring the way his heart is still hammering in his chest.
It was exhilarating having Steve under him—the man could easily overpower Tony, and yet he let himself be at Tony’s mercy without question.
Tony shook his head. “Too good,” he replied. “I’m not gonna last if you keep that up.  Not all of us were blessed with a super-soldier sex drive.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Rhodey drawled. “Maybe the fact that your teammates haven’t seen you all week?”  His arms were folded over his chest, and he was giving Tony the trademark look of disappointment that Tony’s seen on his face ever since their days at MIT. “Pepper’s worried.  She thinks you’ve been working too much.”
Tony brings a hand up to cup his cheek, fingers brushing over the slight stubble. “Mm… yeah.  I don’t buy it.”
.  It’s like music to Tony’s ears, and it makes Tony want to be the only one to get Steve to make those sounds.
“It’s just one night.  Besides, it isn’t the first time we’ve shared a room, right?” Tony joked, trying to keep his tone light and playful. “
Bucky, Sam and Rhodey bust out laughing, while the rest of the Avengers stand idly by, confused by the situation as well.
Still, Steve didn’t know why Tony chose to spend so much of his free time with him.  Steve was certainly smarter than most others, but by no means was he a genius; he was often stubborn and stuck in his old ways; he wasn’t nearly as charismatic as Tony was, instead choosing to keep to himself most of the time.  They were opposites in almost every way, and yet… Maybe Tony
Tony drew a deep, shuddering breath. “I was selfish, okay?  I was stupid and selfish.  When we first got together, I couldn’t believe it.  I mean, I’ve loved you for years, and for it to finally be happening was just too good to be true.  I knew it couldn’t last, because you deserve so much more than me,” he explained. “I’ve just been hoping that you’d eventually have enough sense to finally leave me so I wouldn’t have to do it.”
Realizing that a cranky, sleep-deprived billionaire would probably be the last thing that Steve would want to encounter upon returning home, Bruce thinks it would probably be best for him to assume the role of the mother hen and herd the eccentric genius to his room (so maybe that would make him more of a sheepdog than a mother hen?).
Steve came awake slowly, groggy and disoriented.  It took him a few long minutes to process that he was in his own room, and that he was no longer wearing his dirty, bloodied uniform.  He tried sitting up, but fell back on the bed when he felt a sharp pain his side.
Tony’s never met anyone that could put him at ease.  He’s never had a partner that could just let him sit back and relax while they showed him everything there was to offer in the bedroom, and outside of it.  None of them have been able to fill in the void that Tony knew he was missing, and after a few more failed relationships, and yet another ex who tried to shoot him, Tony begins to accept the fact he maybe he won’t ever be able to find anyone that could give him what he's looking for.
“Doesn’t matter.  You’re Captain America.  I’m Tony Stark.  You’ve heard about my reputation, we’re practically polar opposites.”
“Not good?” Steve rasped.  He looked absolutely debauched, and it took all of Tony’s willpower to not come right then and there.
He shut the bathroom door behind him and flicked the light switch on.  He leaned over the sink, staring at his reflection in the mirror.  His hair was a mess and there was a trail of nearly healed bruises on his neck.  He looked like someone who had a
“You’re gonna get yourself hurt,” he says.  His voice is edged with anger and disapproval, but there’s genuine concern on his face.
“It means, yes,” Steve answers, giving him a chaste kiss on the lips. “Of course, I’ll date you.  I’d be an idiot to say ‘no.’”
“I was running out of new music to listen to, so I asked JARVIS for the names of your favorite albums,” Steve explained. “Did you know that you’ve listened to the
“Shut up, Steve.”  Tony grabbed Steve’s shirt and pulled him down for a kiss.  It was sweet and consuming and everything Tony had missed about him in the time they hadn’t spoken.
Everyone laughs and he sets aside the stein, chastising himself.   What was he thinking?  Even if he could, he shouldn’t be getting drunk.
“I don’t think you’ve learned the meaning of ‘persistence’ until your buddy calls you while flying in a weaponized suit of armor to tell you about someone he met at a
He had heard stories about Steve since he was a child from his father, his Aunt Peggy, and even from the Commandos when they would accompany Howard for poker night.  Tony was thrown for a loop when he realized that Steve was everything they all said he would be.  Steve lived up to his namesake every minute of every day, and Tony found it both intimidating
…and a couple sketchbooks filled with pages upon pages of Tony, but no one else really had to know that.
So four months into Tony and Steve’s relationship—two months after their public confirmation of their relationship, and a month after their first outing together—Peggy decides it would be good for Steve to do an interview so other people can get a small glimpse of this “softer” side of Steve Rogers.
“Then shouldn’t you be thanking me for being such a thoughtful and considerate date?” Ty backs him up against the kitchen counter and places his hands on Tony’s hips. “C’mon, baby.  It’ll be fun. I’ll show you a great time—”
couldn’t find anyone else to uh, remedy your loneliness.  I’m sure Romanoff would do it if you asked her.”
engrossed in the contract if he failed to notice the sudden appearance of two-hundred and forty pounds of supersoldier in the room.
“Yes, actually.  Tony’s been giving me some very helpful advice, and I’ve just been helping him try to get back out there,” Steve explained.
The lack of music usually signals that Tony’s passed out at his desk, but that’s been happening less and less ever since Steve’s moved in.  If Tony really has been working this much again and neglecting his own health, then Steve was probably off on some last-minute mission.
Tony can’t tell if it’s as dirty or as innocent as he thinks, and vacillates between being wildly turned on and being
So when Steve flew to Japan, and Tony went from seeing him every day to only being able to talk to him on the phone for a total of 5 minutes and 49 seconds for the entire duration of Steve’s trip, Tony didn’t know what to do with himself.  Steve at least had an entire itinerary as a distraction, but Tony could only focus on his schoolwork for so long.  Rhodey and Pepper had tried taking him out to the bars, but that only ended in Tony sending dozens of drunk texts to Steve about how much he missed him and how sexually frustrated he was (2 minutes and 17 seconds of the aforementioned time on the phone
Tony couldn’t help it.  What started out as a snicker turned into full-blown laughter.  Why did he always find himself in such ridiculous situations?
“Why aren’t you resting? You’re going to pull your stitches or… or something,” Tony said, his voice lacking any heat.  He wanted to be angry, but in truth, he was just exhausted from worrying over the other man.
Steve’s always admired Tony’s attention to detail for all of the dates the man has planned for his exes, but it isn’t until Steve comes to terms with his own feelings for him that he realizes it’s Tony who always does the romancing.
Tony shifted in his arms, burrowing his face in Steve’s chest, his arm clutching at the thin cotton of Steve’s t-shirt.
There aren’t any photos of Tony kissing anyone, and the only photo of Tony holding someone’s hand was a photo of him and Pepper taken right after they had gotten together.
Yes, he was flashy and loud, and never ashamed to show off his brilliance (as off-putting as it could be at times).  He talked too much, worked too hard, and wasn’t afraid to tell people off.
“Yes, because adopting six more animals on top of the two we already had constitutes as a 'good idea.’”
It takes Steve a couple of weeks to muster up the courage to finally try to win Tony over, but with the help of Jan, Jarvis, and a couple of relationship advice columns in those trashy magazines that Jess leaves around the mansion, Steve formulates a plan.
“But I can single you out.  I don’t know why, but I specifically remember seeking you out all the time. And I… I think I loved you?  I obviously can’t say for sure, but—”
“Natasha?  I thought you were leaving—oh, uh… wow?”  Sam freezes in the doorway when he spots Tony sitting next to Steve’s hospital bed. “You’re Tony Stark.”
“Well, let’s just say you haven’t seen it yet.” Steve said before swinging his ax and effectively splitting the same log in two.  He relished in the annoyed look on Tony’s face.
He and his date are seventeen and slightly tipsy thanks to the flask that Steve had smuggled in his jacket pocket.  They had left the prom hours ago to drive out to the infamous lookout point just outside of town.
“That’s fair.” Tony made himself more comfortable, leaning against Steve’s side. “J, put on whatever is next on Steve’s Netflix queue, would you?”
Tony expects her to go into detail and roll off the list of injuries like she were giving a debrief after a mission, but she remains silent.  A small part of him wants to know more, but he already has an idea (and if he’s honest with himself, he doesn’t know if he can actually handle a more vivid image at the moment).  “Where did you find him?”
It isn’t like Tony’s opposed to the idea.  In fact, he’s pretty sure that he and Steve are more married than most other couples (what with living together, working together, and saving the world together).
“Just dandy,” Tony replied.  “I appreciate you seating us together, by the way.  It made conversation over dinner very… interesting.”
"It was going to happen eventually,” Tony says, his voice void of emotion, and Steve hated it; hated that Tony was speaking of the subject like he was explaining a physics equation to him. “You can find someone who can make you happy—”
Tony nodded, taking that as an invitation to approach the bed—and really, how was it fair that their room only had one bed while Natasha’s had
“I promise we’re doing everything we can to handle the situation,” Pepper said, after Steve started watching the video.  “We’re releasing a statement as soon as we can—”
“The pleasure’s ours,” Tony replied, looking far more collected than he had been just ten seconds ago.
Steve takes breath before speaking: ”To say we were just friends is kind of an insult to our relationship,” he says with a surprisingly level voice. “We knew each other for a long time—”
There were so many details in the photo that Steve could have fixated on: everyone’s smiles, Peggy’s hand on his arm, the Cuban cigar balanced between Dum Dum’s fingers, the obvious closeness they all shared…
“Relax.  He already knows I’m not nice,” Tony said with a grin.  He gave Steve a casual onceover. “On the other hand, it looks like
Steve cut his words off with a slow and tender kiss, sitting them both up until Tony was sprawled across his lap and he could cup the other man’s face with both hands.
“We should probably get going if we don’t want to get stuck in line.  Everyone and their mother is probably at the movies this weekend,” Tony said, already making his way to the elevator.  He heard Steve bid goodbye to his bots before getting to his feet and wordlessly following Tony out of the lab.
Steve interrupted him with a kiss. “I know all of that already, Tony.  Your past doesn’t make me love you any less.”
"He liked it so much he wanted to put a ring on it?” Natasha offers lamely. “Aaand a multi-billion dollar company, a half-dozen houses, and more cars than the DMV on a Saturday?”
“Is that why you left?” Tony found himself asking, staring hard at the curve of Steve’s bicep and unable to look up further. “Because I overestimated my abilities?” He tried to laugh, the sound shaky to his own ears. “I mean, we both know you’re way out of my league after all.  It’s a wonder we stayed together for as long as we did, really.”
He has no idea how Steve has been able to wedge a permanent place in Tony’s life in the span of three months, but he has, and it’s as thrilling as it is terrifying.  Tony’s relationship experience prior to Steve was basically nonexistent, and Steve’s… well, it was safe to say that Steve was much better versed in the art of romance, but Steve never minded.
“Yeah, well, what good is the news if they won’t tell us anything about the actual people who saved the planet?” Tony says, trying to sound flippant.  “Yeah, every single government secret has been released to the public.  Big whoop.  It was bound to happen eventually.”
The next one is at the bottom of his favorite mug and Tony chokes on a mouthful of coffee when the liquid drains away from the bottom to reveal a sodden piece of paper.
Tony’s head thunked back against the wall as Steve slowly sunk to his knees, heedless of the rain and mud now drenching them both. He felt Steve’s remarkably steady hands untie the shirt around his waist. It hit the ground with little fanfare before the impossible heat of Steve’s fingers were suddenly curling around his cock. His hips jerked and he shuddered out a breath, looking down at Steve.
Steve’s eyes widened when he noticed Bulldozer regain consciousness. “Tony, look out!” he yelled before pushing the man out of the way.  He took the brunt of the villain’s headbutt, sending him directly into the closest building.
“Well, it’s doing just fine now so shush,” he said, no heat in his words.  He had a massive headache and Tony’s yelling wasn’t helping in the slightest.
“Of course we get caught in the middle of a downpour,” Tony muttered.  He tied the belt of his robe and grabbed a towel off the rack to dry his hair.
Almost immediately, Steve found a team.  From that team, he found a family, and in that family, he found a home.  Steve saved the world on a bi-weekly basis, all while trying to navigate his way through the constantly changing world, but there was one thing that remained constant, and that was Tony.
“I love you, too,” he responds, kissing the stupid smile on Steve’s face. “And I love it when you’re like this.”
Tony takes a deep breath.  His entire body is shaking, and he feels like his heart is going to beat out of his chest.
“I just—I think it would be better for us to start over and forget it ever happened,” Tony explained. “It was—”
“Yeah,” Tony admitted guiltily.  He must’ve been pretty out of it if his date that he’d only known for less than an hour could see right through him. “Feel free to call me ‘Tony,’ by the way.”
Tony ground their hips together, and Steve bit down on his lip to keep from crying out from the jolt of pleasure. “Tell me what you want,” Tony said, fingers working at the button of Steve’s jeans. “I wanna hear you.”
Over the next few months, they become more familiar with each other, to the point that Tony could recognize any part of Steve’s body in the dark.  It’s wonderful, being so intimately close to someone like this, and Tony vows to do whatever he can to make sure it doesn’t end.
“No, it’s okay,” Steve replied. “I’d rather not have any alcohol in my system for whenever you guys decide to interrogate me.”
“I don’t think that’s any of your business, Stark,” Natasha says over her shoulder, an eerie smile on her face. “I need to call in a few favors.”
were missing from his life until the night they were all moved in and Clint corralled them into the living room to watch the new
Tony moves away to place a kiss on Steve’s forehead before taking his hand and leading him to the couch—it’s a much more worn now than it was when Steve first started venturing into Tony’s space.
"Shut up," Tony says, but doesn’t deny it.  Steve thinks it’s okay because the red blooming across Tony’s face speaks for itself.
to do anything he wanted to do.  The serum had fixed that and had given him the ability to help and protect others—to truly live up to his potential.
Tony bit his bottom lip, something he always when delivering particularly bad news, “Look, I think it would be for the best.  I mean, it was bound to happen sooner or later, right?” he said, refusing to look him in the eye.
“I know,” Steve murmured, kissing Tony’s jaw. “I love you.  I know.”  Without further warning, he twisted his wrist, and Tony cried out in release.  Steve would never get tired of watching Tony come: the look of pure ecstasy on his lover’s face forever engrained in his mind.  Steve thrust forward a few more times before tumbling over the edge himself.
It’s the first time Steve’s had sex with anyone he’s cared so deeply about, and it’s as exhilarating as it is terrifying.
The woman had gotten so upset with Tony’s inability to spare time for her that she had stolen his car and crashed it into a tree.
“Don’t get mad,” Tony said quickly, which was probably the wrong thing to do because Steve went from looking perplexed to distressed in a record-breaking 0.25 seconds. “I need you to hear me out before you jump to any conclusions, all right?”
Steve would never cease to being amazed by how easy it was to lose himself in the other man.  The softest of kisses could make his head spin—the lightest of touches enough to drive him over the edge.
“Hold on,” Steve said, before getting off the bed.  He went into the en suite and started going through all of the cabinets and drawers under the sink, sighing with frustration when he couldn’t find anything suitable.
Up until recently, Tony had always found friends pretty hard to come by.  He’d lucked out on his first day at MIT when he’d found Rhodey was his roommate.  He wouldn’t have met Pepper if any of his first three personal assistants had been remotely competent; and if he hadn’t gotten into that bar fight in Austin over fifteen years ago, he would never have met Happy (who was kind enough to drive him to the emergency room).
Between breakfasts consisting of waffles or pancakes slathered in copious amounts of syrup, and doughnuts for lunch, and dinners always followed by some sort of dessert (and usually post-dessert
“Aw, now where’s the fun in that, Brucey-bear?” Tony teases. “I thought you were all into free love and whatever.”
"What?” Steve asks, taken aback.  "That’s what all of the flirting, and those dinners and movies were for?“
The workshop is where Steve sees Tony at his happiest, and his most somber.  It’s where Tony feels the most accomplished, but at times, dejected.  It’s where Tony can be the most vulnerable—the most
“Hilarious,” Hill said absentmindedly as she began picking at the bowl of chocolate chips on the counter. “Damn, these are good.”
But even supersoldiers eventually run out of patience, and Steve finally draws the line after Tony momentarily leaves the room after a couple of rounds in the sack, only to come back with a half-full box of double-chocolate cupcakes.
As much as Tony loved to spoil his friends, the man usually preferred a night in to a big, fancy dinner.  He had a favorite blanket—it was a faded blue color that had been handwoven by his mother, Maria.  He couldn’t make omelets, but he could make veal parmesan with homemade tomato sauce.  He put an absurd amount of milk and sugar in his coffee, and watched soap operas in his spare time (Steve had only found out that little detail after walking in on Tony muttering something in Spanish just as a girl on the television was pushed down the stairs).
“He made up some excuse after a while and left,” Steve explained.  He had actually thought they were getting along pretty well, so it was disappointing when Alex never called again as he had promised.  “It just… got really awkward? I don’t know, but I couldn’t blame him.” “Unbelievable,” Tony muttered.
Clint rolled his eyes. “Well, maybe you’d be able to contribute more to the effort if you weren’t so busy batting your eyelashes at Wilson all the time.”
“I don’t care if you were kidding or not because that was still pathetic,” he said, ignoring Steve’s sigh. “Just shut up and start over.”
Tony doesn’t even have any time to think about what just transpired because Rhodey chooses that moment to drop in for a surprise visit.
“I’d keep giving even if you didn’t ask,” Tony said sincerely. “It’s just easier for me when you do.”
“So you two went away to Paris, slept together, and now you’re back and Steve is just… not interested?” Rhodey asked. “What exactly did he say about the situation?”
Tony knew she was right.  He had to try to patch things up with Steve, and if he didn’t do it tonight, then he probably never would.  If things went south… At least it was only for one night.
“So, this was… interesting,” Steve says, putting his beer down next to the rest of the empty bottles on the coffee table.
“More or less,” Steve answered. “Everyone’s always so surprised that I haven’t gone into shock or something, but it isn’t all that different.”
Tony tries taking a sip of the caffeinated drink in his hand and almost burns his mouth in the process–Bucky,of course, takes a huge gulp without flinching at the scalding temperature.
“God, I love you,” Tony murmurs. “You… you make me a better person, and I can’t believe you chose me of all people.”  Tony combs his fingers through Steve’s hair.  “Honestly, I don’t think I’ll ever believe it.”
“Every hotel within a thirty-mile radius is booked solid,” Natasha informed. “At least, that’s what I’ve heard,” she added innocently.
“Oh, okay.  Uh… cool.  Great.”  He furrows his brow when Steve’s words resound in his head again.  “Wait, how am I dense?”
Steve shook his head. “The dog was at the shelter for over six months, and the cat was there for more than a year.”
Steve felt Tony tighten his hold around his waist and nuzzle his neck.  Malibu was certainly warmer than New York, but it was still December, and since Tony’s house was right on the water, it was a lot chillier than usual.  However, Steve was long used to Tony using him as a personal space heater.
“You see?  This is what I mean!” Tony exclaims. “We’re all trying our damn hardest, but you make it seem so easy.  The worst thing about you is probably your bedhead in the morning.”
Afterwards, when the board is milling around nibbling bagels, Pepper grabs him by the arm and hustles him out the door.
So Pepper personally escorts Tony to the restaurant situated just two blocks away from the tower.  Pepper is the one that inquiries about the reservation to the maitre d.  And Pepper is the one that guides him through the large dining area to the smaller, secluded corner in the back of the room.
But now, as they walked the crowded city streets, Steve’s attention was zeroed in on Tony and Tony alone.
“Nothing,” Tony replied. “He said ‘good morning,’ then he asked me how I was feeling, and that was it.”
“You don’t even have to ask, Steve,” Tony replied. “Honestly, I’d be a little insulted if you don’t do so in the next thirty seconds.”
“You know how much I love celebrity gossip,” Steve quipped, turning the page of his book.  He continued his reading, even when he felt Tony lean against the back of the couch and rest his chin on Steve’s shoulder.
To everyone’s relief, Pepper’s wedding went off without a hitch.  There was no worldwide crisis that the Avengers had to attend to, no meddlesome paparazzi, and no catering or florist-related emergencies.
Steve sighed and sat on the edge of the bed. “Look, Tony.  I know you’re not interested in anything more, believe me, I know.  I’ve been trying to give you some space, to not let my feelings get in the way, but—”
The drive had been relatively tolerable thanks to the radio, but the occasional lapses of silence in between songs were stifling.  It was a ridiculous notion considering that just a few weeks ago they could sit together for hours without uttering a single word to one another.
It isn’t Steve’s first time in this new world.  He’s gone on plenty of dates since his defrosting (thanks to Natasha), and may have had a few intimate encounters on particularly long missions (also thanks to Natasha), so while he isn’t inexperienced per se, he still can’t help but be nervous about his first time with
“I went to the shelter this morning to get the British shorthair we picked out online, but as I was leaving this little guy was looking at me–”
Tony shrugs. “I’ve just had a lot of customers lately, y’know how it gets around this time of year… I’m behind schedule on everything.”
,” Tony quipped, raising a brow at Sam, whose head was nestled on Natasha’s lap. “Did you go drink for drink with Hill again?”
“Yeah,” Tony replied, his gaze still fixated on the boats. “It’s just… I can’t remember the last time
Steve’s fingers splayed over the R.T. in Tony’s chest so the light shone between his fingers, watching the light cast shadows on the sharp features of Tony’s face. “I feel like all I ever do is ask more of you,” he admitted. “You already give me so much.”
“Likewise,” the other woman replies curtly, and it’s that moment that Tony decides he likes her. “Marie, would you mind leaving us?  I’ve been meaning to speak with Anthony.  Alone.”
The day Steve actually became legitimately concerned for the man’s health was after Dr. Doom had tried the whole world domination thing again. The army of Doombots was three times the size as usual, and even with the help of the Fantastic Four, it took a good seven hours to finally get rid of every single one of them.
Tony shrugged. “Built circuit boards?  I don’t know.  I’ve learned to just kind of block out my childhood entirely.”
The comfort never lasts, though.  It’s always fleeting, and leaves him feeling emptier than before.  He can't shake the feeling that he's missing something.  He doesn’t really know what it is, but he hasn’t been able to find anyone to really explore the possibilities with either.
,” Steve pointed out. “You’re one of my best friends; of course it’s easy for me to talk to you.  But back in my day, any occasion where I opened my mouth usually ended with me getting my ass kicked all the way to Queens.”
“Yeah, I know,” Steve says cheekily, “but knowing that I can turn Tony Stark into a helpless, incoherent mess does
“I’m gonna fuck up, Steve,” Tony said. “I mean, look at us!  I already did—” “That was just a misunderstanding, Tony,” Steve reasoned.
Steve doesn’t get flowers every day, nor does he get them every four days, or every Thursday.  There is no exact schedule that Tony follows, which makes the days that Tony surprises him even sweeter.
Steve shows up at Tony’s door wearing jeans and a hoodie, and Tony—young, smart and endearingly nervous Tony—opens the door and invites him inside for dinner.
Prompt: college au where tony and steve become fuck buddies, fall helplessly in love but being dweebs about it
For a brief moment, Natasha actually looks taken aback by his demand, but she quickly makes her expression passive again.  She turns and beckons for Tony to follow as she walks towards the elevator.  Tony picks his suitcase off the ground and hurries after her.
“I won’t deny that.” Tony couldn’t help the moan that escaped his lips when Steve bit down on his collarbone. “What are you in the mood for tonight?”
What did they expect him to say?  Steve knew he couldn’t lie to them—they knew him too well for that—but how was he supposed to just up and tell them about his unrequited feelings without sounding like a whiny brat?
, and so he reluctantly pulled away.  While trying to catch his breath, he got a good look at Steve, pleased to see that the other man was just as winded as he was.  His pupils were blown with lust, his hair in disarray, and his lips swollen from their kiss.  Steve’s robe was also practically useless, the tie having come undone in the middle of their frantic lip lock leaving him shamelessly exposed.
discussing.  He couldn’t believe Tony was so convinced that they wouldn’t make it; he thought he had made his intentions clear from the beginning.
Tony felt Steve’s hips move away inch by inch, leaving Tony feeling empty where Steve had once filled him.  Steve didn’t stop moving until the head of his cock caught at Tony’s entrance.
Natasha caught the look Steve was giving her and coughed to get Tony’s attention. “Being immortalized in a painting is pretty cool, isn’t it?” she mused, subtly elbowing Clint’s side.
The only sounds in the room were their heavy breathing.  Steve carded his fingers through Tony’s hair as Tony lazily mouthed at his collarbone, leaving a bruise that would be gone in only a matter of hours.  They lay there for what felt like
“He’s reckless, Pep,” Tony said. “He never takes care of himself, always sacrificing himself for everyone else and thinking about their needs before his own and—”
They fuck on the down cover of a $3,000 a night hotel room, and again in the backseat of the limo. She leaves him with lipstick stains on his collar and a very generous tip which leaves Steve able to pay off a good amount of his mother’s hospital bills.
“You can’t take a day off?” Tony says incredulously. “SHIELD is no more; what work could you possibly have?”
, that when they finally pulled apart, Tony felt like he was shaking out of his own skin. “You have me,” he breathed against Steve’s mouth. “You’ve always had me and you always will.”
“Maybe I think you’re worth it,” Tony said sincerely. “You’re my friend, and I want you to be happy.”
Steve couldn’t argue with that.  He should be glad that he had Tony all to himself for the next five days. “You’re right.  No work; free of distractions and supervillains.”  He kissed Tony’s temple and Tony made a sound of contentment.
Usually, Steve and Tony would hang back and keep each other company, trying to avoid prolonged, unpleasant conversations with the attendees.  They would people watch until it was time for Tony to make whatever speech he had lined up for that night, and maybe linger for a few minutes after until they made an excuse about Avengers business and leave before the hors d’oeuvres were even served.
Of all the things he could be doing with Tony to try to ease the tension between them, looking at wedding venues definitely wasn’t one of them—not that Steve wanted to marry per se, but it was nice to know that he had options.
Steve felt his right eye twitch.  He wasn’t ashamed about his sexual proclivities by any means, but he had never been the type to broadcast anything about his personal life. “Both of them.”
“Of course, not,” Tony lied through his teeth. “That’s a ridiculous notion and, quite frankly, a terrible idea.”
“I was just out cold for twelve hours, and asleep for a good seventy years before that, I think I’ve had enough rest for a while,” Steve said lightly.
"I live in Brooklyn, Tony.  Spending an hour on the subway to come here isn’t really my idea of fun.”
The man had a hard time taking care of himself, but it wasn’t by any means deliberate.  Tony just got so wrapped up in his own genius that he’d sometimes forget to perform basic human functions like eating and sleeping, but he had been doing better ever since Steve and the team made themselves his personal alarm clocks.
“Still,” Tony says, eyes flickering to the ring hanging around Steve’s neck, “it couldn’t have been easy.”  Steve notices him clench his left hand, no doubt trying to feel the same gold band on his finger.  “Don’t even try lying to me.”
The silence in the quinjet is stifling, and all Tony can think about as he looks at the weary faces of his teammates is:
a statement: something that Steve honestly believed was the truth, and Tony felt a his chest constrict at the thought).
“It’s just… I never expected our life to be like this… I mean, you’ve always been in my plans–ever since I met you, I knew I’d do whatever it took to keep you for the rest of my life–but I know this isn’t… This can’t be what you expected.”
, but… I never say the right things—at least, not when it really matters.  I’ve had too many missed opportunities because I was so preoccupied with waiting for the right person.  I haven’t had a lot of good things in my life, Tony, but I want to hold on to the few that I’ve got.”
“That was before I decided to take all of you in,” Tony said, throwing the damp towel at Steve’s head and scowling when Steve caught it easily. “Do you know how much property damage a team of superheroes can do?”
Sam approaches him and shakes his hand. “You probably don’t remember, but we met a few years back at a demonstration.  I’m—”
“Then I’ll personally see to it that you never have that problem again,” Steve said, kissing Tony on the mouth.
“You slept with Steve,” Rhodey repeated. “Okay, so if you slept together, that means that he’s gotta be interested in you… right?  Or maybe not,” he added when Tony remained silent. “Wait, if he isn’t interested, then how did you sleep together in the first place?”
"Great.”  He somehow manages to slip away from Steve’s body and the table, and starts making his way up the stairs to his apartment. “Just give me twenty minutes to shower and put on some decent clothes, and then we can take your bike."
, and his hands run across Steve’s chest, scrambling for purchase.  He clenches his muscles just as he brings his hips back down again, and Steve comes with a shout, back bowing off the bed as he spends himself in Tony’s body.  And Tony can’t help the pride he feels in knowing that the blissful look on Steve’s face is because of
Tony should be ecstatic.  He should be running back to Steve's room, not standing in a puddle of coffee in the middle of a hospital cafeteria.  He can't formulate any words, and moving his body seems to be even more difficult.  Instead, he just drops into the nearest chair and puts his head in his hands.
it happened.  I tried talking to him the morning after, but he didn’t even want to acknowledge it.  And now he’s on a date.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile when he saw Tony’s sleeping face next to him.  The man looked so peaceful—so unlike how Steve normally saw him, bogged down with stress and the weight of the world’s security on his shoulders.  Even when Tony was in a more relaxed environment, Steve could tell that he still had a million things running through his mind.
“Often enough,” Sarah confirms. “I remember the first time I caught him stumbling out of the coatroom with one of his childhood friends.”
Steve’s knee almost knocks against the gear-shift before his date suggests they move to the bed of the truck, and Steve then proceeds to spend a good four minutes fumbling with the zipper of his date’s pants.  Steve’s date is more experienced, though not by much.
“I’ve got you.”  Those three words were the only warning Steve got before Tony pulled his fingers free and flipped them over so he could kneel between Steve’s legs.
Tony looked at him disbelievingly. “You don’t have to appease me or anything just because you live under my roof now, Rogers—”
Tony swears his heart rate increases the closer they get to the top floor, and he’s afraid that he’s going to faint again once the doors finally slid open, but Phil just ushers him out of the elevator and practically pushes him through the foyer and into the sitting room.  Phil leaves Tony there without word and shuts the door behind him.
“Yeah, and you’ve been trying to p-prove that to me ever since we started dating," Tony retorted, resisting the urge to fuck up into Steve's hand.  He wanted this to last.  "Did I tell you how much I enjoyed our session in the pool last night, by the way?”
Sam looks dumbfounded. “Wow, both Captain America and Iron Man ask me for help in the same week?  I’m dreaming, right?”
“Why would I want to see him?” Steve asked, even as he pulled the sheets off of his body and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  Was he really that predictable?
There was no way in hell that Tony would jeopardize his friendship with Steve over something so insignificant as a
“I just want you to know how I feel,” Steve says, “I didn’t think it was fair for me to lie to you—or myself, for that matter.  And I know the last place I should be saying this is in the middle of a demolished building with a bunch of SHIELD agents swarming us, but I saw you fall from the sky and I just… I needed to tell you while I still had the chance.”
“Steve has told me a lot about you as well, although I am sad to say that he left out a few details,” Tony says, earning him another laugh from Joseph.
Tony squeezes his eyes shut and pinches the bridge of his nose.  He slowly counts to ten before looking at the receptionist again.  “I’m Tony
Tony’s hand freezes over the door to the bathroom and looks over his shoulder to see a hoard of reporters and photographers stampeding towards him.
Tony frowns. “What is it?” he asks, brushing the hair away from his eyes.  ”Are you okay?  Thor warned me that you might feel a little drunk, but I didn’t think it’d be this bad.”
What good was he if Tony—who Steve had sworn to protect until the end of his days—ended up having to save
“It’s fine.  We’re dating, aren’t we?” Steve reasons.  “I’m sure we do it all the time.  We’ve known each other like this for almost two weeks now; we aren’t strangers.”
“I’m fine,” Steve assured, leaning close enough that his breath tickled Tony’s ear. “Besides, I have you to warm me up, don’t I?” he crooned.
“It isn’t very polite to force others into do something they don’t want to,” Steve retorts, and his ensuing glare is enough to make Ty release his grip on Tony’s hips.
“Steve has been waiting a long time for someone like you,” Bucky continues. "I didn’t realize it then, but you’re exactly what he needs, and for some reason, he seems good for you too.”
“If he’s half the man you say he is, then I suppose he’ll do,” Rhodey says reluctantly. “But I wanna meet him, and I’m sure Pepper will want to as well.  If this guy thinks he can date my best friend without even properly introducing himself to me, then he’s got another thing coming.”
“Your majesty,” Tony greets whilst bowing his head.  He doesn’t actually know the guidelines for meeting a King and Queen, but he hopes he isn’t making a huge fool of himself.
Around the tower, Tony is generally less shy.  He has no qualms about kissing Steve or cuddling with him on the couch—and one morning while Steve was making breakfast, Tony had come up behind him and grabbed his ass—but once their friends are in the vicinity, Tony adapts the mentality of… of…
“You’re getting on my case for working eight hours straight?  That’s a far cry from the worst I’ve ever done,” Tony pointed out, even as he began to close out of his projects. “Isn’t the typical work day nine hours or something like that?”
—how much Tony meant to him, how much he loved him.  He wanted to shout it from the rooftops; wanted to be able to kiss him without worrying about other people walking into the room.  Steve was certain that he’d never feel the same about anyone else.
Tony hummed in agreement, the distant sound of waves crashing on the rocky shore below almost drowning it out. “We haven’t had a real vacation in over a year.”
“JARVIS doesn’t lie, Tony,” Steve said, sounding a little too pleased for Tony’s liking. “Anyway, I asked him if you had seen any musicals lately, and he said you haven’t been to the theatre since you were a teenager.”
Steve put his head on the counter, refusing to give Tony the satisfaction of the blush slowly spreading over his cheeks.  Tony had mentioned to Steve on multiple occasions that making Captain America flustered was one of his favorite pastimes.
“You’re welcome to crash here tonight,” Tony offers. “God knows I have plenty of spare rooms.  Feel free to use whatever.”  He stands up and stretches, working out the kinks in his back.  When he looks back at Steve, he realizes the man had been intently looking the patch of skin where his shirt had ridden up.  “Something wrong?”
“Yeah, of course,” Tony said distractedly.  Glancing at the clock on his desk, he realized he had been staring at the same document in his hands for a good twenty minutes. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
They talk and take turns sipping the cheap whiskey, and eventually they find themselves kissing. In the grand scheme of things, they barely know each other—having only met a couple of months prior because of a mutual friend.  Steve thinks it’s just fine because he likes this guy, and he’s pretty sure the feeling is mutual.
Tony continued to take and take and take, and Steve let him.  He knew it would be impossible to give Tony everything he wanted—everything he
Tony was still looking out the window, clutching his mug like a lifeline.  He was usually so talkative in the morning—whether he was rambling on about something he invented the night prior, or telling Clint to stop stealing the food off of his plate—but today, he was uncharacteristically quiet.
“What’s going on?” Tony and Pepper looked towards the elevator and saw Steve walking over, dressed in his workout gear. “I was going to go for a run,” the man continued, “but there’s a swarm of paparazzi outside the mansion.  Did something happen?”
“N-no fair,” Tony breathes out.  He kind of regrets telling Steve just how much of a turn-on the accent is.   Kind of.
“Okay, okay.  'Captain Kirk’ it is,” Steve relented, but the smile on his face was fond. “Any ideas for the other guy?”
Steve nodded, rolling his shoulders and looking anywhere that wasn’t Tony. “You weren’t exactly welcoming when I got back,” he admitted, a bit spitefully.
“Yeah, well his head would’ve just smashed it in and you would’ve had internal bleeding,” Steve stated.
“Well… yeah?” Steve says, unsure now. “We’re teammates right?  And I… I’d like to think we’re friends.  You don’t willingly have week-long movie marathons with people that aren’t your friends.”
“I know you like it when I touch you here,” Tony says, fingers pressing into the inside of Steve’s thigh. “And that you’re ticklish right—”
Steve’s job is by no means an easy one.  Protecting the security of the free world isn’t exactly a 9 to 5 job, and as rewarding as it can be at the end of the day, it’s a constant weight on Steve’s shoulders.
Tony flinched, eyes widening a fraction before they narrowed. “Fuck you, Rogers,” and he pushed past Steve and made his way back out into the downpour, his shirt sticking to him like a second skin within seconds. Steve went right after him with a low curse, grabbing Tony’s arm and trying to pull him back around by the side of the shed.  Why did it always feel like they were always moving backwards? It was like they were magnets constantly pushing against each other.
Steve drops his bags, and Tony practically runs into his open arms, relishing the feel of being surrounded by
“I’m just helping him out,” Tony defended. “He wanted some dating tips, so I offered my services.  Besides, weren’t you and Rhodey telling me to get back out there?   He’s helping me do that.”
He lay there holding Tony as he slept, and watched as the man’s face was bathed in the golden glow of sunlight, dancing across his dark eyelashes, his nose, the softness of his lips.  It was a mesmerizing sight: one that Steve realized he wouldn’t mind waking up to every morning for the
Tony came up on the tips of his toes and pressed a sweet kiss to Steve’s lips. “I thought you’d never ask.”
“W-well, would you look at the time!” Steve stammers. “We’re going to be late if we don’t get moving—”
“Very much.” Tony shivered when another strong gust of wind blew past them. “Are you sure you aren’t cold?”
“Coffee?” Tony offers as he puts the bowl full of batter on the counter and lowers the heat of the griddle–the tension in Bucky’s face and shoulders gives Tony the feeling that the man is here for business.
And if Tony had developed a silly crush on his teammate along the way, then no one but him had to know about it.
The day Steve actually became legitimately concerned for the man’s health was after Dr. Doom had tried the whole world domination thing again. The army of Doombots was three times the size as usual, and even with the help of the Fantastic Four, it took a good seven hours to finally get rid of every single one of them.
The ride back to the tower was excruciating: Tony drove so cautiously that Steve was half-tempted to get out of the car and walk back himself.  He was sorely tempted to say something, but he bit his tongue.  Tony was furious with him as it was—he didn’t need any more ammunition.
“Good use of your deductive reasoning skills then,” Tony comments, sprinkling some more flower food onto the soil.  He finds himself spending more and more time in the garden these days.  It was nice to get away from work every now and then.  “What about you make yourself useful?” he says, handing over a spray bottle.
Steve turned his head and found Tony’s face inches away from his.  However, he wasn’t fazed in the slightest—he had long ago grown accustomed to Tony invading his personal space. “That’s not very nice.”
Tony made a sound of approval. “I won’t deny he has good taste in literature.  Don’t know if I can say the same for his wardrobe.”
It’s six months into their relationship when Tony comes home from another long day at work, and kisses Steve on the nose before presenting him with yet another red rose, that Steve realizes how absolutely
“Oh,” Steve said, the frown on his face morphing into a grin. “Good.”  He spun on his heel and resumed walking, quietly whistling the tune to
fault that he was off in the Hamptons in some swanky hotel with Tony with no immediate means of escape.
“Yes, we are,” Tony announced, playing along and tugging Steve out of the elevator. “And did our lovely children behave while we were gone?”
“I wouldn’t say that…” Steve replied; he still wasn’t comfortable with talking about himself.  It was just a hobby back then, barely enough to pay the bills.
He started a slow and steady rhythm that left Steve a shaking mess under him, the tension from trying to keep himself under control evident in every muscle in his body.
“Tony,” Thor said calmly, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder, but Tony moved away. “I am sure he meant no harm—”
“And you can call me ‘Joseph,’” the King adds. “Stephen has told us so much about you.  It is nice to finally put a face to the name,” he says, and it feels like a weight is lifted off Tony’s shoulders.
Steve grudgingly sat up and raked his hands through his already messy hair.  He took a deep breath before saying: “I’m in love with Tony.”
Tony pushes at Steve’s shoulder impatiently, and he moves away long enough to allow Tony to flip them over.
No, he isn’t a virgin by any means, but he does like to take things slow.  The others call him ‘old fashioned,’ but the thing is, he’s just never been comfortable having sex with someone he barely knows.
Tony grinned. “So our little assassin is secretly a thespian.  Who knew?”  He polished off the rest of his waffle. “JARVIS?”
Steve opened the bottle and poured a liberal amount of lube on his fingers. “We’ll get there,” he replied before reaching behind himself.
“Yeah, okay.  Bye.” Tony pocketed his phone and turned his attention to Steve. “Your fixation on this car is getting a little unhealthy,” he remarked as he approached the taller man.
Then she sees Tony re-enter the room from… the balcony? How did he manage to slip out from her radar?
Steve’s most successful relationship had been with Sharon.  Admittedly, he enjoyed getting to know her over the course of the few months they dated, but it didn’t take long for them both to realize that their respective jobs had to come first.  Their split, although amicable, was still a little disappointing—especially since finding someone with shared life experience was so hard to come by.
“I’m not saying that none of this wouldn’t have happened if you had talked to me, but things may have gone a little differently if I had given you more reason to trust me,” Steve explains. “I know I often jump to conclusions, but I’ve been trying to work on that.”
.  Maybe it was the romanticism of the city, or maybe it was just the fact that the two of them were sitting on a hotel bed together wearing next to nothing—but Tony recognized an opportunity when he saw one, and he knew this could be his first and final chance with Steve.
Tony sounded so sincere—so different from the usual sarcasm and witticisms that he normally spoke, and Steve didn’t know how to handle it.
Steve forced himself into a sitting position, albeit much slower this time.  He shivered a little when the sheets pooled at his waist, exposing his bare chest to the chilly air-conditioning.  He delicately poked at the bandaging on his torso, hiding a wince when he found the stab wound. “I’m fine,” he gritted out.
“I’m not an invalid,” Tony muttered.  He continued his bitching even as he slipped his arms through the sleeves to better protect himself from the wind—he hated seeing the smug smile on Steve’s face whenever the man was right about anything. “Thank you, by the way.” “It’s just a jacket.”
“That’s a good idea,” Steve agreed.  He turned to the man sitting at the head of the table. “Would you like to do the honors, Tony?”
“Mm… happy,” Steve says, words slurring together a bit.  He sounds much too chipper for someone who almost died not 24-hours ago.
“I’ll see you boys in the morning,” Natasha says.  She takes one last worrying glance at Steve before leaving the room.
Tony’s breath catches at the admission. “What if I’m not good enough for him?” he whispers.  He startles when Peggy gently places a hand on his shoulder.
“Sam went down to DC for the weekend, and Thor was visiting Jane, but he should be back anytime now.”
He was interrupted by a knock on his door, and Clint poked his head in a moment later. “Oh, good.  You’re finally awake,” he said by way of greeting.  He flopped down on the bed next to
“Thanks, J—Hey!  Dummy, stop it!  Don’t put that there, that’s—!” Tony was abruptly cut off when half of the objects on the workbench fell to the floor.
Steve hasn’t minded though, even if it was a little ridiculous. After all, every one had a weird quirk or two.
The wood of the podium suddenly cracks where Steve is gripping the edge, and it isn’t until Steve feels the splinters digging into his skin that he notices it.
The room was a comfortable temperature, Tony always made sure of that, but there were some nights where Steve could still feel the chill of the ice deep in his bones.  The episodes were random at best, and occurred much less frequently than when he had first woken from the ice, but that didn’t make them any easier to endure.
“I know he has somewhat of a… reputation,” Bucky says, “but the man’s gotten his heart broken more times than I could count.  I’ve seen him at his best, Tony, but I’ve also seen him at his worst, and if there’s a way I can prevent the worst, then you can be damn well sure I’m going to try.”
,” Tony said, picking off a piece of pepperoni and popping it into his mouth. “Here, I’ll give you your first dating tip: pizzerias are not ideal first date locations.  Yes, pizza is wonderful and delicious and basically the food of the gods, but getting sauce and grease all over your face is not the best way to make a first impression.”
“Ugh, fine.”  Tony moved off of Steve and settled on his back again, pulling the covers up to his neck.  He stared up at the ceiling and waited for the gentle lull of sleep to finally come.
But before Steve could say anything, Tony grabs him by the shirt collar and pulls him down for a kiss.
“I’m already looking into hiring a nanny,” Tony assured. “JARVIS is running background checks on a couple candidates as we speak.”  He clapped his hands together. “Now, Steve Rogers, light of my life, I’d like you to meet the six newest members of the Stark-Rogers clan: Gizmo, Dodger, Albie, Chewie, Tesla and Matisse.”
“After you vanished for three months?” Tony scoffed and pulled away from Steve’s grip, even though all he wanted to do was move further into the blond’s space. “What?  After spending the past six months together, you didn’t think I’d notice that you were gone?  Of course I noticed!  Right about the time you missed your self-proclaimed ‘anniversary’ that night, and the dozens of unanswered texts.”
Steve is the one that blushes this time. “I mean, uh… you’re always with such classy, high society people, and—”
Thor clapped him on the back. “Don’t be so humble, friend,” he said kindly. “Tony is a very lucky man.”
Tony just couldn’t resist walking into a store and buying a dozen red velvet cupcakes from Sprinkles, or a box of vanilla buttercreams from Magnolia Bakery. Hell, he had even sent Happy on the equivalent of late-night Tampax runs for some of the sugary, baked goods.
“A terrible privilege, I know.”  Steve turned his body so he could get a better look at his companion.  The movement made the quilt that was draped around them ride up, exposing Steve’s feet to the cool air, but he ignored it. “And what about you?”
that I love you, and I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier, or make my intentions more clear, but—mmf!”
So he graduates (early, of course), starts working, and eventually takes over the company.  And maybe he makes slightly more responsible decisions, but he doesn’t stop partying.  Doesn’t stop sleeping with people he barely knows because sex is a wonderful distraction, and a ton of fun—it’s nudity and orgasms, so why wouldn’t it be?
Steve realized (after the third time they slept together), that apart from the sex, it was like they were dating all along.
’ when you avoid responsibilities and neglect to take care of yourself,” Rhodey corrected. “I didn’t come to New York so I could hang out with Thor and Sam while my best friend was holed up in his office.”
The rest of the team knows what Tony’s trying to do, but the last thing they want to do is meddle because nothing good ever comes out of it (they may have tried once or… five times, already).
“Pointers? On dating?” Natasha questioned.  Her brow furrowed when Steve nodded. “Why would you ask Stark for dating tips when we’ve been trying to help you—”
The brunet looks at him mournfully. “You need someone who can give you everything you deserve, Steve.”
“You think highly of everything Sam does,” Thor teased, earning a particularly hard punch in the arm from Natasha. “That was uncalled for.”
Of course, Tony had had plenty of experience kissing others—he’d also had plenty of experience having
Tony spins around and finds himself face to face with Natasha.  Aside from a couple of bruises on her face and a brace on her left wrist, she looks normal: not at all bad for someone who helped take down HYDRA less than twenty-four hours ago.  “Oh, thank God,” Tony says, relieved to find a familiar face.  “Where is he?”
.  Jessica Jones is the one that suggests they finally have a real press conference a month later with just a handful of the most prominent Avengers, but Steve demands to go as well, because the reporters would definitely say something about the leader not being there.
Tony was good at charming people.  He knew how to win them over and grab their attention long enough to get them into bed with him.
"I heard that you’re usually forward with others,” Steve said with a shrug. “I thought that’s just how things are done these days."
“Fuck,” Tony mutters under his breath.  He tosses back his coffee, wishing it were something stronger.
“We finished the financials earlier than expected, so I ducked out,” Bucky informs. “I thought this would be a good opportunity to talk.  To you,” he adds.
Tony nodded, glad for the diversion. “Yeah, it was pretty great, but the theatrics tonight were incredible.  Kelli O’Hara was fantastic.”
“Maybe it is that simple,” Rumiko countered. “Maybe you’re just overcomplicating things.” Tony desperately wished that were the truth. “I’m sorry if I ruined your night,” he said sincerely.
Maybe it was the comfort of knowing someone else was there: someone who understood exactly what Tony was going through.  Steve never made a big deal out of it, and Tony knew it wasn’t unheard of to want some physical contact after having such traumatic nightmares (he wouldn’t have been surprised if Natasha and Clint did the same thing).
“Fuck if I know!” Tony says.  He turns to Pepper, who’s flipping through the channels on their television. “Pepper, now isn’t the time for TV!  I’d like to know
Tony nods. “I’ve never felt like this about anyone before, Rhodey.  I… I really like him, and I wanna be with him, and—”
“Here’s your Coke,” she announced, placing the drink in front of Tony. “Do y’all need anything else, or should I just bring the check?”
Tony has JARVIS hide all evidence of the photos, and is about to dial the number of the Daily Bugle to give them an earful when Steve returns from his run and places one of the tabloid magazines on the counter.
“I should’ve known better than to let you meet my parents,” Steve mutters under his breath as he toes off his shoes.
“That night was an outlier,” Tony refuted.  His hands settled on Steve’s thighs. “I hadn’t gotten laid in over a year.”
Clint sneaks out of the kitchen, extra careful so as not to make any noise.  However, it’s proven to be futile when he hears the loud crash of a plate falling onto the floor, followed by a low, drawn out moan.
Tony’s knees go a little weak.  He hobbles over and folds onto the floor next to Steve.  He reaches out, but hesitates.  Steve then reaches up to cup his face, fingers light on Tony’s overheated skin, and Tony feels his heart do a loop-de-loop.
“I know you like it better on your back,” Tony says, better positioning himself on top of Steve.  “I know you like it when I kiss your neck like this.”
“I bet,” Steve said, stealing a slice and devouring half of it in one bite. “You took up the entire bed.”
Tony welcomes the arms that wrap around his waist.  “What gave me away?” he asks, leaning into the kiss that Steve presses against his temple.
“You’re the only one who ever actually talks to him,” Rhodey reasons. “We’ve seen the way he looks at you.”
“You know how I feel about texting,” Steve muttered, mostly to himself.  He wiped a hand down his face like he always did when he didn’t know how to handle Tony and his moods.
Sam gapes. “Oh, come on! You guys knew and didn’t tell me?!” he hisses after them, obviously offended that he hadn’t been told.
“JARVIS, when was the last time I went out on a date?” Tony asked as he lathered his hair with shampoo.  It was getting a little long; maybe it was time for a cut.
Steve blushes, and Tony resists the urge to pinch his cheeks–he still needs time to guage what kind of PDA would be appropriate.
to sleep with someone—wait, you know what?  I’ve known you long enough to know that I probably don’t want to know the answer to that.”
Tony tried to give as good as he got, but Steve’s tongue was deadly.  Steve was taking and taking and
“They kept talking about how cute you two are,” Pepper said.  Tony knew she meant it as some sort of compliment, but the entire dinner was just a rude reminder of the one thing that Tony wanted but
“I’m not still hung up on her.”  Tony wasn’t sure why he felt compelled to say that, because it had been
Steve’s smile broadens and he steps back, takes a sip of his coffee, and then sidles back out of the kitchen, humming a tune.
“No, I didn’t, but the night isn’t over yet,” Rumiko pointed out. “C’mon, I think you owe me at least one dance before this boring party ends.”
“Wanna talk about it?” Tony asks, carding his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve’s gotten into the habit of leaving it a little longer—Tony had mentioned once or twice how much he liked it that way.
He actually finds it pretty hilarious, except on nights like tonight where he finds himself being kissed by yet another young model or singer or rising businessman. .
Tony scowled. “Low blow, Ms. Romanoff.  Why don’t—Hey, why are you up here so early anyway?” he questioned. “I thought for sure you’d still be downstairs ripping shots with Coulson an—Oh.” Tony raised an eyebrow when he caught sight of Clint and Sam, both of whom were passed out on the floor.  Well, that solved the mystery of his supposed roommate. “Any chance you need help babysitting the two drunk birds?”
“Well,” Steve says, glancing down, hands slipping into his jeans’ pockets, “you haven’t seen all of me yet.”
Steve shook his head. “I wouldn’t hide something like that from you guys, especially if it could affect the team.”
At first, Steve had been surprised by how well they got along.  He had been so intimidated by Tony because the man was the embodiment of the future.  Steve didn’t know how he could compare to someone like Tony Stark, but Tony seemed to value his opinions on things all the same.
“It didn’t mean anything!” Steve said quickly. “It was one time in Paris and it didn’t mean anything.  It’s fine.  I’m over it and—”
It isn’t something that Tony is proud—or ashamed—of.   It was merely a fact: just a statement of truth.
“It could still happen, Tony.  I’m an easy target.  I’ve had my fair share of kidnappings when I was a kid,” Steve said, surprising Tony. He remembered Steve saying something about getting kidnapped once, but
So out of the dozens and dozens of first dates, there are maybe a handful of second and third dates, and of
Steve pressed a kiss to the hollow of Tony’s throat, his shoulders shaking under the strain of staying still so Tony could accommodate his size.
He spends the better half of the night staring at the words scrawled on the piece of paper before taking out his phone and shooting a quick text.
“This is gonna be a thing, isn’t it?” Sam says with dread. “As adorable as you two are, I don’t think I can handle watching you guys do
"Thank you,” Tony says when they get to Tony’s bedroom door. “No one’s ever…” He clears his throat. “Tonight was great.  I had a really nice time."
He manages to utter a broken “I miss him” before falling to his knees and surrendering to the tears.  The room immediately falls silent, save for Steve’s sobs.  Captain America, their nation’s icon, breaks on live television: it’s a sight that no one had ever thought they’d see, let alone be possible.
Both of them look up and see a very tense Steve standing at the other side of the kitchen.  Ty immediately backs off, but his hands don’t leave Tony’s body.
Tony looks over Steve’s shoulder towards the deck of the country club, where an army of waiters is putting the finishing touches on what looks like a very lavish party: rearranging place settings, touching up the floral center pieces, and assembling what looked like an enormous cupcake tower on one of the tables towards the back.  There’s even a sixteen-piece jazz orchestra setting up on the stage.
Tony positive his hearing is damaged from their fight with Klaw, because there’s no way he had heard Steve correctly.  “I’m sorry, what?”
Steve shrugged. “Not interested,” he said, feeling no need to elaborate—he already told Tony about his missed date with Peggy.
.”  Tony knew it was petty, but he was already well aware of the age gap between him and Steve.  He really didn’t need any additional reminders of the fact.
.  “I don’t understand how you can even look at me right now.  None of this would’ve happened if you hadn’t gotten involved with me.”
“Tony, wait!  I wanted to tell you, I really did. You were in a board meeting when I got the tip-off from Sam, and I couldn’t wait, so I never got the chance to—” Steve’s grip on Tony’s arm slackened, but he didn’t let go. “Bucky ran me into the ground for three months and when I got back, I couldn’t get to you,” Steve explained, hand sliding down Tony’s arm so he could lace their fingers together. “When I got to the Tower, you wouldn’t let me into the lab. After three months, I felt so defeated.  I thought…”
Steve covered Tony’s mouth with his own, effectively shutting the other man up.  He meant for it to be chaste, just a small reminder to Tony that they were both there, and nothing else mattered, but he soon felt Tony tugging on his shirt collar to pull him closer.  Steve, of course, obliged, getting lost in the feel of Tony’s lips, tongue, mouth, against his own.  The kiss quickly escalated to something more desperate, more frantic.  Tony was impatiently trying to take off Steve’s shirt, and Steve reluctantly pulled away to finish the job himself.
They get paired up to work on a project together, and it’s through their late night meetings at the coffee shop that they get to know each other over the course of the month.  Tony falls for Steve in every single way imaginable, but given his string of unsuccessful ‘relationships,’ he doesn’t decide to pursue anything with him (at least not so soon).
He’s working as a freelance artist, barely scraping by as it is when his mother gets sick.  He’s pacing in the hallway of the hospital trying to figure out a way to finance the care that his mother desperately needs. He walks into Maria Hill, who’s there to visit a friend recovering from an appendectomy, and almost causes her to spill her coffee all over her satin blouse.
“What’s wrong with that?  I can’t imagine Captain America wanting to get drunk enough to strip and dance around the tower.”
This time, it’s Steve who looks at him in disbelief. “Why are you looking at me like I’ve suddenly grown another head?”
He broke the kiss and peered down at Steve, eyes wild with arousal as he unzipped the fly of Steve’s jeans and teased the his cock out with a couple of lazy strokes strokes. He smirked when Steve threw his head back in relief.
After knocking on the doors of half a dozen other rooms and annoying the occupants of each (and being threatened by more than one person that they’d call hotel security on him for causing a disturbance), he finally stumbled upon Natasha’s room and she looked
“I’m just thinking… he may have a point?” Steve ventured carefully, not wanting to push Tony too far. “Maybe it
They’re arguing about what languages are the most difficult to learn a few minutes later when Steve realizes that not only does he feel warm, he’s also loose and happy.  He blinks at the almost empty stein in his hand and then glances up at Thor, a wondering sort of surprise blooming in his chest.
Tony remained relatively silent for the duration of the meal—only speaking if asked a direct question.
what you did all night?” Sam remarks when Tony returns the next morning, a familiar red, white, and blue object slung across his back.
Steve rubbed his temples. “You don’t happen to remember the conversation we all had a few days ago, do you?”
"So,” Tony starts, taking Steve’s hand in his. “Steve Rogers, I’d like to take you on a date tonight.  And the night after that, and basically every night after that.  If you want to, that is."
“You weren’t kidding when you said you were starving,” Steve remarked, watching Tony finish his second slice of pizza while Steve had barely started on his first.  He debated making a comment about having manners at the table, but in truth, Steve was glad that Tony was eating at
They fall onto Steve’s bed together and it feels like they spend hours—even days—mapping every inch of each other’s’ bodies before Steve finally presses inside him.
Tony just took another bite of his pizza.  Some sauce dripped onto his chin, and Steve stifled a laugh, thinking of what the press would say if they saw the self-proclaimed genius-billionaireplayboy-philanthropist in such a state. “What’s so funny?” Tony asked.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Natasha.  “Of course there aren’t.” Part of him felt betrayed that his friends had all conspired against him, but another part of him knew that they were all just doing what they thought was best—even if they were playing dirty.
“You know you can always come to me if you need anything, Tony,” Steve responds, his voice uncharacteristically shaky.
In hindsight, Steve should’ve seen it coming: the gradual progression of their grudging respect to genuine like to… whatever they were now that felt like the most natural thing in the world.
He knew that Bruce and Natasha collectively stocked an entire kitchen cabinet with herbal teas, but they hated any blends that were overwhelming fruity.  He knew Thor had a small library in his room of books by his favorite authors that he liked to reread in his spare time.  He knew Tony secretly enjoyed watching soap operas (or mocking them, same difference), and that Clint spent Thursday afternoons at the local animal shelter.
“According to this, she’d still be CEO,” Natasha informs. “You’d just assume Tony’s role as President. Makes everything a lot easier for any children you guys might have—”
“Whatever you want,” Tony promised.  He didn’t hurry, but he managed to thrust harder, getting impossibly deeper inside Steve.
He remembers going back with Tony and rescuing the civilians that got in way of the blast.  He remembers more bombs going off, and remembers taking the villain down in much more time than before: there’s exponentially more damage, but significantly less casualties, and even if that is all that Steve could’ve accomplished, it would’ve been worth it.
No, Tony wasn’t the egotistic, selfish asshole that Steve initially made him out to be.  In fact, Tony turned out to be quite the opposite.
Steve felt the tension in his shoulders dissipate with every feather light touch of Tony’s fingers, his body relaxing and melding against Tony’s like they were one.
“Me too.”  Tony immediately regretted the lackluster response.  “I feel the same way, I mean, about you,” he backtracked. “But you deserve more than I could ever give you.”
Yes, the break-up had been painful, but Tony knew when to let go.  He wanted Pepper to be happy, and if he couldn’t give her that, then he wanted to give her the freedom to find it.
Tony clutches at Steve like a lifeline: Steve’s kisses are intoxicating, and Tony wants to give him as good as he gets. “I’m very hot,” he murmurs against Steve’s mouth.
“What do you think I deserve, then?” Tony inquires.  He isn’t sure where he gets this sudden bout of confidence, but his date’s gone to hell, so he figures he doesn’t have anything to lose.
Natasha nodded. “We’re talking about you and Tony.  This has absolutely nothing to do with the way we work on the field.”
“Just let me wallow in self-pity for another minute longer, Sam.”  Steve knew he looked absolutely pitiful sprawled on his couch wearing a worn t-shirt and sweatpants, but he hadn’t had much motivation to leave his suite as of late.  He figured the stubble on his face didn’t help his appearance much either. “Whatever happened to knocking?”
—and sure, it’s a little disappointing (Steve won’t deny that), but the last thing he wants to do is scare Tony off.
“Well, I lied,” Tony says, refusing to look Steve in the eye.  “You should know when not to take me seriously.”  Tony looks back when Steve doesn’t say anything after a full minute.  He frowns when he realizes Steve is trying not to laughing. “This isn’t funny,” Tony whines. “Laughing isn’t a very appropriate way to respond to someone who just told you they want to
Tony desperately tries to make sense of the entire situation: the last thing he had been expecting when he woke up this morning was a proposal, let alone a
,” he says, and clenches both his hands just above his bellybutton. “It makes me feel so good.  I’d make you laugh all the time if I could.”
One thing Tony wasn’t prepared for, however, was getting snatched and thrown into a moving van by a group of large men while doing some last minute gift-shopping for Steve’s birthday.
Tony huffs, and his eyes crinkle.  They sort of sparkle when he smiles like that; it’s amazing.  Tony is one of the most attractive people Steve’s ever met. “You’re
“I admit I thought you had been bullshitting me when you told me about how you accidentally adopted Rover, but you really weren’t kidding.
“I meant for tonight,” Tony clarified. “I haven’t been to a Broadway show since I was a kid.” “I know.”
He shuffles over to the coffeepot, and despite the internal voice screaming at Tony to run the hills, he stands there, rooted to the spot, coffee mug hanging empty in his hand.
“Is your boss okay with you missing out on so much work?” Sarah asks during one of Steve’s daily visits.  Her voice is hoarse, and her skin is paler than the last time he had seen it, but there’s still the fiery spark in her eyes that he’s always remembered.
Tony felt an icy chill deep in his bones the moment Steve stepped out of his space.  It was a realization hitting him like a freight train, consuming him like the soft cologne that clung to the leather of Steve’s jacket.
“I thought you said that we were going to a charity auction in Manhattan,” Tony says as the car pulls up to a seaside country club.
Tony let go of Steve’s wrists and moved off his lap, settling himself between Steve’s legs.  He kept one hand on Steve’s hip while the other wrapped around the base of Steve’s cock, guiding it into his mouth.
So they wine and dine, and share an entire plate of homemade cannolis.  Steve pays for the meal, and afterwards, they walk around the city before Steve drives them home on his motorcycle.
“I know that, but there’s still this tiny part of me that refuses to believe it,” Tony explained. “I mean, just a few years ago, I didn’t think I’d actually become
“I don’t know whether to feel embarrassed that yet another portrait of me exists, or offended that you didn’t ask for our permission first,” Steve said, looking at the painting with a critical eye.  He could appreciate a fine piece of art, of course, and it
“I know my reputation often precedes me—and why wouldn’t it?  I was a jerk for most of my adult life, but I’m not that kind of guy anymore, and I—” Tony paused. “This conversation should really be going the other way.”
He had no idea why Pepper told them all go to the function since it was mainly him and Tony that had to go to these events.  It
“I told them Fury sent me on a special ops mission.  Top secret stuff,” Steve said with a playful wink.
But one day, Steve invites Tony to a party that his team is throwing later that night, and Tony obviously goes, and brings a couple of his fraternity brothers too.
“Oh, c’mon, Pep,” Tony whined.  In hindsight, he probably should’ve asked Pepper before giving the wedding planner the go-ahead.  “Next thing I know, you’ll be calling that giant bunny I got you for Christmas ‘tacky.’”
He had rented out the entire restaurant for their first date, an action that somehow inspired Steve to give a five-minute lecture on extravagance and being wasteful.  The man probably would’ve rambled on for much longer if Tony hadn’t told the owner to open up the dining room to other patrons.
“There’s nothing wrong with wanting to be close to someone,” Natasha says slowly. “It’s perfectly normal to depend on others.”
,” he admitted, his voice barely above a whisper. “I’m sorry that I walked out, and I’m sorry that I made you feel so badly about what you did, but it’s only because I want to give
“You were the only one that didn’t crash on the first try,” Tony recalls.  “It was very impressive.  Are you still…?”
Steve had sought out Tony in his bedroom later that night to have a talk with him, and instead found the guilt-ridden engineer sitting on his bedroom floor with a tumbler in his hand.
Tony gives him an unimpressed look but complies anyway, opening the box to reveal a simple gold band tucked inside. “You were going to propose?”
It’s nearly midnight when Steve gets to his feet and saunters over to Tony’s chair, settling himself on Tony’s lap before leaning down and capturing Tony’s lips in his.
?” Natasha counters.  “Look, you didn’t mess up what you had with Pepper, and you are not going to mess up what you have with Steve.  You and Pepper were always headed in different directions; there was nothing you could have done to stop that.”  She puts her hands on his shoulders.  “But you can’t base what you have with Steve on anything but what’s happening here and now.  Whatever becomes of you two is up to you two
Tony loves to touch him when they’re alone, whether it’s a simple brush of hands, or Tony’s tendency to mimic an octopus in bed.  When it’s just the two of them, Tony can’t seem to keep his hands off of Steve, and the kisses are just as recurrent.
The others take it slow, just as they had promised, but all of them had said they have no intentions of getting drunk tonight, so it isn’t like it really matters anyway.   Steve’s not exactly sure how the drink works.   Bruce murmurs something about
He and Steve were perfect complements, constantly keeping each other in check on the battlefield and off.  They grounded each other, never afraid to knock each other down a peg or two when necessary.  He and Steve could engage in a shouting match that nearly ended in physical blows in the morning and be perfectly fine by night, lounging in the living room and laughing at absolutely nothing.
“Then I don’t see what the problem is,” Steve countered.  “Do you not want everyone to know?  Because that’s fine, really.  I know you want to protect me, and I get it.  I shouldn’t have brought it up.  But I don’t see why we need to end this—”
“Oh.”  This was far from the first time they ran into each other after a restless night, and Steve knew better than to inquire any further; what Tony needed was a distraction. “You hungry?” he asked instead.
.  He padded over to the bed and settled himself on top of the covers.  Turning on his tablet, he got to work.
Prompt: The serum stops working while they're both still fairly young and Tony bargains with a demon or an asgardian or something to give half his life to Steve.  He won't live past seventy, but at least he'll have that much time with Steve beside him. And Steve is so MAD because Tony is literally killing himself for Steve.
Steve stole a glance at the man whose hand was still in his own: he was studying the photos, but the expression on his face was unreadable.
Today’s mission had been a relative success, but there were more casualties than Steve had accounted for.  He takes the elevator down to Tony’s workshop, keys in his personal code, and trudges through the sliding glass door.
They abruptly pull apart at the sound of Natasha’s voice, and look towards the doorway to find her and Sam with smug looks on their faces.
Clint finds out the next morning.  The hungover archer ambles toward the kitchen to find Tony making an omelet.  However, it isn’t the genius that catches his attention, but the half-naked super-soldier plastered against his back.  Clint rubs his eyes and does a double-take, unsure if it’s actually a hallucination.
Tony’s never done the whole meet-your-boyfriend’s-parents thing for two reasons: 1) he hasn’t even done the meet-your-best-friend’s-parents thing and 2) he’s never been in a relationship…
“Right.  Of course,” Steve replied, keeping his voice as level as possible.  It was now painfully obvious that Tony didn’t want anything more from him, and in fairness, Steve couldn’t blame him.  Steve wasn’t like any of the people that Tony had ever been involved with: he wasn’t a genius, he wasn’t sophisticated or suave and could barely string three words together under the spotlight.  He hadn’t even been in the future three years—what would Tony ever want with an old relic like him?
To Tony’s shock, the older woman actually laughs.  “Oh, that is far from the worst I have caught my son doing, dear.”
“I love you,” Steve declares. “You’re the most important person in my life. If there’s one thing about our relationship that I wish I could do over, it would be spending more of my time trying to convince you of it.”
“Not a chance, Rogers,” Tony said as they both got into the car and buckled up. “I’ve seen the way you drive.”
“So…” Steve ventured. “I was wondering if you were still available for dinner tonight like we planned.”
Steve is leaning against the wall, his arms crossed over his chest.  If it were any other day, Tony would expect him to start lecturing, but Steve remains silent, waiting for Tony to speak first.
“Where is everyone anyway?” Tony asked. “I know Bruce is away visiting Betty, but I haven’t seen anyone all weekend.”
“Right, but I thought I’d try to… finish it early?” Tony offers lamely, and it’s so pathetic Rhodey considers almost giving him a pass just because of that.
“I’m sure you’re well aware by now that Steve has had his fair share of lovers… but I’ve seen the way he looks at you, Tony,” she says. “He’s never looked at
“Better than yesterday,” Natasha replied, her eyes much softer than before. “He’s in his lab, if you wanna see him.”
When Steve woke up seventy years in the future, he realized he had missed out on an entire lifetime. Yes, it was unfortunate, but Steve made peace with it—he never expected to get to where he was without paying some sort of price.
Steve felt warm all over at the realization that this was all his now.  He could kiss Tony knowing that Tony would wholeheartedly kiss him back, and hold him every night as they drifted off to sleep.  He could wake up with Tony curled in his arms every single morning for…
with the King and Queen of the Isle of Shield, a ball held in his honor certainly isn’t one of them.
Tony thought for a moment before shaking his head. “Naah, I’m good,” he quipped before spinning her.
When Steve gets the proofs of the photoshoot a few weeks later, Tony takes his favorite—the one where Steve’s jacket is open and his tie is undone and he’s making
“You aren’t holding me back from doing anything,” Tony assured.  “I’m just not ready, that’s all.” “Really?”
“When?  Were you going to tell me 3 years from now with a wedding invitation?”  Rhodey grabs the remote and unmutes the television.
Steve straightened and found Tony giving him a smile that was undoubtedly a mirror-image of the one on Steve’s own face. “Are you free tonight?”
“This mess isn’t just your fault, Tony.  You need to stop thinking you’re alone in all of this.  I could’ve—” Steve shakes his head. “I can’t believe we’re actually fighting over who should take the blame.”
“I’m merely seeing things as they are,” Tony said, resolutely. “I haven’t been doing anything except delaying…
Steve is lying on the bed, completely still aside from the steady rise and fall of his chest, and hooked up to numerous machines.  Tony wonders if Natasha’s been here by herself, but there’s a stack of magazines and a number of empty coffee cups on the side table, so someone else must have stopped in too.
“Gold is the colour of being content in Asgard. White is for sadness, black for anger, the colour red stands for love. Envy is green, boredom grey and silver is embarrassment.”
for little children or rather their parents. While their mother and fathers would do their Christmas shopping, the little ones would get a Christmas story and, various snacks to eat (and hot chocolate. Of course, hot chocolate. No Christmas without a hot chocolate with mini marshmallows, whipped cream, sugar, and cinnamon).
Unfortunately, Tony’s presents tended to be… over the top. Very much over the top. With an average of $110 000 the present. When it came to gifts, Tony’s brilliant genius mind just switched itself off and went into a complete shopping overkill mode without checking if the gift, the prize or the consequences were coherent. Natasha wanting a new flat wasn’t a hint that he should buy her one in Manhattan. Bucky telling stories about Coney Island and the fun times they had had there in the forties wasn’t a hint that he wanted the license to the park. To be fair, what happened with Peter last year hadn’t been entirely his fault. The kid had written
The confession that this book, this stupid little book for $9.99 was really that important to him was ridiculous and showed Tony once again that he didn’t understand his boyfriend at all. Well, maybe a bit. Last year he had told Tony after another distribution of over the top gifts that it wasn’t exactly the prize but also the thought that counted. Tony had rolled his eyes back then. He wasn’t an idiot. of course, it had to be fitting to the person. There wasn’t much logic behind giving Bruce a spa day in Japan or in giving Bruce the invitation to a big party in Paris. But just at this very moment he understood that the prize was really not that important. What was important was that it fit the person, that the person could actually do something with it, use it.
It was almost unbelievable that Natasha actually ‘liked’ the present. Not that it wasn’t nice – and with a Budget of $10 probably even great – but it just was so… common. Marshmallows. Who the hell was happy because of Marshmallows?
The last one was Thor. Like Steve, he didn’t unwrap his present: He tore it to tatters. It had been a small present, very small and when he had unpacked it everyone had known why. it was a box with various pens.
“Yeah, I know, I know.” he cut her off. “But this is a bit different. I kinda… I got another present for you, Steve”
Steve stared at Tony and at his silver ring and he just couldn’t process what he was asking him. He had always known he wanted to spend the rest of his life with Tony. From the moment on they had had their first kiss in that silly restaurant he didn’t even remember the name of although it was probably important. Tony. Tony was asking him in front of the entire team if he wanted to marry him. “Of course, of course I want to!” he smiled. Tony wanted to put the ring on his finger but Steve was already on his knees, hugging Tony tightly. “I can’t believe you did this!”
Indeed. Natasha had wrapped Thor’s present in Elsa wrapping paper. At first, she had wanted to go with the normal red-gold-green code but she had thought that this was a nice gag. Apart from that, she had known that Thor would be the last one to open his presents so she didn’t really spoil anything.
After the starter (Salmon and Spinach Terrine with Cucumber-Dill Sauce) and a brilliant main course (Roast Turkey with Bourbon Gravy, Corn Bread Succotash Stuffing, Maple-Glazed yams with Pecan Topping, Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Cranberry-Kumquat Chutney) they needed a break. Even Thor was rather full.
“Do you?” he raised his eyebrows and looked at him with an expression he couldn’t quite name. “Just a little hint: A nice sketchbook is 5.99$ these days.”
“Your turn, Tony.” Bruce said and pointed at the little box he held in his hand. Tony was getting nervous. Had Steve picked him? Had they picked each other? Would he propose now as well? He thought about the possibility and asked himself if this would be rather funny or sad. He had wanted to be the one to propose to Steve, not vice versa. The little box was held in an elegant black, a red ribbon around it.
No one could blame him for his excitement. Christmas was a magical time and Christmas was also the only time of the year that had never once in his life sucked. It was the only time his father had never dared to ruin.
. He might have been a billionaire but he wasn’t stupid: Money didn’t buy happiness, it bought privilege. Seeing someone happy because of his privileges was something he adored. To ensure they got what they had always wanted just because he
“Fair point” he grinned. It was an unusual idea but Tony liked it even more because of that. A mood ring for the person in the team whose mood changed almost every hour. Not to mention how excited Thor had been when he had told him that he was the one who had bought it for him. he had had a glimmer in his eyes and an excited smile on his lips. Not bad. If he could not make the others incredibly happy with over the top presents, he could at least see the excitement of Thor.
“Those are traditional colours for Christmas presents and you made a great effort in wrapping them up. Even the ends of the paper are symmetrical.”
“Wanted to give him an extra helping of self-confidence, but I guess you took it all with you that year.” He shot back. “The real question is what will you get Steve?”
“Definitely, that’s… that’s really good. I’ll be finally able to draw some quarter again, right, Bucky?”
“Right.” Steve said, looking at his present. it was the biggest of them all and wrapped in a shiny green paper with a black ribbon. “Tony. It’s the biggest present. I say it was you.”
“So, uhm… Actually…” he touched his right pocket and put out a box. “Actually… It’s more of a question.”
“I can basically hear your thoughts, Stark.” Bucky had entered the living room with a steaming Stark Industries cup in his hands. “Need a hint?”
“Banner. And before you ask: Yes, I already got a present, so it seems I got plenty of time to help you.”
“I’m guessing now, then… Is it you?”, he looked at Bucky inquiring. Maybe he had lied to him about having picked Bruce. After all, him not wanting to tell who he had picked would’ve been just as telling as saying it right away.
