John clutched a hand to his head. "Ow."
"He'll be here," Irene grabs his shoulder and pulls him back. "He will."
Sherlock smiled as John's sleeping body adjusted and fitted itself into Sherlock. Like they'd been doing this for their whole lives, when the truth was they hadn't spent a single night together.
That last part slipped out.
Angrier at the situation, angrier at the sodding world, angrier at John fucking Watson for weaseling his way into Sherlock's bloody
"I'm sorry," John breathed shakily, lip trembling harder with every word. "I'm so so sorry, I was such a dick, I didn't mean-"
"And since when did you ever believe I play fair?" John teases poking his side.
"Mycroft found Sergeant Lestrade after that," Sherlock continued. "He struck up some deal with him to allow me to assist in solving crimes. Something to distract me. And it worked. Most of them were petty, stupid, easily solvable but they passed the time and helped me focus. Lestrade would send me weekly packets of information and files, thing of that sort. He'd sneak me into crime scenes after hours if he were really stuck. Only recently has he allowed me to come to crime scenes while the other officers are still there."
to take care of John Watson tonight.
The silence hangs between them long enough to form a bead of sweat on Sherlock's brow, panic now swirling in his stomach, and he's considering just bolting altogether when a hand is suddenly on his.
"No-" the word was cut off by the unmistakably nauseating sound of taught skin connecting with soft tissue, and a sickening
*Special thanks as always to my wonderful ishaveforsherl, you are INCREDIBLE, thank you for taking the time to proof read and brainstorm and be my soulmate, I love you so very much!*
John raised his eyebrows. "Everything," he repeated dubiously.
Sherlock bites his lip hard, goose flesh rippling across his skin. The combination of John inside him and his words against his ear is too much.
John scanned the room again and landed on the back of a dark, curly head in the front row. John couldn't help the smile that crept on to his face.
John grins. "Yup. Do you have any idea how long I've wanted to see my name written across your back?"
He bloody
Sherlock stepped back out into the cold. What a waste of time and a waste of a missed date with John that was. A robbery in a museum. Really? The Yard couldn't do something so simple on their own? Of course it was a security guard. How dull. And annoying. Sherlock glared at anyone who chose to look him in the eye as he swept the area for John.
The wheels continued to turn in John's head and with a groan, he dragged himself out of bed and got ready for class, unsure if he was excited or terrified for Chemistry lecture.
revolves around you. Get over it already."
"We're lab partners," Irene responds pleasantly, clearly not recognizing the seething tension rolling off Sherlock in waves. "Thought we'd catch the game together today."
"So you've got an away game this weekend?"
Christ does he love it when Sherlock Holmes giggles.
However, John has had no intention of making the first move.
John's smile falters slightly. "Of course not," he says almost...fiercely? "I promise."
Lestrade nodded and ran a hand down the back of his neck. "Yeah. Listen, I wanted to apologize for last time. With Mycroft. He's... it's a delicate relationship they have, the Holmes' brothers. He just wanted to make sure all was right."
Victor, for his part, seems to be attempting to pull himself out of a trance-like state, blinking rapidly away from where he'd apparently been staring in Sherlock's direction and fixes his hazy eyes on Irene as though he's only just realized she is also here. "What?" he asks dumbly.
WATSON glares at Sherlock, the letters stitched in thick white blocks across John's back.
Sherlock cocked his head as John continued to ramble. This was the first time John had come to his office hours, and if Sherlock were being honest, it was rather nice to see him outside of class. It held possibilities that those single hours in the morning three days a week just didn't. It had been five days since their chat after class, and Sherlock had been a bit disappointed when John hadn't shown up for his Tuesday or Thursday hours.
Who is... glaring at him?
didn't," Sherlock replies in a hushed, gravelly voice he wasn't even aware he was capable of making, clearing his throat before continuing. "It's a simple phone call, I can cancel-"
John gives Sherlock another sharp pinch, eliciting a yelp from the boy's mouth. "Cheeky git," John growls with a grin.
"What's that?" John asks curiously and Sherlock realizes his mistake.
"Can we cut the cryptic talk and get down to what it is that you want?" John was normally more collected then this, but today was really not the day to fuck with him. Calm was the furthest thing from him right now.
Late at night, Sherlock lays the notes out on the floor of his bedroom and examines each of them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Don't be so dramatic. Do you or do you not want that Sergeant to be replaced with Detective Inspector one day? Come now. DI Lestrade? Has an awfully nice ring to it, wouldn't you say?"
Sherlock's back bristled at his words. "Lovely. So this is an on-going occurrence then?"
Considering Victor Trevor is lurking around campus in parts unknown, John doesn't think he can be blamed for being concerned.
Sherlock's brain restarts and he's aware enough to gape. "
"Mm," John nods. "And how do you feel?"
Sherlock hates the flutter his heart gives as he reads the signed letters.
John straights and nods. "Good."
That last one has got to be a goddamn
"But that's the whole point, John!" Sherlock cries, embarrassment mixing with anger making him feel unnecessarily anxious and defensive. This is John he's talking to after all. John would never make him feel bad about any of this. But still, he keeps bloody talking because he apparently has zero self-control. "It's never on
He nodded sharply, hearing Sherlock's words for what they really were, and pointed a finger at Harry. "Stay here and get some sleep."
page! Feel free to drop by and join in!
John turned and eyed his friend, hearing the hurt underlying his words. "Okay…Why are you getting upset?"
He doesn't know why exactly. It's not like he has any loyalties to Sherlock Holmes.
John glances at the bag then back to Sherlock. He shakes his head fondly and hands it over. "That's disgusting but I'll leave you to it."
Victor didn't give a lick about Sherlock Holmes' big, beautiful brain or his annoying-yet-endearing unsafe and unsanitary experiments, or his quirky sleep habits or his no-nonsense attitude about anything he deemed boring. He didn't care that Sherlock's favorite takeaway was Thai, and he didn't care that Sherlock reads Chemistry textbooks for fun and he didn't care that Sherlock has hardly ever had any friends, much less any type of romantic relationship.
It was an honest question and John looked up into Sherlock's curious gaze. John shrugged. "I think I read more into it then was actually there to begin with you know? I probably came off like a desperate fool."
about last night, I didn't know-"
"I'm not mad!" John bellowed back.
John never understood how he could miss something he never had.
"I mean," John continues, standing from where he sits at his desk, "I'm certain the library
The shell of John Watson made his way to classes for the next two days, not hearing a word from the teachers or students around him, barely registering Molly's concerned looks and fidgeting worriedly.
"Oh, Sherlock," Mrs. Hudson tuts. "I know she's important to you." She sighs as she pats his shoulder. "But John is right, she needs exercise. And if he can control her, he should be allowed to take her out. No one else can. She trusts him."
"Well I suppose this would be your chance to redeem yourself then."
"Mm," Sherlock's deep baritone rumbled against his chest and heated breath was on his ear again. "So you liked the show?" Sherlock was all but purring.
Sherlock snorted, sliding his hands around John's hips. "You have nothing to worry about," he murmured. "You are who I want. I just didn't think you wanted this... a relationship... with me."
The man shook his head sharply as though to snap himself of whatever it was he was under and huffed an uncomfortable laugh. "I am truly at a loss for words," he smiled wanly at John.
Which is what makes being in love with him so goddamn
"Dorm rules," John raises his palms up with an all-too-innocent shrug. "Don't blame the enforcer."
Exchanging a loaded glance, Molly and Greg blink between each other, having a silent conversation before they both seem to drop the point, Molly's features smoothing from pinched worry to resigned acceptance, Greg still shaking his head but deciding to leave it as well. "Alright then," Molly shrugs before offering a sly grin and a small waggle of her brow. "But since you're
do not mention my family right now," Sherlock barks out sharply before the sentence turns into a moan, the horrifying thought of his parents, or worse,
He's grabbing at John's silky hair and pawing at his back and doing his best to fight with his tongue. He's so focused on the skill of his mouth, he hardly notices John's fingers pushing up his shirt and then resting on his trouser button.
John laid down on his bed and pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes. He was losing it. He was going to go insane before he got to know what it was like to shag Sherlock. He knew it. He needed a distraction. Something to make him forget how very close and very far away he was to being in bed with that curly haired genius. He debated masturbating for what felt like the millionth time that week when his phone vibrated again. He glanced at it.
Sherlock placed his elbow on the window ledge and leaned into his gloved hand, covering the stupid grin that was currently taking over his face. He couldn't miss the dazed stare from the blonde-haired boy sitting across from him, gazing at him as though he were a god, mouth hanging open just a bit as though he couldn't quite believe what he was seeing. Sherlock couldn't help stealing a glance and teasing just a little.
Sherlock shook his head from side to side. "They asked 'bout…'bout the perty blond feller… but I lied, John. I-…"
And sure enough, that blond head is glimmering in the afternoon sun, short but strong body bound in stripes and shorts, matching socks pulled up to the knee, arms crossed in front of his chest. He looks...serious? Angry? Powerful?
Sherlock went very still. "And Mrs. Hudson wants me to-"
He's bloody
"So go dance then," Greg raises a brow at his teammate.
He watches a happy grin bloom in John's face as he stares down at presumably his phone in his hand.
Then glides his hands down over Sherlock's smooth skin to the backs of his thighs, bends at the knee and lifts in one swift motion, pulling Sherlock's legs over his hips as he cradles his arse in his hands, as though lifting Sherlock is the same as lifting a feather. Sherlock gasps, locking his limbs in place and holding on, heat pooling in his belly at the demonstration of strength and overwhelming desire he can't control. "John," he cries softly, burying his face in his neck. "I… I'm a little sore."
Jesus Christ, John is so utterly
"That's true. And besides," Mike had added, "he doesn't date. I've known him since primary school. He's never dated anyone. At all."
"Years," John clarifies, pressing a lingering kiss to Sherlock's cheek. "And then you waltzed into the library Friday afternoon talking about giving your virginity to some random stranger-"
They don't discuss their closeness, they don't talk about what it means, and they certainly don't acknowledge that anything has changed.
"You're fine with blowing things up in our room and covering yourself in unknown chemicals but mud is where you draw the line," John laughs, untangling himself from Sherlock and finding a rugby t-shirt and a hoodie to pull on.
"I know that Sherlock, but I don't know who it was. There two guys, that's all I know. They... came up from behind. I didn't- I wasn't prepared."
"Jesus, you're shaking," John murmurs, quickly shrugging off his rugby jacket and wrapping it around Sherlock's shoulders.
Clever John.
"Have we met?" John asked earnestly. He swore he knew him from somewhere. If he knew him then maybe this situation wasn't all bad and maybe John's leg would stop bouncing up and down so vigorously.
tonight?"
"Baby," he moans under his breath. "Oh Sherlock, yes, god you're good at this. I knew you would be. All long legs and lean torso, you're so fucking sexy." He smacks a hand lightly against Sherlock's arse. "God yes, push that back against me, come on."
John fell back on his pillows and threw his arm over his eyes, unsuccessfully resisting the urge to pout.
The line was quiet as Sherlock lost it, which was more then he could ever ask for. At least now, he didn't feel so alone.
"You should be more comfortable with yourself, dear," Mrs. Hudson continues as though Sherlock's face isn't currently melting off. "It's alright to be g-"
"Older or younger?"
The emotion tearing through Sherlock is threatening to release itself in the form of a fury so intense it's heating his entire body.
"I am going to deliberately and methodically murder you in your sleep, you intolerable, meddling, sadistic, arrogant,
"You're his husband," Mycroft says softly. "Even if he doesn't remember that, he still needs you."
Sherlock blinks.
Sherlock shook his head. "You… you don't need-"
"Oh," Sherlock's heart drops to his stomach at the thought of going back to his room, the pain of what he knows he'll find there too much to bear. "I… I can't."
So John Watson could definitively say that he was not a jealous type of bloke. He was not possessive or covetous, never quick to anger or frustration, never needing to reassert himself as in charge, as the boyfriend anyone belonged to. Never shooting dangerous glares or throwing furious punches, never even feeling the urge to do anything like that, never needing to prove himself.
," Mike reiterates, ducking down to look Sherlock right in the eye and offer a firm nod. "I promise you. Come on, would your Pong partner lie to you?"
The realization crashed over them both at once and John nodded, rather impressed. "Sneaky," he muttered.
Sherlock nods cautiously. "It's-"
would
Sherlock has spent an entire week convincing himself everything he thought he'd felt for John Watson the first time he'd laid eyes on him was complete and utter crap. It was just a reaction. Just the chemistry of the body reacting to a handsome face. That was all it was. Nothing to be alarmed about. Sherlock was being ridiculous. Absurd. And a week out of direct contact was helping. No interaction was the best thing. He didn't have to stand a bright, megawatt smile or golden blond shaggy hair glistening in the sunlight or low, sexy chuckles sneaking their way out of pretty, soft lips.
Attempting to offer a smile, John nods to his friend and flicks a wave as Mike leaves the locker room before he blows out a breath and scrubs a hand down his face. "So," he says to his captain, already feeling defeated. "What do you think that was about?"
Sherlock has already sorted out how this will end.
when he's relaxed.
Then he caught it. Sherlock's eyes shifted a little darker, excitement dancing and sparkling within them, no anger or fear lurking in the background, only genuine curiosity. He was grinning gleefully as he spoke and John couldn't miss the amusement and enjoyment Sherlock was getting out of this.
"What is it that you want?" Sherlock is whispering fiercely, sitting up and staring down at John again and even in the dark John can feel it like the sun searing into his skin, staring up at the dark figure looming over him, only able to make out the outline of bouncy curls and sharp shoulders. "Specifically, I mean. Do you want… me?
"I don't like him," Irene whispers, glancing around their table quickly before continuing, ensuring there are no prying eyes or open ears nearby. "I hate the way he… the way he
John blushed. "I certainly hope so."
Turns out, Sherlock just hadn't met those people yet. Those people who saw him as pitiful. As helpless.
"I...just wanted to let you know," he says quietly, "that I will be attending formal tomorrow night."
"Are you alright?" John demands, breathing harshly.
He scraped his hand through his unruly fringe one more time in case it
Really, he shouldn't be that surprised. This was just par for the course for a day in the life with Sherlock Holmes.
Mystery solved.
on holding his hand and kissing his cheek and grinning from ear to ear as they walk down the hallways. It shouldn't be as gratifying as it is to watch the mouths of girls and boys alike drop open. And that's not even the best part.
can handle. Something they can do together without any pressure, something they'll both enjoy without being closed into their room, something different but also modest and easy.
She nods, still staring into her lap. "He just... has a tough time at school. He's brilliant, really truly brilliant and some kids... they don't like it. He takes a lot of shit and he doesn't deserve it. Not any of it. People just don't... they don't understand him." She glances up and narrows her eyes at both Greg and John. "So I'm counting on both of you this summer to treat him well, okay? You two run this place for the most part and I want him to... have that experience I guess. Show him what it's like to be...well-liked. Not have to worry about being knocked around. Yeah?"
can be heard even as thunder grumbles above as the body lands in a heap in the mud.
"No, I suppose you wouldn't would you," John laughs. "Posh bastard."
"Christ," John snaps out from between clenched teeth, hands falling to either one of Sherlock's arsecheeks, gripping them in his palms, fingers digging into pale skin and then- "
Smirking in triumph, John stops walking, crossing his arms over his chest and raising an eyebrow. "Thought I might," he glares proudly, body relaxing away from tense and determined to calm and cool and collected.
"What is so funny?" John demands in a hushed tone, although it's completely useless. Everyone around him is already listening.
How ridiculous that notion was now.
He doesn't like it.
He glances over to his companion who is pinching her twitching lips so hard, her eyes are glistening a little. He frowns at her. "What?"
And time spent together only meant time John spent fretting and wondering and fidgeting and…
, it's making him braver than usual.
All he is truly aware of is Sherlock giggling with another boy, sitting far to close for comfort, looking like he's bloody
It's just that Sherlock is in love.
"And why can't you just ask him out and find out?"
Sherlock couldn't be sure.
Sherlock unsnaps his helmet and tears off his gloves, tossing them to the ground in a flurry of frustrated motions.
. Mostly good students, definitely strong men, all seem positively delighted to be in one another's company. And they all seem…
Still laughing, John tosses his bag onto the bench where the rest of the team is pulling on their boots. "Well then, shall I tell the rest of the team how you made a rather serious effort to drunkenly snog me later that night?"
His father glances away.
Luckily, it usually didn't linger the entire day. Normally, John was able to burn the feeling out of him under the heated water and move on with his morning.
"Christ, the sounds you make," Sherlock was murmuring, having moved his hands up to John's almost too-long hair, although he was thankful for the length now. He liked being used as leverage for Sherlock to hold on to. He hummed back as he plucked the buttons open, wanting to press his naked torso to Sherlock's more then anything. That thought drove him to tug a bit harder, forcing the last button through its captive hole and pushing the shirt down Sherlock's broad shoulders. Sherlock dropped his arms compliantly, allowing John to pull it off his wrists. John let himself take a long moment to look down at the pale body before him, somehow hard and soft all at once, holding the sharp edges that Sherlock's face held while simultaneously seeming inviting and sensual and God, John wanted to melt into him. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pressed his palms into the small of his back and brought him forward.
"Oh my, have I struck a nerve? You must like this one."
"Yeah," Mike grins. "And we're going to beat the hell out of them, so you should definitely come! I'm sure that, eh,
"Well
John snorted and pressed a kiss to Sherlock's ear. "Yes dear."
of careful research, careful
Sherlock didn't wait for him to finish before turning to hurry down the steps. His sentiment was useless anyway. He'd never be as sorry as Sherlock was. Not ever.
"Me?" John squeaked.
"Just, please. Please get somewhere safe. For my own sanity, please go back to your dorm."
He wanders back to his room distractedly.
"Yeah," Sherlock groaned. "Yes. God, yes."
"Aye-aye, captain," John grins.
see Sherlock.
He could feel his face turning beet red, fists clenching in his lap, body vibrating furiously. He was going to hit something. Probably not Link, it wasn't his fault, but something or someone.
And it's very slowly driving him insane.
The body didn't provide any new information that Sherlock didn't already know, but it was good to confirm that fact anyway. Molly stood far to close to him as they looked over the evidence, but it wasn't unpleasant. Molly was actually lovely. A very nice, quiet, person that had an impossible crush, but somehow that didn't put Sherlock off too badly. She was sweet. He thought she probably was sweet to anyone when he wasn't around. Was it his fault that he distracted her so spectacularly?
boyfriends," John grumbles with some irritation coloring his words, though it's tamed by the redness staining his cheeks.
And just as those thoughts are staking their claim as truth and on their way to panicking Sherlock into an anxiety attack, the tug from the fingers on his shoulder pulls him free from his mind and for one long moment Sherlock feels like he's falling as he turns dazedly, eyes blurry and unfocused as he comes face to face with a short figure he can barely make out.
John shook his head, and crawled out of the shower. He needed to get out here. He needed to go home.
It's so quiet as John silently closes the door behind them, Sherlock's bed looming before them on the opposite side of the room, but the blond boy doesn't pull him there immediately, instead wrapping him up again in his arms and holding him close, cradling his body like Sherlock is something precious, something delicate John needs to take care of. It makes Sherlock's heart ache, the kindness John is showing him drudging up so many feelings, so much emotion that no one prepared him for, no sex education class, no online research telling him this is what sex would be like.
Sherlock watches, glued to blue eyes scanning the crowd, head on a swivel, eyeing each patron and nodding at those he knows, seeming uninterested in any further communication, gaze skittering away across the crowd.
Sherlock shook his head and turned to exit out the back door, feeling even more pathetic then before.
Sherlock's jaw clenches down on a protest.
And his oddly colored eyes.
"N-nothing," John replied hastily. "Sorry- fuck, sorry, I didn't mean... I just know he likes you." Face flaming immediately at the implication, John shook a hand out in front of him. "No no, I mean, not that he
Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John's waist, bending slightly at the knee to pull him as close as possible, bringing John into a searing kiss. "Oh-" Sherlock breathed over his lips as John slipped the top button of Sherlock's shirt free. He continued his work, flicking round plastic through threaded holes, taking his time with every touch. Sherlock kept him cradled in his arms, lips moving cautiously over John's in such a loving manner it pulled on every string of John's heart.
Without responding, Sherlock took off toward the stairs, mind already moving to what dark hole he may find John in, insides churning at the thought.
That night John Watson had taken care of him out of pity.
Where he meets John.
He may not win, seeing as the other contender thus far was head cheerleader, but still.
The hole in his chest throbs and forces one last set of twin tears tracking their way down his cheeks and onto the floor and Sherlock closes his eyes, fingers tracing the stitching along the hem of the jersey, the giant number and the six letters searing into his back like a brand, accepting being fully owned and yet no longer cared for by John Watson.
," Irene spits and for once the nickname doesn't sound playful and fun but nasty and disgusted. "Are you really this clueless?"
"…the other boyfriend babysits the little brother of aforementioned boyfriend?" John teases, laughing as Greg rolls his eyes.
"How do you know all this?" John demands, though he already believes every word she's said, shock still holding his body stock still, the implications of her speech not yet hitting him.
The word stares back at him, somehow soft even in black lettering, hanging off the end of its sentence like it belongs there, all natural and obvious like it's been dropped dozens of times previously and will continue to appear on a regular basis.
"Really, I-"
takes hold of his mind and drags him under, threatening to drown him in the very real possibility that this could be over.
And Sherlock finds that he has no desire to move anyway.
"And me!" Paul Dimmock agrees.
They walk in silence for a moment.
The anger burning in his throat still hasn't dissipated as he bangs open the door to his dorm room, chest heaving slightly with unrelenting rage from that ridiculous conversation he'd just been forced to have. He takes stock of his room, eyes trailing over the small area just as a movement catches his eye and his gaze lands on dark curly hair.
John turned to look at him, an amused smile playing on his lips. "I so wish you could see yourself saying that with the way you look right now. How about you sit down and eat?"
"Go home. Go back to your dorm."
Sherlock threw his head back with the sharp yank of John's hand, crying out and for a split second John thought he'd hurt him.
Groaning, John threw his head back as he spread his knees further, grinding down against Sherlock's clothed erection. "Fuck," he bit out sharply, snapping the word off at the 'k' and Sherlock pulled at him, urging him to go faster.
Nodding tiredly, John checks his mobile to find it still silent, no missed text messages. With a yawn, he slides it open and taps out a quick message, feeling the need to check in and make sure Sherlock knows what's going on. Not that he asked but John's tired brain from all the emotions of the day is feeling a bit sentimental and he just wants to say goodnight to his friend.
Calm, warm hands came to either side of his jaw, tilting his head back slightly and John opened his mouth, offering himself for the taking. Sherlock took advantage, sweeping his tongue into John's mouth in delicate, calculated strokes. John gasped quietly, the familiar taste of Sherlock taking him over, every nerve in his body reaching for the man in front of him. John moved to slot their bodies together, pressing his hips to Sherlock's, whom murmured a sigh in response. He pressed deeper into John's mouth, finding his tongue and twisting them deliciously together, twirling slowly, dancing as though they'd known each other's mouths for years.
Their food had come minutes after that charged moment in the restaurant, shattering the invisible cocoon they'd formed around themselves and breaking their concentration on each other, leaving a tingling sensation beneath Sherlock's skin and a tap in his foot as his heel bounced up and down on the cement floor, vibrating gently with an undercurrent of something, the possibilities seeming endless between he and John.
"Hey, mate, relax," Victor says, throwing up his hands in mock defense. "We were just having a laugh."
He's like the best friend you could ever want.
their partner's needs? Forgot
"Uh- alright," Paul shrugs, rubbing a hand along the back of his neck, refusing to meet his teammate's eyes.
"Nope," Molly shakes her head, eyes skittering across the pamphlets and papers strewn across the table. "It's for a – er – charity."
, the door beside him is flying open again and a familiar body is making its way into the vehicle with absolutely no elegance, the smell of the wet grass from the rugby pitch filling the interior as the figure hurries inside.
? Oh, that's so romantic! He saves you from the harrowing streets of London and you two fall in
Hating himself already for ruining this utterly perfect moment, John shifts slightly.
He hates John today.
Sherlock smirked. "Goodnight John."
"You weren't," Victor murmurs the words so close to his ear, Sherlock can feel the dampness of his lips and he cringes away
Sherlock offered a pained, close-mouthed smile. "Mm."
"Do you want me to stop?" Sherlock's velvety voice wafted its way into John's ear, the words falling out like liquid, the air that following them damp and devastating in their affects.
He doesn't want to.
"Woah, what's going on here?"
John opened his mouth to retort, eyes flashing in irritation to the smirking boy in front of him, when his attention was snapped away to another, now familiar voice.
"Sherlock."
"What?"
Sherlock's throat is burning as he shakes his head. "No, that's not-"
Sherlock stayed quiet.
Glancing back and forth between his two chemistry partners across the table, Victor seems unable to process what is being asked of him for a moment before sighing in resignation. "Whatever," he grumbles, offering a suspicious glare in Irene's direction before wandering off in the wrong direction of the library.
Like every tormented moment he spent pining and fretting and panicking could have all been avoided if he'd simply kissed John Watson in the first place.
Task Force commencing. I've got eyes on Sherlock Holmes now, over.
Mr. Holmes wipes his brow. "She...she got out," he says and Sherlock stares wide-eyed, a million questions racing in his head.
Sherlock watches as his books go tumbling to the ground in slow motion.
"Alright boys," Paul calls as the rest of the team meanders over. "Gather 'round! We're so glad you all could make it!"
Instead what the curly-haired genius finds is something entirely different.
Because he
And the comprehension of the truth threatens to tear his fragile world right down to the ground in one go as understanding dawns on him like a freezing London morning, shocking him right into place and leaving him there.
A fun way.
Sherlock can't breathe.
"People are waiting for the champion to get back and kick some- Sherlock? Hey, are you okay?"
John has never been prouder of himself in his life for not reacting to that comment. He waits, not moving a muscle.
"Clever," John murmurs, obviously impressed with Mrs. Hudson's deception.
Even with all the current unknowns surrounding his situation with Sherlock, Mike's words still warm something soft and tender in John's chest, remembering exactly how Sherlock had clung to him the night before, had gone back in for kiss after kiss, had wanted John near him as much as John had needed Sherlock.
"And that's the last time I tell you anything ever again," Sherlock clips, turning his back to his chemistry partner.
That, however, wasn't a fact he was about to share with Mike.
Christ, what
He reminds himself to be extra rude to Mrs. Hudson the next time he sees her.
Because he will handle it. He will explain it to John Watson in a way that won't make his best friend see red and chase down anyone who has ever made Sherlock Holmes feel anything less than wonderful because John Watson is just that reckless and just that infuriating and just that amazing.
"You are never a burden," John whispers in his ear, dropping a gentle kiss just below Sherlock's ear and nuzzling his nose there for a moment, just needing to hold him for a bit, remember that this is real, that it's them now, the two of them against the rest of the world. "Don't ever think that you're a burden."
It meant that Sherlock was trusting him. As much as John was letting himself be vulnerable, Sherlock was placing himself in an equal state, trusting John with everything he had.
He'll be able to walk.
John frowned. "Why would it? It's in the past. We all have stuff in our pasts, don't we?"
Goddamn it.
." He turns back toward his window, before the rest of John's statement catches up to him and he whirls back around. "What does that mean?"
him, trying to
Tonight, however, was the first night he felt a bit guilty about it. Because while she was distracted by him, he was distracted by the fit young man in the hallway, currently waiting for Sherlock. Poor Molly. She never had a fighting chance. Sherlock Holmes was already taken.
Continuing to scroll through a master list of articles he himself has been cultivating for the last several days and saved into no particular order, Sherlock leans closer to his laptop perched on his desk in his dorm room and reads every title and introduction again in each article very carefully, copying and pasting links to another spreadsheet that he's deemed actually useful, gathering all the data before beginning to sift through it page by page, word by word, because Sherlock is nothing if not thorough and he needs this information. He needs
do this.
"I have History with him next period," John says in mock-seriousness. "I could just ask him."
Apparently, that makes him a nobody.
"Yeah, what the fuck Greg?"
His blood is rushing in his ears.
He'd been wrong.
"Wonderful," Mycroft says, eyes locking back on Sherlock. "Would you mind excusing us for a moment? I'd like a word with my brother."
Sherlock's eyelids fluttered slightly. "John," he murmured.
A cool wave of unsolicited hope rolls its way through Sherlock's body, tugging the corners of his lips upward and smoothing out the scowl along the creases of his face. It gives Sherlock pause.
"And you're fit," Sherlock hurries to explain, wishing John's lip would curve upward again into that enchanted smile. "You're lean but bulky, obviously playing a contact sport. Rugby wasn't hard to assume."
Sherlock ducks his head. "Well when you go to school with mostly idiots, it's not difficult to achieve."
"Is this okay?" Sherlock can't help asking, trying and failing not to grin as John shoots him an incredulous look.
John isn't paying attention.
So when the team stepped up and made Sherlock a part of the group immediately, John had never been so grateful for a group of young men before. He really had hit the jackpot with these boys and he'd made a mental note to express his gratitude later when Sherlock wasn't around. He'd made a point to thank Mike later in the week in particular for his part – which Mike of course had laughed at, telling John he had nothing to thank him for, that he'd really liked Sherlock and that John should bring him more often. There are no words for how appreciative John is of that, nor for the gratitude he has for Greg Lestrade, who clearly prepped the team good and proper for the arrival of Sherlock, right down to the fact that feeding him alcohol would not be the goal of the evening. They'd respected that so thoroughly without being obvious and John had appreciated them fiercely for it. Of course, the same could not be said for Victor Trevor.
John giggled and held up his thumb and forefinger, closing one eye. "Only a bit."
He runs a thumb along the waistline of John's rugby sweats and bites his bottom lip, worrying it between his teeth for a long moment before dropping his gaze and offering a shy nod down toward John's hips as blood rushes into the capillaries of his cheeks. "You next?"
A ridiculous notion, Sherlock knows.
. Sherlock took a step back a bit startled.
His father's breath finally slows. "One of the ranch hands left the latch open on her stall. She almost killed Anderson when she burst out suddenly and took off."
(See the end of the chapter for
John barely hesitated, freezing for all of one second before gripping Sherlock's hair and pulling his head back to get better access to his neck. "Don't care," John whispered between kisses. "Christ, I've wanted to do this all week." He licked a strip up Sherlock's neck and took his earlobe between his teeth. Sherlock shivered and John ran his fingers threw his hair again, soothing while he attacked his sensitive skin.
Pursing her lips against a smile creeping onto her lips, Irene lifts her shoulder in an innocent shrug. "Oh, I don't know, Sherlock," she mocks, "why ever would you want to attend a rugby game played by pretty, sweaty boys tackling each other over and over again. I haven't the faintest."
"On the bed," John hears himself growl low in his throat, smirking with a confidence he has no business having as Sherlock swallows audibly, John's eyes following the movement down his throat to the sharp dip between his collarbones.
Lying on his bedroom floor, Sherlock twirls a curl in his hair with his index finger as he lifts his legs and points his toes. It's a nervous habit he has, stretching late at night when he can't sleep, body restless. Which is precisely what John Watson has done to him. Made him nervous. Made him curious.
"Sherlock I-"
John tried to force the blush away from his cheeks as he remembered the night he met Sherlock. "I may be wrong," he glowered, "but I think that's none of your business."
expect this.
Sherlock takes an immediate step back, eyes darting behind the boy's head to the exit he should have taken in the first place. He's unable to find his voice.
The softness returned. The tender longing look in Sherlock's eyes swirled back in, those sweet, precious crinkles John adored coming back in all their glory. "John," Sherlock whispered brokenly, almost disbelievingly.
Sherlock laughs. "I just think you'll be bored."
John smirks and ducks his head to kiss Sherlock's neck, giving a solid push of his hips. Sherlock whines and bucks upward, searching desperately for more friction.
," Sherlock snaps, heat blooming at the back of his neck. He really doesn't want to be having this conversation right now. He really doesn't want to be having this conversation
Sherlock is going to-
And even to his ears, his somewhat still drunk ears but nonetheless, the statement sounds more like… like an invitation than anything and Sherlock is about to backtrack on his words, realizing how much of a come on they sounded like.
And the freedom to do anything he likes.
is where he's gotten his new confidence from. This is how he can be so sure of himself. Right here. This is it. He can be daring and brave and walk around naked like it's nothing. He can get on a five-hour train ride to surprise his love. He can crawl into his boyfriend's lap with clear intent no problem.
"Okay," Sherlock manages to agree from a broken breath, still indulging in John's attention on him, nodding dazedly as though he'd agree to practically anything right in this moment if John will continue saying things like that to him.
"Absolutely not," John said in alarm. "No one is paying for me to go anywhere."
"Because I would
But today had just been one of those days. One of those days where nothing had gone right. One of those days where everything was impossible. Nothing was right. Nothing was easy.
"He. Said.
Been so close to him.
. "Well, um wh-why don't you uh- hang tight for a second, yeah? Let me call Paul and see if he's around." John lunges for his mobile on his desk, swiping it open and scrolling through his contacts before tapping Paul's name quickly.
Sherlock does his best to ignore all the saliva that has just filled his mouth. He has, in fact, seen John Watson in his rugby shorts and truthfully gorgeous beast was not far off from an accurate description. Sherlock would have gone with something more poetic like breathtaking Adonis or something juvenile like sexy heartthrob. Not that Sherlock has spent hours thinking about John Watson and all the nicknames he could come up with to describe how beautiful he is. He hasn't.
? Obviously attempting to exit John's life entirely as though he couldn't even stand to be around him. Like
John turns sharply to him. "What?"
Which is worthless when there is no previous experience to go off of. He curses himself for not having more knowledge on the mind field of dating. He's never gone out with anyone before. No one's ever asked, and he certainly hasn't put himself out there. He
John stared ahead, gaping slightly. "So there's two Holmes in this city. That's rather a terrifying thought," he giggled.
Two weeks of absurd wet dreams and blue eyes catching his and blond hair glistening in the sun.
He knocked again, panting like a dog and wiping sweat from his face with his shirt, feeling sticky and disgusting and just wanting more then anything to lay eyes on his editor for the first time in days.
And if it will comfort John, how can Sherlock deny him?
Sherlock finds his way back to the stables in the late morning, slipping into Dolly's stall unseen.
"Let me… let me take care of you," John whispers, kissing his lips gently. "Let me…"
Not that that was difficult to do since Sherlock had been lying in the bed across from his practically sawing logs with the snores reverberating from his mouth, though John had to admit he'd have rather listen to Sherlock snore and snuffle and fuss in his sleep rather than panic every few minutes that he'd stopped breathing if silence had fallen.
So they continue to go about their school work and their dates that aren't dates at Sherlock's house and Sherlock attends all of John's rugby games and John waits patiently because he can tell how much more difficult it's getting for Sherlock. How much he's dying to touch John is so obvious with the way he practically vibrates when they're close, how he lingers when they brush shoulders or hands.
John finally glanced up, mouth agape, really trying to understand what this man was saying. He must be misunderstanding. Or something. Right? No way he was saying…
Anna sighed. “The whole thing is going to be dangerous, Molly. You can’t say anything, please.”
what happened to me, instead of bloody asking me like any idiot!”
John! We don’t have statements from Sherlock or Violet saying that they were kidnapped and raped. We don’t have shite, if Violet’s death turns out to be suicide!”
“I assume,” Sherlock replied, recovered from his sadness.
Mary? She hadn’t been in the warehouse, and there had been no mention of her whatsoever. Perhaps Mary didn’t send that dead girl to the morgue after all….
“Useless,” Sherlock muttered.
“What the devil is wrong with you?” asked Lestrade.
Sherlock had vomited in the drinking fountain, after they’d pronounced her dead, after John’s legs had given out, after they’d both sunk to the floor, Sherlock trying and failing to hold him up by the lapels of his jacket, after the doctors had come to tend to him. Sherlock had backed away and felt a terrible wave of nausea, looking for somewhere to—drinking fountain, closest thing.
“John wanted me to come.”
And now he was lying on his mattress, his sheets and quilt over his head, breathing in the hot, thinning air trapped underneath. He brought them all off and down to his belly with a rush of wind, and sighed. He looked up at the ceiling again.
First of all, that song was made for sex.
“We took care of the scurvy,” he replied, sleepily.
They went back to work.
“I need the shower,” he said, and turned on his heel to start down the hall.
“Alright, okay,” stuttered Molly, putting a protective arm around Anna and leading her into the alley.
His breath shook. He reached down and steadied a hand on my shoulder. “Good. That’s good. That’s—“
John cringed as Mary bellowed down the hall. They heard her stomping back and when she emerged, she was shaking the biscuits in his face. “I can’t
“Basically he told me what I already knew before: that if I really wanted to be in your life, I’d have to get comfortable with waiting. That patience was key. I would need to be present, and to be patient, and that you’d come around in your own time. So that’s what I’m going to do.” John looked at me. “But you should know that it’s not by choice anymore, to wait around like this. Not after you left like you did. I’m doing it because it’s the only thing I can do. Because I need you, you’re absolutely right, I’ll take anything I can get. It’s pathetic, and it’s fucking scary, Sherlock. I’ll really do anything.”
He did not look so powerful, on his knees and cradling his stomach with the red seeping out between his fingers, begging for his life. He did not look so dangerous, with the tears, and the saliva, and the mucus, all of it dripping down his face, with a mouth that could only say, “Please, let me live,” and “Please, God, let me live” and “Jesus,” over and over again.
“What do people usually say?”
The driver’s window rolled down.
Sometimes he thinks they are running from some dark pursuer, sometimes he thinks they are running towards some bright horizon. All he knows is that he can’t stop running. If he does, he might look down, he might find that his hand is empty, and that he has been holding on to nothing at all.
“So you
Sherlock raised the gun and considered for a moment - the brain or the heart? - as Kamanev put a bloody hand out, imploring, and Sherlock’s hand did not tremble, although he felt like it did, and he gently squeezed the trigger, and Kamanev’s mouth fell open, and all likely thoughts of his wife and children stopped in a burst of gore, splinters of bone and gobs of brain on the floor.
“You’re
“Right,” John said. “You’re always cool.” He paused. “Jeanette says her parents are out of town this weekend.”
,” the cabbie sang, “
Carl was initimi-dating, to be sure, but it was like his Mum said: John must not let anyone make him feel initimidated.
“The first lady who wanted to make a baby with another lady was called Liz," he continued, as if this were all very common knowledge. "I think. That
“My mom was talking to Mrs. Morris who was talking to Mrs. Anderson. He’s in big trouble, grounded for sure,” Molly told Sally, with great authority.
“No, Tom. I know what 'just playing' looks like. He wasn’t breathing! He was completely still, I was certain he’d drowned!”
Potions class had officially started about ten minutes ago, but in truth it started about four minutes and thirty seconds ago, because the interim was how long it took to get both the Gryffindor and Slytherin classes to settle down.
Sherlock has a smile like the devil himself, all empty promises and temptation. Eyes like hellfire, pale blue blazing in the night.
“Hazel...stop it! You have to stop this nonsense!
The slug looked grateful, too.
“It’s like a pact.”
His hands are surprisingly steady as he undoes one button and then another. Sherlock helps him with the rest, popping open the line of buttons, until the shirt is open. Sherlock pushes the shirt off John’s shoulders with both hands, peeling back the layers of him like a chrysalis he had dissected once, his touch like a scalpel through membrane.
is getting stitches,” said Madam Pomfrey, to two very disappointed boys. “That’s positively barbaric. What you need is a little wound cleaning, an Episkey to fix you right up, and lots of bedrest.”
He could never understand why John responded so well to things that weren’t compliments, but when John reached up to pull him down by the back of the neck for a slow, sweet kiss, Sherlock wasn’t about to resist. When they pulled back, John’s eyes flickered open, glowing with soft warmth. “All right. Just...don’t take pictures of me without my knowing again, all right? I don’t like being startled like that.”
bedroom,
“Gotcha,” said Sherlock again, grinning.
John does not look at the empty chair across from them, nor at the violin in the corner.
very smart, and I’ve…I’ve never tried to brew a potion before, so I don’t even know if I’m any good…and it’s…easy to muck it up…”
“You know, sailors used to say that being followed by an albatross was a good omen,” said Tom. “Maybe we’ll have some nice weather for our holiday.”
today, and judging by his smug expression, it was proving popular. He had
“Well, of course you don’t know what a movie is,” John said, “But don’t wizards get comics? You have got to have comics, at least.”
“Dead, interesting,” said Sherlock, placing the cup of tea down on the table. “Dead is such a subjective term. By definition: No longer living, deprived of life. And yet here I stand before you.”
His mother loved this song. It used to play on the radio all the time when John was younger. He remembered a night in May, after the dishes had been put away, the kitchen still warm from the oven, smelling savory from the roast she had made for dinner. Yellow bulb of the kitchen light casting a warm glow over everything. “Come dance with Momma, John,” she’d said, her lipsticked mouth laughing as she swept him up into her arms. The swish of her skirt as she twirled with him around the room, giggling, the heady, floral scent of her perfume -
“I was watching the water,” John said. “The sea is coming up to meet us.”
Instead John picked up the remote and pressed the ‘mute’ button.
“I wasn’t expecting anyone else,” says the impeccably-dressed stranger. The coat is different, too, close-up. John notices him then. Close-up, he is a man worth noticing. A young Chinese man in his mid-30s; with dark, dark eyes and high cheekbones and warm golden skin. He’s striking in a fitted black suit.
Sherlock stood over the man with the certainty that his chances for survival would be reduced to none.
than become any man’s good little house slave. She got detention for her trouble.
Next he has a small glass jar of Vaseline in his hands; he's always kept one in his glove compartment and he'd slipped it into his jacket pocket earlier, his intentions clear, unclean.  It had been inevitable from the moment that John had left the dance with him. It had been inevitable from the moment John had kissed him and asked for it again. It had been inevitable from the moment he'd first laid eyes upon John Watson on the first day of school. Sherlock had taken a long drag of his cigarette as he watched John walked by, smacked Vic on the arm, and said, right then and there, “Dibs.”
“Mummy!” he said happily, shaking himself off like a small, very energetic dog. With the back of one small hand he wiped the water from his eyes.
Then two fingers, too quick, slick, so much wrongness, and Sherlock’s mouth sucking at his thigh, warmth blooming out from that spot. John keened and bucked but there was no getting away from it. The stretch inside of him so strange, that ache, but no real pain. Two fingers rubbing inside of him, probing, pushing in.
Sherlock, too, and that only makes the whole situation worse.”
“I yelled at him,” John confesses. “The last time I really saw him, I yelled at him.”
Sherlock stopped moving, hips still, letting John writhe upon his dick in an attempt to get more. John looked wrecked already, sweat beading gently upon his skin, cheeks flushed and nipples hard, chest rising up and down with his hot, softly stifled breaths. He was so tired by now, forced flush against Sherlock's lap, completely impaled upon his cock. Sherlock’s hands splayed upon his skin, gripping and squeezing at his hips, at the soft swell of his arse. He held him in place, keeping him from getting the stimulation that he needed. John’s movements were forcefully kept shallow and short, Sherlock’s dick doing little more for him than simply nudging at the bump of his prostate, providing him with teasing, lightning-quick flashes of sensation, not enough, nowhere near enough. He was unable to do little more than rock and squirm.
Maybe, if he had met her earlier, they coulda really been something.
“He was always naked,” Victor says, cutting his manicotti with the side of his fork. “You’d be lucky if you got him to put on a sheet.”
“Rules,” Sherlock scoffed. “If you cared about rules so much, then we’d never have met. And who wrote these rules, John? What committee? Or was it a person?  And why? Awful convenient way to control young people, don’t you think? Keep you all locked in and out of trouble. There’s so much you’re not allowed to do or see. You wonder why. I know you do.”
“mmm mmmrrmph,” mumbled Bill, “mrow mm mmi mmosd mo mell muuu mm mmi mmaff mmming mmor mmu?”
“John!” Sherlock said, and opened the window. “What are you doing here?”
John didn’t know what he wanted Sherlock to say.
“Anyway,” Mike said, “John -
, too. He’d like, slice them open and look at their insides and brew potions out of human parts. And some people say he was a nec…necro-romancer, like he raised the dead and stuff.”
“Oh?” John would reply, interest piqued. “Like what, huh?”
For some reason, the way Sherlock said his name made John feel a pleasant little tingle, in his tummy and shivering up his chest.
“But that’s a bit rude,” said John, “Maybe we can give him or her a name. Then we can call her or him by his or her name.”
“Oh,” said John. That was considerably less impressive, and he felt a little embarrassed for it. He absentmindedly touched Gladstone in his pocket. He wondered if Sherlock’s luggage said his name as well, but all it had was SH carved all fancy into it with a crest, which really didn’t give John any clues, so he didn’t feel bad about it. His name could have been Sherringford, or Shirley, for all he knew.
“Hey!” John squealed, and used his both his hands to hit at the water, splashing Sherlock back. His hands weren’t as good for splashing as Sherlock’s tail was, but he still managed to get Sherlock quite wet.
“But...?”
And once, in the far off distance -
"Shh," Sherlock soothes, and although there’s a soft whimpering sound, it seems to come from very far away.
John’s Sherlock faced down a madman with a gun in his hand, ruthless for a moment before he was caught off-guard by sentiment.
“Too tight?” he asked, when John let out a soft gasp.
, the lights turning off from the back, moving to the front, the darkness moving forward.  John felt a spike of panic stab through his heart as he lept to his feet, snatching up his bookbag with one hand. The library was closing now. That meant curfew was soon.
She pushed back the covers and leapt out of bed. Her breath and heart both fast in her chest, she slowly cracked open the bedroom door.
“If you have so many opinions,” John snapped without looking up, “you should use them on your own blog.”
Sherlock handed over the money for the night - $8.50 in cash.  There was a moment where John heard the clerk say, very stiffly, “I’m sorry, Sir, but we’re all booked up for the night.” There was the moment where John heard the clerk say something much worse, damnation and hellfire and that word -
“It’s just like popping a giant bubble wrap,” John noted. “Well, pus-filled bubble wrap. That grows on a slimy, squirmy black potato.”
And then he says, "Hey," soft, coaxing. "She's a real cherry, but so are you."
That was the truth of it: Sherlock had him. He’s always had him, no matter the lies that John had knitted around his own heart. From the first wonder to the last miracle, from the first corpse to the last kiss. And when they kissed, how Sherlock had him, and had him, and had him.
At the end of the day Sherlock tells John to go find a bar, and he’ll meet them him there by and by. John goes wandering, taking his time, finds a place calling itself The Buccaneer.  It’s small and none too fancy, dark inside the way all bars are, whether it be high noon or midnight. He’s not yet old enough to drink but he stands up tall and strides in like he belongs there.
" She trails the tip of one sharp fingernail down Sherlock's neck, and this time, Sherlock does pull away. "I'll be cutting out now," she says, and presses a kiss to Sherlock's cheek, leaving an imprint of crimson. John makes a sound that Sherlock hasn't heard before, choked back in his throat. "Ta, darling."
“You’re a very good dancer.”
John squirmed around till he could get his feet down on the floor. “If you don’t put that camera down, I will knock you down and forcibly take it from you. ”
“Hoping your neighbors won’t call the police on the burglar in the tree,” John said as he climbed in. “This is a nice neighborhood.”
children,” John was unkind enough to point out.
“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.
Potions class was shared with Gryffindors, and Sherlock had very mixed feelings about this, because he loved Potions and he did not, so much, like Gryffindors.
“That won’t draw too much attention,” Sherlock said.
“Nothing,” said Sherlock.
”, with a smiling skull printed on the label. Next to that there was an identical bowl full of pills labelled, “
“Good, good,” Sherlock said, and stroked John’s hair. His other hand pet his clean-shaven cheek, and now he could feel - when he shifted, when he rubbed - the bulge of his own cock through John’s cheek. “You’re doing so good for me,” he said, praise obvious in his touches.
“It isn’t?” John asked, daring to lift his head up.
goody-two-shoes - that wasn’t who he was. He reached up with a hand and tousled it quickly, before finger-combing it back into place. There. Much better.
“No one’s following you,” Sherlock said. Or at least John thought he said. It was very hard to hear him over the clang of his wrench banging against an old engine.
He had had John like this for the better part of the past two hours. He had teased him, first with hands and slick tongue, then with toys that buzzed and wormed inside of him, making John squirm. It was a delight to make John squirm, to see the writhe of his body and the involuntary twitches of his cock. The noises he made were far more intriguing for the fact that they were quieted by the gag in his mouth. Again and again, Sherlock brought John to the very verge of orgasm, and then, just as he could see John tense and strain towards climax, he would take all stimulation away. He would slow the touches down, perhaps, pet him and relax him, touch him everywhere except for his flushed and throbbing cock, rub him inside everywhere except for his swollen prostate. He would tease John until he was a shivering ball of need, but John wasn’t allowed to come.
Hazel threw open the door; her mouth opened with a yell. There was nothing there. The rain struck her in the face with hundreds of tiny blows; the wind howled back, trying to push the door out of her grip.
“Hey! Only part of that phrase is true,” Victor says. He pauses meaningfully. “We were over 18, so legally we weren’t juvenile anymore.”
John swallowed, squared his shoulders and set his jaw. "You don't seem very frightening."
“Exactly,” Sherlock said.
be an expert busylips,” John said, not just a little judgmentally, and then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
From here, right here, maybe nowhere don’t look so bad.
Still, he couldn’t help feeling just a little bit disappointed.
“I…suppose,” John interrupted himself with a gasp that sounded like,
went the window.
“I’ll lead you first and show you how to do it. Then you can give it a try,” Sherlock explained himself, as if he could read John’s mind. One of these days, John thought, he really would develop telepathy - the kind that would
” and he suddenly found that he couldn’t, was nauseous at the notion of continuing even though he was hard for her and she was lovely and warm and wet.
Sherlock pushing in, too much, too quickly, the burn and the stretch and the cleaving of John’s virgin body. John’s throat felt raw; felt rawness inside of him -something so hard pushing deep, all the way up into the core of him.  It was inside of him, forcing him open. Split open, from his belly to the base of his throat. John clutched at his pillow, something, anything, for an anchor, for comfort. Then Sherlock’s body on top of his, completely wrapping him up, kissing and nuzzling and nipping at his neck, cool press of skin against his, as Sherlock all around him, surrounding, his hungry murmurs of, “
Sherlock sighed, deep and mournful. John was so cruel to him. It was wholly unfair.
“I’ve never had a reason to spend any prolonged amount of time in them before.”
"Seeing as how you're even less than that, how can you judge?" Sherlock points out.
he prayed, tugging the sheets up over his head.
to him,” said Bill. “Or that he’s cast the Imperius Curse on you and that’s why you’re hanging around him all of a sudden, because no one would subject themselves to that willingly. It’s bad for both of your reputations, really.”
Hazel froze, staring down at him.
The adults had adult conversation; discussions about the rising price of petrol, what they thought of Prime Minister Thatcher, the fact that Mrs. Harold down the road had bought a flashy new car and so soon what with her husband passing away and all, and how the fence needed mending so perhaps Tom could help with that tomorrow.
John did as he was bid, dropping down onto the edge with an awkward expression while Sherlock fiddled with the camera. “Um, what do you want me to do?”
“You’re...you’re inside me...” John breathes, as if he can hardly believe it.
The ride back to West Wittering was silent and tense. The radio was playing, but no one sang along.
and when he stopped by her house he was told to just drive on by. Her father wouldn’t even let him get out of the car. John had to escort Harry anyways and so he went stag to the dance.
“Sweet dreams, John,” Bill whispered, after the lights went out in the Gryffindor dormitories. “But I
“What are they saying?” John said, dismayed.
Sherlock’s smile was sharp, his eyes jewel-bright. “Are you ready to ask for it, then? What you want?”
“But I was right here!” John protested.
who she is.”
“Come on,” the boy said, and wiggled his fingers impatiently.
He thought of all the ground he had already covered. It would take him just as long to turn back, at this point, as it would to make it home.  No, he had to keep going. He would make it home.
“No, not like you two are,” the Head Boy said blandly, and John was trying to decide if he was being mocked. It was very hard to tell. “How many friends do you imagine he has? I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
“We’ll talk to him about not scaring his mother like that again --”
"And you…"
Sherlock grinned and dropped to his knees. He slid both hands up John’s thighs, massaging them, before he firmly pushed them apart.
"Nothing," Sherlock says, nudging their mouths together.
(It had only happened
John pushes back into it; meets Sherlock with lips and tongue open, warm and yielding. His body yields like the spring earth.
“No!” Carl gasped. “Not Quidditch!”
That was it.
The cross was the right way up. It had, of course, always hung the right way up. As John looked up at it, he was overcome with the unnerving sensation that he was being watched. The cold prickle on his neck, spider-legs of dread crawling up his spine.
It happens honey-drip slow, John’s eyes bright wide open and watching Sherlock’s face come close the whole time like waiting for the moon to eclipse the sun, going cross-eyed from looking until Sherlock becomes a blur of pale skin and dark hair and Sherlock is closing his eyes and John wonders whether he should close his too and then, contact, then - oh my god, this. For the first time in his life, another person’s mouth is pressed to his.
Elvis sings with longing. On the same record, on the B side: “My Baby Left Me.”
“But...but we’re both boys!” John protests.
John blinked at it. When and why did he… No, best not to ask.
Sherlock  had missed the part where this necessitated performing obscene acts upon a spoon.
“She might put her head against your chest.”
And the woods, they were so quiet. John suddenly noticed because he himself had gone quiet, not moving, not even daring to breathe. There was no hum of insects, no birdsong from the trees above, no flies to buzz around the carcass. Only the whisper of the wind in the trees.
“No!” said Mike.
John’s eyes slid sideways, a dark blur of blue through his eyelashes. Sherlock brushed at the gold fuzz with the tip of his nose and grinned at John’s little huff of laughter.
There was a rack of potions next to the bed, gleaming in their peculiar bottles: reds and blues, greens and golds. John wanted to touch them all; or, even better, try them, to see what they
“But we could try. I haven’t run an experiment like that before,” Sherlock added thoughtfully, looking at John and then back to the slug again. “Yes. I think that might be an area worthy of study.”
Something skittered behind him. John turned, suddenly, but there was nothing there. It must have only been the dry, fallen leaves scratching across the pavement.
“That doesn’t mean-
“Well, aren’t you just a clumsy Clyde,” she said, and placed a pink lipstick print directly over the purpling mark.
And underneath the covers John’s hand moved and wrapped around himself, unable to keep from touching himself although he knew that it was sinful and wrong. Although they’d taught him in Sunday school that God was always watching, although Momma had always told him to “be a good boy, John,”  he thought of the heat of Sherlock’s hands on his thighs spreading them open, how Sherlock’s fingers gently but insistently gripped his flesh, the press of Sherlock’s leg right
“You leave him alone!” John shouted, he didn’t care who heard. He hoped one of the Professors would hear and put an end to all this, but it seemed like help was not coming. None of the students watching seemed inclined to go and run to any of the authorities, either. It was far too entertaining for that.
“What did you
. You’re too polite for your own good.”
Mrs. Hudson greets him with a tight hug and an exuberant kiss on the cheek. John hugs her back, noticing for the first time how small her waist is; has she lost weight? Although her grip on him is iron-strong.
“The beat, the beat, it makes their bodies feel so hot, and they begin thinking things, these immoral things, they get these ideas in their head, hellfire in the core of their bodies-”
“How was your walk?” Victor asks him.
"Like you?" John asked. He took a quick little breath when Sherlock slipped his small, cool hand down, and rested it right over where John's heart would be.
Sherlock’s eyes half-lidded with pleasure. “It’s your own fault for being so sensitive,” he said. It was an observation, far from a complaint. One of his hands slid between them and he rubbed his thumb and two fingers over the slippery, flushed head of John’s dick. John shuddered hard, whimpering - he was close again, so quickly and so easily. Sherlock could feel the threat of orgasm in the pressure of John’s knees and thighs squeezing against his hips. He could feel how much he wanted to come in the exquisite way John’s body clenched around him, as if he were trying to hold on to Sherlock’s hard, thick dick inside of him.
Towards the front of the Church, above the altar, hung a giant crucifix. The Son of God sculpted in exquisite, loving detail; from the soft curls of his brown hair to every straining muscle, long lashes resting gently upon his cheeks, serene and beautiful in his suffering.
"They're saying that your mother is actually a dwarf," Bill said. He looked John up and down. "You know, on account of your being so short and all."
burrito!’” Victor finishes, chuckling. “‘You can’t prove a thing!’”
“They’re in the ocean,” the boy said, which made sense. If they were swimming like Harry, and the boy had gone exploring like John, it could take a while before they noticed that their little boy was missing. It also meant that it would take more time for John to find them than to try and help the boy out himself.
Her cheek will touch his cheek.  She will smell of lavender or roses. Her lips will be rouged red or pink.
“Well...” said Bill. “He could have both. Head injury and then evil spell on top of it. Wait, do head injuries mess with evil spells?”
“What is it?” John asked.
He was still holding onto Sherlock’s wrist. He really ought to let it go, he knew, but he couldn’t make his fingers release, not just yet.
No room for bursts of blood and brain inside Sherlock's head now, no room for emptiness; all his empty spaces had been filled with John, the warmth of him seemingly endless.
, dry, scrape of skin over sensitive flesh, threatening to push inside, and then pressing in just a little,
Sherlock, who was usually less than impressed by everything, appeared even less than less-than-impressed with the two Gryffindors who were currently displaying their bravery by hiding behind the smallest boy of their year. He arched an imperious brow.
How he wanted to peel John open, layer by layer, wanted to dissect and discover him. He wanted to assail him with pleasure until he lost all composure and fell asunder in Sherlock’s arms; wanted to wrack him with sensation until Sherlock was the singular star in his universe. A harder pinch to John’s nipple awarded Sherlock with a little squeak of pain John couldn’t quite hold back; but he didn’t flinch or try to escape, and Sherlock sucked in his breath with realization.
“Meanwhile,” Mike said, grinning, “Can we talk about how John beat up Carl Powers? How brilliant is
By the time last period rolled around John had begun to feel a bit better. The haze that had been so tightly wrapped around his mind seemed to loosen, like bits of cotton falling away.
“Of course,” Sherlock said, as if this were the most obvious thing in the world. He was so bold. Unashamed. But really, what was there to be ashamed of? It wasn’t a crime to
John does. Well, as much as he can disclose that’s not classified. He starts with the helicopter ride, and then Buckingham Palace, and then talks a bit about Irene Adler, swallows down the burn in his throat with wine, wishes he had something a bit stronger.
An impossibility he didn’t want to think about; the phantom feeling of hands upon his skin, the often-revisited dream weight of someone on top of him…
“I don’t know,” John repeated. He was currently more concerned with the sides of triangles than with the high school social scene. “I don’t much like dances.”
“It was a great big white bird and I saw it,” John said.
Because he was being chased. Something was after him. No time to look over his shoulder. He didn’t dare.
He smiled then, a real, genuine smile, open and guileless, the likes of which were so rare that Mycroft had probably seen it no more than five times in the last three years. His pale eyes were bright, his cheeks flushed. He was happy.
(See the end of the chapter for
He pulled back to watch John as he fingered him, saw how his skin had taken on a sheen of sweat, the mess of his hair tossed back against the pillows and the glisten of tongue hanging out of his open, panting mouth. John: compact, put-together, the calmness in chaos, the steady hand. He wanted to make a mess of him, wanted to watch him fall apart. He would deconstruct him and make him anew. John whimpered and shivered around the fingers pushing into him, rubbing and pressing, fucking him. His insides were enticingly, indulgently hot.
“Open up,” Sherlock commanded, and then, almost kindly: “And try not to gag.” Although that had to be near the top of the list of the greatest earthly pleasures, the sight of John Watson gagging helplessly on his cock.
“No,” John told him, kissed both his hands, “No,” kissed his face, “No, I couldn’t,” cupped Sherlock’s face with both hands trembling and kissed his mouth. “Just you, only you.”
say.”
“What, like a fish? A porpoise? You know there’s never been a shark sighting at this beach.”
have time," said Sherlock, as if he were the owner of all the time in the world, and those who sought to use some had to sign it out from him.
“You’ll have a new home, with me,” Sherlock said. “You’ll sleep on a bed of soft sand, and seaweed will a pillow make, and I’ll cover you with a blanket of waves. I’ll curl up around you and keep you warm.”
He looked up. The sun was long gone, and fiery red seeped up the darkening sky, as if the sun had bled out as it died.
And John, the darling little lamb, he’d followed.
John stepped back, and, he let him in.
"Well, okay," John said, "but I have to let Mummy know if I'm going to be having dinner at your house."
“Just as I thought,” said Sherlock, revving the engine a little. The car peeled away from the side of the road, vibrations thrumming under John's skin. “A little over a mile from here. If your bike was working you’d be home in no time. Lucky for you I happened upon you.”
At that Bill finally released John, who took in air in great gulping gasps. He had every intention of being upset with Bill, but one look at the giant grin spread across his friend’s face made all the upset melt away.
Hazel looked out at the water. There was Harry, there was Cara, there was no sign at all of a little blond head bobbing in the water. “No!” She sprang to her feet, fear making her voice high. “I can’t see him!”
of a body against it.
Sally stared at him, hard, for a long moment, before shaking her head. Whether the expression on her face was pity or disgust or sadness, John couldn’t tell, and it was just as well.
, as if this whole affair were all very
your cock, give it to me, I need it, please, oh please, please..."
“Wow!” John said, peering in. “Is it real?”
“Oh. That song.”
He didn’t have on any House colours, so he was a first-year, then. He was slight, scrawny, even, with a wild mop of dark curls atop his head. He sat oddly, with his knees drawn up to his chest on the seat, and his fingers steepled together underneath his chin, as if in prayer. He was bundled up in a long dark blue scarf - maybe he wanted to be in Ravenclaw? He appeared to be asleep. A large owl in a cage dozed next to him. It
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, and crossed the distance between them so that he could pull John in for a kiss. “You’re very indecent.”
He tilted his chin up with pride. “I...I have made a friend.”
"She must be something real special," Irene says, leaning in  and inhaling, the tip of her nose brushing against Sherlock's neck. Sherlock holds himself stock-still. "You smell good. Like frustration. She doesn't even put out, does she? Never thought you'd stand for that, babe."
“It wasn’t your fault.” He’s not sure if he should reach for Victor’s hand.
“I don’t need your help,” Sherlock snapped, snatching his books right out of John’s hands. “I don’t need anybody’s help.”
”And this, this is Mycroft,” Sherlock said, handing Billy off to John so he could present his (very, very large owl) with a grand flourish. Sherlock moved around a lot when he was excited. “He’s my great, big, fat dumb owl.”
Tulsa: “Oil Capital of the World.” The city sprawls out with beautiful buildings in Art Deco style, erected as tribute to the power of man, uplifted by the gods of industry. The ornate facades and bold geometry reach towards the sky - joyful, joyful, ever joyful for the progress of mankind.
“You ought to watch where you’re going, Holmes,” the dark-haired Hufflepuff sneered.
And then, other times, the thudding went on all night.
John shakes his head no but his breathing has increased, his pupils dilated.
"I wouldn't be so sure of that," sneered the unmistakably snotty voice of Carl Powers. Sadly, he was completely Healed to his regular, crummy self, and on his face was a normal nose, not even the slightest bit bumpy or wonky. The only consolation was that Carl did have a fairly funny-looking little face, as far as faces went, with ears and hair all sticking out. It was not nice to note that, of course, but then again, Carl Powers was not a nice boy, and John supposed that it was all right to note when not-nice-people were not-nice-looking.
“Thank you,” John said, for the gift of the very pretty stone. He looked down at his hand and then up at Sherlock’s pale and pretty eyes. “I thought you weren’t coming back.”
John’s lungs contract with breath stopped and his body tense and stopped and his brain tries to catch up but then that stops, too.
He also looked ridiculous in the general way that Sherlock had always looked, all dark curls and long limbs, skin like alabaster and eyes of indeterminate colour; those features that were off-putting in one light and then unearthly in another. No one could possibly look like that, and the familiarity of it all made John feel like his insides were being wrung out.
He does not remember the boy’s name.
maybe, even.”
Once inside 221B Sherlock could not resist a kiss, this one harsher, tenderness sizzling in the surge of need. He pulled John to him and he held him tucked just right against his own body, and felt the air in his own lungs and the blood in his own heart. He was aware of being alive. He was aware, even more, of John being alive. He wanted his tongue in John’s mouth and pressed for it, their mouths melded together and then pulling back so that he could lick at John’s lips. John wanted it too and opened for him with a soft moan, the sort of sound that travelled directly to a man’s cock.
We were already halfway undressed by the time we made it up to the flat. I felt drunk with the feeling, everything was bright and sharp and real. I was alive, and he was alive, after we’d nearly died, again tonight. “Jesus,” John said, as I slammed the door behind me and shoved him toward the nearest flat surface—which happened to be our kitchen table. I thrust a leg between his thighs to open them, leaning in and rolling our hips together. I grabbed the hair on the back of his head and turned his mouth upward to my own. It tasted like sweat, and like gunsmoke. I didn’t even think to deduce what he’d eaten for dinner. “Jesus God,” John swore again, his breath erratic. I undid his trousers, and then my own, pushing them down, with my pants, so that they scrunched around my knees. John scrambled off the table to do the same. I was so hard, desperately needed some friction, so I moved forward and reached for the back of John’s arse and pulled his hips into mine so that our cocks were slotted next to each other. We stilled there, for a second, both of us breathing heavily. John’s eyes were dark and wide and he gasped, “God, Sherlock. You.”
“And you did?” Sherlock asked.
When Mycroft had finished, Molly didn’t know whether he was right or wrong. It made her extremely uncomfortable, to on some level
, Sherlock willed himself. He backed out of the room and closed the door.
, he realized.
, this would be so much easier if Sherlock would just bloody talk to him.
“I need your help,” she said.
. Good
John swallowed, suddenly nervous. It was one thing to dream about it, and he had, plenty of times, but it was quite another to actually do it. “Okay,” he replied, tentatively. He spat in his hand again, and wet his prick, and held his breath as he gently pushed in.
In reality, however, John’s reactions were much more in line with Sherlock’s; he’d also had quite a time getting his grin under control. Whenever Sherlock did something annoying and Mary flew off-the-handle, he and John would share a look and all but snigger into their hands, like schoolboys making mischief. John got several earfuls from his wife later on, and though he tried to be understanding, he was unable to feel any sort of sympathy for her—and it showed. They’d already had half a dozen domestics in the six days Sherlock had been staying with them.
Sherlock felt a shiver down his spine. “No,” he said again, into the skin of John’s neck. God, this couldn’t possibly feel this amazing, something had to be—
story—which allowed Mycroft to settle the matter internally, behind the government’s closed doors. But Lestrade’s case was already hitting international news, and Mycroft deemed it too dangerous to cover up, now.
Anna smirked, and it was the first smile John had seen since they’d talked about their big feet in Sherlock’s hospital room. “I was going to say ‘imaginary friend,’” she said, wryly. “But by all means, tell me what you really think of yourself.”
Anna’s expression locked in panic, but it was too late.
John tried not to laugh at the irony.
Suddenly, two guards burst out of the fourth floor door, right across from them. Sherlock let go of Anna’s wrist and moved in front of her, disarming the first one and ducking as the guard swung his fist to clobber him in the face. The second guard was still in the doorway, however, and Anna saw her chance—she leapt past Sherlock and behind the door as it came away from the wall, then wedged herself in the gap and used her legs to shove the door closed with all her might. It smashed into the second guard, pinning him awkwardly between the door and the frame, and he yelped in pain, his gun still in his hand but now askew. Anna flipped the knife open and sliced out at the trapped hand—he screamed and dropped the gun. She smirked with satisfaction as she flung the door open again and stabbed him in the neck before he had time to react. The guard’s eyes widened in shock, and he coughed blood onto her face. “Ugh,” she grunted, pulling out her knife and shoving him down the steps in disgust. He tumbled into the wall below, and lay still.
“Oh, give him a break, would you? The poor man. I’m sure he spent that last thirteen years reflecting on what a plonker he’d been convincing himself he wasn’t in love with you. Honestly, it got to be so painful to watch, for the rest of us.”
He ran out of the library just in time, apologizing to the librarian who was about to shut the doors on him - he’d almost been trapped in for the night, as he’d been sitting hidden in the stacks.
drinking, isn’t that obvious,” Sherlock said, indicating his mostly-full glass.
"Is he a wizard?" asked Sherlock, who had never heard of such a being before.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide with wonder. He was looking at John as if it had just been revealed that he was actually one of the co-authors of
John moaned, low and long, a sound of pure sensuality. He gasped and his body shook with uncontrollable tremors, and then, with a deep-bone shudder, he was clenching around Sherlock once more.
“So go out with her,” Sherlock said. This was the same thing he had said about Sarah and Liza and Suzy and Pamela. “Look, if you don’t go out with girls people will talk.”
“It’s going to be a heck of a time cleaning up,” said John, bending down to pick up some of the larger pieces of broken glass.
He didn’t tell Mycroft about John. What did Mycroft need to know about John? He had nothing to tell him, really. It wasn’t like they were friends or anything. It wasn’t like they would be, because Sherlock was a very intelligent person, and he knew how these things generally worked out.
dripping fangs and black tongue and Teeth sinking into his throat, and John was thrashing, wet gush of blood and shrieking animal terror  and up in the core of his body like a hammer was the pounding of intense sickening pleasure, he was spilling out white splatter and thin fluid in helpless spasms a gush of wet inside of him, so much wet tried to scream, tried, and in his mouth the taste of blood,  blood-
“Yeah,” he agreed.
“And this is why breakfast is my specialty,” Victor says, getting up. “Morning afters.”
“Yes, exactly that,” Sherlock said, and smiled. “John Watson’s Sherlock.”
“Reading.”
“So really, it’s not just you,” Mike nodded.
"Be as loud as you want," Sherlock breathes. "Your mama's not downstairs."
John’s hands both clenched in the sheet. He didn’t understand this feeling that had risen up in him all of a sudden. He had a terrible headache and he was dealing with a concussion, and now Bill was dismissing what he was saying because Bill overreacted to everything. It was usually very amusing and it made John laugh a lot, but right now he didn’t feel like laughing at all.
John is going to get neck strain from looking up, Sherlock says. Sherlock would also like him to stop taking pictures that are angled directly up his nose.
“Sherlock! Give. It. To. Me!” John cried as they played tug-of-war with the camera between them.
“But it’s not just something trivial like that,” said Sally. “Do you know why they say those things about him - that he meddles with Dark Magic and things like that?”
"People are silly," John decided. "And you’re brilliant."
Her touch was too tender; a mother’s ignorant love. There was so much that she didn’t know. He wanted to cry. He wanted to roll over and be sick.
at least five times now and John still doesn’t quite know the plot.
. There are more creative uses, too. For example, did you know that a treacherous Devil’s Snare looks exactly like the innocuous household Flitterbloom? Switch one for the other, and you’d have the victim watering and nurturing their very own murderer.”
When Sherlock pulled back, he reached for the lube, spilling it over his fingers in two generous squirts. He spread it over his own erection, needy and heated. He inserted the tip of the tube into John, squeezing it until the lube overflowed, dripping out of his tight hole, slick and wet and glistening obscenely. John shifted, moaning softly at the feeling of being filled with lube, cold and wet, but Sherlock was fascinated by the sight of his hole, shining wet and dripping. He slid his fingers into the mess just to feel the slide of it, and the excess lube that trickled out was warm with John's body heat, as if he had produced the liquid himself in preparation to be fucked.
they wanted to!”
The pain did only last a second, because then Sherlock was licking the bite wound with soft flickering tongue, cool and wet, soothing away the hurt. John watched, fascinated, as his own blood dripped out. Sherlock’s mouth was smeared with red.
There was no escape, no turning back.
And so Sherlock did. He wrapped himself around John, clutching him tight, holding him in place. He fucked him viciously, thrusts sharp and unrelenting. His hips collided with the soft flesh of John’s arse, as if trying to tattoo out the rhythm, in morse code, of his own name, in rapid succession. How selfless John was, how heavenly-hot, sacrificial upon Sherlock's altar, his body a vessel, a temple, a warm, willing fuckhole for Sherlock to use, to take, to worship and fill up and violate and adore.
“You shouldn’t have had so much to drink,” chastised Sherlock. “Your metallisation…metbatolism..metabolic rateof alcohol can’t be very high, due to your small stature.”
“Yeah!” Bill said, stepping forward, hands held out placatingly. “I mean, it’s cause I like you, and you’re my friend, and you’re so much better than…than
“My hero,” said John drily.
"No bodies?" Sally echoed.
“There’s just no stopping them,” her father said.
He told himself he was very pleased with being right, as he thought up new and innovative ways for people to die.
“And now what are you doing?” Mycroft asked from the doorway. Sherlock scowled at him, at his height and at his shiny Head Boy badge.
” said the petty underlings of the crime syndicate, whispering it amongst each other in hushed voices.
“He called me an idiot,” Victor says. “For about half an hour. 45 minutes. I’m not sure. I zoned out somewhere after the insulting inferences to inbreeding on my father’s side.”
“Hey!” Bill said, “No one talks about our John that way!”
. His hot little body shudders underneath Sherlock’s, his fingers curling into the styled strands at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, arching up into the press of lips, of tongue, of teeth.
He was a criminal; they were certainly criminals both. The things they did that night were illegal in Oklahoma and Kansas and 47 other states besides. They committed unspeakable acts together, made crime scenes of each other. A whole world passed by outside of their locked door, ordinary and unknowing.
His world shifted and he found himself on his back, lain down on the softness of his own bed, without remembering how they got there. He certainly didn’t remember moving from point A to point B. Then again, with Sherlock looming over him, with one cool pale hand sliding up his shirt, John could barely remember his own name.
Then Gregory Lestrade, Gryffindor Prefect, sat down next to him on the sofa and that marginal feeling of betterness seemed to twist and flit away. He held his breath and waited for the inevitable Lestrade Lecture about just how many House Points they’d lost and how difficult it would be for Gryffindor to take the House Cup this year.
Little earthbound John Watson, he has Sherlock so cranked, so flipped, so frustrated he’s constantly on edge, mind racing, body racing, every nerve of him singing with tension, gears humming, churning, engine pumping, working wild, bent eight, 225 horsepower plus, flooring it at 80 mph burning rubber a hopped up storming machine.
"Sluggish?" John offered helpfully.
“Fine!” John said again, instead, and turned and walked away, leaving Sherlock all alone on the middle of the floor.
I love Miri a lot, she is such a sweetheart and
But today John had looked at him and had used that tired word, friend, and had declared it in front of everyone, as if Sherlock was the exact same as those who bantered and giggled with him, as if Sherlock were the type to trade Chocolate Frog cards and debate the Cannons’ chances this season. John had spilled blood for Sherlock, both his own and that of Sherlock’s enemy - that had to count for something. It always counted in barbarian, vampiric, and piratic circles.
And looking down upon him, Jesus seemed awful disappointed.
drew me a smutty picture to go with this smutlet. NSFW. If you're not at work, check it out
Too late.
“Shh!” Molly shushed her, “You’re not supposed to say things like that.”
turned solely upon him. John fought back a sob of lust. It was like Sherlock was peeling him down into the sheets of a CT scan.
Their mouths pressed against one another, their lips and tongues moving wetly against each other, John was dimly aware of Sherlock gently prying the camera from his hands and setting it aside on the carpet. He let it happen, his hips pressing against Sherlock’s as John rubbed their bodies together. He didn’t care what was happening as long as Sherlock kept up that thing with his
“Seconded!” said John, with great enthusiasm.
This continued on in this order - a Gryffindor, a Hufflepuff, a Slytherin (John could have guessed that one, that boy looked awfully suspicious), Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, Slytherin, with Sherlock guessing and John guessing, too, but Sherlock always got it right.
Instead he looked down at the table again, and noticed yet another guest he had somehow missed before.
Stanford, CA 94305
“Oh,” John said, letting out a little breath.
“I know,” said Hazel, who did.
With the heat of Sherlock's erection pressed up right between his thighs John quivers and spreads his legs. Never done it before but boy's got good instincts.
John wondered what else he could possibly be in trouble for, and whether he should try to see if the squashy sofa could swallow him completely.
John smirks, proud of himself; lets his palm rub slowly, fingers tracing and teasing - feeling the shape and heat of it. Listens to Sherlock’s panting breath; his name “John,
"Sh-Sherlock," he whimpered. His name slipped out of John's mouth like a prayer, begging and thanking and wanting so equally. It was gorgeous.
"Ah, I see we've been quite busy," John said conversationally. This, oddly, was one of his favorite parts of the day. Teasing a serious, focused Sherlock was too much fun, the reward being a quirk of the lips or a blush across those sharp, pale cheeks, sometimes even a tiny laugh. That was his favorite.
. It's the best part of his day after all and he refuses to miss even a moment of it because Irene Adler decided to lecture him on the dangers of Victor Trevor. Fuck no. He needs to get back to his room
in frustration. Come
personality. He was perfect. Positively perfect in every single way.
"Who's that?" she asks, tilting her head toward someone behind Sherlock, and Sherlock scolds himself for believing even for a second that she could have gotten him out of this in some way because
"Eh, yeah, I skived off for the afternoon," Mike said with a wave of his hand. "I needed to sleep a bit after my wild weekend." He wiggled his eyebrows, stretching his arms and yawned exaggeratedly. John glared at him.
"It-it's not mine," he says hastily. "It…I don't know, must have gotten dropped in my locker on accident."
Then Sherlock swipes up his phone from the table.
"My home is with you," John echoes, his deep blue eyes never resembling the ocean more as they well up.
Sherlock shivers under the attention, focusing on John's hand against his thigh, holding steady as the other gropes around the nightstand for the supplies Sherlock had been in charge of purchasing, which he did on Friday before any of this became too real, a small box of condoms and a bottle of lube, all thoroughly researched, purchased with shaky fingers and red cheeks and not a hint of eye contact with the store clerk.
Sherlock's lips curved into a slow smile, watching all of John's thoughts play across his face and he strode to him, crowding John slightly, leaning in to place a gentle kiss on his lips. John hummed, feeling all the tension and the panic draining slowly out of him, Sherlock's lips so reassuring over his.
But he can still see him.
"It'll pass," Greg assures him. "Eventually, he'll be comfortable enough with his own feelings and yours that it won't cross his mind to be worried."
What he finds above him answers his question immediately and his insides go all gooey at the sight, pride filling him to the brim as he takes in the harsh curve of John's frame where he's sitting up and, Christ,
"Uh," he says, nodding his head to the bag sitting neatly under John's bed. "Your bag."
Sherlock felt his stomach do a backflip.
"Oh fuck that!" Mike shouts back, swinging an arm around John's shoulders, jostling him from side to side. "Team Watson is gonna be unstoppable, boys! Get fucking ready!"
"You'll be there around seven?"
John doesn't go with them.
"You're just a quiet little nerd, aren't you?"
"Oh my God. You solved the case, didn't you?"
Just beyond the last row of old, dusty books sitting atop thin metal racks, Sherlock Holmes sits bent over a textbook, back curved harshly, long fingers dug deep in his curls as he rereads the same sentence for the hundredth time. He should give up. He knows he should. He's absorbed no new information, his normal laser-focus eluding him today as he glances at the clock ticking away against the wall across from him.
John is certain it is.
Sherlock's eyes shoot wide. "You're kidding."
The metal doors lining the inside of the locker room rattle with the strength of Greg Lestrade's shout as the rest of the ruby team falls silent, every mouth snapping shut and every eye turning to find their red-faced captain glaring out at the sea of them, though the corners of his mouth twitch as his team obeys him.
Maybe John gives more credit to Sherlock's clothes than he ought to, considering it's really
, he was going to find out what was going on. Finally he was going to
"Well," Victor's voice has gone a bit quiet and unsure and Sherlock can't help turning back around, curiosity getting the better of him to see what's gotten into his project partner. Victor's green eyes glance down to his feet before peering up at Sherlock almost shyly. "I, uh… look, I'm not the greatest at Chemistry-"
John has given him so damn much and it's so easy now, to give for and ask for what he wants, to make the first move, to love and be loved. It's beautiful to feel this free, this comfortable, this
Sherlock. Not like that."
"Ah, no," John shakes his head, eyes still locked on Sherlock. "No, I think our opponent here is just as surprised as we are."
Chemistry lecture.
Waiting.
Sherlock begins to drown out John's bumblings as anger strikes red hot in his gut. "Hey," he spits, putting a halt to John's words. "I am fine. I'm not some delicate thing you have to coddle at every turn. I may be new to all this but I'm not incapable of saying no. You think I couldn't have knocked you right on your arse if I wanted you off of me?"
He is rather curious what Sherlock's first move will be.
"It's nothing, really," Sherlock mutters, suddenly panicked that this gift is completely ridiculous, that John might find it silly or, god forbid
There will come a time, and Sherlock is fully aware of this, where John will not find Sherlock so interesting. He won't find dangerous experiments funny and nightly takeway enjoyable. He won't find Sherlock's sleep habits or his short attention span endearing. He'll become bored, maybe even irritated. It won't last. Of that, Sherlock is certain. John's got plenty of options, friendships and relationships practically lining up at his door. John is likeable. He's fun.
for you. Waiting for you to come back from war. And now I find out you've been here. For how long, John? How long have you been back?"
Another painful realization.
But now is not that time, now is not the moment to express anything of the sort because Sherlock is currently staring at him like a deer caught in headlights clearly debating whether he or John will be the first to flee as his sharp gaze darts toward the door and back to John, toes perched on the floor ready to push off at any sign of that last confession coming back around to bite him, prepped and ready to sprint at any sign of trouble.
John Watson is just full of bombshells tonight. "What?" is the only reply Sherlock can manage, blinking rapidly as John's smirk turns soft and warm.
Warning: This is where the story descends into gradual new relationship smut. Not your thing? Probably should stop reading now… The rest of you lovely people who've been AMAZINGLY supportive? Enjoy!
that?" John shouts, stepping closer, fury glowing in his eyes, "I thought we were waiting!"
"That literally means nothing to me," John said teasingly but truthfully.
He can't help the way his cheeks warm at the words, rather pleased that John is missing him just as much.
"Because I'm male?"
"Enough, alright?" Greg bites back. "I get it. My boyfriend can act like a real dick sometimes. I just wanted to apologize on his behalf and see if you guys wanted to grab drinks at Paul's with me. I feel like I owe you both after that."
John had fought tooth and nail to get out of it.
Tries not to think about it when he looks at Victor. Doesn’t watch his mouth when he talks, doesn’t imagine the shape of his mouth on Sherlock’s skin. He doesn’t look at his throat or consider what it might look like purpled with love bites. And when Victor comes out of the shower, water dripping off his dark hair and trickling down his neck and then lower than that, John definitely doesn’t think about Victor and Sherlock at the pool, their wet bodies rubbing against each other, tongues and mouths wet and slick with water and saliva.
Hazel looked. It had rained a lot that last week in July, and the ocean was heavy with it, the waves large and swollen. The sky was dark and the wind whipped through the trees as the rain pelted down in sheets of water. The sea was rising with the storm, and it appeared to be coming closer.
“How could you forget to check if the door was locked?” Hazel whisper-shouted. She suddenly wanted a cigarette. She had not smoked since before Harriet was born. Instead she got up to put the kettle on for tea. “How many times have I said that door needs to be locked? He could have drowned!”
This is much better, John aching for it, begging and compliant.
Sherlock grinned at him--he could probably feel John’s cock jump, the prick--and ran a suggestive hand down the back of his thigh and over his arse.
John and Carl shook hands, reluctant but obliging, although it wasn’t so much a shaking as it was part arm-wrestling and part attempting to squeeze one another’s fingers off.
Tap. Tap. Tap.
Sherlock nodded, satisfied. He nipped at the area of throat above the collar.
It was enough to make one want to throw a blanket over one’s head and refuse to come out, not that Sherlock did that sort of thing.
’ but only a squeaked, "Oh god!" when Sherlock slides just the tip of his tongue over the pretty flushed head of John's dick, wetting it with both saliva and precum.
“I want…” John pauses. “I want to go for a walk.”
“Rather the idea,” Sherlock hummed into his ear as he rocked into him for a few thrusts, nice and easy, before he slammed forward again.
Everybody, as far as they knew, was there.
“We didn’t care then. It’s hard to care about the future when you’re 20 and off your face most days of the week. We just wanted to have a good time. Still, I knew him really well. I knew him better than anyone. But even then he was always a bit of a mystery. And then there’s all this,” he makes a grand gesture at the entire flat, at the various reminders from their cases, at the pile of newspaper clippings in a box, their stacks and stacks of research, “and I don’t know any of it, and it makes me think that I didn’t know anything at all.”
"Shh," said Sherlock, and sucked a kiss on his thigh as he slid his fingers out. "I'll give you what you need."
“I'm sure that can't be true.”
Harry ran into John, quite literally, on the steps of the school, nearly knocking him over as she slapped his backpack.
Sherlock peeled off his tee shirt like shedding a second skin, and John forgot how to breathe. Sherlock resembled a sculpture, pale as alabaster, smooth, perfect skin and lean muscles all over: his corded arms, his broad chest, the flat planes of his stomach.
Sherlock bit his lip. Torn between temptations, he looked over at John, who’d rolled up onto one elbow to watch him as suspiciously as he could manage in his sensory fog.
“Aww, that’s not true,” said Bill.
Sherlock didn’t have to go back to see the psychiatrist again, after that session.
“Because I can’t unhinge my jaw and eat half my body weight in one sitting,” Sherlock drawls. "I’d rather not eyeball him, if it’s all the same to you.”
“Holmes and Watson ganged up on me, Professor! I was walking back to Gryffindor Tower and then they jumped me!” cried Powers, punctuating the words with a shower of chocolate crumbs. “You can ask Sebastian and Silvius, they were there! They’re witnesses! These two
He pressed their foreheads together, brushed his fingers over John’s temple where the man had pressed the gun. He was a dead man now. Sherlock closed his eyes and heard the now-familiar sound of bullet piercing flesh, saw the distinctive red hue of fresh blood, he squeezed his eyes shut tight and wanted to squeeze the trigger all over again.
Can you imagine Sherlock just working, flexing unnecessarily, pushing an errant curl away from his forehead, bending over to show off his ass, just loving the fact that he has an audience - oh hello John didn’t see you there, I don’t know what you’re talking about I always work on my car like I’m going for Mr. July in a “Hot Boys and Hot Rods” calendar
Sherlock took the proffered gift of his throat, and claimed it with his mouth. He licked a hot, wet trail up the strong line of it. He kissed the soft swell of John’s Adam’s apple in his throat. He kissed the pulse point of the jugular and sucked, long and hard. He wanted to feel John’s carotid artery in his mouth.
John walked outside to see Harry mounting her bike, and there, parked next to her, was his bike. Blue metal gleaming in the sunlight, waiting, as if it had never been swallowed up at all.
He could see the outline of Harry in her bedroom, chatting on the phone. He could hear the faint strains of the record she was playing. He could see his mother moving about in the kitchen. He could hear the radio going and smell the warm waft of dinner, aromas of onions and savory meat and roast potatoes in the air. Home safe home.
John’s mouth goes tight, but instead he says, “No shoes on the bed,” sternly, and pushes Sherlock’s feet off. “And no smoking in my bedroom.”
this video is so vampire greaserlock mood:
He looked around the corner again - carefully, now; if he looked at the moment Sherlock was coming up the street he was sure to be seen - but a quick glance showed nothing more exciting than 85-year-old Mrs. Fujita, on her morning jog, and a little white cat that trotted across the street.
Honestly. “How many blogs does one man need, anyway?" As if the first one didn’t suck up enough of John’s time and attention as it was.
, John, just
John was deep asleep now, his eyes flickering back and forth beneath his eyelids in what Sherlock recognised as Rapid Eye Movement. He very much wanted to touch them, to feel the shift and movement of eyes underneath skin underneath his fingertips, and with anyone else he would have. For the first time in his life, Sherlock restrained himself. Instead he let John sleep, watching his measured, even breaths, the subtle twitch of lashes against his cheeks. He very lightly touched the soft, unmarred skin that had once been a deep laceration until he’d helped heal it. His fingers gently brushed the one eye that had been inflamed and swollen shut, now smoothed out and even.
“Are you
The afternoon seemed so ordinary now. Boring. He hit the water dejectedly, sending up an unsatisfying, pathetic little plop of droplets.
Victor is very conventionally attractive. It hasn’t escaped John’s notice. Victor is a man worth noticing. You’d have to be blind to ignore that. The baristas flirt with him, bat their lashes, give him extra foam and whipped cream and coffee for free - female and male alike. Sherlock turned most women off as soon as he spoke and insulted them. Victor smiles and doesn’t have that problem.
The first few cabs they saw, Sherlock let pass, as they were possibly connected to an underground drug smuggling ring. John leaned up against him for support, humming the tune that he’d been singing earlier.
were apparently not good enough to keep him from missing these things.
Stained glass windows lined the walls of the church on either side, depicting the 14 Stations of the Cross.  All around him, Christ was betrayed, stripped, tortured, crucified, resurrected.
not fair!” John pouted. “Mum says I’m still growing…!”
“Oh,” Sherlock would say. “Still? Does she make you walk her dog?”
“Faster,” John will always be the first to urge, although Sherlock with his grip already on the throttle has never known what it’s like to take it slow. The world blurs past them in inconsequential streaks. John is a demon for speed. When all of him clutches to Sherlock’s body like this there is nothing that reminds Sherlock more of the fact that today could be the day that they die.
white teeth. Something about his expression made John want to cover his eyes, but he didn’t, because Sherlock was already tugging his wrist away, saying, “John, look at me, I want to see your face,” and he had his cock in his hand and then he was re-entering, no pretense, no warning, shoving inside, making John shout, eyes flying open with the shock. Crying out with panting breath.
not helping!” John said, as he really did not want to envision himself in braids.
"You promised," Sherlock reminds him, placing a kiss against a rib, and then on the soft flesh of his stomach. John nods and Sherlock works his pants off, underwear and all, fancy polished dress shoes on the floor and then John is completely exposed, for the first time in front of him, if not for his socks.
“Hey!” said Carl. “Professor Hudson! Did you hear that?”
Sherlock had grown up with someone else to clean his gutters, to fix the leaks in the roof. He had never had to huddle three to a bed with his mother and sister when the heating sometimes went out in December. He had never learned how to do plumbing and shingles and plaster at the age of 14 because his family couldn’t afford to call someone to do the work, and it was his duty, anyway, as the man of the house.
But John’s smile had faded. He peered down at the bit of liquor still sloshing about in his tumbler. “It’s true, though, you know? There’s… there’s no one else like you.” He paused another moment, then sniffed and drained his glass. He looked up and his smile returned, but weaker, this time. "I've missed you, you know?"
“I’ll be taking care of her,” Sherlock said, with more confidence than he’d had to date.
“Or what?”
Molly finished buttoning her trousers and grabbed her shirt, balling it up in her hands. “I’ll bring back yours later,” she said, distractedly. Her expression was one of shock and… sadness. She looked sad. “Just…” she put her hand on Sherlock’s arm, then stiffened and finished up by patting it. “Just ring me.” She swallowed uncomfortably and nodded once, then turned to walk out of the bedroom.
Moriarty put his hands on either side of his face and shook his head in awe. “Spectacular. Simply amazing.” He flung his arms out from his head and twirled around. “Guards,” he sang, stopping his twirl.
curly-haired—
father’s name is the same as
“The hit men that Moriarty had hired to shoot you, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade if I didn’t jump off that building and commit suicide.”
To catch Sherlock wanking at all would have been a shock. But this, this was unfathomable. Un-processable. What the actual
I wanted to say
“Do you understand what I’m saying?” Sherlock's voice went higher as John approached. “I cannot—“
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “It’s my
Mr. Carruthers’ expression showed that he thought so, too. “The police have been rather incompetent, I’ll agree. I’d be happy to answer any questions you might have; what did you say your name was?”
John didn’t know what he could say to make Sherlock understand but he knew that ignoring him anymore was going to be useless. He turned around and saw Sherlock coming toward him. But to his surprise, Sherlock was not walking along the perimeter as he had done. Instead, he was heading straight across the pond.
you so eloquently insulted yourself.”
The third time John tried to break up with him, it stuck.
“Which part?”
After they’d unloaded their gear and spent some time hiking around the cliffs, Anna, John, and Sherlock had retired to the cabin for a bit of supper. Then they’d all three been in such a giddy mood that after they finished eating, they spent the next few hours playing increasingly crooked games of cards. John and Sherlock began to drink a little brandy and kept on until both sets of their cheeks were pink and the volume of their bickering grew considerably louder. The game culminated in John accusing Sherlock of hiding cards in his sleeve and Sherlock retorting with, “Even if I was, I doubt
“Are you in love with John?”
John’s nose twitched and he sniffed, looking into the bottom of his cup. “Yeah, you know,” he replied, vaguely.
“Fuck.”
“And what do you do for your job, Mr. Holmes?” prompted the teacher.
, every
So, actually, Sherlock had never said if he was or was not gay, was or was not attracted to John—only that he didn’t have space in his life for a relationship. Did that… had that changed? Did he have space, now?
“I haven’t,” John said. I could tell it was taking a great effort for him to stay calm. “I’ve made it better. Think about it, Sherlock. How many more crimes have you solved because of me? Because I was there, for you to talk it through? Because I was there, to write about it and show it to the public? How many people have come to you, how many of them have you helped, because I—”
John's mouth is hanging open as he stares at his friend. "You're serious," he murmurs, blinking uncomprehendingly. "You want to just... just fuck someone just to do it?"
John almost growled with frustration. He didn't want dinner, or to be interrupted one more sodding time while he was alone with Sherlock. He wanted to get going, get this anxiety resolved before he lost his nerve entirely. Lust was slowly taking over him as he stared at those dark curls and he considered maybe he could get through this alright. He just needed to get started. And to stop bloody
John shakes his head. "You don't. Really, you don't, Sherlock. I'm just," he shakes his head incredulously. "I'm married," he murmurs. "I'm married and I didn't know. It's...alarming."
Like Sherlock has no interest in being chatted up by John Watson.
THANK YOU FOR READING! We're having a constant lovefest on my
Sherlock clings desperately to the rugby captain, opening his mouth and inviting that tongue that tastes like peppermint tea and honey in, gasping loudly, forgetting about everything else in the world.
ready."
John blinked. Jesus, this toff was rude. "Good to meet you too, mate," he mumbled, the beast within him deciding this tool wasn't worth his time if he wasn't even going to put in the effort of posturing.
Sherlock squeezes his books to his chest to keep his heart from shattering.
He'd never loathed himself more.
"On it, Cap," Mike nods. "At least now we don't need to worry about Sherlock walking directly into the lion's den though."
"Alright?" John questions with a soft pat to his back.
"Dreadful. Utterly awful, I can hardly drag myself out of bed for it. The teacher is terribly boring."
"Oh," the man flipped his hand. "No, that was obvious."
It's making John's thought go fuzzy.
And just like that, John's words cleared Sherlock's lust hazed brain. Those almost dirty but just sweet and innocent enough words brought him right back to reality, right back to why this was the absolute wrong thing to be doing, right back to why he was all kinds of wrong for John.
"Okay," John said. "I love you."
"You think I'd let you leave before giving you an orgasm?" he purred into his ear as John's forehead fell to his shoulder. "Do you have any idea how long I've waited to see you come, John?"
Weird.
"Oh, yes, this will be perfect. We're going to get that stress out of you and get you back to doing the job I need from you."
And then someone starts to clap.
A small smile formed on the man apparently named Mycroft's mouth. "Good luck, John."
Sherlock really was the only option.
Sherlock Holmes is absolutely
"Maybe so."
Sherlock dropped to the ground onto his stomach as they neared it, reaching under the bench with a gloved hand. "Aha!" he said triumphantly as John heard a rip.
He can't take it anymore.
"Well?" Sherlock requested finally when it became clear this could go on all night if he didn't put a stop to it.
"I'm really happy for you, Sherlock," John says, fidgeting slightly, staring at his feet. "I really am. And I know now since you've got everything you wanted, you may…well I dunno if you wanted this - us - just to be a summer thing but I really care about you. And I'd-"
Fascinating.
The bartender laughed again. "Oh, just you wait. Enjoy!" He sashayed off toward the other end of the bar, assisting the rest of the men sitting there.
"A... Someone in your network?" John was suddenly moving toward him, eyes wide.
Although, his boyfriend certainly never seemed to complain.
"What? No. Come on, Mike," John said in another non-convincing voice.
do you think it is that you were doing with Irene last night?"
William nodded in agreement. "Yes, be nice to your brother in front of his guest."
"Well Sherlock said that Paul, you live with him?"
"You out of the doghouse yet, mate?" John asks, assisting Greg with lifting the bar from the rack lightly with just his fingertips.
It's still so stunning and a little jarring the way his entire
John just wanted to know. He just wanted to know if Sherlock was at all interested in him. If the blushing and the small smiles were all a sign of some sort. If they were Sherlock's subtle hints for John to make a move, or if they were just bodily reactions to a compliment. Just blushing from embarrassment. Just smiling from the flattery. Just the tolerance of John's flirting. Sherlock could like John without
It's like the minute he walked out of their room this morning, the slate was cleaned and everything that had transpired between them no longer exists.
He's taken several steps forward without even noticing before he has to stop himself and look away.
John froze in mid-lean as he found himself captivated by this little tale the man in front of him had just spun. He rocked back on his heels and stared as the mysterious man glanced over his head, seeming to have lost interest in the conversation. John couldn't let this be over. He couldn't let him lose his focus on him.
," he breathes in a rush, pressing a palm to his racing heart and exhaling his fright and, honestly, his
John is a fucking
"He has a whole team to celebrate with."
"Yes, well you're an idiot," Sherlock mumbles, ignoring the blood rushing into his cheeks at the sight and continuing to find things to do to make John more comfortable.
"Molly Hooper?" John growls low and dangerous. "Molly bloody Hooper?"
John knows this is stupid.
, I don't need-"
Maybe a little less absurd and more just incredibly pathetic.
It wasn't that he was nervous to say these things; it was that he didn't mean them. He didn't want to just be friends.
Closing his eyes, Sherlock turns toward his friend. He hates so much that he saw that coming from a mile away.
sorry. I'm sorry that I can't be stronger for you but to see you every day… I just can't."
Cackling, Irene tugs on his sleeve to bring him back down. "I'm kidding," she grins, laughter dying in her throat as Sherlock slumps back down beside her. "I'm kidding, Sherlock, really. You don't… you don't have to do that. Not if you don't want to."
"I'm really glad you're here."
John bit back tears. "You have no idea how happy I am to see you," he murmured, wanting nothing more then to burry his face in Sherlock's neck.
He glanced around to emphasize the point, every sarcastic word tasting bitter on his tongue. He hated the way John's mouth dropped open. He hated his own words. He hated himself.
one. And he had no intentions of letting him go. Not rugby, not university, not distance could keep them apart. And when the scouts showed up, eyeing John's sturdy form and fast feet and reliable hands, Sherlock hadn't batted an eye.
"Jesus-Sherlock?" John blinked several times, unsure if he was actually seeing him or dreaming as he tried unsuccessfully to detangle himself from the sheets. He shook his head, another mistake, and groaned, placing his hand on his head. "What is going on?"
Something completely out of place on that face he thought he knew. Something Sherlock has not noticed until this very minute and somehow it no longer matters what Mycroft said or what Irene said or what John said, because Sherlock can see it now clear as day. Sherlock can see it all.
John ran a hand up Sherlock's side and felt the smallest hint of raised flesh. He ran a finger up the line of the scarred tissue, and his breath hitched slightly as he realized he knew what it was from.
Scrubbing both hands through his curls and huffing down to the keyboard, Sherlock carefully picks through his brain to sort out how to word what he wants to ensure useful information will pop up instead of what appears to be something equal to internet trolling, deleting the words in the search bar yet again and trying for something more generic.
Clothes are being pulled at, all but tearing in two as each boy grapples for the upper hand, pushing and yanking and tugging to their mutual goal of bringing their nude bodies together.
what a fucking
"And you always do what you're told?"
"You are
John Watson is
"You're so tired of being a good little boy, aren't you, Sherlock?" John murmurs lewdly. "You're sick of being put together all the time. Being prim and proper. You want to be a little bad, don't you?"
"I don't either," Sherlock murmurs. He ventures to his chair and lowers himself carefully feeling a bit stunned. "I don't mean to make you uncomfortable."
"I- I'm sorry, Sherlock," John mumbles to the wooden floorboards. "I didn't… I shouldn't have done what I did the other night. I… I dunno what I was thinking. 'M sorry."
A soft hum escapes John's lips and then the boy is bringing his free hand up to take the items of Sherlock, condom and a small packet of lubricant. He sits back on his knees, both hands leaving Sherlock's body to work open the packets, first the condom – Sherlock watches as he rolls it onto his cock, biting his lip at the sight of John practically touching himself - then the lube, tearing it open and squeezing some first onto his palm and then his cock, stroking up and down to smear it around.
If Sherlock had his way, it would be to hell with fucking
"That was hardly
His father, ever the worrier, is concerned about Sherlock getting heartbroken.
He wants to feel what it's like when John gets him off.
Or the closest he'd ever get to it.
"Would you
"I'm sorry John, this is all just really confusing," Mike had said finally, scrubbing a hand down his face. "I feel like a right git even considering it."
Sherlock is positively drunk on this feeling.
He'll get to ride in John's car with him.
"Umm..." God it was hard to think when looking at that beautiful face. "It was... Bill...and Jamie... And Andrew... And Frank... And John...And-wait." John burst into more giggles. "Me. John is me. I'm John!"
He leaves out the part about John calling him brilliant and extraordinary in the cab ride to their first case together.
"I did not!" John said, horrified.
Sherlock stayed silent. Never would he promise that.
At first glance, the curly-haired boy comes off rather rude. He's a bit snippy and short, especially when things don't interest him. He's chatty and excitable, seemingly only willing to talk about his experiences and thoughts, hardly interested in speaking about family or relationships of any kind. Sherlock is not friendly or open, he has zero interest in spending time with John outside of the four walls of their dorm room, particularly against spending a single bleeding moment with anyone on John's rugby team. He's shy while simultaneously abrasive, nervous while also rude, curious but equally a know-it-all.
Because Sherlock was absolutely certain that John had absolutely no idea who Sherlock even was.
He was ready.
"Wow," John mumbles sarcastically, sliding his thumb across the screen of his phone and doing his best not to laugh at his ridiculous roommate. He scans the texts quickly, finding he's missed several messages on a group text:
Sherlock is terrified to move a muscle. He doesn't even dare to blink. He doesn't dare to breathe. He watches, eyes wide and round, as John turns back to him.
because the need he feels to be physical with John is practically tearing him in two and the wait is only making it more difficult to not only rip that godforsaken pillow out from where it has been wedged between their hips more often than not lately, but it's also made it almost impossible to keep his hands out of John's clothing. The temptation to sneak wandering fingers beneath t-shirts and pants is getting to be too much.
Which promptly rights Sherlock's almost-euphoric mind back into its usual foul mood as he realizes how stupid he's being. He rolls his eyes internally and sets about pulling on his armor, nasty words on the tip of his tongue to put this bloke in his rightful place. Sherlock has no time for niceties. No time for games. No time for hope.
"Wake up, Sherlock."
"Oh no, that I learned the hard way," John chuckled, pulling his heated body up and off of Sherlock and hopping off the bed. "I lost some lovely chest hairs last week because you refused to get us a warm flannel."
"They're nicer than anything
And now, it was time to right that wrong. Sherlock crept quietly to his room and peeked through the crack in the door. He watched as John's chest rose and fell, deep sleep claiming him, and Sherlock resisted the urge to crawl into bed and hold him, but vowed silently that in the morning, if John agreed to it, he would do just that and never ever let him go again.
"This is stupid," Sherlock grumbles, wiggling down further under the covers and subsequently further beneath John, severe sulk prepped and ready to sink all the way in as the door continues to rattle with random fist poundings and hard smacks of palms.
Sherlock Holmes, editor of the school newspaper and absurdly good-looking human being, snapped his head up. "Oh!" Sherlock exclaimed seeming startled, eyes widening slightly at John standing in his doorway. He shook his head slightly. "Right, of course." He nodded his head toward the pile of papers at the corner of his desk. "Um, just there will do."
Bugger.
Sherlock's teeth closed around his earlobe and John was unable to stifle a whimper.
With a throat clear, John shrugs on his jacket. "Well, I'm off," he mumbles.
Sherlock laughed, too. Suddenly, it didn't feel like he was being suffocated. The thought of John joining in on the cases felt exciting. Fun, even. Someone to share this with. Someone who understood. Who cared about it like Sherlock did. He bent over and kissed John's soft lips. "It's a deal," he murmured.
