“Ah.” He sucks his lips in to stop himself from smiling and looks up at me through his eyelashes. I smile down at him and we stand there for a moment just looking at each other.
"Ah Dean, I was beginning to think you were ignoring my call." Crowley says, his voice dripping with menace.
"You're holding her all wrong then." She tells me and I huff as I hear Sam cackle behind me. She walks a bit in and closes the door behind her before holding her baby closer to her body. "I'm guessing you want me to feed her?"
I am such an idiot. Castiel is going to kill me. I just told his wife that he said he as in love with me and now he is going to try and hunt me down and torture me- and not even the good kind of torture! I groaned loudly before sitting down on my bed and putting my face in my hands.
"We will bury her." He says, his voice catching slightly as he tries to gulp the lump in his throat down. I nod my head reluctantly and grab two branches, turning them into wooden spades.
“I will tell you more of your mother at a later date but for now, I’m just so happy that you are both home and safe. You boys get to bed; we have a coronation to plan.”
“Get off me!” I screamed and shouted at the demon, kicking my legs up and swishing my wings. He dragged me down into the cellar along with my brother, Gabriel and a few other women angels whom I didn’t catch the name of. We were held down by our wings as a nutcase of a demon attached a cold hard metal collar onto our necks. This was it, the end. I was now trapped, but at least I was not alone. I had Gabriel and probably other angels that had already been caught whom I recognised. The demon did some sort of spell and I could feel the clasp begin to work. My wings were being inverted into my back and chained there and I could feel my powers begin to drain out of me. I was turning into just a regular human being.
She was beautiful, kind and powerful. I thought of all the reasons why I married her in the first place but now just couldn’t add up these feelings to love. I respected her, I loved her but…
“I’m not going to give up on us you know. If there is only a slight chance that you may fall back in love with me then I’m going to take that chance because I will not throw our marriage away on a mistake or a misinterpretation of feelings.” I turn back around to him again and he is looking at me with those big blue eyes of his that made me fall in love with him the first time around. His tears are making them sparkle slightly and it takes all my effort to look away from them. “I don’t know how I’m going to do it but I at least have to try.”
"Maybe so Sire, but she could still be alive." He tells me hopefully as i breathe deeply and shake my head.
“YOU KILLED MY WIFE, you killed her after she had given birth to my daughter and then you took my baby and you raised her to be a God forsaken demon! How could you do that to me? You ruined my life!” Dean’s eyes softened slightly in sudden realisation of what was going on.
Gabriel thought that me seeing Dean all those years ago would help me but as a matter of fact they only made things worse. Seeing him and then losing him again just made me realise that i had nothing left in this god forsaken world. I could fly but I didn't feel like it so instead I march out if my study and towards the stables where I ready my horse. Gabriel ran up to me but I ignored him, I've been ignoring him a lot more lately - not wanting to speak about the past as I wallow in self-pity towards the future. I saddle my horse and hop on without a word to Gabriel or anybody else and start riding towards the border where I knew I would find some demons and be able to revert my anger unto them.
“Bad luck? We don’t need luck when I have the most gorgeous fiancé in the world.” I grin at her and she laughs loudly before rolling her eyes back at me.
"Okay." I mumble before swooping up and out if the castle without another word, not even bothering to get anybody to come with me. There was no war now, what was the point in bringing guards when we were at peace with one another... For now.
Ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew. A shiver runs down my spine as i walk out of the house, shaking my head. I really did not need to see that today. That was disgusting.
We follow him into the house carefully and watch him as he sits down at the wooden dining table, the insides of the house look fantastic and as soon as we waked in, hear flooded through out bodies. It was amazing and I couldn't help but smile at Dean because of our lovely new home. We stay standing in the doorway as God looks down into the flames of the burning grate.
“We are ready for this war Castiel.” I stand up angrily and walk towards him, standing right in front of him and sneer.
"Oh King Castiel, how wise you are. Oh King Castiel, how amazing you are." I mock myself. "Oh King Castiel, how stupid you are!"
I'm lying in bed completely naked with my arms resting on the headrest behind me, shaking my head and laughing at Castiel who was rummaging through my wardrobe.
“Dean, stop it!” Papa said loudly, walking over to me and hugging me. “You’re getting angry for no reason.”
"But Luce, they my fathers. I would want them to come to my wedding!" She cries and i sigh and rub my forehead.
"Sam, of you start killing demons, they will see and start to believe that you have swapped sides. Then I will be expected to kill you on the spot and I'm not going to do that so then I will have to die as well. You keep away from Gabriel and stop getting yourself into trouble." I say sternly and his shoulder fall forwards in defeat as he nods his head.
“Why don’t you choose a slave to go play with?” My father muttered as he sorted through his documents. I was in the middle of complaining to him about having no friends in the castle and how I wanted to go outside and explore but he told me that it was too dangerous outside, what with the war going on and all.
“Oh yes, there’s a ghost now…” I turn around quickly to see what is behind me and Gabe is now stood in front of me again. I look at him in confusion and turn slowly back around to see an apparition of him slowly disappearing.
“Your Majesty.” A guard says and I look up at him. “His Majesty, King Crowley of the demons wishes to take company with you.” The guard grimaces and I sigh loudly before nodding at him and waving him to bring him in. The guard exists and a few seconds later he comes in with a pudgy looking man wearing a long black cloak, black expensive tunic and black leggings. Rings adorned his fingers and gold chains were placed around his neck. He carried himself well and he stopped right in front of me and bowed low out of respect.
"Is it too late to take you up on that offer of running away?" I ask him in a small voice and the smile drops from his face and his shoulder slump forwards.
"Let me get you open." He growled into my ear and i gasped, my chest heaving upwards. He repositioned himself in between my legs and spread them open slowly and lifted them up so my knees were facing the ceiling. I bit my lip in anticipation, so hard that it nearly drew blood as he licked his fingers slowly, covering them in saliva before pressing them against my enterance and teasing my puckered hole with his fingers.
I had bathed and i had shaved and right now i was pacing my study, almost pulling my hair out in frustration of waiting for my stupid brother to return with my stupid not-so-much lover. I heard footsteps slowly tap tap tap up the stairs and my breathing hitched as i tried to be somewhat cool about the whole situation, leaning against the doorframe and looking at my study door that was so closed to opening. I bit my lip seductively but i decided against that as i probably looked like a tool. The door was opening slolwy and i honestly didn't know what to do with myself. Oh my God, i was so nervous.
“What, and risk them getting caught then becoming slaves? I don’t think so.” I snort and shake my head before returning serious once again. “I suspect that this will be the last time we ever see each other.”
“Are they for me?” I ask happily, looking at the flowers and then back up to dada. He hesitated slightly and looked at papa who only nodded his head. Dada looked back down at me and plucked a single flower from the bunch and gave it to me.
"Tell me who you are Luce. Tell me you are not the one my fathers warned me about." My eyes turn sad and my sneers changes into a small frown as i look away from her.
“Wait.” He whispers out, his voice choking slightly. I don’t say anything but just look at him frightened, wondering what he would do to a demon that had wings. “Y-you have black wings.”
"A demon lives in the manor, he's lord over this village and probably a few more near here." I tell him quickly and he stands up and nods.
"I'm sorry your highness but we need to get you to a safe place. There has been a break in. The angels have come to claim back their king once they found out that we have locked him up." The guard said and my eyes shoot open. I jump out of bed and quickly slip on my robe. I don't even bother to get change or even wait for the guard as I run down the hallways and towards the dungeons where I hoped Cas would still be. I pushed passed the guards who warned me not to go down there and looked upon the darkness of the broken and smashed up cells. Angels were all standing, facing the guards and demon soldiers but the one that stood out the most was my angel. He was still wearing his slave garments but the seal around his neck was broken and lay like scrunched up parchment upon the floor. His wings were fully spread out and I gaped in awe at the sight of them. They were as black as winter's night but looked soft to touch, they were big and glowing slightly with his grace and power. He was holding a demon sword that he must have grabbed of one of the guards high above his head and was shouting some incantation at them in Enochian which flowed gracefully from his lips. I pushed through the guards and just as he was about to swing the sword down on one of them I stood in front of him, holding my arms up to try and stop the blow.
"Best leave her alone when she's like this, otherwise you will just make things worse." I tell him. "Trust me, i've learned from experience." Castiel sighed and sat down, resting his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands while looking at his daughter. I sit down next to him and watch her splash stones moodily.
“This is going to hurt Cas.” He says to me as I stand there in front of him. I nod silently and shut my eyes, waiting for the red hot burning sensation of his brand. He places his hand on my chest and I inhale deeply, waiting for the pain to come. I can feel it tingling and suddenly I smell smoke and burning flesh. My own flesh felt like it was on fire and through my tightly shut eyes, a flash of light broke through my eyelids and the pain was unreal. I cried out, loudly and almost collapsed there and then but Dean held me up. Suddenly it was all over but the pain of the brand was still searing through my body. Dean took his hand away and I fell forwards, feeling weak and hurt. Dean caught me and held me in a tight hug before picking me up and carrying me back towards the bed where we had both woken up this morning. I’m groaning in pain but my eyes flutter open, tears springing to him as I try and gasp for air.
"Who is your father?" I ask her but before she can answer someone calls her name in the distance. She looks behind her and sighs before looking back at me.
"My thanks. I must say it's strange to hear you speak to eloquently, and dressed as much also. His eyes travelled down my body before slowly coming back up to my face. I lean back on my desk and take a sip of my drink coolly, raising an eyebrow at him.
Dean remembered him so clearly in his mind, his dark chocolate, almost black hair. His beautiful cyan eyes, his puffy red lips and his rugged, angular facial features. He remembered his sex hair in the mornings and the way he used to be so moody. He remembered he used to have those days where he never wanted to get out of bed, either wanting to keep sleeping or… do other things. He remembered how adorably angry he would get when Dean laughed while in the midst of an argument and him crossing his arms and pouting when Dean just hugged him while he was trying to scream and shout with him
"Oh it is. I get to talk to the animals and the trees. I've seen all manners of creatures and the sights when i climb mountains are wonderful. Everyday is an adventure." I sigh in longing and sit down on the grass a few feet in front of him.
"Dada says yes." I say happily, bouncing on the balls of my feet happily. She nods and grabs the basket she has prepared before beckoning me forwards and putting my warm red cloak on which had a lovely furry white hood. It was my favourite coat.
"Come on." I pulled at him and led him slowly towards the bed, walking backwards so I didn't break eye contact with him. He was blushing furiously and it almost made me laugh at how pathetic demons were. We entered his bed chambers and I picked him up, wrapping his legs around my waist before leaning my head upwards and placing my lips on his. My whole body felt like it was on fire with that one single kiss and that is how I got addicted to him, going into a sort of frenzy. This kiss was only meant to be a small one so it lingered on his mouth but I lost control and chucked him into his bed before climbing in top of him and attaching my lips to his once again. He gasped and groaned at the sudden movements but I just couldn't stop myself. I ran a tongue along his bottom lip before forcing them open with my tongue. He finally granted me entrance and my tongue explored his mouth like there was no tomorrow, more sparks and fire spreading through me due to the taste of him and the feel of his tongue wrapping around mine. I finally sat up on him, straddling his hips and looked down on him. His lips were red and puffy, his eyes wide in shock, his cheeks blushed and his hair a mess from when I ran my fingers through them. He looked so beautiful underneath me and that was something I never thought I'd say about a demon.
"Are you sure? You don't look it... what is that water on your face?" He asks, pointing towards my tear-streaked face.
“It’s bad luck to talk about the dress.” She giggles and I roll my eyes and give her a pointed look.
"Frightened? I'm not frightened Castiel, i'm wary. And know him like you know him? Isn't he the one that made you .... be his slave." She spat, glaring at Dean who was whistling and looking around the room awkwardly at the whole situation. I kept hold of a laugh that wanted to get out at how he was acting and looked back down at my small wife.
“Don’t say promises you can’t keep Dean. I know where that ends.” He sighs and looks down at the floor, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly.
“You crazy little girl!” I say, standing up and picking up as I did so, swinging her around so she screamed and laughed. I smiled like crazy at her laugh and pecked her nose. “Time for bed.”
"Hello Castiel." She says, her voice was sweet and beautiful, just like I had !remembered it. I walked over to her and hugged her tightly, taking her into my arms as I had once done so many moons ago.
"Get on your hands and knees." He growls, grinning wolfishly and i gulp before obliging his request, turning my back on his and spreading my legs, exposing myself to him. I felt so out of control like this and it was exciting but dangerous at the same time because i didn't know what he was going to do. He may have turned good side but that didn't stop the demon streak running through my even-though-we-are-not-married husband. Suddenly i feel lips pressed into my hole and i feel a tounge teasing it, flicking this way at that. I groan deep in my throat and drop my head down into the mattress, clutching onto the bedsheets tightly. Suddenly the mouth was gone and something else pressed against me. I rocked back against him making him moan but tap my ass lightly, telling me not to move.
"Shit Dean! I-i'm gonna-" I shout out while he starts hitting my próstate over and over again róughly and hárshly, his hips buckíng out of rhythm as he himself is close. I couldn't even finish my sentence as i felt his warm substánce spray into me as i clénch my hóle around him. I móan out loudly and with a few final púmps of his hand, i came onto the bedsheets in one go. He still rócked into my a few more times as we both came down off out órgasms but suddenly;
“Your majesty, I didn’t realise you would be coming down here today!” The king ignored her and looked towards us.
"Do you need to shout? What time is it? Ergh, leave me alone." I grumble but he barges into the room and pulls me up.
“Please can I go to the woods?” I give him my best puppy dog look, the one that Uncle Sammy had taught me and he laughs and scratches his eyebrow thoughtfully.
The both rubbed their thighs against each other’s groins but Castiel stopped Dean from doing so, pushing him against the wall of the cubicle and began undoing his belt as quickly as possible and unbuttoning the buttons on his trousers. Castiel stopped the heated kiss, resting his forehead on Deans before slowly crouching down in front of him and pulling his pants down along with him.
"I have to go. Is that everything 'Your Highness'" I bow ironically and he smiles and nods. With that I turn out to leave the room but before I manage to get out of earshot I hear him call to me;
“Yes alright. The jester will be appointed to the court for entertainment. The others will work by day and be in my bed chambers by night.”
“But that means that angels could pretend to be demons….” He wonders out loud before looking at me expressionless face. “Couldn’t they?”
“What can I do for you, your majesty?” Castiel’s voice drips with sarcasm as a glint of playfulness rests in his eyes. I smile and chuckle slightly at him before shaking my head.
"Next time you will address me as 'Your Majesty' and you will bow to me whenever you see me. Do you understand?"
"Ergh fine, you take her and I'll find a crib for her to sleep him. Stay with her while I'm in the meeting as well."
He started rocking his hips, backwards and forwards slowly but i begin moving my own him, rocking backwards onto him and he móans loudly so quickens his pace. He reached a hand around my waist and wrapped his hand around my penís and squezed it lightly before pumpíng up and down.
"Because your name is already short!" With that he jumps of my bed and out of the room quickly. But before he does he quickly shouts back; "Remember your ball is today!"
"You better go see who it is." She says, smirking slightly and I groan. "Stop moaning Castiel, and do your job."
"Your the only angel I have actually spoken to really and- well you're already a sex slave so I thought you'd already be used to it rather then putting any other angel through it." Was he actually trying to be nice right now? I scoffed and rolled my eyes at him and he blushed brightly. Like, actually blushed.
"Gabriel!" I exclaim in shock and he starts laughing loudly. I shake my head at him before looking back out onto the party. "How has it been?"
"I think my parents will be a bit suspicious if suddenly i don't make a snark comment at the dinner table about them both. Best just to live with the imagine of all eternity." I do reach out a hand and take his in mine anyway on a brave move. This was the first time we ever touched and his eyes went wide for a moment.
"You have no idea. That won't work Sammy, angels and demons hate each other with true passion and nothing, not even marriage will break that. This war has been going on since the earth was created and it won't stop, not now and not ever."
“I’m sorry kid. Demons and angels just aren’t friends.” He pats me on the back, gives me a small sad little smile and then walks away from me, leaving me feeling crappier about everything then I did do earlier this morning. But I wasn’t going to give up on making him my friend. It may be law that angels and demons shouldn’t fraternise like that but I wasn’t going to let my father’s silly laws stop me. Besides, he said so him that I should make friends with an angel and that is exactly what I was going to make Gabriel do. Make him become friends with me.
"I think you need angels more then you say you do. Take my older brother for example... Castiel." I gulp and my eyes flicker slightly as he grins at me coolly, leaning on the door which entered into my fathers private quarters.
"Oh shush you!" I say, stepping towards her and tickling her so she fell back onto the bed, laughing madly. I stopped suddenly; hovering over her with an arm placed either side of her head to hold me up above her. She stopped laughing and looked up at me seriously, neither of us moving but just looking into each other eyes.
"Your papa has been teaching you way over your standard level. Valentina, you're eight years old, not eighteen. Give it a few more years and we will give you a bit more freedom but for right now it is too dangerous to be out there on your own. You don't know what could be lurking in those woods." He says and i bow my head and nod out the ground sadly before walking into the house. Before i walk upstairs to my room however i look back at dada who is looking out at the woods with a strange look in his eyes. A look i have never seen him have before and the look chilled me right down to my bones.
"I think that its only because they are so different though. One is an angel and one's a demon, it must be tough living so closely together when you're two completely seperate beings but when they kiss, it's like all that doesn't matter anymore. That's why i want us to try it." I breath in deeply and nod my head.
“VALENTINA!” He cried of happiness but she didn’t even glance at him, as if she could not see nor hear him at all. She just skipped around the flower beds and picked the flowers before putting them in her basket while humming the nursery rhyme that he used to sing to her when she was just a babe.
“I suppose. Don’t know of any that would risk too try it though.” I say bluntly and he frowns before turning away from me and going to sit down. He rubs his eyes tiredly and leans back in his chair, throwing his head back and closing his eyes.
"You mean Anael?" A girl with long brown curly hair asked and is shrugged and nodded politely. "She's in the gardens."
“She has black wings and her so called father gave her this necklace-“ he pointed to the necklace which was now reattatched to my neck, “-saying that it was her mothers, Michael.” He looks at them and nods as if to say something and they straighten up and nod back.
"Much obliged." With that I bowed lowly to the women and made my way out towards the gardens where Anael and some of her friends were sat outside watching a golden haired angel do tricks and make jokes.
“Because no one knows about her! They all thought she was a demon because she could change her appearance and appear as a demon. Okay?” He sighs and goes to sit down on one of the chairs around the table. He looks old and tired, a way that I had never seen him before in my life. “I didn’t even know she was an angel until it was too late, I had already fallen for her but the surprise was that she had fallen for me also.”
"What's your name, little red?" He asks, his voice almost echoing around the trees and i blinked a few times before answering.
“If you take her away from me I will kill you I swear!” I shout at her and she starts hitting my chest.
"Some high classed demon prince that steals land and angels off God's holy earth? Yes I know exactly who you are." He then grinned, a huge demonic grin that sent chills down me. His eyes turned black, leaving no glimmer of the bright green that was in them before.
"So I've heard." He clicks his fingers for one of the angels to come to him and murmurs something into her ear. She walks off and a couple of minutes later she walks back in with another angel at her side. "Tell her about your meeting with the demon prince Adam."
"I told you that you would pay King Johnathan and now you will. Why don't you tell your boys who their mother really was? To think I found out by just observing them both, it was very clear to see where their hearts truly lie." His words didn't make sense to me so I looked at my father and saw fear and shame written plainly across his face. With a cruel laugh, Castiel jumped off the ledge and with my heart in my mouth he swooped up just before he hit the floor and went smashing dramatically out of the window, making the glass fall towards the ground.
There’s an annoyed huff from the other side of the door. “I thought as much when I saw all the clothes dripping out here. Gonna leave one of my late husband’s nightshirts in front of the door, put it on and come eat.”
“And many people believe you and Sam to be criminals due to things you’ve done in the name of hunting.”
The routine established on Castiel’s first full day in Lawrence repeats itself over and over, until nine days have passed. Castiel is slowly running out of money as he continues to rent Angel every day, he’s running out of people to ask about the Winchesters, and he’s running out of patience.
There’s a massive, hand-drawn map on one wall, it’s of Kansas, and a bit of the surrounding territories. It’s covered in pins and labels. Vengeful Spirit, Lawrence. Siren, Carbondale. Djinn, Leavenworth. Possible Wendigo, Holbrook. Vampire, Dodge City. Vampire
“Novak—” Dean sputters as he jumps to his feet. “Wolves ain’t supposed to leave a spirit behind, I know that. How can—”
“Like Jimmy. He really was an honorable man, Cas. Not everybody would come seek us out to die, not when they had a choice. But he chose death over letting the monster inside him live.”
Castiel never thought of it like that. He can’t help but think he’s a bit old to be an apprentice, but one must start at the bottom.
Sometimes, when they’re alone and back in the cellar, they explore each other with fingers and oil, sometimes they engage in some fairly aggressive and very illegal activities. On the road, though, it’s easier to find their pleasure this way.
Castiel sits up. “Dean, I am of course grateful to both you and your brother for saving my life, I don’t even know how to put that into words. I was foolish, and the only reason I didn’t die is because you—”
“No, not you. Just me.” He starts muttering under his breath, and soon a misty apparition is appearing before Castiel. A vampire. It seems to be frozen.
“I wanted to make sure you understood that hunting isn’t just death and killing and isolation. We’re a community, a family. We look after each other.”
His side. How silly. The whole bedroom is his now. Still, most of Jimmy’s things are where he left them. Bed made, clothes and books all in their place, half empty glass of water on the thick tree trunk he used as an end table.
Dean seems determined to teach Castiel every bit of knowledge he can, from the best accelerant to use when burning bodies, to how to evade the lawmen that don’t take kindly to things like grave desecration and chopping the heads off seemingly human people.
Having a horse makes canvassing the town for information faster, but unfortunately all that means is Castiel gets to be told “Sorry, can’t help you” by a larger number of people than he would’ve on foot. Frustrating. Castiel believes the lead he got in Leavenworth was real, that the Winchesters were indeed headed this way, but maybe his information was bad. Or maybe, once again, they’ve already left.
The woman’s face shifts from grief to fear. “That’s what they’re saying, but if you want my opinion… the thing out there has smarts, more than some rabid animal. It started picking off farmers on the edges of town, now they’ve moved on to night workers in the town itself, like my husband. God rest his soul.”
. Castiel finds himself starting to lean forward before he realizes what he’s doing and stumbles back. He’s not about to lose the only friend he has because of his proclivities.
They reach their destination after the sun has set, and Castiel is dismayed to see that their destination is a cemetary. Grave robbing it is. Perhaps that’s how they finance their travels.
“Whatever you say, man,” Dean says. He shifts until his knee is pinning Castiel’s right arm, and he picks up Castiel’s left, holding the blade against his skin. He frowns, and Castiel winces as he makes a small cut. “Ain’t a ghoul, wraith, shifter…”
Sam makes a beeline for where Dean and Castiel are sitting, and after hugging Dean in greeting he immediately starts quizzing Castiel on what he’s learned, tutting over gaps in his knowledge and chiding Dean for things he failed to teach Castiel. He reminds Castiel a little of Jimmy back when they were still in school.
"In Topeka. There were about twenty of them according to Azazel so we are going to take a hundred of our men to track them down and capture them."
“That’s okay, I would like to be alone for a while.” I started riding off out of the castle gates all the while thinking thoughts of Castiel and how I probably would never see him again. My heart ached as I rode but I hoped all the same that he would be happy with his wife and child. If Castiel and himself ever did meet again it would probably be a fight-to-the-death situation and this made me feel down in the weather. I rode across the grassy hilltops and down a long river where the water was glistening in the morning sun. I stopped at the river for a while and breathed in the morning crisp air, looking around me at the beauty. I had learned to take in the beauty of the land, well Castiel had taught me how to do it when we sat at my window and looked out at the kingdom either at the sunrise or the sunset. I smiled at the memories of me and him together but quickly became serious when I heard a very particular noise. It was quite faint so I shrugged it off and went back to looking at the sun. However the sound came again and it was a bit clearer this time, it sounded a bit like a baby’s cry. My eyebrows burrowed slightly as I looked around me, wondering where on this earth could the sound be coming from. I looked around and carried on down the river a bit until I came to a handmade basket where the sounds were coming from.
“Do you really need me to sing you that lullaby again?” I ask her and she nods her head, smiling brightly. “Oh fine!”
He pulled Castiel’s head back to his crotch and he almost swore he could see a faint smirk playing on his lips before they opened wide and wrapped around Dean’s end. He leaned down and dragged the tip of his tongue up the underside of Dean’s length, reaching the tip and wrapping his mouth around his again before sucking deeply. Dean’s moans could be heard probably from way outside the cubicle as they were loud and desperate, thick and open-mouthed. Dean arched his back away from the side of the cubicle and put one of his legs onto Castiel’s shoulder, one of his hands reaching upwards to grab the back of his own head.
“For being the only person to ever speak to me like I’m normal. For being the only person to be able to put me in my place and for people the only angel who has the balls to speak the truth.” I smash my lips on his again and start pushing him into my bedroom. I hoisted him up onto my waist before placing him down on my bed gently, climbing on top of him. Our lips didn’t part one as I started to take of my tunic and leggings but I completely forgot about the crown on my head that I had placed on earlier. It fell on Castiel and he jumped as the cold metal hit his head. We parted lips and he picked up the crown and grinned up at me. He sat up and placed the crown on his head before looking at me.
“You knew that Dean was the next in line for the throne, you knew he was a threat. What stopped you from killing him?” I shrug. “ANSWER ME!”
However every 18 years for the past thousands of years gone by, Dean sees a little black haired, blue eyed girl in a red cloak somewhere around the city and his heart breaks all over again down to Lucifer’s curse he set upon the two beings. It takes Dean many months to get back on track again and to become happy with a little help from his moose brother but he knew that every 18 years, this will all happen all over again.
“You think I don’t know where you have been Castiel?” She snarls at me and I just keep looking at her without a care at all. “You think I don’t know who you have been with? I know exactly where you have been! How could you do this to me Castiel? How could you go and see that monster when I was trying to make you fall for me again? You know what you are? You’re his little bitch!” She screams at me and I grit my teeth angrily.
“Don’t tell me what to do Castiel; I’m completely capable of walking up a few stairs.” I say breathlessly but was thankful that I now got too sit down. I took of my shoes and put my feet up on his desk, rubbing my swollen feet and wincing at my blisters. I looked over at him and I could tell that he was about to move to massage them but he stayed still instead, obviously knowing that that probably wasn’t the best idea in the current situation. He stood there awkwardly, waiting for me to speak as I just stared up at him from where I sat. I could almost feel my heart breaking again but I had to confront him.
Great, I had to choose an angel to be my sex slave which is literally the last thing I ever wanted to do. Why would I want to be tainted by an angel when I could just sleep with any demon at court. But like always, father and king knows best. The question was... Who do I choose?
"Yeah you did." He grunted out, biting his bottom lip after as I moved my fingers slightly. "But it's a good hurt."
"I had and still have every right to look." He starts lifting my leather fabric up at bit at the back, making sure to rub his hand on my ass but I turn around suddenly and back away from him, giving him a huge glare that clashed with his evil grin.
With that I turn, my cloak swishing wildly behind me and I jump on my beautiful black beauty, Impala that I had rode here on and kicked her sides to make her start walking.
"Get out Azazel, give the woman some privacy." I say to him, dragging him out with me as Amelia starts to get her breast out once again. I stand in the hallway with Azazel and am prepared for any questions he may ask.
"Johnathan, we have more important issues to deal with right now then a single angel. I don't care if he killed your wife or not, too me he is unimportant." Crowley snapped angrily at my father and he flinched backwards slightly.
"Remember who you are peasant. Should you speak to me in that manner again I'll have you locked away with only the rats to keep you company." I didn't reply back but instead just carried on storming out of the quarters. I let out a frustrated sigh when I finally got out and carried on down the hall towards the king's quarters. Today was just one thing after another.
“Castiel.” I say to her and her smile drops. I look at her confused as he lips part slightly in shock.
I couldn't stop the different thoughts running through my head. Part of me wanted to kill Castiel for falling to sleep in my room last night and yet part of me also wanted to wrap my arms around him and bury my head in his chest. I didn't know what to think or feel and I suppose that he probably thought I was being cold this morning because I had completely ignored him. I didn't exactly mean to it was just the fact that I couldn't find the right words for what I wanted to say. I didn't even know what I wanted to say. Before anything else I took a couple of hours to myself, just walking around the grounds and thinking about anything and everything before I walked into the kings quarters to find Samuel sat with the court jester whom I had met a few days ago.
"You realise that we're going into a battle where the opposition is Castiel and Gabriel don't you?" He asks me, looking around to check if anyone was listening.
I get out of the angel kingdom quickly and efficiently but before riding off completely I look back at the looming castle, a single tear slipping out of my eye.
"Eh? Oh erm, Leliel this is Dean Winchester." She turns around quickly and backs away from Dean, eyes wide in horror. "It's okay Leliel."
“No baby, it’s Dean! Not Dada!” I tell her but she just carried on saying ‘dada’ whatever that meant.
"Dean wake up! Wake up!" My little brother was jumping on my bed trying to wake me up from a hard night of boring meetings and studying that my father made me do. I groaned and sat up in my queen sized bed, rubbing my eyes tiredly.
"No. No. Please, God. Please let her be okay." I whisper to myself, walking slowly towards her and crouching beside her, turning her body so i can see her face. A loud, broken sob escapes my mouth when i see her dead, lifeless eyes staring up at me, the terror of her endeavors with the troll still etched upon her face.
We sat in complete silence, both of us staring into space as we just sat in each others company. Finally i turned to face him, looking at him properly for the first time in years. He looked almost older and wiser then ever, like something in his life had drastically changed. There were bags under his eyes and stubble on his face but he still looked happy, and he still looked handsome. I suppose he could be an old decrepid man and still look handsome. I made myself smile by thinking this and he raised an eyebrow as i just smiled studidly at him.
"So good for me baby," He murmered under his breath. "You're still so tight and perfect after all these years."
I didn’t want to leave Dean, I did really want to run away with him but I knew I just couldn’t. There were more important things at stake here then only our love to one another. I had a kingdom to rule and a daughter to raise, she was the most important thing to me at the present time, as important Dean was to me, my daughter was going to be top of my list with Dean close second. I rode home at a steady pace as I was in no rush to get back and face Leliel at the present time. I was in no rush also to keep ruling my kingdom because the whole thing was getting on my nerves anyway; the war, the mayhem, the angels and the demons. I may as well just live with the humans because they seemed like they knew how to live life exactly how they wanted to.
“There is nothing wrong with being merciful Dean, nothing wrong at all. All the best people are merciful.” I look up at him and he smiles back down at me. I stand back up again and hug him tightly. He stills for a second before wrapping his own arms around me. I finally let him go and lean down to kiss him gently.
I stand up quickly, the pain slowly subsiding as I look at my horse. I tie my dress back up and walk over to my horse slowly, still rubbing my stomach to try and get rid of the pain. I stroked her white mane and rested my forehead against her nuzzle.
"I get it. I understand. I don't resent you for it i promise that because perhaps i should have taken you up on your offer a long time ago." He pushes his food away from him and gets up to walk over to me and behind me, pressing a kiss to my cheek and hugging my from behind.
“WHERE IS THE KING?!” I scream at some demons and they yelp and hurry off quickly. After a few minutes of me scaring all the demons out of the great hall the double doors open and Dean comes hurrying out towards me, looking shocked and surprised to see me there.
"Okay." We sit in silence for a while before we begin talking again about things that she has been doing which is the same damn thing that she has always been doing and things i have been doing which is all a plain lie. Before i know it, one of her fathers calls her back home for dinner and i am once again, left alone in the garden of roses, their awful stench filling my nose with their sickly sweetness.
"Please can we go to the woods Marian?" I please my nurse as she pours another drink and rolls her eyes. "Please please please!" I give her my best Uncle Sammy look puppy doggy look and she gulps down her drink before picking up the bottle and wrapping it in brown paper.
I ran back down from the study and went up to everyone asking if they had seen her. Where was she? She couldn’t have actually ran away with our child, she couldn’t do that. I was frantic as I looked about the castle, searching for my wife. Two hours later and I was hopping onto a horse and riding down fast towards where I knew Leliel would be going. She wouldn’t go to the demons and she wouldn’t stay with the angels so the only place she could find refuge with is in fact the humans. She would be going to the human cities down in the south and that is where I planned on looking.
We arrive back to the castle in one piece after a seven day ride. Castiel had made sure we had enough to eat for the way back so we were only a bit run down from sleeping on the ground for so long. As soon as we entered the city, guards came running out to greet us and started asking questions about where the hell we had been. We ignore them all and go straight into the castle to pay our visit to our father who was in a meeting. He was sat at the end of the table, stood up while he was speaking to all his advisors when we burst into the room. He took one look at us and his face became shocked.
“I want to fall in love with you again Leliel. If I did everything would be so much easier.” His voice was so full of honesty and despair and I knew that I had to do it. I had to do everything in my power to get him fall in love with me again. I grab his hand and start dragging him out of his study carefully as he looks at me sceptically.
I kept on riding. Harder and faster now that it was starting to get dark. I needed to get to the place where Leliel would have had our child but I couldn’t seem to find it anywhere. I needed my daughter, I needed her now.
“It’s not all that bad boy, I found your mother during one of these balls.” We look around the hall were angels were getting it ready for tonight. Large ornaments and flowers were being strung up while tables and chairs were being scattered around the room. A stand for an orchestra to play was also being set up and I pulled a face. “She was the most beautiful woman in the room. She stood right in the middle of the hall, he hair was down to her bottom and she had on a pure gold tiara that was circling her head.”
"-nt. But he's been at the liquor table for a couple of hours now and I'd say the whole thing has livened up a bit." I looked over to the buffet table to find a group of men laughing and talking with each other however I didn't know which one the prince was as he had probably taken off his regal robes after the dance. Suddenly, Gabriel put his hat on me and told me to hold it for a while before wandering off towards the demon lady who had waved at him. He was going to get into so much trouble if he carried on the way he was going but that was just what Gabriel was like. I shrugged at smiled after my older brother until the men at the buffet table caught my attention. They were shouting at me but calling me "Jester" and then I realised that I still had the hat on and they must have thought I was the jester. They were waving me over but I just looked at them stupidly but thankfully my brother came to save the day by walking over to me and taking the hat off my head.
“His? That’s a surprise… I was expecting you to have a woman angel to practice on.” I cough on the drink that I am sipping and look at her in surprise. “Oh come on, you men always think that us women have no clue. We know exactly what you get up to, to please us.”
“Out of all the things we have just said, that is what you pick up on? Why do you care if the Queen of the Angels is pregnant?” He frowns at me and looks down at the floor awkwardly which makes me quite confused.
"Should I ma'am?" I remember what Dean said about her being shocked when he told her about me so I decided that now was a good a time as any to understand why.
“Well, I’m not being horrible but shouldn’t your grace be kind of… dim by now?” He asks me and I shrug.
“I’ve missed you.” I say, my voice cracking slightly at the whole time we had missed together and I feel him not his head.
“I love Castiel.” My smile drops and I look at him quickly. He looks back at me sadly and sighs, scraping the floor with his shoe awkwardly. “-and I think that he might love me back.”
"Sorry." He mumbles and i nod silently. I don't answer back so he just quietly walks out of my study and down the long stone steps, towards his own chambers that had been assigned to him. Once he is out of earshot i groan loudly and put my face in my hands, sitting down on the floor in defeat.
"Around the castle somewhere your majesty, but where I have no clue. I will get one of the guards to go and fetch her." I nod absentmindedly at his decision and turn to face the view once again. "I knew where you were."
"He told me that he wasn't going to hurt me. He asked for my name and i told him. Then he told me his name!" Daddy rolls his eyes at me and smiles in adoration before getting up and walking over to me, leaning down to look at me.
“I could hear her last night.” He tells me, a faint smile coming to his lips as he looks down at the floor and shrugs. “Not her thoughts per-say but there was something there that told me she was girl. I’m not too sure on what it was though.” I walk back over to him and get his hand, putting it on my stomach. I watch him closely but he isn’t looking at me but rather concentrating on my stomach with his eyebrows furrowed and a small squint in his eye. He looks confused, as if he is trying to listen for something that isn’t there and it begins to get me worried. Suddenly he starts laughing loudly and takes his hand away from me which makes me even more confused.
“KILL ME THEN!” She screams over and over again. “KILL ME YOU BASTARD!” I hold onto her wrists and push her against a wall to corner her.
"Of course your majesty." She bows again and I open the door for her to leave my chambers. When she is gone I thank Lucifer that angels don't try and get involved in other people's business because I don't know what I would have told her if she asks me where I really got the baby from. No one must know that I actually found her, no one at all.
"But angels don't kill other angels and I heard that an angel by the name of Michael slaughtered her!" With his words I heard Michael sob loudly behind me and I stiffened. Dean looked behind at Michael and furrowed his eyebrows before his eyes went wide in shock. "You're Michael?"
"Shut up peasant." With that I opened the door and let myself into Dean quarters. He was sat at his dining table and tapping his fingers impatiently when he heard me come in and looked up.
“No Dean, we couldn’t. I have a wife and, I love her very much. You have Anna whom is kind to you and I’m an angel Dean and you’re…”
"I-i'm gonna-" I start but he cuts me off by kissing my roughly, making my lips swollén. My bódy starts shakíng violently before i finally start comíng over both our chésts with no mercy or control. I cry out in a long and suggestive móan until he ejéculates insíde of me, still keeping up his thrustíng motion as we slíp into our come down. All you can hear is out hot and heavy breaths and stícky soungs from where he is slowíng his híps down before finally pullíng out and collápsing on tóp of my swéaty body.
“D-dean, please Dean. Oh my god, please.” He stutters out, begging me to touch him more. “I’ve wanted, I’ve needed you for so long. Please.”
I look at baby girl with love and affection and smile so brightly. Broader then I have done in such a long time as my heart fills with love for the beautiful baby in my arms. I had to think of a name for her and right on the spot, just there I thought of one that fit her perfectly. This little girl brought love back into my heart so I leaned in to whisper in her ear.
“Yes.” She replied simply, still smiling at me kindly, He golden hair was long and drifted along the water. “Who are you?” She asks me as I sit down on the bank infront of her.
“You’re not listening into our private conversation Dean, I’m sorry.” She says and he glares at us both.
"Lucifer." I say, turning back to her coolly and she gulps and nods her head. "The Demon God." She nods her head again.
“Why not?!” Sam exclaimed. “-and don’t give me that demons versus angels bullshit cause I don’t give a crap that angels and demons are natural enemies. I don’t care that we are meant to hate each other and kill each other. I don’t care that we aren’t meant to get along because why would all that matter when we have each other.” By now other angels had gathered around to listen to Sam’s inspirational speech. “The only problem I have with the angels right now is the fact that you are being so damn stubborn. I have forgiven Michael for killing my mother because it’s done now and I’m sure he had a reason for doing it, even if it’s a bad reason these type of things happen sometimes and we have to deal with them. I think this was is absolutely pointless and ridiculous and I think that it needs to stop. Maybe one day it will but I want no part of it. All I want Gabriel is for you too except my as your LUCIFER BE DAMNED FRIEND.” Everyone gasped when he damned his own God. Even I, who knew what he was like, raised an eyebrow at his sudden outburst. There were tears in his eyes and his voice cracked at the end. The whole camp went silent, his voice carrying over the whole army. Even the woman warriors were looking at the young demon prince in shock.
“Valentina! Valentina! It’s me! Its daddy, please look at me!” He shouts over and over again but the little girl did not look up. He tried to approach her but as soon as he got within five feet of her, an invisible barrier held him where he stood, not letting him get closer to her. He banged on the invisible shield and shouted at the top of his voice but she did not even flinch. He could not take it anymore; he could not watch her hum and pick flowers like she used to do if she could not even speak to him. With a sob he turned around and ran as far as he could out of the clearing, out of the woods and away from this place forever.
I rode as quickly as I could down the river but there was no baby to be seen. I got off my horse and knelt down on the ground with my head in my hands, tears slipping out if my eyes. I start sobbing loudly, the realisation hitting me that I had lost both my wife and my daughter that day. After a whole half an hour of sitting like this I get up and wipe my eyes. I wouldn't give up on trying finding my daughter. I would get every angel in the kingdom trying to find her and give out a reward to anyone who does. The war would have to be postponed, my daughter was more important to me then some war that had been going on for too long already. I decided to let my horse go, setting it free as I flew up into the air and looked around the scenery to see if I could find any sign of life at all but there was none. I had to ride the horse on the way here because it was easier to track Leliel but I wasted no time in flying back to the castle, getting there within 2 days and only one night.
There was a soft humming sound from somewhere in the woods but Dean ignored it, still crouching low beside Valentina’s grave and having nostalgia for the past and regret for the future that never came. There was a rustling in the clearing and Dean looked up to find a cloak of red whip past behind a tree.
"Merry Christmas." God says, smiling at us as we look at him in confusion once again. He walks inside the house without wen being invited and before following him in, me and Dean look at one another frightfully. Valentina on the other hand does not seem phased at all by the sudden appearance of the Angel God but in fact had more or less embraced it and was now inspecting the flower that he had given her.
"HELLO BROTHER!" I heard Gabriel's voice shout me and I turned around to see him wearing the same outfit as me but he also had bells on his wrists and ankles along with a colourful top hat.
I'm going to ignore that happened. She will probably be back tomorrow, blushing like a disgusting rose. I know what to do. I'm going to poke fun at her for it. With a wave of my hand, bright red roses bloom around the tree stump that i normally sit at and i smirk to myself and nod my head. Now i can say that her face looks redder than these roses when she comes next.
"She was a strange angel, never knew when to stop talking." I smiled at the memories of her trying to get me to call off the army that i had sent all those years ago. "She was passionate and loving, never had a bad word to say about anyone. I was sad when she fell, she was a good soldier."
“They’re only young, they’ve never killed an angel before in their lives and they don’t make a difference to me.” I reply back, the last lie slipping through my teeth easily. Crowley rolled his eyes and stood up a bit straighter.
"I have to go now." She says sadly and i smile at her and nod in understanding. "Will you come again?" She asks and i chuckle low.
"What are you doing?" He asks, trying to look at what I'm writing but I hide the parchment from him.
“That’s right; if they do then they will burn to ashes.” He smiles in victory and I try to move but the pain is too much. “Don’t move, I’ll go get some water for it.”
“Which memory are you taking me back to this time Lil, because there is quite a lot in here.” His grin is mischievous and I smirk at him and shrug my shoulders, putting my hands around the nape of his neck and going up on my tip-toes to kiss him softly. He wraps his arms around my waist and mine are around his middle as he deepens the kiss. “I feel weird to have sex with you when you’re pregnant.”
"I told you kid, we can't be friends. I'm an angel, you're a demon. It just doesn't work like that." The angel was saying to my brother and Samuel was giving him his best puppy dog eyes.
I toss and turn in my bed that night and finally decide to get up and walk around after not being able to sleep. I stand at the edge of the camp, looking down into the valley where the angels are and wondering if I would be able to get into the camp. It was worth a try and I don't believe that Cas would kill me if I got caught. I slip on a deep black clock to stop myself being seen and put up the hood to keep my head down low as I start walking around the camp and through a different way where I knew less angels would be on guard. When I got there I saw two angel guards talking to each other quietly and smoking on some tobacco, not even looking in the direction of the dark field ahead. I slip past them easily and try and act natural as I walk through the camp. They say that those who look sneaky get caught, those who look obvious don't. I look around for the biggest and most beautiful tent, knowing that Castiel would be in that one as he always love beautiful things.
“Like I said, mind trick. I don’t really need my powers to do things like that. You’ve seen Gabriel’s magic tricks; well it’s sort of like that.”
"Oh yes, King John will be moving up from being King to becoming one of Crowley's personal men and his son, Dean, will take his place." My heart panged at the name but I kept it together.
"Yes." We slip back into silence and I look around the hall once again, frowning. "The Winchester will be our guests, not our prisoners. They are half of our own and we must let their father and Crowley know that we have NOT kidnapped them. We are not ready for this war yet." With that I stride out of the hall, my cloak swishing wildly behind me, leaving my advisors, Gabriel and Michael to deal with the two demons. I decided to go up to my study rather than my chambers, wanting to be alone for a while. Once I got up the long spiral staircase I walked out onto the balcony and breathed in the fresh evening air. It was windy out and the weather made my cloak swish around my ankles, the cold biting into my skin. I shivered slightly and spread out my large wings, letting the wind travel through them. I stood like this, listening to the early evening sounds with my eyes closed, keeping my thoughts swirling around my head. This was how I came to a decision normally and hopefully it would help with the current situation. I must have even stood there like a statue for a good ten minutes before a knock at the balcony door snapped me out of my thoughts. I turned around quickly and saw Dean on the other side of the glass, tapping it slightly. I open the doors with my magic and he steps back quickly as the swing open. He looks at me in silence before suddenly bowing down to me. I smile and shake my head at him as he come back up from bowing and grins back at me.
“C-cas?” He whispers out, trying to stop a small smile slipping onto his face which angers me even more.
"Not it Azazel, HER. And she's mine of course." He looks at me in surprise and I just shrug. "I had a mistress and she had a baby. She couldn't cope with her so she left her here and now I'm looking after her."
"Shut up." I nudge him with my foot and he grins wickedly at me before climbing back into bed with me and resting his head on my shoulder. I kiss the top of his forehead lightly and bury my face in his soft, fluffy hair that doesn't seem to be affected by grease and muck but just stays messy and comfortable all the time. I sigh contently, squeezing the smaller man against me and taking in his warmth.
"Of course not your highness, come sit by me." I took a seat next to her and smiled in kindness at her bubbliness. The jester bowed to me and muttered out his highnesses before carrying on with his act that was actually very funny. He told a joke about not being able to do his actual magic tricks a we took away his magic and I laughed so hard that we had to excuse him from our presence. Anael waved her ladies away and turned to me when I finally stopped laughing.
"It's not like I haven't seen it all before Cas." He smirks at me and I roll my eyes and throw his clothes at him.
I decided to go up to Castiel’s study the next morning which proved to be a difficult task as I was growing bigger and more heavy each day. I held on to my bump as I walked up the long stone steps and had to stop halfway up for a breather. When I finally got to the door I knocked on it quietly and I found that he was already awake when he yelled for me to come in. When I entered he looked up from his desk and his eyes became sad. He looked awful, like he hadn’t slept all night, there were bags under his eyes and stubble on his face. His hair was messier then normal and his clothes were rumpled about his body. He stood up when he saw me and pulled his chair out for me to sit down.
“Please, I don’t want you to go!” Leliel shouted at me and I frown at her before kissing her forehead.
"Good." Is all I reply back before finally moving my three fingers around inside of him. He cried out and flung his head backwards, arching his back as I hit his prostate again. One of his hands up towards his shaft but I slapped it away with my spare hand.
"Dean, let me go! Let me go! I will kill him!" Sobs escaping the angels mouth as they both scuffle with one another.
"We have to go." I whisper quickly in Dean's ear and he jumps slightly before looking at me in confusion.
"Of course not daddy, i promise i would never do that! But i did see an angel, he spoke to me!" I giggled and he leant back in his chair and crossed his arms.
"Because I LOVED HER!" He shouted to me, tears springing to his eyes. "And she fell in love with a stinking demon! A demon over me! And not just any demon, oh no, a bastard demon king!"
Dean breathed out heavily and bit his lip, looking down at Castiel with passion, longing and desire while slowly stroking a hand through Castiel’s thick chocolate brown hair. Castiel smiled up at him in love before looking at Dean’s growing bulge that was restricted by his boxers and opening his mouth, mouthing at the fabric sending heat waves through Dean who gripped Castiel’s hair tight.
“I don’t know Lel; I suppose there has just been so much going on lately that I haven’t been able to sleep.”
"They're... harsh." I say, looking back to the woman. "But he pays good so..." She smiles and nods and i thank her one last time before looking back up to the manor and gulping slightly. We had to get out of here as fast as possible. I ran around the rest of the market, picking up bits and peices that we needed before finding Dean and Valentina, still in the same spot and watching the puppet play again. Dean looked bored out of his skull as he had his cheek his his hand and his elbow on his knee while he hunched onto the small chairs that were made for children but at least Valentina looked as if she was enjoying it.
"Why don't you open it and find out?" He tells me I blush before opening the box carefully and peering inside. I gasp slightly when I see a beautiful blue necklace inside, one that had the same colour as my eyes. I pick it out of the box and look at it with wide eyes, holding it carefully in my hands. “It was your mothers.” Was all father had said to me, not elaborating but just letting me know that I finally had something that belonged to my mother.
"Come on Sam, quit bugging me. I'm busy." I snap at my little brother and he sits down in front of me in a huff.
"What a lovely woman." I say happily and Sam rolls his eyes as he rubs his sore head where the baby pulled his hair. I bounce on my feet with the child in my arms and finally she is drifting off the sleep happily. "Aww, look at her Sammy, she's so cute."
"Well aren't you the optimist." He gave me a bitch face and turned around to stalk out of the room, leaving me alone once more. I had decided to get a good night's rest and try to speak to Cas tomorrow, not knowing what to say but to try and prize more information out of him about who he really is. I would sleep on it.
"Because one is the king and one is the prince and frankly I hate both of them equally." I mumble and he let's out a loud laugh of mockery.
Castiel was king of the goddamn angels for heaven’s sake! Or at least he was which meant that he still had the power of the king. And Dean was part angel and part demon, he had powers of both good and evil within him and mixing them together, although tricky proved extremely powerful against evil beings as he and Sam found out when out on a hunt together one time.
"They caught us off guard my lord, appeared out of nowhere so suddenly and just started burning everything. " the guard explained to me while we swung around each other viciously, beating the crap out of any demon that came out way. I am about to reply but suddenly there is a huge burst of light and out of the smoke comes around about 50 woman warriors, looking around the battlefield in fury in anger.
"I go out their to think. You're lucky you caught me before I jumped off and started flying." I start pouring two glasses of whiskey and hand him one when I have done. He takes hit with a nod in thanks and sips it, smacking his lips together and licking them. "I'm sorry about my advisors, I hope they didn't rough you up too much."
“He’s not your real daddy Valentina, I am.” He says quickly and I look at him angrily before backing away from him.
"I'm bored! Can we go out?" She said, blowing a bit of stray hair from her face while being completely oblivious to the awkwardness she had put on me and Dean.
"You said you'd tell him that I was yours now. You promised." He choked out and I looked down at my feet in shame.
"That can't be good." I say to them and they shake their heads slowly. "We need to destroy these blacksmiths before they are allowed to make any more angel blades. Send a thousand of our best warriors to find them and put an end to them." I say regally and the advisor nods before hurrying out of my study and back down the stairs. I look down at myself and notice that I am still wearing the slave clothes, I groan loudly before clicking my fingers and my attire changes to a long tan coat with a good, white tunic with black leggings and a gold belt with a matching wrist lock. Black boots covered my feet made me feel more comfortable now than I had ever done before.
"Alright, but remember to stay close." She tells me and i nod my head but i never do. She always just sits on the grass or on a tree stump drinking so i can do what i want in those woods. I normally go as far as right to the edge of the border and look at the angel kingdom. Sometimes when i squint my eyes on a clear day i can see the angel castle, big, white and beautiful! I wish i could go there one time and meet the king! Dada says he has met the king of the angel kingdom, a long time ago and he says he is really nice and handsome and he also says that he has the same coloured eyes as me which is blue!
“Listen, I know you’re busy and I know you said that you never wanted to see him again but he’s an emotional wreck. I don’t know if you know but Leliel died a few years back and-“
"I love you, you know that right?" I say breathlessly and with a smile and a nod of his head he lies next to me on the bed with one leg draped over my own legs, laying his head on my shoulder.
"Well, I'd watch her carefully. I still don't trust her all that much." I tell him and he nods in understanding before patting me on the back.
“I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about.” I circle my hips again and he moans slightly before shutting his mouth tightly and shoots evils at my smirking face. “You’re looking a little hot under the collar there your highness.”
"I thank you for doing this, but I beg of you not to tell anyone about her." I say out loud, still not looking at the woman but I can almost feel her smile.
"We have captured two very important demons my king, you may want to check for yourself however." I look at Leliel who is still sat back on the bed with her hands behind her back. She looks back at me and shrugs her shoulders.
I walk into the clearing and i see him sitting casually on the tree stump, looking up at me and giving me a wolfish grin. He complexion had changed from when i last saw him, his jawline looked longer and his eyes looked brighter. His skn was still tanned from the sun but i saw that he had big strong muscles, his arms were big and if his chest were not covered by clothing, i'm sure i would have liked the sight. His hair was still as blonde as sunlight and his eyes were still full of mystery and mischief but i loved him all the more for it.
I was awoken by loud banging on my door and sat up in bed when it suddenly burst open to reveal two harsh looking guards followed by King John in the middle of them, sneering slightly. I kept my face mutual, my lips thinning into a line on my face as he stalked over to me, staring me down. The corners of my mouth twitched upwards into a smug looking grin and this angered him, making him punch me plain across the face.
She would never be able to reach her high point when she stopped growing up and live. She was still a child, she was still only so young and now, she would never grow old. And the curse! How would i be able to live with seeing my baby every 18 years and not being able to hug her? The devil really did live up to his name.
“Different how? If there was anything I could do to get us to be together I would do it Cas!” His frantic nature had gotten me all excited, maybe he did love me.
“I’m not your real father, Val.” I tell her slowly and carefully and she looks back at me in confusion. “I found you by a river and your real mother had died and drifted off down the stream. I took you home with me and brought you up but I promise you I love you like you’re my own daughter.”
"Ohhhh, gimme, gimme gimme!" She says loudly and i roll my eyes. With a deep breath i lower myself down on one knee in front of her and reach in my pocket and she keeps shuffling excitedly, waiting from my present. I take out a small black box and hold it out in my hand.
"It's not like I had a choice. We didn't get to pick the roles we got assigned them." There was a moments silence before Leliel started laughing loudly. I crossed my arms and leaned against one of the posts of my four posted bed, looking at her with my eyebrows raised.
“I didn’t know she was yours Castiel, I promise I didn’t. I found the baby next to the river bank and looked for hours for the mother. I even stayed in the same spot for so long hoping that someone would come and collect her but then she started crying and I realised she was hungry. I didn’t have any food on me Castiel, I brought her back here and fed her. I kept going back to the river bank hoping that the mother would turn up but she never did. I looked after her, but I promise you, I did not kill Leliel and I did not know this child was yours. You know I wouldn’t do that to you Cas, you know I would have given her to you if I realised she was yours.” I glare at him angrily through his whole explanation and breathe out a breath of smoke that proved my insides where on fire with anger. “Please, you have to believe me.”
"Happy birthday baby girl." He says, walking over to his desk and picking up a present that was wrapped in paper. He hands it to me and I rip it open before looking at the velvet box.
"Fight for your king! Fight for your queen! Fight for yourselves!" I hear Anael cry out to the angels and with that they run, run as fast as they can towards any demon they can get their hands on. They carried no weapons but their nails were filed into sharp claws that had venom laced within them. They wore no armour, but rather leather straps to cover their skin and hold knives in case of their nails snapped. Within the women I saw my wife, carrying two long blades and cutting through the demons to try and get to me. I shove through the crowds and grab her arm to pull her out of the war that was raging on.
Even though he was tired he still carried on pulsíng my cóck up and down quickly and even went as far as slipping my leggings down slightly and wrappíng his mouth around it and began suckíng me and lícking me greedily so i would come in his mouth. I líck of his tongue across my típ sent me piling over the edge of my orgásm, making me shout out his name in pure pleasure. He crawled back up to face me, swallowing down the rest of my come and i reached out my hand to wipe a bit off the corner of his mouth with my thumb and he súcked it off slowly, looking into my eyes.
“Not until we know this forest is safe baby girl. We need to look around it first and see what kind of creatures are here and how far away their lairs are. She sighs and nods before walking into her own bedroom and started unpacking her things and placing them gently on every shelf and nightstand she could find. I smile at her but suddenly Castiel collapses at my feet and I yelp and try to catch him. He bangs his head hard on the wooden floor so I pick him up quickly and take him to what will be our room when we unpack our things and lay him on the bed. “Cas?” I say quickly, my heart beating fast but it slows down when I realise he is breathing and must just have fainted from all the power and energy he had to use. Valentina came running into our room while I stood over him and pushed his hair out of his face and came over to me before holding my hand.
“Will you be alright with just the two of you? I can send some angels along with you if you’d like.” Castiel said to me, taking me over to the side while my brother was kicking off about not wanting to leave.
"What is Cas?" He says informally and it makes me feel that slight bit better that I still had my brother at my side.
“Will… will you be my friend?” I look up at him and give him my best puppy dog eyes, hoping that he won’t be freaked out by the strange request. He sighs loudly and looks at me sadly.
“I could call for him Cas.” Gabriel says seriously. “I mean it.” I shake my head however, sniffing slightly.
"Of course I do, but I also care for myself. I now have two demons wanting to sard me every night and I only have one body!" I snap and he starts laughing which gets me even more annoyed. "What are you laughing at?!"
"My son." He says to me, holding out a hand for me to take. I do so slowly and he holds it, looking deep into my eyes and right into my soul and spirit. "You have got yourself into a bit of a pickle haven't you?"
I climb back up onto the saddle and ride back home to my kingdom. It takes me three whole days to get there and when i do i realise that i hadn't had the little girl out of my head the entire ride home. She was constantly there, not so much her face but more the bright red cloak and those stunning blue eyes of hers.
When I am down there, there are angels everywhere. Busy going about their day to day chores and when they see me they stop and look at me in surprise, bowing lowly and muttering out their highnesses. I nod and smile at them all which leaves them just as confused as they were before but I don’t really mind. I go up to the head demon chef and ask her where the younger angels were. She wrinkled her nose in a disapproving way but I didn’t care just as long as she pointed me in the right direction. She pointed me through some doors that led to an outside courtyard. Once outside I look a look around and found quite a lot of angels that looked about my age but they all seemed miserably. I could understand why due to the fact that they were slaves but I wanted one that would at least like me, even though I was a demon. I was knocked out of my thoughts by a boy who looked around my age bumping into me.
"We were walking into town and she asked me about it. She must have read about it somewhere so i told her. She asked how me and you did it seen as we were both men and i told her and she groaned and sat down in the middle of the forest and refused to move or even talk to me for an hour straight."
A better way of killing her would be calling on one of the ogres or trolls to come and maul her body, letting her die a slow and agonising death so the angel and the demon would find her body while our looking for her and seeing her mauled body covering the floor. Yes, that would seem to be the best way but for some reason, whenever i thought about calling on a troll to pay a little visit to our little princess, i got a sick feeling in my stomach. I felt like a coward if i let someone or something else do my own dirty work so i would have to figure out a way to do it myself.
“It is against the law to withhold information from the king. It is also illegal to give help to angels or keep them in your home. If anyone here is keeping an angel in safe-keeping they will be sentenced to death.” My father’s voice was harsh but noble. He stared the humans down, using his black eyes as an extra effect and the humans couldn’t hold his gaze for long. They bowed their heads and stayed silent until my father whistled for us to follow him.
I had gone back to the clearing everyday for the past month and there was no sign of Valentina anywhere. I had even sent a black crow into her room with a message but the crow came back with the note gone and no Valentina. I don't particularly know why i was so bothered about her being in love with me. I had questions and i needed to know the answer to them.
“Touché my lady.” She grins wickedly at me before taking a sip out of her own drink. We had just finished our meal and were now just sitting back talking to each other quietly.
“I know there are angels here among you; I know they can pretend to be humans. My warning to them is to keep their head down because my father will not rest until he finds you and enslaves you.” I then turn my horse around and ride out of the gates, after my father.
“A small one, black hair. I think he may be a sex slave.” I say regally but when I say it out loud the word almost catches in my throat.
"But i saw an angel daddy!" I cry excitedly, jumping up and down. He looks up at me quickly and frowns and this is when i realise my mistake.
"Erm, i was just saying that we have some more information on what killed Leliel. We think that someone might have set a troll on her and then took the body away afterwards." He told me and i frowned.
I pace my room, twiddling my thumbs angrily when I get the call from Crowley about joining the demon army. I remember what Leliel said about surprising Castiel's army and killing them all and frankly I don't want to be part of that but I have to be. The fight will last for weeks and I had time to get my demons ready and march them into battle but I don't want to take more odds against Cas. I decide to do it because if I don't, there will be problems for me. I needed the respect of my kingdom and if I didn't march my demons in to help Crowley I would lose all that respect that my father built up for me during all those years. I sigh, sit at my study desk and start writing a letter of command to the general of my army to give to him and get them all ready.
Dean's smile fell from his face as he looked at Leliel in shock. He then looked at me and gulped before looking back at her, composing himself and smiling lightly.
He remembered the amazing sex they used to have, even so long into their relationship as if neither of them bored of it and he remembered how Castiel used to pray every night before going to sleep, praying for he and Valentina to be safe and okay, and for their family to last as long as possible before they had to let Valentina go and explore the big wide world. Dean Winchester and Castiel never even got the chance to say goodbye to Valentina and now they would never get that chance. He had never seen Castiel once visit her grave and he now expected him to be in heaven or elsewhere in the world.
“Why’d you need to marry?” Leliel asks bluntly before picking a berry off a berry bush in the garden, inspecting it and then popping it in her mouth. Her face scrunches up at the sourness of the berry and she gulps it down before shivering. “That was disgusting.”
I met Anael at the bottom of the castle stairs. I was standing outside a black horse and carriage when I looked up to find her walking down the stone steps towards me looking more beautiful then I had ever seen her before. She was wearing a red and gold dress that pushed up her bosom fantastically and flowed out at the hips. Her hair was in braids down her back and she had a gold circlet on her head that made her look so regal. She would make a fantastic Queen.
“Yes your majesty.” It was a lie of course, the only sex I have had was Castiel on top of me, and I hadn’t exactly learned that much seen as I was always too caught up in the moment but I decided to change that after my mean with Anna tonight. I would go to Castiel now and tell him to come up to my room after Anna had left.
“To talk to you. In private.” I state simply, looking dead into his blue eyes to let him know that I meant business. Castiel bit the inside of his cheek, contemplating my request before he finally nodded and beckoned me forward to follow him. He told the other angels to go back to their daily business and they looked confused at his demand but did as he said anyway. We walked in silence towards Castiel’s study and all I could keep thinking about was Valentina and where she was at the current time. She probably had no idea what was going on outside her little imaginary world, she probably had no idea that Castiel was her real father and I had only found her by the river. We walked up the long stone spiral staircase and finally entered the study which looked exactly as it had done all those years ago. Castiel walks over to his drinks cabinet and gets out two glasses before pouring us both a glass of Shandy each and then handing on to me before looking at me expectantly.
“Alright then.” He says, nodding his head and smiling. I squeal and wrap my arms around his neck before kissing his cheek and then running off, going to find Marian so she can take me. Before I knew it we were on our way towards the woods and hopefully Castiel would already be there.
"I did." I smiled at his attempt to change the subject but complied with his request. He didn't like to be put in awkward situations and i suppose i liked this about him.
“Castiel?” My wife says tiredly, waking up from her slumber and sitting up slightly. I take my hands away from her belly and smile at her.
"I've noticed. So do I though." A thought hits me and I glance at him again while he is putting the lavender back in its bowl. "In fact, I'll probably need you to run a bath for me tonight. Let me know when you're boiling the water later on." He turns to me and nods seriously.
It had to be extremely early in the morning when Dean came down the stone cold steps. He ran straight up to my bars and rattled them, looking down at me sadly and in shock while i shivered in the dark. I frown up at him and slowly stand up, looking at him intently.
"I need to go back in." The guards look at each other before looking back to me and nodding their heads, standing apart from the door slightly to let me in. I walked slowly into the room again and tiptoed into the king's bedroom where he was writing some kind of letter. I coughed to let him know I was here and he turned in his chair looking at me angrily.
After Dean could not find Castiel, he had assumed he had gone back up to raven and with a heavy heart he had gone back to Sam and now…
I wasn’t worried for my life, I was worried for my daughter’s life. I just wanted to love and protect her and I was sincerely regretting leaving the castle so close to my due date. My daughter was coming into the world this night and I had no one here to help me. I had to help myself; I had to do the whole process by myself. I would be strong about it; I wouldn’t let something as simple as childbirth break me. I had fought wars, I had led armies and I had been married to an idiot. I could do this. I kept telling myself this over and over again throughout the whole process. It hurt so badly and I was so damn worried for my little girl that is almost killed me.
"I don't wanna hear it, I have to split myself in half and go too two separate quarters." I grumble and he laughs.
“Yes your highness.” She bowed lowly and nodded her head. I thanked her and asked her where I could find him. “Well I sent him to the great hall to fix the king’s throne your highness. There was a scuff on it.”
"Well, perhaps you could come and stay with us for a while. I'm sure my fathers won't mind at all." I say, trying to help the poor boy but he only shakes his head sadly.
"Don't even say it." He cuts me off, trying to hold back a laugh as a small smirk plays on my lips. I lean my forehead on his and close my eyes tightly, sighing.
“Oh thank you!” I kiss his cheek before running to get a class of water to put my flower in. I hear voices carrying to the kitchen from the dining room and I peer through the door to check on dada and papa.
"I'm aware of the situation Sam." I sigh sadly and look at him before reaching out and patting him on the shoulder. "I suppose all we should do is try and keep out of their way so we won't be expected to kill them."
I slid behind the painting, it was the only way to get out of the palace without being seen. I needed to get the word out. I travelled along the dark and tight spaces that led out of the regal castle, brushing spiders and cobwebs out of my face as I went. My long and expensive dress was tight around my body and this contrasted with the tight space I was travelling down made me feel extremely claustrophobic. I hadn't been able to get out of the palace for three whole weeks down to the fact that Prince Dean had wanted to see me almost every day. The more I learnt about him the more of a mystery he became. I questioned him on angels and when he spoke about them he had softness in his voice unlike that of his fathers. I had also spoken to his younger brother about the angel situation and he seemed to be far too intrigued with them, turning the questions around on me and trying to make me tell him everything I knew about angels. Of course I couldn't tell him too much otherwise I might have given myself away. I couldn't afford that at this time so I just decided to let the matter drop.
"I wouldn't if i were you." I tell him warningly, looking over at our little girl who was chucking stones into a nearby stream.
"The name of the angel is Castiel. Black hair, blue eyes. You may have seen him around." I shrug and he turns back around slowly to look at me. I can tell by the look on his face that he knew exactly which angel I was talking about but he showed no expression on his face.
"I'm telling the truth. I will not kill you. If i wanted to kill you i could have done it a long time ago but i could never find the strenght to lift a blade to your neck or a poisoned apple to your throat little red."
"You made me fall in love with you!" She screams before running away from me, leaving me once again stood in the garden in aboslute shock. In love with me? How could she be in love with me? No one loves me, no one that pure and that kind could ever love anybody like me. Why would she say something like that.
“Well it’s like ripping a fucking hole in God’s universe with my bare hands and walking through it, Cas.”
He works his hand slowly, face buried in the bruised skin at Dean’s neck. The hickeys will heal when Dean sleeps, for the magic in his body can’t help but work to regenerate him when he’s unconscious, but Dean still loves being marked.
Castiel shakes his head vigorously. “I absolutely refuse to participate in any sibling rivalry,” he says, and walks out the door, leaving Dean to catch up after him.
But anyway, when I was younger, people tended to avoid us. We had close family friends and all, like Bobby from Singer’s Goods, but in general we weren’t popular. Most parents wouldn’t let their kids play with me and Sam, my mom didn’t get the same support as other war wives, that sort of thing. Well, according to my dad. I was real young when she died, don’t remember much. But when I was about twenty, a whole mess of ghouls came to town.”
It’s rough work following the Winchesters; Castiel has been riding all day and is carrying his pack, making it difficult to keep up with their long strides, particularly when he has to hide periodically when it looks like they might be turning in his direction.
Day two of training is far more physical. Dean says knowing about monsters isn’t worth a damn thing if Castiel can’t fight. Castiel assures him he
Ellen’s daughter Jo chimes in. “You’re from Wichita, right? You gonna be their resident hunter, or roam the plains like Big Moose and the Wayward Witch?”
“Looking for two things,” Castiel says, using the authoritative voice he’s been perfecting the past few months. “Place for board, and these two men.” Castiel takes out the wanted poster that features both Winchester brothers, placing it on the shop counter.
Castiel wants to ask the woman, Ellen, more about who she thinks will be along to deal with the issue, but maybe that’ll be suspicious. She has to mean the Winchesters, though, doesn’t she?
“You ain’t Jimmy, Jimmy wouldn’t be looking for revenge on me,” Dean reasons, right before he rushes forward and rams into Castiel head first, knocking him against the wall and to the floor.
After half an hour Castiel returns to Naomi’s homestead, feeling no better, though at least worn enough to finally get to sleep. He opens the door to his room behind Naomi’s house, and he freezes.
For three days, Castiel mostly stays in the cellar, studying, poking through belongings, only surfacing once a day to tend to Angel.
Sam is off “stretching his legs”, something he does often when they’re on the road. Dean and Castiel know why Sam makes himself scarce, just like Sam surely knows what they’re doing the second he’s out of earshot.
” Dean mutters. It’s Latin, but Castiel’s ability to understand Latin tends to require it being written, not spoken. “Tell me who you are,” Dean hisses.
Castiel sits up to face Dean fully. “So… that’s what you and your brother do? You lay spirits to rest?”
The house is a little musty, mostly thanks to a half loaf of bread Castiel apparently forgot to throw out before leaving. He opens the windows, and instead of starting up a gas lamp he takes his jar of light out and sets it on the dresser on his side of his bedroom.
feels like something he can do. There’s a whole other world out there that he never knew of, he can’t pretend it doesn’t exist. If Dean doesn’t want to see Castiel following him, well… he just won’t follow him.
He was so sure he would find them here. Leavenworth was the first time he’d heard “they passed through here a couple days ago” instead of “they passed through here a few weeks ago”.
“He ain’t, though I always thought he’d be better suited to the craft. Magic is funny like that. My mom had the gift, and somehow I got it too. Now there’s other ways to gain those powers, but that tends to involve deals with demons, selling your soul, blood sacrifices, all sorts of nastiness. But I came by my powers honest, and I use them to help keep this land safer.”
“They’re special bullets, Cas. They can kill just about anything, but I haven’t been able to figure out how to make more.”
“Troublemakers,” Naomi says immediately. “Wouldn’t know where to find them now, but those boys were always trouble.”
Her home is large for this part of Kansas. Whomever Naomi’s late husband was, he must have been someone wealthy. The house has a range, a parlor, the privy in the back is made of brick, and upstairs Naomi has a large bedroom and a study. As for Castiel’s room, it’s a bit more rustic, though spacious. It’s not part of the main house, maybe for his privacy, maybe for Naomi’s protection. It’s not that much smaller than the house he has back home, though it’s only one room. A cotton-stuffed mattress on a bed with a metal frame, a table and desk by the single curtain-covered window, and a small tub. There’s no cookstove in here, though, so once his things are settled Naomi helps him fill the tub with a mix of cold and boiling water from the main house.
They don’t say anything, they just grin at each other, then down at Castiel before going in for the attack. One at his neck, one at each of his wrists. They bite down and the pain is intense, the smell of blood thick in the air. He struggles and grunts in pain, but there’s nothing he can do.
A few tense minutes pass before Castiel speaks again. “How did you know where I was? Or that I was in danger?”
When Castiel finally reaches Lawrence, he waits until night before getting close to the town, and risks tying Angel up outside the Winchester home instead of taking her to the livery. Better to reduce the chances of anyone noticing he’s here and ratting him out to Dean. He goes to the cellar entrance, pushing hard on that bolted down chair until it opens, and then he climbs his way down to the large, empty room hidden beneath the surface. He’s got food from a store over in Perry, composition notebooks, a couple of red cedar pencils, and he knows the Winchesters have fountain pens.
After that, the training begins. The Winchester house is fairly secluded, and Dean tells Castiel that no one ever comes around this area.
a lunatic? Which one of us walked in here and said he was a ghost back from the dead? That ain’t even how ghosts work. If you were
Castiel’s experience with men before Dean was fairly limited, but no man before him was so sensual, so free of the shame that follows so many men who love other men. It gives Castiel confidence, makes him feel more sexual than he normally would.
They’re back at the Winchester house, though not down in the cellar yet. Instead they’re out in the field Dean uses for training, lying on their backs with their coats rolled up as pillows. The sky is dark and full of stars, tonight, it’s mesmerizing.
Cas,” Dean says, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “Someone’s got a dirty mouth.” He crawls over Castiel, kissing him deep; another act Castiel wouldn’t have imagined himself doing before he met Dean. Kissing a lover that’s just brought him to completion with his mouth… obscene.
someone needs to teach you to fight before you go out again. And I saw your notebooks. You wrote down a lot of important shit, but there’s huge gaps in your knowledge.”
“The longer you hunt, the more likely it is that you’re going to do something that gets the attention of lawmen. That’s just how it is. Sammy and I are good at what we do and we still got on your brother’s radar. Sooner or later, you’re going to have your own wanted poster circulating. Can you live with that?”
“It was… enchanting,” Castiel says, not aware of the double meaning until Dean gets an odd look on his face.
But if it were truly nonsense, Castiel would be standing up right now, and he’s not. He’s lying on the floor in the dark, listening to the crickets in the distance, wondering if he’ll ever move again. It hurts, this position. His back is going to ache something fierce in a few hours, surely. Still, there’s nothing he can do about it. He hums old hymns that his mother used to sing, wishing he could at the very least fall asleep.
“I am,” Castiel says, scrambling out of the back of the cart. A good man, this Rufus. Tired and sweaty and still willing to bring a stranger along in his cart from Eudora. Castiel was glad for the reprieve, his legs are tired.
Dean lets out excited moans when Castiel kisses him, when he works Dean’s pants open. He spits into his palm, an act he once found appalling, then takes Dean in hand.
Lawrence is a different town at night. No people milling about, stores shuttered, everything but the dramshops closed up, dusty main road only somewhat visible under the light of the street’s gas lamps. The air is easier to breathe, the stars provide a less intrusive company than the sun, the air is cooler. Since Castiel doesn’t want to spare his coins on spirits, the saloons hold no interest for him, so there’s not really much to do other than walk peacefully and be alone with his thoughts.
“Anyway, for a long time, this town wasn’t loyal to me, or my family. There were a lotta rumors about us… mainly that my mom was a witch.”
“Long list of grievances from the state, most recently the murder of a deputy. Are you sure you haven’t seen them recently, Mr. —”
For a moment Dean lies there, sated, movements slow as one finger traces Castiel’s lips. He is distractingly beautiful as always.
It warms Castiel’s heart to know these people looked after Sam and Dean when they lost everything. “How remarkable… it makes me wonder…”
“Heard there was a deputy lookin’ for me,” the man says, setting the poster down. It’s then that Castiel sees his face, and his hand immediately goes for the gun holstered on his hip.
Castiel’s eyes are filling with tears, and his heart is too broken to feel ashamed. “I saw him that day, he… he’d been bathing, and he looked so sad about something. Wouldn’t tell me what, but he hugged me so tight. I thought maybe his case was getting to him, I had… he didn’t say goodbye.”
Except, Castiel has to reckon with the possibility that they are, that the things on this map exist.
There are so many creatures out in the world. Things that Castiel has only heard of in stories, things he hasn’t heard of at all. Part of him wants to curl up in a ball and never leave his home again and hope all the monsters leave him be, but the other part of him is so terribly
He wishes he had some of Naomi’s lemon scented soap to make his home smell fresher, but it does at least smell nicer than it did when he got home.
“I, uh… I hadn’t thought that far ahead,” Castiel stammers. “Are there… hunters stationed in Wichita?” He glances at Dean, and can’t help but think he looks a little sad. The look vanishes the moment they make eye contact, and Castiel wonders if it was ever even there.
Inside the house is apparently a dinner party of sorts. There are many people there milling about; talking, drinking, including Bobby Singer and Rufus, the man who let Castiel ride to Lawrence in his cart. Castiel supposes this means he and Bobby are back on speaking terms.
The wraith is dead, and the good people of Kingman can safely go to the town doctor without worrying they will mysteriously vanish. One of the first things that changed when Castiel started hunting with Sam and Dean was rotating which cities they visit. Kingman wasn’t part of their route before, who knows how many more that wraith would have killed if they hadn’t come.
Naomi lets out something nearing a laugh at the word “virtue”, but she nods. “Just so we understand each other. You can come and go from this room as you please, but the main house gets locked up before I turn in. If you need something from me, you’d best not need it in the middle of the night.”
After dinner and a serving of chamomile tea, Naomi tells Castiel to hurry off to bed, that he’ll want to hurry and get his chores out of the way early tomorrow if he has things to do in Lawrence.
Castiel mostly stays in the cellar, despite Dean’s assertions that he should get out. The people of Lawrence are clearly protective of Sam and Dean, Castiel learned that the day he first arrived, but he’s not sure how they’ll take to him. He’s not eager to find out yet.
Still, there are some important things he’s able to glean, themes that appear over and over in the books and in his notes. Salt, iron, and holy water are essentials. Along with that, it’s important to have something that makes fire quickly, a sharp and long blade like a machete, a rosary, and a charm to prevent demonic possession.
With an entire list of cities the Winchesters will visit and the likely order of those visits, Castiel decides he can afford to rest one more night before going after them.
They’re in an old barn, a few miles outside of Kingman. The farmhouse nearby is abandoned, damaged badly from some natural disaster, but the barn is in good repair. In lieu of candles, Dean has conjured a few lights. Without jars to contain them, they dance slowly around the room, circling overhead. Castiel has Dean pressed into a pile of loose, dusty old hay, the ratty plaid blanket from Dean’s bag doing very little to stop the straws of hay from poking their skin. They’re still mostly clothed, though Dean’s shirt is partially open so that Castiel can suck bruises into the warm, salty skin of his neck while his hand creeps lower, lower.
“I’m recovering,” Castiel says petulantly, slapping Dean’s hand away. Dean reaches down again, grabbing both of Castiel’s hands and pulling until he whines and stands.
“Also true. Usually we’re good at what we do, you know, but if you get sloppy, or if things go sideways… it draws attention.”
It’s still dark when Castiel wakes. He’s not sure what woke him, but he knows he’s not alone. He rolls over onto his back. Dean’s sitting just a foot or two away, propped up against the tree, watching Castiel in the light of the moon.
Eventually, the night ends. Several hunters leave with Donna, who apparently lives nearby in a similarly large house, while others bed down at Bobby’s. Castiel expects Sam to come back with him and Dean, but he doesn’t.
Castiel leaps to his feet, ready to attack— except he doesn’t. He doesn’t get to his feet, he doesn’t attack, he just lies there, staring at Dean. He can’t move, Castiel can’t move.
Maybe he gets careless, maybe that’s why he when he finally finds a dried puddle of blood on the ground he gets distracted, doesn’t see it coming when a vampire jumps down from the rafters of the old barn he’s in. Then a second. Then a third.
Dean looks startled, he almost smiles before he seems to remember that he’s angry. “You’ve been out for two days and
Being with Dean elevates Castiel in every way, and he’s terribly grateful. He’d articulate this, but perhaps he should give Dean a break from the praise. Instead he continues to work Dean in slow strokes, moaning softly against Dean as his hand grows slicker.
“I have a house in Wichita, I wouldn’t say I have a life there,” he says. Their voices are hushed, even though there’s no one for miles around. “I could see… I could see myself sticking around. Seeing as I’m your… apprentice, and all.”
It’s no matter. Castiel found them before, finding them with a literal list of the cities they visit will surely not be as difficult.
On the fourth day after Dean’s visit, Castiel comes to grips with the fact that he wants answers, and he won’t get them in this little room. After he does his chores and has breakfast with Naomi, Castiel uses Jimmy’s badge to get himself into the town’s records room at city hall. He goes through page after dusty page. Unfortunately, there’s a lot of poor organization and large amounts of information missing. The city clerk warned Castiel about this; a lot of private records were lost in the raids back during the war. It’s hours before Castiel finally finds something relevant.
Dean’s eyebrows raise. He looks almost amused. “Stole your brother’s badge to track us all over Kansas?”
to do this. Instead of drifting through life missing his brother, he can make Jimmy’s death mean something. If Castiel can save just one life with his newfound knowledge… it would mean Jimmy’s death wasn’t in vain.
The man’s eyes twitch, just barely. “I know em’. Got Sam’s nose all wrong there,” he says, tapping the poster.
wasn’t there a moment ago. Sam yells something, and swings an object at the man. It’s getting too dark to tell; a crowbar, maybe.
An hour passes, and the door to his room opens. Castiel would turn to look at whoever is coming in, but of course he can’t.
The third day Castiel is home, he packs some clothes, supplies, and his jar of light, then he gets Angel and leaves for Concordia.
A vampire, Castiel is certain of it. What else would drain blood from their victims? And only attacks when the sun has gone down? Until Castiel broke into the cellar to read those books, he’d thought vampires were a fiction. A product of stories like Carmilla or Varney the Vampire, morbid Victorian stories full of blood and seduction.
Castiel feels his cheeks heat up before the occupants blessedly turn their attention back to each other.
“Ghosts can’t hold a gun, and wolves don’t leave behind ghosts. What are you? Not decayed enough to be a revenant, don’t reek like a demon… you a ghoul? Knew we shoulda burned your body, but
know what he’s doing. He’s got one gun and no idea what’s out there. Investigating might get him killed right off the bat. He may be depressed and reckless, but he’s not looking to die. Especially if it’ll involve being torn to pieces. He spends the day talking to people, taking notes. One woman, a saloon owner, seems particularly unbothered by the attacks.
“Singer,” the man says, “and no. I’m in charge of this drugstore, not much time to keep up with local felons.”
He circles the pile of rubble a few times before going to the pile itself and starts moving things around, kicking up clouds of dust as he goes. Any wood that survived the fire is rotten, there are certainly no documents, and there appears to be a surplus of spiders. The only interesting things Castiel finds is a burned metal chair frame that seems to be secured to the floor, and a cast iron pan, rusted and far too heavy to be worth taking. He sighs, standing at what he assumes is the back of the house and staring at the floor. This truly was pointless.
There’s nowhere to sleep in the church other than the pews, and despite the reverend giving Castiel a comfortable blanket, it is not the nicest night of sleep he’s ever had. Maybe someday church pews will have cushions, like an indoor bench or a daybed. Castiel smiles, the thought of more comfortable church seating helping him to fall asleep.
The lore also says vampires will eschew the sun unless absolutely necessary, as it causes significant pain. Sunlight is not known to kill them, however, and the best way to kill a vampire is to sever the head.
When night falls, Castiel opts to seek shelter at the local church. He’d rather spend a night uncomfortable in God’s house than risk sleeping outdoors, though if it were allowed he’d just curl up in a corner of Angel’s stable at the town’s livery.
It’s then that Castiel notices the disruption in the even coverage of dust on the floor, under and around the chair. The dust definitely seems thinner here, in an area of maybe four square feet.
“Magic’s got a price, you know. Sometimes it’s a small price; herbs, a drop of blood, a handful of sand… but punching a hole in reality so I can travel halfway across Kansas with
“You’ll be bathing first for certain,” Naomi Adler says as she leads Castiel through her home. “Mattresses don’t come cheap and I won’t have you stinking mine up, Deputy.”
“It’s been awful, just awful.” The woman behind the drugstore counter is in a thick black dress, her eyes puffy from crying sometime within the past hour or so. “Fourteen dead in under two months, can you imagine that in such a small town?”
"I'm aware of the situation Azazel but she is with me and no harm will come to her. Will you protect her like you protect me?" I ask it in an extremely formal way so I know I can get his word on protecting her and not being one of the demons that would try and murder her. He stands up straighter and bows down low to me.
I sigh as I fold up the letter again and slip it back under all my legal documents, not being able to bring myself to throw it in the fire. I knew that I would never be able to give that letter to Castiel and especially not now seen as I am married but it made me feel better, it made me have that one shred of hope that Castiel and I could be together one day…
"Oh Dean, f-faster." He manages to moán out and i try to pump my hand faster all the while his own hand had slipped into my own leggings and had begun to do the same routine as I was. Our bodies were thrustíng agaist each others and i looked up at Cas above me to see his forehead was glistening with sweat as he pánted away, his mouth parted open and his eyes tightly shut. "P-please." He begged but i didn't paticularly know what he was begging for until he began coming into my hand and inside of his leggings, shouting out my name loudly as he did so.
“I know.” He says simply, nodding his head and I gulp down a fresh set of tears, wanting to appear strong and reluctant to give up on him. “Can I hear her again?” He asks me, looking at me stomach and I look at him in shock before looking down at my bump.
“I think he may be my fathers.” I grunt, not letting the fact get to me as I feel a shiver down my spine.
“Yes! That’s him! Castiel huh?” I was impressed by the name and thought that he must be a higher ranking angel as these are the only ones with the unique names. Lower angels have normal names such as Hannah or Tom.
"Get off." I mumble out and he shakes his head before running a hand through my hair, making it even more messy then it was before.
"Excuse me ladies, have any of you seen Anna by any chance?" I ask and they look at me in confusion.
"Have you come out to the woods to play, Little Red?" He asked me and i roll my eyes and sit down in front of him on the grass as i always do. However this time he came to sit on the grass as well which he has never done before, so i was taken aback.
"Yes alright! I don't know how to seduce you! I've never done this type of thing before!" He snaps and then a glimmer of sadness and hopelessness fills his eyes.
“Castiel is coming with us baby girl, it will all make sense soon but for now I need you to go pack okay?” I say, smiling at the little girl as she nods her head suspiciously and turns to Castiel.
"Dean, that's what an illegitimate child is. A bastard. I'm not insulting her!" He defends himself as I glare at him for calling baby girl a bastard. "So that also means that people are going to try and kill her."
He hadn’t changed much, he still was rough skinned and sexy to the bone. His jawline was high and his eyes were wide and still as green as the day Castiel had first met him. Dean’s hair looked like it had gotten darker which was probably because of the climate change and how it had actually gotten colder, making his hair change darker in the process.
"Oh Cas..." He says, resting his elbow on the table and pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. I gulp slightly but don't take my eyes off him as i give him a sad look. "Don't look at me like that."
“Meet me tonight? We shall have dinner in my chambers.” She nods and opens her mouth to speak but my father calls me over. I kiss her hand before walking over to him to hear what he has to say.
"Because that is my name." I say bluntly and she bursts into tears right in front of me. Something inside of me tugs and hurts my chest slightly at the sight but i decide to ignore it, instead focusing on her.
"I was wondering if I could ask you a favour?" I say cautiously, taking baby girl out of Amelia's hands and looking at her seriously. She nods and perks an eyebrow up curiously. "I was wondering, if anybody asks that you say you found her at the doorstep of the angel courtyard while you were doing your daily run?"
"Oh..." We both go silent for a minute, both looking at everything and anything but each other until Dean finally breaks the silence.
“You’re eager.” I growl and he whines before gripping my hips and sliding his hands around and grab my ass in his hands. I lean down to kiss him gently before sliding his own tunic and blouse off slowly and trailing kisses down his body and towards his abdomen. I bit into the elastic on his leggings and slid them down with my teeth and he groaned as his erectíon was released of the clothing. I pulled them off the rest of the way before climbing back up him and kissing him again passionately, one hand holding his hip and the other one running through his messy hair. He wraps his legs around me and pulls me down closer towards him so our erectíons brush against one another’s, making us both moan and buck slightly towards each other. I hadn’t been felt like this in so long and being with Castiel made it so much better, his body heat flowing from him and his smell was intoxicating.
“Yes!” We have this argument almost every single night. I tell her to go to bed, she tells me ‘no’ I say yes. She says no and so on.
“I don’t think that would be such a good idea. He told me he never wanted to see me again and who can blame him. I should have stayed with him and ran away with him when I had the chance.”
"I'm eight summers old! And you look no older yourself." I object and pout slighty at him while he just smirks.
“Yeah, that’s probably a good idea.” Leliel nods, picking skin of the berry that was stuck between her teeth casually and Castiel couldn’t help but grin at her and shake his head in disbelief at the eccentricity of the woman. Just then Emandriel comes out into the garden and giggles when she see’s Castiel. “Oh goodness, she is annoying isn’t she?” Leliel says loudly and Emandriel sends her a death glare. Gabriel laughs out loud then and Castiel tries to hold back a grin from his face.
"She's beautiful." Dean says, smiling at me but there is something behind his smile, something behind is eyes. I think back to the time where he told me he loved me and the time that i had said it back. Did he really love me? Did i really love him? I just didn't know, i knew i loved my wife but this demon, the half angel and half demon had just strutted into my life, picked me up and carried me over his shoulder, turning my life upside down.
"Thank you little brother. Now I have got a job to do." He grinned at me before walking over to the group of men and within minutes they were all in stitches.
"I don't know." I whisper and wipe my face again, hoping to get rid of the acidy substance. It burnt my face when it ran down it and I assumed it must be the salt within it, not knowing how it got there at all.
For a whole day and night we stayed in the same spot. I couldn’t move and I could feel myself getting weaker by the minute. I knew I was going to die and I just hoped that someone would come along and save us, or at least save her. I put her in a basket that I had made out of wood and grass and wrapped her tightly in the blanket. I kissed her forehead and she slowly shut those big beautiful blue eyes of hers, drifting off to sleep. I wept then, going over to the river bank and sitting down, turning so my little girl was still in eyesight. I laid down on the bank and put my hand to my heart before shutting my eyes.
"Call me Dean." I tell her. "I think I'm going to be needing you a lot over the next year or so." She smiles back and nods.
"As good as she'll ever be. Eating, playing, sleeping and pooping." I laugh at her comment before planting a kiss on my daughters head.
“Oh Cas,” He says. “How I’ve missed you, my angel.” His chest heaves slightly as a sob tries to escape but Dean doesn’t let it.
“Lay with me, you look tired darling.” She says, unfolding the covers on her side of the bed. I looked down at it before looking at her and shaking my head.
"That was rude, angelcakes." He says, the grin not leaving his face and i keep my pokerface, straight on my face, pouting up at him. He leans down and kisses me passionately, licking my bottom lip to grant enterance into my mouth. Reluctantly i opened up and let him take me in, his tongue shoving roughly into my mouth. His thumb rubbed against my jawline while his other hand slowly went down in between my legs, cupping me roughly before he began palming me. His hands were rough against me, desperate and out of any sequence but that didn't stop it feeling good.
"Why?" He asks, hiding behind his hands and i stride over to him and pick him up by his neck, holding him above the ground at arms length.
“I will fly out first and you leave through the front doors and start riding out towards the woods. We will meet you at the border. Ride as fast as you can.” I nod to his commands and he leads Valentina out of the room where as I leave it for a few minutes before following them and going down to the grand hall and walking out of the main entrance. The angels look at me suspiciously but I give them no reason to follow me, I pretend to look sad as I hop on the horse and ride out of the city without a backwards glance.
“Wow Sam, tell us what you really feel.” Gabriel says sarcastically and grins at the little demon… tall demon but he was young, so little.
"Oh no sire, she wasn't a human either. She was an angel; she was one of our own." My mouth dropped open in shock and a lump formed in my throat.
"So, what do you say?" I ask, grinning slightly and walking slowly towards him. "Would you like that your highness," I lean in to whisper in his ear. "-for me to fuck you."
"Doesn't look like you're alone." She says, stepping around me and walking over to Dean. "Hello, I'm Leliel, Queen of the Angels."
“Sorry.” He mumbles and I smile in triumph before starting to climb off of him but he grab hold of my hips and pulls me back down. “You’re not going anywhere.”
"So you thought that you could put more stress on me just so the other angels wouldn't have any. How kind of you." I mock and he looks up at me.
"A-angel." He stutters out, sitting up and making me complain slightly. My eyes tried focusing on the beautiful features of his face rather than the beautiful features of something else that was only a few inches down.
"I hope so too." With that i run off back to my house where dada is stood outside with his arms crossed.
“Oh my goodness.” I gasp and the beautiful figure smiled at me. “What is a mermaid doing in a lake?” I ask her and he just shrugs before coming up the bank and resting his elbows onto it as she puts her chin in her hands. “Is there more of you?”
“Thank you my highness.” She says elegantly, fluttering her eyelashes slightly. I smile at her and pour her some wine into a goblet.
“Yes I do, you want to be above me? I knew father was bringing in sex slaves but I didn’t know how kinky they were going to be.” I joked but the angel pursed his lips and slowly scooped up the clothing before turning his back on me and walking back out of the room. “Wait!”
"We should go." Gabriel says quickly as Michael walks in, marching up to us. He looked like he had business on his mind so I nod and smile sadly once again at Dean, wishing that I could give him one last kiss before he leaves. He just nods at me and winks before grabbing onto Gabriel and swooping up into the air and disappearing out of sight. I sigh as I keep looking upwards even long after they are gone before Michael cleared his throat making me turn my attention on him.
"Anael came for a visit to the hideout near Turpixy." He said mildly and I look at him with my eyebrows raised.
"WHAT?!" Dean called back finally and she burst into our room. We both quickly reached towards the covers and pulled them up our waist so everything was covered as she skipped in and hopped on to bed. Dean stiffened slightly and edged away from her while i was still trying to cover myself up awkwardly.
He then leaves the room, leaving me alone to my thoughts. I belonged to a demon and not just any demon, a demon prince. Everything was working out just how it should do, mine and Gabriel’s plan going down perfectly. I smirked to myself as I jumped out of his bed, the pain wasn’t nearly as bad as a made out for Dean to believe but it was still there. I looked in the mirror to check out the hand print and it was red-raw. The clothes I wore for being a slave would attract attention to the mark seen as I wore no tunic or shirt but that is exactly what I wanted everyone to believe. That I belonged to some preppy demon prince. Well they had another thing coming, every single one of them.
“You will never speak to me like that again, Slave!” She hissed and Gabriel picked up the bitten into apple of the floor and began eating it again. She glared at him and he shrugged once again.
"I will protect her with my life your majesty." I smile at him broadly and clap him on the shoulders before walking back into the chambers just as baby girl is finishing off her meal.
"No Dean! I want him to be friends with me because he wants to, not because he had to." Samuel argued and I rolled my eyes. "Look, just because you don't believe they have thoughts and feelings doesn't mean that I think that as well! I don't know why you have so much against angels, it's not as if they are going to overthrow us. We have taken everything off them."
"Shut your mouth and your eyes." He commands. I rolls my eyes but shut them anyway, hearing him rummaging around and making weird grunting noises. "Okay, open them now."
"Hello Val." I reply back politely. "Would you like your present?" She took a deep breath in and nodded, shuffling on her feet excitedly. She got closer towards me but stopped when i held out my hand to reveal to her the ruby.
"And there was me thinking that you prefered me just wearing nothing but a piece of fabric around my waist." I snorted and he let out a small smile and shook his head.
I see a troll bending over a lifeless body and start running towards it, screaming bloody murder. It tries to fight me but one clawing of my powerful hand, i rip it's heart right out and make it explode, leaving no remnents of it apart from the skin, bones and blood that made the trees turned red with its blood. I look down on Valentina who was sprawled among the red roses, blood gushing from her body.
“I don’t really want too to be honest with you Winchester.” Castiel says, inspecting his fingernails casually. “I think I’m having fun here, especially on the nights.” He smirks again and I can’t help but return it.
"I had to do it without your permission Michael, because I knew that you would have never allowed me to do what I have done. I have wooed the prince you know? He will probably ask for my hand in marriage any day now."
“There is something wrong with me Castiel.” I mutter, choking down tears that had unexpectedly sprung up to my eyes.
“Interesting? It was utter bullshit. He didn’t even react to his wife being an angel but instead told Castiel’s wife that he was in love with him instead. What is wrong with that bloody demon?”
"When i went to hug you i accidenly chucked the ring." She says, standing up and started to look around on the grass.
“I don’t know, but I don’t think I will be coming back.” With that Castiel kisses the forehead of his brother, bids farewell to him and walks towards me, beckoning me to follow him. I do so and we go towards Valentina’s room where she is packing her things excitedly. Castiel had bought her toys, clothes, bedding and all other kinds of different jewels and items which she treasured to the bottom of her heart. She places them all slowly and gently in her bag and Castiel lifts his fingers up to hurry the process along but I stop him.
"I would rather kill one demon and have a whole angel army alongside me then keep that demon alive and feel your wrath." He replies truthfully and I let a small smile slip onto my face.
“Then I’m not going anywhere. I could sit here all night.” I move my hips slightly to try and get comfortable but he gasps as I do so, a blush creeping up his neck. I feel his cock hardening through his leggings and raise my eyebrows at him, grinning mischievously. “Well hello your highness.”
"Not yet." I hissed and hit his prostate a few more times with my fingers before finally pulling them out all together. He lay there panting and groaning at the loss if the fingers and I rubbed his hole a bit to ease the soreness. I then positioned myself above him and put one of his legs over my shoulder while holding the other one with my hand next to my waist. I looked down at the desperate mess beneath me and smirked before starting to slide into his now looser arsehole. He gritted his teeth and brought his hands up to grip onto the headboard above him, shutting his eyes tightly which made me think about how pretty he was like this. How beautiful he was squirming beneath me and begging for my own erection to be inside him. He gasped and panted as I went down on him slowly and when I was finally all the way in I again stopped to let him get used to my size.
I find the tent easily enough but unfortunately there are two guards placed outside the front of it playing cards. There was no way I was getting into his tent unless I ripped part of the fabric with my knife around the back of it. And that is exactly what I did. I snuck round the back of the net and after checking that the coast was clear and ripped a tear in the back of it which was big enough to fit me though. I stuck my head in first to check again if the coast was clear and I saw only a single candle burning low next to a bundle of expensive fabric. It as moving up and down steadily so I knew that the king was asleep but this wasn't going to stop me any time soon so I snuck in and walked over to the sleeping angel slowly and quietly. When I got to him and knelt down and watched him sleep, his eyes flickering to a dream he was having and I smiled in adoration at the man. I brought a hand to his face and gently caressed it making him fidget in his sleep slightly before turning over and letting the fabric fall from his body so now it showed me one smooth naked leg which I couldn't help but run my hand along. My hands were cold and Castiel gasped at the touch, letting his eyes flicker open slightly and looking at me in a daze.
"It's not you." She says stubbornly, shaking her head and letting a tear drop from her eye. I don't answer her, just look deep into her eyes that still have life in them. I couldn't kill her today, it was too easy, she was too vunerable. I would leave it for another day. "Tell me it's not you!" She screamed and i sighed.
“Better you being caught then having this conversation with you. You know that this-“ I point to the two of us. “-is impossible right. We can’t be together and we never will be together. You’re a demon and I’m an angel and I know I keep using that as an excuse but that is only because that is the most valid excuse anyone can ever give someone. Also before you say that your mother was an angel and she married a demon, which was different. She fell from grace and I am not prepared to do that, not even if it’s for someone whom I love dearly.” He stands there looking at me like he is about to cry but finally nods his head and looks down at the floor.
"S-sorry." I groan into the pillow and he runs a hand along my back and lets it rest on my ass for a second, squeazing it tightly. Soon after, he pushes into my slowly, making me gasp out at the sudden fullness. "D-dean! Oh god, please fuck me."
“No reason? I’ve been sitting her cooped up for two whole years, waiting for something bad to happen. It’s sending me absolutely crazy!”
“Well I’m glad you think so Sasquatch, you know exactly what a guy like me wants to hear.” He grins broadly and I laugh at him.
Dada was getting frustrated about something while papa was ignoring him while stirring some soup with a ladle that hung over the fire. Dada got angry kicked one of the dining chair which made it smash into pieces. I jumped back and whimpered at this which made papa angry at dada for scaring me.
“This?” I hold the necklace up and he nods his head slightly. “My father gave it to me, said that my mother had given it to me.”
“Val, if you don’t go to bed, Dada is going to eat you.” She drops her mouth in shock as I put three fingers up. “Three.” She backs away from me. “Two.” She jumps a bit on her feet. “ONE!” She squeals as I run after her, pretending to fall over as I do so.
"SHUT UP!" I shout at them and they both turn to me apologetically and shut their mouths. "Everyone else is bickering and I don't need it from you!"
"I will." I say before i can stop the words slipping out of my mouth. I don't know what made me agree on meeting her again, something inside me just wanted to see her again but i had no idea what it was. Before i knew it she was running off, backwards so she could look at me and wave before turning around and disappearing behind the trees. For the first time in years and years i had felt a calmness settle over me, something that hadn't occured since before the day i lost Leliel and my daughter. My heart twanged when i thought of my little girl, i knew now that i would never see her again. I sigh and turn away from the border, walking back out of the woods and towards my white horse that had waited from me beside the forest. I stroke its mane and put my forehead on his hard head, closing my eyes.
“Daddy!” The little girl shouted and Dean stiffened, tears suddenly pouring out of his eyes as his little girl cried his name. The girl came running towards them and for a moment, just a moment Castiel thought that she was actually coming towards them and was just going to jump on Dean and hug him tightly. However, not all things could be happy that day. The girl ran straight past the two men and towards a man and a woman stood side by side together. The little girl ran up to her dad and jumped on him like Valentina used to do to Dean oh so long ago.
"Okay Val, please come downstairs when you're ready." Pops says softly. He was always the calm and gentle one. As if he was still the brilliant king of the angels he once was so long ago.
"I-i'm sorry." She whispers and blushes before looking away. I look at her in disbelief, my eyes still wide as they were before, my lips parted open slightly. She glanced at my face quickly and blushed a deeper shade of red before getting up and running away as quick as possible, leaving me sat on the grass, looking after her running away, back into the woods and to her secluded, safe little home with her demon and angel fathers.
“Yes, I suppose she was.” I looked back at her and she was talking to some of the warriors about their adventures.
“WHERE ARE THEY?” He screamed but everyone stayed silent. He looked around and noticed me riding up to them. “Well?”
"Don't worry about losing the slave; you'll get a new one." She shrugs and I take my hands and forehead away from her, stepping back slightly. She looks at me in confusion but I just smile back sadly.
“Shit Dean!” He cried out loudly and I shut him up my kissing him roughly and my fíngers brushed against his próstate a few times. He held onto the back of my head tightly, running his hands through my hair and throwing his head back and arching his back while a strained tear slipped from his eyes and ran towards the mattress.
“You do deserve better.” I mutter, rubbing my forehead. “But I will not let you take away our daughter.”
Dean Winchester was grinning as his colleagues as they all laughed at a joke he just made, showing his white teeth to Castiel. Nothing about him had changed much, apart from his hair and the clothes he wore. He wondered if his personality had changed and debated whether to approach the table.
"There is nothing I could do. Castiel belonged to my father first and there is nothing i can do about that."
“I don’t like the fact that my father makes you wear them.” I scrunch my nose us at the fabric and he looks down at himself.
"Then so be it, you will marry her. However demon women are very funny about having sex with someone who has no experience, you may want to change that." He forewarned and I looked at him with confusion clouding my eyes.
"Actually there was something my lady." I say seriously and her smile dropped and her chest heaved as she breathe in heavily.
There were millions upon millions more of them now, like suddenly the world had become over populated with humans and angels and demons had been pushed into the background, most humans thinking that they are not real or thinking that they cannot be seen by the human eye when in actual fact, they were walking among them.
"Okay." He turns to Valentina and raises his voice a little. "C'mon Val, time to go." He tells her and she moans and complains as we start walking towards the forest again. Before i enter i take one last look up at the manor on the hill and it seemed as if a dark looming cloud stood over it, making it look darker then it really was. That's demons for you.
Fingers were running through hair and gripping onto shirts while their legs crossed with one another’s; Castiel with his right led between Dean’s and Dean’s with his left leg between Castiel’s They didn’t even care who walked in because at the end of the day, why would they? If it was someone important they could just wipe their memories anyway so they were going to be as loud as they bloody well pleased. Ten thousand fucking years without sex with each other, who expects them to be quiet?
“But you said that angels are lower than us father! You said I wasn’t allowed to associate myself with them.” I say innocently but am happy with the fact that he told me to go make friends with the angels. I’ve always been very intrigued by them and wanted to know more about their culture.
“It was meant to be a compliment.” I say calmly. “But you demons don’t understand the meaning of that do you.”
"Well, how do you know that it is love?" She asks and i take my hands away to look up to the sky, sighing and watching the white clouds drift over the blue background.
“Yes your highness.” I keep circling my hips and he grabs hold of them, not knowing what else to do with his hands. His eyes are tightly shut and I decide to use this to my advantage, bringing my face down to his once again and kissing him square on the lips. He doesn’t pull back or flinch but instead starts kissing me back eagerly, wanting more. He bucks his hips up but I hold them down, firmly in place.
"She will grow up one day Dean, and I no one comes to claim her then she will be yours. You also need to figure out what you're going to tell everyone." I grimace slightly as I try and come up with a solution to the predicament.
"What will he do?" Dean asks quickly,shuffling uncomfortably in his seat. God frowns and leans back in his chair slight, scratching his chin in ponder.
"Oh my Lucifer, Dean. You're so maternal." Sam laughs and I just shrug and ignore his comment. Maybe I was maternal; I've never seen anything so damn cute in all my life. Except for Castiel of course but I wasn't thinking about that at the present time. "You need to get her a crib Dean, she can't sleep in your arms all night."
"You gotta suck me Cas, moisten me up." He says, beckoning towards his own untouched erection. With the spare amount of energy i have, i change positions so i am now sat on my knees facing him before ducking my head down urgently. My mouth wraps around him and i saliva his shaft up, readying it for what he slides it inside of me. With my hand i start rubbing the parts that i can't get my mouth to and i hear him moan out in ecstasy, clutching hold of my hair and pulling it slightly, pushing my head down as far as it could do. Just when he is on the brink of coming in my mouth he suddenly pulls my head up and gasps at the loss.
“I have been looking for her for 7 years.” He says, his voice cracking slightly and I nod my head in understanding. “You have no idea what it is like to lose your own daughter and think she is dead for 7 years, I was so angry and upset.” He looks back up at me and shakes his head.
"What do you think the slaves are for?" He snapped and just before he walked out of the room he turned to me and said; "choose wisely because you're going to be spending a lot of time with them if you want to perfect yourself for Anael."
"I should of known. Of course a demon wouldn't help one of us, of course a demon wouldn't know right from wrong even in his own court. You do realise there are rules against sleeping with another mans slave right?" He asks and I shrug. "Your father hasn't actually proclaimed Castiel as his slave yet, so you just need to do it first and then he can't touch him!"
"We have found the star!" He calls in victory and the demons shout out in triumph. Crowley walked up to the star and with almighty strength, pulls it from the ground. He hisses in pain and almost drops it but is careful to quickly wrap it up in a strong fabric. "It's still hot."
“All set, we can move.” I say to him simply before walking off and going to my beautiful black Impala. I stroked her mane and this seemed to calm me down enormously before I hopped on her saddle, whistles for my army to pack up and follow me before setting off, back to Lawrence.
"Answer the question, Castiel. Don't play around." He eyebrows were furrowed but her eyes were wide, giving me a sort of puppy dog look. I mumbled something out and she hit me across the shoulder. "Stop mumbling."
"I haven't been in here since Leliel died." I tell him outside my chambers, looking at the door sadly.
"I want to know who killed my family, angelis." I say to my horse, or more to myself. "I need to find them, i need to kill them. What should i do?" I straightned up and coughed slightly before shaking my head. "Look at me, i'm going crazy. Speaking to a horse? What next, hugging a troll?"
“It doesn’t really matter how far, I can use my powers to remove some of the trees and build a relatively large house while you can cover us in darkness with your magic.” He says and I nod my head.
"This is the type of things that I mean. He gets shocked, scared and he is even sometimes kind an recourseful. Perhaps there is something wrong with him." Michael shakes his head and looks down sadly.
Dada says that King's Castiels wings are the only one of its kind. He says that he is the only angel with pure black wings, and the only angel who's wingspan was over 12ft. Most angels have their wingspan at six feet per wing but apparently King Castiel's wingspan was seven or eight feet. It made me feel all warm inside when i thought about angels or King Castiel, i wasn't sure why but it made me feel safe that angels were in the world. Dada told me never to be scared of angels but instead to be wary of them. Never trust them until you know you can but oh how i wished i could meet one. It would be my dream.
“Not really, just a mind trick is all.” I blinked and my eyes were suddenly back to normal, the blue in them vivid as ever in contrast with the black.
“I know you are, but I promise you we will be happy.” I tell him, planting a soft kiss on his lips and he melts into it straight away, bringing his hands down to my waist and holding me there. “Can I see Val?” I ask after we part and he nods his head before turning around and walking out of the study with me following closely behind. We go down the spiral staircase and towards the courtyards where I assumed Val would be. We walk outside to the beautiful courtyard and I see her playing with Gabriel, making a flower crown for him while he moodily sits on the ground and lets her put flowers and plat’s in his hair. She looks up at us and gasps before running over to me and jumping on me, squealing loudly.
"YOU BASTARD!" Dean shouted, breaking hold of the angels grip on him and running towards me first in command. However before he could get past me and grabbed hold of him, pulling him towards me chest and squeezing him tightly so he couldn't get any closer. Dean struggled for a moment before his body finally went limp in my arms and he started sobbing into my chest. I held him close for a few more minutes, not knowing if he was deceiving me on not before finally letting him go. He stood up straight and finally wiped the tears from his eyes that had been burning his face due to the salt.
After hours of pain, she was out. In the world with her big bright blue eyes and wavy dark hair. I looked at her as I washed her and wrapped her in a warm blanket and all I could see in her was Castiel. I cried then, I cried so hard at the fact that he couldn’t meet her. I was so weak also, I couldn’t move and I knew if a demon, troll or ogre came I wouldn’t be able to fight them off. I would try but I knew I wouldn’t succeed. I couldn’t let my daughter go about this world alone so I stayed alive for her, holding her in my weak arms as I cradled her to my chest. I tried feeding her multiple times and each time she complied, suckling on my breast.
“Don’t worry about it Castiel, come on! I’ll show you were my father’s quarters are.” With that he started walking off quickly and I struggled to keep up with him carrying the heavy bucket of water. He stopped suddenly outside a door that was guarded by two fierce looking demons and pointed at it. “Here we are.”
“You idiot! Those jewels were from across the seas, they were in the museum for safe keeping and you chiselling them apart!” His mouth dropped open and his eyes went wide in horror, tears welling up in them.
I wake up the next morning feeling better then i have done in a long time. My eyes were still tightly shut and my mouth was curved upwards into a smile as warm quilts as well as Dean's arms are wrapped around me comfortably, making me warm and cosy against the morning chill drifting in through the fireplace but it wasn't hitting me at all, i was so comfortable...
Castiel puts his hand over the woman’s the way people did for him when Jimmy died. “I am so sorry for your loss.”
Castiel shakes his head and smiles. “It’s alright. And technically, the werewolf didn’t kill my brother, Dean did.”
Dean continues glaring at the floor, but now his cheeks are turning pink. “None of your business, that’s how.”
That theory is dashed to bits as Sam and Dean come bursting through that strange rift. The light vanishes, and Dean drops like a sack of potatoes, while Sam immediately grabs the discarded machete from the ground and slices the head off the vampire feeding from Castiel’s neck. The other two vampires freeze, staring at their fallen companion before leaping to their feet. Sam is fast, though, and he takes care of them before they can even attack. It happens in seconds, and even though he’s bleeding out on a dirty floor, Castiel can’t help but feel impressed.
Castiel turns his head toward Dean to find him doing the same. The moon is nearly full, it illuminates his features so beautifully. “Do you really mean that?” Castiel says softly.
“Ghouls,” Castiel repeats, trying to remember what he’s learned. “Shapeshifting corpse eaters, right?”
He rides Angel around the outskirts of Cherryvale, checking abandoned and poorly attended properties for any signs of vampires, and finds nothing. Over and over, he finds nothing. No blood, no corpses, no vampire. The sun will be getting low soon, and Castiel fully intends to be indoors when darkness falls. There’s an inn nearby that looks a little expensive, but hopefully is safe.
One of the jars of light, which he wraps in cloth until the light can’t be seen. Four bullets he found in a small box, bullets etched with the same pentagram as the one on Jimmy’s other gun. He even takes a few coins from under one of the beds.
The room’s been like this for months, and every time Castiel has come home it hurts to look at. Almost as much as it hurts to think about discarding Jimmy’s belongings. Maybe, though, maybe it’s time to finally stop leaving the room looking like Jimmy will be home any minute.
“More like a calling. Once in a while we do get paid, but… not everyone reacts all calm like you when they hear about ghosts and witchcraft. More than one hunter’s been shot or strung up because people got scared.”
. I don’t suppose you have some sort of spell to turn this pile of hay into a pile of goose down or duck feathers?”
“So… how is the town so loyal to you? When I was posing as a deputy, no one here would give you up, not even Naomi, who doesn’t seem to care for you at all.”
Before Castiel heads into Singer’s Goods, he straightens himself up a little, dusts off his hat, and takes Jimmy’s old vest out of his bag. It’s all sorts of illegal, but Castiel’s found it’s easier to get information out of people when they think he’s the law, rather than some morose looking drifter. People also hassle him less about being clean shaven and carrying a gun.
Unfortunately, even after three days of intense studying Castiel feels like he’s learned very little. There are no guides, no way to know which books hold the most relevant information. Castiel was reading one book for over half an hour before he realized it was actually a fictional novel that had gotten mixed in with the other books.
Dean groans loudly, and Castiel grins, settling back onto the blanket and watching the lights slowly drift around the room.
A bright, blue light that grows quickly until it’s larger than a person. In the light, Castiel could swear he sees a forest, horses. Like someone tore a hole in the world and inside was a forest… that makes no sense. This must be what dying is like.
Dean gets a bit keyed up after a successful hunt, even the times he’s simultaneously exhausted. It’s the joy that comes from knowing one’s calling in life, from pursuing that calling. Castiel feels it too, though not to the degree that Dean does. There are moments, when Dean is gripping a machete while coated in vampire blood, or when his body is glowing as he channels the power of nature, that Castiel believes Dean was well and truly born for this life.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say, so he doesn’t say anything, just leans against Dean and keeps his eyes on the setting sun.
“He was tracking us for a long time. Came close a few times, even snatched Sam’s Colt. I don’t know if he’d figured out what we do, but he was close. It was my fault. I thought we’d lost him over in Wichita, I didn’t realize it was his hometown. He was following us and got attacked by the werewolf we were tracking.”
He gets a good mile from the cemetery before he’s willing to stop walking. In order to not go the same way as the Winchesters, he had to go the opposite direction, which took him even further out of town. There’s nothing nearby other than a few trees and dry grassy meadows. Castiel would rather be indoors, away from… whatever the hell that thing in the cemetery was, but he’s tired, and it’s probably too late in the night to find a place to stay anyway. He walks off the main road into one of the fields, stopping when he gets to a tree. There’s a lot he should do, but he’s physically and emotionally exhausted, so all he does is curl up around his pack and go to sleep on the cold, scratchy ground.
“Yeah, I do. I know you’ve got a place back in Wichita, maybe a life there. But I just want you to know... you’ve got a place here too.”
“Yeah, except these ones were coming after the living. You’d think they’d leave the living be... war left a lot of dead around these parts. Anyway… people started disappearing, dying. Bodies mangled, strangers spotted on the edge of town, that sort of thing. The town came to my family for help. My mom was long dead, but they were hoping there was something we could do. Which we did. It was hard, and bloody, never had a pack of ghouls that big before or since. That was when we lost my dad. The town took good care of me and Sammy after that. Now obviously not every last person knows what happened, or what it is Sam and I do, but… enough do.”
Dean proudly talks about training, and how Castiel almost got himself killed back in Cherryvale. Castiel feels embarrassed until it turns out nearly everyone in the room has an “I was almost killed by a vampire” story.
“It’s easier for dark witches, all they gotta do is channel demonic energy.” Dean stands up and starts pacing. Castiel sees that the long underwear do indeed have a flap on the back. “Me, I don’t have that to draw from. I had to do two portal spells, I had to heal your god damn dying ass, that’s a lot of magic to do in a day, I’m
When Castiel wakes, he finds himself on his back, in one of the beds in the Winchester cellar. He stares at the ceiling a moment. How had he never noticed the massive sigil up there before? A devil’s trap, if memory serves.
fight, and so they spar, and Dean proves him terribly wrong. He shows Castiel how to throw a more effective punch, how to break free if his arms are pinned, how to think of every object in a room as a weapon during a fight. They do a bit of target practice with Dean’s gun, but Castiel is already a fine marksman. He shoots five old mason jars from a fair distance, grinning at Dean’s stunned but impressed expression when he finishes.
Castiel blinks and the entire world seems to change, because Dean Winchester is kissing him. Gently, just for a moment, but a kiss nonetheless.
The man doesn’t show up again. Sam and Dean fill the grave back in, and as far as Castiel can tell, they don’t take anything. He hides behind a mausoleum as the Winchesters go back the way they came. He can’t bring himself to follow them any longer. Soon, the Winchesters are out of sight and Castiel is standing alone in a cemetery.
Dean grins, looking proud. “Hunters, mostly. Some are retired, like Bobby and Rufus there. We do this every few months. Usually here at Bobby’s. We swap stories and relics, eat good food, toast the dead, introduce newbies.”
“There’ll be someone along soon enough to deal with it,” she says, wiping down her empty counter. She’s wearing jeans, which is something Castiel doesn’t see that often. “Until then, I’ll be keeping me and mine indoors at night, suggest you do the same.”
Every day it’s the same; up just before sunrise, do work on Naomi’s house, breakfast, walk to the livery for the horse, get stonewalled by the citizens of Lawrence for hours on end, back to the livery to return Angel, back to Naomi’s house for supper, an hour spent going over Jimmy’s notes at the table by the window in his room, then an admittedly comfortable sleep.
He turns his head. Dean is standing there, glaring. He’s wearing a red union suit, the kind of soft, one piece thermal bodywear Castiel used to sleep in as a child, but that makes him no less intimidating.
Right now he’s sitting at the table by the window, hat and vest still on, candle slowly burning as he stares and stares at the wanted posters he’s been carrying with him. Jimmy’s notes are mocking Castiel from where they sit scattered on his bed.
Castiel tries hard not to speak, but the words so desperately want to come out. “Because I’m hoping that avenging my brother’s death will bring me peace.”
He also studies the map. The longer he looks at it, the more he notices there’s a pattern. The Winchesters have spent the past several years circling around and through Kansas, over and over, like a milk route. If the pattern can be trusted, their next stop will be Topeka, then on to the Potawatomi reservation, then Concordia and onward. If they’ve already left, Castiel can catch up to them. Demand… something. Answers.
“One lesson I’ve had to learn, time and time again,” Dean says as he lets the terrifying visage of a wendigo fade, “is that not every supernatural creature out there needs to die. You gotta have an open mind sometimes. I mean stuff like wendigos and werewolves and daevas, yeah. They only kill. But there are vampires that only drink cattle, there are witches like me that aren’t trying to do evil, and not every shapeshifter is out there killing people.”
There’s a man sitting in Castiel’s chair by the window, downward face obscured by his Stetson hat. His boots are propped up on the table, he’s got one of the wanted posters in his hand, and Jimmy’s notes are all over the table. He’s also using Castiel’s very last candle, which is aggravating.
“Town doctor said it looked like they’d lost a lot of blood, only there’s never much blood at the scene. They want to believe it’s a feral beast, but tell me, Deputy, when have you ever heard of a bear or coyote draining blood from its kill? None of them were torn to pieces, far as I know. Just one or two wounds, sometimes a broken neck. That sound like an animal to you?”
Inside is a metal ladder, which seems to go down for ten, twenty feet. There’s light at the bottom, but Castiel hears no voices, no panicked movement.
Dean drops the ball into the grave, just as the mystery man reappears behind him. The man reaches forward as though he’s about to grab Dean, then freezes, throwing his head back and letting out an ungodly howl as his body erupts in flames and he disappears yet again.
“I’m clever like that.” Dean carefully tucks Castiel back into his jeans before getting to his feet. He holds his hand out. “Up, up.”
“Well, there’s a lot of hunters out there. Not all of them roam like me and Sammy, but there’s towns all over the country under the protection of a hunter. Most aren’t as awesome as me, though.”
According to the lore Castiel read and what Dean told him back in Topeka, vampirism can actually be cured, but only if the vampire hasn’t ingested human blood. Clearly this vampire has already ingested plenty.
“That’s a very sad story,” Castiel says. “Sometimes men with sad stories become the men who create sad stories for others.”
“Meals are at dawn and sunset,” Naomi says once the tub is filled. “If I can’t find you, I’ll assume you’ve found food elsewhere, and that’s your problem, not mine.”
Castiel sits up angrily, but his retort dies when he looks at Dean’s face. There’s a large gash on the side of his face… no, three of them, and quite a bit of blood.
With nothing else to pull on, Castiel uses the chair, bracing his weight against the back of it. The floor creaks and the area around the chair starts to lift, a square panel. Castiel pushes at the back of the chair until the chair is horizontal and the hatch is all the way open.
In the morning he informs Naomi that he’ll likely be gone several days, and she promises to wait ten days before selling the belongings he leaves behind instead of her usual seven. She gives him some dried beef for the road, and even looks a bit sad to see him go before she seems to remember herself. He uses the money he took from the Winchesters along with some of his own to outright buy Angel instead of renting, loads his pack with feed and a new, larger canteen, and at the time Castiel is usually carrying heavy things for Naomi or clearing her yard, he sets off for Topeka.
Without warning, he suddenly springs to life again, knocking Castiel onto his back on the dirt floor of the barn. Castiel opens his mouth to complain, but Dean’s already working his jeans open, mouth lowering onto Castiel’s cock immediately. Castiel gasps, hands moving to grip Dean’s short, sweat-damp hair. He thanks God and all His angels for whatever genetic anomaly that allows Dean to take Castiel’s entire length into his mouth, his
Castiel nods. A room with an unfriendly widow sounds far more appealing than bunking up with God’s Children. “Where can I find her?”
When he wakes the next morning, he and Dean both eat large bowls full of oatmeal and diced berries. Castiel is groggy, so he doesn’t bother asking how Dean cooked the oatmeal.
Naomi tuts. “I’ll be honest, deputy, I’ve no love for either of those boys, but murder? Of a lawman, even? That’s hard for me to believe.”
Castiel looks at Dean, who makes a scoffing sound and looks away. “I hate to impose, perhaps I should stay elsewhere so you can have your room back?”
Sam seems to be doing most of the talking, face and posture very sympathetic, offering comforting gestures to what Castiel assumes is a grieving widow. Dean stands silent next to them, slouched slightly and frowning deeply, one hand in the pocket of his duster, the other gripping the strap of the duffel bag slung over his shoulder. At one point the woman begins gesticulating wildly to the north, and Dean’s posture goes a bit rigid. He says something that makes the widow take both of his hands and then hug him before hurrying off back into the library. Sam and Dean stare at each other for a moment, then nod simultaneously and start walking north.
It only takes talking to seven people before someone’s telling Castiel about strange animal attacks on the outskirts of town, in an area mostly used for visiting travelling shows. Apparently three men tilling the field for an upcoming circus were killed in the night last week, another two men a few days later. No one’s seen who or what is doing the killing, but an absolutely haunted looking man sitting outside the post office said the victims were ripped to shreds, worse than any bear or cougar attack he’d ever seen.
