The two idiots smiled at each other, and
“Sherlock, can you look at me? You’ve got some spectacular bruising and I need to check if you have a concussion.
"So you are not willing to change for her?"
Paddington gifts Mrs Hudson the marmalade, who thanks him profoundly for it. He decides to bring Judy and Jonathan with him the next time he visits 221 Baker Street. On his way to the Tube, he catches a glimpse of John Watson pressing Sherlock against the window and kissing his living daylight out.
She started to work at the same clinic as he did, they became friends, they dated, they moved in together, Mary accepted his non-proposal, they married, Mary became non-pregnant for a while, Mary shot Sherlock in the chest, Sherlock shot Magnussenn in the head, Moriarty appeared on a video-
His eyes wander to his hand, where he always clutched the cane. Except now, there is no cane. The teacher jumps around and stares at the Forest with wide eyes, his mouth opening and closing in shock.
Sherlock says back, his voice wavering a bit.
“You… You build this.
But Sherlock can not. Neither John nor Sherlock can know this at the moment, but it will take months until Sherlock is able to speak again. The
The next round they fought with spears, and it was a bit more successful than the swords, but Anderson still moved to slow and John managed to predict every move. This really was no fun, he decided, and told the slave to work with
Sherlock and John have a romantic night.
shouted. Greg is a few years older than them and wants to join the police department in London.
had sacrificed his life for his little brother, and John had shot his wife.
the fourth, and Sherlock and John finally the fifth team. All the other seats are taken, so Sherlock and John have to squeeze themselves into one of the soft armchair. Anne Boleyn jumps into Sherlock’s lap and curls herself into a tight ball of fluff.
"I am really not."
John suddenly looked angry: "Is it because of Rosie?"
“What do people usually say?
“Christ, Sherlock. You look beautiful.
“You are full of brilliant ideas, John.
He screws his face.
he said. “Dreadful ghost, why do you trouble me after your death?
He tried to go extra carefully now. Just about thirty minutes, then Sherlock would walk down these steps, hopefully smiling at him. He just had to survive this thirty minutes, then Sherlock would be here. With him at his side, John could face everything. Even
Fifteen months ago, he broke into an old
, asked the boy. He sounded concerned. Concerned about someone he didn’t really know. What a gentleman.
Their first Christmas, they threw a party at Baker Street. The whole flat was decorated, with lots of lights, cards and the skull wearing a Santa Claus hat. Sherlock played with his violin, and he seemed socially awkward, until Molly appeared, with that extravagant dress and her hopeless crush, and Sherlock absolutely destroyed her with his deductions. It all ended with an evening in the morgue, identifying Irene
Friend. Sherlock does not have many of those. There is Molly, Irene and Janine of course, with whom he spent his time at Hogwarts together. They still write regularly to each other, sending their owls back and forth. Molly is busy with being a healer, Janine has a nice position at the Daily Prophet, writing the gossip comments, and Irene, as a fellow half-blood like him, is taking care of
Sherlock tells him and doesn’t really mean it. The two look at each directly for a moment.
“I told you, I’m clean.
Today, he had approximately two dozens patients, but it feels like so much more. He didn’t even take his lunch break, their waiting room was just too busy. That is why he only hears about the explosion when he gets his stuff out of his closet.
coal cellar? It’s like a Charles Dickens story, or better yet, an Edgar Allan
John stroked Sherlock’s white face and said a final sentence to the other doctor, who left the room in long strides. The retired soldier then started to unbuckle the restraints around his friends limbs. They had left faint red marks around his skin. Next,
are often packed with shoppers all through December.
John makes himself comfortable next to Sherlock, who turns on his side to face him.
She asks.
“Why did you turn last night? Surely, you are using the newest adaption of the
P R E S E N T    F O R    J O H N   W A T S O
He gasps and only just manages to not drop the kettle. The medical student is suddenly behind the counter and quickly leads Sherlock to the basin.
“When we heard John Watson being so flustered, of course we had to come.
John sighed.
John shakes his head:
girls, Alex and Leila, have broken up, and the other students are taking sides. The potion today is the
This second chapter was a bit longer and came sooner than I intended, but I didn't want to cut it in the middle. Please give kudos or comment.
“Your eyebrow is going to need stitches.
The Great Hall around them, oblivious to their talking, is buzzing with the students being excited about school starting again and being reunited with their friends, while the teachers stir their tea to look more energetic.
His muscles send a thousand screaming complaints to Sherlock’s head, his burning wrist being the loudest of them. Fortunately, he is laying somewhere soft and warm. With a happy sign he curls himself deeper under the blanket, cherishing the lack of cramps and back pain.
Today is the twenty-third of December, and the crowd at Baker Street is busy with finishing their chores before the stressful holidays. Hundreds of people have walked by him, holding their bags in one hand and dragging their screaming children behind them with the other. Even fewer people than usual have acknowledged Sherlock and his music, and therefore he has ended up with fewer coins than normal in his violin bag.
He sobbed: „I was only a child, and I should have stayed with him or insist he come with us, but I left. I saw the first opportunity and I left. And I never came back. That’s why I should blame myself. I never came back for Sherlock.“
’s endless resources
Sherlock whimpered, both as the new feeling of weirdness and also because of a sudden wave of pain in his belly. John kissed his shoulderblades and whispered his name into his skin. They waited for a moment until Sherlock’s uneasiness faded, then John drove deeper into him, inch for inch. When Sherlock was fully stretched, the gladiator punded into him and the slave finally groaned in pleasure. It felt so good to have John inside him. He felt grounded, like he belonged somewhere. Thoughts of his elder brother and his dad were uncomfortably nagging on his mind. What would they say if they noticed him, as a slave, getting fucked by a Roman soldier?
Today, John is visiting the local shelter. The three rooms are full of cats, dogs, a few rabbits, birds and even a cage with mouses. John tries not to look too much at them, their long tails absolutely terrify him. As a child, Harry had once
“Nothing.
John is rubbing his pale faces while simultaneously shaking his head.
John asks confused.
He sighed.
“Mrs. Hudson takes trivia nights very seriously.
Sherlock sighs and grabs John’s arm again. “I just want a hot chocolate now.
John picks up Rosie and they leave.
Sherlock tries to hide how delighted he is at John’s words.
The man who now has a name says.
“I want to go to Mycrofts grave tomorrow.“
How many signed up?
when you look like that!
She purrs, and Sherlock bangs the door close, his hands shaking.
John Watson never used to be a big fan of the Royal Family, and that only changed when Sherlock Holmes, the second and youngest son, had his coming-out
Molly asks, wringing her hands with excitement. Their genuine joy for him touches Sherlock.
He had not seen Mary today. She kissed goodbye to him yesterday and slept at
Molly rips him out his thoughts when her lips smash loudly together with
“Great.
She goes on, but John isn’t able to listen any more.
boy‘ by John awakens something strange in him.
That’s just the way it is. Some people were lucky, many were not, the gods decided the rest. That’s how the Roman Empire became the greatest civilization on earth. John could not understand people who killed their slaves — why waste healthy resources? Grotesque cruelty was frowned upon, however, if a slave would not behave, disobey or even worse, humiliate their master, he had every right to punish his property. That’s the way
John invites him. Sherlock wants to throw up his scrambled eggs.
He was just 18 years old, but never shrank away from a new possibility. If
“You must be, given you are letting every fish swim away.”
That is true.
for you.
Silence again. Sherlock rolled around and pressed his lips lightly on Johns.
Sherlock says, his throat dry. “I will pack my things immediately.
At the hospital, he walks right through the long queue of worrying family members and friends at the reception and continues his way through the hallway. On the stairs, he encounters a young woman, whose waitress uniform is completely grey. She is being helped by her girlfriend, who rubs her shoulder while the waitress sobs quietly.
and Julia had owned several slaves. Julia had a maid,
The babysitter has luckily agreed to take Rosie again on Friday. I’m meeting up with a colleague from the new clinic.
John unclipped the leash and put it on the table, then opened the chain around his ankles. At last, he removed the gag from his mouth. His fingers brushed not so accidentally over the pale lips. Everything about this man was desirable. Thank Jupiter it was all his now.
, John pleaded.
"Oh, fucking hell, my English teacher is an idiot."
, they said.
“I don’t want your help, I don’t need your help!
“Sir, we found them."
“I selected one that was approximately the same size as my cock. That way you get a feeling of it and I’m saving time.“
John says on crawls on top of Sherlock.
Maybe not everyone will turn up.
They are home.
“Certainly not on her schedule. She told she’s been waiting for a notice from us since August.
had hoped for.
„I’m new here, and I don’t like the other boys. Do you want to be my friend?“ John asked, with an innocence only children could possess.
Sherlock admits.
"Do you want to go Angelo’s today? I’m starving.“
god, John will never forgive him. He told the doctor he’d buy milk from the shops, and John had barely looked up from the book he was reading.
“You better.” John pulled him in and they kissed again. Then he watched Shane walk away.
I sighed. “I was looking forward to seeing Seb.” I told her. “Getting to know him better. I really was... but once there...” I paused searching for the right words. “This whole thing was just a bad idea.”
Carrying two coffees, milk, sugar packets, a banana, a bottle of water, a bacon butty and serviettes proved more difficult than John anticipated. He found himself standing outside Sherlock’s lab, balancing Styrofoam cups, et al, staring at the closed door. He could
I needed to work on the case. I had run off foolishly yesterday, but I had learned several things about the Cliffside Trail – I was out there in a bloody great storm, never having traversed it before, and I was never in danger of going over the edge. The overlooks might have been treacherous to a child or an inattentive idiot – but Sir Afan, in good weather, could only have jumped purposely, been pushed or been chased off. Chances were, someone had confronted him on the Cliffside Trail – but who and why?
882 days since I jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s. 882 days since I broke John’s heart, left him alone, devastated, and began my quest to eradicate Moriarty’s organisation from the face of the earth.
But since my ‘death’ I had the run of them. I grabbed a torch and set off down the tunnel that would take me to Kensington where I could get the Underground at Gloucester Road to Paddington and change there for Kensal Green – my grave was in the cemetery there.
Lestrade nodded. “Who knows, maybe John’ll pull his head out of his arse...”
“Probably have to find a new job now.” Victor mumbled.
John stepped back and tucked the gun into the back of his jeans. “There are zip ties under the sink.” John said to me. “Go get them.”
“But…”
The offer stands. The GALL of the man. He was an utter cock! Waltzing back into John's life like he'd never left, never discarded John and their life together like so much refuse. And then! Thinking he could PROPOSE!
"Like this?" Victor asked, and leaned in and kissed me. His lips were soft, but his mouth was firm, demanding. I let him open my mouth with his tongue... it was my first kiss, but I didn't feel nervous. I let him take what he wanted.
John shook his head. "I didn't intend that. He just.... wouldn't stop. Everything always has to be his way."
John shrugged. “More for everyone else now.”
"I do... I did. I'm not hungry." I quickly scraped my dinner back into the takeaway container. John protested but I escaped to my bedroom. I had to make my peace with Mariah – not with her personally, but with the idea of her. John was straight. He might love me, but he was straight. He wasn't going to give up sex. I shouldn't expect him to. I couldn't run and hide every time he went to see his girlfriend. I couldn't get angry or throw a tantrum no matter how much I wanted to.
I loved the city fiercely. I'd grown up outside London and it was everything exciting and wonderful. It was alive in ways the rundown suburb of my youth could never be. The army had taken me away, but London was home.
Shane’s face paled. “He has a knife.” He told Sherlock. “A scalpel.”
“Maybe...” Mary clutched at my hand. “Would you – if you’re not busy – would you come with me to Seb’s flat tonight?”
“Drug Addict?”
Sherlock waited almost two hours for the hunter to leave the establishment, then he went in and made an appointment for himself, creating an opportunity to get a look at the appointment book. Sebastian Moran. The hunter's name was Sebastian Moran.
Shane sighed. "I'm fucking useless."
“It’s hard, I won’t lie. But I’ll wait as long as I have to for you to come home, Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"There's a general sense that you and your brothers were unhappy with Victor, with your father's sexuality, that he decided to marry again..."
I sat up. "Yeah?"
“I’m surprised you want to sleep with me.” I said, crawling under the duvet. I was hard, pissing hadn’t deflated my morning wood at all.
Mummy took her from Sherlock’s arms. He seemed disconcerted to see her go, but John set a calming hand on his arm and Sherlock settled. His glance at John was telling — to everyone but John apparently.
“Anyway, from our quick glance down the block, there isn’t access to the back garden from the street.”
“Homeless network. Eyes all over the city.”
I was relieved to be alone in the shower – I wouldn’t have to navigate the slaps and blows that accompanied the taunting gang members. Or worse. At best I was a joke, a punchline. I wasn’t so far gone that I didn’t regret that.
He watched as Mycroft smoothed his features into the bland, slightly mocking mask he habitually wore and his heart ached for the man.
“I know. You tried. Hard to get a military team in another country. You said.”
"So you admit leaving John like that was a mistake."
Of course they did. “Did he have money on me?” Lestrade asked.
Holding my breath, I stood at the arm of the sofa where the floor hadn't been soiled with fluids and waved the flying insects away. I gazed at the stiff, blood-darkened shirt as flies swarmed. I sighed again and disturbed a writhing clot of maggots. My gorge rose and I had a sudden image of Sherlock's frittata. I didn't think I'd find it appetizing again. It was just as well – I didn't expect the mood to cook for me would strike Sherlock very often.
"Yeah."
"Right... yeah. Suki... hey, thanks for what you did. It was brave – and it made the difference, yeah." John told the girl. She smiled shyly and ducked her head – not, John was happy to note, with admiration for him, but pride in herself. “Do you think she has keys for downstairs?” John asked gesturing at the American Alpha doctor with his chin. “Or him?” He meant the Beta he’d beaten unconscious.
“No… John… there’s no reason… after a week or so when we can stand to be apart, there’s no reason for you not to see her…” Many bonded Alphas had Beta mistresses. Sherlock would have to get used to it. Somehow.
Sherlock hesitated only a second more, then followed John down the long corridor.
I found his nipple and pinched him hard as he pounded up into our fists, our foreskins rucking back and forth. John gasped, his entire body stretching out, and wailed. His cock twitched and his climax spilled between us. He juddered beneath me, spurting again and again, his abdomen tensing and twisting. Through it, he never let go of my cock, never took his fingers from my arse. His pearly essence lubricated me and as his prick twitched the last drops and began to soften, he let it go his and took my cock in a vice like grip.
The 'John-is-in-danger' alert sounded in Sherlock's brain and all other considerations disappeared. He could deal with John's relationship later – right now he WOULD discover who and what this person was.
“Yes, but it’s cozy.”
"Too big of a risk."
"Sherlock?" He wasn't answering so I opened the adjoining door. I'd missed him – his bed was empty and his pajamas were flung over a chair.
“Didn’t matter. He was still miserable. Falling ill robbed him of his peace of mind.”
“It’s Moran’s fault.” John contradicted. “You can’t stay with him.”
“Moran’s in there now?” I whispered, pulling my gun.
"You'll get your chance to scent them, Sherlock! Every single one of them! You and Virginia Hooper and... and Greg, if he so desires! That's the test they
“Should I? Two years! He just let me suffer!”
“John, my brother’s life LITERALLY depends on your ability to convince everyone that you are mourning his death.”
John had never lost his control before. He’d never come close. Sure, certain people smelled wonderful. John was absolutely interested, incredibly turned on. But scent wasn’t everything – John refused to be in thrall to his biology.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And you haven’t been able to go through the forms since you were shot?”
Sherlock had stepped in as a second parent to the little girl. John had let him — he needed the support desperately — and after eighteen months, Sherlock was as invested in the child as he was in John. Lestrade feared the detective was in for a world of hurt when John inevitably found another woman with whom to pair. Lestrade had heard John say, “A girl needs a mother.” More than once.
“And what?”
It was their biology. His biology. He’d told Lestrade it was a curse, and he hadn’t lied. It frightened him, though, how
“She wanted a way to hide you.”
Everything is SO complicated!
I wanted to scream. John was already thinking about how to forget me. This was all a horrible, horrible mistake! I could barely keep myself from wrenching open the door and running to him.
“Yes, sir.” One of the soldiers replied. “If you’ll come with me, Captain, I’ll get you squared away.”
Lestrade wanted to scream at Sherlock! They’d all been safe indoors and the wanker had invited twenty infected inside! Instead, he took them both to the loo and shut the door.
“It’ll be hard.” I said. “Contrary to popular opinion, absence does not make the heart grow fonder.”
"Yes."
I faltered... I had very nearly died in that prison - and two or three times before that. I had WANTED to die in prison. Sometimes I still wish I had. "I'm here now." I told him. "I'm here." Such as I am, I added silently.
"You don't know him, he's completely self-centered. He's selfish."
I wanted to weep – I NEEDED it! Didn’t he understand?! I was in pain! My entire body ached for it! My skin tingled unpleasantly and my stomach was cramping. I tried to stand up, but my limbs were clumsy and weak. Nazer yanked me up by my arm and I quickly suppressed my yelp of surprise.
"You were joking." John said. He was relieved by Shane's attitude. And so grateful that he'd broken the tension.
“The placement suggests something more medical in nature.” Sherlock sniffed her hair, frowned, then sniffed again. “Chlorine.” He murmured. Then he moved her hair aside and carefully turned her head, exposing the back of her neck. He leaned as close to the scent gland as he could and inhaled.
The address Lestrade had given took us to a high rise in the same neighborhood as Luther Jones'. But this building was older and more modest – a step or two above a tower block. We were taken to the thirty-fifth floor where Lestrade met us in the corridor. John started donning the protective kit right away.
“Shane!” John said tightly, and Shane was next to him, helping him subdue Church. “Over here!” John shouted.
Finally we reached him. He had crouched in the shelter between two boulders and pulled his coat over his head.
“Come up for a nightcap.” Lestrade suggested, brushing his knuckles against Mycroft’s warm, red cheek.
“No.” Lestrade said simply. “I’ve seen bonded couples. How it is at the start is how it is. The connection – there’s always some kind of connection – it doesn’t get deeper and it doesn’t go away, but the deeper the connection the better they get along. Yours is pretty intense, you're practically finishing each other's sentences. Was it just because he helped you? How did you
“How about Thursday night.”
They were surrounded. The sound of the gunshots had even more pushing and shoving their way into the alley.
Rosie nodded in acknowledgment, "why?"
Sherlock shrugged, "it is what it is."
Aithne scowled at her little sister, “i’m not stupid, I am bringing a coworker, they're really good at talking sense into me before I do something stupid.”
John yelped, "not good!" Bopper got off John immediately. He sat up and rubbed his shoulder.
“Er... I may have invited him to look at Baker.”
“This may have taken you from the war and stopped you from continuing as a surgeon but it brought you to me,” Said Sherlock before kissing John again. He pulled back and dropped to his knees, roughly pulling down John’s pants and trousers. He licked his lips at seeing John’s rather large cock, it was big, he knew he was going to struggle with this one but he wasn’t worried, he was determined. “I knew it was big, I didn’t know it was going to be that big.” He swirled his tongue around the tip, and slowly took John’s length down his throat, he tilted his head to get the full length in. It was thick and he was quite surprised with himself, he was struggling to breath and his eyes were tearing up but still he carried on.   He swore it was only getting bigger, he was up for the challenge.
“But didn’t he ask you to build some boundaries, I overheard that phone call you made after we left, I don't think the surveillance is working for him, and part of protecting us all, must include keeping us safe mentally as well," replied Violet.
headphones and all the books, there was children books next to college texts, he wasn’t sure what that meant about Sherlock, but it certainly made him interesting. He wandered around some more and noticed all the academic awards Sherlock had, and was surprised at some of the ones for the arts because the man was coming off as purely science minded. He then noticed that Sherlock was done, he was on his knees and looking down. “Okay Boy are you ready for your inspection!”
And at that moment came Blaze getting chased by Wolf, “fuck off I am not going to take the shot.”
John sighed, "just pick one of them!"
The cabby huffed, "fine get in."
"Well that's worrisome, I'll get her info if it really bothers you, but know anything you do with that info is going to be on you," responded Anthea. "Ella treats not just your brother and John, she sees many of our agents as well, so you won't be crossing the boundaries of your brother, you'll be crossing the line with many of the people who have served us and suffered for doing so. You have to at least give them a shred of some respect for their privacy."
“Pretty Boy is U-Hauling a Daddy!” Exclaimed Irene.
“Irene, it’s Molly from the diner you usually pick Sherlock from,” interrupted Molly, “you won’t believe it, but he is here and he is eating. An older gentleman is fucking feeding him by hand.”
Sherlock nodded, "yes."
Sherlock was surprised and wasn’t sure what to make of the following events as John rolled a condom on to his cock and had slick poured over it. He was pulled up into a sitting position, and John started kissing him in a rather sloppy manner that was one step away from being fairly unattractive but was currently that of someone rather enthusiastic. Sherlock also noticed that John was definitely naked from the waist down which was a new development given that he definitely felt fabric the entire time John was plowing him. John pulled back and held the brown bottle to Sherlock nose. Sherlock wasn’t exactly sure where this was going but took a deep breath from the popper when John told him to. He let out a shout as John lowered himself onto his cock. He found the sensation to be rather intense and he was surprised at how tight it could be. Sherlock wasn’t one to top people, Irene would even go as far to say he was a bossy bottom, whatever that meant, he just knew what he liked and wanted out of sex, and topping wasn’t exactly it. But this was good, this was interesting, the warmth that was initially fading was renewing and the urge to touch and be touch came along with it. He gasped as John rode him furiously, he wasn’t quite sure what do with his hands, he tried reaching for John’s spent cock but John knocked it away. He placed his hands on John’s thick muscle thighs and appreciated their definition, he grabbed onto John’s asscheeks and spread them, rubbing his finger along john’s stretched hole. Sherlock smirked at the gasp John made, he leaned forward and started to nuzzle John’s Beard, taking in that musky, sweaty scent and he kissed a trail up from John’s neck and started kissing John again. His hands drifted from John’s ass to his shirt. The poppers was making him crave some skin to skin contact and John’s insistence on keeping on his clothing only hindered that effort. It was frustrating, so he started to unbutton John’s shirt, but John grabbed him by the wrists.
Sherlock smiled at John and stood up in front of him, “Thank you John, and I really do want to try getting to some level of physical intimacy with you. Uh… Can I try something?”
“Sherlock, it sounds like you spent a great deal of time looking that up. But really brother, we both you know that out of the three of us, you are the least diplomatic one. And really distraction as deflection isn't really a tactic that works in this family, we are rather good on focusing," snipped Mycroft.
Sherlock and Toby got into the car. Toby curled up at the floor of the cab. The ride felt a bit long given the mid-day traffic. They pulled up in front of 221 B Baker Street.
Mycroft scowled at them, "okay but what is this wager you want, Ella?"
“So how long has this thing been going on?” asked Siger.
John admired his work, he had his Pup suspended upside down and the tunnel plug was still firmly in place. He was amused at just how dead to the world his Pup could be in moments like this. He for a moment wondered if they went a step too far, and wondered what the folks who owned this cottage would think of their activities, but judging by the fact that the shower and every single toilet had an attached showershot and enema kit and the sheer amount of anchor points and soundproofing. This place was built for such activities. He hoped… it would be really awkward if this turned out to be some kind of murder cabin. He was sure his Pup would have figured it out by now if it was a crime scene… also the Pup did say that this was supposedly listed on KinkBnB. He pushed the moment of pause far away from him, as he decided to push through to the next risky act. They both had agreed everything was yes until no after all.  He pulled out the tentacle probe, it was 4 feet of silicone with suckers along the length. He rubbed his Pup’s stomach, which was the smallest it had been in the past couple of days. He slowly started to feed the tentacle into the tunnel plug, with each inch he could see his Pup’s stomach expand. He smiled and rubbed the developing bump. He would take a few moments to check on his Pup’s wellness before feeding his Pup’s hole with more inches of the tentacle. He smiled smugly as he got all four feet into his Pup. He lightly traced the ridges in his belly bulge with his finger, and smiled. He followed the trail with some light kisses. He heard a whimper.
“But that would have ruined the suicide.” I said. “Jim didn’t want me murdered. He wanted me utterly disgraced, dead by my own hand.”
There were seven corpses in the cooler. Sherlock unzipped the closest – an elderly woman. He zipped her bag back up and unzipped the next. The third bag contained Simon Fraser. Sherlock completely opened the body bag. Simon Fraser's body was nude and untouched – an autopsy had not yet been performed. He examined the body closely, Fraser appeared to have been physical fit and well-muscled. He had a bit of softness at the belly, but was otherwise trim. Sherlock checked the eyes for petechial hemorrhaging indicative of suffocation, but found nothing. He looked for any bruising – there was the expected discoloration on the inside of the left arm where the I.V. had been, but no other bruising. Sherlock searched for needle marks – as a user of heroin, Sherlock knew all the places to look: between the fingers and toes, behind the knees... then he found it, a single puncture under the scrotum with the barest of blue shading around it.
“I love your cock.” Sherlock sighed.
“Amazing.” Sherlock said. “No one has ever suspected?”
“It’s the principle.”
It had been five months since I’d left Sherlock in the Japanese hotel room. Mycroft had insisted there could be no more delay or the intelligence Sherlock had gathered in New York would be useless.
In public, we were careful to act as if we were just friends. It was more difficult than I had imagined – I shouldn’t look at him too much, but I shouldn’t avoid looking at him either. I had to stop myself from grinning foolishly, stop myself from inhaling the scent of his hair, from leaning close and pressing my lips against his neck... John was better at it than I. He would look into my besotted smile with a profound blandness that sobered me quickly.
"Where are we?" I asked.
"Of course
He ignored me. We were sitting on the couch watching telly and he had seemed better for a while. He’d even laughed at me when I switched to a crime procedural – he can’t resist yelling at the characters about their idiocy ... but it wasn’t long after that the blackness descended again.
A thought occurred and John laughed at himself bitterly - all that effort to breathe freely. He could have stayed on his back and let himself die - his agony would have ended. He could have denied Moran the pleasure of torturing him to death. He could have saved Sherlock the trouble of trying to rescue him.
Sherlock felt the man press his nose against his neck, find his bond bite with his tongue. It burned, and Sherlock shuddered in revulsion. Nausea overwhelmed him and he retched.
"Obviously, I can." Sherlock had replied crankily. He didn't appreciate having been woken.
“John.” He murmured, his lovely baritone vibrating against my ear.
“It’s stupid. AND as you said about Vic and your father, it’s a done deal. Anwen inherited the title.”
“Dr. Watson? I’m Dr. Phelps, I specialize in circulatory problems. We met last night, but you were a bit out of it.”
"Are you saying that because it's against the rules." He asked.
“What are you thinking!?” He snarled.
That day, the day that John had been thinking about HER, he'd been with ME. We’d been watching the presumed hideout of jewel thieves. When we judged that the place was empty, we’d broken in and searched for evidence that this was indeed the gang that had been looting hotel safes for months.
The Alpha ignored the question. "Why do you smell wrong?!” He demanded, shaking Sherlock again.
"He rejected YOU?" Moran asked, his brow furrowed in confusion and simmering outrage.
“Yeah, well...” John trailed off. He cleared his throat. “I read your letter.”
I laughed and pushed him into the scrum, ignoring his protests.
“Captain Watson.” He gasped. “Are you ok?!”
Then John had blinked ‘S.O.S.’ and revealed the semtex strapped to his torso and I had a short-lived instant of relief before ‘JOHN IS IN DANGER’ penetrated and I got down to the business of saving my friend.
"But... he needs to be in hospital."
I squinted up at the pool of light until I made out the small black dot.
“You seem to have a system worked out – alternate nights. Of course, it’s hard to get any alone time.”
"You ok?" He asked.
John listened to the door closing... the finality of the sound scared him.
John plunged his tongue deep into Sherlock's mouth, taking his breath away with the kiss. How had he lived without this?! Sherlock wrestled John's jockstrap down his hips freeing the steel rod it had tried to contain. His hands were on it, fisting it's length, exposing the tender glans, smearing the dampness on the head, swirling it around and around the velvety flesh. He wanted to taste it, swallow it down...
I made a face. “Better than the last time you saw me, anyway.”
“You didn’t mention you had a flatmate. Isn’t this a one bedroom?”
“How, erm, how do you know each other?” I asked Seb.
I knew then that I would never be free of this agony. Over time, it would condense and harden, become a glittering diamond of glorious memories and terrible, empty, yearning loss. I might even find another partner eventually, but she – or he – would be a pale shadow of what I had with Sherlock. It would be a nightmare.
“Yes. I’m getting somewhat more than what I expected. As the heir to the title, I was always getting the lion’s share – this place and enough to keep it. But not near what’s listed there.”
Lestrade sat up. They’d steamed the windows — he hadn’t done
I nodded once to Sherlock. It was all I could manage. I prayed that his PTSD hadn’t let him deduce my insanity, my shame.
“Moriarty?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?!” John exclaimed. “Jesus, Sherlock, I thought you were dying! I thought you had an inoperable brain tumor or an aneurysm or something!”
“We have a case in Wales.” I announce.
Was Sherlock just curious? Was he trying to console himself after being rejected by his mysterious love interest? Did he just want laid?
Sherlock pulled back, my laughter making him uncertain. He didn’t know if I was laughing at him. I wrapped my arms around him and felt him relax.
“I, erm, spent a bit of time in the army.” I told her, pressing the ice more firmly against her face. “The ice really will help.”
Mycroft Bloody Holmes! The Iceman!
"Just go away." John said.
“Yes! Of course!” He looked pissed, but also like he expected Sherlock to be dickish. Regardless, it distracted Shane long enough to get him on the lift and up to John's floor in stony silence.  He hesitated when the doors opened – wrinkling his nose in disgust at the hospital smell.
^^^I trust you.^^^
"It's weird to see you with someone other than Sherlock." She'd said to him quietly. Molly was one of the few people with whom he would talk about Sherlock. She had loved him too, after all.
"I know my problem isn't really much of a problem..." John started.
Cat was out of the bag now – John knew my secrets. At least some of them ... how aware he was of my lust for him, I didn't know.
I almost protested, but stopped myself – Sherlock had had my cock down his throat, he knew exactly how big it was. (Average length, extraordinary width – indeed, the circumference had inches on the length.)
Sherlock tore at the tape keeping the needle in his flesh and tossed the whole thing aside.
But they wouldn't come. Eventually he turned off the water. A few minutes later, he realized he was still standing in the shower when the shivers started. He was wet and cold.
to bond at all, that’s fine too. If you want to study for a profession, become a nurse or a barrister or an air traffic controller, you can do that. We will
John's spirit drifted free of his lonely, unloved, deformed body. He floated, but he still felt heavy. Too heavy. John started to cry.
John examined his face and saw that he DID understand. He went and had a bit of a wash and got dressed in last night's clothes. When he came back out to the main room, Shane was at his desk working. John went over and kissed him.
“You’ve been through a lot. But you’re still YOU. You’ve been hurt. Traumatised. But I still see YOU, Sherlock.
John didn't return for almost two hours. When he did, his ungainly lope as he made his way down Baker Street was even more awkward than usual.
John felt himself blush, his neck and face hot with embarrassment. "Erm, yeah." He admitted.
I shook off the restraining hands, my shout echoing through my mind. <> I knelt in the gutter, sick with shock, dizzy and nauseous, and threw up. I’d eaten very little since Sherlock and I had been arrested – and escaped – but my body heaved and heaved long after there was anything to expel. They’d taken him away on a stretcher... maybe he survived the fall... I needed to follow them (no pulse in his limp arm)... I needed to be certain.
“You really think it’s possible he was forced to jump? Pushed... or somehow... compelled?”
The position didn’t always appear comfortable for the bottom, so I was careful as I arranged Sherlock’s legs. “Is this ok?” I asked him.
She did not look intimidated – she’d have to be very tough and very controlled (or bonded) to work here. “Bar’s through there. Have a drink and check out the menu.”
"Shane is good for you."
I woke up alone in bed with the memory of John holding me in his arms.
“That’s… erm… comforting.”
As soon as the lift doors opened, the smell hit us like a wall. As I donned a protective coverall over my clothes, I heard the buzzing. The rotting corpse had attracted insects. I prepared myself for the sight.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, I'm sorry I left you alone here. I shouldn't have – with a killer on the loose! I... I was... remember that night, before you died – left, before you left – when we kissed. You ran. You got scared and you ran, that night and then you ran right off the roof of St. Barts...
“Erm... yeah. Yeah, I’ll make that work.”
“It’s not in the dining room?”
“John told me you quit. Now why would he think that?”
“Do you?” I asked, my hand stroking his abdomen, seeking downwards, finding his half-hard cock. “I love your ginger bush.” I said and buried my nose in it, his groin hot against my cheek. “I LOVE the smell of you!” He was full hard now, and already damp at the tip. “Sometimes I dream of sucking you.” I told him, glancing up and meeting his eyes. He was staring at me, rapt, indulgent. “Such beautiful dreams.” Without breaking eye contact, I went down on him.
“It is. We might have to go to Miami.”
“Tomorrow morning I need to go to St. Barts to examine a bit of mud I found today.” Sherlock told me scraping the last bit of mussaman curry from the carton. “I’m hopeful its chemical makeup will yield clues to where our sniper spends his time. I’ve done extensive studies of the dirt in different London neighborhoods, it’s been helpful in a number of cases.”
John's eyes burned but he didn't speak.
The political had thrown a punch. I came up on the far side of his arm, twisted behind him and shoved him in the direction his momentum was already carrying him. His fist hit the metal bedpost and he grunted in pain. He swung around, swearing, but I’d danced out of range.
“Is she ok now?” Mary asked.
“What do you mean?” She asked.
“There’s an Inspector Lestrade who needs to speak to you – to you both.” Mycroft said, dropping his sharp gaze back to the floor again. “I’ve asked him to wait a few days... but if you could...” He had a business card in his hand and held it out fractionally.
And maybe he’d left a sniper behind to kill me. To rub salt in Sherlock’s mortal wounds from beyond the grave – he forced Sherlock over the edge of the roof to save me (Because what else would have convinced him? Sherlock didn’t give a shit if people thought he was a fake.) and now he’d have me killed anyway. The sniper could have me in his crosshairs this very moment.
John had that look, the one that said we were going to have a serious talk – and I knew we needed to. But, noting my appetite, he smiled at me once more and picked up his own sandwich and we ate in silence whilst Calaf answered Turandot’s riddles.
Then he realized where he was. He was outside of the home of a cocaine dealer Sherlock had bought from in the past. His self-centered, selfish feet had brought him here because cocaine had an amazing way of making Sherlock's thoughts sharper and faster. Cocaine made him feel more like himself.
“You smoke in here?”
Sherlock stretched out next to him, his hands warm on John’s hip, his lips pressed to John’s good shoulder. They had slept like this in hospital. The touch was very soothing.
Sherlock furrowed his brow insincerely and made an overly sympathetic face.
Sherlock heard the door open, but didn’t turn to look. “Uh, excuse me sir, an alarm has gone off. You wanted to be notified.”
“John, wait.” Sherlock said, pushing me away, trying to sit up again.
Lestrade fought until Sally Donovan — at his side, as always — was pulled into a bear hug by a burly copper, teeth snapping. Lestrade beat him off her with the butt of his gun... but it was too late. Her cheek torn and stained with crimson.
The explosion took him completely by surprise.
Unless he was still with Sherlock.
“You’re in a good mood today.” John had observed one afternoon. “Again.” He had appeared behind me, laid his hand on my shoulder and leaned down to kiss me.
John knew he was depressed. He knew that's why he couldn't get out of bed. He'd continued taking the antidepressants Doctor Bob had prescribed, forcing himself to sit up and swallow them whenever his alarm went off ... daily... his alarm went off daily. There was usually a glass of water by the bed... someone must put it there...
“Because you love me.” Sherlock said. Then he frowned again. “Do you love me? Why do you love me? I don’t understand ‘love,’ John.”
"John fell in love with you too."
“Ouch! Ok.” Lestrade said. “But... but don’t
Eventually Sherlock stood, avoiding looking up at the third story window, and walked away. But the memory of John being pleasured by another was burned in his brain.
John's mood suffered. He didn't fall back into the deep depression, but his mouth was set with tension, his eyes angrily defiant. Sherlock said nothing – what could he say? It didn't help that the boot Sherlock wore for the cracked tibia meant going more slowly than either of them would have liked.
“Yes.”
“I wouldn’t have let him take you.” John assured him. “Please, don’t take my gun, Sherlock. If you feel threatened, please, just tell me.  Yeah?”
“Is that what you want!?” I shouted. “For ME to be the bad guy? For me to break it off!? That be more convenient for you, John, than admitting you made a mistake!? That you’d rather follow around after any – every! – halfway fit tart with your tongue hanging out than be with me?! Want me to call Mariah for you!? Let her know you’re available!?”
"Jesus!" John felt himself start to harden. "You have to stop."
I closed my eyes, buried my face in his shoulder. "Yeah." I said softly. I felt myself shivering helplessly.
Sherlock recovered quickly and began begging. “John, harder, please… oh! Please, John! Harder! Fuck me harder!”
The first time I saw Victor Trevor...
Why did Sherlock have them? In all the years we’d lived together, he’d never had a girlfriend or boyfriend. He’d never brought anyone to the flat for a liaison. He’d never pulled at the bar or even looked at another person with sexual interest. The closest he ever came was Irene Adler – and as far as I could tell, they never consummated the attraction. Honestly, I don’t even know if he WAS attracted to her physically. He showed no sign – he never responded to her overtures... nor did he recoil from them.
“You were a sniper?” I asked.
Like now.
Sherlock gasped and clutched at my arms. Then his hands discovered a purpose in opening my jeans. He pulled my cock out of my pants and levered himself up onto an elbow to rub his cock against mine. I wrapped my hand around us both and Sherlock did as well, though there was barely enough room for the both of us.
“You’re a bad influence.”
This was even harder to type. I wanted to know! I was desperate to understand!
"I was distracted..."
Then John's surgeon and circulatory specialist came by. Sherlock retreated to the window as they talked with John. They tested his flesh and drew on his wrist with a black sharpie – the line between what John would keep and what he would lose. The fingers of that hand were gray and curling inward, useless. But John tried again and again to make them move.
“Tell me.” I said. “Tell me what happened.” He’d met someone, someone like handsome Officer Vaachaspati. Sherlock had cruised him, picked him up and had sex with him. He’d been lonely and old habits... the certainty sat like lead in my stomach.
“Give your people the signal, Lestrade.” Sherlock whispered. “John and I are going to have a look around. Bill, when we’re out of the room, start a fight. Something big and distracting. We don’t want anyone to come looking for us.” Sherlock stood up and, pushing by John, staggered out from behind the table. He fixed his eyes on the floor, so he didn’t have to look at all the Alphas. John was directly behind him, a stabilising presence at his back.
“John!” The Omega choked. “Please!”
“Erm, trauma surgery. Emergency medicine – I was an army doctor up until a few years ago.”
I shrugged and smiled back. “We’ve all been there, mate.”
It was Mary.
“Oh yes! After I looked at the collection. Marcas had told me to ‘find the angel and have a seat.’ It took a while – The Angel of The City is a sculpture on the canal side of the building, opposite where I entered. There are benches built into the wall right next to it, I searched them for the note – underneath, in the crevices – but didn’t find it... I sat down on one and looked around – I was worried that someone else had found it and thrown it away. But then I saw it, cleverly hidden within the sculpture itself, the same colours and flush with the metal. Almost impossible to see until it fluttered in the breeze, just a little.”
"Yes!"
"If they're talking, I wouldn't want to interrupt." I said icily, smiling at him – the smile that smart people back away from. Selwyn wasn't that smart.
-I could tell that right away-
As Lestrade dialed one of the phones, Sherlock watched the pavement turn to water. It rose up and covered him, enveloping him in blankness.
“The new wife, does Lady Anwen suspect her?”
"Unnecessary. Distracting. Boring."
“I almost told him I asked Sherlock Holmes to come and investigate, so he’d stay.”
"For Christ's sake, John! He wanted to ask me about Mycroft. You're right, they're sleeping together." Sherlock said.
“Absolutely. Text me the address.”
But John was on him before he made it three steps, tackling the shapeless figure to the ground and immobilising him with military efficiency.
“I don’t.” Sherlock interjected. “I don’t expect anything. I want and I hope. But I don’t expect. It’s up to you, John. What do YOU want?”
John would wake up then - always with a raging erection, but without the will to stroke himself. If he were with Shane, he would have to get out of bed and go to the bog. He needed time alone to reckon with fresh grief.
Sherlock was back and climbing under with me a few seconds later. “What is that?” I asked.
I started taking cases via email midweek. John spent hours away from the flat almost every day, returning looking worn out and leaning heavily on his cane. I had no doubt – from the frequency of her texts – that he spent at least some of that time with Mariah.
What had I been thinking? John chased after anything in a skirt – he'd pulled on three continents! He was getting a leg over with Mariah... how had I thought I might tempt him away... I was an idiot.
“But I DO, John. I have to kill her. And you. And the copper. Sherlock knew the rules – either he dies or you do. All three of you. And he’s not dead.”
“Stop that.” Sherlock snapped, taking his hands. “You’re better than anyone else ever could be, John. I don’t care what Mummy and Mycroft think!”
“I guess. I didn’t see him again until later. After Ani called and told him Dad had died.”
“– but if Moriarty thinks you’ve been disloyal to me, he’d punish you. He hates disloyalty. John, trust me on this.”
Sherlock shifted in my arms, pulling back slightly to look into my eyes. “You should know...” He said. “I remember everything, John. Every second we spent together, every word, every look, every kiss and caress. Every laugh. I remember EVERYTHING – it’s kept me going all this time without you.”
There was a compression bandage on his left arm up to his elbow, but John could see the new shape of his limb. It was awkwardly short now, and pointed – the surgeon had reshaped the stump so John could use a prosthetic. He bent his arm experimentally. His forearm rose and fell, but John still couldn’t quite convince himself it was his.
“Not that I question Mycroft’s maths.” I said doubtfully. “But are you sure?”
"That's never stopped you before." John sighed. "Look, I'm going out for a run. When I get back we can talk if you want. Or we can decide what to have for dinner." John got off the couch and walked towards his bedroom.
"Oh, Victor! I missed you so much! It's been hell pretending I don't even like you..." Gereth murmured.
"We have to get him out of here." John was talking about Sherlock.
The memory was distant, faint...
Shane was John’s boyfriend. No matter what privileges Sherlock had been extended during John’s recuperation, Shane was his boyfriend. He had a say in John’s affairs.
I’d been waiting for Mary to bring up Mycroft. I had to explain him, make Mary believe it. I’d thought long and hard what to say and, as with Harry, decided to hew as close to the truth as possible.
"Ok... shhh... it's ok." I tried to settle him back down, but he was agitated and clung to my shoulders, wetting my shirt quite effectively. The flannel fell into the water and I tried to grab it... Sherlock pressed his lips against mine...
“Base, we have the package. Repeat, we have the package.”
"Yes, earlier, thank you. I was just looking for Sherlock. Have you seen him this morning?"
“Mm. Ok.” I said. I slowed our pace, enjoying the day and being with him. I took his arm and he leaned on me as we made our way through Regent’s Park. We arrived back to Baker Street around 17:30. I felt relaxed and happy in a way I hadn’t felt for… years. As I unlocked our front door, Sherlock put his arms around my waist and nuzzled my neck. “That tickles.” I told him, giddy laughter bubbling between us. I pulled him inside, shut the door and pinned him against it, stretching up to kiss him. For once he didn’t flinch, his hands wrapping around my back, his lush mouth pressing against mine. The swipe of his tongue went straight to my groin. I gripped his arse, holding him close, rubbing us together. He was hard almost immediately, groaning in my mouth.
John squeezed me, his strong arms flexing. It was comforting despite everything. “But you aren’t.” He murmured. “You aren’t dead. And you’ll come back. You’ll come back to me.”
“Omega.” She snorted, her voice rusty with disuse. “S’pose this is yer Alpha.”
John heaved the stocky woman into the knot of flailing, fighting bodies. It gave him two or three seconds – he turned back to the Omega and bending, laced his fingers together. “Come on.” John gritted. “I’ll boost you over the wall.”
“Stop!” He laughed, trying to dodge.
I wasn’t laughing now. I stood up and pulled his pyjama pants off. I shimmied out of my jeans and slapped him lightly on the flank.
back. Brazenly. He caught Mycroft’s eye and held it, smiling lazily and letting his hand travel over his abdomen leading Mycroft’s attention downwards...
"When I was being held hostage... it wasn't just the heroin. There was... torture. I thought I could handle it... but it was worse - far worse - than I'd imagined. They turned me into an animal - filthy, cowering, doing anything they asked for the next hit. One of them... one of them kept me like a pet, pimping me out to the others when he didn't want me himself." My hands were shaking despite how tightly they were clasped. "I took comfort knowing that they were going to kill me - that John would never see me like that..." I looked up at Walter. I hadn't meant to say so much. I didn't want to talk about this. "I WANTED to die."
First I put on Nazer’s sweatpants. They were soft and comfortable and he loved them. If I wore them for my beheading, they’d be ruined for him, one way or another. I took a small, petty amount of pleasure from that.
We’d fucked in the living room before – we’d fucked in every room on just about every surface in the past few months – but I could tell he wanted something more romantic right then. I took him to our bedroom and laid him out on our bed and looked into his eyes as I made love to him.
"That might be their problem, not yours."
John is released from hospital.
John fumed. “I had hallucinations.” He admitted. “And I slept a lot.”
"I think he'll take Sherlock there."
I took a slug of my own lager and led Lestrade to a quiet corner. “So? Did you get a photo of Moran? What did the dry cleaner say?”
John paused.
"No." John said. "I won't."
“Get dressed.” He commanded. “We’re going to the mess.”
“Something about the pool water, then?”
"This is William Scott." I said into the receiver.
“You’re still in school, aren't you?”
next chapter - how does John feel about Sherlock's declaration?
“Just a little adjustment to scent suppressants.” Sherlock said – mostly to John. “We’ll be Alphas for the next six to eight hours." The tall Omega frowned in confusion. "You don’t like it.” He observed.
“OK. Good. Push the call button when you’re ready and someone will help you with your I.V.”
I had a minor jolt of panic – what if he didn’t get back in time for me to shoot up again? But I decided it didn’t matter. I wasn’t in withdrawal – wouldn’t be for several hours and I’d be dead long before then. It would be better to be high, I wanted to be high – but it wasn’t necessary.
Sherlock, though, must have read my entire thought process on my face – I swear the man was almost a mind reader when he wanted to be! He looked disappointed for half a second, then sly as he pushed my bum against the sink and knelt, pulling my towel off in the process.
“Yes.”
“What a pleasure.” Virginia said, smiling, and John led them into the laboratory.
The boy shrugged. "For a minute. We were going the same direction."
Shane took his hand and they interlaced their fingers. “It depends. We could find a quiet bar, have a drink and talk…”
"I didn't get much sleep last night." John mumbled.
Next – What has Sherlock done?
“Hm! Has Lestrade brought them in?”
Sherlock was panting hard, red faced with embarrassment but still burning with jealousy. He'd lashed out again, reaching out... not sure what violence he intended ... but John was so fast! He sidestepped the move and Sherlock felt John's hand on his side, his shoulder, then he was bent over the sink, face-first against the mirror.
“Yes. Tuesday, I think. Four p.m. I’ll send the car to the usual place.”
Bruno had a Wikipedia page. There Sherlock learned that he was forty-one years old, unmarried and had sold the option on two of his books to Hollywood. His quote on the subject was a good-natured, "One option per thousand – per ten thousand – actually end up as a movie. I'll believe it when I'm invited to the premiere."
"No, Shane...!"
I was wheeled out of the imaging center, calling for Mycroft. Demanding to talk to him. But no one listened. “Later.” They said. “Calm down. You’re going to surgery now. You’ll see your brother and Dr. Watson when you wake up. They’ll still be here.” I cried in frustration, sobbing into my pillow.
“Thought you didn’t like fighting in here.” I said to the smuggler.
Sherlock didn't answer and Shane pushed his advantage. "You know it too. You know he's better off without you. For once in your life do something for someone else!"
Relief flooded my body. I almost wept as my fears were allayed... but they weren't, not completely. It bothered me that he'd let himself be arrested, that he'd done the criminal equivalent of sending out engraved invitations to New Scotland Yard – and to me. Moriarty had a long game, that was certain. What did going to prison accomplish?
That surprised him. “Nazer.” He told me.
“No. It’s completely unlike him! He texts me almost every day. And he’s never stood me up!” Her lip trembled and I knew she was trying to hold back tears. I took her hand – but I was thinking of Ravi Vaachaspati lying in a filthy alley, slowly bleeding out from gut wounds.
“That’s no excuse.”
Was he ready to give that up? It was time – it was way past time – to grow up. John should find a nice woman, a place in the suburbs, a nine-to-five job... settle down...
“Oh. I, erm, I’m an administrator. A hospital administrator.” She said it ruefully and I chuckled.
Shane started to reply, but stopped himself. He stared Sherlock down. "John didn't tell you my surname." He said.
Church flipped through Sherlock's chart. "GBH." He said, his voice flat.
“Mmmm.” Sherlock wriggled, and John felt a bolt of desire low in his belly, radiating outward.
"Not per se. Hurry up, Lestrade, I want to see if it works.”
“Mrs. Hudson baked biscuits.”
"Oh." Sherlock said, as if just remembering. "I'd like you to take a look at these – if you could. The autopsy results for the two victims." He set the folders on the table.
John!
"That was amazing." John murmured into my hair. "You're amazing!"
Sherlock smiled. “I’m getting the same amount of sleep I always get.” He jacked my cock and I moaned. “I’m just spending more time in bed.”
“Where am I?”
"Oh! Erm... sorry!" It was John, frozen in the doorway between our rooms.
Angus Church chuckled. "He didn't propose again, did he?"
John opened the door. "Come in." He closed the door behind Victor then came to me. "Do you need anything?" He asked me solicitously in a tone just low enough to exclude Victor.
"He said so?"
It would be interesting, I decided, to sit down with him and talk.
For a moment, Dr. Mahon looked like she was going to argue but then she sighed, defeated, and agreed.
"Why?" Sherlock asked.
“What is it you told me? Don’t be a reckless Alpha idiot – leave that to me, Dr. Mahon. We’ll find Molly. Trust me. Trust
“It’s always gone to the eldest male.” Gereth said stubbornly. “Dad went out of his way to change the entailment in Anwen’s favour.”
"Abandon? No. I never want to live without him again."
“Yes.” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock sagged. He dropped into a kitchen chair. Moran knew he was alive. "Did he say he'd let John go if you 'delivered' me?"
"As a soldier, what does this look like to you?"
I looked at him in astonishment. “No! I will never...”
John woke fully aroused and hard from a sex dream – he had been fucking Sherlock in the dream. In reality he was grinding on Sherlock, pressing his cock against Sherlock’s arse, holding himself tightly against his body.
"Not seriously." John said.
He stared furiously at Mycroft.
“That won’t work.” Sherlock said preemtively. “Move your legs forward so you’re kneeling or sitting, not hovering over me like that!”
I looked at the clouds out the window. I always chose this chair, it had the best view. "When I was using before, it was BECAUSE I was bored - because I had nothing in my life that meant anything. Rehab was boring, but no more boring than anything else."
Ianto was pulling items out of his pack – a heavy windbreaker, a thermos, a space blanket. I grabbed the windbreaker and Victor helped me get it under Sherlock’s coat and wrap it around him. I’d worry about getting his arms in the sleeves in a minute. I was opening the thermos and holding it to his lips. ‘Drink!” I shouted. “Sherlock! Drink this!” I tipped it up and saw him swallow. Then again, and again. His hand crept up to hold the thermos as he drank the hot liquid down. When he was finished, his eyes had cleared a little.
John scented the air in the flat, tasting the pheromones. “How are you feeling?” He asked. He kissed Sherlock’s forehead lingeringly, then pulled himself away. “Tea?”
“Text me if you get anything good, Graham.” Sherlock demanded of Lestrade.
John made room for Sherlock in the hospital bed. "They were a gift from an ex-boyfriend. He's never worn them, called them the 'fag pants.'"
The sheets on the bed I’d shared with Sherlock had stopped smelling of him and started smelling like someone unwashed had been wallowing in it for days. So I walked.
Sherlock glanced at him. “Smell for yourself.” He said.
“I know.”
"I don't need you to tell me where he is. Your boyfriend will tell me in exchange for information about you."
I was relieved when Cam’s attention strayed from me. Half the time his eyes were on me, I had the distinct impression he wasn’t looking at me as much as he was accumulating and assessing data. Sherlock did much the same, but Sherlock’s attention didn’t feel malignant. Sherlock was interested in data to solve mysteries and puzzles. To keep himself from being bored, a state his restless genius couldn’t bear. Cam wasn’t bored. I was certain, Cam was deeply engaged using data he gathered to manipulate and cause strife.
He kissed me. It was a feverish kiss – his lips were unnaturally hot, his skin rough, so unlike a woman's. Then he was frantic, pressing kisses on my chin and cheeks as much as on my mouth.
"I was hoping to speak to Sherlock." Victor said.
Sherlock paid Kumaraswami to consult his GPS and take him to the same place the boyfriend had gone three days ago. The cabbie pointed out the building he'd gone into. It was a posh block of row houses in Chelsea with a private park across the street, the kind that the people in the houses fronting the park had keys for.
Sherlock didn't comment as John went directly to the sink and drank from the tap. He got a glass down from the cupboard and handed it to John.
“You don’t understand!” The Alpha screamed, shocking John. “No one understands…” He moaned. “Except Sherlock. You understand, don’t you, darling?” He leaned close to John’s mate – too close, his lips brushing his cheek. John’s stomach churned. “You know what it’s like, being bored.”
John stood up straight and saluted the gravestone.
"Tell me about it."
**I'm still reading my boyfriend's blog** Shane replied.
"Oh fuck" I swore.
More probably he was grateful that Shane was stepping up so John wouldn’t be so devastated when Sherlock disappeared again. Sherlock was relieved he wouldn’t be saddled with John much longer. That thought killed his appetite, such as it was, and he turned away.
John felt relieved to finally be alone.
I wondered idly if Sherlock were still front page news, if photos of me coming to the funeral would be published.
"Smoking and sex." I told him. "Smoking put me in a better mood. And when it got desperate - and it was always desperate - I found someone to shag."
This lesson stayed with me as I grew and learned sports and later combat. Always, always when faced with physical opposition, I became the wolfhunter
I remember the sick thrill of surprise, then the full-blown panic... then I was struck from behind. I hit the pavement hard, my bell rung.
Before pudding, John excused himself and made his way to the bog. He locked himself into a stall. He took care of his business – it was easier to unfasten his trousers one-handed than to fasten them and he struggled with it for a full minute.
“Yes.” Virginia said. “We all can as far as I know.”
“She... I couldn’t think about her – I couldn’t even look at her! She... she made me sad... there was nothing about her that I found appealing in the least.
Only four? It seemed longer.
I felt confused for a moment – John had... I remembered the smell of his hair, the scratch of it on my face... his lips pressing into my neck...
Mycroft hovered over me – he was a hundred times fussier than Sherlock and he’d decided to fuss over me.
"I mean it."
John googled the man's full name and studied the results. He found a newspaper report in the Sheffield Sun dated May 9, 2013.
"What else could it be?" She asked, her eyes wide and innocent.
“I’m not really in the mood to cook.”
Returning to the cell, the political in the lower bunk was waiting for me, bristling. I knew he had been the smuggler’s delivery boy and now I saw that my good fortune was his bad.
Next: Shane has a novel idea. And John makes a shocking discovery!
Lestrade looked dubiously at the photo on my phone. "Even if we find the dry cleaners, we'd have to narrow down the customers somehow."
Was she underestimating him? John hoped so. “Do you prefer ‘Jarhead’ or ‘Leatherneck?’” John asked, purposely leaving his dominant left side open for her attack.
“No, I want to do it. I want to please you.” John’s hand wandered down my thigh and I sighed with fruitless arousal.
John hid his smile by kissing my chest. “You know what I’ve been doing in your bed.”
Sherlock was watching crap telly. John joined him on the couch. It was late, John dozed off. He had a vague memory of pushing Sherlock to move down the couch, but maybe he hadn’t pushed him. John woke up with Sherlock’s arms around him. He was laying on his back, sort of on Sherlock’s lap, sort of pressed against his chest, and Sherlock was holding him.
John was on him in three strides, punching the other Alpha in the face, knocking him to the deck. John had a fistful of the man’s shirtfront, pulling him up for a beating when a small red dot danced across John’s chest. Two more joined it, settling over his heart. The slight Alpha made an exaggerated ‘uh-oh’ face. John let go.
Dogs... lots of dogs... and phone calls, irritating, anxiety riddled phone calls.
“Are you telling me, my incredibly patient landlady is also a recreational pharmacist?” Said Sherlock who slightly swayed as he stood looking at them from the bottom step. “Why am I even asking? The idea of her growing pot in the basement is a pretty decent explanation for the utility bills.”
"You have to admit that Appel is kind of ridiculous," said Ella as she took her stance.
"Don't let Mycroft hear that one, he never really could take a joke," replied Violet.
Sherlock crouched down to take Rosie into a hug and carried her, "no we are not getting a young puppy we are going to get an older puppy. All dogs are puppies if you want to call them as such but we are going to be getting an older puppy, a responsible puppy. The puppy is going to be doing an important job in keeping us all safe." Rosie nodded in understanding. Mrs. Hudson looked at them concerned. "Oh Mrs. Hudson the dog is not a guard dog, it will be a service dog. It's to help with the nightmares and other daily issues we face." Rosie looked at them a bit concerned, "it's okay Rosie, everyone has nightmares, but sometimes folks can have a really hard time waking up from them, so this big puppy's job will be to help wake us up from nightmares. It will also be there to help with other things, as we will discuss as time goes on."
John and Sherlock looked up there was a large group of people on the roof and they were cheering, “Hey boys that was super hot!” “if you ever need an extra, I volunteer!” “That was hottest example of safer sex in an alley, I have ever witnessed.” “Have you heard about PrEP?”  John and Sherlock both looked at each other and started bursting out in laughter.
“Sorry, I should've been more thoughtful,” said John as he got off Sherlock.
John stood up and offered Sherlock his hand, they both were a bit awkward in their steps to the bed room, given that John was starting to deal with the discomfort that is drying cum in one's underwear, and Sherlock was trying to walk without something setting off his overly sensitive lower regions. Sherlock got into the bed in a manner that lacked his usual grace, and John sat on the edge of the bed and watched Sherlock.
“Again Sherlock, just remember you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do and we can stop at any time. Sherlock, you are in control of this okay,” said John trying to make his voice sound full of assurance.
Aithne leaned back in her chair, "would you visit your brother?"
John sighed, “it’s a start.” He signed the paper, and Sherlock, promptly returned it to its spot in the desk. “oh and William dear, folding all the blankets and putting it on the foot of the bed doesn’t count.”
Sherlock peeked up, he was hyped at the idea that John would want to repeat this and he was always down for experiments. He moaned as John took a firm grip again, “four, Five!” He was surprised by the sharp bite he received to his left nipple.
Sherlock started laughing, "I am the wild card in it all, I knew I was included in their stupid pool, and the fact is if the pool get's 15 years old, the last remain betting factor gets all the money, so either I submit my results and win a good chunk of the money, or I hold out till June and I win the entire pot."
Sherlock took a gasping breath, "I honestly don't see why that matters to you, I feel like I am better functioning because things that were previously beyond my reach is making better sense. I was not a better person because I was shutting out my ability to care. I am a better person now that i am allowing myself to care for other people. I am now able to not have to rely on John to get the human aspect of our cases because I am able to see that part of the case without being clouded by things I am suppressing. Oh hello Toby, why are you barking?"
William looked at his friends and started laughing, all the teens started laughing along with him. They all gathered around the table, and started to eat the pizza.
Sherlock pouted as John and him went back into their home. They greeted Mrs. Hudson upon entering.
He ended up looking more into it and ended up finding out that one of the major producers of pup play hoods in the UK was some he already helped and the vendor was more than happy to give him a hood and tail free of charge and in a unmarked, discreet package.
John didn’t know what to do, he went up to Sherlock and wrapped an arm over his shoulder, “it’s Sherlock and I would suggest you go apologize to Sherlock before I make you apologize.” He smiled as Sherlock leaned into his touch, he tried not to make the smile too noticeable. He did have to look intimidating to the big hairy leather man after all.
Sherlock nodded, “Well I am alive, and I need to clean up a bit because he needs to move out of that bed sit, it’s quite miserable and er... maybe he is going to be asked to leave for violating the no overnight visit rule.”
Ella laughed, "you know for someone who carries a sword umbrella, I am starting to think you won't be too good at using it, also for someone who looks so put together  as obvious through most of your outfits you are a rather sloppy fencer. You have some poise but when it cracks, it really cracks."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at his mother's choice of words, but he looked at John as if silently consulting with John to see whether or not they tell his parents. He knew his parents wouldn't like the answer and would probably be very concerned about it, and would probably have a ton of concern for Rosie on top of it and given their renewed efforts in their kids' lives. Sherlock was concerned that this would cause John and him unneeded issues, given that they were already working on the issues at hand and to have more than likely unhelpful input would make things harder.
Sherlock winced, he was still very full, the tentacle was making him very full, and he wasn’t even sure if the other end was reachable. He just knew that Daddy was a trauma surgeon who was spent locum shifts working in emergency departments; so dildo removal was definitely in his capabilities. Sherlock pulled himself into a squatting position. “Daddy, I’m sorry.” He really couldn’t take it anymore with the tentacle winding its way through his guts. So he bared down and had a huge moment of relief as the tentacle fell out of him, but as it exited all its bumps hit him over and over in his prostate. He ended up with a rather intense hard on from it. He looked up at his Daddy not sure what would happen.
"Yeah that's kinda gross," said Blaze rolling his eyes. "Does it bother you because while your body cannot feel pain, your ego is ever so easily bruised."
William and his friends were a bit disappointed because they couldn’t get movie tickets because anything that sounded interesting was already sold out and the next showing for any of those movies would put them out past curfew. They decided to grab a couple of pizzas and stream some movies at William’s house, since after all it was his 16th birthday, it was the first time his dads just gave him the spending money to treat his friends and let him go on his merry way. They had a lovely birthday brunch after all.
"Yes tomorrow morning will work out, but can we alternate between times to ensure that we capture different parts of the day," said Sherlock.
John and Sherlock have now moved on to an established relationship. Sherlock now has a sex drive and he wants to try everything.
He was no longer outside of his childhood home, he was on the floor on an exceedingly plush rug, he was getting licked by a dog, it took a few minutes for his brain to catch up, he was in his bed room, no wait. Their bedroom. No wait. Wait. Wait. Why is it a "their" who was the other part of that equation. SHERLOCK his brain screamed at him, he felt a wave of guilt because he knew what usually happened during his nightmares. He slowly got up and saw Sherlock sitting on top of their bed tensed up and curling into himself, he was taking deep breaths while closing his eyes. John stood quietly looking at Sherlock unsure of what to do.
“I mean I guess they are all right,” Said Sherlock with a slight shrug,
John raised his eyebrows at the comment and tucked it away in his mental checklist of things he needed to poke at later with Sherlock, maybe bring Ella in on it.
“I’m not going to be petty about it out loud, but I am certainly going to remember it,” said John with a smile. He walked up the steps to 221 b only to find Sherlock sunk down his chair deep in thought. John gave Sherlock another fond smile.
"Breaks please," Aithne looked at the board, "I need you to come with me, a second set of eyes would be helpful because there are things I miss unfortunately and you are very much able to fill up my blind spots."
“I better take care of that,” said an older man who was about the same age as Hiram who had silver hair and an amazing beard, he was tall and broad and had fantastic muscle definition for a man his age.
John shrugged, “Perfectly understandable.”
Sherlock nodded, “I’m thinking about taking Ro to the barber tomorrow after we have a talk with the school about the uniform situation. I figure it will make a good first step in the socially transitioning him.”
Kudos and comments are amazing.
"Oh honey, you know he probably got tabs on your ass, he probably got tabs on all our asses. I mean he always knew just too much about every one's business. But it probably pained him to call you," said Blaze. "I mean the man always hated when he came to check on his brother at college and he had to ask one of us where he was."
Solomon returned with Golem, and handed Sherlock two envelopes, "one is the paperwork for Toby, and the other is a receipt for proof of donation for Mycroft."
Sherlock made it a point to copy John as much as he could, he didn’t want to disappoint John. He felt a flutter of happiness every time John flashed him a giant smile of approval at Sherlock’s ability to follow John. Sherlock was absolutely vibrating with excitement by the time they made it up the three flights of creaky stairs up to John’s room. It was a rather sad thing with a desk, a small bed, and an incredibly sad kitchenette that was only a microwave and a tea kettle. There was a dresser and a door Sherlock assumed went to the bathroom.
and gently pried apart Sherlock’s ass cheeks providing John with a whole new angle to watch Sherlock fingering his ass. He nipped at Sherlock’s hand causing Sherlock to immediately remove his finger. John then proceeded to shove his tongue in. John was delivering long, hard strokes with occasionally pulling back to bite at whatever skin looked appealing in that moment.
One of the formulas for deciding to cease the use of condoms is AATM (do they hold your attention, do you find them attractive, how long have you been together, would you trust them with your money enough for you to give them you ATM pin.)
John laughed and gave Sherlock a playful shove, “That is an awful way of convincing me to be your flat mate.”
John raised his eyebrows at Solomon.
“Actually, I am just invested in hearing about the shit you get into,” added Jeanine, “you’re one of the few regulars I actually like, but will I go out of my way to take care of you, no. I mean if there is a good story that could come from it, sure, otherwise we aren’t friends. Also I mean I do have some mild moral obligation to making my patrons get out alive.”
John turned to Sherlock unsure if this was his rudeness or just baseline tone.
Sherlock was basting in the praise, it was pretty obvious that this was a man who was always brilliant but never received much credit for his brilliance. “Do you realize you are doing that out loud?”
John laughed at Sherlock’s little jump, he smirked when Sherlock leaned into his face. He pulled back and spat on the quivering hole in front of him.  He roughly inserted a finger as he delivered a sharp bite to one cheek, which caused Sherlock to jump again but only lead to him pressing himself more on to John’s probing finger. His other hand wrapped around Sherlock’s cock and started stroking him off with a loose hand enough to provide a little bit of sensation but not enough to get him to cum. John laughed at how Sherlock was practically vibrating with energy and how he would squirm as John added more fingers and stretched him open. John kept Sherlock on edge by alternating between the sharp bites and swiping licks all over his back side. But no matter how painful the action John delivered Sherlock seemed to just want more. And John would be more than happy to provide all that he could possibly give.
Sherlock glared at him, "John all of them have been treated in someway that basically stops it from being real honey!" He picks up one, "this one has corn syrup added to it!" He picks up another jar, "this one states that is has been pasteurized!"  He picks up another one, "and this one is just golden syrup in a bear bottle."
"Maybe Daddy would like to trying to read the stories," bargained Sherlock.
“John, the scratches are only around the charging port, you only see those on a drunk man’s phone, never a sober one’s,” said Sherlock, awkwardly fidgeting and flexing his fingers.
John let out a huff of air, “Sherlock’s, I am sure you know exactly where to touch.”
Papa smiled at William, “that is fine, it’s all fine, but we are going to need to clean this all up first.” Sherlock was able to salvage the pan and cleaned off all the marks caused by the smoke, while William opened all the windows to air out the flat. “William, so who are you making this stuff for?” Sherlock already knew full well it was for Phineas, because the only reason William knew how to make all those things was because of Phineas. Sherlock still was annoyed about the slime explosion in William’s uniform trousers from earlier this year. Sherlock also knew that Phineas’ parents couldn’t stand the stuff becuase Phineas always forgot to close the containers of slime, which alway made a mess. Also it was pink, despite Phineas being a trans boy, Phineas’ favorite color was still pink which he knew was a bit of a point of contention amongst the boys in their trans youth group. He always saw Phineas pulling out the small containers of squish when he was antsy or feeling some strong emotions, Phineas would always barely open the lids and just poke at it a few times and immediately shoved it back into where ever he pulled it from, often times forgetting to close the lid. He had an idea in how William could really knock if out of the park. Sherlock also knew full well that John and him agreed on letting William come to his own conclusions and decide when he wanted to tell them himself. “William do you already have containers to store these little items?”
Sherlock bounced off the couch with Rosie and ran up the stairs to her room to change her diaper. John gave a slight look of “why the hell are you leaving me alone with them?” as Sherlock ran off to the changing table on the second floor bathroom.
John smiled and got up and started to explore the flat. He was amused at the bull skull with the
Sherlock turned to John, "oh did he say what the current results are? I got money in that."
“Fuck you,” yelled the leather daddy, and he swung a punch at Sherlock who ducked out of the way, the man threw another punch.
Mycroft leaned forward slightly out of his chair and leaned on his umbrella.
his ass cheeks get spread and John’s tongue started probing his hole. He leaned into John’s face trying to get as much of John as he was willing to give. He let out a moan as John pulled back and spat on his hole, John’s hands started to drift to his cock. He slumped forward as his arms gave out from under him. He groaned when John’s hands left his cock.
Molly was curious about that stare down happening between the two of them. She nodded as she finished writing the order down, “Okay, I’ll be right back with your orders.”
“Yes, it is,” Replied Sherlock as he watched John’s reaction as he proceeded to suck back down the dildo. Sherlock lowered his hand to his ass and he started fingering his hole as he loudly moaned around the dildo.
Sherlock hissed as the cold lube hit his cock, he moaned as John took hold of his cock. “One, ah, two,” Sherlock took a deep breath he was way too close for his liking, he wanted to enjoy this. “THREE!” Gasped Sherlock as he tenses up because John delivered a stroke where John tugged at his foreskin, adding a bit  more sensation to  the sensitive tip. He wrapped his arms around John, and pulled him closer.
John looked down at Sherlock and smiled, “you good, Sherlock?”
"Most do, but some folks need life long follow up. Did you get them as a kid?" Asked John.
John looked at the whole scene  impressed at Sherlock’s observation, “definitely not our usual participant.” He was definitely intrigued by the man, John thought that the man was definitely interesting and even if they weren’t flat mate material he’d want to be the man’s friend, if not the very least would be getting Mike or Molly to share more about him.
"Be mindful Mycroft, I could've ended this a lot sooner," quipped Ella. She did a quick jump backward and parry as Mycroft lunged forward. "I really hope you are a man of your word, because from what a certain someone said, you plowed over their request for more privacy, I am going to assume loosing this will have to force your hand if you are indeed a man of your word."
"Yup, that is much better," said John.
Aithne looked at the table around her during the usually Saturday family dinner, it was one of the weekends where their dad, Hiram, was in town, he was only an hour away by plane, but he didn’t feel the need to make the trip more than once a month, he just liked being in their lives, he was willing to give them as much affection as they were willing to receive from him.
“It’s okay, John we both need this right now,” said Sherlock, motioning for John to accept his hug.
John and Sherlock sat listening against the door. “Well it looks like you made quite the impression on William’s friends again,” said John as he kissed Sherlock on the tip of his nose. As they sat at the door, John was pressing some ice packs on Sherlock’s knees, since they got bruised from the impact of flying to floor to spare William some embarrassment.
Shane massaged John's legs, kneading the large muscles of his thighs through his jeans. John smiled at him lazily, stretching his arms over his head. Shane kissed his ribs, one by one, his breath hot against John's skin. By the time he reached the bottom and started down John's abdomen towards his navel, John's prick had rejoined the action. Shane smiled with satisfaction and began unbuttoning John's flies.
It was a relief when Lestrade texted.
John regarded me. “Sherlock, you don’t have to tell me anything about the last year. You don’t have to tell me where you’ve been or who you’ve been with, what you’ve been doing – because I trust you. I trust you. But, Sherlock, you aren’t fine. There – there’s that look again. It breaks my heart. Please, Sherlock, let me help you.”
I should have said 'no.’ I should have denied it soundly. But I’d just claimed not to lie to him.
Sherlock heard the unspoken ‘but’ at the end of that sentence and waited, eyes still downcast.
The therapist had a bemused look when she finished reading the letter.
“Her. And I’m fine.” John assured him. “What... what happened to you?”
John chuckled briefly. He relaxed into Shane's arms, enjoying the feel of the other man's breath against his neck. His troubles were still there but Shane had always been able to make John feel calm.
“Yeah... I’m not sure how he got the idea we were mates.”
“‘Caring is not an advantage.’" Sherlock taunted. "It’s practically Mummy’s motto. I thought you’d embraced it wholeheartedly.”
Sherlock’s no-doubt caustic comment had been cut off by Mummy. She was impatient for her turn with Rosie. John’s daughter took after her father — blonde, compact, easygoing until you ran up against her stubbornness and temper. She was almost two now, and though the bags under John’s eyes had deepened, he glowed when he looked at her.
“Really?” Sherlock asked, astonishment in his voice.
It would be so much easier to do what I had to do here if I had never met John.
"But YOU got him back! You didn't really lose him!"
“Ok. Thanks, Alfred. I, erm, do need you to hold her – here.” John stepped towards the Omega and he flinched violently. But he controlled himself and allowed John to approach. “Maybe sit down with her until everyone is free.” John suggested, nodding at a chair.
The relief was overwhelming. John shuddered and sobbed, choking on it. "I'm sorry." He managed. "I didn't mean to drive them away."
^^^ Seb is still MIA? ^^^
John cleared his throat the way he did when he was emotional.
"Yeah. Or neither of them."
John kicked my legs wide apart and stroked my buttocks. “Oh my god.” He said under his breath. He’d found it, his surprise. He’d seen how I’d prepared for him.
Before this, Mycroft had only seen Jim Moriarty’s cleverness snd charm. He had thought it would be a good match – he had wanted to give Sherlock his intellectual equal, not a mate who would drag him down.
I needed to feel in my body how much he wanted me – I believed he loved me, why else had he extended our friendship into the physical? John wasn’t selfish or capricious, not in that way. He HAD to want me for our affair to continue.
"You faked your death and let him mourn for a year and a half. His feelings for you ... will be complicated. But if he DOES still return your feelings – why would that be bad?"
John was standing in the doorway to the loo. I looked over his shoulder. The tub was full of white powder that CSI had partially disinterred revealing a body.
“Mary.” I was appalled. “That must have been terrible.” It was my turn to lay a comforting hand on her arm.
He glanced over at Mycroft to see his reaction — and caught him
“Moran – that’s the bloke you killed.” John confirmed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He deferred to you all the time, John! Any time you thought he was being rude – anything he didn’t understand, courtesy, common customs – you were the ONLY person he’d listen to.”
Nazer gawped at me and crossed himself.
I put my hands on either side of his head and pushed my hips forward, into his mouth. His hum of approval vibrated up my erection and into my balls. John's mouth was amazing - I'd forgotten how amazing, how hot and wet and willing... He pressed softly on my arse, urging me forwards and I thrust, feeling his throat contracting around me. It was incredible! So, so good. I pulled back and thrust again, deeper into his throat. I began to fuck John's beautiful mouth, violating his throat, pushing myself as deeply as I could. My balls struck his chin with each stroke. I could feel the orgasm building within them as they tightened and thrust harder, faster. It was heaven. It was John! My John! I was almost there! I grunted, sweating, searching for the rhythm that would tip me over… I gasped with equal parts pleasure and effort, ramming my cock into John over and over and over… but I just… couldn't get there…
Sherlock groans and starts stuffing his mouth full of popcorn: “I did not expect it to be that hard.”
Sherlock rages at a fifth grader from Slytherin, who is staring miserably at their orange potion.
I’ll better be off in a few minutes, I will have to relieve the babysitter of Rosie.
to get shot and John being forced to shoot his wife.
He finishes the bandage with a knot. “You are my best Christmas gift, but only alive. My life has never been better without you. I go miserable when you leave for the shopping after one hour. Your presence in my life gives me endless joy.
. Sherlock’s feelings didn’t last for long.
Sherlock declares convincingly and urges his partner to get on with it, damn it.
comments around him.
Sherlock was crying now, tears were running down his face. The once so proud man dropped to his knees and folded his hands into a prayer. Lestrade stood by, watching helplessly. What was John doing and why was no one coming to fix all of this!
He asks Sherlock around his full mouth. Sherlock clutches his cup of tea and declines to answer. He has a headache and two classes of first graders waiting for him and all he can think of are the events on Halloween. Should he takes John hand?
Fortunately, this protection arrived at her wedding day, when an emotionally vulnerable Sherlock made the wrong deduction about her being pregnant. It was laughable easy. John believed it because Sherlock deduced it, and she just had to look shocked and then smile. For goodnes’s sake, both her and John are medically trained, and yet John never asked her how it happened, although they always use condoms, and she takes the pill (she doesn’t want any nasty surprises).
! Willow you
She must have put in the tincture he himself taught his students on their first day at Hogwarts. The tincture that weakens a potion’s biggest effect. Intended as a safety net, now abused as a weapon.
John should have called it a Study in Red after all.
body double, Jeanette (he thinks that was her name) breaking up with John and John destroying Sherlock’s socks index. Not a perfect evening, by all means. At least they still lived together, although the mystery around Irene Adler weighted down on them. John now knows that neither Sherlock nor Irene were ever romantically interested in each other, but then he believed Sherlock to be heartbroken
When he opens his eyes and sees blond hair and blue eyes above him, he throws ups.
from Dr. Seuss, together with a
glared at him: “Another sound from you, and you can start looking for another place of work!
sneered.
Against the Dark Arts teacher has hung up a few posters with helpful commentaries on how to approach that dangerous situation. There is a big picture of a
Sherlocks world dissolved into nothingness.
The detective inspector was following a long corridor, hoping that the large, heavy-looking door would be his final destination. Of course the polite thing would have been to meet Greg at the house door, but after all the Holmes were never a polite family. He pushes the door open
How could a single man be so lucky?
“My grandmother’s, actually. She is French.
“You shot your wife.
John had always been home to him, more than a house ever could be.
answered Marley, and it was indeed Old Marley’s voice.
Sherlock is left alone at the grand entrance, totally speechless. A cat with a particular fur runs across from him, and Sherlock could swear he hears her giggle.
John says.
The older boy snorted: „Whatever. Just make sure he stops coughing, or we’ll make him stop.“
“Years of close observation, with only one test subject.
This is an unplanned sequel to "Let's Go Home", my fic for the #Always1895 June writing prompt. Some people asked for  more chapters and I started to get interested too.
Mary was waiting for John, cuffed to the table in the interrogation room. John had to take the elevator down to meet her, and it all reminded him of James Bond films.
Santa said pleasantly.
“They will visit at that specific time. You will never see me again, and for your own sake, remember what happened here today and what I told you!
“You are too late. I have already told John everything.
In the presence of God I make this vow.
Gregory asked and spread his arms wide,
John asks abruptly.
His kidnapper didn’t waste much time with working him open. He showed him a huge and wide plug (really, what a terrible word).
Sherlock stares on the white ground.
John sighed: “Mary, listen.”
“Oh god, Sherlock…
“Yes, I promise you that.”
And how does this idea make him feel?
The only good part about it was you. You told me we should be friends, and I agreed.
Sherlock says.
“Don’t worry. From now on, I will date consulting detectives only.” John laughed, and the elevator closed to hide Mycroft’s horrified face.
Sherlock lays back down. John’s finger find themselves tangled back in his hair, and Sherlock lets out a cat-like “
“Yes, I am just… overwhelmed." Sherlock stops to gesticulate at the scene. " You are here, and I love you so much.
He whispers to Molly over the espresso machine.
John says, and, alright, this is not what Sherlock expected.
“If you were better at planning I wouldn’t have to act!"
She shrugs:
Fourth, John stopped loving her the second he found out she shot and nearly killed Sherlock.
“He nearly bled out, right there in that dirty alley.
John continues:
Oh, how he would love to prowl the forest, hunting for fresh meat! His throat is dry and his mouth opens to gnarl, wanting to eat, to destroy.
The former
John jumps to his feet, panicked.
Sherlock mumbles and hurries out. He disappears into the crowd, and wishes he could fully disappear as well.
“Wait a second. Breath, for god’s sake, I’m not leaving.“
"It would also better for Rosie, I think. Of course, the room upstairs is a bit too small for two, but it will work for a while. We could go back on cases too, and Mrs Hudson or Molly can look after Rosie when we are busy..."
Sherlock sighs into John’s shoulder and the doctor’s lips brushes over his short dark hair. The soldier marched out of the now completely empty room, his charge safely in his arms. Lestrade followed. He would ask for an explanation another day. It was clear to him, that whoever brutalized Sherlock, had already met a brutal end in the hands of the clever doctor.
“Sherlock, wait.
"I thought long and hard about it, but I have made my decision. I want to move back in here, together with Rosie."
He says enthusiastically.
tell you?
“He is crazy.
gods, his voice. Deeper than he guessed, and it flowed down his back like honey. The moving lips looked even more delicious.
cried
“Do you need anything? I brought biscuits, if you are hungry. And I can call for tea.
“Thank you.
And is through. Fresh air, lights, no mirrors, grass under his shoes! Sherlock gasps and presses his hands in front of his mouth to stop himself from throwing up.
- HOLY
“Greg. I’m sorry for the sudden intrusion, but we didn’t know where else to go.” John said, apologetic.
‘ stuff.
Nothing in London had the power to crack open his cold armour. No rain or cold wind bothered him, no snow storm, no fresh spring breeze. When he takes one of his daily walks, no one ever enquires about his whereabouts, his health. No one ever invites him on a cup of tea. No one ever asked him for the time, or directions, or help.
Without hesitating for a second, Sherlock sprints around John and starts to search.
Sherlock is laying on a stretcher in the ambulance now, wrapped in a few blankets. The paramedic have finally found a functioning vein and used a drip to get some much-needed fluids into the detective’s body. John is hunched close to the detective, holding his other hand, the one with the bloody letters. John didn’t have the strength to think about them more closely.
John was shackled to Mary, through their rings, his promises to her and now through that damn pregnancy. His dream of a quiet life turned out to be a nightmare he could not shake himself out of. Mary shot Sherlock. Sherlock nearly died. Sherlock shot
It is my job to protect.
shared the class, so naturally Sherlock and John had huddled together in the last row, silently discussing the three curses.
The students nod. Sherlock continues.
"Probably. You still caught the terrorists, though."
„You have a fool mouth for someone who is as low to the dirt as we all are.“
Now that John had returned to him, the whole event didn’t seem so horrible
. Bad day for his violin playing, good day for the store. He can live with that.
finishes her work quickly, and clears both of them ready to go. The two boys close the heavy door behind them, and John does not wait for another second.
“Can you- can you sit down?
of despair, anger, joy?
Sherlock curled into him and hides his face in John’s shoulder. Greg was pretty sure that there are enough wheelchairs in this hospital, but Sherlock’s looked mostly at peace now, although he was still shaking from the pain.
That’s how they ended up on the train, going from their small city to London. They have arrived this morning, and John wanted to go to Covent Garden to listen to the famous street musicians.
“My father gifted me a gorgeous pocket watch!
Molly blushes a bit. Sherlock wonders when these two will figure it out.
“Who were you then?
“John, it’s fine.
The lie rolls easily off his tongue. Sherlock does not want to bring John into this stupid rivalry game, whatever Mary is playing.
Whatever state Sherlock was in, John would bring him home.
John says, the tip of his finger circling Sherlock’s hole.
didn’t you?“ , John teased.
She tried to look at the crying man through John’s eyes, to maybe find out why her husband is so obsessed him. That is one thing she will never understand.
What a tosser.
“Thank you, so, so much. I don’t know how to make it up to you.
"I don't know what to do. How can I fix it?"
Finally, he was able to hear the words John had been saying the whole time. It was basically a lot of swearing with some comforting words threw in. Sherlock nearly smiled at this normalcy. John chucked his jacket and formed it into a pillow for Sherlock to lose while he rolled him into the recovery position.
Mrs. Hudson is working at the busy counter of the small café, serving customers their teas, hot chocolates and strawberry muffins. She winks at him and drags a cup of steaming coffee into his direction. Sherlock thanks her, takes the hot cup carefully and walks with Molly to the shelves at the end of the store.
“The flower in your hair.
“Of course.
John is home.
He still has a couple of minutes left, so he sprints to the stationery next door and pays a large, lilac poster (not that John can tell the difference between lilac and purple) and a black pen. He scribbles down the word J O H N in capital letters, and after the suggestion of the woman behind the counter, also medically correct heart as quick as he can manage. The woman wishes him good luck and Sherlock returns to the terminal just in time.
John asks, his pupils wide open with lust.
“There is just one problem.
, the seven-year older brother immediately lifted his head at his Grandmas question and now listens with a dark expression.
Sherlock says helplessly. John is staring into the flames, lost in thought.
“I do, I must. But why do you wander the earth, and why did you come to me?
John asks, his voice sounding impossibly small.
“Yes…
He had closed his eyes when his kidnapper had punched him, and now he doesn’t find enough strength to open them again.
John sighed: “Really, now?”
Sherlock tries saying back, and John smiles.
Onto the next round.
“John, what the hell. I’m glad you texted, but, who is that?” He asked and pointed at Sherlock.
“It is ugly.
Warnings (do not read if you don't want to be spoiled!): Minor Character Death.
And we will talk about your dangerous behaviour later.
Sherlock desperately wants him too. He wants to be kissed by John, because that one, short, interrupted time was definitely not enough. Seven years of Hogwarts and the eight years after it, he never experienced any of these feelings he is having now. But then, he has met John only just now. This must be what thousand of books, films, and his parents always described.
One of his enemies crashes into him, and Sherlock falls down the mountain for the third time today. He is falling and falling into the abyss, while his opponents race away, not even sparing a glance for him.
Sherlock said his name like a prayer, and John was reminded of a similar but reversed situation down in the basement just minutes ago. He scooped all of his courage up from the floor and cupped Sherlock’s face with his hands.
They didn’t have a chance to talk yet. Their first meeting took place right at the altar, and the veil around his face was too thick to read John’s expression properly. He didn’t look thrilled, but then he had probably also harboured the delusion of marrying for love and was now being settled with the son of his biggest enemy.
training?
“Professor.
"Okay, so, no cases then."
The gentleman takes up his pen.
and your date can enjoy the food.
Damn it! The phone is falling through his quivering fingers, and he resigns himself to pay for a new touchscreen, when someone loudly gasps.
“You are so tight, sweetheart. You are amazing.
“This is all nonsense! Tomorrow morning I will wake up and remember none of this!
textbook.
“She also taught my older brother,
It was his brothers funeral and there were only a few people attending. Of course his parents were there and Anthea and Lady Smallwood also sat in the third row but after them no one came.
Sherlock asks, and hands the ladle around. In a matter of minutes, everyone has flower in their hair, and after some enthusiastic convincing, Sherlock puts one flower into his hair, behind his ear.
Sherlock stared at him. Did he mean
. He planned to apologize to the kind old lady with the purple coat who called the ambulance on him, and then find his old dealer and overdose for real this time. Explode in a sea of glory and pain. Drown in ecstasy.
Smith.
“May I remind you that my husband and your future king will arrive back home in most likely a few hours and will definitely notice when I‘m missing a limb or twice.
He demands shouting, and John laughs. Three more desperate thrust, and Sherlock spills all over their bellies, nearly sobbing with relief. John holds him through it.
Sherlock answers back, and the two students smile at each other (and Sherlock’s heart is fluttering like crazy again).
“You really don’t. My landlady, Mrs. Hudson, can attest to that.
“Christ, Sherlock. Are you alright?
noticed immediately how different their connection was then, compared too now. Gregory had met his parents twice and obviously knew them from stories. The younger brother welcomed him into his private room without a second thought, and Gregory seemed at ease in it.
This slave must be a nuisance if they secured him so tightly! He needed to know more about him.
"Of course. I could never sacrifice John."
Two fingers on Sherlock’s left hand began stroking John’s hand, which startled the doctor into interrupting the discussion and stooping down into Sherlock’s eye view. The detective blinked at him, which prompted John into a smile. Greg took discreetly a step back, he didn’t want to crowd them.
mean, that's my name. I'm Sherlock.
Sherlock accidentally clicks the button too early and the fish disappears into wherever fishes go in Animal Crossing. The void?
, to save his precious brother from being exiled. Her husband had arrived a day later, kissed her on the cheek and made her dinner.
, John? He need help urgently.
appeared to be nice, but John did not really trust her. All of Mary’s friend appeared not to be entirely nice to John, but they weren’t his friends, thank god. Well, as a married couple Mary will want him to attend all the boring couple meetings and diners with their friends, while acting like everything was good.
masterpiece however is Sherlock’s slightly adjusted
“Your Majesty! Your trusted subjects believe that the Holmes have hurt our treaty. The hostage needs to be punished for the crimes of his family.”
“Dear god, I can not even contemplate it. It would have killed him, never walking again. I pressed my hands on the wound to stop the bleeding, and he looked terrified.
When John carefully washed his hole with the flannel, Sherlock felt another shudder of pleasure running through him. His right leg curled around John’s shoulder before he even registered it.
“Do you plan to kiss John at midnight?
“There is Watson, guaranteeing the first win for the Baker School this season…
was above such childish nonsense. He wore his brown hair short and always carried himself with an imposing, arrogant and confident manner, and why shouldn’t he? He had brought a considerable amount of wealth over his adoptive family.
“I guess she’ll expect us both on Christmas Day at their house, correct?
deserves a colleague who is not knocked out every month thanks to an incurable disease.
Professor Watson, my little brother can do that.
from the slave.
To have and to hold, from this day forward,
got away with much more dangerous stuff.
caught himself humming to the music.
Nobody moves, until John claps his hands.
"No, I don't want you to move back in here."
“I’m not.
Sherlock offers instead, pointing at the giant cake. The house elves have created a few special Halloween themed receipts for today.
), where they are now
Brown leather restraints were applied around his arms and legs, restricting his movement to a minimum. They were wrapped around his wrist and ankles and tied to the side of the bed. Greg could hear John preparing with the doctor Sherlock’s discharge, but Lestrade could only focus on Sherlock's face that resembled a ghost.
Sherlock waves his switch through the air in frustration: “There is nothing to do! I already did all the university tasks for this week, I am not allowed to play my violin too much because it disturbs Mom and Mycroft, and I cannot even get out for grocery shopping!”
field. Sherlock spies two first years, five second years, four third years and three fourth years. Eight girls and six boys.
sighs dramatically. “I think, if I were Sherlock Holmes at the moment, I would be scared to death.
He slurs with difficulty.
“Don’t be angry with me,
Much too late for that advice, dear brother.
“I can tell when you are fibbing, Sherlock Holmes.
“John got fouled by a blue player!
“Because a little thing affects them. I must have eaten something wrong in the tavern, something that upset my stomach. Or I drank too much whiskey and am now hallucinating. Or I worked to hard and you are a symptom of my stress. These are all perfectly possible explanations.
John leads the slave upstairs, while Mrs
He looked angrily up from his book, some ridiculously long Winston Churchill biography, and hissed at him: “For goddess sake, Sherlock! Behave some, would you?
John tells him, and
It is unlikely that we will get the most terrified ones. Hopefully, every participant will have flown a round on their broom before.
“I can assure you, I build it only with the best material.
“Stop it, you are killing him.
Because you just gave me
John says, his voice quivering with anger in every syllable.
Sherlock realizes. He could try find a bank and sit down there, but he wasn’t in the mood of feeling himself around. Of course his phone doesn’t work either on the underground, and it’s still too crowded to effectively use his walking stick.
Cheeky girl, that is…
“Do you fancy Thai for dinner?
He shows Paddington to a wooden chair in the middle of the room.
"You tried to overdose on that plane."
of his rival. The man crashed to his knees, gasping, and when John was finally over him, he just had to punch the trident out of his hand and put his
“Hello Mr. Holmes. Please call me Paddington.
John whispers, his fingers ghosting through Sherlock’s curls, and Sherlock sleeps.
Sherlock adds, and the two boys hang their heads, no doubt imagining their parents reaction.
Sherlock was chocking and spluttering and his face was probably already turning red too-
Sherlock and John break into Culverton Smith's house.
“JOHN!
“I packed blankets.
teacher, is wearing a red gown and large orange wings. Sherlock has expected this costume when the shy teacher had asked him last week about a potion that makes a person spit fire. This costumes certainly has the potential to either be spectacular or burn the castle down.
"Yes, you did all that, but you had reason to do that.“
“Thank you.
“Tell me when it gets too much or I need to slow down.
Then he focused on Gregory
screams, and throws his pen after his giggling brother, who quickly makes his way downstairs.
That’s why he cannot understand who steals his precious orange marmalade every morning. Every day of the week, his breakfast had gone missing, and Paddington could not figure out who the hell would do this to him. His orange marmalade is loved by everyone in the street (except of course Mr. Curry), and if they wanted some of it, they can just ask. Judy is busy with her girlfriend, Jonathan with his grades, Mrs Brown with her paintings and Mr Brown is strangely avoiding him, so there is only one person he can talk about this.
“Do you want to go ahead to his room while I look for an empty spot?“
He was on holiday for a week, but unfortunately Mary still had to work, so John spent the last two days with a lot of reading and catching up on various Netflix shows. Today though, he didn’t want to be lazy, and as soon as Mary had closed the door behind her, he dressed himself and thought about his plan.
With an exhaustive sigh he drops on his comfy bed. With a flick of his wand, he opens the wall behind his bed frame.
“Sounds good. To me or to you?
A freaking door.
Mary purrs, her hand not wavering.
“Doctor Watson is already at work, I presume?
Sherlock stopped: "W-What?“
. Molly hangs the sign announcing the Trivia Game to the door, and the three are left waiting for any volunteers.
"You are already a good man, Sherlock."
They carefully make their way out of the castle to the stables, where John’s trusted horse awaits, already saddled. Officially, Sherlock isn’t supposed to know how to ride horses, but then, he also isn’t allowed to educate himself further than their private teacher allows. At 17 years old, there is no book in the Watson library that Sherlock hasn’t read at least once.
“I am the Ghost of Christmas Past.
Today was Saturday, and normally Sherlock would sleep in, but it was also the first of December. He and John had this little tradition where they would watch Hagrid bring in the giant Christmas Tree into the Great Hall, and later watch Flitwick decorate it.
to join us, but he is too busy feeling important.
The rest of the lesson goes by smoothly. Sherlock walks from table to table to  check everyone’s process and improves the tincture here or there. At the end of the ninety minutes, all first graders have a functioning ingredient and Sherlock has two book orders on his table.
No one answers.
“Ding Dong.
“Do my parents know?
“A few years ago, my brother and I had to plan our parents wedding anniversary. That was much worse.
“Do you believe in me or not!
He says unnecessary.
has the audacity to react surprised.
Sherlock stops fiddling with his cuffs of his black suit. He doesn't know what to expect.
I hope you enjoyed this little story, and I wish you all a Happy New Year.
It will never be me, Sherlock realizes with a sudden clarity. He will never choose me. I blew it by jumping from that bloody roof and nothing has ever been the same.
“Something wrong, Doctor Watson?
will improve now as well.
“I am fine.
He needs a long holiday. Preferably a lonely beach. These two will be the death for him.
“Because
Sherlock had met many people in his thirty-six years, and most of them were a bit not good. There were his parents, his smart mother and his quiet dad, both very loving, but ultimately not understanding him. There was
“It’s
asked
John crawled to Sherlock (noticing again how terrible small and cold the room is - what was Mary thinking?) and reached for Sherlock’s hands with shaking fingers. Sherlock’s hand was clammy, frozen, but John could detect a pulse. John heaved a loud sigh of relief.
John frowned. A man, only two years younger than him, who didn’t have had sex already? He glanced back at the slave, whose face was red with shame, while dozens of men were openly leering at him.
John’s heart sung – he’d protected his Omega from the riot of Alphas! (
"Right. Thank you." I moved to leave the kitchen.
Then, as he wrapped Shane in his arms, John caught sight of the magenta-scarred stump and his happy tears changed to tears of frustration and pain. For twenty minutes he'd completely forgotten about his disfigurement – he'd felt normal. He had flexed his fingers, all ten of them, whilst they'd wrangled. Forgetting wasn't a gift – it was twice as painful to remember.
John remembered himself and pulled out, petting Sherlock’s sweaty face, kissing and praising him, astonished that he was here with this fantastic creature...
"Your brother..." He kept the gun pointed at me.
“Half five. Visiting hours are until 8 pm, but throw me out whenever you get tired of me, dear.”
“That’s extortion.” I said.
“Good, Johnny boy!” The Alpha gloated. “Good!” He climbed slowly to his feet. “He’s a feisty one, Sherlock. I see why you like him.”
“Sherlock says he doesn’t want you to see him like this. He’s being quite irrational about it.” Mycroft sat heavily in a chair on the opposite side of the corridor. “They forced drugs on him –
I started a systematic search of the flat – in drawers and cupboards, bins, under furniture. There was the slight outline of a body on the bed, as if someone had kipped on top of the duvet, someone about six feet tall. In the living room, the carpet had divots where a chair had been – it had been moved next to the couch. This is where he set up, I thought, examining the window and wall for more evidence. I doubted he would have been careless enough to leave prints, but it was possible.
There was more about the funeral, but John only skimmed it. This was a revelation! Angus' boyfriend had died! After he left Angus? Or is this HOW he 'left.'
"I don't know. Not yet."
"We thought it better not to tell you – knowing armed Betas were following us around might rile your protective instincts."
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve never seen him be so warm with anyone.” John said, careful to assume a non-threatening position.
“Yes! Your mums sent me to find you. Are you ok?”
“Sleep, John. I’ll make sure you’re safe in your dreams.”
“It’s been over a year since your friend passed.” She said. “You are beyond grief. You are depressed.”
“Perhaps.” Sherlock said. “Or conducting an experiment, attempting to cure some defect. Or breed a cure for another person’s illness.”
I shifted my weight to look into his eyes. They were bright gray this morning, with great black centers. Despite the hint of nonchalance in his voice, I could see he was apprehensive.
Omega was deeply soothing… they were together. They were ok. John closed his eyes and slept.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away and my heart sank. It was difficult to not simply throw open the door and walk into his room. Finally my phone vibrated.
"I'm not sure how to say this."
"This is me." Shane said as their taxi pulled up outside a rather posh town home, the kind that came with keys to a private park. They went in, Shane had the third floor flat – large open living/dining area, larger than the entire flat at 221b Baker St. The well-appointed kitchen was smaller – almost a boxcar kitchen – but open to the dining area so it didn't feel cramped. One corner by the front windows was dominated by a desk with a laptop and stacks of books and papers piled on and around it. A comfortable looking couch sat on a thick area rug opposite a flatscreen telly and a Scandinavian blonde wood dining set that had seen better days lurked near the kitchen.
Sherlock smiled to himself. "No. It's too dull. I can't be bothered."
“About why I’ve taken in the Omegas.” She said. “Is it so hard to believe I might act charitably?”
Did Mycroft know I’d been compromised? He was supposed to have a guard or two in his pocket, but I hadn’t found them. And I would have known them on sight. Had my brother abandoned me here? Did he know I’d succumbed to drugs once again and washed his hands of that pathetic man in the mirror?
I wasn’t going to argue that point, she wouldn’t listen anyway. “MY life or death, Harry! MINE! If I can’t convince people that I’ve spent the past two weeks here with you, my life is in danger.”
“Mm.” Sherlock replied weakly, pressing his knee against Shane's leg to calm him (he'd watched Moran bleed out, the sight of the blade would be causing a storm of emotions). “It’s easy to inject, innit... not so easy to kill with a knife. You can’t walk away whilst your victim just ...falls asleep ...and dies. You’re there, slashing and stabbing, feeling the flesh under your blade. Hitting bone. There’s blood everywhere, spurting, pooling. All over you. So much blood. It’s harder than you can imagine.”
"Sherlock... ?"
“Shut up, Lestrade!” Sherlock struggled, swinging his legs, clinging to the ladder. Finally, he managed to get a lanky limb onto the platform and heaved himself up onto it where he lay panting. Lestrade could see his face, pale even for him and sweaty. “I know what I’m doing!”
“Sherlock?” John sounded surprised and I hated him for it. “Are you mad at me?”
“Melanie in a strop?” Sherlock asked.
Until Harry’s thirteenth birthday. A group of Alphas had come to the house and showed their mother a contract. Their father had sold Harry’s virginity for 500 quid. John had barely gotten a look at the contract before greedy hands were guiding Harry to the door.
“Since when do you play matchmaker?” John asked.
John looked at his pale and graying fingers. He could ALMOST feel them, almost make them move... but that was a trick of his mind. It was dead. John felt despair crushing in on him.
She knows how lucky she is to be in that school!”
It was a statement, not a question, but I answered anyway. “Erm, yeah.”
"Of course I told John."
Greg’s shell-shocked expression lasted until I handed him a pint.
“Home Secretary? Not the Deputy PM?”
“That wasn’t a dream?”
This information ruled out Nurse Measing. Before the toxicology report had been finalized, he'd set traps for her that she blithely ignored. Sherlock had followed her after her shift...and been thoroughly bored. She wasn’t in the habit of going to clubs or parties – she had few friends and almost no social life. She was a classic introvert, preferring solitude and feeling uncomfortable in large groups. That might explain her strangeness on the ward – she simply didn’t relate to other people very well.
Now my partnership with Mycroft was at an end. I’d go back to rehab and he’d go back to thinking of me as an irresponsible little boy. Why even bother with rehab? It was too hard. I’d probably fail at it anyway. I could find a flop house and a reliable dealer....
“No. Of course not. Clearly everyone was right.” It was somewhat galling to have to admit that.
"Just fifteen. His share will be held in trust until he's twenty-one."
“I’ll take Molly on the stairs.” John told Alfred. The girl was holding up her bright auburn head on her own now, but her eyes were still unfocussed. John carefully picked her up again – with the adrenalin still surging through his system she weighed almost nothing.
“You don’t need to thank me for that.” John growled.
“If both of us being here is too much, it’s OK to send me away.” Shane said, unperturbed. “Or send him away. Or tell us both to leave. Or we can all be here together. Whatever you need.”
