"This time, yes," you grumble.
He is having a child."
"That's not the issue here."
"Because you're an idiot."
And without further warning she puts the baby in your arms. Harry, who is sorting cutlery in the kitchen with Chris, turns to you with a smile.
That was rather the point. "Be quiet."
John opens his eyes. Blinks. Sherlock blinks back, and feels stupid about it.
would be able to tell you're scared right now."
As if getting the message, Moriarty smirked and walked back, admiring the view for a second before leaning against the table and staring at him intently. Enjoying the show. Sherlock closed his eyes again, lest he just threw up here and now. And that wouldn't make for a very
As for now, he just wants to find a way to release the anger and the stress. He thinks of Chris, and of what she told him. What if she was right? He didn't care who he'd be sleeping with since they wouldn't mean anything. Moreover, men still gave him the impression to be less relationship-obsessed, and more likely to be perfectly fine with a one-night stand. Well aware that it's completely insane, he looks up gay bars on his phone.
Mary blinks. "Nothing's wrong."
. What are you seeing? John? - Yes, I'm here. - What can you see? - I don't know. I don't know, but I can hear it. Did you hear that? - Stay calm, stay calm. Can you see it? Can you
"Oh well, they both participated in the conception, so I guess he's got a bit of each."
Mycroft averts his gaze thoughtfully, looking out the window. "Himself, probably."
"OK... be sure to send me a picture."
Averting your gaze from the fire, you close the notebook and your eyes.
Sherlock put the meal on the table and served it. The mere sight of it made John's mouth water. He couldn't believe Sherlock never bothered to cook when he was so good at it. He glanced at him and Sherlock caught his eye.
DID'NT YOU WANT TO GATHER DATA?
"Turn it off if it bothers you."
"Yeah, Sherlock," Moran said as he dropped his luggage and took off his jacket. "What next?"
Should have gone with him. People'll think... - I don't care what people think. - You'd care if they thought you were stupid, or wrong. - No, that would just make
John went to the kitchen and put the food on the table, knowing neither of them would eat anything tonight. Gingerly, he put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, snapping him back to reality.
"Out."
"Jim Moriarty, of course."
‘No one, sir. And the key to her room was still here when Mr Trevor called for someone to bring it up. The police have it now, they are still in the room.’
"Well good, I'm glad you don't find me disgusting when I kiss y–"
"To Breckinridge at Covent Garden," she answered.
"No. Nothing. Just his papers, some money..."
John's hand slid down his throat, caressed his torso and brushed a nipple, stroked his belly and came to rest on his penis as if it were its natural place. Sherlock was so light-headed he didn't even gasp, but his breath caught in his throat. His eyelids widened around excessively dilated pupils.
, to the point!"
"Oh."
"Are you sure you really know what I want, Sherlock?" you ask gently. God, he's such a mess. Like a child who's got a bad grade and thinks of all the things that could make his parents hate him even more, think him unworthy. As if they could.
"If you're still talking, then you're not in bad shape," John commented, a little too feverishly perhaps to be convincing. But Sherlock was quite admiring of his friend's calmness. Through the pain, the detective could still see how collected John was – very effective, too.
This was a little too much. "Enlighten me, then. What did I miss?"
That's what Seb said, too. "There are so many things I never knew 'bout Ron. Never asked. Never wondered. Closest thing I had to a friend for a long time, didn't even know his favourite colour. Twas purple. Funny, ain't it? I would never have guessed. Purple."
"Of course," Sherlock said as she rose, standing up as well. "I hope I will have the pleasure to talk to you again."
"Exactly."
Sherlock was brooding in his room, still not coming to terms with the humiliation of having been transported in a case back home. Now that they were back, too, he wondered whether John would be cross with him, and refuse to cuddle tonight, just because he considered it was his fault for having turned into a tiger at such a bad moment – which truly was unfair, because John should know by now that Sherlock didn't have any say in it. At all.
You're glad when he finally goes, after some more fuss of "Please stay for a cup or let me walk you to the door" "No no I'll be fine thank you for your time my apologies again" etc.
"Sit down, John," he orders, his tone final. "The gun's loaded, you know it is. I loaded it before your very eyes. Now. Sit. Down."
"Up," he answered sullenly.
"Do you want something?" he asked.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow.
"So... no?"
"Is something wrong?"
"Heavy," Sherlock said obstinately. He washed the remaining soap away, half-standing to rinse his groin. "John?"
Or was it his voice? Sherlock frowned slightly. Either way, it was perfectly unfair.
‘Hey you! This is staff only, you can’t just—’
"Yes you do."
"Of no help at all," she answers with a grin. "I just wanted to meet you. To meet a Holmes, of course – I've heard so much about you two that I was getting frustrated. But I wanted to meet you especially."
, even that nutcase of a cuckold...
Lestrade stared. "What?"
"Here, sir. Is everything all right?" the air plane hostess inquired. Sherlock nodded stiffly.
"Sherlock, I don't know what you hope to find up there, but we've already looked at the flat – he's gone, probably ran away yesterday. He's now our prime suspect. But you already knew that, right? That's why you texted–"
living with a drunk and a guy with suicidal tendencies, I am living with
John didn't think he could've been happier if he'd just heard his son's first word and if it had been "Dad!"
He amplified his grinding movements, thrusting against him, leaving his right hand possessively on his abdomen, and lowering his left one from the detective's hip to his inner thigh, leaning his head into his neck.
"Would you handcuff Lestrade to a bedpost and do to him what you did for me last night?"
What Jim wasn't aware of was...
"Because I want one."
"We'll get warmer once we have a drink," you reply with a smile.
"Hello my dear, I haven't seen much of you since you've been back from the country, and it's been ages since you've last asked to use the computer so... are you all right?"
"No," he finally said. "I don't think it's horrible. Think, John, just think! You don't get aroused because I am being tortured. You get aroused because
"A Bloody Mary, please."
"Sherlock!"
"He is what I would call a specialist in fur. He can identify... what is genuine, and what is fake," she finished with the shadow of a smile. Sherlock appreciated the irony of the statement.
"Is that your real name?"
"It hurts."
As if John was giving up on him. On them.
After the shirt came the trousers, and again Sherlock let John remove the piece of clothing, obedient but not especially helpful either. Not bratty, but rather princely. Of course, the shoes and socks had to go too, or the trousers would have just been stuck at the ankles, and if that would have made for a cute, funny sight, John doubted Sherlock would have appreciated it very much.
Without answering or even nodding, she took her lighter out. He held his hand out the window, still holding Wiggins' letter. Without a word, she extended her hand as well, and set light to it. They watched it burn in the silence of the night. He held it until the flames had completely consumed it, ignoring how his fingers reddened and darkened. Then he rubbed his hands to get rid of the trace of ashes.
the confused cat wondered. Sherlock's pensive expression was one John was accustomed to seeing, but only during cases. He gulped. The detective was probably trying to figure out the true cause of his transformation this time. So John slowly walked up to him on the table and tapped on his hand with his paw. Sherlock snapped out of his thoughts and looked down at him.
You chuckle and serve yourself some tea, in that awful mug with the chick on it.
Sherlock was nude under his coat, playing the violin in the morning light, his back to the window. Silhouetted against the greyness of dawn that was being shattered by the first rays of daylight, his profile was as breathtaking as the notes he was playing. Sublime.
Something seemed to snap in Sherlock and he leant in, pressed his head to John's chest and raised it until his lips were on the scar, kissing it gently. John gasped and cried out in surprise, clutching his hand in his friend's hair, trying to focus on his fingers playing the
"Do you think Sherlock might be back?"
Ha ha, right!"
"But–"
he tried to signify to the manul, nuzzling up against his paw through the bath towel. He picked up another towel and went back to their living to wipe their floor. It wasn't an easy task, and he couldn't fathom why John had done something so stupid – but he was nonetheless gratified to have seen him so panicked for his sake.
by William Sloane. Sherlock glanced at the other books on the floor and furniture.
The skull did not reply.
"Oh?" John smiled, enjoying how his partner's dulcet body was falling into raptures in his arms.
"I'm fine," Sherlock muttered, trying to get the rest of the toast from his lover, and failing as John raised his hand away. Sherlock scowled, but drank a sip from his coffee, and reached for another piece of toast – John however was faster than him and covered his hand with his, stopping his frenzy. He looked him in the eye intensely.
The voice was annoyed, the tone, accusing. But John could hear the undertone of uncertainty in his friend's coldness. When Sherlock was happy – excited over a case, gleeful thanks to a challenging murder – he was on fire, as he himself put it. John found the expression quite fitting: Sherlock was indeed radiating, burning with the energy of the thrill and the exhilaration of danger, relishing the stimulation it provided his brain with. When Sherlock was bored, he was loud and unnerving, whined all day long and shot at walls. John had got used to it, and truly hoped that now, he'd always find a way to occupy his friend, even if it implied giving his own body for the sake of experimenting. No, what was terrifying, truly terrifying, was when Sherlock was cold or silent. When he was hurt, he turned to ice. That was the stage beyond annoyance, beyond boredom. John had only started noticing it recently, but that was also when Sherlock looked the most alone.
Mary's hand hangs in mid-air as John seems to remember that there is no shirt, and no owner of it anywhere in the world.
"Watson."
Sherlock nodded.
"Please answer the question," John cut in as gently as possible before Sherlock could push the man any further. The consulting detective's acting talents were always rather handy, but it remained that they were not
Sherlock, who was neither anyone nor a lover, just studied it closely. The scar was a hypertrophic one, with keloids: the tissues had taken the form of red bubbles surrounded by rubbery growths, giving it a rather angry and disgusting aspect. Sherlock found it neither pleasant nor unpleasant, but only memorized mechanically the shape, the colour, every cluster of scar tissue and collagen fibre... He memorized all of it, as if it had been some useful London backstreet map which would come in handy in a chase. He even felt the urge to touch it, to palpate it, in order to remember the feel and the texture of it as well. The more data, the better.
John chuckled.
Yes, of course, I–"
"Isn't it that you want to keep
This made Victor pause.
"Even in the basement I got aroused because you were watching," he spouted in one breath. "I... I
At John's appalled look, he added softly: "I was clearly the reason you transformed, and it seems I am only making it worse, whatever I do. Perhaps this time I cannot help you. Perhaps this time, what you need is to be away from me." Then in a smaller, childlike voice: "I was never good at this kind of things."
True, John still did not like Sherlock's "method"– at all. He wanted them to be equals, so they could share the same world; to understand and to trust each other. The fact that Sherlock felt the need to manipulate him only showed how insecure he truly was. But knowing that Sherlock's ultimate goal had been to keep him by his side, John could not help but feel warm inside. With time, he hoped Sherlock would come to realize he did not even need such means.
"Oh, don't be daft, John."
Sherlock stared. "Beg your pardon?"
You are vaguely aware that you are the one who has uttered the words. No, no... They keep echoing in your mind. You don't know how many times you've said them. Or if you've said them out loud at all. You don't feel very steady and realize you're shaking. Seb's body has fallen limp on the floor, and a puddle of blood is slowly forming around his head – a macabre aureole.
"They were all younger than me."
I was always jealous of the attention you gave him, of how happy you looked when his name came up; of how thrilled you were when you guys played
"I can't. What I can do is try to keep him with me at all times, but just in case, I want you to be prepared."
"Here, drink some water." Mrs. Hudson hands him a glass. Sherlock drinks, but spits it in the toilet basin a few times before swallowing any water. John's thumb on him is making him dizzy, but he doesn't dare take his hand away.
"... please?"
"He is," Mary confirms, her mouth full.
"Is that why you want to go to China?"
"Well, you see, Sherlock at home is pretty much like a cat. Since you have one, you must know what I mean."
"Never mind..."
cut in John's voice.
after all.
"It wasn't the rash act of a lost, desperate man, Inspector. John
"Well you call Mycroft about it. I don't have a phone anyway."
Sherlock looked away, but John's hand continued to caress the back of his head and nape of his neck.
That night, John falls asleep in the armchair while reading the paper, and it is way past midnight when he wakes up with a start after a nightmare. He cannot remember his dream at all, but the feeling of unease remains, and he stands up to get a glass of water. As he goes into the kitchen, he turns his head to the right, and his eyes meet the door to Sherlock's room.
"Because he will not stand another farewell. And because he realized once and for all that it wasn't Sherlock – could never be Sherlock, whatever he saw or heard or felt. He will never take drugs again, because every time he'll wake up from it, Sherlock will die all over again."
Swallowing his pride, which didn't matter in the least at the moment, he slowly fell to his knees.
John took one of the three wood and leather chairs around the table and put it next to the couch, putting his cane down onto the floor next to it. He went to the kitchen and came back with two cuppas which he placed on the small table by his friend's side. Having turned on one of the smaller lights and pulled the curtains, he finally looked at Sherlock and noticed the tension in his body as he was eyeing the chair pointedly.
John felt the colour drain from his face.
"Mm?"
You open and a short, plump woman with greyish hair cut like a man's, wearing enormous horn-rimmed glasses, stares up at you. John would have described her as a funny-looking woman, surely. She pulls a face.
The detective glared.
As John stroked his back down his spine, he seemed to think of something funny, and bit his lips to stop himself from laughing. Sherlock arched his brow – and such a sight did nothing to calm John's impending laughter.
Sherlock's anger seemed to deflate at once and he fell back into the chair.
. Oh, not any kind of gift. The gift of anthropologists. The gift at the base of any society, even primitive. The basic link beyond blood relations. Giving, receiving. Being indebted. Having debtors. Overbidding, always. Those were the "friends" Jim Moriarty had created for himself. "Friends" who owed him so much he could have them fall whenever he wanted.
"There isn't one."
But Moran? That was something else entirely. Another story.
He stares. "The armchair?"
He blinked, and turned his gaze to John, who had just spoken in the coldest manner Sherlock had ever heard.
"Hurting yourself?"
Another wave of nausea. Another scene, overlapping.
"Of course. I'm sure he'll be okay."
being in denial – however, he had surprised her many times since John. Yes, 'John' had been a real event in his life, that she did not doubt - possibly the only true event worth mentioning at all. So maybe the detective was well aware, but didn't want to risk John leaving him if he tried anything. … She laughed out loud. She couldn't really picture Sherlock 'trying' anything either, truth be told. The man was just so... awkward. And was in fact a complete moron when it came to sentiments – he hadn't even guessed her present was for him until his eyes had seen the name tag, for Christ's sake!
"Mrs. Watson...
And with those words, the two kids left. And closed the door. John whimpered. Of course they had closed the window as well, and there was no way he could escape. He would have to wait. He sincerely hoped that he would get an opportunity to flee this house before Sherlock came to the rescue – for some reason, this was slightly more embarrassing than waiting to be saved when you were strapped to a chair in a tunnel with the Chinese Mafia.
It took them 30 minutes to get to Ron's loft on Park Lane.
He keeps giving Seb strange glances that almost look like glares. Perhaps he's a bit mad after all. He does seem somewhat lunatic, what with the sudden change of behaviour.
Sherlock wasn't answering. It was grating on her nerves. But her face was cool and composed, smiling one of her mocking, seductive smiles. She leant in.
The manul snarled and prowled, and Sherlock thought for a second that it would lash out. He sent it a haughty look, arching an eyebrow.
"To Ca... What? When?" John stuttered.
"Good. I'm good. But you'll have to guide me for this."
Sherlock frowned.
"Oh dear..." Mrs. Hudson murmured as she sat down into a chair, her legs giving way.
John's hands keep moving down, slowly, stopping regularly just to warm up the zone they're covering. His touch is efficient and precise; fond and gentle, but purposeful.
"You keep listening to this song," he says, waving his hand in the air at the music playing. "It's beautiful, but you must admit it isn't the happiest song you've ever heard."
She rolls her eyes. "You know what I mean."
twist to the case was thrown out of court by
"I wanted to see the stars!" she tells him excitedly, pointing at the ladder.
"Would you like to pay by cash?"
"Then, you've got several variants... This one, for instance..."
"Why?"
Sherlock swallowed with difficulty as he tried to concentrate on the landscape outside the window. He'd heard the words perfectly well, thank you very much. But what was he supposed to answer? He'd been so shocked to hear it that it had rendered him speechless. That, and John spreading his legs under him and screaming as he came all over him.
The tiger emitted a grumble and sulked. He already felt ridiculous; now he was rather mortified to be reminded by John of all people of something he should have known – that naturally tigers
"I don't want you out!"
"But that's preposterous!"
"Are you all right?"
"Your phrasing. When you tell the truth, you're clear and simple. Also, you're always lying or at least pretending when you start with 'I assure you'."
see it. It's here. It's here. - Are you all right? John. -Jesus Christ... It was the hound, Sherlock. It was here. I swear it, Sherlock. It must... It must... Did... did you see it? You
Dramatic and foreboding. Something he would say; something he would write. He always had a certain style.
"Oh, I've just arrived in London. I'm only on holiday here."
"And tell Lestrade I don't want to see him?"
"He was crazy, that guy."
. The tiger snorted.
"He is. However, he's coming back here tomorrow with his girlfriend Catherine."
Yet this wasn't even the worse part of it. Admittedly, there had been a goal (getting John addicted to him), and a most selfish one. But even more despicable was the fact that Sherlock had enjoyed it.
"What? No! God, no. I wanted you." John saw something flash in Sherlock's eyes and realized he'd used the past tense.
John laughed, and the detective was so surprised by the wholehearted reaction that a candid smile spread across his face.
"Hey, calm down. I'm here, it's me. We can stop whenever you want," John murmured, completely misunderstanding the signs. His erection brushed against Sherlock's thigh. That was the last straw.
"That's not what I'm talking about."
. He didn't give a damn about the victims. He didn't consider himself responsible in any way. He got upset because he lost even though technically he had solved everything. I knew him, as much as someone could. So what are you testing me for now?"
"I already told you that, I believe."
He shivered under the shower, and tried to pull himself together. But it was true. He had revelled in John's helplessness, had relished it dearly every time the ex-soldier had completely lost it under Sherlock's ministrations: it had been so reassuring, so warm and calming, restoring his own confidence. Giving him the impression that the situation was under control. And it had been, to some extent.
"John didn't."
"Of course not, Miss Salome! I would never dare..."
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Oakshott. I am terribly sorry to intrude on your holiday, but you'll understand that the case is of significant importance to our client, who was robbed of their precious blue gem."
Sherlock mumbled something incomprehensible.
Sherlock! Sherlock! I saw it on the telly. Are you OK?
"It's the culprit," he growled, sitting back heavily.
John groaned. "I knew you would say that."
you that you almost messed up?"
"Come on, just wait a minute!" you hear him protest from the bedroom as you hurtle down the stairs.
"It's still early. You don't have to sleep now," he said quietly, because the silence was too much to bear.
"Have you noticed the dog?"
side. Not quite ordinary, though. Still, it had been stupid of her to come to London. Idiotic woman. Always liked meddling. Just couldn't stop herself, could she?
"Yes?"
"Wait, did I tell you that?"
"No, indeed. You won't," Mycroft answered quietly. Sherlock frowned.
locked me in that bloody lab. - I
fall asleep. Of course not. You start counting in your head.
"Have
John! Wake up! John! I'm right here!
"Well, I'll tell you. He stayed because he realized
Just as he thought this, as if it had all been calculated, the doorbell rang. John's breath caught in his throat and he pricked his ears. Above him, the man groaned something and relieved the mattress from his weight.
You can still figure it out."
"Which Kratide did Chris Melas see first?"
He swallowed, groping for words.
The tiger glanced at him as if he were an idiot – and maybe he was, talking to a tiger on his flatmate's bed in the middle of the night.
He remembered everything. He knew what he had lost.
But John could elicit a wide range of responses and not often did Sherlock felt like antagonizing him, if ever. In any case, he had got better at this living-together sociability. He had not put a head in the fridge again, because he had sensed John's slight (although completely unjustified) unease and disgust the first time. Then again, John used the refrigerator for personal nutritional purposes, unlike Sherlock who treated it as an instrument of science. It was to be noted that the consulting detective had been very understanding and had progressively allowed the doctor to use his laboratory as a kitchen, all for the sake of peaceful communal life.
He believes it wiser to remain silent, and ignores her.
"You know," she says suddenly, "I think you should start posting on your blog again."
"You're injured, for God's sake! What's wrong with my room?"
He doesn't.
"Good, until John went bonkers," Mary retorts playfully. Molly smiles.
"Who are the same person."
But John seems to have regained his composure and comes up to you with a smile. And a towel.
He promptly put his phone away and displayed himself rather theatrically so Sherlock could observe him at leisure.
"John, I–"
"It's just... staaaying."
"Not just a 'friend' anymore, are you? Or would any friend deal with a rape victim's trauma by getting off with them?"
"John! You need to find someone! You're already forty-two, and if you want to be a father-"
The powder, John, not the pleasure.
"Indeed," she replied with a stiff lip. "The police have already come several time, though, and the case was solved. Don't you know?"
John gaped. "What?"
"Exactly," Moran concurred. "You observe to think. You never watch just to see."
"But you've slept with a guy?"
Dinner has gone well last night and John is secretly relieved. He and Harry never had a good relationship, but with Chris around now he begins to think that it may change one day. They still don't really understand each other, and John suspects they'll never quite be on the same wavelength, but at least now they'll be on speaking terms. A bit more than that, he must admit.
"Oh no, John.
"But I don't get it. Maggie said she got the goose from her sister. How could both birds be related?"
"Yes, of course. You know where they are."
"And?"
, John purred.
Except that Sherlock would not have reacted thus even if John had said it out loud. Not just because he was a tiger, but because something was seriously wrong with him. With them.
"I'm not shouting at anyone!"
"Inspector Dimmock," Sherlock introduced himself. "May we come in?"
Sherlock took a deep breath, silent behind the door panel. John had said "we".
"Nothing. Just tell me Sherlock was alive."
"Maggie Oakshott. The culprit's sister."
"Fine. But keep your hands on me. They're warm."
"Because you dream about the man you love?"
"Stop drinking."
Sherlock thought for a second.
Mycroft put down his cup on the low table.
As he sits on the couch, John's mouth curves up and his eyes twinkle.
He is fine."
"Sherlock you've got to see this."
Well, apparently Seb spent a great deal of his time cooped up in John's flat. How was that any better? A life. Sherlock snorted. He was fuming.
Sherlock let out another annoyed sigh.
"Sherlock..."
Sherlock paused in the bedroom before stripping and putting on his pajamas. In the end, he decided against putting his plan into action tonight. He changed quickly and joined John in the bed, turning off the light.
John opened the menu sheepishly.
"It's a very good book, Sherlock."
He bent to the side, took the collar and the leash under Sherlock's puzzled gaze, and put them on himself.
Sherlock did not reply. They walked in silence for a few minutes, and John had time to sort his thoughts and register what had just been said.
"Even with sex he was lovely," she goes on, ignoring her friend. "Always very considerate. Loving, too. I could tell he was touching only me, trying to please only me, and thinking only of me."
"John..." Sherlock let the name fall from his lips, a soft exhale.
“The nerve.”
Ecstasy was a conflagration—heat licking up his spine, pleasure consuming him down to the core. His heart hammered, his lungs expelled all his oxygen in one long bellow.
It’s difficult to look haughty when you're the size of a small planet and drizzling milk from your tits like a shoddy spiget, but I do my best. “You put me in this condition after all.”
Sherlock bit his lip, then with a nod, rolled onto his stomach. He hoisted himself up on his knees, leaving his face pressed into the pillows.
Sherlock moaned, arched higher. "Both.”
“A bit,” Irene scoffs. She turns to face the room, her dangerously high heels bringing her nearly shoulder-to-shoulder with Sherlock. “Who’s the lucky fella?”
Sherlock stirred and raised himself up on his elbows. Hands rested on his waist, thighs bracketed his hips, and underneath him, John smiled fondly. Realization dawned, followed immediately by mortification. Had he really just ejaculated in his trousers and then collapsed in an ungainly heap on top of his dinner? He looked down in increasing horror.
, it’ll work perfectly.
“No, no,” I chide. “Right now.”
The femoral artery called to him. It would be delicious—pumping thick, red ambrosia until it was spilling down his chin. But John would be dead inside five minutes and Sherlock couldn't have that. The moral and judicial complications of murder aside, the idea of killing John appalled him. John was warm and golden—as close to sunlight as Sherlock had experienced in centuries—and he should stay that way.
Sherlock’s mouth watered, but he knew that if he were to take his tongue and slide it over that gorgeous, wet head, John would just have to get up and wash all over again. But, there was nothing stopping him from ducking lower and suckling at John’s bollocks. As soon as he closed his mouth around one of John’s plump testicles, he heard a bone-deep groan and felt fingers tunneling into his hair. He sucked and lapped, lipped at the loose skin.
“Buttercup?”
But then, I felt him slip out. Felt his hands slide up the backs of my thighs. Felt his hot breath against my wet and well-used hole. I shivered, clenched and released—felt a trickle of his spunk slip from my body.
“Hey.” John’s hands are on Sherlock’s shoulders, rubbing down his arms. “Don’t look so scared. Nothing’s gotta happen tonight.”
Between his pale thighs, John stared up—eyes a glassy cobalt, pink lips swollen and glossed with saliva, hair rakishly askew. Sherlock smiled down, chest blooming with pride at John's state of utter debauchery.
“Mrs. Delaney,” he announced as he entered the well appointed kitchen—all stainless steel and marble, tasteful but lacking in personality. The woman at the table looked up, eyes puffy and nose red. “If you would be so kind as to point us to where you hid the rope.”
“How is this not our serial killer? Young man, ginger, strangled to death in his own home. John, help me out here.”
“Huh.” Sherlock stood from his crouch, looming over the corpse lying slack on the bathroom floor.
“Fuuuck,” John groaned. His cock flexed under stretched blue cotton.
“That’s it.” John smoothed his hand over the plush curve of Sherlock’s rump and down the slope of his back. “Just like that.”
Sherlock squatted down across from John and looked intently as he lifted the man's hand. Nasty punctures—three in a line, mottled black and a sickly green—dotted the right palm. Sherlock leaned over for a closer look and—
"You've got such amazing control," John said, tucking his fingers in and letting the heft of Sherlock's cock and bollocks fill his palm. "Always. Always in control. Show me how much control you have right now."
Desperate for him to return his mouth, I arch up. “Suck on my tits.”
He picks up the rhythm easily, stroking in counter to my desperate rolling and rocking. And it’s wonderful. It sends pulses of pleasure through my core. The stretch has me feeling weightless and the pressure against my prostate is like an imploding star—heavy, white hot, and consuming.
“Not much,” Lestrade said. He looked Sherlock up and down, squinted, cleared his throat. “The bodies have, uh. They've been here at least twelve hours. It’s rained since they were placed and, um, most. . .”
He would.
Having lost all capacity for language, Sherlock had croaked something vaguely affirmative.
Through a thick veil of arousal, a thought makes it way to me:
It's as clear to me now as it was to me then, that I can deny John Watson nothing.
And when he pulled back and rasped for me to turn over, I thought I might cry.
“Sher—” John moaned, high and needy. “Touch me. Stroke me—Ahh. Light and fast. Keep. Oh, God. Keep fucking me.”
He chuckles in a way that suggests he thinks I’m joking. He stops when I don’t join him. “Wait. What are you thinking about?”
John, still kneading on the lino next to the body, shot Lestrade a glare that screamed ‘the fuck, mate?’.
“Oh, I know I can.” John's grin was positively lecherous.
“Berk,” John huffs, then scoots down in his seat.
“I've learned to never expect anything with you.” John said, the fingers on Sherlock’s leg beginning to circle and climb.
With a sigh, Sherlock curled around John. The tinkle of his bell the last thing he heard before drifting off. He was John’s good kitty.
“John.”
“You should have warmed it up from the inside,” Sherlock said thoughtfully. “You could have filled the hollowed out cavity with hot water and let it seep into the flesh. Repeated as necessary until it reached the desired temperature.”
"Just a few seconds, then stop. You can do it." John's voice was soft and smooth, a dark and enticing treacle. "Show me how much control you have."
“Yeah,” John croaked, “Fuck yeah.”
Sherlock cried out, his hole clenching around John’s tongue. He came hot and hard over John’s hand, pulsing out thick ribbons until he shuddered with over sensitivity. The tension leached from his body, leaving him slumped over, arse up and face nestled in his pillow.
“You know what? Nevermind.” I walk out of the kitchen, make my way to my chair. “But to answer your question, no.”
Sherlock focuses his gaze, sees concern in the pleating of John’s brow. His brain skips and stutters. A moment ago John was advancing on him, looking deliciously predatory. What happened? Did he just say nothing was going to happen tonight? “Why on Earth not?”
The kiss devolves into a smear of lips and tongue and panting breath. John breaks away to slide his mouth across Sherlock’s jaw and down his throat. There's a scrape of teeth that send shivers down his spine and he arches his neck back with a groan.
“Better than I ever managed.” John’s hand abandoned its journey up Sherlock’s leg, moving instead to his chest. With a thumb strafing over his nipple, it was difficult for Sherlock to concentrate on John’s words. “Anything else? Ever try to fuck a cucumber or, I dunno, a carrot?”
“That,” John murmurs, tracing a feather light touch up the shaft. “Is lovely.”
“Ohhh, Christ,” John groans. He's got one hand in his hair and another plucking at a dusky nipple. Pure hedonism. “Play—oh God, Sherlock—play with my balls.”
Sherlock shivered and spread his legs wider, inviting John to continue his exploration. With the fingers in his hair, scratching against his scalp, and the hand slowly working its way up his thigh, he felt like a well-stroked cat—indolent and adored. He closed his eyes and hummed. “Hmm. . . I’ve attempted to fellate myself.”
“Do you. . .” I start, then stop because I can't believe what I'm about to say. But I haven't seen this kind of giddy enthusiasm in John since I suggested tying him to the bed and edging him over and over for the few days leading up to my last heat. He’d been so worked up, so desperate to come, that he’d had me knotted within five minutes. He’d pumped me full and deep, and we both knew in that moment—as we cried out in near unison—that I'd been bred.
Sherlock’s voice rang out—a cry and a shout, a curse and a prayer—as he painted thick stripes of come over John's neck and chest. Five, six, seven streaks of milky white anointed him and John never once flinched. Instead he ran his fingers through the mess, smeared it into his skin.
Sherlock keened, a high, needy sound. He wrapped his hand around his prick, began to stroke. "I. . ." He tried again. "I pissed on you. I'm so sorry. I couldn't help myself. I can't control myself when I've got your cock in me. Pounding into me. Ah! John!"
“What’re you on about?” Lestrade asked.
The sounds of the cafe fade away—no more barking orders or screeching chairs, no more chatter or clatter. Everything vanishes except John.
Anyway... Let me know what you thought and I'll see you in the next chapter: Food.
I lean forward and splay both hands over his chest. There’s something wonderfully proprietary about placing my palms on his body—right over the steady thump of his heart—and having him bear my weight. This is me staking my claim.
But this was only supposed to be a prelude.
Sherlock could practically see the questions swirling in Lestrade’s beguiled gaze. His cheeks began to heat and he smiled like a child with a secret he just couldn't keep.
“No.” Sherlock straightened and cast his gaze around the room. “Which begs the question. What was in here and where is it now?”
I look up from my phone—where all of this is being recorded for posterity in pristine, sixteen megapixel digital quality—to see that he looks perfectly composed. His expression is bland as he scrolls through something on his phone. He catches my eye and smiles, cocksure. In every sense.
“Close,” John moaned. “Ngh. Faster, Sherlock. Please. . . Ah!”
“But you do see the difference, right?” John was getting frustrated now. “At least we're behind closed doors, not playing in the middle of a bloody crime scene with half the Yard watching.”
Sherlock bolted upright, momentarily confused. John had found two dead bodies in Islington? Then he saw the name on the notification. Lestrade. That made much more sense. Kitty space did tend to make Sherlock a bit dull.
Suddenly he pulls away, bows back until he’s a beautiful curve from the point of his chin, down his elegant throat, to his flushed chest and taut stomach. He thrusts once—twice—then reaches down to grab the base of his cock. I look down to see his prick is a glistening scarlet, throbbing in his grip. There’s a single milky thread slowly unspooling from the slit and I watch as it stretches down between our bodies, until it snaps and lands in a thick drop on my cock.
“Put me down,” I say between giggles.
The breach was wonderful—if only a hint of what was still to come. The push and pull of John’s pumping fingers sent sweet pulses up Sherlock’s spine, driving him to rock back—seek more.
Part of me wants to be insulted—insisting it's just his bloody Alpha instincts, coddling me and protecting his offspring. But then he whispers into my ear—calls me beautiful and asks if I want anything, need anything. He comes home from a grueling day at the surgery and rubs my feet while he complains about the new paperwork system they’ve put in place that nobody seems to understand. He takes me to bed and spends an eternity sucking my cock, despite the fact that I can barely see him over the growing expanse of my belly.
His tongue follows the glistening path of milk up to its source and laps at the slow but steady flow. With his free hand he squeezes my breast, rhythmic and massaging—encouraging more. His tongue flicks and circles and a tingling sensation begins to pulse and spread.
He pushed down need to taste, to devour, and gestured to the bed. “Lie down.”
Sherlock began a rhythm—pull, push, slow and steady—until John was panting, fingers clenched around the chair arms. He watched with fascination as he fucked the tender slit of John’s cock, dragging the rod a bit farther, a bit faster.
John released him with a pop and sat back to admire his handiwork. Sherlock glistened with saliva—from his slightly swollen anus all the way down to his tight bollocks. And that beautiful seam stretched the entire way.
!" John pulled him roughly down, buried himself to the root. Sherlock could feel John's thick cock surging inside him, filling him up.
Sherlock pulled off groaning, “John.” His thirst may have been satiated, but a different hunger grew. “John, I—”
“Fuck,” John interrupted, as if he hadn't even heard Sherlock speak. He arched back. “Please, Sherlock.”
I find myself at an uncharacteristic loss for words, so I smile back and say, “Well then.”
Mindful of his curls, Sherlock put the headband on and, catching his reflection on the wardrobe mirror, arranged it just so. The pressure of the band against his skull was as enticing as it was soothing. It felt like John's fingers carding through his hair, like gentle scratches against his scalp, like a whispered
Sherlock’s right hand begins to drift lower, fingertips blazing a trail down my stomach—following the line of honey-brown hair from just above my navel down to my leaking erection. I settle into the cup of his groin and sigh with relief as he wraps his hand loosely around my cock. Rocking my hips, I curse at the duel sensation of much needed friction and the stirring of his cock deep inside me. The lax channel of his fist isn’t enough to get me off, but it drives me wild all the same.
"Yes." Sherlock said, breathless with a sudden thrill of anticipation.
John doesn’t untie him until after he’s buried his face between Sherlock’s cheeks and licked his own spunk clean from Sherlock’s dribbling hole.
“Here,” he gestured with the tip of the hook. “Let's do it here.”
—there’s a faint patch of wetness darkening the fabric.
With a guiding hand, Sherlock fed John his wet cock—pressing against his silken tongue, then pulling back to tease along the soft contour of his lips. He pushed in again, sinking into the delicious heat. John moaned around him, eyes fluttering closed. He sucked and swirled, panting harsh breaths through his nose.
“You know,” I say as he's running his fingers through my curls, smoothing out any tangles. “I won't be able to breastfeed if I've had any alcohol. I believe the colloquialism is ’pump and dump’.”
A good meal should be savored.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. “Then what did I put the kettle on for?”
Moans rumbled through Sherlock, growing louder, higher. He bucked into John’s fist in quick jabs, chasing his climax. John could feel the flutter of Sherlock’s hole around his tongue.
His adam's apple bobs with the force of a nervous swallow, but he doesn't look away. With a single nod of his head, I tap
John finally looks up, eyes wide and teeth caught on his bottom lip.
to fuck him.
I trembled, wrapped my fingers around the vertical slats of cherry wood, and held on for dear life.
John's grip on his hips tightened, held him down even as he lifted his hips, burying himself to the hilt. "That's it. That's it, Sherlock. Fuck you're so good. Let go. C'mon. Let go."
I think of supernovas and atomic bombs. Dangerous. Devastating. Imploding. Exploding.
“You're a demanding bottom, to be sure,” I say, as if offering a consolation. “Pouty and pushy. But in the end—and I mean this in this in the nicest way possible, as a man who derives great pleasure from making you come buckets—you are an absolute pillow princess.” My kingdom for a camera, his look of affront is priceless.
Sherlock instantly backpedals, pride be damned. “Well. I don't have anything else on tonight.”
I let him pass me, give him a few seconds head start before I stand to follow. I don’t turn off my phone, rather I focus the camera on the taut jiggle of his arse as he walks. I scan the cafe, looking for any shocked expressions, but the patrons all seem absorbed in their own tasks.
“Oh, fuck!” He cries out, surprise lifting his brow as if he hadn’t meant to let those words slip.
“I need you,” Sherlock slurred, smearing the words messily against John’s mouth.
, wasn't that a dirty trick. Sherlock shivered, a spark of desire tingling down his spine. He was suddenly, unaccountably,
Lestrade tucked his notepad into his jacket pocket and waved at one of the nearby constables to haul their assailant away. "I don't suppose I could convince you to come down and give us a statement tonight?"
*Dips toe into the world of pet play* Oh this is quite lovely!
He rocks his hips back, meeting the rolling tide of Sherlock’s thrusts, and curses into the bedclothes. He’s overstimulated—caught between the blissful fullness of Sherlock buried so deep inside him, and the agonizing friction of the sheets against his throbbing, wet cock.
“There. There,” I pant. As if the way I’m moaning and dripping precome all over the duvet isn’t obvious enough. “Christ, that’s perfect.”
Sherlock moans all the same and John chuckles—that dangerous, dark rumble he has when he’s well and truly in control—and calls him a needy tart. He reaches between Sherlock’s legs, brushing along his taint and cupping his heavy bollocks. He squeezes, tugs. And Sherlock whines, bends his knees and tilts his hips and let’s his head hang loose.
“You read—oh Christ!”
“Oh. Oh, no. I wasn't planning. . . Why? Are you?”
Biting his lip in concentration, Sherlock slipped the round end into the wet slit. From there, gravity did the work. John hissed as the rod slid down in increments, but when Sherlock glanced up, the expression on John’s face was just shy of ecstasy. His eyes were closed and brow knotted in that way could be either pleasure or pain, but his mouth was a gaping softly, his pink tongue pressing against his top teeth. Sherlock returned his attention to the matter at hand, and was surprised to find the rod had slipped in another half inch.
And pierced.
And it worked. Within minutes he was leaking, panting, begging for
Sherlock’s gaze slid over John—up his spread legs and the prominent bulge in his briefs, past the tight pink buds of his nipples, and stopping at his half-lidded eyes. Laid out like a banquet, John was irresistible. But more than just a meal to be consumed, he looked like something to be venerated. John’s body was an altar and Sherlock found himself overcome by the urge to bend down pray.
He nuzzles in closer, his fingers trailing back down over my stomach. He traces patterns against my skin and I shiver with a delicious tendril of arousal. Even now, well into my third trimester, John continues to be aroused by me—by my rotund and increasingly traitorous body. His libido has never wavered and, in fact, I think his appetites have increased in the last few weeks. Since the baby started kicking. He can't seem to take his hands off of me.
Gorgeous eyes, irises laced with slate and flecked with cobalt. Mile-long lashes that shone golden in the light pouring in from the glass double-doors. In his periphery, Sherlock had noted hair the color of clover honey, skin glowing with a healthy tan, and thin lips curled into a friendly smile.
The hand on the couch moved into Sherlock’s hair, playing with the curls at his nape. “In a minute. Right now I want to talk a bit more about sexual experimentation.”
I'm still floating in this sea of bliss as John grunts and pulls off my breast. Milk squirts against his cheek as he spills against me, hot come coating my stomach and hip.
After a long minute, he pulls back and scoots down just enough to lay his ear over the still-hammering tattoo of my heart. I lift my hand to his head, thread my fingers through his damp curls.
Because keeping my hands curled around the headboard meant that my cock hung heavy and untouched. It meant that all I could do was arch my back like a bitch in heat—dribbling precome and crying out
Higher and higher, the fabric creeps. And there. The first glimpse of a blush. Glossy scarlet at the head, then fading to a petal-pink along the shaft. He’s well over halfway out, throbbing in the open air.
“I mean, I'll have to reschedule the threesome I had planned with my violin and Felix Mendelssohn, but sure.”
“Oh. I didn't see any. Do you?”
John bent his head forward, slipped his tongue out, found the leaking head of Sherlock's prick and slurped indelicately. It was almost more than Sherlock could bear.
Special shout out to everybody who has commented, left kudos, or sent me a message! You have rekindled my love for writing fic and I can't thank you enough.
, that it took a fair amount of concentration to relax. He started with his breath, releasing a shaky exhale from between his lips; he dropped his shoulders and softened his spine. At last, he focused on the pressure in his bladder and, ignoring the warning flare his body sent out, willed the muscles to uncoil.
“Oh!” I moan, ravenous. I pass him the phone as I drop down.
Sherlock huffs, derisive and deflecting. It isn't even that clever of a deduction. He's dressed in his second tightest pair of jeans and a silk blend shirt open to his sternum, with hair coiffed into an artful disarray.
John flicks on the light and shuts the door behind himself. He leans back against it and takes a breath, like he's steadying himself. The idea is preposterous. He has nothing to be nervous about. He's not the one standing here with his hands shoved in his pockets trying desperately not to vibrate out of his skin.
John chuckles, the cadence landing somewhere between nervous and amused. “Are you going tonight?”
Sherlock pulls back, splaying his hands on John’s shoulders and giving himself the space to grind down. He pushes and pushes and pushes himself to the hilt, until John and can feel the scratch of pubic hair against his arse. Sherlock circles his hips, a filthy, churning motion that has John crying out, demanding, “Harder! C’mon. Fuck me like you mean it.”
“John?” He whispered.
My thighs strain and my hips roll as I move in a glacial circuit. Up and down. Nice and slow. Savoring the connection.
“Yes. God. More than all right. Sherlock, I need to fuck you.” I mean it. Down to the marrow of my bones. I
Sherlock stood at the side of the bed, ignoring the ache of his bladder in favor of listening to John—the padding of his bare feet across the worn wooden floorboards, the creak of the side table drawer opening and closing, the whisper of his robe as it slid to the floor, the squeak of a mattress well past its prime.
“Yes, you do. You came home, found your husband with a rope around his neck and panicked. But you needn’t worry, you'll still be able to collect his life insurance. Now. The rope.”
Sherlock shook his head. "I promise you it's not necessary."
like you mean it.”
John gives me wicked smile, then puts his mouth exactly where I want it. He sucks and ruts and strokes, and I'm consumed by this endless feedback loop of pleasure: his tongue sliding against my nipple and mouth pulling at my tit, his fist pumping fast and loose over the head of my dick, and the feel of his thick cock moving against my body.
I rear back, raising myself up and holding myself there, letting him do a bit of the work. I can’t hold back my moans. Little
It was also getting cooler by the second.
His stomach swooped and fluttered. It'd been ages since John called him ‘buttercup’.
“I wanna see you,” John says, still stroking. “Wanna see your cock.”
As much as I love to surprise him, I don't want him blowing a fuse. “Not with you,” I clarify, “but we've only been at it for a couple months, we've got plenty to try yet.”
“What else have you tried?”
His warm hands slide up my sides, coming to rest on my hips. There’s the slightest tug at my arse cheeks as he shifts his weight. I wink my tight hole, eager for attention.
“Is that a yes?”
John knelt over the body as Sherlock gathered the relevant details from Lestrade. “Simon Williams, fifty-two. Call came in after the neighbors started to complain about the smell. Landlord had a spare key. He opened the door, shut it again, called us.”
"Excellent," John praised, taking the glass and setting it on a side table. "Thank you, love."
He looks around the cafe again, cranes his neck to get a line of sight on the short hallway that leads to the bathroom. I’m sure he’s trying to plot a path, but there’s no clear way out.
He lapped at John’s skin, licking away the smeared evidence of his earlier feasting. Kisses followed, soft and chaste. And when sealed his lips over the wounds once more, he suckled with care. As the minutes ticked by delicacy gave way to ardor, and soon Sherlock’s pulls grew stronger.
The sudden breach—two slender fingers pressing in, stretching—makes me cry out in surprise. He pauses, gives me just a second to adjust, then slides out. And,
His hands still and eyes open. He’s lust-drunk as he refocuses on me. “How?”
I can hear him sigh through the microphone. It’s as much a sound of relief as it is trepidation. He squeezes. Strokes. Sighs again. My mouth goes dry.
John sucks one more time, long and savoring, then pulls off. I trickle a bit and he courteously laps it up before he pushes himself away. He takes my legs and begins to rearrange them—spreading and shifting them—until he’s satisfied. He slots himself between them, slides his cock into the space between the top of my thigh and the lower curve of my belly, and gives an experimental thrust. It’ll work.
He ran his mouth over John’s quivering thigh, inhaled deep into his lungs. The dark scent of John’s arousal flooded him, made his lust surge and crash against the last vestiges of his restraint.
"Fuck, Sherlock." John slid a hand under Sherlock's arse, pulled him up and off his spent prick. "C'mere."
,” Sherlock parroted, flat and mocking. Little in this world made him happier than being that source of exasperation.
The tinkle of the bell rang out in the silent room.
? Are we talking about the one who is six feet under?"
"An enigma."
"With a man," John developed. "With you."
"Naturally. And may I ask, what do you do?"
11:06
"Why does it keep mewling?"
would not help?"
"She brought you the second note," Sherlock said instantly. Lestrade gave him a look, but didn't even ask.
"Yi Lin. What brings you here?"
, squirming under the tantalizing touch between his thighs.
"Mrs. Hudson, you're wonderful!" Mary cries out. "We did it!"
Sherlock swallowed with some difficulty, trying to gauge the sincerity in those words. Wasn't John just trying to make him feel better?
Maybe John was a naked man vainly trying to hide himself on a balcony.
Frowning with annoyance, you answer without a pause.
Rating for this chapter is T.
John jumped and held his towel into place as he turned to meet eyes with a complete stranger, who'd just entered their flat unannounced. The man was tall and ruddy, his eyes clear, his complexion sanguine. He looked as embarrassed as the doctor felt.
"Why would he come?"
John's hand was still holding his head, but also fondling the base of his scalp in a tranquilizing, motherly manner.
"How could I be a word, John?"
"Aren't you the doctor? It isn't good for your health."
"So... What are you going to do?"
He was rather disappointed to see John's room was empty. The manul, on the other hand, was beaming, and jumped eagerly onto the unmade bed. Sherlock shook his head.
"More!"
"Right. Of course!" She let out a nervous laugh.
"John? John!"
"Just come in and wash your hands. Please."
"Moriarty's?"
Sherlock demanding more.
But thanks to his unnerving, impetuous,
In the room, only the desk lamp was casting some light and shadows. Irene's cigarette shone bright at the window, a small dot of red light in the black of the night. Her eyes were still fixed where the letter had been just a minute before.
I had a row, in the shop, with a chip and pin machine.
John blushed furiously and bolted up, while Sherlock remained sitting, unblinking.
"I don't speak baby-talk, sorry."
"Will you stop sulking and just tell me what's wrong with you? We've got work, John! Work!"
"Meooow!"
John blinked, and finally understood. A smile lit up his face and he gave Sherlock an Eskimo kiss.
Angelo came back with bread and John was grateful for the distraction. If he were eating, at least he should feel less ill at ease. Maybe.
want to find out what Sherlock's reaction would be if he realized John was aroused. He took a deep breath, and tried to conjure up the images that were the most likely to turn him off.
"I said it's fine!"
Tie me up and bind my feet
"It's wonderful, John. Wonderful."
"Then why?"
in his own eyes: Sherlock needed recognition more than anything else, but to such an extent that he could only get it by flirting with danger. If he played with fire, it wasn't only because it amused him. It was also because whatever he did only held any value if there was a risk of getting burnt in the process. Sherlock's personality was in fact like fire; it was extreme, and consequently, it craved the extreme.
"Self-consciousness," Sherlock went on, ignoring him. "Moriarty is messing with us, and Mycroft is making us ask ourselves the right questions. They really should get a life," he added sullenly.
But was that really it? If John had been attracted to him from day one, then his admiration for Sherlock's intellect was only secondary. It was just chemistry. Simple chemistry...
"Yes, I was a coward. Like a wounded animal, I tried to bite the helping hand and pushed him away. I felt that the one person I had dared to call for help had turned against me in the end, and I could not forgive him. I was ashamed of the trust I had put in him, ashamed that I had let myself count on him, rely on him... I wanted him to suffer what he had made me suffer. We could so easily get under each other's skin then, so easily... I knew the words that would hurt him most. I knew the gestures, the actions. I did them all."
"You haven't changed, Mrs. Hudson."
In John's love for Sherlock, there had been passion. Enthusiasm, exhilaration, thrill,
He groaned. Stupid song. Bob Dylan's songs were always like that, they got into your head and just stayed there indefinitely. It would play in your head when you woke up at night, when you drove somewhere, or when you did any other ordinary activity such as cleaning your weapons.
"I see... well, if you tell them you have no comment to make, I'm sure they'll-"
The floor gives out and for a second you see a silhouette standing on the other side of a chasm and falling with the earth into the abyss, a man on a roof reaching out to you and hanging up before jumping. Sherlock's words are so unexpected that you feel like your feet don't touch the ground anymore. It isn't a pleasant sensation. It is violent and hits you like a punch to the chest.
"What can I do for you then?"
"You're a real beast, you know that?" he purred.
Sherlock complied.
"No, Sherlock. Tell her that he's dead."
"Oh..."
in the Basement? John swallowed with difficulty. He needed a clear head to sort things out, but right now he was so repulsed by his own attitude that he could not avoid the overwhelming sense of self-loathing. He could not shake off the impression that he was using Sherlock in the most horrible way. So he just waited under the icy water until his erection had completely died away and he was shaking from the cold. Then he got out of the shower, put on his bathrobe, and opened the door.
Sherlock saw the blade only as it pierced Molly's flesh. A scream ripped the image apart but it was soon replaced with an even bloodier one. "Stupid woman. She'll die, too," Eliska murmured as she cut Irene's throat and started dancing with her head. "Salome? Don't make me laugh! The head of John the Baptist, John the Baptist, John the Baptist! … Ooh. John the Baptist?"
"No! I... I liked it... no, more than that... It was good... very good..."
Ethereal blue eyes widened in bafflement, unbelieving. Sherlock couldn't fathom why John would say such a thing without being subject to orgasmic release or lying limp in its afterglow.
you – and it felt like his baby brother was now out of his reach. Probably both.
"Oh God, Sherlock."
Seb stared dispassionately. "Sorry, I don't speak Italian."
"You're very welcome," Molly replies brightly.
"Oh well. Guess we can always keep them just in case."
Eliska frowned regally. "Kazimir? Well, let him in."
There was only one parking meter they could think of, which was in front of the bookshop. The problem was, they no longer had said papers. Joseph Openshaw didn't take it seriously and was found dead the next day in Portsdown Hill where he'd gone to visit an old friend.
"I feel unworthy, you feel unworthy, and we're getting nowhere. I will still think my body is horrendous and I cannot comprehend how you can like it; I will keep trying to please you and to be a satisfying sexual partner, because now I have found I like it, and I would never want to do it with anyone else but you – not for any stupid romantic reason, I must say, but because
When finally he got what he wanted from the Adler woman, he sent his little text to the man. Again, he regretted he couldn't see the expression on the elder Holmes's face. But Jim knew. He knew he had hit home, and that his message had been received.
All my cuffs have buttons. - He means thank you. - Do I? - Just say it. - Thank you.
"No."
"I'm fine. I'll just watch you."
"But you'll have to tell me clearly. What you want from me after you've died."
"Are you upset that he's no longer upset?" Seb suddenly asked one night when they were in bed. That was the only bed in the hotel room. Sherlock had considered telling Seb to sleep on the floor, like he'd done once for John Watson when they had been on a case that involved soap and poison and required that they spend the night in the bedroom of the victim.
John jolted.
"Well. That one was pretty bad," Seb remarked in a drawl.
John had been roaming the streets of London for two hours already, asking every homeless person if they knew Sherlock and had seen him, texting Lestrade in case he'd gone to the Met for some reason – but John didn't think so. He'd checked all the places they had gone to together, anything he could think of from the Chinese restaurant to the National Gallery. After an hour of fruitless searching, he was so worried he actually called Mycroft, but the idiot didn't answer his phone – he just replied with a text saying he was busy but would love to see John later in the evening. He'd actually sent one of those black cars after him, John had noticed, and presently a beautiful woman (the
Sherlock snorted.
Sherlock kept staring at her blankly. "On which side
When he woke up again the ceiling was grey. Daylight fell on the sheets and scattered the shadows like spilt milk. Greg felt the roughness of the sheets against his skin and tried to feel a presence by his side. He looked and remembered Caroline had left years ago. Sometimes he was reminded of what her presence had felt like; but he no longer felt her absence. Another one, more mercilessly potent still, had overridden Caro's.
Maybe John does feel a bit bad for him after all.
‘Victor.’
From John:
She looked up at him, and shrugged. "I don't know. But he said that if you cared about him, you would come."
"I'm already addicted to you, Sherlock. Addicted to the marrow. But it's true you're not psychic, and even you can't deduce the future for sure. So, if it reassures you..."
"Where are the stars?" she asks out loud. There is nothing but the road and the night and the starless sky. "I want to see the stars."
You wish he could read it all. The first week. The shopping to find a wig that would fit and the disembodied puppet. The smiley face above the toilet. The wine. The pills.
"If you want to. Where would you like to go?"
, leaving the poor couple speechless.
"I don't think I ever saw you in a bed."
"Probably," she concedes. Then with a wink: "But I prefer the teddy bear type."
"You know, Sherlock, I-"
"Mycroft had something delivered for you," she says, still wiping the tears off her face with a handkerchief. Sherlock frowns as she hands a bag to him. DVDs?
"Oh love."
And so Mycroft knew. Of course he would have known that Sherlock did not intend to go back to London. What was beyond Sherlock's comprehension, however, was the reason his brother deemed it worth to make the trip to Washington to break him down to pieces.
. He tried to grab it and remembered he
John walks to the door again, closes it, and turns off the light. You feel your muscles become tense at once.
"Just come back. You're being annoying. I can't stay all night. I'm busy."
"But it's true, you know? You just said so yourself. You cannot imagine us together before the Basement."
Fear. Anger. Challenge. Together, you bring the pill you hold to your mouths. Eyes locked, still.
Sherlock was reckless and got off by putting his life on the line to prove he was clever.
"I can appreciate it."
know, though. Not how bad it was.
"It's fine. I know there is nothing
"What did you do?" he insisted.
He hung up quite suddenly and stood up to meet the D.I.
"Oh God."
"I'm afraid that's not going to be possible."
He glares, then softens into a jaded expression. "You haven't seen me in years, John. You believed I was dead. You hadn't expected me to die. It was a shock. A trauma. You did not want me gone. It is only natural that you would... perhaps yearn for me in some unnatural way although–"
"It's fine," he says, thinking that answering John might be the right thing to do.
"How do you like it?" Moriarty inquired, amusement in his tone, completely unfazed at Sherlock's torment. He turned to John as if he were only doing all of this for him, and asked with a mocking smile: "And what about you, Johnny boy? Getting your kicks all right?"
It was true that Mycroft worried constantly about his crazy, reckless baby brother. But it was also true that they'd always had a relation of rivalry, and that
stay?
"Do you want to talk about your nightmare?"
"Sentiments."
I knew already by then... but did you? And did he? Such idiocy...
So he pushed John back slightly, and remembering his previous request, rolled on his stomach.
"Right."
The Woman locked eyes with him.
Because he could feel it. Sherlock's presence. Filling the room, embracing him – his scent on the bed even though Mrs Hudson had removed all sheets, the trace of his fingers on the door handle. Everything was here: except him. John clenched his fists on the bare mattress.
"Should I go to the bedroom?"
"I never ignore your calls, Dr. Watson. What's wrong?"
"No," he said darkly. "
"I think we did," he said, and forced Victor to meet his gaze.
As it was, though, this was a possibility he could not ignore. Sherlock was doing his best to please John, and he was genuinely considerate. But he was trying too hard. Even the way he focused so intensely on John betrayed that he was worried, impatient, excited. He was doing his best, and that was the problem.
"Shut up!"
"Aw, no need to be so rude," Sebastian mumbled as he crept up on him. Sherlock shivered and shook off his embrace.
Sherlock growled something incomprehensible, in which John still caught the word "stupid". Catching John's hand, he brought it down to his own groin. His flesh was flaccid, and John tried to take his hand back, definitely persuaded that Sherlock could not possibly want this, and ashamed of his own feral reaction. But Sherlock held his hand in place. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Slowly, John felt him quiver against his palm, then little by little, rise and harden.
The British government pursed his lips.
"It's not funny!"
though, you willed yourself to stop right away. You had become very talented at controlling your breathing, and the mechanism was now set in place. It was the sobbing and the consequent lack of air that had woken you up this time, and you cursed the stupid nightmares that still managed to have a toll on your brain and body.
"Well thank God for that."
"I have an appointment in forty minutes."
You frown. She smirks. "You jealous?"
Or was Sherlock answering John's first question...? The poor doctor could make no sense out of it.
"She wasn't mine either."
"Sherlock. Was it true? What he said about your... method."
He hangs his head down. "I'm sorry," he murmurs. "Please forgive me." You see the scene with Molly on Christmas replay in your mind. Same scene, all over again.
"I think Mycroft told me about him. Rather as Sherlock's first real case than as a friend, but..."
"There will be nothing to interrupt," he said before trying to get up. But she kept him seated firmly, straddling him even tighter.
"You've got a hidden kid somewhere?"
"Hello, brother dear! How are you?"
"The discarded woman," Sebastian announced theatrically. "That makes you Snow White, dear!"
, this would have to wait until John was a man again. And even then…
There was no trace of question there. John's face broke into a smile. He reached out and put his palm on Sherlock's forehead before pushing back the curls and running his fingers through his hair. He didn't stop to think about the intimacy of the gesture. In fact, he was not inclined to stop at all.
Sebastian smiled back, unperturbed. He was, in fact, enjoying himself quite a lot.
Next came the scarf. He was starting to unbutton his shirt when Moriarty's voice interrupted him.
"Mary, that's cruel," Mrs. Hudson let out in a murmur.
"It is difficult," he admitted with a nod, "but Sherlock, it's not just that. It's..."
, it's none of your business. And the man seems to be genuinely in love with her. But still, it would be better if she knew... Right. None of your business.
, because they would feel better afterwards. Sherlock must have understood, too, for he glowered at her. For a moment she thought he'd leave for good this time.
"Where did
"What time is it?"
How had
"Oh, you mean like: 'Hey mum, hey dad, actually the person I married was a man, now I'm pregnant and we're getting a divorce – but we're the best of friends and I'm moving in next door so we can be close and especially when the brat is a baby because alone that would be a hassle – I mean, even more of a hassle'. You're right, love. I'm sure they would be o-ver-joyed."
John wasn't trying to provoke her, or to always remind them of his loss. He talked of Sherlock as if he didn't mind anymore. It always made Chris feel a little uneasy.
"Calm down! I was joking,
"That's what people DO!"
Victor laughed, and it was the saddest sound Sherlock had ever heard.
He grabbed some clothes in his suitcase and went to change in the bathroom. He was half expecting Irene to have vanished when he came out, but she was still there, beautiful in her green evening dress and amber jewels.
"Here. You have to eat something."
The man named Sebastian smirked and Sherlock felt himself flush red – whether from anger or shame, he didn't want to know. He looked away and resumed wriggling his hips to the rhythm of an imaginary beat.
Blake's breathing is regular now, his face relaxed in a drowsy calmness.
See?" She shakes her head. "Irretrievable." Her tone is teasing. "I'm too young to have this kind of relationship with my husband, John. If we were in our seventies, maybe. Actually, it'd be perfect then. I would love to grow old with you."
"You know what my point is. You just don't want to think about it."
Now fully awake, John goggled at the oblivious figure that was lying next to him. A childlike expression was gracing the traits of his face, which was mere inches away from John's. The doctor gulped awkwardly, and shivered as Sherlock stirred in his sleep. His head was resting on the other pillow, and so there was a minimum distance between them; but their bodies were intertwined together, Sherlock's hand on his chest gripping his pyjamas like a little boy would grip the bottom of his mother's dress. His leg was curled around John's, calf against calf, his thigh delicately pressing against the smaller man's groin. John was very glad he was not at an age where morning wood was common – otherwise, the position they were in would have been even more embarrassing.
"Shut up," John grumbled.
"I haven't taken any clothes. My pyjamas are in the room."
"No," John declined a little too quickly. He breathed in slowly. He had to get a grip. "I haven't got all evening Mycroft. Sherlock is on a case and—"
By the end of the day, he's spoken to many homeless people, trying to get them to talk about Sherlock – but not all of them knew him personally. He tried the few spots he remembered from their cases, but didn't find any of the people he knew. Maybe they don't trust him, he muses. It would sound rather crazy if he told them he wanted to track the traces of a ghost – they'd laugh.
Sherlock?"
"What do you mean?" Victor asked, looking increasingly angry. If he wanted anger, he'd get anger.
," she said with an impish smile. Mycroft smirked back.
, Sherlock? Cats don't eat toast!"
"More than you think."
The doctor could only hear him call out his name.
"So nothing. I took his place for three years. I became him. Moran was his John Watson. I needed him as an ally."
"What can you possibly need to check online?"
"What in the world is wrong with you? You can't just go around kidnapping people!"
, I... I'm..." He was silenced again.
Speaking of which, it was high time Sherlock went in to get John back. As he walked around the house again, he stopped by the couple's bedroom window. It was closed, so he could not hear what they were saying, but he could observe. And observe he did.
"Fine, Ms... ?"
"Are you sympathizing?"
, she told herself.
he wasn't gay, but as dear Miss Adler had so kindly put it, that obviously didn't seem to matter in regards to Sherlock bloody Holmes. Indeed. Well, John was past denial. Or so he thought. In fact, he understood that giving in to the "I'm married to my work" crap and "I don't
"I have a feeling he would've taken very, very good care of you in that respect, you know."
"Very nice to meet you," Ferdinand said, extending his hand. To John's surprise, Sherlock shook it with a polite smile. "So, you are going to stay in...this room?"
to. Do you understand?"
"Oh, you'd be surprised..."
John repressed a sigh.
He was cut off by the tiger putting a paw on his thigh and stared, dumbfounded.
"That's what I said. Are you tired?"
"No, I mean the police arresting an innocent who committed suicide the next day," Lestrade answered gravely. Seeing the topic made John uncomfortable, he moved on promptly:
"I feel like having cake."
"Sherlock, you've got clothes in our suitcase too!"
. I'm simply not used to this. You must understand."
"You know, I found something funny in the goose when I cut it."
The repetition was never a problem: desire is the very core of life, and it is only natural that it always fixates on a new object. Satisfaction is dull, anyway. The ache is what keeps us going – well, in any case, what kept
"No, that's not it. I think you are attracted to me. No, I know you are. But it isn't something you've ever wanted or chosen for yourself."
again, and that he was still neglecting his own erection.
"More... throat feels dry... lips, too.. chapped... please..."
"Here," Sherlock cuts in, putting his hand between them, his palm open, waiting for John's. John, of course, finds nothing better to do than to stare at the hand instead of reaching for it. "Come on, take it."
Sherlock just stared at him, utterly lost and confused. He just didn't understand how their conversation had ended up being about
, John reckoned as he raised his arm and reached towards his friend's face tentatively, before pushing an inky curl back from his porcelain brow. John observed his partner's face closely. Sherlock truly was stunning. Not in a beautiful way, but in a dazzling, mesmerizing manner that John could not quite explain. He always thought it was because of the eyes, eerily blue and most conspicuous against the paleness of his skin, which contrasted with the darkness of his hair.
The bell interrupted her thoughts, and she opened the door carefully.
"When the baby's born. And only for a week or two."
"What about Italian food?"
, had most likely taken care of Miss Slaney, hoping to save her. Now however she had lost consciousness, so it was likely that she didn't stand much chance.
"Yes, Sherlock, I'm sure. I was even before you suddenly came back from the dead."
13:04
"Or do you want me in the shower with you?"
"Yeah. I hunt," Sebastian answered with a smile. Shinwell's eyes were fixed on him.
The one you were currently waltzing with at a high-class ball in the honour of the French ambassador – a ball to which only government officials were invited – was quite lovely. Older, too. Very proud, you could tell.
"Of course not."
"Sherlock..."
"I hate you... I hate you so much. I'll never forgive you."
"Couldn't... couldn't stand William any more, because he was a drunk always fooling around and..."
"AGAAA!"
"Look who's talking," the doctor groaned back.
As the bullet entered his flesh, he yelped and remembered John was probably too ignorant to know Siberian tigers roared infrequently, mostly after a successful kill or during the search for a mate. Obviously there was no proper mate for a tiger around, and there wasn't anyone else in the whole house that it could have killed, Mrs. Hudson being away. If John had been Sherlock, he would have known all that, and he'd have
to. It was an experiment.
"John, John, what have you
John groaned.
"He told me," the detective scoffed.
"You may take a walk if you like, John. I imagine you haven't had much of a chance to get some air lately, have you?"
"Yeah, he is. He is dead. This is just a dream."
"Okay, so rule number 1: no roaring."
"That notebook."
"So what else did you want from me?"
"Catherine, John.
"I am proud."
Sherlock shivered. The wetness was still there on his face.
"Your shower."
"Oh, I think you've enjoyed yourself just fine."
"Had he left? I didn't know. I just read the papers and his declaration was quoted."
He had been using it even more since they had started to transform.
"I'm always inviting you."
, she thought dreamily.
Did Irene Adler ever see you like this? No, probably not. I don't know what I'm saying.
"How can you sleep?"
to her."
But back to Seb.
, nothing less!"
"Here. Put on your blue gown. Don't walk around naked, you'll really catch a cold."
"This is my sister Harry and her partner, Chris. And Angelo, there's no reason we shouldn't p-"
"Don't give me that look," he said, even though Sherlock was hardly giving him any look, "you know as well as I do that you can type an answer. Or you can move my hands with your...paws, if it's easier."
He brought the kettle to the living-room, along with two mugs, and indicated a chair for Mycroft to sit in. "I suppose it is a bit dreary. But it doesn't matter. I knew I wouldn't be staying long."
And with those words she walked out of his life.
"Of course I know!" George finally exploded, and John winced, though he did not step back from his position next to Sherlock, should the man suddenly decide to lunge at him. The urge to punch Sherlock. Yeah, John could relate to that. "Do you know how hard it was for Helena to leave everything behind? Friends, family... She's an orphan, did you know? The people who raised her, well, Brad didn't like them. But they were the closest thing she had to
‘One of the maids, surely?’ the man said, looking anything but sure. Sherlock clicked his tongue. Victor’s hand was on his arm in a second, trying to be calming. Strangely, it worked.
At breakfast the next day, Sherlock was very quiet. Every time John stood up he eyed him warily, discreetly, and he glanced at the living-room door. John wondered whether he was afraid John would go out, or that somebody would come in. Sherlock had been on edge since the previous morning and still refused to see Lestrade, or to let John out of his sight. But on the other hand he was incredibly attentive to John's mood and gestures and every expression; he had forced himself to eat something without John asking him directly, just from the look he 'd got when he had pushed away the toast; he had gone into the bathroom alone and had not insisted when John had said he would shower later because he needed a good cuppa right away.
"You've got a peculiar image of warriors, Seb," Sherlock said, and his tone was genuine. It made Moran want to hug him – or put a bullet in his head to see the shock and childlike surprise on his face. He ran his fingers in Sherlock's curls.
"We need to arrive before he wakes up."
He finally gets into a cab and announces the address to the driver. Mycroft, he muses. His hatred for the man has cooled down, only to become more tenacious. He would make no scene if he saw him again. He would neither shout, nor insult him. But he would kill him. Because he had known – he must have known – what would happen. And he had done nothing. Nothing to save his own brother. Oh, surely he must have had reasons – Queen and country and whatnot – and John respects that. Consequently, he would not have recourse to any curse words. But he would use the bullet. One could recognize a choice, and make an entirely different one. He could never forgive Mycroft.
"What? No, God no!"
"How could he leave his phone when he didn't even tell me where he was going?" he asked desperately, looking at the beast on the bed.
"I reckon that is none of your business."
"I can live with being a bag of bones, John," Sherlock retorted with annoyance. "I've heard much worse."
, he mused, and the thought elicited an unintended chuckle. John turned his frowning face to the tiger, but the sparkle in Sherlock's eyes was so genuine, so far from the snicker he'd expected, that he felt himself melt. Sherlock noticed, and extended his paw in a peace-seeking gesture. John stared at the paw, then up to the tiger's eyes, and at the paw again. Finally he extended his paw as well, aiming to put it on Sherlock's and seal the deal. Except that his leg was much, much shorter... and didn't make it to the extended paw. John blinked in disbelief and his eyes widened in embarrassment. His humiliation was now complete. Sherlock felt very much like snorting, so silly was the whole situation. But he wisely decided against it and instead came closer to the poor manul until their paws touched. The contact snapped John out of his petrification and kindled a stifled pule from him. Seeing that it wasn't enough, Sherlock flattened until his head was on the same level as John's paw and nuzzled it.
Sherlock's eyes turned to slits as he observed his partner.
They locked eyes, and Sherlock blinked.
Sherlock's gaze flared up.
"What the... Get a grip, for Christ's sake! You were both drunk, it was an unfortunate sentence that escaped your lips, and-"
"Come on, let's get into the shower," John interrupted, standing up. He didn't extend a hand to Sherlock, nor did he help him stand again, but his hand never left his friend's arm. He looked him in the eye.
John was dumbstruck by the question and just gawked.
Sherlock looked at Victor curiously.
John got back on track by himself. Greg heard from Mycroft that he had found a job again, in a clinic, and from Mrs. Hudson that he had moved back into Baker Street. Shortly after, Greg received a phone call he no longer dared hope for.
"I said it's nothing, John."
sweaty
Considering recent events, however, he shouldn't take things for granted. Sherlock wouldn't just be fine every time he snapped, knowing for certain that he'd come back and everything would return to normal, because he'd lost that certainty. What had happened to him in the Basement and what ensued were things he could never have imagined, things he never even thought of. It had turned his life upside down and made him lose all his bearings. Then John had snapped at him because with Lestrade coming and Sherlock being a prick, everything seemed back to normal, and so it hadn't felt unusual to chide him. Except that it would never be 'back to normal' – if that held any sense for them anyway. Even if Sherlock appeared to be his usual self, which was a very good sign, the harm had been done. Then stupid Mycroft just had to kidnap John and Sherlock had to go through yet another trauma – the apparent evidence of being suddenly abandoned by his only friend.
You stare at him. You really want to ask whether he is talking about sex or a relationship in general, but you do not dare. In fact, that's not even important.
"I never took my eyes off you."
Sebastian shrugs.
"Too bad?"
"I'd love to."
"I feed upon it and extinguish it"
"You're thinking about me," he reformulated, incomprehension in his voice. "I'm lying naked before you and you're
"But he said he'd come. He was the one who chose the restaurant."
You stare, stunned.
She stared. He smiled.
"Come on, Sherlock, let's go," John urges him gently, as if it were necessary. Sherlock follows him without a word.
"Or it's a miracle. What d'you think, John?"
"So you think I love you?" she inquires with her hilarious snob mimicry, sending him a theatrically scornful look.
He sighed. Too late. Talking may not have been such a great idea after all. But seriously, they had been arguing just a few minutes prior to this unendurable silence, so what could have triggered
Something close to irritation flashed in Sherlock's eyes and he furrowed his brow slightly.
Sherlock smirked slightly as John looked away. He could read him like an open book – anyone would've been able to quite easily, really; John was just so obvious. Well, not all the time, he admitted. Sometimes Sherlock just couldn't make sense out of his reactions, couldn't predict what he'd do or say, and those were truly the best moments. John had the ability to
Kissed him. He had
"That's not what I'm saying!"
"But you are, John," Lestrade says with determination.
"Mary this is delicious!"
? Come here. I'm not going to experiment on you. You look like a smart cat – no, scratch that, you definitely don't
"We've found Henry's body," Lestrade said.
you strike me as a very responsible person."
"Nope."
You'd forgotten what a child he was. Your eyes fall on his furrowed brow and his pouting mouth. You take another sip. "You don't need to explain everything." The pieces of toast are ready. You pick them and turn to Sherlock, looking him in the eye. He gulps.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John had been attached to him. He had
The look Mrs Hudson gave him despite her perfectly convincing tone told John that she had some idea of where Sherlock was and in what shape. John smiled as agreeably as possible. This was such bad timing. Just when he was about to finally get Sherlock to talk to him... Now, with a case, who knew when the consulting detective's mind would be available again?
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. Victor shrugged.
"Didn't I tell you the tale?"
"Because I need to know that you want me and that you're not just playing along to please me."
The ex-soldier's first reaction was to choose death over such a humiliation, but then after having seen Sherlock's face, he'd changed his mind and seemed to have concluded that rape was not too high a price to pay if he could still be with Sherlock.
"But–"
"Did Seb ever cook for you?" you ask casually as you come back to the living-room.
"Tired of what?"
"Just leave it. He'll eat it later," John cut in, to prevent the situation from degenerating. The nurse put the tray down with an unreadable look and left without a word.
"I only posted it ten minutes ago, Sherlock!"
Mary allows herself to smile back, then turns back to the menu.
But then Sherlock had played it for him. The day he learned Adler wasn't dead, and after having heard her conversation with John, he had played the piece as his friend entered the flat. And John had understood then what he had meant: the way
"Really? I thought you'd be happy, considering you've always thought I needed one."
"God, Sherlock, of course it's all right!"
"Moriarty understood me perfectly," Sherlock interrupts, and your heart twists at the words. "But he hadn't planned on your getting in the picture. He knew my mind, knew how I worked. Had become a fan of mine, you see. The catch-me-if-you-can type."
? Just
"John."
"Yes. Please unload it now, Seb."
"I never said that."
"Yes. That, too."
"Jim Moriarty was arrested... well, abducted by our services. In exchange for the crucial information we needed, he asked about Sherlock's childhood. Obviously he was up to no good, but I warned Sherlock about it. I warned him, and... My mistake was to be blind to the man's true character. His true purpose, too. I did not expect him to kill himself. Only for this reason did he manage to have Sherlock jump."
He bit his lips and finished his thought.
"I know I messed up that day we were kidnapped and brought to the... to the basement, but it wasn't a game. He wasn't even playing, he..."
Before he can see the sky?"
"Is this how it looked, John?"
He shakes his head. "I'm sorry, John. I really am. I know what you mean. But there's no time. Now." He takes the bottle you left on the table, and the pill out. "Let's take our medicine together. On the count of three. One."
"You said you'd never leave me," he screamed. "You said you'd never leave me behind! Liar, liar, liar, LIAR!"
"What?"
"What did you call me for, Mycroft?"
"What's going on?"
"Shut up."
"Fine! But hurry up before I change my mind!" Then to himself: "God, this is ridiculous...
"Sorry," he mumbled, his voice barely audible.
"Of course. Just wait and see. We will find him."
"I just wanted to apologize for my behaviour earlier. When you ran into me you dropped your wallet – it was in my books when you gave them back to me, I suppose you didn't notice."
"Like that you can just be your quirky self. No one will question the excentricity of a crime novelist."
and rolled onto his side, effectively tripping the poor boy who fell flat on his face, cursing loudly. The man jolted, faking outrage and crying out, alerting the hostesses who rushed to their side. Rubbing his head, Jérémie tried to get up but found that he was stuck and had to be picked up by two crew members like a little child. Humiliated, he turned a death glare to the devious stranger, only to find him looking all lost and confused, as if he had indeed just been disturbed in his sleep by a clumsy teenager.
The sniper smiled crookedly behind the cloud of smoke he had just blown.
i.e.: when the tough times come, you will be left alone. Part of a longer quote from Ovid,
with a kid? Don't be stupid.
She brought her hand to his face and traced his eyebrow, continuing down to his cheekbone and his chin.
"What are you doing here? What is your
"So, your shift is over now?"
to cuddle. So why was John a manul this morning, when they had been holding each other all night? Had he felt upset or miserable? Did he regret breaking up with Maggie irreversibly, and had he realized this when he'd landed in a man's bed? In
He thought he heard Sherlock catch his breath. Had this been too direct? But he might not get a chance to have the detective so close to him and willing to listen and
"That's very kind of you. I'd love to–"
The air felt surprisingly cold around his hard member, and Sherlock looked down at it to see if anything was wrong. His eyes widened when he saw John kneeling between his spread legs, his face mere inches away from his penis. He stared for a second, the second it took for his brain to send the explosive signal throughout his entire body, and he burst with a moan, which soon turned into a cry when he felt John mouth him
The young woman's expression had darkened considerably; her voice was cold, her tone final.
"Why are
"I really shouldn't be too long, John–"
Rating for this chapter is K+
"Never said you did."
"Oh."
You look around, beginning to panic. Time. You need to buy time.
"Oh." He does not look surprise. Only slightly disappointed, perhaps. "Well, go take your shower then, if you like."
Mrs. Hudson stood there for a few minutes, furious beyond words. She had always liked to chat. She was starting to hate it.
"I like it because it's about a raven!"
"I don't know," he simply said, and John felt something break inside him. Never had he been so touched by one of his friend's indifferent comment.
"It didn't feel bad."
"It's fine, it's all fine... Shall I tell you a story to lull you to sleep? It's a fairy tale. A nice one, too. It teaches you something, so you should like it. Want to hear it?"
Sherlock gave him a pointed look.
Molly sent him her most dazzling smile and he fell quiet. Sherlock had been right all along. The blond hair
Outside, it starts snowing.
"Sherlock, just go back to your room! Don't make me repeat myself."
"You...!" Sherlock exclaimed with indignation.
Presently he was curious to see what a very low-voltage electricity jolt would do to his body – hence the four water buckets. Since he wasn't sure of the outcome of the experiment, he'd decided to stay in the living-room. When John finally realized what he was doing, the hair on his back stood straight up and he leapt off the couch to run over. He jumped on time to startle the tiger out of his experiment and made him stumble, fall flat on his fac and splatter water all over the floor. Sherlock yelped in protest, but John bit his nose to silence him.
"You can stay," Sherlock says before he can think twice about it. The words actually surprise him. Stay? Why is
"Doesn't ring any bell?"
"It is true I would have never become involved in romance or sex with you before the Basement. But you must understand the Basement as both a trauma and an
"What?"
"I... Sherlock. What do you want?"
You had him followed and so knew where he was living now – strangely enough, you hadn't expected him to move out of Baker Street so quickly. In fact, he'd barely moved out at all. He just hadn't gone back, and Harry Watson had come to collect what was strictly necessary – clothes, his laptop, and so on. Not much. It had pained you that he didn't even wish to take anything from 221B as a memento, something to remind him of you. Not that you'd admit it, even to yourself.
"Sherlock. Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock..."
the new guy?’
Distraught, Sherlock leant in and kissed John with desperation.
Rating for this chapter is T.
"Thank you for inviting us tonight," Molly said, turning her cup of herbal tea in her hands absent-mindedly, thinking of a yellow mug with green polka-dots.
"What?"
John was in shock and just let himself be led, only snapping out of it once the car had pulled away.
Rating for this chapter is K+
You choke on your drink and look up at Mary with wide eyes.
John could hear the teasing irony in his voice and glared at him.
John was painfully aware of each point of contact between his skin and the sheet, his skin and the mattress; Sherlock was keeping a safe distance between them, but his smell and the warmth of his body were pervading the bed, slowly enveloping John. He felt ensnared, yet dreadfully unwilling to fight it.
"No."
When he looked back up at his nemesis, he remembered that he really shouldn't be
Sherlock's head throbbed. He could recognize the Woman's voice, and Seb's, too. But everything was blurry and the migraine was making him dizzy.
Gingerly, John put a hand on Sherlock's which was resting on the bench. "I was what?" he asked gently.
Sherlock frowned and got up from the couch, trying to dispel the sense of unease threatening to cloud his mind when it should be focusing on Brad Campbell's death alone. He had to talk to John.
Again, he fell the weight of Sherlock's eyes fixed on him, and wondered since when he had developed this sense. He turned away abruptly and walked into the kitchen to get Sherlock's steaming mug, came back, handed it to him. Sherlock's gaze was still on him and John forced himself to look up and hold it. Their fingers brushed as Sherlock took the mug, and his voice was quiet when he said:
. John wasn't his, and was free to leave whenever he wanted. John was another human being, one that had effect on him, and even several effects, but that was beyond his own power.
He froze. He'd just deduced and... he'd been wrong. His conclusion hadn't been correct. A wave of nausea hit him and he felt fear gnawing in the pit of his stomach. He'd failed. At something as simple as deducing
"Well my best friend is attending a wedding abroad, and you know how close I am to my family."
He complied nonetheless and started reading the file sulkily as John closed the door on him.
9am. What was John doing? He hadn't gone out last night, and he habitually got up around 7. Sherlock hadn't even heard him shower this morning. In fact, he hadn't heard anything at all coming from the upper room. His thoughts suddenly grew uneasy. What if John was ill? A fever perhaps? But he was a doctor, Sherlock wouldn't be useful with something like that. Would he? No, definitely not. There was no point in going up to check on him. No point at all.
"Are you all right?"
‘Where is Victor Trevor,’ he demanded as soon as he reached the reception desk. The woman flushed.
"None," Sherlock confirmed, the beginning of a smirk forming on his lips. "Because you won't do it."
a sing song voice whispered somewhere in his mind.
The tiger nodded.
He pouted. Molly smiled gently and stepped away. She wondered how she could have found Shinwell nondescript when she had first met him with Meena in that bar. Just a brown-haired stranger. Funny how life turned out, sometimes.
room! What have you done again?"
"Don't wait for me tonight," you say when you are at the door. "We might be a bit late."
A Cheshire cat-like grin spread across the detective's face. He put John down and kissed his brow to assuage him before standing up and going to his room. Mrs. Hudson had given him one once so he would stop shooting at the walls and throw it instead – less damage, less noise... As he rummaged through his drawers, he finally found it.
"When was the last time you ate?"
"What did I miss?"
"Of course. You'll know everything you need to know."
"But I was wrong about something. I thought that for sure, once you were done playing the bad guy, the great criminal mastermind, or the sacrificed hero, you'd go home whining and showing off, more childish than ever. Even sexier, too."
Molly wondered if he had known for a while, or if it was in the text he'd just received. Either way, he probably knew more about his current location than she did.
"Agaaa!"
"Quite disgusting, huh?"
The image faded and was replaced with John standing by the window in the living-room, watching out for any police car that'd come to arrest Sherlock. To arrest
‘Your point was
"Sherlock, please–"
his own reaction, confessing his love to him indirectly at first, not even telling
"I have no idea what you mean, and I don't want to know," you mumble, sleepiness taking its toll on you once more, John's warmth helping you relax slowly into slumber. His lips in your neck open your eyes with a jolt.
thought John as he circled the sacrum with a soothing fondle, massaging the buttocks and middle back, spreading outwards from the spine. His movements were becoming more frantic by the second, more desperate than gentle, too. Sherlock growled and was torn between arching his back and snuggling closer. Instead, he responded by darting his tongue onto John's shoulder, licking the scar and wound, remembering that his previous reaction to it had been more than satisfying. He found he loved the taste of blood – of
"Take me home?"
Her eyes turned to slits, but the smile remained on her lips.
. Sherlock still couldn't walk around the flat half-naked or dressed in only his blue robe, for fear John would find out his injury hadn't exactly been caused by a blade.
Here the detective had added quickly, like an afterthought, and as if reluctantly:
"Look, Sherlock, I think we should–"
"You don't have a phone?"
"How deep?" John cut in, smirking as he leant in closer, resuming his firm pressure strokes to penetrate the muscles, mixed with light, tantalising touches.
"I will leave you to it, then," the elder Holmes said, and John nodded voicelessly, whatever "it" was. From the look of amusement Mycroft had on his face as he left, he certainly had some idea.
You must have been scared. Surely, you did feel fear. Doubt. I would have done anything for you, and I thought you knew. I realized you didn't. That's why I told you. You looked so sad. You were so good at hiding it from him. Life is unfair, but you were even more unfair than life.
"What?"
"Well, that was–"
"Sorry for what?"
"I want you to be comfortable around me."
expected the man to shoot himself in the mouth. But then you'd been startled by a ringtone breaking the silence of the mortuary at night. '
Sebastian's face broke into a grin.
"Idiot... Did he have to do this? Bloody idiot... Didn't even say goodbye... Damn him..."
John simply smiled, then remembered their conversation and refocused his attention on the elder Holmes.
"John."
Sherlock smirked and they exchanged an amused, knowing look. John leant in and kissed his lover briefly.
Sherlock could not help resenting him a little for it. If John had simply asked him to answer his texts, he would have. He'd been busy this afternoon, but not enough to ignore a plea from his friend if he received one. After his encounter with Helena Whittaker at the Met, Sherlock had needed to test a theory. Going mentally through the case file again, he'd hired a car and had retraced the route Ms. Whittaker claimed to have taken the morning of the murder. She had tickets from her grocery shopping and it was almost too convenient. Although the police had been satisfied with her testimony, Sherlock deemed it worth taking the extra step, and checking whether she could still have been at Brad's house at the approximate time of the murder.
Sherlock furrowed his brow in annoyance. "Pressing your mouth onto someone else's?"
"Why don't you let me comfort you?"
She sticks her tongue at him and escapes to the armchair, grabbing her book and curling up into a ball.
"You're kidding me!"
Rubbing his temples, he tried to make sense out of this – no Sherlock, his clothes on the kitchen's floor, and a
This chapter was kindly betaed by Wingatron :) Hope you enjoy!
John kissed him again. And again. And again – drowning the babble until Sherlock shut his mouth and finally seemed ready to listen to him. It broke John's heart that Sherlock should feel so despondent and miserable.
This time, Sherlock snapped. His pupils flared up as he stood up abruptly.
He actually cares. He cares about her.
"You're an idiot," he said softly.
"We are not going to get very far if you answer with questions, Miss Hooper."
"The real question is: how did the killer become aware of the contents of the letter?"
with him. He must've thought he was getting a brother-in-law or something!"
"You know I can't consider it the same way. Before the Basement, I probably would have taken it quite badly, but–"
"Then stay."
"You liked it."
John diverted his glare to his shoes, and took a deep breath before following the pair inside.
suitcase") was enough to prevent him from sulking.
Sherlock observed him closely.
Sherlock felt the bile rise in his throat but willed it down again. He would have time to be sick and fall apart when this was over. When John was safe.
"We can... I beg your pardon?"
John seethed. The tiger frowned and couldn't think of anything better to do to wipe away the scowl on the manul's puffed up face than to lap it up. John shrieked and jumped back, falling off the tiger into the water flowing across the floor. He mewled pitifully. Sherlock chuckled and picked up the poor cat by the scruff of his neck, like a mother picking up her kitten. He carried him to the bathroom where he wrapped him up in a dry towel. John squealed and struggled at first, but once he was surrounded by the softness and warmth of the towel, he stopped complaining and Sherlock even thought he heard a quiet purr.
"No."
"See? I knew jumping would still be a challenge for you in the end. Partly. You're still a kid, Sherlock, still a kid. Wanting to stand up to Big Brother. Wanting to run away from home. See the world. The big bad world. So what did you learn?"
"You're an incredible woman, you know that?"
John was certainly about to protest when Sherlock turned up the hot water himself and oriented the shower head towards his smaller friend.
"What did you say?" you ask, trying not to sound too shaky, feeling ridiculous. You hide your trembling hand under his pyjamas.
Sherlock's eyes remained shut from the world and he didn't answer. After a few seconds, however, he stood up from the couch and went to sit on the chair. A shiver ran down his spine as his arms and his back and buttocks collided with the wood. He closed his eyes.
"Yes, lovely."
"Oh don't look so indignant. Or do you want to go back?"
Moriarty had laughed again.
He gave John a pointed look. "Are you really awake?"
"I said: you are going to top," Sherlock repeated impatiently. "
"Is it too hot?"
, he rectified.
"Whatever you want," Victor said. Sherlock arched an eyebrow.
"Eight."
"Sherlock!"
The doctor took a deep breath and let his hand fall back alongside his body.
"Is Seb coming to pick you up?" she asks.
"Yes, well, pay some extra attention, won't you?"
"Do you know why Helena Whittaker divorced her ex-husband?"
"I feed upon it and extinguish it"
"So you have a flatmate? Funny, at your age... No offence."
"All right, calm down, I won't call him. But Sherlock, you need someone to-"
"That's it! The second keyword must be the answer! Sherlock had been mimicking a
She blushed and resumed her work. She'd been a cleaning lady since she was a very young woman, having no talent whatsoever for studies – but she'd been happy to be hired in this calm and proper little hotel in the center of the city, not so far from Lake Léman – and close to the station too, which allowed her to visit her brother every once in a while on weekends. She enjoyed going to the country, and she always loved the beautiful landscapes of Switzerland.
But as he met Sherlock's blazing gaze, he knew all words would be ineffective. Sherlock was hurting himself because he wanted something and no longer gave a damn. The only way to reach him now was to give him what he wanted.
"Hmm... A man, I think."
Golem! Let him go... or I
In the darkness behind his eyelids, he could see the light flow freely, enthusiastically, like the currents linking the different elements of his mind palace. The flow wasn't part of the palace, but what allowed it to stand tall and vibrant. Sherlock felt a touch on his back, fingers in his hair, a mouth on his chin, hands roaming on his torso and thighs, a foreign body stirring life into his. From his chest, beyond the fear, came rushing this improbable flow.
John jumped.
Lestrade's jaw almost drops. You take a sip of your beer.
"You're amazing, Sherlock."
"Yes, it's a bullet wound."
. You retched and jolted to your feet, getting to the bathroom just in time to empty your stomach in the lavatory bowl.
"Hello there," he says. Frowning a little, he adds: "You look terribly tired. Do you still have work to do for tomorrow?"
"No. I mean, I hope not." John's gaze wavered. "Do you?"
"No!"
"The guts to take full advantage of this situation. It was quite clever, of course, but precisely..."
"Oh! I see. Well, glad to see you anyway. How was your summer?" he inquires as he sits next to him, ordering a drink.
"John. I said don't bother."
"Uhm... Hi. I'm sorry, are you a friend of John's? Because he's gone out with a pal for the evening and–"
"Fine. But we need to talk. Do you feel too tired for that?"
"I had no idea he liked cats so much – he rather struck me as the dog-type. Loving, faithful, self-sacrificing..."
"Yes, yes, they are masters of manipulation. But you're almost as capable as them."
"Come on, Sherlock. Touch yourself."
Sherlock seemed to think for a second, then frowned.
"Oh. I see. So you're not John's pet. You're–"
"I know. And I truly am sorry."
of a case!"
"Okay, this is going to be awkward, but... You need to hear this. You're right, I was disgusted. With Moriarty, for one thing, and with myself too. Because it pained me to see you go through this just so the maniac wouldn't shoot me, and I was so frustrated to be that... powerless. There was nothing I could do but look at you."
"What was there for
. Moriarty hadn't defiled or broken him: he had showed him – and John – how utterly defiled and broken he already was, always had been. In his place, John wouldn't be crying and shaking. John wouldn't have been all awkward and ridiculous, he would have been proud and given whatever the wacko in front of him was asking before turning to his friend and tending to his wounds as if
"It's all right. It's all right, Molly."
"Really?" Molly replied, looking around her.
"Now I see it, yeah, the riding crop. I mention that to all my first dates. Perfect way to hit on someone, yeah."
John's breathing was rather ragged, so Sherlock tried to soothe him with caresses and soon, his mouth was back on the tantalizing nipple. He smiled as he felt John gradually harden against him and let his hands roam lower and lower. Suddenly John retched and awoke with a gasp, jolting. Sherlock jumped back, surprised, and sat up.
"Whole milk. With honey."
"It's just that.. aah! Ha ha... you're such.. ah... a susceptible twat..."
John cursed and hurled the pillow in his face, storming out of the room. Sherlock smirked and held the pillow to his chest, drowsing back to sleep with a smile on his lips.
The hand around his erection is stroking and squeezing alternately, rubbing the tip tantalizingly and teasing the base expertly, not forgetting to stimulate the hardening balls, eliciting hungry, wretched noises from John resounding in the room. "Sherlock! Please... Please, Sherlock... Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherl-"
. What's an
So you want your own flat. I understand."
. When she became pregnant, he said he would marry her only if she cut all ties – what kind of man asks that of the woman he loves, huh? But she did love him. And she accepted. So she left her country and everything she knew to have a life with him here, and then what? Then
"You'll have to take a butt bath."
Suddenly Sherlock grabs his archenemy by his collar and spins him around, shoving him near the edge.
"Sherlock?" he asked. "No, why would I kill him? Jim didn't."
have been personally in danger because of my association with you: I was kidnapped by the Chinese Mafia, strapped with Semtex by a madman, threatened by CIA agents just to make you open a bloody safe..."
You wait until you hear the front door close; you wait until Mrs. Hudson dares knock on the door with hesitation, asking if everything is all right, she's sorry dear, but it was Harry, and Christiane was there too, so she thought it might be just fine to let them in, and suddenly Harry was so lively, but oh she's glad everything is all right, and Mary dear you look quite pale you should rest a bit, John take good care of her won't you? She's having tea with Mrs. Turner today and she'll ask her about the flat. Mary walks her to the door. Yes. Thank you very much, Mrs. Hudson. Let us know about the flat. Nothing urgent, though. No, not before a year at least. Yes. Thank you.
"I feed upon it and extinguish it"
"You!"
"I look ridiculous in this gown."
Sebastian took his glass back dryly and fell quiet. Moriarty sighed.
Sherlock snapped back to reality when he realized John was actually talking to him and not just chanting his name. Bringing a hand to John's sweaty brow, Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair, a smile playing on his lips.
"The future?" Greg repeated dumbly.
So lower John went, working out every knot on each side of the spine. He was fascinated with the way his touch made Sherlock undulate. Every time a knot melted a little under his fingers, John felt a wave of joy and triumph wash over him. Sometimes he had to use his elbow in order to tackle a very resilient knot and Sherlock jumped and writhed and cried out. Every time, John held his hand or stroked his hair, and not once did Sherlock complain.
"I guess it wasn't really the first meeting, though," he said, quite obscurely for you. "I mean, it was just a disguise. A funny one, but just a disguise. That doesn't really count as a meeting."
"I do
Then you remembered that was the whole point. It didn't really matter if you acted all upset and insecure now – the only problem was that you weren't. Acting, that is. It would be better if John truly thought you had played him – safer for him, for you, for everyone really. But admit it, don't you hope, deep down, that he
"Oh well, I had no idea... Sherlock isn't answering his phone, but then again, when does he?" He chuckled, still glancing at the frozen cat at his feet.
I heard, yes."
He types.
Victor sighed.
"John, what are you doing? We're leaving!"
"You're scared of horses?" he said in disbelief, more as a statement than a question.
"Will you let me finish my sentences?!" John snapped.
Shutting your eyes, you grab John's arm and pull him down towards you.
"Don't lie, Sherlock. I know you like it. You're
"What was it you didn't like?"
"Sherlock, I don't know why you're trying to avoid the conversation, but I need to know—"
The taller man gulped.
"Actually, I was daydreaming about you," you tell her.
John blinked. He just pictured Sherlock at night in an inn, actually lying down on a bed and
Sherlock was looking at her as if what she was saying did not make any sense, or as if he weren't truly seeing her. It upset Irene. This kind of gaze on a man's face was almost insulting.
"That's great! Did you get to see the Niagara Falls?" she inquires, sparkles in her eyes.
She burst out laughing, almost surprising Mycroft. Almost. Her laugh too was strange – rather low pitch, full, direct. Quite charming. "I bet you're not used to it! People pointing a gun at you. John is full of surprises, isn't he?"
"It's just a shower, John. I'll be right back."
All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners, Arthur Conan Doyle and in their BBC version Stephen Moffat, Mark Gatiss, and Stephen Thompson. The original characters and plot are mine. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.
"Are you? Well that's good, very good. I wish we could say the same for Sherlock."
Is he going to burst out again and go on about how young people don't know how to behave these days? Seb isn't even that young. He looks young. But you don't look young anyway, and the old man called you young.
"I hope your hair colour will be like your mother's when you grow up. Not that mine isn't nice, but hers is more..."
John almost choked himself, so surprised he was by the unexpected bluntness of his flatmate.
. It will not
John nodded.
"Just to have a little chat."
"What? We didn't even know about Henry yesterday, not to mention where he lived..."
‘Where is the surveillance room?’
And once you got everything you wanted, you tell him you want a divorce?"
"What am I missing?" Mike asked.
get to enjoy yourself," he grumbled.
. That word perfectly fit what their relationship had become. They had lost the comfortable intimacy they'd shared so easily from their first days together. There was no connivence left. John was always jumpy. Even when they spent time together, which was unavoidable, Sherlock could sense that he was on his guard – his stance military, almost self-restrained. Naturally, he'd tried confronting him about it, but to no avail.
John stifled a mew.
"Right, a dog or a wife, same thing."
"What do you mean?"
This didn't even mean the coffee would be good. Just one of those things you got used to saying without thinking.
He presses the Send button and keeps running, unawares of Mrs. Hudson standing on the doorstep and watching him from afar.
"It is my real name!" Sherlock protested, piqued by the remark.
him this, since John had chosen him over everyone else.
"But I spend time here too."
with each other, Sherlock!" John exploded.
‘Ferdinand, didn’t I tell you? No live ones, for God’s sake! How do you expect to get this past customs?’
"What the... No, I'm not! We're not!"
"Both."
"This zone is used in erotic massages because it is said to be especially sensitive... But yours is so tight this will probably hurt more than anything. If you don't shake your head, I'll do it, though. It's important that you relax this part of your body too. You should allow yourself to feel, Sherlock. Don't cut yourself off from sensations."
Sherlock remained silent and rested his heavy head on his front paws, still looking up at John's face. It was almost... affectionate. John could make no sense of it.
John swallowed.
At age 18, she married Czech ambassador in Bangkok Branislav Janecek. He was 50. She had known him since she was 12.
He usually avoids Clapham High Street and the corner of the park closest to Clapham Common tube, because he feels it's too crowded. Crowded, but with the wrong people. Crowded yet lacking.
Is he?
"I don't need him! I want him."
"Nah, please don't beg, I'm not into that."
"Um... Sherlock?"
"Dying, is she?"
have a lot of enemies. As a D.I., he needs more evidence. Or rather, any kind of evidence at all."
He pulled Sherlock up so he would be in a sitting position, and stood up himself.
"John?" he said softly.
"Yeah, well, the pool definitely counted as one."
Gently, he took the shower from Sherlock and moved it over his friend's torso. "Turn around," he murmured, and Sherlock complied. As he felt the warmth spread across his back, he wondered whether this position would make John more comfortable and less self-conscious. Perhaps this was a good time.
Your hand clenched his shoulder desperately.
"And who are we today?" he said.
At that moment, the ambassador appeared at the top of the stairs, bewildered by the presence of the guards. Looking down, he noted Irene was still there, and his face lit up.
, but telling Maggie; and now his first real confession had been typed on a computer keyboard by a goofy cat.
type. John smiled into the kiss beatifically, and did not even bother feeling stupid about it. He was much too Sherlock-conscious to feel very self-conscious at the moment.
I realized I'd have to update almost once a week in order to finish this story early enough to attract readers before season 3 is aired... So I'll try :) But everything seems to be against me - like the increasing length of my chapters! I have no idea how this happened. Next chapter is bound to be very long as well (it's Moran-centric ;) ) and I'm not sure about those after that. We are getting closer to the end after all! I've also been thinking lately that I will have to edit this story not only for the style and spelling or grammar mistakes once it is complete, but also to make all the chapters in the first half - i.e. before the tribute to Moriarty - longer than they are now. Anyway, enough blathering. I hope you'll enjoy this chapter! And as always... reviewers are loved :)
"Please. Just answer me."
If seven hours from Toulouse to Barcelona had seemed a long, boring trip, your ride on the Trans-Siberian Railway would be the death of you, you thought. You had walked up and down the compartments a dozen times, because after a while you got tired of staring out of the window in emptiness. At least smoking in between cars was permitted. Even if it was freezing, it made the whole journey more bearable.
He doesn't want you to go anywhere. He wants you to be out of his life. No, he doesn't.
"Brilliant deduction," John commented sarcastically. But Sherlock saw the flash of doubt and fear in his eyes, and he added sullenly:
Sherlock frowned, and couldn't stop himself from asking, "His revenge for what?"
He's furious. You would be too, if some guy speaking on the phone just ran into you while you were carrying so many books. You actually wonder how the old man could have carried so many at a time.
"I've missed you for three years."
Sherlock nodded, keeping his eyes on Josiah while answering John; it might have no been necessary, as the man wasn't even looking at him, too occupied reminiscing.
, corrects your brain, who seems to have built a life of its own,
He obliged pleasantly, enjoying the way Sherlock slipped the tip of his tongue between his teeth to tickle the intruding fingers.
"A woman's life expectancy in England is 82.4 year old, Molly, of course you're young. And the mean age for women marrying in 2010 was 33.6 so you shouldn't worry too much."
Moran's hand was twitching around a cigarette he wasn't lighting – couldn't light, not in the cab. Sherlock waited for him to go on.
The cab ride was quiet. The train ride was even worse. The bond John and Sherlock shared was one that usually allowed them to spend comfortable silence together, Sherlock thinking or experimenting, John reading or typing. But this wasn't one of those intimate moments. The air was heavy with unresolved tension. Sherlock did not appear to be thinking, but on the contrary, seemed to be trying very hard not to. He was staring at the scenery, a slight pout on his mouth, which gave him an aristocratic air. John, on the other hand, was trying very hard to think.
treat
"What do you mean taken care of?"
John's eyes widened. "To the pub? What the–"
"I need you."
." She pouts.
His next stop is the Wine and Spirits store: he knows Bill enjoys drinking wine, and so decided to bring some good bottle tonight. He isn't staying for dinner, but still doesn't wish to arrive empty-handed.
"Well... Yeah. Maybe not newlyweds, it doesn't feel new like that. It's comfy. Like you've been living together for quite a while already. And yeah, I can tell you're expecting a baby, with that knitting lying around and those magazines and–"
"So, is he any good? Most likely a quick learner, I bet. He must be so endearing, so keen to please you..."
You wanna remember, Sherlock. I was a soldier. I killed people. - You were a doctor! - I had bad days!
"Yes. But had he been alive when you met Mary Morstan, had he been alive and only a burden, would you have stayed with him?"
Listen, what happened to me in the lab? - Do you want some sauce with that? - I mean, I hadn't been to the Hollow, so how come I heard those things in there? Fear and stimulus, you said. - You must have been dosed with it elsewhere, when you went to the lab, maybe. You saw those pipes – pretty ancient, leaky as a sieve; and they were carrying the gas, so ... Um, ketchup, was it, or brown? - Hang on: you thought it was in the sugar. You were
Then he became aware that this was just another way to convey 'get out', and felt like hitting his head against the bedpost.
Molly gave him a strange look.
"Far from it. But you should eat more healthily, love."
"You're dead."
"I'm sorry I can't do this."
"Should... should we call the police?" the man asked.
Again, Sherlock can feel John's gaze on him. He focuses on Moran, refuses to turn his head, refuses to return his gaze.
"I'm sorry."
You exchange a knowing smile. "Let's go," you repeat quietly.
Sherlock's dead, and yet you... I respect you so much. I admire you so much."
"If I prove that Irene Adler is behind the murder of Harry Pinner..." He watched Victor hold his breath, his eyes widening. "...will you want to destroy me?" he finished, realising for the first time that he had given Victor everything he needed to know to indeed be able to destroy him, completely. He had let him meet John.
Just wait for me in the living-room, all right? I won't be long."
You blink (third time). "How did you know?"
"For what you want from me."
"Haha, now I know it's you!"
"Well I don't do it when I'm with John."
"Have you turned deaf? I said let's take a shower. Yours or mine?"
"Why did he kill him?"
"Who do you think you are?"
Slowly, Mary wraps her arms around John and rests her head on his shoulder. "You don't know what you're saying."
"She sent a text, yeah.
Jim blinks, disbelieving – and perhaps a teensy bit playful, too.
Charming. Well done! - Just saving her time. Isn't that kinder? - Kinder? No, no, Sherlock,
"I deduce them."
"He wants to destroy me inch by inch."
A bomb. An explosion.
Rendered speechless by the fascinating twitch, John stopped trying to remove his hand. He wasn't even stroking or rubbing. Sherlock was getting aroused from the contact of his partner's palm through the sheet alone.
"I'm fine," he replies curtly, averting his gaze. Right. Since when have his lies become so obvious? You see his eyes widen and follow his gaze. He's just looking at the table.
She reels back a bit and scans him from head to toe. “Oh my God. Do you have a date?”
“So you’ve never been awake.” Sherlock would typically detest stating the obvious, but this development warranted clarification.
“Oh my God,” John says, once he's caught his breath. He looks down at Sherlock, pleasure-addled and loose-limbed, and grins. “Look at you. Gotcha all messy.”
“Have you ever gone commando before?”
"John. . ." Sherlock gasped, rocking his hips to meet the crest of John's thrusts. "John I've made such a mess."
am a power bottom.”
“Really?”
“Just long enough to get a drink. Would you like one?”
“Common enough.” John said with a chuckle. A flush tinted his cheeks and the tips of his ears. “I used an aubergine once on a bet.”
He could feel his climax, sizzling under his skin, searing through his veins. It coalesced, grew dense, gathered intensity. Then, like a supernova, exploded.
Sherlock arches into the touch. It’s bright sparks of pleasure and tiny spikes of pain and he had no idea. “More, John. Christ.”
“Haven't been to one of those since last year. Think it'll be any good?”
John's warm hands slid around to Sherlock's arse, pulled him forward—the callouses of his fingers encouraging Sherlock's to fuck his face. Wide-eyed and panting, Sherlock curled over John, pumped his hips in a liquid-smooth roll.
“It’s obvious. The location of the body, the bruising. She did her best to hide the evidence, but in her duress she failed to do up his flies properly and completely missed the open bottle of lubricant just behind the door. Embarrassment may explain tidying up, but not lying to the police. She knew it needed to look like a murder to ensure she could collect the life insurance. With a baby on the way and a fair amount of debt from recent remodeling, she’ll certainly be needing that money.”
The silk belt slithers around his wrists before tightening, holding him captive—a slave to John’s whims. The gown slips off his shoulders, down half of his back, and John leans in to kiss the moon-touched skin. He didn’t shave this morning, or yesterday, and the prickle makes Sherlock shiver, makes heat bloom in his cheeks. Makes his cock twitch.
John leaned over—close enough that Sherlock could smell the crisp scent of his shampoo, and the warmth of his skin—and whispered. “I used to do something else while wanking.”
I'm suddenly, acutely aware of the people all around us. The students ordering triples and quads, desperate to stay awake through the afternoon slump; the woman two tables over, scrolling through her phone; the couple behind me on their first date. Any of them could turn their heads and see John, see what I’m about to make him do.
As the session winds down John taps his papers on the table, fiddles with his pencil, clears his throat. “So. . .”
Sherlock needed no more invitation. He climbed into John’s lap, took his face between his hands and kissed him. Eager. Needy. Like a man starving. The slide of John’s tongue between his lips was euphoric, the ravenous turn of his mouth—pure bliss.
“He's my chemistry tutor.”
Sherlock smirked. “Indeed. But that wasn't what I meant.”
“You almost got it,” John says. His voice is low in the oppressive hush of the library. “Do you see where you went wrong?”
“You like that?” Sherlock tilts his hips forward and back, just the barest hint of a thrust.
There was only one way to be certain.
I smear the lube up and down his thick, blushing cock until the glide of my hand is near frictionless, then I spread the remaining slickness over my hole. I tuck the tips of three fingers just inside the rim and tug, testing. I can't help the shudder that rolls through me at the delicious stretch.
And after the cursing had ceased and the starbursts cleared from my eyes, I felt the press of his fingers between my lips and tasted the fresh bloom of brine on my tongue. My own come this time.
You've been warned.
John took a deep breath, held it, and blew it out in a steady stream. It was the same calming technique he used before taking a shot or after pushing balls deep into Sherlock. “Now you’re gonna place the end just inside and let it slide down. Don’t push it, just guide it. If it stops, don’t force it. I'll let you know if it's uncomfortable.”
But I’m going to take my time, savor it.
. Pressing against the nexus of his pleasure, sending bolts of raw ecstasy through his core.
Mrs. Delaney’s expression crumpled, tears streaming down her cheeks. “I-I’m so sorry.”
“I made it a wager. If I couldn’t do it, I'd never say another word out of turn, and if I could, I wouldn't have to go to class save for exams.”
When the ecstatic litany of
“No.”
“How—”
John stares at me for a moment, as if considering whether or not he wants to go through with this, then his left hand slides off the table. He places it on the top of his thigh, takes a breath, and drifts it until his palm is settled in the cradle of his lap.
I can’t have that.
The air outside is cool as the soft, rose-gold light of dawn paints it’s way across the sky to caress the dew-drenched pavement of Baker Street. Everything is still and quiet. Everything but the slow creak of springs and low, rumbling groans filtering out of the window of 221B.
“Oh. . . fuck.”
I stare up at Sherlock in awe. He’s like a god towering above me—carved marble crowned with a riotous halo of dark curls. Heat radiates from him, pulsing waves of power and virility. My heart thuds in my chest, pumping liquid arousal through my veins.
“What?” She hiccuped, fresh tears welling up.
He looks back up, gaze immediately arrested by John’s indigo eyes—bright and encouraging. Sherlock could drown in those eyes. He did once, the very first time he'd looked into them.
“Fine,” I agree. It honestly isn’t much of a hardship, considering how my pants are sticking to my groin right now. “There’s always tomorrow.”
John speared him, dipping and curling his tongue into the silken heat. He worked his mouth around the rim, eating at Sherlock’s hole—savoring his sharp musk. It was exquisitely messy work. Perfect.
“Is that resignation in your tone?” Sherlock asked as he ran the blade of of his teeth up John’s neck.
I stare at him, disbelieving. “John.”
on the tip of his tongue, and fallen into two deep blue pools.
“Jesus. . .” John swallows hard, his chest heaving under his tight T-shirt.
John turned to watch him. “Well. Not to speak ill of the dead, but look at this place. There hardly seems to be anything worth murdering him over.”
It’s a breathless eternity later that Sherlock slips his softened cock from John’s hole. John knows he must be gaping, he can feel the warm trickle of come sliding down his inner thigh. Sherlock sits back on his heels and pries apart the globes of John’s ass, no doubt going in for a closer examination. He blows a cool stream of air against his hole, and John clenches reflexively.
“Yeah, well, they can’t all be double homicides disguised as murder-suicides disguised as ritual sacrifices. Or whatever nonsense you deem worthy of your time.”
Outside, darkness draped over the city like cold velvet. Fat snowflakes drifted lazily past the window, the sodium glow of streetlights burnishing them in gold. Winter on Baker Street.
John levels him with a look that clearly says,
Sherlock smirked. “You already know about the prostate massager and spanking, and now the autoerotic asphyxiation. What else do you expect?”
The sight of John shirtless—bare chest, the subtlest ripple of abdominals, the trail of honey brown hair leading below a delectable navel—makes something primitive bloom under Sherlock’s ribs and he lifts himself off the bed with a growl. Their mouths clash, ravenous for one another. John wastes no time fumbling with the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt, slipping it off his shoulders and tossing it to the floor.
“Good then?”
He’s leaking now. I can feel hot precome drizzling down the crease where groin meets thigh. My own prick flexes and for a split second the crests of our cocks catch against one another, rubbing like slick velvet.
The fire flickered out, the embers smoldered. Outside, in the velvet night, the snow continued to fall.
“Yeah. ‘Oh’,”
His mouth presses and slides around my hole—a deep, luxurious kiss. Humid breath and tender lips. Gentle suckling at my rim. Absolutely filthy.
Settling down on his lap is like claiming a throne. A fresh drizzle of precome slides from my prick at the thought. This is my rightful place. He is my dominion.
“You’re beautiful, Sherlock. Christ, you’re perfect. God, I love you so much.” John babbled, breathless. “I wanna be inside you. Can I? Can I just…”
“Sherlock,” John said low and warning, as the woman’s lip began to tremble.
Sherlock smiled, something between amazement and amusement. “And you thought you could put it to good use?”
I have to take a moment to gather my wits—his talented fingers shattered them into roughly a million pieces and sent them flying to the four corners of the universe. But once I'm more or less in control, I sit up and throw a leg over his. His hands skim up the tops of my thighs, ruffling the fair hair, and sending shivery sparks of excitement through me. I flash him a smile, bright and cheeky, and lean over to the bedside table.
John’s mouth slips from Sherlock’s, trails down his jaw and settles against the juncture of neck and shoulder. Sherlock moans, a needy, breathy sound. The press of teeth and pull of suction almost distract him from the sensation of John's hand sliding up his side and coming to rest on his pectoral. John cups him, squeezes like he might touch a woman, but Sherlock can't spare a thought to be indignant. Not when John's fingers strafe over his nipple—when he takes thumb and forefinger and pinches.
He climbs on top of me, slotting our mouths together and slipping a thigh between mine. I arch up against the hard plane of his chest, roll my hips. He lifts himself up on his elbows, cages me in.
, until it was simply too much to bear. Sherlock cried out, John’s name on the tip of his tongue, and pulsed streak after milky streak. Too exhausted to care, he collapsed into his own mess.
He considered his options: apply acid to the chicken gizzards in the freezer (in the name of science, of course); check his email (for a case or for an opportunity to issue scathing replies, both equally possible); or have a wank (immediately gratifying, but a bit self-defeating once John returned). There was nothing for it, he'd just have to convince John to get home faster.
“Christ, you’re amazing,” John murmured, his lips sliding through a cooling streak of semen. He followed the bitter taste with his tongue—cleaning the warm, golden skin. What he didn’t lap up he pushed back into Sherlock’s dripping hole, until there was nothing left.
Sherlock scowls at Irene. Irritation is a much more familiar emotion than anxiety. “Is it really so hard to believe?”
“All right. . .” The man had raised his eyebrows as if waiting for something more, but after a full ten seconds of silence, he’d simply nodded. “Okay. See you ‘round, then.”
“Yeah,” John breathes. “Fuck my fist. That's it.”
“You used an aubergine as a dildo on a bet?” Sherlock couldn't keep the disbelief out of his voice.
Sherlock nodded, rubbing his head against the sheets. He’d be a good kitty. Right now, he'd be just about anything if it meant he finally get to fucking ejaculate.
Like how he wants to feel the slide of my lips down his shaft—wants to see them stretched around him. And how he’s desperate to twist my hair in his fingers and fuck my face. And that he’d love to paint my cheeks and chin with his come, but what’s left of his sense of public decency won’t allow it.
“After ‘fuck off, dickhead’? I'd say it's an insult to sex workers. Christ knows they put in a lot more effort than I do.”
He took John’s cock in hand, pumped it slowly, and watched the foreskin slide over the head. Precome pulsed from the slit, easing the way for slicker, quicker strokes.
John came up behind him, pressed a hand against the small of his back. He nuzzled behind Sherlock’s ear, lips brushing against his neck. “Why don't you go sit on the couch. I'll finish up in here.”
For a moment, Sherlock considered slowing down and teasing John until he could see tears glisten in his eyes. But no. Not this time. Today was about exploration and trust, not testing boundaries.
“Is that some kind of euphemism?”
“It’ll have to be, because if you do any more I’m gonna burst.”
“Fuck!” John’s cock slipped from Sherlock’s hole. His hand flew, pumping and squeezing and twisting at the head. “Yes, Sherlock. Fuck, I’m gonna come. You want me to come in your arse? Or all over it?”
John examined the corpse closer, a frown of concentration bracketing his mouth. “But. . . the other victims were all strangled manually and these are obviously ligature marks.”
Tugging down John’s pants revealed an uncut, throbbing cock—flushed and weeping at the tip. Below the thick shaft, John’s full, round bollocks looked fit to burst.
Sherlock kissed at his throat, pulled at his hips, rocked up into his belly. He was insatiable and John couldn’t blame him—it’d been over a month since they’d last been anything resembling intimate. They’d been too busy dashing all over London on two back-to-back cases—tracking down a gang of art theives before apprehending a mistress-cum-murderer.
My own trousers are suddenly about two sizes too small.
When John finally returns, he brings with him the sweet scent of almond oil. His hands are slick as they grab at Sherlock’s arse cheeks and tug them apart. A finger slips easily into him. Then another. They slide in and out, brushing over his prostate with tantalizing lightness. They tug at his rim and Sherlock feels the wash of warm breath a second before a mouth and tongue join.
His eyes are also different. Still a kaleidoscope of blues, but darker, deeper. They move with intent from Sherlock's face, down his body, and back up. And as cliché as it sounds, Sherlock swears he can feel it—like a warm caress against his bare skin.
“An experiment involving a lady’s headband?”
He puts down his magazine and swivels in his seat. Plants his feet on the floor. “Care to elaborate?”
“Ro—” I croak.
He’s breathless as his back hits the brick wall, his hand already slipping into his shorts. He tilts his head back, a grimace of need pulling at his mouth. “Fuck, Sherlock. I need to come.”
“‘Vampire’,” Sherlock interrupted, “is a perfectly adequate moniker. It's certainly the most ubiquitous and it's orders of magnitude better than
He looks incredible like that—golden hair disheveled, cheeks flushed with arousal. He’s halfway to debauched and Sherlock wants to finish the job.
“Sherlock!” Irene says from her seat at the end of the bar, where she is presiding over the event. She slips off her stool and greets him just inside the entrance with a kiss on the cheek. “I didn't know you were coming.”
“You sure?” Sherlock looked up, finger still running in circles.
“So you named every element?”
of Sherlock’s thrusting cock and the jubilant jingle of his bell collar, John showered Sherlock with all manner of
At the end of the corridor, a dark room beckoned. It wasn't Sherlock’s style—with woven tapestries hanging on the walls and animal skin rugs lining the floor—but the thick velvet drapery and ornate four-poster bed did the job.
Sherlock tried not to gawk. This was, by all accounts, not the strangest thing he’d discovered about John—or vice versa—but the visual was certainly the most absurd. “How’d that work?”
He's feathering a touch over my prostate. There and gone. I don't know if it's on purpose or if he's simply mapping me out, but I don't have they patience to wait. I swivel my hips, putting the tips of his fingers right where I want them, and begin to rock.
The soft pad of his thumb rubs over my hole, spreading saliva. He leans in and spits again, a slow dribble that pools, then spills over to run in a warm rivulet down my crack.
When John cups his tongue against my hard nipple and takes a long, slow pull, I moan a low and utterly indecent
“John!” Sherlock gasped, tight fist now flying over his slippery cockhead.
I look up from my phone—and the tantalizing image of John’s jersey-clad crotch—to find him watching me. He looks downright cherubic with his tousled blond hair, glowing pink cheeks, and wide blue eyes. It makes the next words I say sound even filthier.
The words sent heat searing into Sherlock's cheeks. "John. . ."
Picking my phone up from off the table, I open the camera and zoom in until the table legs are just framing John’s bare knees. Silver gym shorts stretch above the curve of his quads, and gape open under his hamstrings, giving just a hint of creamy inner thigh.
“Let me help you clean that up.” Sherlock swiped a bit up and offered it to John, rubbing it across his bottom lip until he sucked the finger into his mouth.
Sherlock did as he was told, lubing the hook from the round end all the way to the wide grip. Once the rod was dripping with thick, clear lubricant, he squirted a dollop on his finger and looked to John for guidance. With one hand, John held himself steady, and with the other he circled the head with thumb and forefinger. He pulled back firmly and Sherlock watched as the lips of John’s slit parted, revealing pink, tender flesh.
It's not a question, but there is clear hesitation. His eyes skim me from the silvering tips of my hair to the wool-socked feet I've got crossed at the ankle. He looks as if he's doing some serious mental gymnastics.
“Right. Well, most
Sherlock chuckled, a rumble deep in his chest. “I don't know that the two occupations are really that different from one another. Both involve a person providing access to their bodies and the exchange of bodily fluids.”
“Ooooh!” John cried out. “Sher-Sherlock. Fuck!”
He guides me up and down the length of his cock, gently demanding, and I pull pleasure from him—draw out the bitter nectar of his bliss—with every tongue-curling suck. His hips twitch, his breath rasps out. He’s close.
“That was…” Sherlock is, for once, speechless.
Fifty-six hours later the case was solved and the perpetrator apprehended. Not a murderer, as it turned out, but a macabre artist using fresh corpses as models. He was arrested alongside his mortician girlfriend. They were no Bonnie and Clyde but it would make for an interesting, if morbid, write-up for the blog.
“Yes. Yes, Sherlock! Now.”
"Well you wouldn't want to come pounding down our door tonight."
Next came the unmistakable click of a plastic cap and the faintly mentholated scent of John’s preferred lubricant. The sounds that followed made Sherlock’s pulse quicken, flooding him with an arousal that made his knees weak.
After a bit of rustling and the tell-tale sound of water being poured, John followed Sherlock into the sitting room. He crossed the room, empty handed, and sat down next to Sherlock.
I tilt my head from one side to the other, considering. “You are a few standard deviations above the average, even flaccid. Could you imagine walking around hard? The way those shorts would mold around you? It'd look like you were smuggling a billie club.”
Christ if thought he felt full before. . .
“Oh God, yes.”
. He’s eager. He wants. . . Wants. . .
“Then why'd you. . .”
When the tension ebs from Sherlock's body, John takes his que to continue. He moves his hand to the edge of Sherlock's jeans, slips his finger under the denim and runs it toward the button. “Okay?”
John threw an arm over the back of the couch and smoothed one hand over Sherlock’s knee. He leaned in. “Who said anything about tea?”
“Am I dead?” John panted. “I think you actually killed me.”
I think he may be pouting, that he may be about to call this whole thing off, when he spreads his legs wide. And,
"All right," Sherlock said, an edge of impatience cutting through his calm facade. He took a step toward the stairs, only to be stopped with a gentle hand on his arm.
“You wanna fuck me?” I pant. His answering whimper is music to my ears. I lean in close again, grind down against his cock. “You’ll need to get me loose, yeah?”
There’s a low simmer of desire in my belly, slowly radiating outward. It makes me drive my hips back a bit harder and arch my chest into his touch. I'm not hard yet, but my cock is awake and interested.
He made a sound, like a punch to the solar plexus, and set his tongue to the dribble. He lapped like it was a sacrament—a sin to waste even one drop.
Just as we turn the corner toward the back exit, I notice a woman's eyes go wide. She does a double take as we pass and then turns to whisper excitedly to her friend. As we round the corner I cast a glance over my shoulder, and sure enough they’re peering over, trying to catch one more look. I give them a wink instead.
“They are quite serviceable,” Sherlock confirmed, “but that's not wear I would prefer to feed.”
Here is my first, kinky foray into Omegaverse, featuring Alpha!John, Omega!Sherlock, and an unexpected surprise.
John’s hands, still weak in his lassitude, cupped Sherlock's hips. “That's it, love. Work the tip. You know you love that. Give yourself a twist. Yeah. Just like that.”
John massaged him, hummed at the eager twitch of Sherlock's prick. "I want to feel you get wet. Just a bit. Just enough to soak through."
So when I felt his small, warm hand wrap around my cock, I nearly wept. Because he knew just the right pressure. He knew how to twist his fist. How to pull my foreskin up over the tip and pinch and roll. He knew exactly how to rub his thumb into the delta of my frenulum and make me see God.
. He took the glass with a quiet
“Oh, God.” John slouches down in his seat, blush creeping up to his hairline now.
“Your husband may have killed himself but he didn't commit suicide.”
“You don’t seem very frightening.” John smiled, simultaneously teasing and sincere.
John slumps down onto the bed. “Yeah it was.”
They both looked down to Sherlock’s groin—the charcoal fabric darkened beneath John’s hand. It was indecent. Embarrassing.
John tilted up, brushing his lips over Sherlock’s ear. “I would take a five millimeter hex key, and stick it. . .” He stopped, a shaky breath tickling against sensitive skin. “I’d stick it down my cock. Fuck myself with it, then plug it up and toss off.”
“Is that a ‘yes’?”
So Sherlock growled.
I slide back in the tub and let my eyes slip closed under his soothing touch. “My thoughts exactly.”
. I can feel the heavy flow of milk now and I become vaguely aware of increased leaking elsewhere—from my cock and my arsehole.
He’s moaning out for Sherlock—that he’s beautiful and perfect and so fucking tight. Grunting out yeah, yeah and it sounds utterly blasphemous. And he’s hitting Sherlock just right. The sweet stretch of his rim and the press of John’s thick cock head against his prostate over and over and over again. Sherlock wails, high and constricted in his throat, as pleasure spirals deep. An exquisite ache wraps around his balls, radiates out, throbs in his prick. And John knows, must be able to feel the clench of ecstasy, because he’s chanting for Sherlock to come, come for him, do it do it, yeah.
The quality of his attention changes—from intense recalculation, to skepticism, and finally to uncertainty. “You. . . why haven't you ever said anything?”
John worked Sherlock’s body—fingers gentle, but strokes persistent—until Sherlock had no thought left in his head. He reared back against John’s hand, reached out and clawed at the mattress. And when he wailed into the sheets he truly sounded like a cat in heat.
They’d been in the library foyer, standing in front of the bulletin board, each pinning up a flyer. Normally, Sherlock couldn't be arsed, but Irene had insisted,
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. “Pirouettes start in fifth position, and no—this isn't one of the serial killer’s victims.”
Sherlock stood and looked down his nose at his brother. Fuck Mycroft and his ill conceived sense of propriety. There was no need for pretense, they weren't fooling anyone or hiding in the shadows. With a huff and an admittedly melodramatic spin on his heel, Sherlock retreated.
“Bed,” John says against his skin and it isn't a question.
I'm writhing with the need for everything all at once. I want John to suck harder. I want his fat Alpha cock in my arse. I want his hand on my weeping prick. I want him to hold me and stoke me and lick me everywhere.
Sherlock swallowed against a sudden thickness in his throat. His pulse tripped and quickened. "John, I–"
“To the mixer.” At the blank look Sherlock gives him, John elaborates. “The LGBT mixer. The one you were putting up a flyer for the day we met.”
for the very first time.
John's hips thrust up, pushing his cock deeper—pulsing over Sherlock's tongue, spilling down his throat. Sherlock sucked it down, swallowed every last drop like a gift, a panacea.
“You stole that from our elderly landlady?”
The gown opens, silently unfurling to expose Sherlock to the night air. His breathing quickens, but he doesn’t object, doesn’t move. John calls him love, tells him he’s so beautiful in the moonlight, asks if it would be okay to tie him to the banister and fuck him under the stars.
It was a sloppy thing—eager tongues and pliant lips and gently scraping teeth. It was moans passed back and forth with increasing urgency. It was too good to stop.
Even now, I can feel his hard length nudging between my cheeks and I push back, encouraging a gentle rocking. I can't say for sure where this is going, but the morning light is soft and grey, and the patter of rain on the window is the perfect accompaniment to a lazy day in bed.
Sherlock frowns, then considers the implication. “Does that mean you want to do this again?”
Sherlock gives a sheepish grin. “Well. That aside. No. I think it's only fair that I tell you, I may have started our acquaintanceship under false pretenses.”
“I think,” Sherlock says, after a contented stretch of silence. “If we’re to continue this, there is something I should tell you.”
“Jesus.” He groans, but doesn’t hesitate.
"John!" Sherlock shouted. An exclamation and a warning all at once. It was too much. Too full. Too perfect. He whined, clenched down right on his unraveling control.
Licking his lips, John brushes the backs of his fingers down the cotton-covered length. He turns his hand, strokes with just the tips of his thumb and first two fingers. Sherlock feels the dual sensation of friction from the fabric and the slick slide of his foreskin underneath. It's maddening.
Lips brushing against John’s skin, he asked, “How long have you been in meal service?”
The plan is to ride Sherlock like a fucking rodeo star. And, by God. That’s what I’m going to do.
His hands immediately began to roam—sliding up John’s firm stomach, over the bumps of his ribs, and down his sides—mapping out warm, sun-kissed terrain. He followed the line of hair down from John’s navel until his fingers teased at the elastic waistband of John’s briefs. Sherlock traced his thumbs up and down the hard ridge of John’s cock, equal parts teasing and admiring.
Over my ragged, panting breaths I hear a murmured, “Oh, that’s lovely.”
With a shudder, Sherlock broke off. He watched as blood oozed like treacle from the twin punctures, enraptured by the carnality of it. And when he licked his lips, the taste of copper bloomed fresh against his tongue. He felt the swell of power that always accompanied a feeding. It pumped through him, reminding him of what he was—an apex predator, immortal, and untouchable. To a human, he may as well have been a god.
Sherlock smiles back and swipes his finger through the streak on his cheek. He's about to bring it to his lips when John intercepts, grabs him by the wrist, and licks him clean. “Not until we're tested.”
And still, my cock remained neglected.
He twists and tugs and I slam down, taking his cock down to the root. I lift up, keening at the magnificent slide, then down again, impaling myself. Over and over, recklessly hard and fast.
Warmth began to soak into Sherlock’s pants and he gasped, then groaned at the sweet release. John hummed, murmured a satisfied little
Saliva trickles down my chin as John grunts, short and staccato, “Yeah. . . Fuck. Sher. . . Gonna. Gonna—ahhh. . .”
The smoldering heat in John's eyes brooked no argument. “It's a request.”
I can hear the blast of the steamer as John’s fingers twitch against flimsy fabric of his shorts, the tittering of laughter as he shifts and spreads his legs further apart.
John tells him to be patient, to be good, to wait just minute. His warmth slips away from Sherlock’s back, leaving him bent over the banister—rock hard and mostly naked. It feels like more than a minute as he stands there, exposed to the world.
He’s spread his legs a little more, his fingers slowly curling and relaxing around the barely visible contour of his cock. The satiny material of his shorts catches the light just so, highlighting the ridge of his growing erection.
John’s hand squeezed—gentle encouragement—and Sherlock’s breath trembled through a sharp inhale. He let his eyes flutter closed on John’s intent indigo gaze. He was so full, his body clenched so tight against the incessant need to
“Oh?” Sherlock rumbled, intrigued and instantly on his way to aroused.
John grins, a touch lopsided and utterly perfect. “Sure.”
He plants his feet, giving himself more leverage, and the angle shifts his cock inside me. Now each thrusts drags the length of his cock over my prostate—inch after inch of blinding ecstasy. I’d almost say it’s too much, if that weren’t patently ridiculous. Instead, I rock forward and back in time, extracting every last drop of sensation from his fervent thrusts.
In various states of vexation and bemusement, the Met’s finest could only stare as Sherlock, pinching the fish’s tail fin between finger and thumb, carefully handed it to Lestrade. “Your killer. Mind the spines, they're venomous. Though you likely wouldn't die from a puncture. I suspect Mr. Williams had an unfortunate anaphylactic reaction.”
Sherlock nods. John’s more than fit. He's a specimen. What he lacks in height he more than makes up for in broad shoulders and narrow hips. From here the view is nothing short of spectacular. Under his jumper is a hint of muscle, defined like ley lines that draw attention down to the bounty of his arse and thighs.
John extended two fingers and slipped them against the ridge of Sherlock’s perineum. He pressed deep and felt a trickle of precome against the back of his throat.
The first time it happened was an accident.
"Sherlock?" Lestrade prompted, "Christ, don't leave us hanging."
“You know,” Sherlock says, shifting the conversation to slightly less incriminating topics. “I passed my Year Eleven chemistry course without ever attending class.”
“That’s it,” he says, lips brushing the sensitive skin. “Daddy’s thirsty.”
“Suck.” I mean it as a command, but my breathy exhale turns it into a plea.
“Thought I heard you prowling around down here.”
Above the lewd
He wanted to see it, wanted to feel the heavy weight of it on his tongue. John pushed back, taking the blanket with him and uncovering the lean expanse of Sherlock’s body—pale skin licked golden by the fire, shadows of muscle and bone shifting under the dancing flames.
