Clint glanced at his handler, one eyebrow raised. Of all the reactions to them shuffling miserably into a gas station, this was not a scenario that had crossed his mind.
"So much for the pre-meeting catharsis," Clint agreed, grabbing his tray and following Nat to the scullery. He grabbed an extra cup of coffee to go, unable to handle the concept of a big debrief without some kind of chemical stimulation. "Why do I feel like we're headed to face the firing squad?"
"I guess not. Not that I expected to be. It's not their fault," he pointed out almost reflexively. "I left. They need every person they can get to help and to teach the kids, and I left. That's not easy to overlook. I was mad at you when you left. I can't expect them not to be mad at me." Scott shrugged as if pushing the thought away. He took a long pull from the beer and offered Logan a ghost of a smile. "I guess maybe we have more in common than we thought."
Nat made a hum of understanding and let silence fall again. "I don't think I've ever seen him that dressed down." She glanced over at Clint, trying to get a bead on it. The casual delivery didn't seem forced. //Boys are ridiculous,// she thought with an internal groan of frustration. Hoping to at least get a smile out of the other man, she added, "Or wearing your face on his chest."
"It's fine. I mean, there's a guy in Iowa that has, like, a cellphone implanted in his arm or something," Tony pointed out as the plane lifted off.
"No talk, then," Loki agreed, swallowing as Clint stalked closer, the hammer still held tightly in his hands. There wasn't much time left to convince them not to kill him, let alone anything else. "Let me show you."
Logan had to think for a moment. There was a lot he wanted to say, and he hated the idea of not being able to look into Scott's eyes and hold his hands while he said it. But he wasn't sure when or even if he'd be getting out of the cage. "Tell 'im I miss 'im, and that I'm sorry." He hesitated a moment. His gaze flicked to the floor, then back up to Steve's face. "And that I love 'im."
Tony nodded. "The kids are working on some nanotech to help modulate the energy output on the gun. We're going to try putting an older model of the arc reactor on it for a power source and reduce the drain on the user. We think Logan might be able to wield it that way." Accustomed to running down technical specs, Tony took a breath to continue, then stopped himself. Steve didn't need to know that his backup plan involved dropping the output enough to use the gun himself. "So, yeah, we're making some headway." The sandwich done, he put it and a bowl of the soup down in front of Steve. "Ran out of smoked gouda, but there's still sharp cheddar, baby swiss, and provolone in there."
Tony jerked awake, feeling a cold sweat wash over him. There was a moment of panic as he fought to remember where he was, and he calmed a little as he caught sight of Steve, still pressed against his chest, face gently illuminated by the arc reactor. Taking a deep breath, Tony grabbed his tablet as slowly as he could to avoid waking Steve and noted that it was an hour past when he'd set his alarm. Looking at his logs, he rolled his eyes when he noted Bruce had disabled the alarm. Smiling down at the man pressed against his chest, though, he decided that he'd be bringing Bruce and the Wonder Twins some breakfast and coffee in appreciation.
There wasn't any better way Scott could think of to describe the situation. He and Logan should by rights have still been at each other's throats. Instead they'd fallen into something far more comfortable and positive than he would've thought possible. "She isn't wrong," he tossed over his shoulder to Logan.
Logan held up the blurry picture, then handed it to Steve. "This thing? Looks like pictures I've seen o' Thor's hammer, more or less. But dark. Like obsidian. And... Well... You ever see Lord of the Rings?" When Steve gave him a blank stare, he sighed. "It makes people want it. Want to keep it for their own. Or at least, it did it to everyone but me. We hid it somewhere cold. Real cold." He thought a moment. "Siberia? Couldn't give you anything more specific." He wondered absently if Loki had managed to get more specific information; Logan's recall was far from neat and tidy.
Clint grinned impishly. "Well, it'd be the most hilarious incident report you ever had to write to Fury, at least," he pointed out, peeling off his hoodie and t-shirt before kicking off sneakers and shimmying out of his pants. He made no effort to preserve any sort of modesty as he worked; he had assumed that Coulson catching him fooling around in the kitchen had to have been more upsetting. Lean, wiry muscle flexed as he moved with practiced ease, taking only a couple of minutes to get suited up. Clint double-checked his bow and quiver before settling back in the seat and propping one booted foot on the dashboard. "Alright, let's go."
The doctor held the door open for the pair of them. "We're monitoring his vitals. If anything changes, myself or a nurse will be here."
Simmons nodded solemnly. She drifted over from her own station, placing a hand on Bruce's shoulder so that she could lean in to see where he was in the process. The lab was a place in which she let herself forget the concept of personal space since generally it was just her and Fitz, and there was no reason not to be relaxed. She realized a moment later that Bruce might not appreciate the invasion of his space, but it seemed too late to draw back, so Simmons simply blushed and focused on the equations instead. "We need to find a way to stabilize it. Poor Captain Rogers is going through more than enough without," she gestured to the screen and sighed. "What if we..." Still leaning into Bruce, she tapped at a few keys and bit her lip, utterly missing the fact that Fitz was glaring at them from across the room.
"Tony? You still with us?" the woman asked in a softer tone while Clint kicked their new captive none-too-gently in the side to make sure he was out. As she spoke, Natasha began unfastening the leather straps holding Tony down. "Can you walk?" She glanced around and nodded toward the pile of clothes in the corner. Clint handed her Tony's pants a beat later and Natasha immediately began helping him into them. The less wrecked he looked by the time Steve and Thor joined them, the better.
Clint's gaze swept over the equipment, and he suddenly felt very uneasy. "So, uh... you can see any of us you want?" he asked. It was starting to become clear why it was so hard to get Coulson flustered. It was also alarmingly clear that there was a real chance Coulson had a really graphic idea of what Clint's personal life looked like. The archer cleared his throat uneasily. "H-have you ever... uh, watched me?"
Clint was still wheezing. He was pretty sure that one of those god awful kernel husk thingies was lodged somewhere in his airway. Nat's next comment didn't do anything to help. "Tash..." He coughed, rattling in a way that would've been frightening if it weren't for the fact that he knew it was just fucking popcorn. "Tash, please tell me that's not also how he figured out the women's underwear thing, or I'm gonna start feeling a lot less special," he choked out, eyes still watering a little.
In which Clint Barton takes in a new asset and then has pretty much all the sex someone can have in one evening. Seriously.
"Glad to hear it," Steve managed in a choked whisper, "because it's hard not to be turned on when you're around." Tony was always distracting, but when Tony was actually trying to be seductive, there was no holding back. He rolled his hips and tried to keep his movements limited. The more he could hold back, the less chance there would be of a wrong move putting extra strain on Tony's overtaxed body. Steve limited his own touches to gently caressing Tony's face, his neck, and carding fingers through his dark hair.
Bruce watched the whole thing closely. "It did do that," he agreed, staring uncertainly at the hammer before glancing at Coulson and Steve. "But you guys tell me I'm not the only one that caught Barton's whole Neo act back there."
Scott wanted to debate the issue, but, jaw tight, he nodded instead. At the sound of the door, he tensed but found Coulson taking his hand again and managed to look only slightly startled.
The interruption seemed to have jarred enough sense into Logan, though, to make sure he complied with the request as he refocused on his partner. Steve's almost nervous breaths were hard to tune out long enough for the feral mutant to slick some of the provided lube over the blonde's twitching entrance. It was incredible how much of a turn-on the sound of that powerful heart and the scent of Steve's sweat were. Finally tossing the lube bottle aside, Logan hooked his hips forward and began slowly penetrating the blonde, groaning as sensation began to overwhelm once more.
Steve allowed himself to be forced back down onto the bed and even closed his eyes, but he knew there was no way he could possibly sleep.
"No. Just a couple of his goons. A blue woman, and a guy with metal claws. But they said they were with Magneto." Getting impatient with all the thinking and chatting going on, Clint pressed, "We need your help. At least, when the time comes. And any info on Lehnsherr's abilities and limitations you might have. And anyone who's working with him."
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and rolled his eyes. "Here we go. Moral absolutionism." He shook his head. "Look, humans aren't perfect. We have idiot leaders. We have terrible people in our ranks. I know; I used to be one of them." He leaned toward Loki, inclining his head to get the god to look at him. "But, y'know what? I'm guessing the fact that your brother, the guy with the muscles and the epic hammer, is in charge where you're from because there are assholes in Asgard, too. If all it took was smarts and whatever concept you have of good leadership, he wouldn't be in charge, would he? You wouldn't be here trying to retrieve a weapon that was made where you're from if your world was so damned perfect. And if you've still got that nutcase idea in your head that enslaving everyone is what's going to fix it, then you might as well head to Mars, because it's basically the same idea. If you wipe out all freedom and make everyone march in lockstep, there's no war and no terror and no bad stuff, but then there's not a hell of a lot of fun, either, is there?" He stuck his chin out and defiantly narrowed his eyes at the god. "And I know how much you like chaos. You'd get bored real fast."
"You're already losing your grasp on English, so you're not giving me much of a challenge," Steve responded with a smirk. He liked knowing that it was so damn easy to make a guy with as much experience as Tony Stark stammer. "Can't say I mind the idea, though." It required a whole lot more shifting, but Steve managed to find a way to sit down without permanently crushing any parts of his companion. With a little more work, he found the lever to shift the front seat forward and give them even more room. "C'mon over here and let's see how you  do with that." The fingers that threaded their way through Tony's hair left little suspense as to what he wanted.
"Okay, for you I can try." Bucky averted his gaze. The close proximity made him want to kiss Steve, and he knew that would lead to disappointment. Instead he concentrated on the situation and the cause of his distrust. "It's weird, but I keep getting this feeling someone's gonna lock me in a room and do all kinds of experiments." He sighed deeply, then went on, "I mean, Coulson already thinks words are triggering my... attacks. What if they start to poke and prod me to see what makes me jump?" Bucky gripped Steve's hand tighter. "I don't think I could live through that."
"I'm going to have to politely decline that offer," Steve answered. He hesitated for a moment before peeling off the sweat shirt and replacing it with Tony's. Tony hadn't seen him shirtless anywhere but in photos, not in his current state, and Steve couldn't quite bring himself to watch his lover's face as he changed. It was an old fear rearing its head. Steve knew he'd have plenty of those to work through, but it wasn't going to happen all at once. The shirt hung predictably loose, but it was worn and comfortable and smelled like Tony's laundry detergent. "Thanks. This is definitely better." He knew he probably still looked like a kid wearing his dad's clothes.
"Didn't we already establish that?" Tony quipped, then immediately felt a bit like a jerk for making light of it. Steve was obviously trying to reassure himself of that fact. Tony reached up to touch the man's cheek, since it was the only skin he could get at for the moment. "Yeah, I'm alive. I'm not an illusion, and you're not seeing things, even though I know technically me saying it doesn't really prove anything." Something else occurred to him that might help, and his fingers dipped down to a particular spot on Steve's neck. "There." He winked at Steve. "Not in any files. That's the spot that makes you squirm."
Tony glanced around the room. "Alright, my show now. Phil, you make sure I know where all my ducks are. Barton, Romanov, you two make sure he doesn't get killed. Logan, you and Bruce are taking point. Summers, you're their backup. I'll stay close as well."
Steve just barely fought off the urge to curse. It wouldn't be professional, and it wouldn't be helpful, so he swallowed the impulse. He hated the idea of Tony being chained to the lab, but he knew it was the best scenario. Their chance - their only chance - was Bruce and Tony figuring something out to give them an edge.
Tony pressed a decidedly non-sweet kiss to Steve's lips, drawing back to give him a smoldering look. "Definitely not tired," he breathed before smiling more casually and drawing away. "Something light... grilled cheese?"
"I'm sorry," Tony murmured, pressing a few light kisses to Steve's lips. "I'm sorry." He pressed tight to the other man, relieved to be pulled up in Steve's powerful arms once more. He stared into Steve's bright blue eyes. "I can't promise anything. You know that, right? Not with what we do. But... but I'll be more careful. Somehow. I can't... I can't stand the thought of leaving you behind. All I could think of was how much you'd be hurting, how much I wanted you to hold me." Too much, he thought, feeling a flash of shame as his mind clicked back to his tryst with Loki.
Loki finally smiled and leaned back against the pillows, one brow arched. "I know you think very little of me, but do you honestly think that I'd kill a man who is so damn good in bed? That would be a crime."
Steve had barely finished his sentence when another reporter popped up, "Mr. Stark, is this going to be like your relationship with Ms. Potts?"
"I can't imagine that's ever going to happen," Tony remarked, casting his eyes over the feast Steve had prepared for him. His mouth watered at the delectable sight, and he realized just how truly hungry he was. He dug in immediately, showing his appreciation for Steve's cooking skills with a satisfied groan of pleasure. "You know a man could get used to this kind of service," he said, munching happily on his toast. "I'm glad I decided to keep you around."
"That... we can do that," she agreed, all intention of doing anything else forgotten in the pleasure of him being whole and apparently happy. She eyed Loki over his shoulder and was surprised after all she'd heard and read to see him standing placidly and waiting. "Captain, could you remove the armor? I'd like to give you a look too."
Coulson nodded and offered Natasha a hand while she continued to hold onto Clint's. They walked silently down the halls with Natasha alternately putting her weight on one or the other of the men as the dizziness and pain came and went. He could see in the set of her jaw that she was determined to make the trip on her own power no matter how much it hurt. "We'll have a medical team on standby at all times."
Coulson hesitated. He considered. He thought it through. Outwardly the introspection took only seconds and Coulson appeared calm the entire time, but inside there was a wild rush of input and interpretation. "I think we can manage that," he finally agreed before giving Steve a pointed look. "Not that we're going anywhere but out on a run to get some soda. Stocking the break room."
"Thanks, sport," Tony said, looking the specs over. "I'll feed this to Jarvis." Fitz was right; it wouldn't do more than buy him more time to possibly kill Loki, but hopefully it was a moot point. He really hoped it was a moot point. His stomach gurgled plaintively. It was the third time in the hour; Tony had just been pointedly ignoring it in favor of working.
"Mmm... yeah, you might have to try again later. I'd hate to think we didn't do our damndest to make this thing work," Steve answered, laughing and rolling over to rest his head on his arms. He found it momentarily annoying that the return of his bonier frame meant it wasn't as comfortable as it could have been. "I may have to walk, though. I don't think my arms work as pillows anymore. Shoddy craftsmanship, I tell ya," Steve complained as he finally forced himself up into a sitting position and planted a firm kiss on Tony's lips. "Love you."
The rest of the group was obviously expected to follow, so Steve stood and did just that. He felt uncertain about pretty much everything, and he wished like hell that they had a plan other than "don't die" in case the visitor wasn't friendly. There was heavy silence among the team as the energy rushed down from the sky. It was actually rather awe-inspiring. Steve supposed that if he didn't feel like his heart had been ripped out, he would have been fascinated. Instead he just felt tired. When a gorgeous woman hit the broken ground and stood, covered in armor, he tensed.
Coulson considered the comment, surprised to hear it despite Clint’s sometimes solitary nature. Most people seemed to be settling into the tower one way or another. Somehow Fury had even convinced him to take a suite after a lot of pressure and cajoling and reminders that he was "part of the team" and some other patriotic crap that Coulson only later realized he probably should've been well immune to. "Not so sure you like bunking with everybody else?" He would have thought that at least the convenient middle ground with Natasha would have made the arrangement worth it in Clint's mind.
Clint raised an eyebrow. "You sure like shoving me toward Darien. Starting to think you like thinking of us tangled up together," he said, a look of amusement on his face. Clint couldn't resist the urge to push buttons. Coulson flustered looked a lot like Coulson any other time, but Clint had gotten to the point that, if he watched closely enough, he could detect the cracks in the agent's calm facade.
Clint couldn't help the smile that touched his lips when Phil dared the contact, even if it was just briefly. Deciding that it was too nice to stop, he chanced taking a firmer hold of the other man's hand, his fingers hooking over Phil's and holding tightly. They both needed it, and Clint felt fairly certain that Nat would run interference if necessary. He remembered then that Steve was talking and tuned in in time to register that the man was talking about a funeral for Tony. Clint swallowed around the lump in his throat. Tony had been a pain in the ass in a lot of ways, but he'd also been a part of the dysfunctional family that had come to live together in the tower.
Nat smiled, the expression uncharacteristically warm given the situation. "I always like the way you think." As if reading his mind, she reached out and stroked a hand over Clint's cheek, her nails dragging lightly over the skin. She stepped away and met Darien's gaze briefly before unzipping her suit. It peeled away with surprising ease to reveal that the woman wore nothing more than a thong beneath. She climbed up onto the bed and looked back over her shoulder to see if Clint was watching. Naturally, he was. "Come here." Once she was situated comfortably on the bed against the throw pillows she had picked out herself, Nat parted her long legs and smirked. "I don't enjoy waiting."
Clint sighed and rested an arm over the one around him. "This is. Thanks," he said, smiling when Phil gave him a puzzled look. "For planning it. And for... I don't know. Just thanks." He fell silent, taking in the crowds around them and the middling band and Phil's aftershave. Strong fingers laced with Phil's, and he sighed contentedly. An urge tickled at the back of his mind for several moments before he finally gave in to it, turning his head to press his lips to his handler's throat, lingering a little longer than completely appropriate and not really feeling too terribly ashamed for it.
It was both good and unsettling to realize that Logan knew them, at least to a degree. It meant that their reputation was most definitely not on their side or it might have done more to sway Logan's opinion. Steve's first instinct was to put some time into calming the crowd, but they were taking care of that themselves by fleeing the scene entirely, save for those too drunk to really care. Instead of helping the effort, he kept his gaze locked on Logan. "If you want to fight with someone, I think we both know I'm more of a match for you than Tony, but I don't think a fight's going to help any of us. From what I read in your file, you want more out of life than cheap whiskey and cigars... or has Director Fury overestimated you?"
Steve kept from rolling his eyes. Barely. "Glad that's settled. As Agent Coulson pointed out, though, that still leaves Loki out there somewhere. We should have a plan. Some kind of actual plan."
It was honestly hard not to watch Clint sleep. He looked ridiculously calm and innocent for someone who did the things that he did. He looked peaceful. He looked gorgeous. Coulson cleared his throat and forced himself to focus on the issue at hand. Soon enough he was lost in watching for cues and body language. "Barton," he barked, never doubting for a moment that Clint would wake at once. "I'm on my way to Summers' room. You're with me. Back far enough that he doesn't know you're there and close enough that I do." He tossed Clint an earpiece. "I'm wired, so keep an ear out. If I need you, it should be pretty obvious."
A short drive downtown had them in front of a nice Italian place. Tony left his keys with the valet and lead them inside. It was one of his favorites as far as real restaurants went, and low profile enough that people wouldn't expect him there. He breathed a sigh of relief as they settled at their table. "Well... I haven't had a flash in the face yet. We're doing pretty well, looks like."
Clint was already on his feet and hanging onto the rigger's railing when the plane came to a flawless landing. Having already been warned of the cold, he'd donned his rarely used tunic, but when he stepped out of the plane, he still gasped like he'd been punched. "Jesus, it's cold," he grated, glancing back at Bruce as the scientist tugged on a bomber's jacket and followed him out without batting an eyelash.
Strange, really, to know that underneath all of his flippant talk, Stark was as soft and needy as anyone else. Loki didn't bother professing love in return. There was only so far he was willing to take things just to get under Stark's skin. He barely even needed to talk, obviously, to get the man going. After the abrupt entry, he kept the pace slower to let the build move at a languid pace. He wanted to enjoy the feeling of Stark's legs wound tightly, almost desperately around his hips to keep him close. "You look beautiful like this." That, at least, was the truth. Vulnerable as mortals were, there was a lovely undertone to that need, to the desperation of such short lives lived often with so little to hold fast to. "Beautiful when you're mine."
Clint shrugged, showing another few cracks in his bravado. "I guess," he allowed. It was hard to think of himself as a hero. After SHIELD picked him up, he'd done most of his work in the shadows. Before that, he'd hardly been on the up-and-up. First a circus, then a band of mercenaries. None of it had conditioned him to think of himself as any better than a man who did his mission, then packed up and disappeared into the shadows. No accolades. No praise. No one ever knew. The Chitauri incident had definitely tilted his world on its ear. He looked around, noting the few people wandering the park in the middle of the afternoon. "It doesn't feel that way. I feel like I might've just barely made up for all the damage I did when Loki..." His voice gave and he fixed his eyes on the pond again, trying to keep himself calm.
Clint had to remind himself not to be a little jealous. He knew Nat's comments were about anything but sex, but it didn't help him feel a little bit like the new guy was one-upping him without even trying. He appreciated Phil offering to tase Logan, though he couldn't help but wish the agent actually had reason to do so.
Loki's expression sobered, and he studied the man's face. Though the words were at least partly mocking, that was simply Stark's way, he had come to realize. The mortal rarely said ten words in a row that didn't involve some sort of dig. It wasn't unwarranted, and thus it wasn't very troubling. "And what if I have one? If they get my brother back - and I find myself doubting that there's any other outcome - then I know the path that they will choose." There was no real warmth in the smile that lit Loki's face. "And I'm the only person who can fix the problems that it will cause."
Logan was relieved he was done eating, at least. "Guy doesn't fool around where booze is concerned, does he?" he asked, though he had to allow a grudging smirk. //Can't say I blame 'im.//
Coulson found himself wishing Clint would come out more with each passing second. He wanted to know how Nat was and how Clint was handling it.
"I d-don't think either of us want that," the physicist managed, his voice shaky and breathless as if he'd been running. The whole situation was pissing him off. He wanted to keep it together, but he couldn't help Steve and Tony as he was. Then he noted the flash of light and heard Clint's panicked voice over the comm right before Victor's flying form barreled into him with the force of a runaway train.
In the privacy of his own chambers, Loki dropped the glamour that was his battle armor. Wearing the real thing was pointless when he was doing little more than making a show for the inmates. His robes weren't much less elaborate but at least looked less likely to put someone's eye out. "I do that kind of thing." Admittedly being in captivity in Asgard had been less than conductive to having any sort of fun, nor had working with the Chitauri. "Unlike our friend in the cells, I rather prefer someone willing to be on top... and capable of living up to their billing. I look forward to seeing whether you do."
Strangely the outburst seemed to calm Coulson rather than upset him. He breathed a soft sigh of relief. "Good." The idea that Clint could have had the slightest inkling of what was going on and still gone through with it had made him furious and sick. "Good," he repeated almost to himself. Seeing the look of incredulity on Clint's face, he shook his head. "I needed to know. I needed to know that you didn't know." He braced his arms on the desk and rubbed at his temples to soothe away some of the tension for a moment. "Right now we keep them contained, and we proceed with trying to find Loki. Once we do, we make sure he doesn't get what he wants, and we try to negotiate a fix for Summers and Logan and Natasha. You should know that Director Fury is recommending we secure her as well until we're sure about her state of mind. I was going to take care of it, but I thought you might want to come along."
Hank, deciding that Steve had Mystique handled for the moment, swooped in to give Pyro a nudge toward a patch of ice he hadn't quite gotten to, hoping to send him sliding and give Bobby a chance to gain ground against him.
“Like me,” Bucky answered with obvious relief. He looked to Bruce and gave the man a nod of approval. “The doc here’s pretty good.” He lifted one of his arms to show the IV attached. “He’s flushing me out. Actually, flushing them out.”
Coulson gave him a skeptical sideways stare but ultimately shook his head. "No, that's fine." If the kitchen had been slightly distracting, this would be a whole new level. Coulson sighed. He was beginning to hate being well adjusted. He half envied Natasha's ability compartmentalize. Clint naked next to him would take some serious compartmentalizing. And possibly selective blindness. Coulson shifted in his seat and stared straight ahead. "Get changed, then I'll start us off. No sense in you falling out naked on the highway."
Clint allowed himself a faint but earnestly pleased smile. The words cut right through him, driving his arousal through the roof. Darien was perfect for his mood that night. The man knew how to let him take the lead without simply laying there like a worthless ragdoll. Too many times Clint had found an eager sub who either couldn't deal with what he would dish out or had no spark to them whatsoever. The archer leaned in for a deep, demanding kiss as he pushed forward, his hand clamped on Darien's hip and pinning him to the floor. With barely a pause, Clint began thrusting in a perfectly animal rhythm.
Steve blushed furiously, and even though he knew that was precisely what Tony had intended for him to do, it didn’t make it any easier to find the words to flirt in return. He didn’t really answer, just flashed Tony a smile and went back to stirring some sauce on the stove. “I gotta admit, it wasn’t that much trouble. I’m not a ‘make the noodles from scratch’ kinda good cook. This is more heating and assembling than cooking.” He nodded toward the oven. “I guess the garlic bread almost counts. There’s the spreading butter, the putting on the garlic… pretty complicated for an old guy.”
"Well, I can't say one hundred percent for sure, but last I saw Rogers, he looked pretty damn terrible," Logan said. He shook his head. "And they were walkin' Barton around in handcuffs last I looked. Not sure what that's all about, but I heard 'em say somethin' about a hammer. Don't know much more than that. Considerin' what that gun did to me, though, I'd bet their worst worry is blondie right now."
Clint nodded, tugging on his vest and checking his weapons. He sincerely hoped they wouldn't be needed, because he was pretty sure that if Summers decided to fight, Phil would die and Clint wouldn't be far behind.
Bucky visibly deflated; his hopes of his relationship with Steve turning into something more completely evaporated. A flame of anger ignited deep inside of him, burning hot and wishing to scorch Tony Stark. There was no doubt in Bucky’s mind that Tony was standing between him and Steve. And Bucky could not remember ever feeling such an overwhelming urge to beat the shit out of someone before. Somehow he managed to tamp down the ire building inside of him, and he turned his attention toward the boxes littering the room. “Well, I’d better finish unpacking,” he started as a means of a distraction, but then a sharp pain stabbed through his head and Bucky tumbled from the couch in agony.
The tears were back, but Steve could feel some of the weight lifting from his shoulders. He'd needed to hear it. Hoping for it was one thing, but hearing Tony say it and knowing that he meant it made him think that maybe he could manage even if they couldn't fix things. He couldn't speak, so he reached his hand out for Tony's and held on as tightly as he could manage. He needed every ounce of warmth and comfort his lover could offer even if he felt awful taking it when Tony should be healing himself. Steve looked around and spotted a pad on the nightstand, jerking his head toward it.
"Yeah. No place like home. Let's go," Logan said, obviously relieved as he gestured for Natasha to go first.
Thor nodded grimly, though he hated to agree with anything Loki said. Talking wasn't making the idea of killing his brother... his former bedmate... easier. "He speaks the truth," the thunder god said resignedly. "I spoke to our mother, and there would be nothing she could do to help him."
"You'd have to let me into your head. You'd have to let me see what you're thinking, what you know, and how your brain works. Simple as that. I take a walk around in there, get what I need, and then I give your boyfriend what he needs." Loki spread his hands and gave a faint shrug. "Honestly, I'd think you're rather getting the better end of the deal."
Tony tensed at the touch of the slender fingers and the feel of Loki shifting closer to him. Fear and fascination and uncertainty rattled around in Tony's head as he drew away, heart fluttering in his chest. He'd halfway hoped it would be a little more comfortable if he made the first move and took that little bit of control away from the god. Instead, he was starting to wonder if it had been a mistake. Loki had shown vulnerability moments before, some of which had made Tony drop his guard a bit, but the god was manipulative, good at pretending, and good at getting what he wanted. Tony wasn't sure if it was his own interest or if he was being played, and he wasn't sure he wanted to know. "What are you doing to me?" he asked softly, sounding almost as if he were simply wondering aloud.
Clint chuckled. "Will do. Though I still think she'd like an assortment of vodka and chocolate more."
Steve didn't trust himself to speak for a laundry list of reasons in that moment. "I... they pulled me out of the room. I didn't know that..." The dark implications of it hit him. Drugged or not, Tony definitely hadn't been in a position to say yes. Sinking down to sit beside Tony on the couch, Steve took the man's hand gently. It hurt to think the next words he needed to say, let alone speak them. "He raped you. And then I went on like everything was fine." Suddenly Tony's cold shoulder made perfect sense. "I can't... I can't blame Bucky for what happened, but please believe that I would never, ever ignore you when you need me. When you wouldn't see me... I didn't know why." A new layer of guilt settled on his shoulders as Steve stroked his hand. "I just knew how much I wanted to be here with you."
Bruce, meanwhile, had sequestered himself carefully behind an overturned shelf. While hiding was hardly what he'd have preferred, he was fairly certain that being boxed in with a mix of friend and foe would end poorly for everyone but him.
"I got a little too confident with our new tech and was clinically dead for awhile. I don't recommend that either. It did get me the only paid vacation I've had with SHIELD. Tahiti. It's a," the man's smooth voice faltered for a moment, "magical place."
"Mmm, bondage. Well, you know I like that," Clint said, giving Phil a pointed look over his shoulder before he rested his hands atop his handler's, his fingers sliding into the indents between Phil's knuckles. He settled against the other man with a sigh. "Y'know, it's not fair," he pouted, though he didn't really sound upset. "I mean, you pretty much know exactly what I'm into. And all I know is that you like BJs in dark corners in night clubs." He was silent for a moment, then smirked. "Though I do like one thing that I'm betting your tapes might not have shown you." Instead of elaborating, though, Clint yawned and fell silent, letting his eyes droop sleepily and let the warm sun combined with beer and a full stomach lull him gently towards sleep.
"If you don't mind, that would be great. Thank you," Steve answered after a moment's hesitation. He had no idea whether anything Tony owned would actually fit him, but it sounded better than trying to spend a casual evening sitting around in a tux. Frankly he hated wearing the thing to begin with. "Anything you have would be fine." Uncertain, he followed the other man as he headed to a room toward the back of his house. "It has to be better than this. I feel like I'm dressed up to go to a funeral."
"Yeah, we'll all be sitting around, munching shwarma, and I'll be like, 'Remember that time Logan's brother tried to cut me in half, and then Steve and I stayed in bed all day and fucked like animals? Best thing, ever.' Everyone'll get a kick out of it," Tony said, giving Steve a wink to let him know that he wouldn't go that far. The billionaire didn't need it spelled out for him that Steve would probably rather keep the gory details of their relationship between them. He pecked a kiss to the end of Steve's nose. "It'd at least be worth it to watch you blush."
The archer pushed himself numbly to his feet and followed Phil out of the room. They'd gotten only a few feet down the hallway before he threw his arms around the other man and buried his face in Phil's chest. Tears came to his eyes and he struggled to breathe evenly as he held onto Phil like he was the only handle on reality Clint had. It was several moments before he calmed down, but he kept leaning against the other man. "Sorry," he murmured, taking a deep breath and finally straightening. "It's a lot to process."
Clint's eyes drifted shut as he savored the gentle contact. "Feels good," he murmured, reaching over his own shoulder with his free hand to slide his fingers up Phil's neck and hooked them behind Phil's head to turn the man's face towards him. It was a little bold, being in public, but he pressed his lips to Phil's, trusting that the agent would stop him if it was too much. It was hard for Clint to worry about it being too much when there were people more or less dry humping each other a couple trees over.
Clint smirked. "No idea where Coulson is. That's the fun," he purred, deftly unfastening Darien's fly and unceremoniously grabbing the man's cock. He leaned in and nipped at his partner's throat, stroking Darien slowly. "Or, y'know, anyone else, for that matter. Besides, who cares? You didn't seem so shy the other night..."
Logan, barely able to articulate words by then, nodded and pressed his head into Scott's hand as the man stroked fingers through his hair. Muscles rippled visibly in his jaw as he fought to keep control. As if to vent some frustration, he nipped at Scott's collarbone. He knew he had to be bruising his lover, but he figured it was far better than what he wanted to do. "Scott..." he moaned, a combination of arousal and slowly breaking discipline behind the word.
Clint woke the next morning with just enough hangover to make him grumpier than usual. He vaguely remembered dragging himself back to his room, but that was about it. He didn't bother shaving, but made sure to shower and brush his teeth. He pulled on a pair of track pants, a t-shirt and a gray sleeveless hoodie before staggering into the kitchen to make himself some coffee. //Where the hell is Rogers?// The Cap usually had them some coffee made. Then he recalled Stark being injured and remembered that Steve was likely still taking care of him.
Victor laughed gleefully as the archer fought against him, taking the kicks and strikes with no real measure of discomfort. "Feisty. I'm in the mood for feisty," he said, pulling Clint toward him, flipping him onto his back, and kneeling across his stomach. "Have a good night?"
The words were a nerve-wracking reminder of the potential danger Clint faced, and he tensed a little. He could deal with thugs, bombs, crashed aircraft, even alien invaders. Things that invaded his mind were another story, and they seemed to be happening with uncomfortable frequency. "Thank you," he murmured, letting the feeling of Phil's hands soothing carefully over his back calm him down. "I know you will." He felt certain Phil would make sure he was okay. He knew his handler would be there this time, and that between Phil and Nat, he'd be as safe as could be hoped.
"Yeah. Of course, Jarvis," Steve answered, peeling himself up off of the floor and rolling his shoulders to try to ditch some of the tension built up in them. He wasn't particularly startled when a semi-transparent recording popped up in the air in front of him. He stopped breathing for a second when the image itself registered. Onscreen, Tony was gleefully strapping the armor on and just as gleefully ending up crumpled on the ground. In shot after shot, he watched Tony falling and crashing, laughing at the attempts or snapping at the bots depending on how badly it had gone. At first Steve smiled right along with him, relieved to hear Tony's voice and to see him because that felt a lot more right than the silent space where he belonged.
That was something Logan could relate to, and he nodded, grateful Scott hadn't pushed about his comment. "I can get behind that. Kinda what I was doin' when SHIELD picked me up, but with more alcohol and fistfights. Dunno that you'd call that 'work', though." He offered a faint grin. "You can crash here tonight if you want, or I can probably get 'em to give you a suite o' your own. The couch folds out, and you can take the bed." Logan hadn't bothered to make it up after the last time he'd slept in it, but it was clean enough otherwise. The feral mutant had made it clear to Stark that he didn't want anybody or anything coming by to clean up his room.
Logan had already been regaining consciousness when he'd been thrown into the cell. Standing, he fixed Coulson with eyes glimmering an unmistakably unnatural blue. "You're not gonna find it in time," he taunted, smirking at the agent. "Not before Loki gets there."
"We don't know. Tony said his dad thought it was pretty bad. Pretty powerful. He used the word 'evil,' which for someone who used to sell weapons for a living..." Steve took a deep breath and met Logan's gaze. "I'm not asking you to get yourself committed to a nuthouse, but we need to know whatever you know about this thing." He paused. "We need to know what Loki knows."
The archer couldn't help but chuckle as he leaned back, raising a teasing eyebrow at Phil. "Hmm, are you telling me that the mighty Agent Phil Coulson's self discipline is that easy to wear down? Or am I just that good?" he asked, casually taking a bite of food, his face immediately far more innocent than it had been a moment ago. "Then again, I'm pretty sure you're seducing the hell out of me with this omelette, so maybe I shouldn't be so judgmental."
Clint's hands were fisted in the fabric if Loki's sleeves, trying to push him away, but whatever the god was doing to him made it impossible to move. "Let me go," he managed to grate out, the energy swirling more strongly in his eyes.
"Yeah, sounds good," Scott answered with a nod. He tried to relax himself without the aid of the TV but finally gave in and turned on some old Nick at Nite re-reruns. A few episodes of the Dick Van Dyke Show later, Scott finally drifted off. He found himself running in the dream, turning down twisting pathways that always ended in a dark room filled with leering guards. He'd turn, he'd run, and no matter what turns he took, in the end one of the men would grab him and drag him in, screaming. He woke sweating and exhausted to find that he'd only gotten a few minutes of sleep. The cycle repeated three more times before Scott finally hauled himself up and stumbled, weary and shaky, into Logan's room. He didn't understand why he felt safer with the man, but he did. "Logan?" he called out, remembering well how it had gone when Rogue interrupted the man while he was sleeping.
Tony remained lucid enough to understand the ramifications of such a question. If it was known how he truly felt for Steve, then it could be used to hurt him. Gritting his teeth, he fought against the effect of the drug as he answered, "We're friends... Steve lives with me... because he needed help... getting..." Tony closed his eyes shut tight, feeling his resolve beginning to slip. "He's... my... friend..." He strained against his bonds, feeling the pain from his fractured ribs. It helped him to focus, and Tony kept pushing himself.
Logan felt a stab of disappointment and jealousy at the mention of Scott's attraction to Natasha. Then again, it made sense. The woman was a dominant, busty red-head with an apparent penchant for leather: exactly Scott's type. And Logan's, too, most days, but he'd definitely sort of missed that boat while he was fucking Steve and Tony and obsessing over Scott. Not up for trying to explain all that to Scott, Logan managed to come up with a decent explanation: "She, uh... I think she's already got a pet, and I'm not much into lickin' boots and stuff, so I don't think that relationship'd go too far. And while I’d never let all that stop me, her boy toy's an archer. Don't figure it'd kill me, but I could sure as hell do without an arrow in the eye," he said, managing to cover up any obvious reactions to the query. Besides, Scott was looking too drunk to notice. //Not drunk enough yet.// Logan figured a good binge drink and a hangover in the morning with a semi-responsible party to look out for him might be fairly cathartic for Scott. He grabbed another beer bottle and traded it for the mostly empty one in Scott's hand. "'Sides, gotta leave some for you, right?"
Scott let out a harsh laugh. "The feeling was mutual. I wanted to kill you, actually. Multiple times." In the end, instead, Logan had saved him - both literally and figuratively. Scott had all but given up on everything, and then there Logan had been. Too smart to lose himself in someone just because of a hero complex, Scott still felt intense gratitude mingled with his desire. "I wouldn't be here without you, though. Even when we hated each other, in the end, we watch each other's backs. It's better now, of course." He smiled and kissed the man again. "A lot better."
"If it's any consolation, I am sorry," Loki chimed in, looking more uncertain than anything at saying the words.
"He's right - we need rest. I need rest," Natasha added quietly. She sighed and looked Clint over. Considering what they'd all been through, he didn't look too bad. //Coulson's been taking good care of him.// The thought amused her, but she kept it to herself. "Now is the perfect time for a terrible movie and a long nap. Your place or mine?" She was too tired to want to engage in any of their more athletic stress relief activities, but Clint's warm, familiar presence sounded like the the perfect balm for her frayed nerves and tired body.
"Probably not long enough," Coulson answered, taking a seat on the couch and patting the one next to him to encourage Clint to do the same. He wanted to press and find out just what Clint had seen in his dreams, but he resisted the urge. It wasn't his business if Clint didn't want to share it. "How long has it been since you had a real, solid night's sleep?" If Natasha was out of the infirmary, she would have been lecturing the man. Clint's odd schedule was a point of frustration to both Phil and Natasha, Phil because he was used to a relatively steady schedule on office days and Natasha because she believed that a strong schedule was a sign of proper self discipline.
The woman drew herself up to full height and shook her head firmly. "Not doing it. I'm not without ego, but between the two of us, you're worth a lot more than I am."
It was a sentiment that Natasha had no trouble understanding. If she could have written out or written over some of her own history, she would have been sorely tempted. "There are worse things than blank spots. Meanwhile, let's go another round." It felt good, companionable, the four of them shooting even with Scott's less than traditional methods. She liked it. The normalcy - such as it was - reassured Natasha on a level she realized she'd been missing. In an utterly uncharacteristic lapse in focus, she didn't notice that anyone had joined them until another target started floating down the range. It was the grouping that followed more than anything else that alerted her to the identity of their companion a few stalls down. "Looks like Coulson's having a bad day." It wasn't his lack of precision that told her so, it was the fact that he wasn't bothering with center mass. Instead the head of the target looked like it was missing some pretty important higher brain function.
"I would like to check everything, make sure that Agent Barton is as okay as he seems to be. Not that I don't trust our newest addition, but I... well, I prefer to trust him with reason instead of blindly. Informed trust." She shrugged slim shoulders. "I'm afraid Fitz is right. We need to hide out here for a bit longer, but if you have Jarvis send the invitations around, we'll both be there with bells on for movie night." Badly as she wanted to play hookey, Simmons knew that there was a lot riding on the team being safe and well and ready for action - which meant seeing that they really were all of those things.
"Fine!" J gestured, and the suit-man and his toy were removed from the room. "You pay me five hundred for look."
"Of course, sir. Keep us in the loop." Phil waited until Fury moved on before he addressed Clint again. "I lost count. How many have you had?"
Loki wasn't surprised that Stark wanted a bit of mutual leverage, though he was almost surprised that the man agreed so eagerly. "Did you ever wonder why I never struggled with my brother for power when I was younger? We were the best of friends growing up, always close, always together. We were different from one another, but I always rather thought we complemented each other." He searched Stark's face but found no ready answers. "No, of course not. No one wonders why the villain became the villain."
Logan quietly wondered to himself if Tony ever actually shut up, but decided the visuals he was getting more than made up for the chatter. "Do it," he urged, his voice a rough growl in Steve's ear. Logan had his own plans for Steve, but discussion of that could wait.
Tony let out a harsh sigh as Loki settled across his lap, his hands instinctively settling on the god's hips. Dark brown eyes rose up to meet chilly blue, and Tony knew that there was no going back at that point. He wanted desperately to think he'd somehow been bewitched, but he felt too much like himself to really believe that. "Our secret," he muttered, wondering if he'd even be able to hide something like this from Steve. Deciding it was a moot point anyway, he leaned up for another kiss.
Tony was literally speechless for a few seconds. "I... uh... Sorry. I just got very suddenly manhandled, and I'm going to need a second before oxygen starts moving to my brain again," he panted, swallowing hard and wondering if it was his heart or the arc reactor that felt ready to hop out of his chest. He squirmed anxiously underneath Steve's powerful frame, but when that didn't do anything to get some kind of gratification out of his partner, Tony used every ounce of what little willpower he had to try and formulate a real response. "Well, you could start by touching me, and then maybe fuck me until I forget English? I think I'd like that," he breathed, nipping at Steve's throat and then reaching down to run his hand over Steve's shaft once again. "Y'know, actually... wouldn't mind sucking on this some, too."
Tony smiled, actually enjoying the simple cuddling. He toyed with Steve's hair, running his other hand over Steve's shoulder. "Me, too. They kept bringing me cafeteria food," he complained. He was silent for a long moment before he spoke again. "I worried. I mean, I know you're a lot more durable than I am, but it was pretty hard for me to sit here and listen in over the comms center and not be able to do a damn thing to help."
Thor took hold of his brother more gently than one might expect, placing cuffs on Loki's wrists. He couldn't deny the relief at the idea that they weren't going to kill Loki. At least, not yet.
Simmons breathed a sigh of relief when the man fell into step beside her. She was honestly too weary to argue the point the way she would have liked. Quietly, she assured him, "We aren't trying to recreate the serum. That's... it's dangerous. I trust my employers, of course," she added hurriedly, "but it's... it isn't... I don't think it's a power anyone should really have. My solution is based far more on reactivating the serum already in Captain Rogers' bloodstream. It would mean that instead of attacking those cells and killing them off, what's left of the serum already would go back to reproducing on its own. His body would rebuild itself. The process would likely be more gradual than the original application, but that might be for the best anyway. Less strain on his system." Simmons bit her lip and wondered if the information dump was too much in Bruce's frazzled state.
Phil's phone buzzed, and he pulled it out, half expecting to see a message from Fury. Instead he saw Logan's name on the screen. Given that he was doing little more than standing outside the door ready to play interference if the doctors wanted to try to chase Tony out, he tapped a quick reply. ALIVE. SERUM EFFECTS HAVE BEEN NULLIFIED. TONY'S WITH HIM.
Tony took extra care in securing the mask, then gave Steve a glare and poked him in the chest. "If you weren't in a hospital bed, I'd slap you," he said, then couldn't help a slightly lopsided grin. When Steve gave him a confused look, Tony looked away. "Look, you and I both know I'm... well, pretty much the worst person on the planet. I mean, as far as actually being a human being goes. The whole... See, I just... Steve, I've slept with a lot of people." He looked up and sighed, looking uncomfortable but determined at the same time. "I've slept with a lot of people, and a lot of them were really good looking, and had really nice bodies, and you and I both know I didn't exactly stick with any of them, and..." Tony took a deep breath, then finally made eye contact, his expression steely once more. "Goddammit, Steve, you should know that if this relationship was about your body, I would've slept with you a few times and then... maybe a few more times... but I damned sure wouldn't have told you I loved you and I sure as hell would not have cried all over your hospital bed in front of Phil Coulson. I love you, Steve Rogers, and you're going to have to get over that at some point."
"I'm alright. I'm also the only one here." Nat watched Logan's hand hit the glass between them and managed a faint smile. "Apparently he doesn't want us fraternizing. That's fine since I've never found concrete cells to be that much of a turn on." Slowly Nat rose, crouching as she got a feel for their environment and tested whether there were any lasting effects from the flash. "From one zoo to another."
The next morning Steve woke first. He'd expected as much. Serum aside, he tended to rise early, a trait he knew Tony did not share. He slipped carefully from the bed, unable to resist pressing a quick kiss to Tony's shoulder, before dressing and returning to his own room. A quick run and a hot shower later found Steve in the kitchen making coffee. As, generally, the first to rise, he usually tried to make sure there was a pot on before everyone else began crawling out of their respective corners of the tower. Jarvis could have scheduled it all out, but Steve preferred the ritual of handling it himself.
"Giving up so easily?" Tony teased as Steve's hands moved away from his jeans. He managed to wriggle free of them without breaking his lover's grip, kicking them away and then pulling their bodies closer together. The billionaire pulled Steve into another slow kiss, shifting this way and that, slowly and subtly herding Steve toward the end of the couch. Remembering how Steve had enjoyed a bit of rough play earlier, Tony clasped his hand firmly on the back of the blonde's neck and bent him over the arm of the couch, immediately pressing his swelling cock to the blonde's ass. He grabbed Steve's jeans down to his knees, using his foot to push Steve's a little further apart as he leaned in to nip at his ear and whisper, "You said we should christen the couch, right?"
Logan felt a stab of guilt. //Yep. Still haven't lost my way with people.// "Didn't mean it like that," Logan said, trying to think of something else to add that wouldn't sound completely asinine. He shifted uneasily, considering just shoving another beer in Scott's hand and calling it good. He hesitantly put what he hoped was a reassuring hand on Scott's shoulder and ducked his head a little to get the other man to look at him. "Just... Look, I know you're fine. I just..." He glanced off and took his hand away. "It scared the shit outta me when Fury gave me the mission to go get you." He'd been scared the entire time, in fact. Panicked, almost, every time the trail cooled off or he didn't find Scott where he'd expected. It had been even more terrifying when he'd found bodies. The sick anticipation involved in confirming none of them had been Scott had been damn near enough to make him crazy.
"I think I can handle this for awhile." Actually he liked it. He'd done it before in a far more perfunctory and more professional capacity, easing a few aches and pains so that Clint was ready for the next part of a mission. It was a different experience to have Clint draped over his lap and moaning softly as each of the knots was gently eased into oblivion. "I can keep it up at least until you forget that we have work to do later. Today it's just us." And if Loki tried to get in the way of it, Phil was going to kill the god with his bare hands, magical powers or no magical powers.
“Why?” Bucky asked bluntly. “You saw me fall; no one could have survived that.” He gave a small shake of his head, then glanced back up at Steve with sad eyes. “I still don’t think I have.” His words were so quiet they were barely discernible even to Bucky’s ears. Unwilling to let thoughts of the past spoil his boisterous mood at being free at least, Bucky shrugged it off. A little louder, he added, “Steve, we were both doing our jobs. Fighting for what we both believe in. If it had been you instead of me, well, I would have done exactly the same thing. So, don’t blame yourself; I don’t.”
Logan couldn't help a cocky smirk in response to Scott's appraisal and the following monosyllabic demand. He gladly shrugged the garment off, exposing war-hardened muscle and a solid dusting of chest hair. His fingers cradled Scott's head and pulled him into a hungry kiss as his other hand moved to tug at the buttons of Scott's shirt. Logan succeeded in unbuttoning a couple before his impatient pulling managed to pop one loose. At that, he gave up and tugged harder, dislodging all but the last couple. Just enough to let him shove the garment down to Scott's elbows and expose enough flesh to his eager hands. The man felt as good as he'd looked stripping down for bed the night before. The idea that he was fair game now, the reality that they would finally both get what they'd been wanting, drove a low moan from Logan's throat as he worked Scott's neck with his lips.
Clint opened his mouth to reply with something witty and found that his voice was caught in his throat. Pulled tight against Coulson, he had little doubt left in his mind that his imagination hadn’t exaggerated anything when he'd caught the man in his PJs. He'd started the whole thing to mess with his handler. He was starting to feel like he was the one getting messed with. "Heh... yeah," he managed finally, biting his tongue a little to keep himself focused on not getting a boner. "Better at this whole dancing thing than I would've thought," he said, wondering if Coulson could tell how much deeper his voice had gotten with all the background noise.
His stomach twisted, but Steve couldn’t help but grin at how normal Tony sounded. He sounded like himself. Steve ran a hand through his hair again before going to the door. Given that he was actually waiting for the door to open instead of having Jarvis just open it for him, Tony really was taking this seriously. Steve opened the door with a wide smile. He supposed it had everything to do with a shower and a shave, but Tony looked better too. “Hi. You look great.” Nervous and excited and horrifically terrified of doing the wrong thing, Steve almost forgot to step aside. “Come on in. I just got started - Italian okay?”
Steve shrugged. "Well, there's that too. It's... complicated, I guess. We push each other's buttons, push each other. That's not always bad. Anyway, like you said, all I can really do right now is wait it out and see what happens." //What happens if we're all doing that?// Steve pushed the thought away to ponder later. If he had to. "Maybe if it comes down to real dating, I can ask for some tips?" he ventured hopefully. "I know what used to be appropriate, but I'm guessing the rules have changed pretty dramatically."
Tony jumped at the firm touch of Coulson’s hand on his shoulder. He felt numb, detached. It didn't feel real. Steve had looked gray and frail on the stretcher. Even before he’d made it into Logan’s cell. //Like he's already dead.// The thought made him panic. He started to jump out of his wheelchair, but a pair of hands - strong in spite of the cuffs - pinned him into it.
“Because I want to,” Steve answered, still uncertain of how Tony was taking the gesture. He could see the wheels turning in Tony’s dark eyes. “What happened… it happened to you. You didn’t choose it. If I could go back and make it not happen, if I could be awake to protect you instead… I’d give anything to fix it.” As badly as he wanted to grab Tony and hold him close, Steve held back, giving Tony his space. “All I can do is tell you that I should’ve said something sooner. I should’ve let you know that I’m crazy about you. I think maybe it started that night at the fundraiser. I’d never really let myself think about it, and once I started to… I know this is the worst time to tell you and maybe the worst way. I just know things might’ve been different if I’d told you in the first place. You deserve to know how much I care about you.”
Tony nodded, relishing the way Steve settled perfectly against his body. "These are definitely ones we need more of. You know what else I liked, though? The idea that you were right there with me in the lab today, working away at that sketchbook." He knew that Steve had been trying to hang on to every moment, every angle. It didn't take an art aficionado to see the feeling in the man's sketches. Tony leaned in, pressing his lips to the corner of Steve's jaw, then working softly over to his lips and pressing their mouths together, enjoying the taste of the wine mixed with his lover. "I like having you close."
"Always been a quick learner," Steve mumbled before filling his mouth again. Tony writhed gorgeously with every movement. If Steve was honest, it was one of his favorite parts of sex. The intimate power of it appealed to him, and Steve felt far less likely to hurt his partner through inattention or a momentary loss of control.
"I'd like to at least make sure I'm mouthing off to the right one. Keep an eye out, Mr. Summers," Coulson agreed. "For now, we assume we're going the right way."
Tony caught up to the others just as they were stepping into the briefing room. "Wonder Twins, you're on," he said as Bruce set the prototype down on the table and the two of them took seats.
"But that would be very dangerous, of course." Seeing the blank look on Clint's face, she blushed. "Of course, we haven't met. Agent Barton, I'm Jemma Simmons, and this is Leo Fitz and-"
Clint was pretty sure this was the hottest blowjob he'd ever gotten. The need between the two of them, Phil's eagerness... It was all too much, and he finally came with a cry that was just barely drowned out by the bar's ambient noise. He managed to hold himself up long enough for Phil to draw away slightly, then sagged bonelessly to the floor, his head resting against the wall as he gasped for air. "God, that was good," he managed.
"Yeah." Except it did, and they both knew that. It didn't matter because of what anyone would say about their relationship. Steve felt fairly confident that at least inside the Tower, no one was likely to doubt that. It mattered because they'd planned for a whole life, and they'd barely gotten to taste what it could have been. It mattered because they'd been robbed of something precious. "I guess I should get down to the lab."
Tony nodded. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm not going anywhere," he said, trying not to sound as defeated as he felt. He could feel Loki's eyes on him, and it made his skin crawl. Knowing he had to submit to Loki's every whim only to die for his efforts was something that he wanted to avoid thinking about at all costs. Finding every possible opportunity to be a smartass was keeping him sane. At least, it would as long as Loki didn't tell him he wasn't allowed to talk. His vision was clearing enough that he was starting to more clearly pick up on the discolored patches on Loki's skin. "You... do you have some kind of Asgardian rash? You kinda seem to be turning blue in places."
Surprises weren't exactly among Tony Stark's favorite things unless he was fully aware of the surprise in advance, of course. And this day was turning out to be just full of surprises. "Better late than never, right?" Tony quipped, the beginnings of a smile threatening to quirk his mouth. "So, you caring about me and all... does that mean no more pissing contests when we're being manipulated by alien technology? Because I rather enjoyed that."
Scott couldn't help laughing, the sound genuine if quiet. "At the moment, I could probably do worse than hanging around and being your maid." He took a swig of beer and then looked toward the windows. "I guess I should dig out my shades and get some sun soon." As little as he wanted to go back to constant care and concern over even the smallest gesture for fear of hurting someone, Scott knew he was damn near useless without his powers. "It's so much fucking easier to wash my face, though."
"Okay, then." Still holding Clint's hands, Phil let himself feel a modicum of relief. He knew it wasn't everything. He knew it was miles and miles away from everything. He also knew it was the most he could hope for. "I like touching you. I like spending time with you. I'd even like to go camping with you and see what it's like chasing down a few defenseless animals for sport. I'm actually pretty amazing at Call of Duty even if you could probably take me playing Resident Evil. So... I'd really, really like to try this." He let go of one of Clint's hands to reach out and stroke careful fingers against his cheek. "I want this, but you have to be ready to be all in. I don't mean I expect any kind of commitment, but I don't share. That's a big change, it's a big promise, and you shouldn't make it if you aren't sure you're ready for it."
Clint normally would have said no, as well. If he could avoid a meeting, he'd do it. He much preferred the "get orders, put arrows in people, come home" routine, but when it came to anything possibly pertaining to getting Nat back, he was willing to sit through a briefing. "Yeah, I'll go. Maybe I can offer," his voice hitched a little, "some insight." He topped off his coffee and gave Darien a quick peck on the cheek and another ass slap. "Thanks again." He turned to Coulson. "Let's go. Provided Fury can deal with me showing up in street clothes."
J nodded and moved over, muttering in a broken foreign dialect with a thuggish looking man who glared briefly at Logan before stalking off downstairs. J meanwhile bustled around the room making sure the windows were properly covered and the door leading out properly locked. "You see, you like. Very pretty, but how you say headstrong. Little bruised," he admitted with a shrug too casual to suggest he really cared that the merchandise had done too much mouthing off.
Logan slid into the shower next to Scott, listening intently to the man and trying to work out how to tell Scott that Loki had done them a favor. Or at least claimed to. What Scott was saying backed that theory up. "He just took your glasses?" Logan asked, brow furrowed. "He told me he fixed your... Uh... Your injury."
"I still say they'd love it," Tony groused, but acquiesced. In truth, he'd felt a little ashamed the minute Steve had dropped his voice and asked Tony to behave for more personal reasons. He felt the need to keep Steve comfortable with the relationship, and that was not a feeling Tony was accustomed to. Even with Pepper, he'd generally felt the need to push her buttons. With Steve, Tony couldn't help but feel a bit like a tool for having done so.
"Well, that's all right, then." Tony clapped his hands and rubbed them together. "Something smells good in here, and I'm going to assume it's the food and not me." He flashed a knowing grin at Steve before making a beeline for the kitchen. The delicious aroma was heavier there, and Tony cast an appreciative eye over Steve's effort. "You really did all this for me? It's been a long time... well, maybe even longer... since anyone's gone to this much trouble." Tony leaned forward and asked Steven in a soft, playful voice, "You wouldn't be trying to seduce me, would you?"
"I will," Scott answered, happily curling in against Logan with no apparent concern for what anyone else would think.
Had it been any other moment, Steve would have smiled. Thanks to Tony's programming, Jarvis was all but a member of the team himself. He nodded to Coulson and then turned on his heel to check in with Fury. Things were getting a lot more complicated.
"Then that'll have to be good enough. But if you've got a long distance plan, I wouldn't mind you consulting with your mom before I get put in the same room with that thing again," Clint decided.
Tony opened his mouth to reply only to close it again when he could not find the words to answer Steve with. There were a million unspoken things he needed. First and foremost was for time to miraculously be set back so that everything could be undone. Tony hated feeling like this; helpless, weak, humiliated and defeated. And all in front of Steve. Finally, with a sigh, he managed, “If I can get out of here, that’ll be the best medicine in the world.” Realizing the awkward atmosphere had only grown thicker, Tony didn’t blame Steve for wanting to depart. He wondered if he would ever feel comfortable around the other man again. “Steve,” he called out,“thanks. For coming by.” It was the best Tony could muster.
"Yeah, that's a thing," Steve interjected, wondering if Logan thought that was as crazy as he had the first time he heard the phrase. "What the file doesn't mention is that he likes it. Hurting people, making them mad, he feeds off of it."
Reluctantly Natasha shifted away from Clint, alert despite bleary eyes and a desire to curl right back up. She followed Phil and Clint into the bedroom and managed to convince herself to kick off her shoes and peel away her jacket before crawling into bed, sandwiching Clint in the middle.
Before the tension could mount further, a doctor appeared with a faint smile on his face. "Ms. Romanov is stable. Her vitals are all good. She's only waking up for a few moments at a time. It's best to keep visitors to a minimum. Mr. Barton, she was saying your name. If you'd like to come with me?"
Logan smiled his satisfaction, dragging a finger across his lover's prostate before he fumbled some lube from the coffee table onto his fingers and thrust a third into Scott's body. "Fuck, you're tight. And fucking beautiful like this, too," he murmured. He loved how responsive Scott was behind closed doors. He'd seen the man take terrible beatings with barely a reaction, but a little pleasure, and his lover was squirming and making the most beautiful sounds.
Clint pressed his forehead to Phil's temple. "You realize, of course, that Nat and I both are gonna have to beat you. I know we're your work and all, but I think both of use would like to register as at least friends, too." He gave the other man a wink. "In may case, hopefully more," he said, then sobered a little. "But, seriously, you should've told us. It wasn't like we were gonna go blabbing. And it would've been a lot easier to be understanding about you being an asshole." Well, Clint never was good at staying serious for whole sentences.
Logan fairly purred at the contact. It sent a tingle through him to have fingers run through his hair, though it wasn't a sensation he got to focus on often. His fingers trailed lightly over Scott's skin, aware of the numerous bruises on the man's body. "You're so gorgeous," he breathed between kisses. It chilled him to think he could've lost the man. His hand trailed lightly over Scott's thighs, deftly avoiding going for the more obvious target, instead merely flirting with the idea of more intimate contact.
Tony shivered, his toes curling as Steve's throat seemed to milk away what sanity he had left. The fact that Steve was obviously enjoying himself was almost as intoxicating as the feel of his tongue on Tony's flesh. "Can... say that aga-ain," Tony managed, his gaze fixing on the ceiling as he tried to hold out a little longer. "S-soon," he panted.
It was categorically impossible not to get turned on by Clint Barton and that tone of voice. "Well, if just the thought of me making you jealous makes you sound like that? Yes, I absolutely want to make you jealous," Phil agreed before he smiled and tucked into his breakfast. Winding Clint up was fun. Knowing that not only was he winding him up, they actually had a chance to see the thing through turned him on to no end. "If you don't want to get jumped on the island before lunch, we should probably start talking about something PG for awhile."
Darien took his hand. "Darien Fawkes... and I think this is my cue to exit. Just let me know if you guys need a hand with anything." He gave Clint a meaningful look before retreating from the room with what was left of his dignity.
Relieved, Scott nodded. "Okay. Got it." He laughed and shook his head. "It's stupid. I mean, I don't feel weird doing the things, then after... I guess it's talking about it." As much as he hated to bring up his ex given the role she'd played in their initial friction, Scott felt the need to explain, "With Jean it was always pretty straightforward. Not vanilla, but not much past that. Realizing that I like so many things that would've been totally off menu before is taking some adjusting."
"We can make sure you won't be a danger to yourself or others," Coulson agreed. He stood back, out of reach, leaving Clint a clear shot at all times. "You're doing the right thing. If we're compromised, Loki has a better shot at winning - and I don't think any of us wants that."
Tony wasn't far behind his lover, arching against Steve's body as he came, his free hand digging hard into the blonde's muscular shoulder as he gasped softly. He collapsed boneless against the mattress, his body jerking a few more times in the aftermath before he fell completely still, grinning stupidly at the the other man. "I think... I think there wasn't a lot of point in that shower you took," he observed, reaching up to drag Steve into a languid kiss.
Clint tensed at the mention of Loki. "You knew, then, huh?" Getting a nod from Phil, the archer let his head fall against the man's shoulder. Of course Phil had known. Clint was his asset. Phil probably knew more about Clint than the archer himself did. "Loki left his mark on us both," he said, his hand sliding over Phil's chest, fingers bumping over the ridge of his lover's scar as he looked up to meet Phil's gaze. "I guess there are some things we just can't save each other from." It had hurt in ways he couldn't articulate when they'd lost his handler, and suddenly Clint understood Phil's perspective on their current situation that much better.
"I forgot what it's like not to be hungry," Scott answered with a flicker of a smile. He eased himself up carefully but was pleased to find that his back didn't ache quite as much as it had the day before. He sat down at the table and tucked into the food as quickly as possible while remaining vaguely civilized. By the time he was finally slowing down, Scott had his thoughts mostly in order. "I got jumped. Downtown New York, and I get jumped. I guess they'd been following me for awhile, knew who I was. For all I know they were watching the school and saw me leave. For what they get paid, it's possible." Scott took another bite and let himself breathe deeply. "I'm not sure how long it was before I woke up. For awhile it was all being tied up and dark vans, and I didn't know what was going on. I thought it was Magneto or someone. Someone we knew."
Steve blinked, momentarily lost as to just how the director could have found out about the evening so quickly. "Sir? I'm not sure what-"
Scott's eyebrows shot up for a second, but he let Logan retreat once he realized what he'd said. In truth he wasn't bothered by the comment, and Scott wondered if that was a sign that he was experiencing some sort of mental break. Otherwise he probably would have been furious or annoyed or creeped out. //Right?// "Soon. Just not yet," he allowed after a moment to think it over. "I guess I should want to charge in and work to get it all out of my head, but right now... You know, I've never really just done nothing. Not since my mutation. I got recruited by the professor, I went to Westchester, and I've been working. Always working on something. Now I don't know what I want to work toward. It's time to be still."
Back at the bar, Logan tore his gaze away and considered leaving. //Or I could be a man about all this and just accept that I don't always get what I want.//
"Yeah... okay." It was all straightforward and precisely what he had expected, but he knew it would still suck going through it all again in his mind. "Maybe we can head back to SHIELD headquarters? I think it might be easier to just type this up. I don't want to have to go through it more than once in explicit detail if I don't have to." He'd been a lot luckier than the other prisoners, but he hadn't gotten off without a scratch mentally, physically, or emotionally, and Scott knew he'd feel like shit by the time he got done spewing the experience out into a document for official perusal. "I'll answer any questions they have when it's done. I want these guys shut down. I don't want anyone else going through this. Ever." Even the worst of the Brotherhood didn't deserve to end up in the clutches of people looking to exploit other beings for their own profit that way.
Logan raised an eyebrow. He was pretty sure that Stark's suit was worth more money than Logan had seen in the course of the past decade, and the place they were standing in front of looked like the cover charge required taking out a loan. In fact, the feral mutant hadn't even registered that it was a bar because he was expecting something a little more humble. "Uh, does this place have a dress code?"
Clint saw the weapon charging and knew he had no way of evading it. Curling into a ball, he tried to shield himself against the energy that surged towards him. Dark lightning flickered and crackled around him, and Clint remained frozen in terror, waiting for... something. Whatever horrible thing this new staff would do to him... didn't come. Looking up, Clint realized with a shock that the hammer was producing a sort of energy shield against Loki's attack.
Clint paused, his eyebrows flicking up in surprise as he offered a faint smile. "That's good. 'Cause if you cook half as well as your couch is comfy, I wasn’t kidding about that not getting rid of me bit," he joked, tossing the carrots into the salad and starting on the tomatoes. "I mean, I -  ow. Ow! Dammit." He sighed, grabbing a paper towel and wrapping it around one finger. "Okay, so there might be some blood in the salad."
Everything Agent Coulson said made perfect sense. Indeed, it made Bucky wonder why he'd ever doubted himself in the first place. His argument was very persuasive, and Bucky could not help but wonder if this might be part of his therapy. "Well, when you put it that way," he conceded softly. "I'm beginning to see that it's useless to feel down about myself around you." Bucky even managed a hint of a smile, but that turned into another shadowed frown when he glanced down at the metal which had replaced his arm. It was a painful reminder of all the time he had lost. "I don't suppose you guys can do anything about this?"
"Can for a split second. Buzzed, anyway. I heal, so I don't get a tolerance. So a good guzzle gets me a two second buzz. And, y'know, you can like the taste o' beer without gettin' shitfaced. Which I'm guessin' is a category you fall into, since you didn't order Coors," the mutant countered, looking more amused than anything.
Logan sighed. "'Course." He gave Scott a mischievous look. "You can put your hand back in my pocket if you want, though," he added, before looking back at the phone. His face dropped. "Natasha's back. But she's not awake yet." He couldn't help the stab of guilt and fear. Would they believe her if she told them what he'd done? It seemed likely that if the woman could come to and point the finger at him that they'd take her word over his. Sure, SHIELD knew that Loki had rummaged around in his head, but finding out that he'd allowed it... Logan wondered if Scott would catch any trouble for it, as well. "Maybe we should go check on 'er when they're ready to let us in."
"I don't think I do either," Steve agreed. It was nice being part of the group. While he hadn't been thrilled at first with the idea of walking around and enduring disbelieving stares, in the end his natural desire to be around people was overwhelming the concern. Hiding just wasn't his style. People were going to look. They were curious, and Steve couldn't blame them for the impulse. "Any progress today?"
Tony nodded, wondering if the Avengers would even give Loki the chance to explain. Clint certainly had a bone to pick with the god. Probably two or three times over by now. The billionaire wondered at himself again when he felt a little nervous at the idea that his friends might well just kill Loki outright. Maybe it was just seeing Loki's more vulnerable side, but Tony was definitely starting to feel somewhat sympathetic toward the Asgardian, even if he couldn't earnestly defend Loki's actions. "Just... be careful, and move slow. They're not gonna take any chances," he warned.
It was a little below the belt having Jarvis keep an eye out and let him know when Steve was away from the room, but being a spy meant working that way sometimes. Coulson knocked firmly on the door and waited. They needed to know that Barnes was safe - and that, by extension, Steve was safe. It wasn’t a pretty job, but it was an important job. Coulson and Fury had both agreed that Barnes alone was more likely to say something revealing than Barnes in front of Steve ever would.
Steve glanced over and saw a smile on Bruce's lips. It was enough of a pleasant oddity to surprise a smile from him as well. Some of the fear and tension drained from his shoulders if only for a moment. The unfamiliar weight of the suit was forgotten as he ventured, "Dr. Simmons?" He continued on before Bruce had an opportunity to protest or apologize. "It's nice to see you smile. You deserve it. Hold onto that. I... if we don't need the other guy, I don't want to put you through it, so I'm kind of hoping you can keep going with the happy thoughts."
It took Phil a second to remember the man's name, and he cursed his brain for being so sluggish. //You still need to keep it together for a few more hours.// "More or less. We'll need a trip to medical when we get there, but it's not an emergency. Agent Ward, we'd appreciate a ride home."
"We are here to restore you to yourself," Frigga answered simply. She more or less ignored the guards. Even on Thor's orders, they would do her no harm. They might restrain her, might help him to "protect" her, but not a man among them was stupid enough to lay a finger on her with any other intent.
Clint fell silent, looking at the floorboards and feeling like an ass. "Sorry," he said, glancing at Phil's hands, whiteknuckle on the steering wheel. Clint was bad at being comforting, he knew, but he still didn't like seeing Coulson upset. He pulled off his shades and fixed bright blue eyes on the other man. "I mean it. I can imagine that's pretty rough." He offered Phil a hopeful look. "Good-looking as you are, it won't be long before someone else comes along."
"Please, sit. There's no need for forgiveness. We are more often than not fighting the same battles. Tell me what you need."
Knowing Tony had a lot on his mind, Bruce looked over at Fitz-Simmons. "Maybe we better start putting together a prototype, then." They only had access to three Hydra weapons. It was all Fury could talk the Council out of. Hopefully, it'd be enough.
Nat was just being wheeled off down the hall to a room of her own when Scott and Logan approached. "How's she doing?" Scott inquired. Logan had been a ball of nervous energy on the way up, so it seemed best to take point as much as he could.
Steve was breathless by the time Logan gave him even a second to recover. He was still boneless and blissed out from his climax and it actually took him a minute to register everything that had happened in such quick succession. When it caught up with him, Steve couldn't help but smile at the look of hunger on Logan's face. He reached up and pulled the man down again, the kiss crushing and harsh and kind of amazing. He wasn't going to hurt Logan - or if he did the man would heal just as quickly as he could himself. It was heady and strange to think that neither one of them needed to be cautious or careful.
Clint nodded. "Good call." The last few minutes of the flight were made in silence. When they landed, the sun was just beginning to come up. Clint hopped out of the aircraft and gestured to Darien to follow him into the tower. "The Director's busy dealing with a recent... fiasco. Normally, Agent Coulson would debrief you, but he's busy as well. I'll be giving you the rundown tomorrow, late morning." He led the way into the residential part of the tower. "I figure you could use some rest and a chance to clean up. We've got some clothes that will fit you and toiletries in a suite."
"And important. We have three agents - three important agents - who need to be back in the field. We have to get them there," Coulson reminded her despite appreciating the enthusiasm. "We need all four of you doing everything you know how to do to try and find a way to harness whatever the hell it is this thing actually does."
Tony smiled at that. "Missed you, too." He knew he should be worried. Or stressed. Or running around trying to figure out something to fix their current problem. But it was too comfortable, too right to be laying there curled up with Steve. It was odd, feeling so secure, so comfortable with someone. Especially someone he'd very nearly come to blows with more than once.
"I think we're all ready for it to be over." Phil found himself staring at the door and willing Clint to return.
"What, no hellos for me?" Natasha watched the god, hoping to see a shimmer or a flicker or any other telltale sign that there were chinks in his virtual armor. "I'm hurt."
"I'll keep you in the loop," Natasha agreed, heading for the door without another word. She needed to find Clint and then start clearing herself to be officially free again.
"Neither did I," Nat agreed with the faintest hint of a smile. "Sit down. Get comfortable. I think you need to see this." More gently, she assured, "I won't tell you to leave him alone. I won't tell him to leave you alone. I'm just telling you that until I'm done with him tonight, he's mine... unless I say otherwise."
The sprightly girl who'd been there when they dropped the hammer off chimed in helpfully, "Only for now. We aren't sure how deep the effects run just yet. I'm sure Agent Barton understands."
Tony actually laughed at that, and Bruce joined in. "Simmons," Tony decided, "I like you. And I'll tolerate the growth," he gestured at Fitz, "for your sake." Tugging Steve closer, he pecked a kiss to one of the hickies and then held him tight."They look great on you. Don't let Bruce get to you. He's an old fuddy-duddy."
Scott shuddered in the man's arms. He hadn't meant to fall apart, but once the tears started, it was hard to stop them. He supposed he'd probably been holding them in since long before everything that happened with Clint or Loki. Unable to form the words to tell Logan the things he wanted to, Scott clung tightly to his lover and let the tears flow. He sobbed until the sounds became harsh breaths instead and finally managed, "It isn't. Your fault, I mean. It isn't. Such a fucking mess," he mumbled before drawing back, heedless of the fact that he probably looked like death warmed over. "Did you mean what you said to Steve? Do you... do you still feel that way?"
Victor pressed his forehead against the bars and grinned, openly taking in the exposed flesh. "Mmm, tempting," he purred, hands flexing against the bars, retracted metal clawtips glinting in the light. "But I don't think Loki'd appreciate me mangling his newest toy, and I feel like you'd force me to do some mangling. Maybe I'll wait and see if bossman'll let me tie you up later, show you what you're missing."
Scott was prevented from asking what the hell was going on by the agent in question starting, "It's surprisingly easy to explain what Loki is doing. He's creating chaos." Coulson passed a series of files out across the table. He nodded toward the one closest to Tony. "He released all the animals in a testing facility. An eco-terrorist group that doesn't technically exist is currently taking the blame, but the real problem," he watched as Stark flipped the folder open, "clearly shows otherwise." There have been major traffic accidents, minor weather events, one building collapse, and stranger still, no reported fatalities so far. “We don't know what he wants. If the events were more concentrated, we could say he's keeping the authorities busy - not that the authorities are likely to be a problem for someone of his abilities."
"Steve," Tony said his lover's name gently, taking the hand from his chest and threading their fingers together. He pressed their foreheads together, looking into bright blue eyes. "Listen, I know I've taken a lot of crazy ass risks. But I thought about it yesterday, and... I can barely handle thinking about how much it'd hurt you if something happened to me. I'm not scared of dying, not that much. But I am scared of leaving you." He took a deep breath. "I don't plan to go into things with a bomb strapped to me, but... I seem to recall someone telling me that there's not always a way out. We can't keep letting Loki get away. He's eventually going to succeed and then it's a lot bigger than you, me, or even SHIELD. I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that the whole team comes back, but if I have to, Steve, I'm gonna lay down on that wire."
Phil's cheeks warmed, but he didn't make a single move to stop the man. It felt too good. Out in public they weren't in danger of taking things too far. It meant they had a strangely safe space in which to learn a little more about what fit and felt good. He let out a soft, pleased sigh at the touch of Clint's lips. The hand not carefully tangled with Clint's rose up to move over and through the asset's spiky hair. Everything around them disappeared.
It hurt enough for a beat that Darien found blackness swimming at the edges of his vision. It would have been easy to pass out, but he didn't want to miss anything. Instead he took a deep breath and surfaced again with a low groan. The sound was lost in Clint's mouth. It didn't matter. Clint didn't need to hear him to know he was getting off on every last shift of the man's body. His own hard cock trapped between them made it clear that he loved it. It hurt like hell, but it also drove him half crazy with pleasure. Darien's whole body burned from the inside out.
Fitz grinned, and he and Jemma shared a small high five before the blond sobered slightly. “How’s he handling it all? And Captain Rogers?”
Scott sank back against the couch and tried to get his thoughts in order. With anyone else, the mention of being shot might have worried him. With Logan, it probably had barely slowed the man down. Part of his mind screamed at him not to talk. Worried that it would only get louder, Scott resolutely ignored it. He needed to be straightforward while he still could be. "Loki was here. He did something to me. Logan said he just fixed my injury, the one that kept me from controlling my mutation. With everything that's happening... I have a pretty hard time believing that. I still think I'm myself, but I'm not acting like it. Not entirely." Scott rose and took a few steps closer to Clint. The guy was pretty gorgeous. //Where the hell's that coming from?// "I should have said something sooner."
Clint looked away and smirked as he bit his lower lip. "Oh, I think you've still got more than a leg up on me as far as secrets go, considering I'm pretty sure you saw everything that happened in my suite for - what? - six months? A year? However long it took Fury to decide I wasn't still Loki's flying monkey. Hell, for all I know, you're still supposed to be watching me," he said with a teasing grin. He seemed much more adjusted to the idea then than he had before, but he couldn't keep himself from trying to fluster his handler all over again. Phil got flustered pretty much never, and when he did it was too endearing for words.
The offer surprised Steve enough that he almost missed a step, but he nodded instead. "Thank you." Since Scott joined the team, Logan had kept things carefully friendly, but it was impossible not to hear something more behind the question. He shook it off and hurried on his way, sure he was reading too much into the whole exchange.
The more he woke up and the more he realized that it was real, the more Steve's heart sank. He'd imagined a lot of things that might happen while he stumbled his way through helping Natasha and Logan. He'd imagined a hundred things, and somehow the idea of being brought back to such a useless state wasn't one of them. And Tony... he couldn't understand... he had no way of knowing all the hell that went along with it. How could someone like Tony, a man who could have anyone, want to be with someone who could barely breathe on his own? The tears were falling before he even realized he was in danger of crying.
Loki let everything but the hard heat of Victor's cock flee his mind. He abandoned himself to the pleasure of it, his hips churning back to meet Victor's punishing thrusts. "Harder," he grated at last, the heady high of release dancing just out of reach as he strained for it. Loki wanted to cum before he had a chance to think about what they were doing and assigning any of his very real baggage as the culprit for the rather odd union.
Tony couldn't help but have a good chuckle at the statement. Once he recomposed himself a little, he grinned at Loki. "I can't really argue that point. Your brother's pretty dumb. On a lot of levels." //Kicking you out of bed, for starters,// Tony caught himself thinking. His mind drifted briefly to the idea of the two Asgardians tangled up with one another before he refocused, wondering at himself. //Just been in captivity too long.// "You do realize you two don't have to pretend you're best friends if the Avengers accept you, right? I mean, we'd appreciate you not destroying my tower over who has to make a new pot of coffee or arguing in the middle of a mission, but aside from that...?" Tony shrugged.
"Couple days off has me rusty," Nat protested, the words a statement of fact, not a dismissal of his complement. "I don't like taking breaks."
Tony spun around on the barstool and leaned back against the bar, placing both arms on it. "Hey, you said a nice bar, Steve. You said *nothing* about women." He looked to Logan. "And you... could stand to relax. I mean, you're nearly immortal. You going to spend another two or three hundred years batting for just one team? Sounds like it'd get dull," he pointed out as a drink was put into his hand.
She rolled her eyes. "You're ridiculous. And of course I'll get you some food." For the first time in a long time, Jemma found herself looking forward to something that had nothing at all to do with work. Not even Fitz looking for her to play lab mother was enough to dull her spirits.
Tony had sucked in a breath as the cold tile hit his back, but it was worth it to have his lover pressed so tightly against him. "Did it a long time before I came along," Tony reminded his lover gently, brushing their noses together before tugging at Steve's lower lip with his teeth. "But I'll do my best to stick around. Don't wanna miss out on anything," he assured quietly, his fingers trailing over his lover's flanks. "Can't make any promises, but I always find a way out, remember?"
"Wouldn't've thought you'd be back for round two so fast. Miss me?" Creed growled, though his leer wavered a little as a broad smile slid over the archer's face.
“I know he didn’t care much for it, but he was the right man for the job addressing the public and being the face of our forces.” Coulson had eventually managed to get over any sense of hero worship enough to have some real conversations with Steve. He’d been surprised to find how ambivalent the man’s feelings were about some of his work during the war. It had been less surprising the more he saw Steve in action and the more he realized that despite the man’s natural charisma, he preferred being useful to being a figurehead. “I suspect that you’re more capable than you give yourself credit for, but I understand that facing the public may not be your first instinct right now.” He hesitated and then ventured, “I can guarantee you’ll be in some SHIELD-ordered therapy for awhile, and your psychiatrist may not agree with this, but in my experience, hiding isn’t the way to get through it. Putting yourself out there is.”
Thor didn't seem quite so sure. "Brother, there is no use trying to talk your way out of this. We know you cannot be trusted." There was a tinge of pain in his voice. "We must end you."
Clint was amazed that he didn't lose it right then and there. Nat was hot as hell in any situation. When she started talking dirty, Clint was always amazed that he managed to avoid completely losing his mind or his stamina. As a drop of sweat rolled down his nose, he braced his hands against the mattress and began hammering hard into the woman. "Nat," he panted, relishing the woman's slick heat as she squeezed him perfectly. He'd all but forgotten their audience, lost in the feel of the woman pressed against him.
Fury quirked the faintest, briefest hint of a smile. That was why he kept Clint around. The man would typically do what he was told, but wasn't afraid to overstep his bounds a little if pushed. "Barton, I don't know for a fact that you aren't one of Loki's flunkies right now, either. I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt because, frankly, I'm running out of prison cells, and it's apparently not safe for me to throw you in with one of the others," he said, giving Clint a pointed look. "And whatever you know, Loki might also know, so Thor's whereabouts are staying my business until you need to know about them."
"Med team NOW," Coulson barked into his phone, though there were already orderlies with a gurney just steps behind them in the hallway. The men lifted Steve, taking vitals. It was hard to hear it all, but they caught flashes, "thready pulse," and "shallow breathing" both making Coulson's heart sink. He put a hand on Stark's shoulder without even thinking about it, squeezing in silent support. "He's survived worse."
Clint straightened, opened his mouth, closed it, and furrowed his brow, trying to think of a decent way to respond. "So, why... I mean, what kind of... How do you..." The archer cleared his throat, purposefully putting his hand on the pile of soaked paper towels and absently moving them over the counter top. "I... so... you kept the videos of me?" he asked, frustrated to find that the sentence ended in a bit of a squeak. The idea of Coulson having watched a fair number of his sexual exploits was starting to have an entirely different connotation.
"Honestly, it's a shame," the girl broke in only to have the thread picked up by a curly-haired young man who had been muttering over a console in the back of the room.
"Better a dumb, drunk moment, right?" Tony pushed a button to roll the top down as they cruised slowly toward the Avengers headquarters.
Steve's eyes were already open, and he nodded, face pale in the soft glow of the arc reactor. He fought against a momentary, panicked urge to tell Tony not to go, to stay and let everyone else go. It was ridiculous and impractical and absolutely not what he really wanted. Badly as Steve wanted to protect Tony, he knew that there were bigger things at stake. Instead of saying any of the things zinging through his head, Steve took a deep breath, kissed Tony soundly, and sat up. "Let's get going." He might not be able to go out into the field, but he could get dressed and sit at the comms and at least know what was happening with his team. "The world's not going to save itself."
Though the quiet laugh had driven a chill through him, Tony moaned at the thought, pressing his lips to Loki's chest. "It would be," he replied before he caught himself. It was reflexive, and that was almost a terrifying thought in an of itself. The idea that he had already given so much of himself to his captor was unnerving, but giving up some of that resistance made it that much easier to not think, to just feel. Shoving the worry aside, he kissed his way over to one of Loki's nipples, latching onto it as a third finger sank into maddeningly tight heat. Tony suckled at the nub in his mouth eagerly, his nearly jet-black gaze rising to Loki's face as he let his teeth lightly graze the flesh.
Victor, meanwhile, was sneering at Coulson. "Well, I've got half o' what I want. The other half is you comin' with us. Loki ain't too happy with the pair o' you, and I guess he wants to 'discuss' it with ya. So he's having me collect you both." His free hand pinned Clint's left hand as the archer squirmed. "He wasn't too specific on condition, but I got the feeling he'd like ya alive." He looked back up at Coulson. "That is, assumin' you play along."
Coulson was by Clint's side in a flash. The man looked like he'd seen a ghost. "Barton?" The sound of his name and the fear in the archer's choice echoed in his ears. He couldn't help reaching out to touch Clint's shoulder. "What was that all about?"
"Yeah, looks like it," Bruce agreed, hoping that solving that problem didn't involve losing another teammate. He wasn't sure any of them could cope with that. "We've got Thor back, and at least Clint can survive using the hammer, theoretically. Having him alive means he has a chance of recovery, however long it takes."
"No," Clint replied, stepping back enough to remove his bow and quiver and tossing them aside. His left hand - still clad in an archer's glove - tugged Darien's shirt upwards and slid along the man's well-toned side while Clint used his free hand to hold Darien firmly against the wall. He leaned in for another bruising kiss, then nipped at Darien's jaw and throat. Drawing away, Clint tangled a hand in Darien's hair and used the grip to drag him to his knees. The marksman's other hand went to his belt, unclipping it as he growled, "You're gonna suck me."
"Lunch would be fine." He didn't want to, but Phil was right. Clint kept his hands to himself as well. It was less a matter of self consciousness and more a matter of his disinterest in explaining things to Thor or getting a boisterous celebration hug crushed into his stitched up back. Instead, the archer pressed himself in as close as he could to Phil, making sure that he brushed against the man frequently as they walked. It was all he could do to not try and press his head to Coulson's shoulder as they moved.
"Mm hm," Steve agreed, rolling onto his side so that he could look at Tony. Reality was slowly creeping into his carefully constructed bubble of happiness, but it was still wonderful to be tangled up in bed with Tony. "This is the best night I've had since the last night I spent with you." Despite the sappiness of the words, Steve meant every single one, and he followed them with a gentle kiss. "Just keep in mind that I fully intend to spend all my nights like this or some close variation thereof."
It took Tony a moment to realize what he was being asked, but when he did, he gave the god a wicked smile. "I know I can," he murmured, hands clasping on Loki's waist as he bucked his hips upwards. He knew Loki was manipulating him a little. A lot. It was getting easier and easier to not give a damn, though. Loki touched him in all the right ways, and it was just as intoxicating to watch the god squirm when Tony did something right. //Speaking of which...// He gave Loki's neck a few sharp nips as if to drive the point home.
Steve's breath caught when Tony found the perfect spot. His mouth went slack, and he held on a little tighter to his dark-haired lover. "Tony, that... oh, wow..." If it had felt good before, it felt amazing in that moment.
He sighed and let his hands fall. "Fine. I don't hate you, but I'm sure you can see from my perspective why I'm also not terribly fond of you at the moment."
Logan couldn't help a quiet laugh at that. He turned his head to look at Scott from the corner of his eye. "Maybe." He was pretty sure he should have been bothered by the fact that Nat was playing with his boyfriend's hair, but it didn't worry him. Maybe because he knew Scott wasn't going anywhere. Or maybe just the sense of camaraderie that came from her doting on Scott. Or maybe it was the fact that she was hot as hell. //Probably that one.//
"I think I've already got a few of those tags. And I wasn't leering. I was... appreciating," Clint insisted, reaching back to pull Phil into another kiss as if to emphasize the point. "It's important to appreciate things." He glanced up at the man he was leaning against and gave him a wicked smile. "Sometimes, you just need a little encouragement to appreciate them up close." He looked back to Nat. "When things calm down, don't be surprised to find a bottle the best vodka and chocolate I can get my hands on on your pillow."
Fitz muttered, "Too strong last time, obviously." He tapped at a few keys on the keyboard before raising his gaze to make actual eye contact, "We're hoping with the modifications you could make two, even three shots before you were, er, incapacitated."
Darien felt drunk though he hadn't had nearly enough alcohol to claim that. He was drunk on something else - on sensation, on the pain and pleasure and the bizarre situation. He was honestly glad to have Alan taking what he needed because Darien knew that he couldn't have managed a decent rhythm to save his life. Between Clint's cock rubbing relentlessly against his prostate and Jason's hot mouth on his cock Darien was long past overwhelmed. He came all too soon, his hips jerking back against Clint's while his muscles grasped instinctively at the man's length.
It was perhaps the most adorable thing he'd ever been asked. That Clint Barton, master marksman, was the one asking only made it more precious. Coulson couldn't help smiling as he agreed, "That sounds really nice." He hadn't fed the ducks since he was a kid, and the pure joy on Clint's face made warmth bloom inside him in a way that was miles from appropriate. The ducks spotted them coming a mile away and were soon quacking their way up onto shore to get a shot at the goods. "So is this how Clint Barton spends his afternoons off?"
"Yeah. Happens more than you'd think," Clint replied. He still sounded weak, shaken, but the try at humor made him feel a little better. He tugged at his uniform and realized that the man had, in fact, lost a lot more blood on him than he'd first thought. Clint hadn't been about to tell Steve as much, but Tony had been hurt pretty badly. //He'll be okay now, at least.// "Don't think I can sleep right now, though." By all rights, he should've been able to. He'd been up for two nights straight, following one mission with another. He sighed, feeling awkward with Coulson watching him so intently, the gentle, concerned look on his face that Clint knew all too well.
Steve hesitated. He wondered if there was a wrong answer. He wanted to go without question, but he wasn't sure if Tony wanted him to go. The more he thought about it, the more tired he felt. Finally he answered, "I wouldn't mind the company if you don't." It was less romantic than what he might have liked to say, but it was the best he felt he could do. Even when Tony had been with Pepper, he wasn't exactly touchy feely or romantic in a traditional sense. For the first time Steve found himself wondering if they had a chance in hell of meeting in the middle. //It is way too late to be finally considering that.//
"It's good to see you too," Phil answered honestly despite the aching of his body protesting the rough treatment. He knew that Thor meant it only as affection, and they could both use plenty of that after what they'd been through. "We were worried."
“Yeah, I got that feeling.” Steve stepped in closer. He watched Tony work with a relentless certainty on something he couldn’t identify. There was something beautiful about watching the genius work even though Steve didn’t know the first thing about what Tony was doing. “I’d offer to help, but we both know that’s useless, so instead of me helping you with that,” Steve gestured to the pile of parts, “how about I help you get upstairs to your room?” The unfortunate double entendre caught up with Steve a second later. “I mean… I just mean you should get some rest, Tony. I’m worried about you. I’ve seen you go on a few work benders, but this isn’t healthy.” More than anything, Steve wanted to pick the man up, sling Tony over his shoulder and get him upstairs. “Just… talk to me, at least.”
Tony hadn't missed the rage that flashed across Loki's face, and the laughter that followed it didn't make him much more comfortable. When the god beckoned him closer, he had to remind himself forcefully that he didn't get to say no. "Maybe you don't realize this, but I can be terrified of you while I feel sorry for you. Bruce also kind of terrifies me on his off days," he said, forcing himself to climb onto the bed next to his captor.
Victor leaped out of the way as a massive fist smashed into the concrete right where he'd been a moment before. Digging his claws into tough green flesh, he scaled the Hulk's back like his feline namesake. "Raven! You summoned this thing! You get rid of it!" he roared, dodging his much slower opponent's attempts to catch him, but just barely.
"To deny closure," Bruce said quietly, his voice faintly rough. "Especially to Steve. Just... just to twist the knife."
Clint winced at the options, then smirked. "You might look kinda cute in pink," he decided, pushing an appropriate size into the other man's hands. He grabbed one in camo for himself and popped the tag off before pulling it on. It was snug, but at least it made him a little more decent, cruddy as he felt. Much more concerned with sustenance, he was quickly uncapping a big bottle of Gatorade and guzzling several ounces before shoving it into Phil's hands. He tore into a package of potato chips next, stuffing a handful into his mouth and offering some to his handler.
Logan froze, sniffing at the air. He was about to bark a warning when something large and dark tore past him, catching hold of Clint and carrying him bodily to the top of one of the containers.
Clint frowned. "She's..." His own missteps forgotten for a moment, Clint shook his head. "Phil, she's sick. She's in so much pain she can't even move. Does she really need to go in a cell?" He knew the answer. He just hated to think of Nat going from one cell to another.
Tony murmured contentedly at the kiss to his neck, offering Steve a crooked smile. "Deal. I'm going to go shower, ignore three hundred of Fury's emails, take a nap, then meet you here," Tony agreed. "Maybe or maybe not in that order. I'll also probably throw on some clothes in there somewhere." He gave Steve a sharp slap on the ass, then took a few steps backward down the hallway before turning and walking toward his room.
Normally he would have protested, but he was technically off the clock - as much as anyone ever managed to be in the tower - and ready to relax. Besides, Clint hadn’t exactly asked before dumping it into the coffee, and he wasn’t about to waste the precious caffeine after such a strange day. “Thank you.” Coulson leaned back against the counter and watched as Clint sipped the drink. It was rare to have a moment of peace and quiet. “If you’re shadowing me, should I assume that Agent Romanov is following Stark?”
It was enough to bring a flush to Steve’s cheeks and a smile to his lips. “I know you’re you,” he assured quietly.
More Loki/Tony. The consent is a bit less dubious this time around. Contains more character study than smut, actually. I was surprised too.
"Stockholm syndrome?" He shrugged, thinking for a moment. He hadn't really thought about it, but he really couldn't find it in himself to truly hate Loki. He looked back up at the god as it slowly dawned on him why. Loki wasn't the monster that he feared becoming. He was broken, lonely, and lost. He didn't have a place in any world. For all his godlike powers, he was actually kind of pathetic. "Guess it's hard to hate someone you pity. They kinda cancel each other out."
Natasha nodded. "Not too much. I don't feel crazy, but I wouldn't expect to. If Loki can learn anything through me... I don't want him to. Let's not give him more advantages than he has already."
Fury nodded in return and let his posture and expression soften somewhat. He looked to Clint not with accusation but with curiosity. "You visited Agent Romanov?"
Steve moaned his lover's name and lost all real sense of rhythm. With his legs trembling, Steve found himself relying on Tony to set the pace for them both. That was just fine, as it turned out, since Tony definitely knew what he was doing. "Tony, I'm... I..." Cock trapped between their bodies, Steve came so hard and so fast the he didn't even finish the warning before he was shaking and gasping.
Scott all but screamed his lover's name as he came over the comforter. His ass clenched hard around Logan's cock. He forced his eyes open at the sound of Natasha crying out as well. He'd beat her by only a few seconds. While Logan continued to thrust into his over-sensitive body, Scott watched as she arched off the bed and moaned her release for the second time that night.
"Hmm... big, gorgeous blonde teddy bear to cuddle all night?" Tony tugged Steve close and pressed a steamy kiss to the  taller man's lips, heedless of the security cameras he knew were in the elevator. "I think I'm alright with that." The elevator slid to a halt, and Tony more or less dragged his companion to his suite. "But gotta sleep. Not up for more fooling around. Yet." Tony practically walked out of his clothes and into the bedroom, flopping into the massive bed and holding his arms out. "Hold me? Kinda cold in here."
Darien swallowed hard. He couldn't resist letting his gaze move down to Clint's tongue curling against Nat's sex. Seeing her naked did less than nothing for him, but watching Clint work was sexy as hell.
Natasha's eyes fluttered open, and she stared hard at the man. "Budapest," she whispered, swallowing hard before continuing, "tell me... tell me what happened." She needed to know that it was really Clint, and in the moment it made sense. Her head still aching, throat still dry, Nat needed to know that the man holding her hand was Clint and not some projection of him. "Something... please..." The words came out broken, whispers that sounded almost like sobs as her hand convulsively closed around his.
"I'm going, too. By the way," Clint added, shifting uneasily when the rest of the table turned their gazes on him. "I owe Loki a few times over this time."
"That is a very good point, actually." It was overwhelming to realize that the way they felt was mutual. Tony really was in love with him. It wasn't a dream or a joke. Steve lay his head down on the other man's chest to listen to the steady beat of Tony's heart. "Get some sleep. Maybe in the morning I'll let you get out of bed." It was almost laughable as threats went. Steve definitely wasn't in any position to physically stop Tony from doing anything. He felt relatively certain of his ability to keep the man in bed, however, if it really came down to it, and there wasn't any strength needed for the task. "Love you," he murmured, already drifting into sleep.
Victor smirked, his hand running over Phil's exposed chest. He paused a moment to shrug off his long coat, leaving him in a black shirt and jeans. "You've got a lot of guts for such a little shit. Lot of spirit." His claws ripped through the back of Phil's shirt, leaving the tatters of it hanging from the agent's arms. "It's gonna be fun to break you," he growled, pressing close to Phil, grinding himself against the man's ass.
Coulson covered his face with his hands and cursed whatever stupidity had persuaded him to keep Natasha and Clint as his assets for so many years. Most people had the sense to cycle out, to try new teams. Most people didn't put themselves in these situations. "I hate you, Barton."
It took a beat and a little deep breathing before Coulson coaxed his feet into making the last few steps into the room. If he hadn't seen Steve's full files before, he might not have recognized the frail figure on the bed. Pale and gaunt, the man lying there looked worlds away from Captain America. He'd expected a lot of things, but none of them quite measured up to the reality. Coulson willed himself to remain as calm as humanly possible and pushed Tony up to the man's bedside, wondering what the hell Stark could be thinking. The oxygen mask and the IV were bad enough, but coupled with the state of the man himself, Coulson was only barely managing to keep his own hands from shaking as he held fast to the handles of the chair.
Drawing himself up straight, Steve took a step closer. "Hello. I don't suppose your boss has any messages about what he wants?"
Fitz nodded his somber agreement with that. Even without the serum, he had the distinct impression that Steve Rogers could find a way to hurt them rather badly if it came down to it. "Sir, do you think we might have one of the suits to work with directly? That might make working out some of the interactions a bit less... theoretical."
Seating himself at the room's computer terminal, Logan quickly banged out a report of what had happened with a few key facts left out. He knew better than to admit that he'd voluntarily allowed Loki to rummage around in his head. The story that Loki had threatened Romanov seemed much more likely to be believed. The lie came rather easily, in fact. //What SHIELD don't know keeps them off my balls.//
Clint grinned. The heat was already making him sweat, but getting into the shade was a help. "We're gonna be a sight when we finally do hit civilization," he remarked. The two of them looked like they'd hitched a ride on the underside of an eighteen wheeler. He scanned their surroundings while they sat, hoping to find something that could help them. Walking steadily, they'd be able to make it to the electric pole he'd spotted overnight. Whether there'd be any help to be found there was another question altogether. Having supplies would be a boost if they didn't find any support.
Logan snorted. "Understatement. I've seen moms with a half dozen kids worry less." His eyes narrowed, though, as he picked up strains of the conversation from the next room. He wondered if he'd be able to get any credibility over Clint and Natasha. It seemed to him that he should have a chance. Neither had exactly come out as well off from their encounters with Loki as Logan had. Deciding he'd worry about what happened with that later, he turned his attention back to the two in the room with him. "Seriously. His other mutant ability is hypertension."
Coulson nodded his understanding, though he honestly had zero intention of trying to separate the pair. It got rid of the doctor. "Tony, I can wait outside if you'd like a minute."
"You sound so confident. How could I ever doubt it?" Scott responded drily. "Besides, it's not true. You're not dumb. You pretend to be dumb. That's why you frustrated me so much on the team. You have this," he gestured vaguely, "this persona. If you really were just a dumb berserker, that would be one thing, but you're pretty goddamn smart, and that made you dangerous. To me, anyway. It changed the game too much. I'd gotten kind of used to being a big fish in a small pond. You stay where you've always been, and it's comfortable. People know you, they respect you just because you're there. Just for staying. Once I noticed all that, I guess that's when I started thinking maybe I needed to stop staying. I started realizing maybe I needed to be someplace where I had to be good enough, not just be there."
"As long as it's not Up. That is not trauma-proof." Scott caught Logan's raised eyebrow and shrugged. "I cried. Like a baby. Multiple times. I can't help it if you're made out of stone." He curled into Logan's side despite his griping and used the man's shoulder as a convenient pillow. "And Toy Story. Still love those, though. Just... this is a good choice. Nemo. Despite the dead mom thing. What is it with Disney and dead parents?"
Ignoring the taunt, Victor tossed Coulson a set of handcuffs that looked distinctly alien. "Put 'em on." Once the man had complied, he gestured for Phil to come closer. Drawing out the device that Loki had supplied him with, he pulled the agent in enough to use it on the three of them, and they were gone.
Clint shuddered, rolling up to all fours and puking up what little was in his stomach. He stayed there, eyes squeezed shut, shivering as he tried to keep from breaking down completely.
The teasing was fine by Scott. He was hot and hard, but that would keep. He was just as interested in seeing all of Logan and enjoying the process of getting where they were going. "Y'know, this couch is becoming our official fuck spot. Maybe we should mix it up, actually go have sex in bed. That would be kinky for us." Scott didn't really care where they had sex as long as they did have sex. As long as he got to keep pawing at Logan like it was going out of style, he was a happy man.
Bucky frowned. It was a sore subject and one he wasn't comfortable talking about - not even with Steve. Despite his wariness, Bucky padded across to the table and took a seat. "I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you," he started. "Because I still don't remember anything." It was the truth. Besides a few flashes here and there, Bucky's memory amounted to a blank slate. "Steve's been trying to help, but all I get are headaches."
"A look around his head… which doesn't sound better," Steve admitted. "Unfortunately since even Logan doesn't know what he knows, it's impossible to say what Loki was looking for." At least thinking about it was getting Tony's mind off of being injured and disgruntled at the temporary captivity. "Could've been anything."
"You might not be entirely wrong. Did I mention I actually lost my virginity in a car at a concert? I'm starting to worry it might be a fetish." He laughed and tried to breathe through the hazy fog of want wrapping him up tight. "Maybe we should go get food. If I keep kissing you, this will get extremely inappropriate extremely fast." He was already on his way to it being awkward to get up and walk at all. Anymore heady kisses from Clint and all bets would be off.
Nick Fury shook his head. "Not yet. But he's just going to keep throwing a temper tantrum until we give him attention, so that's what we're going to do. He wants a spanking? We'll give him one."
"It's new," Steve allowed, glancing back at Tony and wishing they'd had time to talk about it all together before they had to face the firing squad. "We're still figuring things out. The most important thing at the end of the day is the team. What happens with us... we have to make sure it's good for the Avengers too."
Thor seemed oblivious to the pair's proximity, instead offering Clint a wince-inducing slap on the back as they left. "It is good to see you as well, friend Hawk. We must talk of our exploits over good drink when things are more calm. Perhaps I could bring you to Asgard and let you test your mettle against the bilgesnipe!"
Tony looked as if he'd just noticed that the archer was in the room. "Don't you have a spanking to get to?" When Clint opened his mouth to protest, Tony held up a hand. "Before you say anything stupid, remember I managed to get into SHIELD's database, and you have a really interesting psych profile. Maybe we should-"
"I'm not sure I can get used to him sober," Logan muttered, glancing at Stark. "Don't think I wanna see 'im drunk."
"We haven't had time. And your brother took off with his corpse." Logan raised his eyebrows as Thor's expression immediately shifted to anger. //Someone's full of feelings.//
Steve nodded firmly. "That means Iron Man, Banner, you're with me." He trusted both men, and more than that, he trusted Tony to help if anything went wrong with the Hulk. For whatever reason, even as a "big green rage monster," as Tony liked to call him, Iron Man seemed to be a soft spot for Hulk. That was just fine by Steve. "Remember, we're going to keep him from hurting anyone - not to get ourselves hurt." His gaze lingered for a moment on Clint and Phil across the room. "No one's got permission to come back injured. This fight's going to take more than one round knowing Loki, and I need all of you. Any questions?"
The sound of Steve crying out so desperately was enough to force Tony to slow for a moment to keep from cumming right then. The copious amount of precum soaking his fingers was enough to tell him that it had been an earnest reaction. "That's probably good," he breathed, hips barely moving against his lover, "because I'm pretty sure I can't get enough of you saying my name like that." Tony stilled then, taking a moment to raise a hickey on Steve's neck before he whispered, "Let's get you and this couch good and messy..." He started thrusting in earnest then, driving for Steve's prostate, squeezing the blonde's cock just hard enough to keep it from being painful and digging the fingers of his free hand into the couch for leverage.
"Well... almost," Clint decided, his expression turning more grim as he remembered his fellows back at the tower. Unwilling to be the one who wrecked the mood, he glanced over at Phil, then smirked as he realized the man was sitting on his ass, surrounded by squabbling ducks. There was something patently absurd about the usually reserved agent in jeans, t-shirt, and glasses that tickled Clint. The smirk turned into a laugh, and Clint rocked back onto his butt and tossed the last of his duck food a good distance away, sending the birds scrambling for it. "Figured I better save you before 'perfect' turned to 'covered in duck shit'." He leaned back on his hands and grinned at Phil. "Though it would've made for a great Tumblr pic."
Steve beamed at the idea. Fighting alongside Bucky would go a long way toward healing the strangeness of it all. His smile faltered as he thought of what the team might think of it. What Tony might think. “We’ll see. I’d like that,” Steve added hurriedly. “It’s not my call alone. We’re a team. Of course, we’re not much of one while Tony isn’t speaking to me.” He knew the words sounded petulant and stupid, but Bucky had seen him lower than anyone else still living. Unlike most of the Avengers, Steve knew Bucky could see him at his worst as well as his best and still have some respect for him the next day. “I’m not sure how to make him stop hiding.”
"I'm gonna hold you to that. New York scared me too, and I barely liked you at the time." Steve felt sick just thinking about the moments of certainty that Tony works never open his eyes again. He put a hand over Tony's heart to feel the pulse of it. "I know you're tough. I just hate seeing you hurt. Upside is that at least now I get to kiss it better."
Logan was about to growl at Stark to move it or lose it all when the man shifted back to rub his ass against Logan's cock. //Like that, is it?// Instinct easily overrode any higher emotions, and Logan placed steadying hands on Tony's waist.
Phil let out a shuddering breath. Just the touch to that harsh reminder of their captivity made his eyes tear up. "I hate that it happened, especially after... after what Loki did to you before." He turned his head to kiss the side of Clint's head. "I wanted to protect you. That's... I'm supposed to be able to do that." Speaking the thought gave it form, but it also felt better being honest about the perceived failure.
"Coulson, you tell me I'm bad at following directions," Clint grunted, managing to back away from Victor a bit further. He'd lost a few of the arrow heads in the scuffle, including the acid rounds that were most effective against Creed. The hulking mutant stood between Hawkeye and a decent escape route, and with his handler backed in there with him, just leaving wasn't an option, anyway.
Clint couldn't help but grin a little. "Well, I don't know what all the rules used to be, but I'd guess the biggest change is something you've already encountered... namely, you don't have to go on a bunch of dates before you go for a roll in the hay." He shrugged. "Other than that, I'd say do whatever strikes you, at least as far as this company goes. Stark does, and it hasn't killed him yet. But, y'know, if you need any specifics, I'm happy to help. I'll leave it to you to ask, though. Somehow, I suspect you embarrass a little easier than I do." Granted, he'd love to give Steve a few more pointers on the matter, but he had little doubt that Steve was too old-fashioned to consider any "hands-on" training.
Logan reminded himself that Scott hadn't even been around as he reached for a shot. "Kinda might have to agree with that," he said, though he really hoped Scott wouldn't ask for details. It sounded like an awkward proposition to have to explain that to his lover. He then tilted his head at Nat, smirking a little. "Is that part of the training for you guys? Startin' to get the feelin' that's just how business is done around here."
Having stripped down to slacks and a sleeveless undershirt, Tony grinned as he moved in on his companions once more. "The warm glow of my heart. Well, the thing that's keeping my heart from getting torn apart by shrapnel, at least. You might say I run on batteries. Oh, and it also powers the suit."
Bucky could not argue with Coulson's logic. SHIELD had the resources to handle his particular problem, even if Bucky did not like the idea of being put down like a dog whenever he acted up. "Okay, you've convinced me," he begrudgingly admitted. "I'll stay." Sometimes Bucky had the impression that SHIELD just wanted to use him. What would happen when he remembered everything about Hydra and SHIELD no longer had any use for him? "Besides, I doubt Steve would even notice if I did leave," he murmured half to himself.
"I think that’s a fair request," Scott agreed. He smiled as another realization rolled over him. "This is pretty much my favorite date ever." With Jean he'd always felt like he was trying to play a very specific role and failing more often than not. With Logan he felt at ease.
Bucky felt as if an enormous weight had lifted off his shoulders. He could not have faced any of this alone and, even if he and Steve weren’t together like he wanted, Bucky found comfort in knowing his friend would always been by his side. “Thanks. Thank you, Steve,” he said softly. “I mean it.” Covering Steve’s hand with his own, Bucky offered a gentle squeeze. Even an innocent act such as that brought on a rush of desire. He quickly tamped it down, flushing warmly as he cleared his throat. “So, these boxes?” Bucky indicated them with a slight nod of his head. “We should do something about them, yeah?”
Tony grinned, piling onto the couch next to Steve and immediately throwing an arm around his shoulders. "I think you've had enough cold, Capsicle," he decided, pressing his lips to the blonde's forehead before taking another sip of wine. "Which is why, when we're done saving the world for at least a few minutes, we're going to a cabin in the mountains of Colorado, where I'm keeping a fire going and you're not leaving until spring."
The smell of coffee and the hour reaching his usual wake up time combined to rouse Phil reluctantly from his sleep. He turned over in bed and slowly sat up. And then remembered that at some point the night before, he'd stumbled half dressed to his door and talked to Clint. Phil slapped his hands over his face and groaned. Silently he prayed Clint had been as out of it as he was and settled for grabbing a shirt before he left the room again. It was a slight improvement, anyway. He ducked out to see Clint casually leaning against the counter looking better than anyone had a right to so early in the morning. "Morning. I, uh... sorry if I was less than put together last night. Painkillers knock me out. And sorry about being not entirely, uh, dressed."
Victor chuckled, a chilling sound. "You don't get to manipulate me, suit. I'm in control here," he rumbled, using thumb and forefinger claws to snap the button off of Phil's slacks and then hooking his finger over the zipper to push it down. He leaned most of his weight against Phil, pressing him hard into the cold wall. His breath puffed harder against Phil's neck, his cock beginning to press against his captive's ass. Tangling a clawed hand in Phil's hair, he tugged the man's head to the side and bit hard into the join between his neck and shoulder. He wanted to make sure that, when he finally left the two alone for awhile, the archer had something to remind him quite specifically of who had been using Coulson.
"It's a strong step in the right direction," Jemma agreed, "and if any of the difficulties he encounters are chemical rather than, well, magical, we should be able to help even more." Psychology was a long way from her area of expertise, and the same was certainly true of whatever properties Asgardian technology dealt with. A chemical imbalance or other true scientific interruption of Clint's normal bodily functions was a puzzle she could work to solve, especially with Bruce and Fitz working on the problem as well. "What do you say we take a stroll through the park before we head back? I think a bit of fresh air might do us good."
Tony couldn't help but grin broadly at the rough grab at his ass. "You're cute when you're impatient," he decided, pressing his lips to Steve's as his fingers skillfully unfastened the man's jeans completely blind. Shoving the rough fabric down around Steve's thighs along with the blonde's underwear, Tony slid his hand down Steve's lean stomach to palm his cock, watching bright blue eyes. It fascinated him to no end to watch the bright hues darken with arousal.
Tony's hands roamed Steve's body, exploring, refamiliarizing himself with his lover. The blonde was small, but he didn't feel as delicate as he looked. There was a sort of with resilience to him. It figured, really, considering that Steve would have likely pushed himself to the absolute limits of whatever body he was in. Pushing Steve over onto his back, Tony pressed himself against the blonde's side, his fingers trailing down Steve's chest, his stomach, finally tracing over his lover's cock as he watched Steve's face. "Love the way you look when you're turned on," he murmured, leaning in for a kiss.
"Whatever they have my be so innate it's beyond them too. Like the tesseract. It couldn't have come from Hydra itself. They were no more advanced than we are. Less before they wiped out," Jemma reasoned, frowning at the words on the screen as she read through them over Bruce's shoulder. "Perhaps some measure of genetic mutation. Loki should never have been able to absorb the force of that weapon and survive, let alone come out of it without any injuries." It troubled her that he looked so normal. There had been not so much as a scratch on him, and self-proclaimed god or not, Jemma found it difficult to understand. "There has to be another factor. Thor said that Loki was adopted? Do we know anything about that? About what his real heritage is?"
For his part, Bruce remained quiet, simply working to keep himself as calm as he could. The last thing anyone needed was for the Other Guy to make an unscheduled appearance. It was strangely easy to calm himself when he let his mind drift to Jemma. He smiled quietly at the thought of her face lighting up when she talked about her projects, the way she blushed when he kissed her.
A flicker of movement darted through some of the perfectly trimmed hedges nearby, and Clint had drawn and fired an arrow before Logan had time to stop him. The feral mutant watched along with Clint as some endangered-looking antelope flailed and shrieked as it bled out.
Shocked at the touch, Steve let out a gasp. He looked back over his shoulder at the man and felt a rush all over again at the thought that Tony was totally and exclusively his. "That... oh, that... don't stop," he murmured, obviously pleased to the point of being barely able to vocalize his thoughts at all. He could only think about Tony's clever tongue gently urging him open and about what would come next.
Slipping out of the cell, he quickly moved to Scott's and waited while Natasha keyed it open. Knowing the man couldn't see him, he announced himself. Logan didn't take the time to explain himself to Scott. He told Scott to stay still and keep the blindfold on in his most commanding voice, then went through the sequence of buttons as precisely as he could. //This is gonna hurt,// he thought, pulling the trigger. It didn't, in fact. Not for several seconds. Then it got hard to breathe. Hard to see. Hard to think. Soon enough, Logan was sagging to the cell floor. He could tell his heart had stopped. It wasn’t a new feeling. Logan sank quietly to the floor, the gun clattering on the cold metal as Logan faded.
"Or, better yet, I'll come over here and find you directly." Scott let his arms slide up around Logan's neck and tried to assure himself that they were okay. There was nothing to worry about. Logan was himself. He held fast to that idea and kissed Logan again as if to seal the internal pact. "And no one said conjugal visits are off the menu either. If you're interested at some point." Scott paused. "You're still a terrible influence, though. I'm supposed to be doing some kind of computer training to get all my security access with SHIELD set up."
Steve could feel the tension radiating off of Clint without even trying. He wasn't as sure as Fury that the hammer was the sole cause, but he could see it just the same. "I'm gonna go do a welfare check. You two try to get a little rest. You're not going to help anybody working yourselves until you can't see straight."
Tony swallowed hard, wondering if he was doing the right thing in encouraging Loki to stay. He was pretty sure Loki didn't need to be rejected yet again, and he was also wondering if Clint and Phil would be able to even tolerate the god's presence in the tower. He leaned against Steve, wishing desperately that they could slip away and have some private time together to reassure one another that they were both real and alive and healthy.
Natasha caught the last of the confession as she set down three trays, apparently unbothered by the burden. "That is good news." She sounded cool and collected, but a faint smile turned up the corners of her lips. "We'd be happy to have you back out in the fray with us, Cap."
Clint shook his head and gestured for the pair to follow, pausing as he got to the doorway and looking back at the two. "Uhm, were you two...?"
Scott sank to his knees quietly and took Clint Duran to the base. It didn't matter anymore why he wanted the man, just that he did. He wanted to get Clint off, and he wanted to cum again himself until he forgot the man who'd been his lover that morning. The world was hazy and vibrant and confused, and Scott wanted to forget.
Clint fought to keep his breathing level. "What if... What if I only used it the once? Just killed Loki with it, then we put it back in the Fridge and I never see it again?" he asked tensely, sounding desperate.
In which Tony should be rest, Steve should probably be saying no, and they're both failing miserably
"First of all, please keep in mind that I can poison you anytime I want if I'm doing the cooking. Secondly, I told you before: I consider it an essential skill for anyone living alone. I decided early on that it was never a good idea to count on someone else to take care of me. Our line of work doesn't often allow for it." Coulson shrugged as if the philosophy wasn't one of the more depressing ones he held dear. "Besides, I like to eat. I honestly don't understand going to the gym if you don't have anything to burn off."
