“With all due respect sir, no he does not. Detective Inspector, this is a matter of national security and we are not in a secure location. I am authorised to confiscate any and all methods of communication you have but I have held back from doing so out of courtesy. Mr. Holmes does not want you to feel like prisoners.”
‘Why are you doing this to me?’ the voice was quiet but no one would deny the presence of anger in it.
“One day the Knight had a very bad dream and he took himself to the gardens early. He walked along the same path lost in his thoughts until an old friend called his name.
Listening to you bring yourself pleasure, picturing you standing alone under that spray and manipulating your cock; pumping it, regulating the pressure, did you thrust into it John? Did you hold your penis in a tight grip and thrust; imaging it was some woman's pretty wet vagina or slick mouth? Did you slip sometimes and drop your stubborn and hurtful façade of heterosexuality? Did you imagine a man John? A man's mouth? A man's arse? The pressure and friction of rubbing against another man's rock hard erection? Did you come to that fantasy John?
The first year Sherlock gives him a paper origami bee and besides thinking it's pretty cute John puts it in his bedside table and forgets about it.
‘They’re likely undercover officers come to secure the location and the witnesses, you know this happens sometimes.’ He can tell she’s still bristling but she makes no more moves to confront the men.
(See the end of the chapter for
The two,fully suited men, came back to the room, although Mr Jones, the social worker, seemed unwilling to follow Mycroft, he stood wavering on the threshold and John wondered if the look the man now wore on his face was in any way similar to the one John had hours earlier. He supposed his had looked less like he was being forced to smell something decaying;
“Alright, a little on the posh side for what I would go with but it works. So yes, it’s been a bit of a joke and I’ve not been happy. I think everyone knows that, even me.”
‘Yep, signed, sealed, delivered, they’re hers.’
Mycroft noted how Mitrović’s muscles bulged as he tested the strength of his bindings, jerking the chain tight causing an audible rattle.
“No leather but yes, I would imagine you have been.”
“Yes.”
‘What’s funny mate?’ Greg sounds bemused and John thinks he must look crazy laughing at seemingly nothing, should he point out that Mycroft looks to have gone three rounds in some stable or not.
I've been stuck somewhere between a heavy workload, family drama and moving that writing has just taken a back seat and that will likely continue for at least a month while I get my life back together but honestly your feedback keep me coming back and opening the file this story is saved as in my computer. This story will get finished, there's more to come.
In this chapter we have mentions of drugs use and sexual contact while under the influence.
We dabbled with manual and oral stimulation before I agreed to being penetrated. Victor had no interest in ‘bottoming’ he informed me but he greatly wanted to lay claim to this facet of my sexuality. I have to admit that I found it mostly unpleasant. I had enjoyed the brief experiments we under took with oral sex a great deal and when Victor told me the pressure would be something akin to the stretch my jaw experienced (which I found pleasant enough) but intensified I was drawn in. I, of course, now realise he was lying but I was sixteen and thought myself very much in love.
‘Car will be ready in two minutes as requested, the report will arrive on my desk in one. I will be accompanying you in the car, as will David. Will you be entering the station?’
John pocketed his phone, his eyes stayed focused on the front door the desire to investigate was becoming even more insistent, if Sherlock had been here he'd have been telling him his life now lacked danger, he lacked the outlet for his excess energy and adrenaline, he recognised it himself, that same desire for a fight that had followed him since adolescence.
‘It is worth stating before this conversation begins that I have explained the basics of Mina’s previous life to my parents, in as much detail as we have, no one in this room is under any misconceptions as to the life she must have been subject too before coming to D.I. Lestrade’s attention and then into John’s care.’
Sherlock
‘Well I suppose they did send Monkey’s into space so we could do worse.’ His attempt at humour leads to Mycroft’s patented “you mere mortals look” but John’s started seeing it as some form of thinly veiled affection so he doesn’t take offence at its appearance.
Sherlock looked up. "She's fine now. Needed a nappy change."
“I don’t know how to do this...”
“What?” Mycroft asked.  John’s extended silence had apparently lulled him into a false sense of victory because John’s determined expression was clearly unexpected.
‘Honestly I’d love the distraction John and it would be good to see you and Mina.’ John thought he heard a touch of sadness in the way Greg stated this, he should make more of an effort to include the man in events and activities, they used to spend every Thursday evening at the pub together after all.
‘I can’t,’ having now entered the room John’s knees seem to give out around the edge of the sofa. ‘What do we do?’
‘I don’t know how much she’d learn but it’s definitely cool’ he looks back to Tammy to find her smiling broadly.
‘Thank you Mycroft’
Dutifully Mina stretched down towards him and with a slight crouch from Greg Mina was transferred to John’s hip. She snuggled into his side, ending up with her loose curls tucked under his chin, one hand wrapped tightly in his scarf and the other curled in front of her mouth. John felt the hand moving and could picture her running her thumb lightly across her bottom lip just as she did before falling asleep each evening. He had wondered, on the first few occasions that he had noticed it, right in the middle of their more melancholy initial weeks, why she would do this so religiously. It was not that self soothing was so unusual for children Mina’s age, it was more that at that point anything John deemed to be stifling her making noise put him on edge. Now he accepted it as one of her quirks; something unconscious she did to make herself happy or calm and John would support any and every one of those. Her GP had informed him, with good humour, that it was possible he was over analysing the behaviour of his eighteen month old but he refused to see it that way.
“Nah man, I have the opposite problem really. I like my world to feel realistic. I like to see the flaws. That’s not to say I don’t have fantasy moments though.”  John cringed when he realised quite how the word fantasy could be interpreted.
So he sits and unloads the washing basket onto the table, removing his jacket he starts organising the clothes into categories, he divided by owner , then by clothing classification from there he divided by occasion for John, casual, work, social and for Mina he went with a more functionality system, sleep wear, day wear, there was one example of something Mycroft would consider formal for a child, a white dress with large black dots, it seemed to be cotton in material but had little sleeves which would only cover the top of the child’s shoulder, he would not have guessed John would purchase her something of this ilk he had noticed the doctor straying away from anything too overtly gendered, Mina was more often than not in dungarees and a t-shirt when he visited, he had to admit the clothing was practical and allowed Mina a ease of movement he could not see a dress allowing.
“Because I WANT TO TELL YOU THE STORY.” The sound of the chains rattling filled the room once more. “Just listen.” Mitrović dragged the ‘s’ in the last word out into a hiss. The tilt of his head reminded Mycroft vividly of Moriarty, it was the tilt of the head and the wide eyes that truly bought the thought to the forefront of his mind.
Lunch is full of good humour and happy faces, the local sports bar Samuel’s does good food and half of the Met can be found there at lunchtimes, the pool and darts tournaments provide enough completion to maintain rivalries across departments but Greg never gets involved, he’s not bad at pool but with Sally and Claire representing them they’ve managed to win seven out of the eight matches they’ve had this year, the other teams may throw banter around that it’s because they get distracted by pretty girls bending over but Sally and Claire know they win by skill and if he’s honest watching Sally rip into the misogynistic attitudes of his co-workers makes him happier than it should, the woman takes no prisoners when it comes to asserting herself amongst her counterparts, she’s ruthless in a way which loses her more friends than she keeps but she’s always worked hard and in reality Greg knows she’s battling to save people. The victims of the crimes they investigate always have a defender in her.
They stand in the kitchen, John juggling Mina and directing on which cupboards belong to each food group. Opening the one which always belonged to cans and the good biscuits John hid from Sherlock’s post case sugar binges Lisa pulls down glass beakers, Bunsen burners and gleaming Petri dishes.
My John
“Yes, I suppose I did but I only asked because I didn’t like the things being around. So many of the lads were addicts. I just thought it was so much temptation for them.”
https://twitter.com/MaryJane221b
John doesn't know what to do. He cancels his date with the pretty blonde nurse from his new surgery, Mary, and instead begins transcribing his and Sherlock's adventure's into the impressive tomes pages.
“There is nothing and nobody on this planet that could take her and keep her.”
Mina’s out of ear shot so he doesn’t feel too bad for calling Greg a wanker through his laughter before hanging up.
The bark of Greg’s laughter sounds distinctly bitter to John’s ear. ‘Not bloody likely, mate. I handed her the divorce papers yesterday evening and of course she’s playing the victim. I could honestly use a good distraction, so if you don’t mind me not being at my best, I’d happily hijack your family Saturday.’
He makes some token noises of protest when Sherlock starts manhandling him up against the bar and John manages to get himself into a slumped sitting position where Sherlock can kneel over him and try to perform checks for concussion while John giggles at the way Sherlock’s curls bounce when he pulls on them lightly.
Mycroft watched his mind still floating in something akin to limbo as Mitrović spat a mouthful of blood in Anthea’s direction.
“‘Sir Knight, Sir Knight,’ the friend called and the knight stopped and talked to the man, who asked him how he liked the city. The Knight said he liked it very much but wanted to live somewhere else. What the Knight didn’t tell his friend was that he was very lonely and he missed his fellow knights very much.
Mycroft felt his cheeks heating with embarrassment as he noted his mistake. The unidentified secretary on the intercom would be getting demoted for this, Gregory Lestrade was supposed to be announced by name; as all personal calls were, not sprung on him. As such he had failed to successfully repress the emotions the Detective Inspectors voice elicited in him; a deep throbbing in his gut, the feeling of liquid lust the mere sound of the mans voice caused every time they interacted. This would never have gotten past Anthea without proper warning and prepping arriving on the his desk.
Unfortunately, Sherlock was flying after him, and when John looked back, he had a determined look on his face. This was not good. At all.
“You can’t see Sherlock
Sherlock’s worried voice entered his head,
Sherlock shook his head, stretching out on the bed, seemingly completely comfortable being naked.
Mrs Holmes grinned. “Perfect. We’ll send you a note as to where you and him can meet so that no-one will be able to see you,” she said. “Mycroft will come along too.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow playfully as they crossed into the bathroom, “Oh? I think I should meet him and tell him to keep his hands off of my Omega,” Sherlock teased, leaning down and nuzzling John before sitting in the bath with John between his legs.
John peeked into the fridge and found that the lovely lady had stocked it up for him. Pleased, he took out lots of food. John planned on making eggs, bacon and French toast. Before his heat, he hadn’t wanted to eat, and now he was absolutely starving. Maybe he’d make pancakes as well.
Sherlock hummed in interest, bending down and running his nose along John’s neck, inhaling deeply. “You smell fantastic. I can smell everything in the room, the food, the water, myself. But mostly you. And your worry,” Sherlock murmured against John’s skin, his tone curious. “Oh, you smell delicious, John. Positively edible. It’s even better when it’s overlaid with my own scent like this.”
“Love you too,” John sighed, resigned, “I’ll come visit you.”
Belong to
He flattened out on Sherlock, letting himself put his full weight on Sherlock. Sherlock’s hand twitched again, and John continued whispering soothingly to his mate and stroking his hair and body as much as he could reach. He reassured Sherlock with his scent, voice and weight, waiting patiently for his Alpha to rouse.
“Our child,” Sherlock agreed, straightening and bringing John in to a heated kiss.
After walking a few blocks, the hairs on the back of his neck prickled and John turned his head just in time to see a tall figure slink out of view. Ah. So, Sherlock was following him? Well, whatever. As long as he didn’t mess anything up for him, John didn’t mind much. As much as John loved Sherlock, he needed a break from him every now and then. Being constantly around Sherlock drove him bonkers.
John awoke with a soft noise to soft lips pressing against his own. His eyes fluttered open, and he relaxed again as he saw Sherlock. John pulled back and yawned. He rubbed at his eyes sleepily. Sherlock was smiling warmly at him, and kissed John’s cheek before sitting up.
Sherlock told him, easing back with his prize and clambering back up John’s arm gracefully and returning to his previous position, his tail staying lightly curled around John’s arm.
*.*.*.*.*
! You would never understand that,” he shot at her angrily, pulling away from beside her and flying up, to some distant cloud, and his sister left him alone to cry.
He cut the plastic packaging and took out all four raw steaks, placing them on the plate. They were rather large, so he cut them all in half. “You are
They solved crimes together, chased down criminals together, and everything was absolutely perfect. John loved Sherlock with all his heart, and he knew that his Alpha loved him in return.
“What? My old house?” John asked, surprised.
So, John started testing how far he could go before Sherlock got antsy and called him back. On this particular crime scene, John was standing almost all the way back at where the crime scene tape was. He’d crept back slowly whilst Sherlock was distracted over the body, and Greg was with him as they chatted idly while they waited for Sherlock to share his deductions.
John nods, determined. “Yes,” he says, pushing the fear aside, focusing on his need to get Sherlock back.
They’re silent for a moment, and then Sherlock’s hands tighten on John’s waist. John glances up at him, and Sherlock smiles. “Welcome home, John.”
charm the registration witches are using skitters over his skin and makes his ears hurt, but he ignores it, forces himself to go to the reception area and ask for John’s room. Nobody gives him a second glance; nobody knows who he is, but he’s inundated by the magic coming off the throngs of people around him, by the strange magic of all their injuries and ailments.
John tips back the rest of his glass of wine. This is mad.
“Now you’ll get to see a real fortuneteller,” Sherlock says. He reaches over John and takes Billy, settling him on the couch on his other side.
“Mm,” Sherlock says. “It felt good,” he surprises himself by adding. He blames it on the wine.
,” John says. “Of course you are. We’re getting a divorce.”
!” Sherlock says. His voice is rising, and his breath is getting faster. “It happened! I want John! I want my nutcracker! I want him now! Please, he’s my
“Oh bloody hell, you lunatic, I’ll cook,” John says, taking the bags off the floor and heading into the kitchen. Once there, he puts his hands on his hips and surveys the area, letting out a huff of exasperation. He wouldn’t be surprised to find out Sherlock survives on nothing but the pipe he smokes, the contents of which John is curious about but not quite willing to ask after just yet; he can only take so many shocks.
Again, Sherlock feels flushed, caught out and unsure because of the way he’d been staring. He needs to get himself under control, he knows, but he’s having trouble. He clears his throat. “I needed the drawer,” he says.
John huffs a laugh. “Yeah, getting a cold. Should I be surprised you know that?”
And then John runs, pulling Sherlock along behind him, and Sherlock has no time to worry. Instead, he follows John, exhilaration and joy bubbling up inside him and quickly overtaking his fear. This is an adventure unlike any he’s ever had, after all!
Sherlock narrows his eyes at John. “Consider me married to my work,” he says.
“Oh, no,” John says. “I’m not –“
She smiles at Sherlock, tucking a strand of blond hair behind her ear. “Will you be getting a reading, too?” she asks.
“We have somewhere to go,” Sherlock says, ignoring John’s question as usual. “But we can’t leave until it’s dark.”
Sherlock freezes where he’s bent over the box of ingredients, mentally reviewing everything he’s noticed about John so far and assessing whether or not it could be possible. He stands up slowly, looking John over once more. “I play the violin,” he tells him. “Quite often, and sometimes at night. I also almost always have potions experiments going in the kitchen, some of which are quite… dangerous. There are times I don’t talk, sometimes for days. Is that a problem?”
“John!” Moriarty says, his eyes wide in delight as his voice echoes through the room. “You found me! And, oh, you’ve brought
John sighs, resting his hand on the counter and staring down for a minute, letting out a long exhale.  “Right, I’m doing a job for this bloke,” he says.
“Go on, then, Sherlock sounds impatient,” the skull says. “Bring me upstairs.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says breathlessly.
John startles, feeling like he’s been caught doing something wrong. “I thought you were sleeping,” he says.
“Most Muggle-borns love Hogwarts,” Sherlock says. “You didn’t?”
him, I don’t know why she was apologizing. She looked like she was practically in tears…it was a bit strange, actually,” he admits. “When he – you know. When he – when he
“Nothing to talk about,” Sherlock says.  “He’s not worth the breath.”
A furry, snakelike creature tumbles out, with a tiny face like a fox on one end. It has small pointed ears and a little pointed nose, and it curls into John’s hand and cranes its neck to look up at him, then surges forward, slithering up his arm and making John twitch until it gets to his shirt collar, where it winds its tail inside for leverage and then cranes its head to look John in the eye.
“Mm,” Sherlock says again. It’s all he can manage. He hears John go to the kitchen and rifle through the drawer of takeaway menus, and he feels inexplicably fond of the sound, inexplicably fond of the way John calls to order instead of just going online like everyone else. He pulls the blanket more tightly around his shoulders and gratefully lets the familiar but so dearly missed sounds of John drift over him, pulling him further and further out of his own mind.
John feels at his wit’s end.  There is a surprising amount of panic rising inside him, and the only thing he can see in his mind is Sherlock, lying still on the ground with only Mycroft there to stand watch.  John is trained for crisis situations, but nothing has prepared him for this; he’s fighting a battle with unknown weapons, and he doesn’t like it.
“He is,” Sherlock says, pointing to John.
“Are you alright?” the woman on the rock asks, and John opens his eyes to see that she’s leaning forward on the rock, staring at him intently.
A disgruntled man passes them while he’s on his cell phone and gives them a dirty look, presumably for the noise, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. “He’s cheating on his wife with his secretary. Dull,” he says to John, loud enough for the man to hear, and John stops walking and turns his head to the side to laugh, caught and overcome by surprise, and Sherlock sneaks a glance at him and smiles, a small smile that he lets fade away when John turns back. Iris is still crying, and John grins at him then turns to Iris. “Alright, Love,” he says. “We’ll keep moving.”
give that up. He looks up at Sherlock, determination flooding him. “Throw it away,” he tells him. He breathes harshly through his nose and closes his eyes for a moment, doing his best to keep calm as unexpected emotion rushes through him. “Please, just throw it away.”
It has been this way since he was a boy, this feeling of pure terror as a cloud of darkness trails behind him. A cloud of meaningless voices and teeth and eyes, formless spirits and ghosts that it seems only he can see, is familiar and ever-present in his life. They’re descending upon him now, the same as they always do when he goes outside - something he rarely does.
“Let’s go to bed,” John says. His voice is hushed, and Sherlock’s heart shifts into a fast, heady rhythm as something jolts deep inside of him. “I don’t – we’ve only just, I don’t want to rush,” John says quickly. “We have time, yeah? I just want – we have the monitor. Iris will be fine on her own. Can we-“
And then, after an indeterminable amount of time that seems like seconds and hours and years all at once, the phone rings, and he can’t even begin to comprehend what it means when Mycroft says he’s going back.
with you, every fucking day, has been so I’ll stop seeing them, and then you bring me -”
“This,” he says. “This life. I choose this.” His voice is hoarse but sincere, and Sherlock reaches up with his free hand and gently, so gently, cups the side of John’s face, his eyes never leaving John’s. His fingers press there for a fleeting moment, just long enough for John to lean into the touch and look up at him softly, his heartbeat fast in his throat, before Sherlock pulls his hand away.
“Oi!” John says. “What’d you just do?”
“Clearly not,” Sherlock says with a small smile. Carefully, he sits up, swinging his legs down beside John’s form on the floor.
“They seem to like me,” John says in amusement, glancing up at Sherlock.
“Nice to meet you, Art,” John says with a grin. He thinks it’s nice to have the weight of the old man against his arm, and he thinks of Sherlock with a bit of a vindictive pleasure; everything in his life has been about Sherlock and Sherlock only for the past few months, and he feels smug about going out and finding a friend of his own and enjoying his day without any demands from Sherlock.
John grins. “Nothing,” he says, ignoring Sherlock’s skeptical look and passing him the urn, then the bottle. He climbs back through the window, and Sherlock doesn’t reach out to help him this time, but he does hover nearby impatiently, and then he ushers John down to the living room.
to see her, not as she was, because you couldn’t see your own
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, but his voice is different from when he’d responded to John.  He sounds stiff and formal, and he eyes her for a moment before turning to John, his face changing to a smile.  “That reminds me!” he says.  He reaches into his suit jacket and pulls out the feathered end of an arrow, broken off from the rest of it.  “The winning arrow,” he says.  He steps closer to John and drops the arrow into John’s trouser pocket.
He opens his eyes after a moment and his mouth sets into a firm line. Carefully, he folds the bandana and shoves it in his pocket. He looks up and heads towards Sherlock’s bedroom, the soldier in him overtaking his stride. He has a mission, and he will damn well complete it.
“Please don’t look while I play,” she says.
“But we were there for quite a while,” John says in confusion.
John nods, his eyes still closed.  He does his best to think about Sherlock, about the stupid git lying on the couch in his dressing gown smoking a pipe, about him looking up at the moon while sitting on the roof drinking wine, about the way the moonlight reflects off his features.  Slowly, the images of sand are replaced with images of stacks of books and the scent of gunpowder is replaced with the scent of Sherlock, of the sweet smoke from his pipe and the tea he likes to drink.
To his surprise, Mike laughs, though not in a way that shows any derision. “Told you he’s brilliant,” Mike says to John, who’s still holding his hand out but now looks quite shocked, if his raised eyebrows are anything to go by.
“Oh,” Mycroft says, making an expression of distaste. “I thought I smelled mothballs.”
of this in the beauty and simplicity of the piece, which unfurls naturally and gracefully from his bow as effortlessly as breathing.
John frowns. “What do you mean?”
the door, dying in these miserable tunnels without even saving Sherlock – when suddenly Redbeard uncurls from his neck. He pokes his head out and cranes it to the left, jerking in that direction quite forcefully.
“It’s nothing,” John says. “I work in a clinic; sometimes I catch a cold. Actually, you should probably not get too close; I wouldn’t want you getting sick, too.”
John wants to protest being treated like a child, but he supposes Mrs. Hudson is old enough to treat everyone like a child, and he’s much too tired. Sherlock’s fingers rub over the burning area at the base of his neck where the spirit’s tooth had touched him, and John shivers unpleasantly, twisting away from the touch.
“Right,” John says. “Maybe I should set an alarm.”
John just stares at Billy, who looks to be in satisfied agreement with Sherlock, and he wonders, not for the first time, how he’s managed to get himself involved with this mad group.  “I don’t bloody care if Sherlock liked it,” he says.  “It was for Mary!”
He looks down at her. She’s staring up at him as she drinks and he smiles. She breaks away from the bottle for a moment and gasps for breath, coughing a bit and looking confused as to why she had to stop.
Sherlock sits beside him. “What we’re doing now is using that connection. It’s astral projection, John. My body is with Moriarty, and I’m unconscious. As such, I’m dreaming, and you used your connection to the other planes to find me and visit me in my dreams. While the spirits could always use the connection to find you, you’re now learning to manipulate the connection from your side.”
. I shouldn’t have said that. I was just –” John stops talking and he looks away and clears his throat, then turns back. “I shouldn’t have said that,” he repeats.
John’s body feels against him, or how everything inside of him has come to life, or how he aches for John, arching towards him like a magnet.
“Mary, are you okay? Your back –”
“You’ll have another opportunity to make a choice,” Sherlock says. “An important one. When it comes, I think you’ll be ready.”
There’s no answer, but suddenly he trips over a piece of wood sticking out of one of the shelves, and just as he’s about to lose his footing, something falls from the top shelf. Instinctively, he catches it in his hands as he manages to regain his footing, and he almost drops it again when he realizes it’s a human skull.
, and now John is leaving –
“Shut up, Mycroft,” Sherlock says, his moment of pleasure gone as quickly as it came. He pushes Mycroft’s hand off his shoulder and ineffectually shoves at his hip.
Sherlock sighs. “That spirit wasn't yours or mine to control. It decides what it wants to do. And you can’t forget, John, that where there exists a wish, there also exists that which is wished for.”
“And why is that?” Sherlock asks. He turns towards John. “Why do you care?”
“Yes, coffee,” John says in irritation. “Some of us actually require food and drink to survive.”
John sighs, knowing there’s never a straightforward answer with Sherlock. “Yes. So, can you answer it?”
John grins. “Right, obviously. Do you want wine?”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, but he closes his eyes and his shoulders droop.
“No, with Mary,” John says. He smiles a bit. “I asked her for dinner, actually, but she was busy. She wants to go out tomorrow night, though.”
“Sherlock’s in danger,” he says urgently.  “I need to help him.  There was a woman – she took his soul, and I have to get it back.”
John takes it, clutches it, really, and lets Sherlock help him up the remaining steps. His vision is a bit blurry, but Sherlock’s arm feels warm under his hands, and he clings to the comforting feeling as they enter the flat. His body is weak with exhaustion, and he collapses onto the couch as soon as he’s near enough.
Sherlock shrugs. “Who
“Good,” Sherlock says. “Neither would I.”
He hurries to her bedroom, but a chill runs down his spine and his eyes widen in fear as soon as he steps through the doorway. He feels as though his heart has stopped and for a moment he can’t move; he can only stare, trying frantically to process what he sees. Though it feels like hours in his anxious state, it’s really only a split second of hesitation before he rushes to her bed.
“You-”
But there’s something missing, something between them that feels
“See you later, John,” he calls, disappearing into his room. John shakes his head at the lack of surprise this unusual behavior strikes in him and follows after. He goes inside and lingers near the doorway, watching as Sherlock pulls open his closet door. “I’ll be in touch,” Sherlock adds.
“Warm?”
A few days later, John is frowning at the newspaper, trying to complete the daily crossword with his morning cup of tea, when Sherlock comes into the living room wearing a white polo shirt and black, loose-fitting athletic pants, zipping a duffel bag and adjusting the straps as he slings it over his shoulder.
Mycroft nods. “Yes. Sherlock is currently not in this world. He’s…suspended, if you will. He’s too far away for his magic to sustain Mrs. Hudson and Billy along with the flat itself, and I believe his magic is being restricted as well, which only complicates things further. But because
He takes the steps slowly, blinking fast as he attempts to slow his mind and tries again to put a dam around the flood of emotions inside of him. He gets to the top of the stairs and opens the door with a shaking hand, though he keeps his back straight and shoulders back, knowing that if he allows himself even a moment of relaxation, he’ll break. He knows his resolve is wearing thin, that the ball of emotion in his stomach could surface at any moment. He wants to go straight to his bed and forget any of this has happened. He keeps his head down but jerks in surprise when he hears a voice.
“I’ve brought some wine,” Sherlock says, pulling it out of the tote bag. “Please take it.” He hands it to Molly, who smiles, examining the bottle.
“Stay close,” Sherlock says. “This isn’t the best place for you, especially, but you’re fine as long as you’re with me.”
Mycroft shakes his head.  “That’s a different situation, John.  One of Sherlock’s titles is the Dimensional Mage.  He has a unique ability to create portals between dimensions.  It’s unrelated to the business of wish granting, or to other incidental small pieces of magic.”
“You’ll see,” Sherlock tells him. “There’s no sense in trying to explain.” He stands without warning, heading towards the kitchen as if he intends to end the conversation.
Sherlock’s smile disappears. He shakes his head no, but doesn’t open his eyes.
John laughs and leaves the little room, and Sherlock takes a moment to breathe, to settle himself, before he remembers that they’ll need somewhere to sit. He looks around frantically, unsure what to do, and then quickly creates a stone bench beside the pond, accidentally creating flowering vines crawling up its legs. He hadn’t meant to go that far. He must be tipsier than he realizes, he thinks.
“You always were a good boy,” Sherlock says fondly, reaching up and carefully patting the top of Redbeard’s head with one fingertip, which is about the same size as the head it’s patting.
Mycroft sighs. “It didn’t happen,” he tells him. “What you think happened is impossible.”
this is not reality, surely he is imaging this, surely he is in his mind palace – but he closes his eyes, and he still feels John’s hand, and when he opens them rather desperately, John is still standing in front of him, and John’s hand is still on his face.
Sherlock looks up and narrows his eyes, assessing John carefully. “I see,” he says, and John wonders exactly how much he means.
Sherlock takes his eyes away from the woman to look at John.  He takes in the details of John’s posture and face for a moment, and then raises an eyebrow.  “Interesting,” he says.
“No,” John says quickly. “No, I think I prefer money.”
He rubs her back, and slowly her sobs subside.  She pulls away a little bit, just enough to look him in the eye.  “Do you think I’m a sissy?” she asks.
“Just a bit,” she says. “The bus schedule is so hard to predict; I was afraid I’d be late if I left any later. You know how it is.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “We never did anything.”
John.”
“Is that what you keep in that magic room?” John continues.
John leaves Sherlock completely alone with Iris for the first time a week later. John’s just going to pick up some groceries, but he seems to think he’ll be gone for at least one year if the frantic instructions he leaves for Sherlock are anything to go by.
“Er,” John says, furrowing his brow, wondering if he should lecture Sherlock on the proper ways in which to use furniture. He decides, though, that it’s the least of his worries, all things considered. “Yes?”
“I know,” Sherlock says.
“I don’t want to go home,” Sherlock says, despair washing over him.
“I’m really not interested in you,” she says, loud enough for John to hear.
“Sorry – what?” John says, good mood fading fast.
“What – what are you?  What have you done to him?” he asks frantically.
“Will I ever figure it out?” he asks.
Sherlock nods against him, doesn’t want to move his head away, wants to keep feeling the vibrations of John’s voice.
John can’t help the snort of laughter that escapes him, and even Sherlock manages a quirked lip and a small chuckle.
John is surprised by Sherlock’s thoughtfulness, but before he can comment on it, Sherlock continues.
“You lead,” John says. “I know you taught me the other way around, but I don’t remember.”
Sherlock nods, some of the pain from John’s earlier statement receding at the look on John’s face and the warmth of his fingers. It occurs to him suddenly that maybe John just needs time for
“Oh, good idea,” Sherlock says in approval. He thinks making their friendship official is just what they should do. He holds his arms out and looks down at himself, and frowns. “Er – oh! I know!” He unties the belt of his dressing gown, then slides it out of the loops and gives it to John, who takes it with a grin.
, and boarding the plane is a relief because John is no longer watching him.
Mummy considers him for a moment, but Dad speaks up. “Of course you can,” he says. “We’ll all go.”
Mycroft turns on his heel and puts up his umbrella, and John blinks when he suddenly vanishes.  It’s testament to the day he’s had that this doesn’t even seem shocking to him.
“Daddy!” Sherlock interrupts, aghast, but Daddy pointedly ignores him.
John looks up and their eyes meet, and John raises her eyebrows and her lips twist into an amused smile. Sherlock, while misunderstood by many, has always been transparent to John, and she finds herself smiling in return, a light flush spreading over her cheeks.
“Feels good,” Sherlock says, drowsy. “It’s warm. It’s different with your magic.”
Sherlock puts both of his hands into his hair again, squeezes, and then turns back to John, taking him in, data flying through his mind almost quicker than he can process it. “You asked a woman out on a
John nods. “Yeah, wanna see? We should get snacks, though. Hungry?”
“I can hear you,” Sherlock says quietly.
“You don’t even have ears,” the man says.
!” Sherlock interrupts viciously. His voice cracks, and his hands are shaking. “That doesn’t
. The deductions are swimming forward in his mind, though, so he speaks, his voice low.
“It used to be full of Alihotsy. And peppermint, for Euphoria Elixir. And billywig colonies, for their stings. And – some other things,” he says. It all comes out of his mouth before he realizes what he’s saying, and then he blinks rapidly as he realizes what he’s admitted. His shoulders tense and he can’t look at John, can’t face him.
, after all, and what better time for an adventure?
Innocently resting atop the kitchen table is the black bandana Greg gave him, the skull and crossbones bright against the dark fabric. He stops to take it without a second thought and holds it tightly in his hands, and then closes his eyes and pleads desperately to whoever and whatever might be listening that he can do this.
*.*.*.*.*.
“I made your favourite pasta,” Sherlock cajoled gently after a few long moments, and pulled back slightly to stare down at John with a slight smile, though John could smell the worry coming from Sherlock still.
“John will stay wherever I want him to. He is loyal to me,” Sherlock said, pride swirling through the air and John’s body relaxed slightly, pleased that his Alpha like him so much.
needed to pee. John had been a frequent visitor to Sherlock’s house when they were young, and he could only hope that the layout was still the same. It had taken him an entire week to memorise every part of Sherlock’s house, because it was just so incredibly confusing!
“Yours,” John agreed breathily, shifting his hips needily.
“No landlord would allow such a pet,” Mycroft said, shaking his head and pinching the bridge of his nose.
“Why?” Lestrade managed to get out.
Her wide eyes turned up to John, almost sparkling, “
John, as an Omega, had been wandering around the Games for a few days by now, and he’d been checking out the Alphas unashamedly as they played and showed off equally as unashamedly. There was one who’d caught John’s eye so far. He’d been too shy to approach him at first, so he’d watched from afar.
She nodded. “He’s in his room. I’ll go get him for you,” she said, and turned and left quickly, leaving John in the rain, pulling his wings to his back.
John smiled at him, chuckling softly, “I’ll take that as a compliment,” he said. Then, he hummed. “You should be fine, nothing serious was inflicted. You’ll just be a bit achy for a while. Do you need me to prescribe some painkillers for you?”
A human appeared, and though John couldn’t focus on it properly, he was sure it was a male. Pale, with dark hair and sharp eyes. John snarled savagely, warning the human to back off. John would tear him limb from limb if he didn’t.
John tilted his head back and opened his eyes to look at Sherlock, biting his lower lip. He was hesitant to hold onto such a promise, but John desperately needed the reassurance. “Not ever?” John asked hesitantly after a moment.
John came back with the tea and leant against the couch, placing the tea on the coffee table. “Sherlock?” John questioned softly.
Smiling, pleased, John slid back into Sherlock’s embrace and nestled close. Just because he wasn’t a typical Omega didn’t mean he didn’t like affection. “Stubborn,” Sherlock muttered into his hair, and John smirked, hearing the pleased tone in Sherlock’s voice.
“You know this Angel?” Sherlock demanded.
*.*.*.*.*
Not long after that, they moved to London. John was less than pleased, but Sherlock was ecstatic, so John didn’t protest. The den that they moved in to was tall, and it had steps that John had to climb up that irritated his bad leg, but Sherlock was so happy that again, John couldn’t complain. It was smaller than their last den, but the sleeping section was larger, as was the main section. There was an old human female that lived below them, and she wandered up occasionally, but she was harmless, so John ignored her for the most part.
“You won’t remember me,” John said in a soft voice, not looking up. “But, perhaps, you will remember this.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out the pencil Sherlock had made for him. He held it gently, before looking up and holding it out to Sherlock.
John responded, gesturing for Sherlock to follow as he walked back into the living room.
“What?’ Sherlock asked excitedly.
*.*.*.
Sherlock dug his claws in and stubbornly clung on, his eyes open to glare up at John.
me, John! And then I’m told that you’re out of London? I thought you’d left me!” Sherlock growled, nipping at John’s neck angrily and causing John to wince at the sharp sting of pain.
territory to set up traps like the one you fell prey to.”
The dragon rolled his eyes and snorted.
“Don’t shoot!” his Alpha’s voice broke through the haze in John’s brain, sounding panicked. “Don’t shoot, he’s
“I love you,” John panted softly, opening his eyes to look up at Sherlock warmly.
Sherlock’s hand rested on John’s back, just above his arse, fingers tapping there as he thought. “Well, seeing as you’ve already confessed, and we have no further use for you, we’ll take you back to the station,” Sherlock said, giving John a pat.
“Your
John assured Sherlock. He tilted his head and licked Sherlock’s forehead.
John awoke to strong arms wrapping around him gently, and then he was being lifted and held against a strong chest. John gave a soft grumble, nuzzling into the soft flesh of what he assumed was a neck and inhaled, relaxing as he recognised the scent of Sherlock.
Sherlock was crouching by the body and didn’t look away from it as he called to John, “John! Come look at this!”
She cackled madly, then stopped abruptly as an awful bone-cracking noise echoed. “W-what?” she stammered, stumbling backwards and John wished desperately that he could see what was going on.
Sherlock moved down his chest, sucking and nipping and leaving marks everywhere he could get his mouth. He licked at John’s cock through the panties, causing the Omega to whine and gasp as pleasure rolled through him.
Sherlock sprinted forward, placing himself between John and the weapons. His heartrate was faster than John had ever heard it, and he smelt scared.
handsome Devil. “But we have to be careful.”
The guards took away the prisoners involved, and John was in the middle of giving instructions to the guards on how to care for the girl who’d been knocked out, when a phone rang. John looked up in surprise and found Lestrade with a frown on his face and his phone to his ear.
Holmes
John smiled slowly, pleased. Sherlock wanted him to watch. That was a good sign. From what John had seen and heard, Sherlock was inconsiderate and rude to most Omegas. But, apparently, not to John. That was definitely very good.
“Don’t leave,” John whimpered.
The officers nodded their heads to show that they understood, and John shut the door behind them. He stood back and watched as they poked through his possessions, wrapping the sheet tighter around himself and burying his nose in it and letting Sherlock’s scent soothe him.
Nine months after that, and John gave birth to the three pups – two girls and one boy. They named the two girls Charlotte May Watson-Holmes and Melody Jay Watson-Holmes and the boy was Tristan Ryan Watson-Holmes.
John’s ears and the back of his neck were practically dripping from Sherlock’s grooming. They’d been stuck like this for a while, and John’s muscles were beginning to get stiff as they waited for Sherlock’s knot to go down.
The next day, police arrived at his door. The man in front was short, with dark hair and dark eyes, and a very stern face.
John glanced up, and Sherlock smiled down at him in praise, which warmed John from the inside. “Good boy,” Sherlock murmured, and lifted his hands to caress John’s cheeks. Sherlock bent down as John stretched up, and kissed him heatedly until John was limp in his grasp, with eyes closed and whimpering softly.
Sherlock was by his side in seconds, removing John’s hands from his bare belly (he’d stopped wearing clothes a few days ago), and then Sherlock’s large hands were smoothing down his sides and over his baby bump, then lower, turning John onto his side and sniffing at his hole. “Shift, John,” Sherlock commanded after a moment, “It’ll be easier.”
How are we all? It's a week before my Birthday and I bring you a new chapter. It's a little dark but that's nothing new for this fic and we're working on the expectation that everyone reading will already know standard warnings for Mina and Mycroft being an icy bastard sometimes.
I have resisted the idea of pet ownership since that day. The closest I have come is Billy and as we both know he is already dead. No harm should really come to a skull.
“Mycroft, Mycroft Holmes?” John asked, trying to keep his grin under wraps but as Greg started to look indignant John was forced to cover a snort of laughter with a sneeze.
All of you have been so amazing and I love that this little fic has people following it. I started this with no confidence and i've grown with everyone of your clicks, kudos and subscriptions. I adore each of you and you make my day a little better every time you interact with this world so thank you, thank you, thank you from the bottom of my heart.
“I think he is D.I. Lestrade, it’s so hard for him some days and I do my best to help but really I think it’s Mina that makes him better. She’s a reason for him to be happy and to keep going rather than getting caught up in his grief. He cried so much at the start, when you first bought her home to him, he didn’t think he could do this, not without Sherlock, but look at him. He’s thrived with parenting her and just look at her. Isn’t she so different? She smiles all the time now, every morning when I go up to say hello she’s there with a smile and those few sharp teeth.”
‘Ready Sir’
He lifted the phone to his ear and waited for the connection, ‘Hello, Mrs Hudson’,
Mitrović answered quietly, the man’s voice lighter than Mycroft had anticipated, his accent highly prominent.
John passes across two photo albums he recognises, the pressed leather covers are the same as those which cover his own albums at home, their mother in one of her sentimental phases had compiled them for both of her sons,
They stood there, staring at each other. It reminded him of the Army, of visiting commanders trying to muscle in on a squad and meeting resistance. He was the captain of their squad but Mycroft had the answers, he knew the meaning behind the orders and it was driving John mad.
‘God Myc please,’ he doesn’t know what he’s asking for, more, less, anything, it needs to move in one direction, he’s feels like he’s walking on a high wire unable to see either end of the rope, neither end drawing him more than the other,
“You want a fight, Greg? I can and will give you one.”
None of them struck him as special enough however, the Holmes men seemed to have such original names, did the women? Should he be selecting something to fit their expectations. But the question and mystery of this child’s creation were a source of anxiety for him. The idea of Sherlock and some faceless woman made his stomach clench, the less he analysed those feelings to more he’d be able to sleep at night.
The draw was full to bursting with costumes, more appropriately disguises, he recognised some; the hideous traffic warden outfit, the more memorable fireman and something that looked to closely resemble a bee keepers outfit minus the hat. In fact they were all minus hats, on a mission now to complete the disguises john pulls the chair resting by the desk in front of the wardrobe, standing on it he scans the top shelf until he sees likely looking boxes, he pulls them down before wrestling with the lid on one while trying to hold the other steady, his sense of balance being slightly off both boxes fall to the floor intermingling multiple hats and what looks to John’s eyes to be loose photographs and albums.
John couldn’t imagine, it was only seven thirty, Mina’s doesn’t normally go down for another half an hour and it’s normally a complete battle once she knows he’s going to leave. Why would she already be asleep? Maybe she was unwell and just like that John could feel himself start to panic, he knew he shouldn’t have left her, ‘Mrs Hudson it’s too early for her to be asleep and she doesn’t go down this quickly. Did she have her bath and her book, she likes to go to sleep to a story or she doesn’t sleep well.’
John stares at her, mouth slightly open, then turns to Sherlock. “Don’t I need to tell her what I want to know?” John asks.
John treads water and looks over at Sherlock, whose hair is flat against his head and dripping down his sharp cheekbones. He can’t help but giggle, the absurdity of the situation overwhelming him. Arriving in a pond full of suspended crystals staring at a madman is absurd enough; looking at said madman with his sopping wet hair plastered on his head and dripping down his equally absurd cheekbones is icing on the cake, and it’s almost too much for John to process.
“I don’t just
, you jumped for me?”
Sherlock pulls away, but doesn’t take his hands away from John’s waist. His heart is pounding in his ears, and his mind is spinning, and he feels as if he’s just run a marathon. He’s staring at John, his eyes wide, his lips parted. John’s lips flushed, and he looks unsure.
“Healers don’t heal themselves,” Sherlock says.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice low. “Don’t move.”
tell you that you’re –“ John’s voice cuts off, sounds a bit choked. He looks away for a moment, then looks back, and when he speaks again, it’s with resolve, his voice determined. “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. You saved my life, even before my leg. You’re brilliant.”
John huffs out a laugh. “Is that so shocking?”
– it hits him full force that it was all for him. He’s reeling, something twisting inside of him.
“What? No, I’m not bloody
– his eyes are immediately drawn to the couch, or more specifically, the man draped upon it.
John wakes lying flat on the ground in the dirt.  He opens his eyes to nothing but rain and a grey, dreary sky.  The hydrangea surrounds him where he lies in its midst, and he feels a weary, hollow feeling deep within him.  He wishes he couldn’t remember it, or that it had been a dream, but he knows that what just happened is real.
John feels disgust rise up within him. “He’s
“John! Sherlock!  This is unexpected,” Mary says as she opens her door with a smile.  It turns to a confused frown as her eyes settle on Mycroft.  “Is everything alright?”
“I did,” John admits.
“Don’t you think you’re too old for dolls?” Mycroft asks, sitting beside him.
“You don’t – you don’t have to,” John says. “It was silly. Just, talking about the wedding, and the wine –”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I have a set of robes I usually wear. They’re quite thick, and I put a lot of wards on them. They help keep the magic out.”
“Oh,” John says. He’s not sure what else there is to say, after all. A movement catches his eye and he sees Mrs. Hudson standing by the open door, holding Billy. He’s not surprised to see them listening in, but he doesn’t have the energy to protest.
“Sherlock!” Angelo says when they get to the restaurant. He greets Sherlock with a hug that Sherlock awkwardly puts up with but does not reciprocate, but Angelo is not put off by his reaction. He and John are seated next to the window, and Angelo bustles over with a candle, muttering about making the atmosphere more romantic for them.
“No,” she says, and she’s smiling, but it doesn’t reach her eyes. “You’ve got the most important bits down.”
“You make the better tea, you said so yourself,” John says with a wide grin.
Sherlock learns a lot about holding Iris over the next few weeks. He learns that it’s a lot more comfortable for
John rolls his eyes. “I’m not Lestrade,” he says.
,” Sherlock says. “You need to stop seeing him.”
But, he remembers, he’s looking for another guest to the party.
“Did you feel the magic?” Sherlock asks, curious.
He squeezes her hand.  “No, they won’t,” he says softly.  “And I certainly never will.”
certainly not forgettable,” John replies after a moment, Sherlock’s question bouncing answerless around his mind. “Nobody can forget such an annoying dick.”
“You – could you have gotten us out of there at any time?” John asks, pointing his finger at Sherlock in accusation.
John kisses him and Sherlock curls his leg around John’s waist again.  John reaches for the lube, still within arm’s reach from the night before, and breaks the kiss to get some on his fingers.  He giggles when half of his squirt lands on the bed sheets, and Sherlock can’t help but join, and then John is collapsed on his chest, giggling and giggling, and Sherlock is laughing with him, tears coming to his eyes, his chest shaking, his arms automatically curling around John’s back.
John flushes, pleased, and hastily drinks his coffee.
This time, he holds their lips together and then opens his mouth, lets warm breath pass between them, feels Sherlock’s lips part against his. It’s thrilling, feeling Sherlock’s lips against his like this, and he runs his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, fingers winding through curls. The only sounds are of their breaths, soft gasps passed between their mouths, and John lets his tongue slide against the inside of Sherlock’s upper lip. Sherlock gasps into the kiss, his head dropping lower. John’s feet go flat against the floor and Sherlock brings one hand up to cup John’s head. The feel of Sherlock’s long, elegant hand against his neck is intoxicating, and he can’t help the breathy gasp he makes when Sherlock’s tongue presses against his. His insides feel like they are on fire; his every nerve ending is on alert; his entire body is craving this connection.
Outside, it’s another drizzly day, unremarkable in any way, and yet inside the flat, 221B is brimming with promise once more, filled with warmth that makes his pulse quicken and his stomach flutter if he allows himself to focus on it for too long, and with pleasure, he focuses as long as he likes and relishes the feeling.
Sherlock frowns, but then his eyes widen. “The spell,” he says. “It broke and he’s gone home, but he’s coming back, you’ll see!”
“Consequences,” Sherlock repeats. He stands, at least a full head taller than John, his eyes narrowing, and he taps the side of John’s jaw with the index finger of his free hand, his finger just barely ghosting John’s skin but making John nonetheless swallow hard, feeling trapped. “Grave injury,” Sherlock adds, voice low.
“But how-”
Sherlock’s mind is still spinning, still curling around dark thoughts he doesn’t like to acknowledge, but John’s voice is so familiar and he’s wanted to hear it for so long that he finds himself uncurling just a bit, finds himself letting his legs straighten just a little until he’s not in such a tight ball, finds himself trying a little harder to come up to the surface and get out of the bleakness of his mind.
“This tea is perfect, Mrs. Hudson,” John says, and it truly is, the taste lingering on his tongue.
“Right,” John murmurs, turning back to the woman, Molly. “Er, sorry, hello.”
John laughs, and Sherlock can’t help but let a corner of his lip twitch upwards in response, despite the agitation that’s still curling in his stomach, but not quite as much as before.
Sherlock smiles.  “I knew you would get it back,” he says with a shrug, his shirt shifting beneath John’s hand.
He grows frustrated quickly, though, because while the notes are easy and he’s playing them correctly, he’s so close to how he used to play that the lack of his ability to play what’s written between the notes, to play the intent that lurks behind them, to show the difference between a hushed and reverent
“I’ve been here before,” he blurts, though he’d meant to yell at Sherlock and ask him why he didn’t think to mention he’d end up underwater.
“Please,” he says, voice rough. “I owe everything to you, and after this, I’ll be in your debt. But please,
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees.
Sherlock looks at the clock, frowns, and tilts his head. “Twenty minutes,” he says.
“Don’t be an idiot,” Sherlock says sharply. “Just be careful.”
“It’s nothing,” Sherlock says. “We had to collect your payment.”
“Of course,” John says, brow furrowed as he puts down his paper to listen to Sherlock.
“How do
Sherlock frowns. “Yeah,” he says. “I guess so.”
“No, I don’t think so,” the man repeats, sounding annoyed. John can relate to being annoyed with Sherlock, who’s currently staring intently at the man’s pinky again. John looks at it as well, and he feels his mouth drop when he sees a cloud of black smoke emerge from the man’s finger.
‘I need to confirm the all clear with him before I can leave John,’ he realises the degree to which his hand is still shaking when he hands It over,
The group followed quietly, with Mrs Hudson clucking under her breath about needing proper time to air the flat for visitors, opening the shutters as she moved about the room she illuminated its ever present features, the furniture around the room was covered in dust sheets but the books on the shelves were in perfect order. Even the skull remained in place; the original skull, Mycroft remembered, had broken years before but his brother had been skilled at finding suitable replacements. The whole room swam with memories of Sherlock, it was no surprise to Mycroft when John refused to enter, he stood on the threshold observing and scanning for changes. Nothing had moved, Mycroft paid Mrs Hudson to maintain the property, paid her to allow this shrine to his brother to continue. Mycroft supposed it was sentiment but he could not find it in himself to care.
“I’m not certain about the content of the conversation.”
Mrs. Hudson hesitated, her gaze flitting to Greg quickly before continuing.
“Did he say anything at all?”
I have imagined kissing you so often John. It happens in a myriad of ways. Sometimes it is soft and gentle; just a brush of lips, sometimes it is harder and fierce; one of us finally losing control and allowing that pulse of passion to engulf us. But more often it is somewhere in between; we sit together on the sofa, one of those rare occasions you coax me into eating a full meal, and I am lethargic in my dressing gown next to you. Perhaps you stretch your arm out along the back of the sofa as they do in those terrible movies you occasionally watch while intoxicated or more likely I am the one to move closer to finally give in to my impulses and lay my head upon your shoulder. I would rest there in the glow cast by our nineties monstrosity of a television and consider how to best proceed.
‘Uh sure’ the man he’s speaking to flicks his fingers towards the door and the man opposite nods; he exits without saying a word. ‘If you’re not keeping an eye on the case then why are you here?’
Yours faithfully
‘Mycroft Holmes’
It was worse when I was a child, I used to scream and scream through them until I vomited. My mother, after the first four years, left me to my own devices. I do not mean to make her sound neglectful. I had the most thorough medical care John, through any and every illness, but my mother was never a coddler, at least not with me.
“How do you know they’re not lying?” John asked.
‘What happened up there Mycroft?’
John thought that maybe If he didn’t move Mycroft would leave he’d heard him call out upon entering the front door downstairs but had yet to answer, he’d just managed to get Mina to take a nap, she’d started having restless nights three nights ago and hadn’t stopped since, they’d been together for three weeks and apart from the two A.M. wake up calls they’d yet to run into anything insurmountable, except perhaps the state of the flat, John had realised early on, approximately twenty four hours into fatherhood, that maintaining a tidy home while being the sole parent for an eighteen month old who in reality was highly mobile was anything but easy.
‘When the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.’ Mina’s laughter never failed to improve his move, it shone like a beacon though his grief had done since that first day, and John thought he had never known a more magical sound.
“Fuck you Denise. You know she’s a friend and colleague nothing more. If you want to get nasty, fine, we can get nasty. Tell me who were you fucking tonight? Have you changed around again? Is he younger? Older? Fatter? Thinner?” Denise sneered at him but refused to answer. They both knew her usual haunts. There would be plenty of evidence if he needed it.
It’s not that John’s lust for Sherlock has faltered but his desperation has lessened and suddenly doubts are flooding him. He stumbles as Sherlock impatiently shoves at him to cross the threshold which he does.  He freezes on the other side of the door while Sherlock frees first himself and then wrestles John of their coats.
‘Those boots come in purple as well’
“What was Mycroft even doing today?”
‘Tell me.’ It was an order and his tone did nothing to hide that, upon hearing the Detective's inhalation of breath, Mycroft made a judgment call and pressed the blue button on his telephone system, he'd used said button twice before and both in relation to incidents Sherlock had been central in creating, all communication through the office was now private, a data blackout, the normal surveillance footage and recordings would only replay white noise. It was supposed to be used for matters of national security but something about this conversation had Mycroft on edge, an adrenaline rush started surging through his veins.
‘Fine’ Mycroft walked the short distance to his coat rack, the dark overcoat may not have been the dramatic cape like creation his brother had preferred but it was cut to his body and provided the metaphorical armour this situation seemed to warrant.
John howled in a mix of pleasure and pain, orgasming over the floor beneath him then going limp.
*.*.*.
They knew it wouldn’t be easy, but they were finally back together and willing to fight.
*.*.*.
Then had come the day that John’s pack Alpha was killed in a fight with another pack. Their Alpha had been getting old, and it was better than he’d died fighting rather than succumbing to old age. But, the Alpha of the other pack had taken one look at John after claiming victory and the pack, and had run John off.
But, he had to resist. If he chased after Sherlock, he would surely be mad with John.  Despite everything, it was still deeply ingrained in John to not do anything that might upset Sherlock. He’d only ever disobeyed Sherlock three times, and every time afterwards he’d always regretted it and wished he’d that he hadn’t done it.
Sherlock gave a growl of pleasure in response, lowering his body until every inch of their bodies were touching, Sherlock’s erection pressing into his stomach, making John give a keening whine and arch up.
“John?” Sherlock called, sounding anxious. ”John, where are you?”
John watched as a blonde sidled up to Sherlock and lean against him. John had to bite down on a growl. He knew Sherlock wasn’t at all interested in her and that he was just acting, but watching them made a funny feeling run through him. It was kind of like anger, but not. Frowning slightly, John rubbed at his chest, and then sneezed.
“Are you alright, John?” Lestrade asked, sounding worried, and John finally realised what it looked like.
(See the end of the chapter for
After eating, John got up and walked about the room, stretching out his muscles so he didn’t get stiff, and because he was bored, whilst Sherlock stayed on the bed, stretched out and watching John lazily.
“End of the bed,” Sherlock instructed in a murmur, and John nodded, curling up on the end of the bed (he hadn’t gotten changed after his bath so he was still nude).
But, of course, his Alpha found him.
“You,” Sherlock told him, as if it was obvious, and sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed, “I peeked whilst you were in the shower.”
. Don’t try and break us apart, Mycroft. Otherwise I might not stop John next time.”
John was eight when a new family moved into the house next door. He’d been holed up in his room, ignoring the sounds of his parents arguing downstairs, soft tawny wings wrapped almost completely around himself, except for a small gap to see through as he gazed out of the window, wishing he could sneak out and wishing that his wings were strong enough for him to fly with. As it was, his window would creak loudly if he tried to open it, and his wings wouldn’t be able support him – they were still filled with fluffy down and not the proper feathers that would grow when he was a teenager.
Sherlock nodded immediately, his grin never faltering. “We can meet here. No one ever comes here,” Sherlock told him happily, and, finally, the wall that had been blocking his emotions from other was finally falling down.
No wonder he’d been so irritable yesterday!
“Woah! What’s happened?” A young female voice caught John’s attention, and he glanced to the side to see a high schooler standing at the crime scene tape.
John and Sherlock had been on a case, and they were had been chasing a suspect down an alley way when the murderer had turned on them suddenly and pulled a gun, and fired a shot. It had missed John, and he’d tackled the murderer, but John had instantly frozen as he heard Sherlock give a sound of pain.
! He’s my
Gently, John eased Sherlock’s fingers away from the material, then pushed the material down his shoulder until his scars were revealed. “Sherrlock save John. John sick, Sherrlock heal. Sherlock Alpha. Mycroft want Sherlock London. Sherlock no leave John, bring John London. Mycroft scared,” John chuckled lightly, “John get bad human. Lestrade no like John. Sherlock like John. Sherlock no leave John?”
John and Sherlock lived a long, happy life together. They solved crimes, and once they retired, they moved into the countryside and kept bees. They were together and that was all that mattered. Nothing else came between them, and that was just the way they’d wanted their lives to go – forever and together til the end.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed slightly, “All by yourself?” he questioned.
note.
Although it had only been a few hours since he’d last seen Sherlock, John already missed his Alpha. Sherlock’s scent was starting to fade from the room, and John hated it. He lay down on the bed and buried his face in one of the pillows, inhaling deeply and whimpering softly at the soft scent of Sherlock. His Alpha’s scent was one of the best scents he’d ever encountered. The only thing better than his Alpha’s scent was his and his Alpha’s scent combined. That was heaven. When Sherlock next came back, John would get that delightful combination of smells once again, and John couldn’t wait.
John slunk into the living room, head ducked down and hands shoved into his pockets. Sherlock was waiting for him in the kitchen, arms crossed over his chest with one hand pinching the bridge of his nose and eyes closed, ankles crossed as he leant back against the counters. He didn’t look up as John entered, but his nostrils flared and John knew that Sherlock knew he was there.
“Not anymore,” his mother said coldly. “An Angel can never be friends with a Devil.”
“Understood,” John agreed, perking up at the thought of being in his wolf form. John loved his wolf form.
, alright? You
John soaped himself up and then rinsed off, washing his hair quickly and then heading out of the shower. As he dried off with a fluffy towel, John observed himself in the mirror. His hair was getting fluffy, and he needed to get it cut – another thing to take up with Sherlock.
Sherlock never showed up.
Sherlock asked, repulsed.
“No. I don’t know him,” he told Sherlock, glancing at John.
John bolted upright, sweating and whining in panic, hand scrambling at his injured shoulder as he panted heavily, practically gasping for air.
Picking up his phone, John saw that he had several missed calls from his boss, and a message from Sarah.
“Thank you,” Lestrade said, gratefulness clear in his tone.
*.*.*.
“Not even you can stop everything,” John shot back. Like Falling, a small voice in his head helpfully pointed out.
Sherlock must have felt his fear through their mental link, as Sherlock’s panicked voice filtered through his head.
“I don’t know what it was. But it was completely and utterly overpowering and I couldn’t even smell you. All I could smell was that smell. But, it was only in the room. There was a trace of it coming down the stairs, but that was it,” John explained, gently moving his head back and away from the tissues as his nose stopped bleeding.
After a while of creeping around, they came to a stop and Sherlock pulled him into a cupboard that was also suspiciously open. Sherlock drew him in front of him, pressed together with the door cracked open. “We’re here,” Sherlock breathed into his ear, head duck and eyes focused on the sliver of door that could be seen. “Now we just have to wait.”
Sherlock hissed, nipping at John’s neck in annoyance, and John grunted at the sharp sting. “Sherlock!” John snapped in annoyance, shoving Sherlock’s head away from his neck.
Swinging himself out of bed, glancing distastefully at the cane that he didn’t need for his gun wound but more for the limp that plagued him – PTSD, his therapist (something else he’d been forced to go to and had attended one session before never going back) had said, probably from the gunshot. No, it wasn’t from the wound. He knew that.
“Your parents were definitely wolves, weren’t they, John?” Sherlock questioned.
The second time John transformed, he was a little more prepared. Sherlock had yet again been gone for a few hours, and John slipped out as the sun set, going to a different park this time, one that was further away in hope that it would deter Sherlock.
Finally, Sherlock gave a small smile, and bent his head, pressing a tender kiss to John’s forehead. “Sleep, John,” he urged gently, “I’ll wake you when you need to leave.”
John looked around the familiar room, wings wrapping around himself as he tried not to cry. No matter how strong he tried to be, John was nine and his parents meant the world to him. Sherlock was in his bed, but had rolled over when John entered, eyes sleepy and soft, and reached out for John, pulling up the bedsheets so John could clamber in and into his embrace. The Sub went willingly, crawling across the bed and tucked himself into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, as well as the larger set of wings that could only wrap loosely around him, but the second set hugged him close to Sherlock’s body, almost like a second pair of arms. Eyes closing, John sniffled and tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin.
John hadn’t realised that he’d been staring until Sherlock took it out of his pocket and twirled it around in his fingers.
Sherlock wakes to Mummy stroking his hair, and he sniffles, turning away from her touch even though he wants the comfort. She’s a traitor, he thinks, letting Daddy take the nutcracker away like that. He doesn’t reply to her questions, pulls the covers higher over his head, and stays like that until she leaves him alone. Once the warmth of her hand is no longer stroking his back, he tells himself he doesn’t wish she had stayed.
“Indeed,” Sherlock says, unsure what else he’s expected to say. “Mike, you’ve brought my ingredients?”
“Because Sherlock doesn’t like her?” Greg asks.
“Wait here,” Mycroft says, gesturing towards a couch in his expansive foyer. “I’ll be just a moment.”
John follows, swimming as fast as he can, grateful that he can see the surface of the water and eager to get there before he runs out of air. He wonders how he has ended up here, and he’s grateful for the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers clamped around his wrist. The water is pleasantly warm; almost soothing, and he’s filled suddenly with the urge to laugh. When he looks around him, he can see that he’s surrounded by little flecks of crystal, gleaming where they float under the water. They look the same as the ones Sherlock had sifted carefully into the urn, and for as beautiful as they had been in the moonlight on the roof, they are stunning underwater. He shifts the hand in Sherlock’s grip until his fingers grasp Sherlock’s wrist in return, squeezing a little bit as they head towards the surface. Sherlock glances back at him, still grinning, and gives his arm a tug, and then John surfaces, gasping for air.
