"Well now you know why I hired him."
Dvořák eye’d Rogers but the man acted as if they were finished talking. No information on how long he’d be gone or what he planned to do about their orders from Oster, just a grunt and back to work as usual.
Damn it.
The baroness served them in the garden. Her home was along the lines of what Tony had expected. Larger than what many could afford but quaint in its own way, filled with old furnishings and family heirlooms. The garden was well kept if somewhat unimaginative and Tony knew she didn’t spend any great deal of thought on it, leaving it to some likely overpaid Gardner.
"Mi occuperò sempre di te,bambina." Tony told her, reaching to smooth her hair back and cup her cheek. His voice was low and serious and Maria clenched her hands in the skirt of her dress, feeling itchy all over as she glanced fearfully around at the dust and cobwebs. She didn't like getting dirty, but she couldn't leave yet. Not until she was sure.
“Course you could, Tacha.”
“The regiment is escorting him to Berlin, for his tour with the Führer. They’re going to inspect us and they want to make a spectacle of it. They want people to see us and be proud of us...and you. They’ll be looking at you too.”
“What’s happened?” he demanded to know, only to be immediately shushed by more than one voice, the heads in the room barely even bothering to turn from the television box, where a news program was blaring loudly. Maria abandoned the spot she’d been sitting in beside Natacha and ran to Tony, who picked her up wordlessly and moved closer to the television.
His father was standing with the baroness who was doing her best to hold up conversation in the small little group who had collected around them, but it was obvious to him even from across the room that Da wasn't hearing a word that anyone said to him. His eyes kept mapping the room, settling on each of their faces briefly before flicking on to the next and Ian knew that he was counting them again.
Tony jumped as a door to the music room slammed shut and a tiny girl ran out, scuttling into line with her siblings. Captain Rogers frowned at her as she took her place. Where had she come from? The music room had been empty while he was in there. Apparently not.
Steve hadn’t meant to snap. That piano hadn't been touched in three years. Since before the family had fallen ill to scarlet fever. His wife had played it for the children often, to sooth them. She’d been the last person to touch it and Steve could never bring himself to play it after.
In Pola their butler Jarvis let Tony trail along behind him, and had never stopped him from asking questions (or made him feel stupid for not already knowing their answers). His mother wore loose silks and bright colors to rival the deep aquamarine of the waters, and she wore her hair down, singing more… laughing more. Nowhere else had ever compared.
“Then why does he have to go away? He’s a very good gardener. He knows tons about bugs and he lets Maria help with the flowers.”
Péter’s eyes darted to the window and he sat up straighter.
The fog had cleared somewhat from Stefen's features but there was still desire brightening his eyes, giving their blue a sharp edge. For a moment, Tony thought that he might charge across the room, and he couldn't decide if he had it in him to resist. But Stefen made a beeline to the desk instead to open a decanter of liquor and pour himself a drink. Tony watched, noting the almost violent way in which he tossed the liquor down, the muscles in his throat working as he swallowed.
“What?”
“I’m just people Steve. People die in wars.” Bucky sighed, scratching the hole in his head. Blood was leaking from it in thin red lines that trailed down his cheek and dripped off his chin and onto the floor. “What’s the sin in forgetting about everyone else and just looking out for your own?”
Blinking back the burn in his eyes Steve took a shallow breath, gesturing for Ian and Péter both to move closer. They did, wordlessly, sitting close so that their knees brushed his upon the bed.
The object was back now, and Steve choked around it, gagging, twisting to get away.
Ian had declared, glaring at James like he might punch him and Artur had nodded in relief. He was scared, but he agreed with Ian. He did not want to stay in Austria if it meant he had to do it without vati.
“Yes. Just one time in your miserable life, I’d like it if you got down and stayed there because you cannot and will not lead an elite task force for the Germans and survive the war. It’s not in you to kill for them, even in the name of sabotage. This will destroy you.”
[Shrugging] They were very different men, but father respected Tony like he respected few others. He thought Tony was a fundamentally good man. That was important to my father.
“Oh for heavens sake, James are you honestly refusing to put on pants?” Tony sighed, already knowing the answer and sure enough James’ tear stained face scrunched up and he took a great gIant breath before wailing loud enough to be heard in China.
Bucky frowned, noticing that Herr stark had indeed commandeered the coffee.
He stilled however when he felt Steve's glare, his shoulders hunching. Péter had begun as of late to test Steve, speaking out of turn in ways he’d never been allowed, and sinking into moodiness at the drop of a hat. Even his younger brothers had noticed. Once, one stern look from either of his parents had been enough to make the child behave but now he refused to turn around without a verbal command from Steve.
Tony’s eyes flicked to Stefen wary of his reaction but Stefen made no move to interfere. He looked thoughtful, almost wistful, and Tony wondered at it.
"It will be alright pet. You'll see. Would it help to sing?" She murmured and Deiter looked over at her with surprise, unsure he'd heard her right. "Surely you've heard they sing Lieutenant?" Baroness Schrader asked with an amused lift of her brow and he returned his eyes to the road, a flush of red creeping up his neck.
James thought it looked terrible, and said so, but everyone ignored him. Everyone always ignored him, even when he was right. He refused to finish his slice, even though it actually tasted better than it looked. Dense, and nutty with the first hint of sweetness they’d had in a month, it was a welcome break from smoked meat and canned vegetables, but James was mad at them all so he refused it anyway.
"Stop it James!" Charlotte scolded, a glint of amusement in her blue eyes. "The very thought."
“So that means you’re staying?” Artur’s blue eyes widening with delight and Stefen remembered what had driven them home in the first place. Despite his reservations about the appropriateness of having his young children so close to dangerous tools, he found himself nodding.
There was a splash as Natacha slipped back into the water, jerking Bucky out of his thoughts. A moment later she appeared above the water. She wiped her eyes and peered back at him just long enough to flash a bright little grin and say “good”, before she disappeared again.
“Wood cracks. Try breaking your fall down a mountain with wooden poles sometime.”
"He gets sick easily," the boy explained softly. His grip on the towel was tight.
“No. No vati, I want you.” As Artur’s voice trailed out into full on wailing. Steve scooped him up and held him close to his chest, heart clenching painful in his chest.
“Their first night in the city loaded up on sugar? They’ll crash by midnight.” Tony snickered. “And I hope you enjoy skinny elbows and pokey knees in your back because Artur is adamant on sharing with you.”
“Things are changing Péter,” Harry warned with a dire tone as he lit the cigarette between his teeth. “This is not the time for the captain to hang on to petty grudges.”
To Tony’s relief the children’s protests were immediate, each of them clamoring to be heard over the other as they insisted they wouldn’t be too sad, that they’d be extra good, if only he would teach them how. Always willing to bank on luck when it was on his side, Tony secured their promises to be on their best behavior, starting with bidding their father and Sam farewell with no more tears and hysterics.
“Do you mean that? Have you thought more about running?”
“Skis have more control, but please, remind me to add sled making to our list of projects. Mark I could use metal rungs. We’ll have to repurpose some.”
"It's been too long Stefen truly," Nigel Frank had other things on his mind besides party games. A short man with half a head of hair and perpetually red cheeks that gave him a permanently flustered appearance, Nigel probably hadn’t engaged in something like a race since boyhood. He preferred artistic pursuits and Steve had a good idea why the man had tried so hard since his arrival to corner him. Steve had done a good job at dodging him until the elderly Frau Holster had held him up to talk about the birth of her fifth grandchild.
He had later learned that Hughard had intended for Yinsen to take Tony away during the demonstration. He had showed Tony the letter his father had written to an old friend of his at a monastery in Austria, practically begging for him to take in his wayward son and straighten him out. Yinsen had in turn begged Tony to agree to make the journey, to condemn himself for the unforeseeable future to live behind abbey walls if not for his own sake but then for his mother’s memory. Tony had agreed with his ears still ringing with his mother’s last scream.
It was only a moment of panic because in the next instant Bucky, who had grown impatient, leaned across the table and grasped a hold of Steve's chin flinched. Steve flinched as Bucky’s cold fingers held him in place.
Wide frightened eyes looked back at him as she nodded and he pulled her close kissing her head “Good girl.” And then glancing over his shoulder he caught Tony’s eye again from over Sara’s head. “We have to go out the back way through the apartments.” Steve could barely see him in the shadows, it was a miracle really that Tony hadn't brained him when he’d come through the door.
Tony seethed. “And I'm putting an end to it even if you won’t."
He had a point there.
“Where is Herr Stark?” Steve asked, suddenly aware of the tutor’s absence.
(See the end of the chapter for
because he saw that as his responsibility. He took careful notes on all their lessons, he was the first to notice if the little girl’s shoes came untied and the first to stoop down and help them with them.
Maria was losing control of her roll. It slipped, falling apart in her fingers and smearing her face as she tried to munch at it.
Tony’s heart slammed in his chest as he twisted to look back in the truck bed finding Péter’s wide eyes stared back at him through the glass. Tony smiled bravely for him.
Perhaps Péter replied something back. Steve never heard, because at that very moment he heard the distant whistle and clatter of an approaching train. Every muscle in his body tensed, his mind calculating the distance, how long before the locomotive made its stop and the time it would take for the first passengers to start streaming through those doors and into the hall. Isiah had been waiting down there to meet Tony. Steve couldn’t leave the children but he’d been standing here at the rail just as long.
Péter recounted this portion of his misadventure with a sort of somber awe, as if he still didn't quite believe himself capable of something like running from policemen and jumping from a moving train. It made Tony shudder to think about.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony, but he followed his suggestive tug toward the stairs.
"Oh Tony, could you run and get that please? I have to get the meat out of the icebox."
General Phillips had retired here to the small understated lodge he’d inherited from his brother who had passed in a mining accident many years ago.
"Brava!" Tony cheered along with the others as the pair finished with a flourish. There was an altogether too appealing flush of pink in Stefen's cheeks as he lowered the instrument, not quite willing to catch anyone's eye. But his eyes did flick toward Péter, who was smiling broadly and clapping along with everyone else and Stefen struggled and lost the fight to keep a smile off his face.
In some ways Tony thought it was fitting that a farewell ball in honor of a prince was fitting for their last night in Vienna. Their stay there still felt too much like a fairytale for Tony to really believe.
“No, I’m not done. Tony, I'm not done!” the little girl insisted petulantly as he set her on dry ground.
“James!” he heard Natacha hiss. “Hurry.” But he couldn’t make his legs move, no matter how hard he tried. It was like they were suddenly made of gelatin. There were so many people gathered outside on the platform already. He could see another large group of children with tags around their wrists, but no sign of Bucky or Tony anywhere. There were plenty of men and women out there with gray faces and travel worn clothing, but he stopped noticing them altogether when he spotted a policeman standing at the edge of the platform. There were more of them he realized searching the crowd. At least a dozen. His heart sink down into his stomach.
“I’ll be with him.”
“Name your price. He’s good for it.” Bucky immediately answered.
no ill will, but she’d tried to warn Stark away for good reason. Even a blind man could have seen his feelings for Stefen writ all over his face, but for a man like Stefen to choose that life (that
“What are you doin here Charlotte? I know why
the animals,” James pointed out with a worldly air for someone who minutes ago insisted they didn’t know how to pack their own clothes in a trunk. “What about the ones that haven't been discovered yet?"
He worried of course about how the children and Stefen would handle things, but he was more worried for the family that chose to stay behind. Antonia was wrong about Italy being able to hang on to its Jews. Sooner or later that axe would fall. Tony warned her again, but like every time before she just scoffed.
“They only wanted to take Papa at first, but Mama insisted on going with. They…” Cameron halted, gasping for a breath and Tony rubbed his back, making a soothing sound that sounded as shaky in his own ears as his breathing.
"I can't leave my friends. They'd... they need me."
"The Christ child knows your father hasn't been well James. She won't skip you." Charlotte tried to sooth his rumpled feathers. Tony leaned toward Virginia who was plucking another roll from the tray in front of her and faux whispered loud enough for the entire table to hear, "We’re referring to the pretty woman with long blond hair and wings yes? I haven’t seen her around Pep have you? "
now. Move!” At the command, James released his death grip and fell back. Uncle Bucky grabbed his hand and began shoving his way toward the back of the train, glancing over his shoulder every now and again to be sure the others were close behind.
Artur coughed once more before he dejectedly stuffed the rest of his partially bitten cone into his mouth. His face screwed up in misery he stuck his arms out in a request to be carried and Tony chuckled, despite himself.
"I don’t think anyone survived the blast." Lucas commented from where he was leaning against the truck, with a tired jerk of his head toward the pile of burning metal behind them.
“Really? Good for me.” He chuckled.
He’d taken the letter, folded it into his trouser pocket and looked her in the eyes.
He and Bruce didn't talk much during the ride, in favor of huddling close and conserving warmth, but Tony heard him occasionally muttering fierce prayers that carried the distinct cadence of curses every now and again and had to smile. He was going to miss Bruce. He hoped when all was said and done that they'd see each other again.
Tony blinked, surprised to be reminded that the man actually had a name other than Bucky and Bakhuizen looked just as momentarily startled as he was. There was something very refined about her in that moment but equally young for it. A sweetness that made it hard not to feel shamefaced at their crass humor. Tony thought that if he squinted, the layers of time would peel away and he could see the woman that Margrit Rogers had been as clearly as he could see the woman that Natacha Rogers would be, and it was as lovely a vision as it was frightening.
“The Captain wanted to dismiss you yesterday, Herr Stark.” It wasn’t a surprise to Tony but still the words somehow managed to cause a flash of hurt.  Frau Hogan took a step closer to him, something passionate returning to her voice as she spoke lowly, for his ears alone. “I spoke up for you, because the children seem to like you and god knows they need a friend… But these are dangerous times and their best hope is in their father’s ability to protect them. Stefen cannot do that without your help.”
“That’ll be Harold, Captain.”
Steve shook his head but Virginia was already gently guiding him to his couch in the corner of the office.
In the Rogers bleak little villa there was no peace. Silence, yes. God was there ever silence. Open and thick like a heavy fog: an effect like being drunk without any of the benefit.
Harrison appeared off to his right and Bucky flashed him a grin just before he shot one of the soldiers rushing toward them out of the back of an armored truck. As they’d hoped, it looked like the motorcade had given up the idea of trying to get around them somehow and men were pouring out of the vehicles now, intent on eliminating them altogether. But Bucky and his men had the advantage of the trees and sooner or later they’d realize they’d have to venture deeper into the wood to avoid being picked off by enemy snipers. All Bucky needed to do was get to Stefen.
“Artur forgives you James. So do I,” Maria immediately reassured him, laying her small hand on the knee that had begun poking above the water. “So does everyone else. Right Tony?”
All of this potentially effected trade and while Norway’s independent rule was still young the house of Odinburg was mindful of its economic position.
Stark caught his balance and whipped around to face him and the room went silent as a tomb.
Steve jerked in surprise as the animal at her side bleated loudly, hoofing at the ground in irritation as if it intended to ram him with its horns.
Steve clenched his teeth and told his son in what he hoped was a calm tone, to kindly let go of his leg. But Artur barley batted an eye squeezing Steve's leg impossibly tighter and bouncing on the balls of his feet as Steve gave up and maneuvered around him to remove his jacket and hand it to Hammer to be put it away.
Ian blinked. He wasn’t really sure he had friends.
"Don't mind Rita. She's only trying to remind you of how important she is to impress your brother,” She explained, smirking at Ian in a way that made him uncomfortable.
Which is what allowed Tony to stubbornly reply, "We can't put them back in the attic."
There was no telling when it would happen either. He’d just slip from one extreme mood to the other. The last time he’d crashed without anyone noticing at all, following Maria around listening to her chatter in a daze until he’d just disappeared into his office without so much as a word of goodbye. Tony had found Natacha placing a blanket over his shoulder, the familiar way in which she tucked him into a comfortable position and ordered his things suggesting that this behavior was not unusual to her in the slightest. He’d been using what looked like important documents as a pillow, his breathing labored as if he’d been running.
Shit! Tony thought, as the truck careened dangerously off of the dirt road.  No more time to waste.
"Yes, as a matter of fact."
“Va Penserio? I never took you for a patriot Antony.”
~*~*~
"Yes! why not you?”
Outside the door Tony tensed. The girl, Gwen, fell silent and looked away from Harry who seemed to take that as the surrender it was and turned back to Péter to say, “Well, what are you waiting for Péter? Burn it.”
The children gasped enraptured.
A man with Stefen Rogers peculiarities did not fit within the Nazi machine. Tony was willing to say now that the captain was likely not a willing supporter of the National Socialist party. Was this why Nik had asked Tony to spy on him? Was Stefen involved in the resistance movement?
! She needed to be closer. Weak. Why was he so weak?
Steve blinked at him, completely taken aback. Over the soft music Steve could hear Tony snort.
Tony shrugged innocently, muttering, “the child like’s boats.”
That made both the cook and the kitchen maid pause, appalled expressions on their faces.
Striker had said with a sneer in his tone.
“I should say not,” Tony scoffed again, this time giving the officer a deriding glare. “The whole house disrupted over something like this. Can you imagine? Captain Rogers, hiding gypsies. Frankly you should be ashamed you even suggested it. Surely you’ve seen enough by now to note the obvious truth?”
Tony drew up short. There was something about the calm way that Niklas was looking at him, about the sadness clinging to him that he could not seem to bury. It made something heavy sink to the bottom of Tony’s stomach.
“I do.” he murmured in answer. In truth, he quite agreed with poor Mr. McCabe, but he would not say so in the face of Bethany’s youthful passions and bright optimism. The heart led and sometimes there were few options but to follow and one could not simply judge every German simply for being German, but Tony couldn’t say he’d have jumped for joy if his daughter came home starry eyed over some public official in present times.
Tony wiped his mouth, a smear of blood coming away on the back of his palm.
“It’s yule time isn’t it? Did I ever tell you my father once tried to ban lighting candles during Christmas? He insisted we use electric lights for everything. Mama knew what he was trying to do of course. He was never good at the art of subtle. The man wore showy like a second skin.”
“I apologize Captain. It’s a beautifully appointed room. Curiosity got the better of me. Could you blame me?”
Artur looked up, waiting for Steve to counter. Steve held Tony's gaze a moment longer and then looked down into his son’s concerned blue eyes.
He really had spent a shameful amount of money on the garments, Steve mused to himself as he soaked in the sight of Tony’s bare arms in the low light seeping in from the living room. It wasn’t like him.
“Not to worry. I’m only here to mind you. I’m not telling a soul.”
“Natacha?” The captain began and the girl turned sharp blue eyes on her father and mumbled through tight lips.
She wouldn’t say the word. She knew better than most that anybody could be listening (usually it was her) but Father didn’t need her to. She watched as he slowly left his desk, crossing the short distance from his chair to hers to stand beside her. With the anger giving away to cold fear it was too hard to look at him now. She bit her trembling lip and stared at the floor.
Péter’s voice was much softer as he continued, his hand trailing a touch lovingly over the smooth side of the boat again as he confessed, “I know what they’ve done to the gypsies Tony. And now look what they’ve done. It’s only going to get worse. Going on with my life and pretending I don’t know is just like saying I think it’s okay. Because when you can fight and you don’t fight, and people keep getting hurt… then it’s like they’re getting hurt because of you.”
“You'll get yourself killed! It's not safe to be who you are anymore.”
Of course it did.” And Steve knew on some level that he shouldn’t be hearing Tony’s voice. Not when Tony was down there and Steve was up here, but he heard it as clearly as if Tony had been standing behind him. Steve could even smell the faint scent of Antonia’s soap in his hair.
“No, no it's all under control!” He shouted as he sped up towards the children's rooms.
Bucky had found Steve after the great war was over. When Bucky had been released from their unit, he’d been determined to find Steve in one of the stationed hospitals. They’d met up and banded together just like always. Only this time there where pieces of themselves missing. They’d been like a china piece, shaken and glued back together until nothing was where it was supposed to be anymore. Together, however, it had not seemed so terrible. Together they had managed to be a whole person.
“You mean they’ll arrest you for being disloyal. They’ll take us away from you.” She predicted fearfully, hoping that was all there was to it, that the things that kept her up at night weren’t true. “Then take it back! Tell Ian and the others that you didn’t mean it – ”
“Are you mad?!” he turned water dripping steadily from the dark spikes of his hair and into his eyes, which glared hotly at Bucky with something like hatred.
“You’ll never have what’s up here if I don’t choose to give it to you.”
Rogers had turned the entire office of the Wehrmacht into a circus. That was the major source of Dvorak’s annoyance if he were honest. Why was it always Rogers?  HIs absence from his post along with his sudden disappearance from the public eye had not gone unnoticed, and the army was scrambling to either find an acceptable excuse or render the sort of swift punishments the Führer would expect in the face of such audacity. Rumors had spread about some sort of illness, but that cover grew thin as the days passed.
Steve nodded again, his shoulders feeling heavy.
The time has come the Walrus said, to talk of many things.
“Don’t call me Antony, and I can’t imagine why I’d be angry that I spent two decades surrounded by liars. Or that it was you who dragged civilians into an
“What do you mean?”
. No singing in public. Dr. Erskine’s fishy diagnosis. Samuel and the staff were family. Sam was gone: shipped to safety. Lukas Deurr had been arrested in Munich and had left behind a wife and daughter and Stefen cared enough not to wish him executed.
“That’s what you said last night.” Tony reminded him. “You lied to me. You promised you wouldn’t let me fall asleep.”
“I felt it prudent to remind you of the Führer’s invitation” he explained unnecessarily.
"Erskine? Does anyone know where he is?" Virgina asked, looking up from where she and Harlod were easing Steve back to lying down.
There was a prisoner lying here in their goat pen with dark brown stains around his mouth and fingers. He’d been eating the goat's food.
It was deathly quiet in the room which made Maria’s quiet sniffles and Péter’s heavy breathing seem all the louder. It was the fear that he couldn’t quite hide that helped cool some of Bucky’s anger. He’d gotten his fair share of smacks over the head growing up (most of them well earned) but Stefen’s children had rarely required strict punishments and if he was honest with himself, Bucky was loath to deliver them.
He opened his mouth but couldn't find the words. He couldn't bring himself to say yes any more than he could say no.
“Not stupid.” Tony blinked in surprise at the sound of Stefen’s voice and catching his breath at the earnest expression that met him. Stefen leaned closer, jaw working stubbornly as his hand reached to cover Tony’s, and it was only then that he realized he was pressing the pen so ardently to the paper he was in danger of breaking it.
He stared at the sketch in his hands, the thick and fine lines swimming in front of his face.  He’d meant to be sketching Johans, but Johans had red hair. Red. So why had he filled it in so dark? And his hands were all wrong. Johans had fine but square hands, no scars. The hands Steve had drawn were longer, nimble fingered and lined with fine intricate little scars. They were the hands of a mechanic. Not the son of an accountant.
"They are second hand, and good enough for schoolboys. Should the Führer expend his recourses just so Robert Drake can find further excuses to explain his less than satisfactory performance?"
Artur shrank suddenly unsure of himself, with a look back at Stark, he crept back into his chair as if he'd been kicked.
“I’m fine.” He panted with all the strength he had left and then heaved himself over onto his side, and threw up.
"But you're a kinder soul." Steve took the hand laying on his chest between his own and brought it to his lips with a tired smile and pressed a kiss against the soft skin at Tony's wrist. "Thank you for that."
Steve frowned as Artur coughed, blinking sleepily up at him from where he rested against the rim of the tub. Despite the soothing heat of the water the rattling cough had not completely subsided, though the wheezing was thankfully less audible.
“Now. Shall I tell you why I'm really here and why I've called a meeting with you? Yes, I think I shall. I'm here because I simply had to be the one to deliver the news. You and your family are to go on a tour.”
Steve continued to try and struggle his way out of the crate only to have Magda shove him back. A frustrated snarl ripped passed Steve’s lips as she shoved him back, again, and held him down. She was a head shorter than him, healthy, strong, and desperate to stop him. But she wasn’t Steve, she wasn’t desperate to save her children. She couldn’t stop him. Nobody could stop him.
“The Sorrows of Young Werther.”
“How terribly sad.” She murmured as she came to stand in front of Natacha, something graceful in her motion despite the efficiency of her step. “Seven children, and that all of you should turn out so frail.”
Tony scolded gently from just behind his ear, warm breath tickling the skin gently and Steve squeezed his eyes shut, aggressively rubbing at his face with both palms, pushing on his eyes, trying and failing to relieve the pounding echoing inside his skull.
He didn’t know whether he was family or friend to the girl, only that he seemed terrified of Steve and determined to protect her. Steve backed away, torn between continuing to try and help and finding his family.
They were supposed to have 52,000 men ready for a campaign in Czechoslovakia and, though it hadn’t been specifically ordered yet, Poland. 13,000 of those men were under his and Rogers command.
“I don't know if I have it in me to sit by. I know
“It’s good to see you Péter, but I think at home we should drop the sir.” Natacha gave him an incredulous look but Steve went on. “And since we’re all together again… I guess that makes this home.”
The structure wasn’t lit but even so, Tony could make out the sharp point of the snow laden roof, and a small shuttered square window just below it in the loft. The cabin was rectangle and short, nearly square in shape, but for a small section jutting out just five feet or so to the right of the door. There was a stone chimney on that end of the structure, but the snow had piled up so high it looked as if half of the lodge were climbing out of a snowbank. The windows below the loft were slightly bigger, but shuttered up tight against the winter elements.
~*~*~*~
So that was the way it was to be, the whole family on parade.  Stefen had to be livid, but Tony couldn’t be anything but relieved. He’d see Stefen soon and the children would be reunited with their father.
(I know her team is actively interviewing animation artists for any fellow creatives out there).  You can message me with any questions about
Around them the other children’s good mood began to sink, worry tightening their faces. Bucky wasn’t having any of that, damn whatever Stevie thought the danger was.
“Tony!”
"I'll always fight if it means I have the power to help people.” Steve answered. “With that power comes a responsibility, but my first responsibility is to you... I've not been a good father, I know."
“Including you Tony,” Ian spoke up, nodding to an untouched pile near where he sat on the couch, a book on mandolins of all things open in his lap. At that same moment Hammer and Hogan managed to get the mysterious crate open with a great creak, and a cheer went up as the top popped open. It was a moment before the two men could sort through the packing straw and wrestle out the crates contents. The machine’s body was long and tube like with a rounded head, and had at least two spouts that Tony could see. It looked like it could be as tall as Sara standing up, and almost proud of that fact as it glinted a fine polished silver, the name Le Pavoni etched in elegant gold script on a royal blue plaque.
“Herr Stark. Forgive me, but I should make it clear to you that if you witnessed any odd behavior from Captain Rogers this evening it was a result of weariness and not, as you say, drunkenness. The captain is trusted with matters of grave importance. He is not a man known to indulge.”
He should stay, he thought with a sick feeling twisting in his gut.
With minimal fuss, Virginia had drawn the curtains and fetched extra blankets to cover Stefen in while James had built up the fire until it roared and began to fill the room with heat.
“Is this true?” he asked the doctor who stilled with a pensive frown for a fraction of a section.
We're baaaack. Yes here after months (so sorry) with another installment of this saga for your reading pleasure. We want to apologize again for the wait. FIOT and I are both working on exciting creative projects and then FIOT had a medical emergency and you know how these things go. But it is finally done and hopefully well worth the wait.
Now he knew better. Now he was just that much older, and Tony despised it.
The children, Natacha most of all, had been thrilled at the prospect of dinner and an evening out at the shops, though James was pouty when he learned that Bucky had plans to meet an old friend for dinner. Bucky’d a pointed look and Steve had nodded toward the card Herr Shultz had given him, laying innocuously on a side table near the entrance to the front hall. He trusted Bucky to meet their contact and get a proper tally on the situation. Meanwhile he needed to have a talk with Susann, the sooner the better. It had been some years since he’d visited … Peggy used to love it down there. They should all go, Steve decided. The children would enjoy it.
Sometimes, even though Bucky had not been there to see it, he still dreamed of laying his mother down in her grave, her face peaceful finally in death, the silver gleam of her bridal coins twinkling out from beneath the dirt they shoveled over her.
Charlotte had come to see her, to help with the children even when both of their mothers had refused, for fear of catching it themselves. Her mother had been terribly upset with her for putting herself at risk that way, but Charlotte had never regretted it.
“James, you’re being stupid! You dress yourself every day.” Natacha was scoffing as Tony stepped past her into the room, carefully stepping over the shards of a shattered vase and tiredly reaching for the pair of shorts James had thrown across the room.
The man smiled at him like he’d said something right and Artur wanted to cry.
"He looks more Italian than either me or Lang, that’s for sure," was all he said but Stefen shot him a deadly glare.
The name F. Banks was written on the card along with a date and time and what it took Tony a moment to realize was digits for a radio frequency. Who was F.Banks? Friedrich Banks, maybe? Tony looked up from the card to Stefen in anticipation.
“He’s an entirely different story.”
The crisis averted relief bubbled up through Tony in the form of laughter, though his grip on the boy remained tight.
~*~*~
“Chanuka...” Tony sounded choked up. Steve looked and saw a suspicious sheen in his eyes. “It’s the first night.”
"It's not his feet that are the problem. What have I told you about flirting with my girls Tony?”
Steve squeezed Artur closer and whispered, “Shall we give him a visit?”
“It’s in the breeding I’m afraid. I did warn Margrit.” she tutted and Tony bristled, biting his tongue to keep from saying any of the hundreds of replies that leaped to mind. She stroked Natacha’s cheek with her thumb, bestowing the kind of fondness one might upon a pet as her lips spread into a wide smile that did nothing to warm her eyes.
“Captain, you ought to come hear the children this afternoon.”
The letter continued on, each word more barbed then the last. It was signed
he’d promised, but by the time Steve had checked at the bank and Tony’s usual haunts, the dinner hour had come and gone.
He watched Bucky’s progress down the hall and waited for the door to close and the light to go out, before he opened his door. There was always the possibility that Bucky, knowing Steve, had just turned out the light and continued drinking in the dark, but he was a grown man. He could choose his own mistakes.
“They aren’t hurt. All these wild rumors and the worst that’s happened to anyone is they’ve had to move. I’m sorry if they found that inconvenient, but Germans must put Germany first. You can’t deny that Hitler has done that and done some good.” Zimmerman stubbornly insisted.
“There’s a shipment headed up to Belgium not long from now, if they’re on it then my girl is docked there getting ready to take a load back to England. How many are we talking?”
Steve’s stomach twisted, imagining the close call but he simply nodded briskly opening the envelopes to examine the folded documents within. Immigration papers for Anya and Péter Maximoff, officially stamped and everything.
"I don't have time to argue with you Charlotte." Father snapped in reply, brusquely shaking her off and Charlotte's eyes narrowed on him dangerously for a moment, her expression going rigid.
His jaw ticked. Gone. Wiped over like a stain on cloth. Leopoldstadt had been…
“I’ll lend you gloves,” she’d said after he’d stared at the clothes for a long moment. “And a cap.”
“How?” Artur asked warily, wiping his tears with the back of his palm.
She hummed, looking at him from under her lashes in a way she and Steve both knew drove nearly every man from here to berlin mad and murmured with a secretive little smile, “Yes, but whom I wonder?”
Cap was kneeling, trowel in hand, his back to Tony and the children.
Stefen’s mouth dipped into a dangerous scowl and Tony bit his lip to keep from laughing. Tony had a feeling the maids were in for it when they got back.
“Peter. Let your father and I worry about your siblings.” Tony gently squeezed his arm, drawing Peter out of his thoughts. His smile was small but encouraging as he continued softly in the quiet of the car, “You’re not wrong. You are blessed in a way that many others aren’t. But that’s a privilege Peter and not a character flaw. It’s enough that you know and don’t take it for granted.”
Stefen did not share Tony’s optimistic view, nervously twitching and grinding his teeth the entire drive to the cottage district; because it would just be the worst sort of shame if they offended his good friend the baroness. Tony, by contrast, was in a brilliant mood.
~*~*~*~
Stark and
"And now you sound like your mother. They always hoped you'd be the best of them you know."
“Here! Now hurry up man, before we lose our lives in this godforsaken place!” he shoved the documents in the man’s face before his companion dutifully snatched them from Tony’s hand.
Steve reached out before he could stop himself and Tony’s shoulder jumped as Steve’s fingers brushed him. He hadn't meant to reach out but it seemed he never could do what he ought to with Tony.
"Yes.” Stefen admitted, low and eerily calm. Tony closed his eyes with a shudder and Stefen’s thumbs stroked over the back of Tony’s arms. Then he was twisting his arms out of Tony’s grasp and pulling away. “But not tonight. They'll want a show and that will buy the resistance time. Bucky will know what to do."
"He needs me." Father said, the words punching out of his chest more like a desperate plea than an explanation.
“A woman could find herself married, grandmothered, and in the grave waiting on you James,” Virginia replied drolly and Steve bit back a chuckle.
“Extremely.” Coulson replied with a short nod. Tony wanted to ring his neck.
Of course when he said it, he had no idea just how true those words were. At that very moment two things were happening. Harold who was taking his lunch on the steps outside the garage hearing the sound of an approaching motor car sat up suddenly, and recognizing the old family car ran to ring the house bell and alert the staff to make ready for the captain’s return.
Sixth of February. Two days until... the 8th. Ian’s birthday. Four weeks after Maria’s. She would be six, Ian twelve. If they...
“Yes and years of pent up guilt over that very fact. I do this for your health and mine.”
Tony thrust the little brown bottle under her nose, and to her credit Pepper didn’t ask what it was, where he’d gotten it, or how he could be sure it had poisoned the captain. No, she took one moment to look at his face and really see the fear as well as the conviction etched there and stepped back – like a gate giving way to the horses on a racetrack.
The boy had already striped down and was helping Maria out of her clothes, chattering to her about being a mermaid. She looked less than impressed with this.
“Charlotte,” He began but she cut him off.
Steve shook his head clear, turning quickly around to peer at his daughter once more, noticing now that she was indeed wearing one of the skirts she’d packed for their journey over the mountains, rather than one of the newer ones that had been donated to her by Tony’s aunt. Tony was right about her having outgrown it. Sitting down, it rode up over her knees.
Maria Rogers stood in the middle of the room, shivering in her pale blue night gown with a stuffed toy clutched desperately to her chest.
While Tony didn’t doubt Stefen’s sincerity it was impossible also not to note that admired or not, he’d still had Weiss tilling his soil beds.
Péter looked up from his kodak to find that his brother James was staring at Cameron who hadn’t moved from where he was curled on the couch by the fireplace under a blanket for some hours now. James’ voice had that whiney quality he always got when he was frustrated.  He must have gotten bored with drawing. Artur who was laying upon the rug with his zoology book spread open in front of him, sat up, ruining the perfectly good shot that Péter was trying to capture of him and he sighed.
They had to wait a bit for the applause to die down after that, and the raucous shouting for an encore had Bucky looking to Tony questioningly, but Tony shook his head, jabbing his finger at the edge of the stage where Julia had reappeared, Stefen’s mandolin in hand. The captain also turned to look, and spotting it he visibly blanched, shooting Tony a look so desperate with worry he was sure Striker could see it from his table.
“They’re decorations for the party.” The boy answered, quickly snatching the banner away from Tony’s hands.
“You, uh, suck on the ice. It helps.”
In many cases they took only those they now classified as illegal, separating spouses and parents from their children. In others they took whole families- forcing small children from their beds and to dress quickly without resistance or disturbing their neighbors.
“She worked real hard my ma,” Stefen said after a few minutes, the weight of missing her heavy in each word.
This time there was no evasion, Virginia was far smarter than that.
It wasn't dirt covering his clothes and hands Tony realized, his heart sinking into his stomach and starting to burn. It was ash.
The sound of him spluttering and coughing carried across the lake.
"I won't go." Her voice had been reduced to a shrill hiss with fright, her garbled German almost intelligible. "
"Take care of yourself." he settled for, though it felt inadequate.
The wind blew sharply down the narrow alley in front of St. Péter's abbey, but Péter barely felt the chill. Pepper must have grabbed one of his father’s coats because it swam on Péter, and even if it hadn’t his whole body was thrumming with anticipation. He could tell Tony was too by the way he kept aggressively jabbing the buzzer next to the door. Distantly Péter heard the clanging of the bell, so he knew that the monks had to hear it too. But the hour was late, and it was some time before a dark clad monk with a jangling set of keys appeared in front of the door.
Péter ran off to the fireplace and Ian followed him, an eager gleam in his eye. Their boisterous energy seemed to spill over onto Artur who began to bounce on his feet in anticipation. They’d even drawn James’ curious eyes, though the younger boy kept his usual scowl firmly in place.
“Sorry but I’m not in the mood for a fuck,
Tony quipped from his perch on the corner of the large desk. His mouth spreading into a wicked grin.
“I don’t feel like discussing this again. You know why I have to fight and you know as well as I that the children need you.” Stefen groused, prowling back and forth like an animal in a cage. Stefen had closed off, Tony could see it in every line of his posture and hear it in his tone. The captain was in no mood to hear any more and so he wouldn’t no matter how much breath Tony wasted.
He was saved momentarily from his indecision as Bakhuizen strode into the room through the serving door, snow still clinging to his ulster coat and the fur lined hat he wore, fresh from travel.
Khalmmer raised his brows in surprise. “Major, do you not remember?”
“Do you remember Ian?” Péter prompted and both he and Tony waited patiently for Ian to decide to speak. When he did, his voice was quiet and scratchy like he was hovering on the verge of tears.
It was a good thing Tony’s first instinct was to bite his tongue and muffle the near scream of fright that startled out of him or else he was likely to have woken the entire household as a body dropped down from the balcony above with the skill of an acrobat.
Absolutely not.
"Steve…” Tony licked dry lips and tried to say with as much delicateness as he was capable. “You don't even know if the rest of your caravan survived after you left them. As much as I know it hurt to lose their way of life, your families survived because you and Bucky found a way to make that happen."
“I have conditions,” Tony interrupted and Agent Neuman's smile disappeared.
“But I promised you the end of the line.” Bucky snorted. “Christ, if I’d know you were gonna be dragging me around trying to find it.”
He’d been so passed out they could have dumped him from the back of the truck and made off with his last coin.
“He’ll be fine. Come now. It's not every day one is placed so close to fame and glory. Enjoy it. While you can.” Schmidt said as he crossed the room to stand in front of Steve. They were nearly the same height. Steve had the strangest impression that in that moment, no matter reality, Schmidt was taller.
By the time they'd finally packed up, left camp and rowed their boats across the lake and returned home she'd been so tired she just wanted to fall into her bed and sleep for a hundred years like Briar Rose but Father had touched her elbow and pulled her aside.
“I believe in the good in you.” He confessed quietly, wondering even as he said it when the other shoe would fall.
Hammer’s lips puckered like he’d tasted something foul.
“It’s too late,” he heard the voice of some bitter, broken, sounding man admit. “We’re already drowning.”
“Yes. Er… no, no, that is not yet. Thank you Shultz.”
“The Sleeping Beauty?” Stefen asked, incredulous. “Tony, quit messing around.”
The rest of the children were watching them, exchanging small looks of worry.
The soldier waving the paper barked something harsh into his handheld transceiver and the gate began to creak open.
“He’s been that way since his wife passed I’m afraid,” Pepper answered with an air of quiet sadness that told Tony not only of her fondness for the Captain but also for his late wife. “Though you might not believe it, this used to be a house full of laughter, oh and music. The Captain’s wife loved to dance. They would throw such wonderful parties people used to say this house lit up Salzburg.”
He’d picked it up to discover what looked to be rather impressive mathematical equations involving his son and a mouse. He’d caught himself wondering for a brief moment if Stark had made it all up or if he really had measured the number of centimeters on average that Artur preferred to hold the thing from the ground.
But it wasn’t.
He rested a hand over his bruised ribs, the reality of his situation sitting like a rock on his chest. He drew in a careful breath steady in the knowledge of his mission. They would just have to accept it.
“That’s great Tony,” Steve said, sounding distracted. He stepped toward Tony and then seemed to think better of it. Stopping in the middle of the room he beckoned with one hand. “Would you come here for a moment?”
That terrified him. But it was suddenly brilliantly clear that it didn't matter anymore.
Even though he was armed and he knew without a shadow of a doubt that he would kill them before they had the chance to touch his family, it was still the longest drive of his life.
Tony let that rest. He could feel Stefen looking at him but did not look back. He didn’t want to know what he’d see on his face when he did. Instead, he leaned back in his chair and smiled. Might as well let them all see who he was.
An excited burst of chatter had erupted from the others and Tony had caught Pepper’s eye searchingly, relieved when she gave a barely perceptible nod. She smiled at him and the children seemed to take this as confirmation because the noise level escalated as if someone had declared that summer was going to last six months longer this year.
“You ought to lay down Sir. You don't look well.”
to bear. The radio was all the relief they had, so even though Tony didn't know if it wasn't doing more harm than good, it had become part of their daily routine to listen to the news broadcasts.
. Steve immediately thought.
Charlotte chuckled, eyes widening in surprise and Steve didn’t know what to do so he just stared as the duchess gave the prince an exasperated look that gave Steve the impression she might have rolled her eyes had she been a tad less regal.
Artur nodded eagerly.
Tony shifted, suddenly feeling that the room was too drafty.
It had been a partially nasty extraction. Not as nasty as an extraction as he'd been trying to make when the ground next to him had exploded.
"James, let Ian dry you off first." Tony called out, ignoring James responding groan. Casting a stern glance over each of the others he added, "That goes for the lot of you. You'll catch your deaths running off in wet underthings."
He did. Of Course Steve did, but there was no one else he could trust.
“Well I’m famished. I for one would eat a steamed boot if Willamina would boil it- hey you’ve left my bags.” Bucky prattled, switching tracks mid-sentence when he noticed Harold had pulled their trunks from the car and picked up Stefen’s but left his.
"Why five?" Tony asked, mind racing ahead. Pieces of thought flying out of the corners of his mind and taking new shape.
“We’ll call the police of course, what else would we do?” Magda grunted as they worked, trying to relieve the pinched look her sister was wearing.
A sudden knock at the door cut her off and had both their heads turning sharply toward the sound. The children stared at the door as if it were a hungry lion as the knocking came again. Steve stepped between them and it as Captain Khalmmer’s voice came from the other side.
“Who the hell is Pepper? And Péter is fourteen! Don’t bring my child into this – ”
To be fair, Becker had no desire to be in the vicinity when General Schmidt came onto the barracks either. But it was their sergeants' jobs to take the platoons out for hikes and training excursions. The non-commissioned officer's jobs to get down in the grime and muck.
“You with me?” Bucky knew. Bucky always knew.
*The story that Steve tells is a real Roma fairy tale, collected and written down by Roma actress, playwright, and researcher Alina Şerban. They are part of a larger project to conserve Roma culture and of course to share with a wider public. Shoot a message our way if you'd like a link to the website with more details.
“It is when you climb over the gate and try to sneak in through the window,” Natacha returned hotly, ignoring Clinton’s muttered grumbling as she turned to pin her glare on Tony and demand, “who is he?”
No one could know what they were. They’d be rounded up and shipped away. Father would never allow them to be taken. He’d fight, and then he’d die. It made her want to vomit, just thinking about it, but she was strong. She was not a child to hide away from hard truth. The truth was, war could happen any day now and when it did Father would be called back to active duty and then… then he might still very well die and leave them alone in the world.
"Where the hell did you get a radio?" Steve jerked at the sound of Bucky's loud voice. Somehow he'd forgotten the man was on his way up and hadn't heard him step so close with the headset on.
He felt sick.
“Not exactly.” Tony answered, shutting the door of the workshop behind him. “She’s bigger, to carry more passengers, but her engine is going to make her the fastest thing on the water. Big bottom or no.”
“Perhaps,” she allowed. “But Péter is right. I did the math.”
“Allow? I kicked her out of it.” Tony corrected, pulling his elbow free of the captain’s unforgiving grip. Stefen did not seem to notice the strength of it. “Why, Tony?” he practically growled, and Tony huffed in irritation.
"Let me handle that. Fear of a no is no reason to back down Péter, remember that." Tony smiled at him again, this one feeling more genuine than the last. Happier somehow. Tony raised himself up from the piano bench and Péter stepped back to walk with him toward the door but halted, surprised when Tony reached for his hand. That was strange, Péter thought at first until it occurred to him with dawning horror that he might still have paint under his nails.
"I'm a genius, which considering the advice the last idiot gave you is much better wouldn't you agree? Help me get his clothes off."
"Only because Tony came back. If he hadn't, Father would have died because of me. So, it's not different at all." Natacha pointed out calmly, her needles clinking together. She kept one eye on the music room door, where their guard for the evening was stationed.
On the bed Péter released the breath he’d been holding in a whoosh and sagged. Tony turned toward the crates and told the others it was safe to come out. He had barely managed to get the words out before the tops of crates were flying open and Ian, Sara and James popped out like springed toys.
He ruffled Artur's hair and leaned down slightly so that their faces were closer.
To their captain's credit he didn't pause to question the lieutenant before he was blowing on his own whistle, gesturing for the men to follow as he waved and hollered in a vain attempt to get the conductors attention and halt the train. Unfortunately, it was too late to stop the locomotive, and the sound of its roaring engine and squealing wheels drowned out everything else as it began to pull away.
“I know.” He replied with a small chuckle, his heart feeling a little too big for his chest. “He teaches me something new every day.”
She'd been waiting outside city hall for over an hour, and Charlotte was finding it hard not to fidget. Her poor wrinkled handkerchief bore the brunt of her anxiety, as she continued to twist it over and over again in her lap, watching the people outside her window. And still, she didn't see the boy in the cap approaching the car until he was rapping on the window, startling her out of her contemplation. Even with his cap pulled low Charlotte could see the impish delight at having freighted her in the boys twinkling almond eyes, a smug smirk stretched between his grubby cheeks. Charlotte frowned, prepared to shoo the boy away, when something about him made her look closer.
Purposeful, Tony decided. That was a good word for it. Stefen had found new purpose.
Never mind it. She must press on.
“To go against such numbers would be madness.”
to. “Oh fuck. Fuck!”
“I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Captain.” Steve startled as the prince held out his hand. He blinked at it for a good moment, not sure in the least that it was real and he wasn’t having another vivid dream.
~*~*~*~
“I’m not my father.” He tried to dissuade, but Agent Neuman's thin lips just curled in a knowing smile.
“Terrified!” They had Bucky’s full attention now. There was almost something savage in the way he snapped, “What the hell do you mean?!”
love Charlotte the same way he’d loved Margrit. And as fine a woman as Charlotte was, Steve did not want to spend what was left of his life in what would amount to a pretense.
"You're right of course.” Stefen replied stiffly. “I presumed. Herr Stark if I misread-"
“That’s great. I’m not keen on being a tutor anyway,” Tony replied, nodding to Péter as the boy fell back into line. “I prefer friends.” If he’d hoped for some sort of confirmation from Péter his sister didn’t give it a chance as she was already marching her way forward to begin her own introduction.
“Have you eaten yet?” Rogers asked the man instead. Typical.
Steve tried to stand and bumped his thigh against his desk sending a jolt of white hot pain through his injured leg. He collapsed back into his chair with a stifled grunt.
“Father should garnish his wages.” she mumbled.
“Please. My children.” He forced the words out, wincing at how mangled and desperate they sounded. He did not like to beg, but he’d beg for them. He’d do anything for them.
“What do you know about Captain Rogers?” Niklas asked. He was the picture of nonchalance as he leaned back in his chair, seemingly content to wait days, months, or however long it took for Tony to reply, but Tony knew he wouldn’t ask if he didn’t have a hidden motive behind it. Nik’s hidden motives had hidden motives. He could feel himself start to sweat but he was a Stark. Acquiring a poker face was practically a prerequisite.
Kirk nodded minutely, a shark toothed grin splitting his lips as he slowly shook his head. “I’ll need to clear it with my first mate, either he’s in the loop or no deal. And I’ll need the money up front. I know better than to get gypped.”
Tony had stooped to gingerly picked up the book, but the spine just completely split down the center, a few pages drifting out and fluttering to the ground like wounded birds.
It took a few minutes more to dry Sara’s tears and sooth Maria, but the day got started like all the others. Father kept them all in close proximity, and when the men came to inquire why he had not answered his summons for duty, Charlotte told them he was still feeling under the weather.
Bucky’s eyebrows crawled up his face. Might be? Ha. How many blue-eyed escapees over six feet tall were roaming through the area anyway?
“This, from the girl who a moment ago didn’t know the answer?” Tony considered her with a bored expression. “Or are we just feeling lazy, frauline?”
"I'd hoped you'd noticed," she said, casting her eyes down demurely for a moment. The motion did not help. At all.
“Steve,” he pleaded, voice rasping, the coins clinking together as he shifted toward the captain, whose face lifted with surprise at the sound of his boyhood pet name on Tony’s lips. Tony surged toward him, claiming his mouth and Stefen melted against him.
A rusty chuckle rumbled in his chest and Bucky dropped his head, relieved that even now after all these years they could fight like cats and dogs and still come out the other end.
He grimaced, disgust turning in his stomach. It wasn't the first time it had happened after a dream like that. He knew, intellectually, that when the blood was high a man couldn’t always choose how his body reacted, had said as much to embarrassed men under his command in the past, but it never failed to make him feel sick when it came to his own body.
“And I thought a lady never lied,” Tony replied with a shrug as Sara slipped her hand in his. It was slightly sticky with heaven only knew what but he supposed that was fairly typical with small children.
"But if for some reason we can't, you need to know the truth. It has become too dangerous for us to stay. We must get out of the reach of the Germans, by whatever means necessary."
Natacha matched her rhythm, content with the task she’d been given. As grateful for the silence of the women working within the kitchen as she was for Maria’s voice filling the halls, haunting in more ways than just beautiful. Tony had chosen the song for her to sing before the riots, because the composer was popular, and the song well known. It had been a small act of defiance before, a jab at the public conscience and a sweetened plea for empathy; but it wasn’t that now. Now it was a song of swans.
“Susopids!” he demanded eagerly, only for his face to crease into a frown at their blank expressions.
Shame flooded through him. Gritting his teeth, he pushed the fleeting thought away.
Charlotte noticed that although her voice stayed level the grip Natacha had on her napkin was white knuckled, and she tried to soften her answer.  “Yes, of course they're both coming back. In fact all this involves them as well.”
Steve didn’t even look at him. He nodded stiffly, eyes glued to Stark as if the man were a grenade about to go off.
"Me? I'm too old for school in Switzerland."
The chalet was wonderful, like something out of one of Ian’s old books. It was oversized, but not unattractive for it, the wood painted a pearly white that stood out amongst the towering pines at its back. In summer the berghof no doubt looked splendid set against the green of the mountainside, but it was no less so here in winter, with the softly drifting snow covering everything.
Steve ignored their squabbling to give Virginia a kiss on her cheek and whisper his thanks in her ear. A holiday breakfast had not been that warm or lively for years and seeing the people who had shown him so much loyalty through the ups and downs, happy and well cared for, brought a lump to his throat.
"Thank you. That's very kind mister…?"
“I almost killed him once, did you forget?” She said with a scowl. “I appreciate what you’re trying to do, Tony, but the truth is I’m not like you. I’m not a good person.”
The bed pulled up against the window cushioned his decent and kept the floors from creaking. Tony caught his breath as Péter quickly pulled the rope up behind him. Tony’s heart squeezed painfully in his chest when he didn’t see either Ian, Sara or James, but Péter grabbed his arm, nodding his head franticly toward the wall of crates when he had Tony’s attention. Good. The door was latched and the others were hiding. But Tony frowned, realizing that to hear his tapping so quickly Péter couldn’t have been hiding in one of the crates like he was supposed to be.
“He’ll do well for the Sicherheltsdienst. They’re expanding you see. Anyway,” he fluttered a hand at Steve as if he were discussing the weather, “before he left he expressed concern over your son. Why he wasn’t taking his rightful place at the officer school.”
The curfew had made things difficult for Péter and the other Salzburg X-Men to perform their strikes but Péter had a unique advantage over the others, being a leader in the HJ.
Stefan held him in a sturdy grip but it was so clear he was out of his depth, Tony’s lips tugged into a smile. The man was hopeless.
He was unpredictable and he talked too much. He said everything he shouldn’t say and refused to lie even as he lived one.
“He said he would think about it. I’m old enough to know that means no.” he insisted, dropping the pen in his hand loudly on the table.
“Not a chance Ginger. I’m not letting you hurt yourself.”
Bucky thought again on the contents of that letter but a sickening twist in his guts had him dispelling the thoughts. They did no good to dwell on. His mother used to say misery would come in its own time. Why invite it in?
"As I've reminded you and Stefen both, what seems like dozens of times, I have an excellent talent for recall."
Natacha felt cold and suddenly very small. Father had never said as much. When they heard stories, rumors of families kicked out of their homes, people arrested and disappearing without word, they were always assured it was only happening to the bad people. People who were against the Reich, or people who were jealous and greedy and out to destroy all that good hardworking Germans had built like the Jews.
A dark cloud drifted over him as Charlotte’s face drifted up in his mind. He wondered how she would fit for a moment, before he was forced to accept the fact that she wouldn’t.
"Tony-”
“Ah, so it’s jewelry then. Great minds truly do think alike.” Tony chattered brightly as he walked around the bed to the nightstand and looked inside for the gift. He found it almost immediately as the little white box wasn’t wrapped and sat on top of the books inside the little drawer as if it had been set there at pride of place.
“Slow down Stevie,” Bucky grumbled behind him. “Where the hell are you going so fast?”
But it was still early spring. Tony decided each night that they could afford to wait one more day before moving on. By May he swore privately to himself. Alright, end of May at the very latest.
Steve's mouth was dry and he took another breath, trying to clear his head of the encroaching fog of painful memories. That strange floating sensation had retuned and he fought against it, trying to focus on Péters face.
“-I’m hungry!” Artur declared. “When is supper?”
“I was looking for a particular book, for the children’s lessons. The Captain mentioned having a copy, but I can’t seem to find it,” Tony prattled, thinking quickly.
“How long? You're not happy you're serving the Reichland? When so many would love to hold the privileges that you do.”
The hotel had obviously given the captain one of their best options. There were fresh flowers in every vase within the sitting room and there was bright sunshine beaming in through the balcony.
He was a liability and they didn’t need any more of those.
Steve lay awake listening as his son’s breaths slowly evened out, the wheezing fading as he slid into sleep, the hand he had rested on the child’s back rising and falling with each breath. He counted each one, the fear that they might suddenly stop at any moment repeatedly snatching him back from the edges of sleep.
When no blow came, he didn’t stop to ask why. Perhaps she was afraid. Whatever the case, if he could just catch his breath, just gather the strength to move. Now that his hands were somewhat free, he could... but the train of thought slid away from him as if it were water poured through his hands. Dizzy, he was so dizzy. His vision filled with black spots.
"You'll like getting to know them-“ Steve began to assure her but a furrow had appeared in the middle of Charlotte’s brow.
Steve let him go, the anger that had gripped him already crumbling in the wake of memory and the absurd desire to poke his tongue out at his old friend.
It shouldn’t have caught Steve by surprise but it did a little. Schmidt was nothing if not an excellent chess player.
Bastard.
The Führer was Germany and Germany was sick.
“Very busy. They asked him to go to Germany to work with a coalition of scientists in Dachau.”
"Yes, when is Péter coming home?!" Artur demanded, lip jutting out in a teary eyed pout and Tony held his breath.
“How about two for the price of one?” he bargained. Honestly she was the daughter of a German officer, one on the rise at that. She should be fluent in more than German, no matter what the ideology was. It was just logical.
Next to him Natacha took an unsteady breath and Péter glanced at her. Her hand shook as she turned the next page.
“Seems a lot of effort. It’ll be louder than the gates o’ hell in here when you’re working, but stuff some cotton in your ears and you should be fine.”
Péter leaned over and spit blood out of his mouth. Digging his fingers against the cold surface of the floor he pushed himself up, climbing shakily to his feet.
He wrapped an arm around them, warm little bodies underneath frigid coats and mittens, and had the thought that he’d never let them go again. But James was already tearing away from him. He’d noticed Stefen sitting up in the bed and was scrambling now to get to him. Just like he did with Tony he threw himself at Stefen, who grunted from the force of it but held on tight as they fell backward. Tony winced, hearing the undisguised pain in that grunt, fearing the man would do himself an injury in all the excitement.
“It’s near planting season. Good men are in short supply.” The balding man replied somewhat hesitantly at first. “All the young ones are signing up. I’m too old of course.” Saying nothing of being too fat, and scared of his own shadow, he looked Bucky over critically, as if wondering why a man still in his prime wasn’t eager to wear a uniform.
Steve could feel eyes boring into his back but that was just James.
“You really ought to get better locks,” Tony exclaimed in a rush, already dropping Maria into the backseat of the car. He didn’t know how he’d done it, or how it was possible, but in that moment a breathless laugh punched out of Steve’s chest. He was next to Tony a moment later, to help him load the other children – ignoring the furious protests of the driver.
Bucky lingered in the door for a moment, his face pinched as he watched Tony rummage around in the dark, tripping over small bodies all the while – it was going to be a cramped winter indeed - until he found the candles and a matchbook tucked into a kitchen drawer. It took several tries, fingers stiff and shaking, but he managed to light the damn thing. He tried for a smirk but it felt stiff on his face and probably looked so damn far from it.
“Or they’d eat him!” Artur demanded once more, mouth dropping open and Stefen laughed, the sound rumbling deep in his chest.
! You asked me to protect them but nothing is going to protect them from the damage these walls will cause if you keep them locked up. They are
Tony’s mouth twitched with tension and he turned his gaze back on Steve, something in it open and vulnerable.
under control. He wouldn’t make it through a meeting with the Führer in this state. He couldn’t-the war minister would- he had to! He had to but, he didn’t know where he was going to find the strength. It was everything he could do not to clutch his skull and scream himself hoarse. He couldn’t keep up the mask. Couldn’t breathe. Steve shuddered and swayed as his thoughts careened out of control.
. My, how quickly you’ve forgotten all that we shared in Berlin.” He scoffed. “Well let me remind you. I am not your servant to order about and I’m not some soldier you can court martial either. I am your friend, and as such I will not sit by and allow you to make a mistake that could cost you your life, damn whether you want my help or not.”
Steve still doubted it but Tony’s voice was sharp and tight with urgency as he slapped a hand down loudly against the sill in demand.
"Oh fuck." Tony groaned. "We need to do something or we're all going to die."
There was still something of a disappointed pout on Péter’s face as he accepted the compromise but Tony could hardly blame him, just as eager to chase their line of theory until it became a reality. He agreed with Péter. The boy was uncommonly intelligent in a way that Tony found invigorating. Together they might just have been able to figure out the impossible.
Göring laughed uproariously, chest heaving. “Did you hear that Striker? A Jew looked like you.”
Maria gasped and Natacha glowered and leaned over to whisper in James’ ear. What the devil was going on at his table?
“Herr Stark?”
Tony had found that rough edged side of Stefen appealing from the first, but now that he knew how tightly Stefen clung to the protection of an officer’s polish and the trust he bestowed each time he let his guard down, it was doubly so.
Sam reached out again and patted Steve's shoulder as he moved to go back to his dinner.
“Come now let's not play these games.”
They said that Baroness Schrader was coming in the morning to take them to their new home with the count and countess. Frauline Werner said they'd be less scared with Charlotte there, but she'd also said that Tony would be leaving them and Maria didn't think she could be brave if Tony left.
Bucky’s eyebrows crawled upward, his lips tensing around the cigarette in his mouth. He breathed out slow.
Steve clenched his jaw. Inconvenient or not, Tony was right. He had to take it slow. One threat at a time.
Perhaps they were too personal in nature for Stefen to feel comfortable leaving them out were anyone could find. He was considering stopping and putting the portfolio away until he found the first sketch of himself, leaning against the hood of the old family car, sleeves rolled up and mid grin. His focus was on Harold, though Harold was not depicted in the sketch. He remembered the day and the conversation. He’d been teasing Hogan about his endlessly optimistic outlook.
“You know, in my family when someone dies we make a point to sit together and think about them. Sometimes, just having someone sitting beside you when you feel loss like that can make all the difference. But talking can be good too.” Tony explained slowly, looking up as if pulled by some magnet to find Stefen watching them. “Remembering them is how we show that their soul touched ours. By sharing our stories and memories of them, whether good or bad, we soothe the souls of the living.”
