He'd first heard him in Nick's car when he'd been driving Steve to see some new jet they'd built. He told him it was his 'quiet day artist.' Steve couldn't really imagine Fury on non-quiet days; even his quiet days seemed to have an undercurrent of constant tension.
Steve sighed softly, swallowing down a lump in his throat. He hated to admit it but he was nervous. v He wished they didn't have to do this. His mark(s) might not have even settled yet and it might be impossible to tell still. They could be getting themselves worked up over nothing. "Okay," Steve let out a shaky breath. "Let's do this."
The crowd in the inner lobby had noticed them and was watching with undisguised interest.  It was hard to say which they found more fascinating: Steve in a collar, or Tony in a collar.  Some looked offended; others were sniggering.
"He is," Steve agreed with a tired smile, thinking of how Tony had walked around the liquor store hours ago, picking up various items and asking anxiously if they might make Banksy feel better.
Well, least he had some spunk in him when he got upset. Or maybe the pregnancy was just helping with that.
Steve was shaking his head where it was still tucked against Tony's neck. "No. No... I'm not good. I've done terrible things. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. I'm
Steve offered him a small but very real smile. He could tell he was tipsy but nearer tipsy rather than drunk. Hopefully Steve could get him to slow down after this.
elbow..."
"Don't worry, even I'm not crazy enough to try to roofie Captain America," he said with a laugh, already mixing Steve another drink.  "...wouldn't want him to break my nose."
"You should have
"I think I saw him in the lobby earlier.  His Alpha, Mike, he's got a new omega. I don't know her name, though."
"You don't get away that easy," Steve hissed as he fisted a hand in the man's hair. He pressed his face into the floor and leaned down, hissing in his ear. "Now, we can do this the easy way or the hard way."
He kissed the top of his head. The sedatives had left Steve feeling a little mellowed and he didn't quite feel the rush he had been feeling before. "Just... five minutes," Steve hummed.
"Wait,
Two men and one woman were sitting around the lab, brainstorming.
"Thanks, David," said Ty.  "If you see Richard, give Rex my regards."
"Ryan!  Dude! This crazy spade's kidnapping me!  Call the cops!"
Tony looked down at Steve and beamed.  "Great birthday," he confirmed, petting Steve's hair.  Steve looked so sweet in the collar. Tony ran a couple of fingers along the edge of it, brushing Steve's neck lightly.  "...the, uh... the Captain America get-up... that was inspired, Steve. My teenage self is very, very happy." He gave Steve a kiss on the top of the head.  "You want me to take off that collar so we can get the day started?" he offered.
"Irshad, I'm the president of the WORC." They shook hands too. It was all very formal.  Steve caught a small frown from Pierce and he wondered if SHIELD was unhappy with him for getting too "political."  As if he could help it.
Before Steve could respond, someone was hovering by the table.  "Hey, aren't you Iron Man?"
It had been a sleek, matte black, a rocket whose only identification was his own crisp, white name: STARK.  But he didn't need any identification to recognize it.  It was one of a series of short-range explosives with a small blast radius, a line Tony had glibly named "The Delegates."
"They look lovely," Steve said and pressed a quick kiss to Tony's cheek before he knelt down to rummage through the bag. He produced a small black box with a key in it. He handed it to Tony before kneeling back down in front of him.
"And we're not- I'm not mating you Buck. You have to get better.
"That was none of your business."
"Are you sure you'll be alright in here by yourself?" Happy asked with a faint frown on his features but Steve waved off his concern.
"...this woman, she... she pushed on an omega behind the ears and he went all dopey," said Tony, not wanting to mention it was Steve.
"...no," said Tony hoarsely.  He realized, after saying it, what a bone-headed lie it was.  Now Steve had heard his voice.
She held up a bottle of champagne nervously.  "You... asked for...?"
"Tony. Tony-- hey." Steve nuzzled against his cheek. His Alpha smelt tempting to him; of
He threaded their fingers together.  There was a flash and a shutter click as someone took their picture.  Tony gave Steve a gentle tug toward the bar. He felt the slightest bit peeved that Jane had had to ask that.  Jane was a beta; she clearly did not understand the ever-present, looming sense of inadequacy Steve had. He was an omega, one raised in the twenties and thirties, one who had been small and sick to boot.  Steve may have been perfect, now, but Steve was still vulnerable to moments like this, where he didn't feel good enough. Tony wasn't an omega but he could relate. Growing up under the influence of two Alphas who were both far, far more dominant than him had given him the same sort of self-esteem issues.
feel him?"
The flashing was kind of blinding. Steve stuck close to Tony, trying to hide behind him (an impossibility with his size), and didn't dare get in the way of his fans.  Tony was accepting things and signing them while Happy fruitlessly tried to get them some space.
"And now it's up to me to finish it, right?" asked Tony viciously.  "Maybe I don't
you."
"--also both omegas."
"Tony, you should eat-
Steve downed all of his 'lemonade' before Gideon came over, in preparation. He set the glass down on a pausing tray with canapés and exhaled slowly. Okay. It was time to be
Tony let himself be led into the diplomatic reception room.  Now that he was in, he was checking his watch instead of his phone.  He grabbed a martini as quickly as he could.  It was a small affair, less than thirty people: a couple key politicians (he spotted Senator Ross and cringed, then spotted Senator Stern and cringed harder) and a couple leaders from various organizations (the leader of WORC, the World Omega Rights' Council, was there).  Steve's absence was glaring.  Tony pretended it was normal.
Case in point: he was suddenly aware that he was curled in Steve's lap, no longer standing, and they weren't in the shower anymore, but he had no memory of being moved.
"...you could bottle that stuff and sell it for like a million dollars on eBay.  Eau de Steve," said Tony, still watching from a distance.
"About an hour ago."
Natasha paused, staring out the window of the jet, and added, "Next time, call me or Clint to talk to you, Steve.  You can't keep doing this. ...seriously." Her tone was more concerned than scolding.
(PS: Reminder: if you like Omega Rising, consider helping us name the first four parts.  You can win prizes!  Copy and paste this link to check out the form: https://goo.gl/forms/owng8a7o44TBOFlv2)
"Okay," said Tony blearily, getting out of bed.  He slouched toward the bathroom, at least to brush his teeth and put his contacts in.
"Well, it's okay if you do, you know..."
Pepper reached over and put a firm hand on Aria's knee.  She didn't like Sitwell either, but she didn't want Aria to explode.  Part of what they were here for was damage control.
"What?  No! Ty, neither of us would even notice it.  You're an omega who can't go into heat. You're perfect for this.  Your smell won't bother us at all."
"Tony.  A pleasure to finally meet you."
Tony's tongue flicked out onto Steve's fingertips as Steve touched his lips.
Tiberius strode over and grabbed a blanket off the bed to wrap around him.  Not that modesty mattered much during heats, but still, it was difficult to comfort a man with a pink dildo up his ass and a very impression erection.
Karpov was standing across the street from the hotel, his beret and military coat on, shoulders hunched against the cold.
"Okay, 'cause the thing is, Steve just tried to kill me."
He settled for black slacks, a white shirt, and an electric-blue jacket that had a conveniently high collar at the back. His neck wasn't even healed yet. And the thought of people taking pictures of it and pointing it out in the news, that made him feel sick.
"I'll show you just how much I like you being on that fridge if you don't get down right now Clint," Natasha warned, somehow still managing to look scary even with a banana wrapped around her face.
He felt a bloom of heat in his groin when Steve bit his lip.  He glanced down.  He and Steve seemed to both be in similar places.
Alpha, Steve's Alpha, which carried with it a sort of respectfulness that made Tony feel like a big man.
Then he let out a sigh of relief and dropped the stick, head falling into his hands.
A moment later he was holding an omega against him.  And for the first time since the whole mess had started... Justin actually looked afraid.
"I know we're still bonded," Steve said quietly. "It's not about that. I can't explain it exactly. I don't understand really. It's just, thinking about what's there doesn't make me feel good. It makes me feel unattractive and like a failure. I know you don't want to ignore it, Tony, and I really appreciate that. I've just... I gotta do stuff in my own time. I'm sorry."
"Tony! Over here!" Pepper beckoned him over but Agent May was shaking her head.
"I am terribly sorry about that. You know how Tony is. You deserved better."
"Phil?  Do you want something else?"
Natasha abandoned Steve and wheeled around.  Tony was climbing weakly to his feet.
"So you and Steve worked things out?" asked Rhodey.
He had at least a few suits on display, thank God.  He made a beeline for the nearest, the Mark VI, conveniently located next to stage 4.  He wasn't even sure if it would work with the new arc reactor.  Fuck.  Oh, fuck.
"You changed it?"
He sat on the floor, feeling the rumble of the plane's engines beneath him as they glided eastward, and dragged a gauntlet into his lap.  He gave it a few experimental flexes before sliding his hand into the skeletal metal scaffold.  The metal hand was a work in progress, an improvement over the old design.  He hadn't put any plates over it yet, so it was still was hollow, made up of wires and poles and bits of scrap folded over each other like scaling.  He'd drawn inspiration from his own tendons; after all, weren't tendons themselves just organic puppet strings?  He flexed, feeling the metal brace slide and shift with his body.  It was incredibly heavy and he had yet to weaponize it.  But he was pleased with the fluidity of movement.  The gears shifted a bit jerkily; he'd have to work on that.  He grabbed a screwdriver with his opposite hand and began picking away at the wires and circuits.  Nowadays, he didn't go anywhere without at least one suit of armor.  Sure, he might look paranoid... but look at what had happened in Monaco.
Tony nudged Steve's foot back.  "This is a date?" he said with surprise, looking around.  He seemed to notice the decor for the first time.
him because you can't control yourself!"
"Come and get me!" he barked, corkscrewing upwards and banking west.
When Steve saw all the men on their lawn he was already past the point of caring.
"Great!" grunted Tony, stretching dangerously, wobbling a little.  "I need a boost.  Steve!  Pick me and this cabinet up, I can't reach the hook.  How about you, Rhodey, you took a few hits in the suit--"
Steve met his gaze for a brief second before Donner looked to Tony, defaulting to the Alpha.
Gideon's eyes narrowed.  "Aren't you that fellow on Boswell Mackabee's show?"
," he said simply, then turned and followed the others out.
"You bring Donner's ass right back to the Triumph this instant.  He doesn't want to be with the likes of you, Rogers," snarled Gideon.
(He wondered how Boswell and Banksy managed.  Was there some trick other Alphas knew, or was this just how it was?  If so, he had been extremely mislead by pornography, which had always made heats seem sexy.  This was sexy in a rather more nightmarish way, with a lot more sweat and semen and pain. And Steve had a weird childish urgency about him, a dopey, glassy-eyed look that made him seem more animal that human; Tony found the whole thing distastefully perverted.)
--not so great at driving.
to pick up my dad's project, maybe I don't want to follow in his footsteps and run around handing out candy to omegas and building bombs and slapping together fusion reactors that create toxic byproducts."
Besides, he didn't want Steve under water like that.  He wanted to keep Steve safe and he knew that, in his heat, Steve wasn't likely to consider his own well-being above servicing his Alpha.
Tony watched Steve poke at his dessert, unsure of how to address the elephant in the room.  Peggy was an old woman.
He felt like he'd just walked back in time. It was insane.
Donner was staring down at the floor.
Tony forced a smile.  "Just because people don't have a right to judge us doesn't mean they won't.  People are also saying we're only together because I'm... y'know.  My dad's son.  And you and my dad..."  He trailed off, letting the words hang.
Pepper had once said that handing Tony a microphone was like handing a bag of candy and a puppy to a child.  She was not entirely mistaken.
It was a peace offering.  Hanley's had been Bucky's go-to escape bar whenever he and Steve got into a fight.  Now that they allowed omegas, he and Steve could go together. Bucky was hoping they wouldn't fight anymore.  A lot of their arguments had revolved madly around Steve's health: his inability to mate, to do things for himself, to go out... now that he was healthy, now that he was big and muscular and hardy, hopefully none of those old issues would come into play.  Poor Steve had spent his whole life arguing with Bucky about what he
"Thank you so much!" said Banksy, as if he didn't hear this every day.  "That's just fantastic, I'm so glad you like it... here, walk with me and Dave... Boz, we're going to have some omega time, 'k?" he called, linking his and Donner's arms together.  He grabbed Dr. Gleason as well.
Pepper was inclined to agree with Aria at the moment: boys were idiots.  Neither Tony nor Steve seemed capable of dealing with any sort of emotional turmoil.  But both of them had their demons.
And there were Ellis and Tony, dressed in immaculate suits. They both fell quiet, their eyes falling on him.
"Ty and Banksy said this protest wasn't actually supported by SA."
." He thought back to Joan and Maria. "Or they low-key want to sleep with me. Jesus Christ."
"No," said Rhodey, who assumed he meant Steve.  "...what's your plan if you
"Snipers?" repeated Tony, horrified.
But then he was zeroing in on Tony again, stepping closer... whips smacking into the tarmac... and Steve could do nothing without blowing his cover, except--
"Oh, shut up, no he didn't," said Hal immediately.
"Uh-huh," said Tony.  He crawled into the bath with Steve, laying his body over his protectively.  The water was warm. Tony tried not to think about how gross they both were.
He looked up when Tony came in. Steve stared at the offered hand and then took it, squeezing lightly with a half smile tiredly tugging onto his lips. He stood with a slight wobble. "Peggy is gonna kill me, with all the shit I've caused," he said, and he was only half-joking. He let Tony lead them into the bedroom. Peggy was protective of him in a motherly sort of way and she was very much used to dealing with Steve pulling shit, but that never meant she became any less exasperated with him.
The two lunged and went back to wrestling, made difficult by the water.
"...hey, Tony?  If there was another conference or a big project or whatever... you'd support me, right?" asked Steve tentatively.  Tony saying he never wanted to attend another one again worried him.
"Right, but then didn't like his smell, so she sold him to Chris."
"...are you kidding me?" said Clint finally.  "She's a
The final little pinball fell into its slot.
I got Union Jack.  I was hoping to get Steve."
"What the--
"Asset. Get the blood samples. Hopefully you will be more complacent with us in the future, captain."
"Huh," Aria said. "That sucks."
is his omega name?!  He's been using it as a code name!"
Thanks for staying with us, readers!  - Tony (aka the Apollo of Sappho and Apollo)
The soldier crossed the narrow, snowy, empty street toward the motel on the other side and let himself in, making a beeline for the stairwell.  It was eerily empty and echoed. He climbed up the stairs purposefully.
"Induced heats are a lot rougher than natural ones," said Dr. Gleason, gently wiping the dried blood from Steve's skin.  He frowned a little. "It probably didn't help that you crammed five days' worth of hormones into the space of a few hours.  How are you feeling? Aside from exhausted."
Tony could have kissed her when she said she'd already called Gleason. Tony didn't know him well, but he'd been by a few times and Tony had at least a sense of familiarity with him.  Not quite trust-- he was too protective of Steve for that-- but something like it.
"How did they get it through?" Steve asked curiously, turning a little so Tony could still hold his hand and sketch.
"Sorry?"
And suddenly they were in a tight spot again. They could hardly say no.
"I already had Jarvis call the police, he was in Tony's room--" began Maria, eyeing him suspiciously.
Steve was breathless. Everything had happened so quickly and he wasn't quite ready for the sight of Tony wrenching the arc reactor out of his chest when he was swapping the old core out for the new.
He untangled himself to let Aria serve him a plate of food.  He was starving; he wolfed it down and mumbled a belated greeting to Agent Mackenzie.  "Another agent?  Jesus."
"Nonsense, she's a beta, she can't tell.  Take her before I drip all over the carpet."  Pepper deposited the baby into Tiberius's arms and walked away; Tiberius looked down at the baby and several expressions passed over his face, finally settling on a combination of longing and adoration.
"-oh my
Tony's body shuddered and he rocked his hips, letting Steve's tight, wet entrance milk him.  He moaned into Steve's neck at the sensation; there was nothing else quite like it, the tightness with with Steve's body clenched his knot.  This was something no beta woman could do, tease the knot like this... Tony felt like Steve's body was begging for his seed, trying to tease it out of him, and he was in ecstasy as he thrust, hard and deep and sharp, into his omega, feeling the tug-back every time he tried to pull too far out, the desperation of Steve's body to keep him.  He loved being knotted; the first time (it felt like forever ago) he'd panicked. Now he liked feeling that he and Steve were stuck together.
"I'd rather be bonded than go there," said Seven, clearly trying to sound hopeful.  But the anxiety and misery on him was palpable.
"No.  No! Steve, tell him no, we can't--" protested Tony.  He didn't have a suit; he was unarmed; he was basically useless.  That's why Fury was calling Steve, not him. Steve was a living weapon.  Steve could swoop in and kick ass if necessary. But Tony wouldn't be able to protect him, wouldn't be of any use, and if Steve got hurt...
"He wasn't bad to me, but he wasn't good either. I was very sick, it was a difficult time for both of us."
"I think they have something in the works-" Steve's head fell back and his lips parted as Tony pushed inside. He shivered at the stretch, his Alpha's words rolling over him slowly as his body thrummed with arousal. It felt a little different with the condom on. But it was better than dealing with the risk of pregnancy.
"So I woke up... on the base. And Gideon's there, on some sofa, and I'm on the floor and I-- I c-couldn't move. It was like my arms were just to heavy. And he--" Steve pressed his hands against his face and then fisted his fingers in his hair.  He had not felt weak in years.  He had forgotten how terrible it was, to be vulnerable.
As Tony stood back up a waiter brought them champagne and assured them that it was on the house.
Melinda was an Alpha. Her dominating presence reminded Steve of Peggy, or Natasha, except he was pretty sure Melinda was an asshole. She was frowned at them and her nose did a weird twitch. No, Steve did not like her. "The law did," Steve told her flatly. Melinda snorted.
"Tony.  Please sit," she said softly.
"Of course, none of this would have been possible without Steve," Banksy dropped in not-so-casually. "If Steve hadn't reached out to George before, and sought out his help, you know..."
too early.  ...Nurse Feldmann, can I get some more Vicodin?"
Donner smiled weakly.  "Does-- does that-- thingy hurt the baby?"
"Stark, shut up," snapped Natasha.  She slid onto a stool. "We were briefed on the incident.  You okay, Steve?"
Phrases like
"Keep going.  New one each time, Tony.  Steve..." prompted Sam.
"...seriously, are you sure you're not at a preschool?"
From where he was sat Steve could spot a couple giggling in the corner, both betas and both clearly a little tipsy. To their right was a pool table which a group of middle-aged men were currently milling around. "We should try and play pool later," Steve said. He was aware he might well lose (he was never that good) but he'd played it a lot with the Howlies before.   (He had broken three cue sticks; the problem was no longer his reflexes but his strength.  He had a tendency to launch balls into walls if he wasn't careful.)
"This is so juicy," said Tony, staring hungrily at the screen.  His mind was already spinning with possibilities.  If he had to guess, he figured Project Thor was probably some sort of attempt to reverse-engineer the suits.  After all, who else better fit the title "God of Thunder" than him, Iron Man?  It was cute how everyone was struggling to catch up with him.  Without the arc reactor to power it, no suit in the world was even comparable to Tony's, and the secrets of making the arc reactor an efficient source of energy had died with Vanko, making Tony the sole keeper of that knowledge.
"And the reason collars on omegas is bad is because...?" prompted Tony.
"Yes, Mr. Stark!" both chimed in sync.
?" he demanded petulantly.  "Why can't we get food? Why can't we mate?  Why can't we at least stop somewhere for a pack of smokes?  Geez Louise, Stevie, I
--"  He hiccuped the last part of her name.  "--I believe I must be taking my leave now.  ...did anyone ever tell you that you are drop-dead
Tony had opened the fridge and begun digging around in it, leaving a bloody handprint on the white door.
Steve didn't flinch when Tony touched his neck. The touch was warm, grounding. When Bucky had touched it, it was the complete opposite of that. It had made Steve feel awake, alert. Now Steve almost felt sleepy, despite having done nothing all day.
"A strong Alpha makes an obedient omega," quoted Rhodey.
"Drop him or I'll shoot!"
Tony wheeled around (nearly colliding with Pepper) and made a beeline for his little-used office.  At least there was a bar there.
Every bone in Tony's body was telling him to go to Steve.
Steve leaned into Bucky's touch and moved to where he wanted him on instinct. He was so afraid of the consequences but he was also aware that Bucky was his Alpha and it would feel like blasphemy to deny him. He trembled when he felt his hot breath against his neck.
?" Tony shrieked frantically.  "He's got
Lack of preparation... that was also what had made Afghanistan so tough.  Pepper hadn't known how to console him. Yes, he made weapons. Was he truly so completely unaware of what weapons
"Since 2000," the man replied quickly.
"I was following orders!"
"Well..." said Tony slowly.  "...sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette.  I mean... I don't know, maybe there's omegas out there getting shit over this.  But it's not because of you, Steve.  All you did was tell it like it is, and there's always going to be assholes out there who use that as an excuse to shove around people below them.  That's just how it is, you know?  You can't protect everyone.  Clearly, you have a hero complex."  Tony looked out the window thoughtfully, pushing his hand through his hair, ruining the careful style he'd spent so long on earlier, at the house.  "...someone needed to say something, Steve.  If it wasn't you, I'm sure some other omega would have come along and started the conversation.  Don't feel guilty.  You're doing the best you can, but even if you're a super soldier, you're still just one guy.  ...maybe you should talk to another omega about this, I dunno.  Barton and Coulson- they both seemed pretty enthusiastic."
They headed downstairs. Fortunately another couple got into the lift with them so it wasn't as awkward as it could have been. Steve was getting almost nervous at the thought of talking to the omegas up for auction. How the hell was he supposed to convince them they were better than all this when he had a whole night with DeSoto and couldn't?
The collar looked nice on him.  Tony glanced into the mirror, examining it.  Yeah, it looked really nice. But it would have looked nice on a warthog; it was, after all, a one-of-a-kind, two-million-dollar choker.
"When can we be discharged?" Steve asked and Doctor Martin smiled. It didn't quite meet her eyes.
"Are you insane? I've been shot. I can't get on a
They ate cake and opened more presents. Pepper got him fancy charcoal pencils for drawing. Banksy got him a few bowties, insisting that he just
In any case, he figured they had to go back to their rooms to grab their phones.  As much as he didn't want to be bothered, he would rather get a phone call on his cell than have people bringing phones to him like in the spa.
Steve sighed when he felt Tony's hard on against him and rocked back against him. He moaned quietly, invitingly. "Please, please... Tony. I need it," he whined. He cant his hips up as Tony tried to push him, encouraging him to line up with Steve. It hurt when he first pressed in, not a lot, but it did. Steve grunted low in his throat as Tony pushed deep inside of him.
And, as Ozzy had already so wisely observed, it was impossible to tell if he was alive or dead, or had any thoughts within his head.  Iron Man was impenetrable. Even before the armor, Tony had discovered he could cordon off sections of his mind, lock his emotions when it was critically necessary to do so.
"In the leg. Tony...  didn't have a good plane ride over," he said softly.
They sent Clint and Natasha the flowers.  Red ones, at Steve's request. Clint sent Steve a lot of thank you messages with excessive amounts of sun emojis. Natasha just sent one:
Steve was doing what Steve did best, walking through with his head held high.  But there was no protecting him from reading the signs or hearing people yelling.  With Steve's enhanced hearing and height, he probably heard more and saw more than Tony, to be honest.
Tony gripped Steve, hard, leaning heavily on him.  He had been uncharacteristically quiet on the walk back to the building and quiet on the elevator ride up to their floor.
He gave a small, experimental tug of his hips.  "I need to get out. Can you-- can you, like, unclench?  You're sort of-- sort of gripping it really hard." He gave another tug but the feel of Steve on his knot was only getting him aroused.  "...we can just make love. Without touching your neck," he offered.
in Steve's hair; they felt grounding. Instantly, Steve was calmer. He sniffed, rubbing a hand over his nose. It was time to pull himself together.
Clint was right.  It would take time.  He’d have to go slow.  But there was a life outside of SHIELD.  A life of peaceful domesticity. One he was finally being given the opportunity to experience.  He and Tony weren’t perfect, but they were okay. And getting better every day.
"Well, yeah, but it was that or wait for my heart to get shredded up by metal bits.  What's the other problem?"
don't get you drunk, nothing will!"
"But I was there, too," said the girl.
"Yes. Sure," Steve agreed, although he was a bit too distracted by Tony's touches to really register what he was saying. He swallowed and moved under the spray, letting the water wash out the rest of the soap from his hair.
Yeah, Tony was definitely grasping at straws.  But the idea of an accidental pregnancy horrified him.  That could only mean one of two things.  Either Steve had cheated (unlikely, knowing Steve) or his vasectomy hadn't actually been a success, which meant that he might just have some bastards out there, which was a terrifying thought in and of itself.
Finally Tony had to ask.  "You know we're decommissioned, right?  SHIELD wants nothing to do with us anymore.  We're too unstable," interjected Tony.
"Yes. They're still legal in sixteen states."
Steve trailed his fingertips over the smooth centre of the reactor, eyes flickering down to Tony's chest. "For me...I feel everything you feel. It's like instinct. I want to make you happy. Disappointing you is the worst feeling I've ever felt. Sometimes it feels like I'd do anything you asked, which isn't really in my nature...I've always been so adamant about not being submissive or weak before. But with you...with you it feels okay. And I don't feel weak. It feels good, rewarding...I'm not losing anything when I do it. It's natural. Pleasing you."
"Ah!  Here's Tony's graduation.  I wasn't able to attend, but this is the announcement he sent me."
he thought to himself.
"CLINT!"
," growled Pepper as Aria passed Steve a phone.
" barked Brennan.
Happy just nodded and gestured for Steve to get in. He got into the back next to Tony as Happy settled in behind the wheel.
Tony's hackles rose.  "Ex-mate."
The smell was raw in Tony's nose.
"Why do you have to make everything difficult?  He's good.  He's really good," said Pepper.  "Sit down.  I'll get you waffles.  ...and pants."
Steve swallowed.  “Okay.  For a bit,” he conceded.  “But no funny business, alright?”
The soldier felt like he might be experiencing it now and it unsettled him.  He was a soldier; he couldn't be bonded; he wasn't allowed; there was no place in his life for an omega; it was forbidden.  Yet the more he breathed and watched the blond, the more and more he felt a connection, one he'd only ever known with Karpov.
The touch of Bucky's flesh hand was warm on his leg. Steve stared down and gently took the hand in both of his. Shit. He really was here... he was alive. The chances of survival were so miniscule...and yet here they were. Together again.  A war could not separate them; time could not separate them; literally death could not, had not, separated them.
by the Rolling Stones, which, Pepper suspected, was a conscious expression of frustration.
"Hey. Sorry I startled you," Steve said. He was glad he'd put the robe on. It might have been a bit much to walk out naked.
Before Steve could comment further, there was a crash and Tony bounded down the stairs in a panic, knocking over several orchids, naked.
Banksy had brought doughnuts. They were from some local deli of his, and there was about twenty different flavors. Steve was hyperly aware that it would be rude to eat, like, ten of them. Steve
"Being apart from each other isn't going to make it any better. I'm sick of fighting this, Nat. I gotta fix the bond.  Especially since it's my fault it's screwy.
The driver, Alex, was happy to accommodate him.  "Sure thing Cap. You wanna put some music on?"
"...I'm just going to be glad when this all dies down.  We're basically drowning in orchids.  I wanna go back to being Iron Man," said Tony, closing one eye to concentrate on screwing down a small bolt.  "Didja find a time for us to go do the simulation thingy?  ...if it's all the same to you, I would prefer if Natasha weren't there.  ...the thing is, when you... when you're around other Alphas, you kind of size each other up, and she's... well, let's face it, Steve, she's a total badass.  Not that I'm intimidated.  I just... I don't want to do it in front of another Alpha."
Tony shivered when he felt Steve's fingers trail his back.
"Tony. Just breathe for me. In for two and out for two, in for two..."
At least he'd said that they could get cigarettes.
"Yes.  Get
"I can watch him for you if you want," said Rhodey.  "Also, the reason I'm here is that the King of Wakanda, T'Chaka, requested an audience with him following the most recent terrorist attack in their northern region.  One of the old Ambassador IV rockets hit a hospital and killed three civilians."
The memory of teeth sinking into his neck shuddered through him and Steve's eyes flew open.  He lashed out, knocking Clint away with some force, arms in front of his face, ready to defend himself.
Tony groaned when Steve nudged him.  "Five more minutes," he mumbled automatically, yanking the sheet over his head.  Tony had a personal rule against getting up before eight.  He could tell that whatever hour it was, it was early.
"And someday you’ll realise that it represents a whole lot more than just people’s inventions. It represents my life’s work. This is the key to the future. I’m limited by the technology of my time, but one day you’ll figure this out. And when you do, you will change the world.  You're brilliant, Tony, and I believe that your only limitation is your imagination."  A pause.  Howard looked down at the model contemplatively, then up, at the camera.  "I'm proud of you.  You are, and always will be, my greatest creation."
Steve was supposed to send as much information as he could on Tony's designs. But after everything that happened in court he made the personal decision that SHIELD didn't have the right to it. He would write his Avengers report, but that was all. So Steve had sent in his own hand drawn diagrams of the suit labelled with stuff like 'shooty things' and the 'magical part.' He mainly did it just to piss off Fury. Steve didn't like the man much- he didn't like people with agendas.  He had a sense he wasn't being told everything.  So why should he tell them everything?  He'd hoped that the future might be more open to treating omegas like people, but in his (admittedly limited experience), that was not the case.  It had made him bitter.  And working for Tony hadn't helped.
he thought fondly.
feel instead, which was never my intention."
"Dooon't call me a horse," Steve grumbled, forehead pressed to the cool cement floor. Mhmm. That felt nice. "S'
Tony laughed and unzipped the front; he was only wearing an undershirt and pair of boxers under it.  "Yeah, me neither," he agreed, pulling it off and casting it aside. He ran his hands over Steve's bare chest; it was rock-hard; the muscles twitched in response to his touch and the skin got goosebumps.  He brushed a thumb over one of Steve's nipples and it pebbled immediately.
"Yeah, basically.  Bonding occurs when you break open the cluster of glands on the back of the neck of the omega and release a bunch of hormones--"
like him.
He knew they were avoiding the topic of Bucky.  But he preferred it that way.  He couldn't handle that right now.
"Na-night Tony," he told him and then pulled back. Steve changed into his own gym gear and grabbed his phone and one of the suite's door keys before stepping out into the living room. DeSoto was looking increasingly confused.
"--we showed up in
"Oh, shut up, let's rock n' roll," snapped Tony, clicking his faceplate on.
"Who, Captain Rogers?"
"Well, that's never stopped me," said Pietro with an unconcerned shrug.  "What are
He had to get Tony to dance with him more often, even if it was only in pajamas in their living room.
"I love you too," Steve wheezed, eyes slightly unfocused. "B-but I understand that that means you don't have to love everything I do. I'm not happy with e-everything that I do, Tony. I'm not always p-proud of it. I'm not saying it's okay, I just... I don't want you to be disgusted by me. Ever. It hurts too much. It feels so
"Tony. Tony, oh my God..."
"He didn't
anyone," Tony griped, reaching down and trying to adjust the tight ankle bracelet on his leg.  "That's slander. Libel. Lies. Steve said it himself, Dad wouldn't do that, sure, he joked around and stuff, but he didn't
He vaguely wondered if Tony had seen his interview. Steve barely remembered it himself; he'd felt pretty shaken up at the time. That had been the day before he left the US. Then he'd gone off the grid.
"...believing in people really isn't my thing.  It's yours," said Natasha bluntly.  "But in this case, Steve, it's not a strength.  It's a weakness.  You can't let a tulip delivery make you sympathetic to a HYDRA agent.  The Winter Soldier isn't a sympathetic person.  Hell.  He's not even truly a person at all.  Don't forget that."
"I miss him," said Donner softly, looking down.  His eyes welled up a little. "I miss him so much."  A hand went up to touch the mark that was still on the back of his neck.  The one that no longer bore any meaning. "Maybe-- maybe things would be different, with the baby--"
"You want something to eat? You were asleep a while," Steve said, already getting up to head to the bar to find sandwiches.
One of them had had an actual waterfall that tumbled down into a swimming pool. The resort had certainly looked stunning but Steve was also aware it was probably nothing Tony hadn't seen before...
Steve left the car with his wallet (forgoing the cards and one twenty-dollar bill) in the front seat. There was more than enough money in it. He didn't like stealing but he also understood when it was necessary. They'd stolen plenty of cars in France.
. Whether it was about his work, or sex,  or annoying SHIELD... he kept himself busy, just like Steve tried to.
"...do you mean president Roosevelt?" asked one of the agents, looking curious about this little historical fact.
"Who's this?"
"Ugh.  Sue wants me to buy one... I just can't justify spending four figures for a plant, though."
"We're both beat," said Tony.  He couldn't wait to go home, work on the suit... and get JARVIS to start digging up what he could on Gene Bennett and Margaret Turner.
"Sam...mentioned something about a witch?" one of the bald men in back prompted.
, you know... here, round's on me... paint the town red, Rogers!"  Howard threw down a couple of twenties, downed his drink, and scrambled over the back of the booth.  Everyone laughed as he darted across the room to avoid Ruby.
Dinner came around soon enough. The food was lavish, like the kind Tony and Steve would eat when they went out to fancy restaurants. They served plenty of champagne with it and a lot of the omegas were getting pretty drunk.  The drinks were all light: champagne, wine, sangria, and Steve overheard more than one omega scoffing that it wasn't right for horseshoes to drink and that
Tony nodded weakly.
thought Tony bitterly.
Blink.
Tony offered Steve his hand, not really giving a shit anymore.
"Well, I was looking over the tests from yesterday and..."
"Doesn't matter what I bet.  I'm gonna win," said Tony firmly.
"I love you," said Tony, grabbing the drink.
It was an oddly intimate moment, when Tony finally looked down at him. Even with those ridiculous sunglasses on. Steve sighed and looked over Tony, over the suit. Did he still have two weeks after spending a night in that thing? Probably not. Steve's phone chimed in his pocket- a text from Natasha, most likely. Or maybe Pepper. But he had a feeling the CEO had lost faith in him somewhat, and with good reason. Considering his CV was mostly lies Steve really had done alright at the whole PA job thing, or so he thought.
come in here, they wear collars."
He climbed into the copter, a little two-person craft.  Lightweight, practical.
Tony tiptoed back into the bedroom to get a suit.  He tied his own tie in the only knot he knew, a half-Windsor, because he didn't want Pepper touching him in case it set Steve off.
"If I asked you to help me find him, would you?" Steve asked quietly.
He went back to eating, checking his phone briefly to see if they were about to start trending again.  Part of him was annoyed by the lack of privacy they were being given, but another part of him saw it as inevitable.  They were in a public place, after all, on the very last bit of their honeymoon.  Everyone knew what people did during the honeymoon period; it wasn't really that much of a stretch to suspect that Tony had knocked him up.  Especially considering his drink order.
A line of tension sagged from Steve's shoulders as his cheek was pressed against Tony's thigh. He let his eyes slip shut slowly, a serene feeling swelling in his chest and sinking down into his very chore. He'd not felt this relaxed since waking up in the 21st century. Steve sighed softly, contently and didn't think he'd want to move anytime soon.
All the omegas reactions to Tony made Steve cringe a little. Sure, he might get down on his knees for him but the thought of being so meek and polite to an Alpha he didn't even know grossed him out. It was like they were the shells of people they once were. There was no personality.
"I, er, didn't have much time..." mumbled Donner, clearly feeling shy about it.
Steve honestly didn't know if he was talking about Steve coming out as an omega or his thing with Tony- he wasn't sure if Happy even knew about the latter.
"Sorry," Steve cleared his throat. "I didn't mean to go all Cap on you there.  ...but for the record, I really do think you'd be a great addition to the team.  ...but also for the record, we don't slap each others' asses.  Just so you know."
"...but Steve's is normal?"
"Was he bad to you?" asked Seven.
. Then he just wordlessly pulled away from the table and headed upstairs because Steve couldn't face these people anymore. He dodged the bedroom full of blood and vomit and went to his drawing room. That was
But there was places they needed to be.
The silence that followed was thick and heavy.  Tony looked down.  He was still holding on to Steve's hand, but his thoughts had turned inward.
people don't want to talk about it, it must be really bad.  And it doesn't sound legal. I wanna get DeSoto to tell us more but..."  Tony paused. "...I think I can get him to tell me. But I need to be able to talk to him... like an Alpha.  And I don't want you to get jealous. But if anyone here has any connections or we can get any dirt on that... I mean, I know you wanna stop
As the sun was dragged down into the sky, Steve felt hungry.  He always felt hungry, even on lazy days like this one. He polished off leftovers from lunch before curling back up with Tony again. He didn't draw anymore, just lazily watched the drama on screen with semi-interest.
.  Bucky-- Bucky
It was a strange thing, trusting the omega to be the protective one.  But since when had Tony followed rules? Even though he couldn't remember Steve's exact words from the bedroom, he'd gotten the message and it had touched something in him, made him re-evaluate a lot of the elements of their relationship.
"Mm-hm.  Starting with this questionnaire."  She slid a thick stack of papers toward Tony.  He groaned inwardly.  Steve had said they were just going to be shit like word association; he hadn't mentioned paperwork.
He laughed.  It felt weird, unfamiliar to laugh, his face stretching out in ways it hadn't in a long time.  He couldn't believe it. How the hell had the war ended without him even noticing? This was swell; he could finally go home, a hero; he'd made it.
"Eurgh.  Sorry I asked.  Have fun, you two." Aria rose.  Tony looked at Steve lovingly. Sometimes, Tony felt like Steve and Pepper were the only two good things in his life.
They went south to to the Oxford Circus subway station, as Wisdom had instructed them, Steve hauling the box and Tony minding the gap.  He took Steve's phone and checked the address Fury had sent them. "...we'll get off at Shadwell station," said Tony. The two of them were standing, swaying with the car; it was crowded even though it was late.  Steve was taking up quite a lot of room in between his body and the hamper he was still holding. "The warehouse is right around there."
Steve watched him but soon turned back to Louis who was saying something to a camera guy. Louis wore the sort of glasses that reminded Steve of the forties. They had thin metal frames and looked too big for his face. He'd actually Googled Louis before all this, surprised that a beta would take this kind of initiative. It turned out he had a wife was an omega, so it kind of made sense.
The trick to car-stealing was to get something ubiquitous.  Motorcycles were easy to spot. Bucky hadn't been on a bike since the eighties.
"That's-- oh my God." Steve choked out, rubbing a hand over his face as he slowly came back to himself. He laughed, almost nervously. "That's insane. It's different when you do it. It's like an off switch. And Jesus Christ Tony, you can't do that in public." If he got a semi in his jeans,
"Do I look I'm with SHIELD? I could have called them, but I didn't. I called HYDRA. Because I don't need them as my crutch anymore," Steve said, words even and calm. "I can make my own justice." He could hear the echo of steps on the stairwell below. He heard the creek of a door handle. One of Steve's hands moved to his waist.
In his office, Tony managed to smoke a cigarette and a half before he felt sick.  He shoved the pack back into his desk and swiveled in the chair, feeling buzzed from the nicotine but watery from lack of food and too much alcohol.
"They're delivering the ice sculptures tomorrow at eight," reported Pepper.
Secretly, Tony was hoping that Steve's big surprise project was something tame.  An omega soup kitchen. Since the conference, he'd been feeling shitty about his status, even though Steve was right, he couldn't help it.  They were born the way they were born. Nonetheless, it was hard not to feel
I changed our username!  I'm more of a Thamyris than an Apollo.  Plus, this allows my signature "-T" to stand for both Tony and Thamyris.  So... yay.  - T
"So...I'm confused about this 'Netflix and chill' thing. Was that just code for watching a movie?
"I agree," said Lydia immediately.  "The platinum would look better on him."  She took the rose gold collar from Tony and swapped it for the first one he'd looked at.  Tony held it, looking down, feeling conflicted. This wasn't nearly as sexy as he'd initially imagined.  Steve's clear discomfort was ruining the erotic element of it for Tony. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if Lydia and Kitty weren't there.  Tony still couldn't quite get over Lydia's weird non-status.
"No," Steve realised as soon as Tony asked. He didn't think he'd ever worn a bow tie in his life. He slumped against a sink with a ragged breath, staying close to Tony as he got out the suit. His hands were shaking a little. Steve could understand why. He pulled off his shirt and they both went still.
"Tony!" he called, before having to twist out of the way as a whip was flung towards him.
"Really, it's fascinating," said Gleason.
Steve's gut twisted uncomfortably. Maybe they were back in the forties after all.
"вставай, солдат."
He floated around the house trying to avoid the sudden influx of people.  He didn't mind Pepper, who had apparently taken it upon herself to help Steve catch up with modern culture.  While Tony was busy trying to explain Duran Duran and
"His old Alpha is here," said Steve.  "And his... his 'second' omega is in our hotel room," Steve said, his mind spinning with the revelation. "They know his real name.  They
When Tony came up from the workshop that night he spotted Steve in bed with a familiar long box, smiling down at its contents. Steve glanced up when Tony walked in, almost looking sheepish. "Hey," he murmured. "I never got a chance to thank you. This is... this is really touching Tony. And don't think I'm not grateful, I am. I get that it means a lot. But... why did you decide to give it to me?"
like three times in the last thirty days.  This was merely a practice test.
That got Tony’s attention.  He looked up, staring at Steve over the edge of his sunglasses with a look of incredulity.  His eyes were a little red, a result of staying up most of the night.  He smirked after a moment, before his expression became its usual smug mask.  “Doesn’t Miss Potts know I was up all night arguing with an uppity little omega about politics he knows nothing about?”  He made a “shoo” motion with his hand.  “Go get me some real coffee, Stan.  I don’t drink decaf.  Decaf coffee is like non-alcoholic beer.  Absolutely no point.”
"It's underground.  There's a tiny little building, in the desert.  The rest is underground."
He had no idea what he'd just witnessed.  Steve had gotten all dopey from the heat, had maybe had a few confusing little flashbacks (he'd mentioned frostbite, after all), but then... then he'd woken up and it had all gone to hell.  The way he had looked at Tony, with such... what? Not hatred. No. Just an intense desire to annihilate him. He looked at Tony with the look of a predator, and the swing he'd taken had not been a playful one.  Every time Tony looked at the wall, he imagined his head. Steve would have caved it in like an over-ripe melon. He'd missed by mere inches. His movements had been weird and jerky, like he was suddenly unused to his own body; he'd practically tripped over his own feet.  His words had been garbled and nonsensical. Tony's heart was still hammering but it wasn't just himself he was scared for. His mate had gone fucking crazy. Had he done this, somehow?
"As long as he treats you okay, that's all that matters. I bet his house is pretty sweet though, right?"
She had saved the best (for Tony, the worst) for last.  On the last page was a photo of a naked Tony, age three or four, running through the living room of their house.
Steve couldn't think of anywhere else in the world he'd rather be.
He had not spoken to President Ellis since he had been unfrozen.  Their exchange had been brief; Steve had stood on a stage as the president said, "Welcome back, Cap," for the cameras, and that was that.  Steve was looking forward to a real meeting.  He'd never much liked politicians but, then, he was willing to give Ellis a chance.  After all, this was the 21st century.  Maybe things had changed.
Upstairs, JARVIS prompted, "Good morning, sir."
"I'm so sorry," repeated Phil.  He looked at Steve, then back to Tiberius.  "...Steve was born a century ago," he said by way of explanation.
Steve felt Tony relax in his arms and Steve sighed in relief.  He kissed him back gently, not pressing to deepen it as he reached up to neaten Tony's hair best he could. He'd mussed it up a little.
"I thought it'd be nice," he said gruffly, hoping against hope that Steve wouldn't think this connection was a big deal.  It wasn't. Literally, Tony hadn't seen her in like, twenty years.
Steve nodded. "Okay. All sounds good."
Tony knew he was being baited, knew Hammer was trying to get him upset.  It was working.  "Justin, shut the fuck up."
"It's okay," Natasha waved off. "I'll clear this up. Let Fury know what's happened. You boys go have fun," she said with a glint in her eyes as she straightened up, glass in hand. "Though I have a feeling things will go smoother than we expect anyway..."
"I am.  Actually, does everyone want to introduce themselves?  We were a little late getting started so you didn't interrupt anything."
"Tony, seriously, in the last three years you've done a ton to stabilize the Middle East.  The whole Iron Man thing is great... now lay down, I wanna rinse this vase out..."
normal. This is how everyone acts.
, Mr. America."
He should probably having a drink, some water or-- he realized it had been at least a day since his last drink, no, two days; his last drink had been the scotch he'd shared with Boswell.  Then, yesterday, they'd been fucking non-stop, and today, well... more fucking. Thirty-six hours. No wonder he was anxious. He was trembling and he knew, in part, that was withdrawal setting in.  His blood sugar was probably low, too. The only food he'd had was the fruit Steve had fed him earlier.
Steve, and why wouldn't they?  Steve was
It was very tempting to do just that with the low lit of Tony's voice in his ear and that stubble grazing softly against his jaw. Steve shivered involuntarily.
noticed,
"...you got me," admitted Tony.  "I'm not sorry.  In fact, I take great pride in having slapped your ass, and I'll probably do it again in the next twenty-four hours."  He took a step toward Steve; their chest were almost touching.  Tony slipped his arms around Steve's waist, putting his hands on his hips, feeling the hardness of Steve's muscles.  He nuzzled Steve's chest.  His hands slipped down to Steve's asscheeks and he gave him a squeeze.  "Let the record show..." he murmured into Steve's throat, "...that this does not constitute a slap.  This is more of a grope.  ...that all-American picture of you, Steve.  My God.  Makes me feel like a real patriot, if you know what I'm saying."
Tony may have been rich and spoiled and out of touch, but he knew he wasn't a snob.  Except sometimes when he was being ironic.
, and they put on a pretense for their Alpha. Even Donner was smiling at the table, clearly with his own little group of friends.  (Donner and his friends were among the omega who refused to drink.)
Steve stopped cold in his tracks. "
Piper nodded in silent agreement.
Dr. Brennan looked over at Tony thoughtfully.
"Tony, gimme the vase," said Rhodey, prying the vase out of Tony's hands.
?  I think that's the phrase, anyway.  Go have a drink, be merry, schmooze a little, it's a
"Well, you're certainly a tragedy."  There was a bitter tone to Natasha's voice; she didn't really sound like she was kidding around with him.  Had he hit a nerve?  Or was it that she didn't entirely approve of him?  She was Steve's friend and Tony was fully aware that he wasn't endearing himself to anyone by pointing out he'd slept with over a thousand women.
"Everyone's thinking about omegas now," said Tony, holding on to Steve, nosing his hair.  "Bet you ten thousand bucks that there's gonna be a charity concert before the end of summer and that you're gonna have at least a few more celebrities come out, too.  ...I bet you Phil is creaming his pants with excitement somewhere.  He looks at you the way I look at Pepper when she's adjusting her bra.  ...you know, I never met that many omegas in a security and intelligence outfit before?  You, Phil, Clint... that's not why I don't want to join up, by the way.  I don't care that you're omegas.  I just hate teamwork."
On the couch, Tony was stroking Steve's hair with one hand, the other holding his and guiding it over the arc reactor.
"...he never came back, not really." Steve finished finally, looking considerably sadder than he had before. "But Tony... Tony doesn't order me. He
"Just us sounds good," he whispered. "You could show me some of your favourite films, catch me up with this century when we're not, you know..." His cheeks flushed a little, skin blushing pink as he inferred at all the constant fucking they'd been doing. Even with the serum he was beginning to get a little tender down there. But he also kind of liked it...
Heads turned.  Shit.
Steve pressed an open mouthed kiss to the side of Tony's neck. And then he fucked himself with abandon, each thrust still thorough but faster now. His thighs were even beginning to tremble now and he hadn't thought that possible, but the stretch was something else. It felt more than it ever had been before and Steve thrived in it. It turned him on beyond belief. "Tony...oh...oh god...please..." His words were as coherent as the sounds that escaped the back of his throat. Steve's fingers dug into the back of the bath, possibly even leaving little dents in their wake- oops?
Steve felt it. He felt something. There was a punch to his gut, something akin to rejection and confusion and sadness, and he knew it wasn't Tony's.  (Tony's primary emotion was one of smugness, followed by boredom.)
He reached up the rub the collar of the suit with his gauntlet.  Beneath the armor, the scar on the back of his neck tingled, and he looked away, anxiety coursing through him.
woke him up.
He slipped out a back door and leaned his back against the stone wall of the building, already warmed by the sun.  Behind the school was a small playground and a couple of large, old trees. There was a single low, stone building off to one side, probably a shed or something, and beyond the well-cared for lawn was an old, mossy-looking wood.
Tony sat up sleepily, blinking.  "Oh my God, is Donner having the baby?  He's not due for another month." Donner, as slender and small as he was, had begun to resemble a caricature of a pregnant omega.  His features had softened from the hormones, his face becoming more delicate and feminine. He hadn't gained a significant amount of weight except for the baby itself; it looked like he had crammed a basketball under his shirt.  He informed everyone that pregnancy was no longer fun; he felt sore and bloated and had to pee constantly and his feet kept swelling.
"--as an omega in the military, what sort of advice or insights can you offer the next generation?"
Tony wanted to lie down and cry, but he literally couldn't remember how.  He never cried.  Never broke his carefully maintained mask of control.  And so instead of having a meltdown, instead of screaming, demanding to know how Steve could do this to him, lie to him, Tony did what Tony did best.
After another half an hour of whimpering and whining and squirming in Tony's hold in confusion, arousal, and discomfort, Steve managed to sleep. The exhaustion over took him and he passed out in Tony's arms, head tucked against the cool crook of the suit's shoulder. It was surprisingly comfortable and the padding in Steve's armor certainly helped.
like an Alpha, Sam was a threat; clearly he was here to encroach on Tony's territory, take what was his, steal his omega.
"Come on," she ushered at them with her hands. "You're already late."
"Donner said he got a place in lawschool, but didn't go because of Gideon," Steve murmured, looking sad for it. He thought of all the omega lawyers he'd spoken to in New York, how feisty and fiery they were. Maybe Donner could have been one of them, maybe Steve would have met with him if... if Gideon hadn't come along.
at that. This is my
Aria was right, of course.  In the living room, the three omegas were discussing the conversion camps, because Steve had never heard of anything like it and wanted to know more.
"I'm sure he's doing fine," Steve said.
Tony buried his face into Steve's neck and nuzzled him, mostly for his own comfort.  Steve's smell was almost as good as a couple of glasses of scotch.  (Almost.)  It was a relief to know Steve was okay, but not at all a relief to realize they'd been playing with fire for the last six weeks.
Tony beamed at Steve.  Steve's hesitation disappeared the moment they were on the highway. Tony pulled out his phone to looked up a restaurant; he directed Steve, taking them on a slightly longer route because Steve was clearly enjoying himself.  The car hugged the curves in the road easily; Tony noted that Steve didn't take it over eighty, but he suspected it had more to do with Steve being the kind of guy that respected speed limits as opposed to any sort of real discomfort.
He glanced at Steve.  His eyes traveled to the bruise on Steve's neck.  Tony felt bad about it.  But also found it arousing to see it on Steve's pale throat.  "TONY WAS HERE," it screamed, bold, unapologetic.
"Sixty.  I lost my first," said Dr. Gleason.  He nodded to them.  Or rather, nodded to Steve.  "Bed rest," he added, pointedly.
doing?" he replied.
He ended up sat on a sofa, legs tucked up and boots discarded on the floor. He chewed on the fourth piece of pizza slowly, actually tasting it this time.
He let out a frustrated breath. On the monitor his heart rate had gone up.
"The important thing is you got him out, I guess," Sam hummed.
"As long as it's not cold. I just...I hate the cold." He understood that they didn't have proper linings because they weren't fitted and they were easier to try on. "That's the thing. If you want to pick one for me, I don't want it in the papers when we go to the conference. If it means that much then only you get to see it. Not the whole world." Steve squirmed a little underneath and smiled triumphantly when he heard Tony let out a noise in response.
"I need you. I
The words she said, that Steve was doing fine, didn't hurt as much as the ones she didn't say.
"Thanks, Steve," he said in a low voice.  He decided not to add the weird flashback... Tony had never fought in the trenches or worried about mustard gas.  He knew those fears weren't his and it turned his stomach to know that he had a connection to Steve's old mate.
"...only if I can be Stevie."
"...Steve! said Pietro, recognizing the smell instantly.
"...you better watch yourself, Stark.  If that breeder of yours goes tearing around on his own, both of you are gonna get banned."
"I don't think they'll let you out of the country, Steve," said Tony delicately.  He wiped his face off with a towel and gave his goatee one final examination, making sure the hair was even on his jawline before walking out and sitting tentatively on the edge of the bed.
Banksy peeked out the window again.  "You know what?  I think maybe he has."
Pepper jabbed a finger at him.  "Don't you
She tried every trick in the book, including bribing him with alcohol, but Tony was gone.  She got him out of bed and made him drink a glass of water and choke down a grilled cheese sandwich, but it was like pulling teeth.  She hadn't seen anything this unsettling in a long, long time.
"...yeah," he said softly.  "Sleep. ...it... it looks so good on you, Steve.  I mean, it really does." He brushed his hand over the back of Steve's neck, playing with the collar, with his-- their-- bonding mark.
A man to Gideon's right, who was ginger, was staring at Steve with narrowed eyes. "I'm sorry-- is that who I think is?" he asked and Steve wasn't entirely sure who the question was directed at.
"You got
He slumped down, his head smacking against the window, eyes falling shut. Steve went out like a light.
HYDRA hadn't succeeded today and but Steve felt like he'd still lost the battle.  He had come face-to-face with the mythological Winter Soldier and his worst fears had been confirmed.  All this time Bucky had been suffering and he'd done
"...it's me!  Morgan!"
Steve shivered noticeably at the bite. "If anyone even thinks about breaking my door, I won't be impressed," he mumbled, breath hitching again as he was tugged closer and he felt- yep. Tony was half hard against the curve of Steve's thigh and ass and he doubted that would be going away anytime soon.
Gideon didn't even matter anymore. He wasn't even on Steve's mind. All he could think about was this beautiful baby in front of him, how proud he was of Donner and how Granite was going to change his goddamn life.
He wished Steve hadn't gone to Yemen, either, but it was his fault.  He had pushed his omega away. Like a fucking idiot.
thinks omegas like Steve just needed putting in their place," Aria said. "I won't go into the details, but I'm sure you can imagine. The article was actually pretty sympathetic towards you, Tony."
Tony made sure he was dry before climbing in beside Steve, wrapping his arms around the blond.  Spooning Steve was a weird experience; Tony was used to holding people much smaller.  He checked the clock on the bedside as he settled down with his omega; it was almost five.  He nosed Steve's hair apologetically and closed his eyes, drifting off still thinking about the metal arm on the table downstairs.
Tony watched Steve cry, uncertain of his new role as... what?  He was still Steve's Alpha. But not his primary Alpha, probably.  And after two months of ignoring each other, Tony felt like the best approach was a delicate one.
"Tony-" He started but soon stopped, feeling his body responding again to knowing Tony was aroused and pressed right up against him. Fuck, the other would be able to smell it. Steve swallowed and realised he was arching his back into the touch on instinct, his head leant back against the other's shoulder. He tilted his head a fraction, hot breath tickling Tony's cheek.
Tony threw himself at the door again.  Happy grabbed him and the two crashed to the floor, limbs flailing.  Tony let out a strangled yell of anger, trying to shove Happy away, trying to get past him to his omega.  "
"Welp, it only took us, like, a week to get to the responsible part," joked Tony, sitting back on his knees to open the foil packet and roll the condom down over himself.  "Don't worry, I'm gonna go to the doctor as soon as I can.  ...if you want me to.  ...the thing is, realistically... I have no idea how we're going to remember this part when you go into heat.  Unless SHIELD develops a suppressant that actually works on you..."  Tony trailed off, lying back down on Steve, kissing his cheek and lips.  "Love you, omega," he said softly, pressing himself between Steve's legs.
"You gonna try to recruit me again, Pop-Eye?  Because I'm booked for basically eternity, actually, I was just telling my assistant here to clear my schedule for the foreseeable future.  Sorry, but you'll have to get a different bad boy for your little boy band.  Good luck."
"I can't help it.  I'm jittery. I think I had too much coffee."
No. They had picked Steve because he was good, right? They saw something in him. It wasn't just because he was an omega and he was expendable... right?
He was still stroking Steve's neck, nosing against him, his tongue dragging over the skin to taste him.  Steve's body was like a drug; it was like music; it was the only thing Bucky had ever wanted and at that moment he would have given anything to have it.
want to give it to me now?"  He could honestly not think any anything Steve could have packed that Tony would want.  Tony had everything and if he ever needed something, he could just buy it himself. Plus, Steve no longer had money to just toss around.  Well, he had Tony's money, but still.
"Is loss the same as rejection?"
to start an uproar?"
He looked up when Nick pulled the papers over to himself to check everything had been signed correctly. "You're free to go," he told him, eye flicking up to catch Steve's gaze warningly. It had been a close moment.
Tony frowned.
good omega... good Steve...  Steve," repeated Tony, savoring the taste of his name in his mouth.  He was straining not to cum right away, in part because Steve looked desperate to cum himself and Tony liked seeing him squirm.  Steve wouldn't because Tony had instructed him not to, and Tony had always been fond of teasing his partner.
!  That!  Yes! We need to talk about that!" exclaimed Tony, remembering.  "What the
"JARVIS!" he yelled as he wandered into the kitchen.  It echoed through the house.  The tiles were cold on his bare feet.
"...you look great," said Tony.  He came up behind Steve, who was trying to get his hair was getting overly fluffy, as it tended to do.  Tony pulled his fingers through his own hair, slicking it back, and popped on a pair of sunglasses, nodding at himself approvingly.
"Because, Tony.  I was testing you.  ...and you passed."
"--don't want to leave any marks.  That reflects more on you than him.  The omega is an extensive of yourself; you should treat them with the awareness that clear signs of abuse reflect that you aren't in control and discredit your own standing.  Jenny, come here. Let me demonstrate the--"
He swung out of bed and instinctively checked the bedside stand for a note, but of course, Steve didn't need to leave a note; the interview had been looming over him all week and he'd mentioned a few times his concerns.  Tony, for what it was worth, wasn't worried a bit.  Steve was thoughtful and well-spoken and Tony, at least, was incredibly open about his sex life; he suspected a lot of Steve's misgivings were due to his forties' sensibilities. But Steve had a publicist hand-picked by Pepper, so he ought to be fine.
Some weird motherly instinct kicked in and he wanted to crawl over Nate and protect him from the world. In a grim sense, it occurred to Steve that they'd done the operation 'well.' He didn't smell awful like Tiberius did. He wasn't repulsive but there was a sense of... loss, emptiness. And it tugged at Steve's chest.
"Well, wonderful. Then we can talk about it with him too and deal with this. Because this is real and because of the bond you are
"Not really," mumbled Tony, immediately wrapping himself back around Steve when he came back to bed.  Based on the light streaming in through the windows, it was around dinnertime.  They'd slept away most of the afternoon.  He should probably eat; he'd only had a bowl of cereal all day.  But there was nothing he'd rather do than this.  He nosed Steve's neck, kissing him again, biting his neck.  Reclaiming him, as if he might have forgotten who Tony was during his brief trip to the kitchen and Tony had to re-establish that he was
The audience laughed; so did Banksy.  "Seven months, has it already been seven months?  That's just fantastic. I guess time flies when you're having fun.  Are you two having fun? How's the bonded life been treating you?"
"I'm not letting you drink on set, if that's what you're asking.  Are you wearing that hat or not, Stark?"
"I, er, Tony is just--"
Steve glanced away for a second, then back.
"Come to our charity dinner.  We'll give you an orchid," offered Tony.
He looked over Steve, clenching the sheets, face pressed into them.  His cock was hard and a fine string of precum was dangling from the tip.  Tony's own cock twitched in his hand.
"Like he's a dependent child who's too afraid to let go, and also has confused sexual feelings for you?" Aria asked, taking a drag straight after. She was obviously asking in Steve's interest, her eyes narrowing.
Steve was moving a little.
."  He shot Steve a teasing look.
"Yeah yeah yeah, whatever, so about you singing at this charity thing," said Tony, who was still determinedly staring out at the pool and not looking at Steve.  Curled up on a deck chair together, Tony's arms around Steve, it was tranquil.  Steve decided not to ruin the peace by pressing the subject of Tony's experiences in Afghanistan.  Tony brought it up rarely, and tended to bury it immediately.  If that was how he dealt with it, then that was his own prerogative.
"Oh stop trying to protect my feelings! You were the one who..."  She went quiet for a moment. "He didn't, did he--"
"Kinda done with those people," Steve said. "I just wanna hear about how you are."
An hour ago, Steve had knelt.
Steve did the only thing he could think to do without upsetting Tony outright. He stood goddamn right between them. Pitbull's fist hit his chest instead and the man swore loudly.
A sad quiet filled the room until JARVIS broke it.
.  Is that it?  That sounds right.  ...no, but seriously, you didn't hook up with anyone, right, because I kind of, you know, won you... from Justin... not that I'm saying anyone owns you, because, you know, omega rights and blah blah blah..."
"Go blow yourself," growled Tony, rubbing his head.
Bucky's gut twisted.  "Oh, Stevie... Stevie, it's okay..."
It was child's play.  Only two people.  Except there were three people and two were blonds, actually, so he felt slightly uncertain as to which was which.  No matter.  One was a woman.  She would be easy to subdue.  The other was big, and more threatening, so he went for his first.  It was disappointingly easy; he grabbed his throat and threw him to the ground in an instant, then turned.  There was only one guy with one eye.  He was aiming a gun for him.  For his head, actually.
“No idea.”
While he was at it, he should probably look up heats.  The amount of things he didn't know about omegas was vast.  He hoped Clint would be cool enough to explain things to him; it was embarrassing to be forty years old and not have a clue about this.  It would be the equivalent of going to Natasha and asking a bunch of questions about how menstruation worked.
Tony paused, then ventured, hesitantly, "At the conference, DeSoto mentioned the camps keep omegas... for... practice?"
fucking omega?!"
He found his mind drifting.
When he started awake the next morning his hand flew up to his face instinctively, his cheek feeling cold. Were those fingers against his face? He wasn't sure. The feeling had disappeared just as quickly as it came. But he'd felt it. Maybe Steve just hadn't remembered his dream from that night.
"'M..." Steve struggled to speak. His words were too thick and slow. "'M gonna k-kill you."
"You know where we live, right? Do you have money on you?"
"Where do you think you're going?
Maria let him go; he dropped to the ground, shivering violently.
bonded, you can't--"
"Yeah. But, you could of have been. And it would have been my fault.  I was just following--"
He pulled back with a dazed sort of expression on his face, feeling giddy from all the excitement. Almost like he was drunk. Steve leant down to kiss Tony's bottom lip and then nipped at it. "Beach?"
Tony looked at the light in alarm; it was clearly huge and very heavy.  "Do you need help--" he began.
"...you know, people wanting to sleep with you isn't a bad thing," said Tony, taking a shot and immediately gesturing for another.  "Just... throwing this out there... if you wanted a threesome I would be very, very down for a threesome. Shit, is that--"
"I love you," said Tony quietly.  He kissed Steve's neck.  "Let me take care of you for a few days.  You'll be okay, Steve."
Her again?
The realization and confession washed over him with a chill.
Steve snorted.  "We showed ankles in the forties, Tony.  But no, we just kissed, that was it.  We were fighting a
Rhodey lifted up the vase. "I'll be back in a sec." Then he disappeared into the bathroom.
Gleason rubbed a hand over his face and then put on his glasses. He looked between everyone in the room, his gaze finally landing on Donner.
"Keep it in."  Tony's voice came out rough, a growl.  He was still rocking into Steve's thigh, rubbing his erection against Steve's slick, pale skin.  "Steve I-- I want a threesome. I wanna see you with another person. An omega, or a woman. I won't touch them, I just-- I want-- I want you to be a slut for me."  Tony felt like he was going slightly insane. "I want to suck you off again." Where the hell was any of this coming from? "You can call me Bucky if you want."
"Yep."
, almost, like there was a right way to it, an ancient etiquette that needed to be followed at all costs.
"...I didn't know about that either," he said.  "...Frond said it was tricky. She's right, I mean... unless you know it's there.  I don't think it's common knowledge. I dunno. Maybe you and me should sign up for an anatomy course at a community college or something."  He smiled faintly, settling down into Steve for a nap.
"You know,
"Cut!" yelled Aria and Maria at the same time.  "Steve, don't say you wear a collar in the bedroom--"
We're suing the dick off him!  RESTRAINING ORDER! YOU HEAR ME, GIDEON?"
Hawley was watching with her expression set.
"...Полковник!"  What he needed was more
"That would be fantastic, Cindy, thank you."
"I don't want anything from you," Steve said, his voice trembling. A tear slipped free and streamed down his cheek. He didn't reach up to brush it away. He did reach up to rub at the back of his neck, however. "Well, they'll have someone mate me," he said bitterly. "If they leave Tony's mark here unchallenged he'll find me. Maybe not straight away, but eventually. They're going to have to erase it with someone's and if they going to have you-- have you breed me anyway," his words words were full of venom, "then I don't see why it would be anyone but you.  After all, we're both enhanced.  Does it really even make a difference who does it?  It'll be HYDRA behind it, whether it's you or someone else."
coffee," he said pointedly and squeezed Tony's shoulder lightly.
Tony smiled a little when Steve observed his height.  He had determined he was a solid five inches shorter than Steve, and the suit more than made up for that.
Actually, he was sort of looking forward to that.
And then he saw him. He was a glimmer of movement, a dark shape in the distance. He wasn't in combat gear; he was not wearing an uniform or insginia, but the glint of a metal hand was unmistakable. Steve's breath hitched. He pressed a hand against the glass, the heat of his touch making it steam up around the edges.
"Anthony Edward Stark!"  Tony could tell in an instant she wasn't in a good mood.  "Do you have any idea--"
Tony shrugged.  "...do
"Tony." Steve sighed when he saw the Alpha in his bedroom, by the suit. "You can't seriously leave now. Not after..."
was inexplicably revolting.  Tony had called plenty of betas titles like
Steve blinked when Bucky started complaining and then his face broke into smile. Because that--
He turned.  Eric was waving to him.
"Damn it all!  ...I bet this is those electricians' fault," groused the woman.
being Chantelle, a bossy beta woman who always wore a power suit, and her assistant, Tom, who was also a beta. They told him what to do; they introduced him to Alphas and led him away from them. They made him stay nights with them; they told him not to complain, to be polite, dutiful and obedient. And he was, because he was performing for his life right now. One wrong move and he knew that he could end up somewhere far worse.
Stop being cute.  Stop making me like you.  Ever since you showed up in my life I've felt weird and I
When she mentioned a
When he moved he could feel it, a cold and horrid wetness between and on his legs, thick and sticky. Steve grimaced and lifted his head. His eyes widened a little when he looked down at himself. "Oh," was all he said, voice soft.  Steve abruptly felt awake.
"...Whose fault is it?"
Aria cut in again.  "It was open admission.  Anyone could buy a plate.  Since all the proceeds go directly to charity, we didn't bar anyone.  If they had money to spend, they were more than welcome to come. So, yes, there are some... Alpha-oriented reporters."
Tony's mind was churning through all these various thoughts like a runaway train, thinking about his lack of dominance and how that had made Steve's body choose Bucky over him, and everything that had happened in Afghanistan, and how Steve had been so much better in Yemen, so much stronger, even as an omega...
Sometimes it felt like he was running on borrowed time.
"But we'll still need X-rays and an MRI.  Which you can't be there for."
, right?  I mean, you can't be that screwed up, if you went into heat a few days ago.  ...right?"  He was trying to act casual but the truth was, he was suddenly worried about Steve.  It wasn't, surprisingly, a selfish concern.  Tony wanted Steve to be okay.  Steve looked so incredibly healthy that it was easy to forget how much his body had actually been through.
He could still remember Schmidt's fingers squeezing around his neck as he hoisted Steve into the air and threw him across the room. He could remember all the foul things that man called him.
"How could HYDRA possibly be exploiting my bond already? They probably thought I was an Alpha up until five months ago, and even then, maybe not until I came out to the public. Nat, I don't know how
"Well, you looked good up there."
Like he'd already said: it would be better for Tony to see it with his own eyes.
, that Karpov guy. He pined after him like a puppy. It was depressing to see."
"I think that's the first time I'd ever heard you admit you're stupid," Steve murmured fondly and his gaze finally drifted back up to Tony's face.
"Go ahead and resist," hummed Gideon.  "The longer you wait, the harder it will become.  I've heard your heats come on unusually fast, don't them, Steve?"  He pulled one hand away from behind Steve's ear, keeping the other in place, and licked his fingers.  "I should also like to remind you, Steve, that one of your Alphas is currently under the care of SHIELD, which is overseen by the WSC.  Keeping him alive is both a massive security risk as well as a huge cost drain. It would be very, very easy to eliminate him. I'm happy to keep Barnes alive for you, if you would show some gratitude."  His hand went back to Steve's scent gland, massaging it; it was slippery with oil, a result of Steve's preheat and the stimulation.
absolutely furious, the asset still felt a magnetic draw to him that he couldn't explain.  He liked his smell, even when it was angry. He liked his voice and his expressions. He liked him a lot.  Just being around him gave him the same feeling as when he was around Karpov and Karpov told him he was good or gave him a cigarette or helped him brush his hair from his face.
Only one or two generations ago, omegas had not truly been treated as people.  There were a ton of establishments they were barred from, positions they couldn't hold.  Education was denied to them.  No one thought it was unjust; it was just that omegas were seen as being put on the earth to serve Alphas, to bear and raise children, to submit happily once they were bonded.  The idea of an omega who wanted to
"What's sex with Tony Stark like?!" It was one of the omegas in preheat, her eyes were wide and she smelt awesome. Tracy pushed a half a bottle of tequila into his hand.
Tony's tone sounded different but Steve didn't frown, he just complied, trusting Tony explicitly as he rolled over beneath his Alpha. The sand was soft beneath him and he didn't care that it was getting in his hair and all over his clothes. This was actually going to be the first time they had sex since his heat. They'd both been sore and things had been… awkward. So this felt important.
"...Goldstein," said Tony, trying not to laugh.  He failed, sniggering.  "Can you... can you throw on a sick beat for me, something I can kick my buddy's ass to?"
"You told me to, sir.  You told me to take it off, so I did," said Tony with sarcastic innocence.  His mocking tone was disturbingly similar to DeSoto's.
"Don't you dare say you were following orders," snapped Steve.
Tony gave Steve a wide grin.  "I can think of several things we can do," he said.  After a beat, he added, "Aria and Pepper are probably gonna burst in and start grooming us like poodles in an hour, though, if we're supposed to leave in two.  They're both kind of control freaks. Although to be fair I'm not really great at tying ties without Pep, so I guess it's justified."
"That was fucking mental," Aria whispered.
"Uh-huh?" prompted Tiberius.
"Jarv?" he called.  "Put on my Christmas movie list.  Rogers, enjoy." He kissed the top of the omega's head and settled down for a lazy day in bed.  It wasn't the lodge, but it was still nice.
," protested Tony.  "Besides, I ate earlier."
"Yeah.  Or Japs," he conceded.  "But I was stationed on the western front so I didn't see much of the Pacific, mostly just France and Italy and Austria."
"Why would you wanna be an Alpha when you could be yourself?" Steve asked the girl and she blinked, giving him a funny look. "Oh. And don't have high hopes for breakfast," he warned her, before pushing through the crowds to step outside.
Tony felt he needed a drink or two, though, as he was trying to keep up with the news.  Plenty of people were happy about the bonding.  Some were skeptical.  But the thing that hurt Tony the most wasn't the skeptics.  It was the people who said Steve could do better, that Tony wasn't good enough for him, that Captain America shouldn't have settled for Tony. Tony liked to think of himself as fun and eccentric but was well aware that he often came across as a jerk.  And he'd never really cared one bit, until now.
The workbench soon became the only thing that was keeping Steve standing. He panted, his fingers digging in...perhaps even leaving dents in the metal surface of the table. Oops? When Tony licked at his head Steve definitely heard the bench groan a little in protest. Fuck.
He caught Steve's eye in the mirror on the wall where he was combing his hair, and smiled.  His pencil mustache was neatly trimmed and Steve could smell a faint trace of his cologne. "What'd, you hit your head or something?  We're going out to Baby's, Steve, remember? I've been planning this for weeks. Don't tell me you don't remember."
"Nice to meet you Donner," Steve said with an impressive degree of cheerfulness. He thought about offering a hand to shake but he didn't want Donner to get in trouble with Gideon. It wasn't his intention to make anyone's situation worse.
"Yay," said Tony, voice flat.
Beyond that he felt utterly lost.
...maybe it was just because of the noise of the helicopter.  Yeah, that was it, Steve consoled himself.
Pepper rose obediently and went to escort the last of the agents out.  She walked out of Tony's suite and down the hall to Steve's room, where Coulson and Steve were huddled together, talking in low voices.  He was a likable man, and Pepper admired omegas in powerful positions, but Tony needed rest.  The two of them, Steve and Phil, looked.... conspiratorial together and for some reason she felt an intuitive sense of unease.  She looked between Phil and Steve carefully and her eyes perhaps narrowed a fraction.  "Everything okay in here? I managed to get statements pushed back to tomorrow morning. Tony won't stop drinking with them breathing down his neck."
"I don't get it," said Banksy finally.
Still, he was running through a mental Rolodex of people he could ask, just in case Rhodey said no.  The problem was that, while Tony knew lots of people, there were few he trusted, and few he had confidence in.  His list of friends was short and this was a delicate situation.
"But its
Tony could not, for the life of him, remember why Sam was here; he hovered over Steve, still pinned by the suit, growling softly.  The only reason he wasn't actively trying to tear Sam to shreds was because Sam's posture was so submissive. Sam didn't make any sudden movements; the two of them squared off for  what felt like forever. It was Pepper that saved them.
The man pointed at Steve half-heartedly. It was awkward. "
"Revenge," said Clint and Natasha in sync.  They shared a small, mean little smile with each other.
Tony let go of Steve's arm.  "I need to get out of this suit," he said.  "There's a gantry on sub-level three.  You guys go grab my dad's stuff without me."
"We should try to sleep.  We don't know how long they're going to leave us in here for."
!  Just the man I was looking for!  Can I steal him for a sec, Keisha?"  He gave Steve's arm a tug. "As if you even need makeup," he scoffed.  "Come on, let's go have some omega talk, I want you to meet Danielle.
Despite all his protests, now that he was seeing and hearing his father, he was utterly absorbed.
Steve was ready to get out of here already. He didn't want to stay another night, especially not with DeSoto lingering around.
Natasha ran her hands over her face and through her hair with a loud sigh. "Черт," she whispered softly.
On the silent television screen, Tina and the man and the blonde newscaster were all gesturing wildly and passionately.
.) But this was HYDRA's doing. They were the ones who sent Steve into heat, made him go crazy and ordered Bucky to do it.
"I already Googled him.  No dirt," said Tony. He was telling a half-truth; he had had JARVIS run every possible search on Gene Bennett.  He worked for a company called Vector Solutions, a consulting firm involved in market research, in the human resources department.  That had put together a few bonds and there were plenty of people who said he was a good "match-maker," but there was no sign of money exchanging hands, no sign of anything forced or illegal.
"I heard he's getting sacked," said one scientist to the other.  "Probably tomorrow, if not later today."
are too busy being oppressed by me to get it."
"Tony?  Tony, SHIELD needs you."
"Are you not listening?"  Pepper sounded frustrated.  "I'm resigning!  Tony, every day since I've become CEO, it's like- like you're going to kill yourself or wreck the company. I feel like I'm just putting out fires left and right, and-"
"Love you," he mumbled wearily.
"I try not to judge people on their attitudes and opinions but rather their willingness to change them," Steve murmured.  Tony certainly had; he'd taken a complete U-turn.  Steve couldn't be prouder of him, actually.  Tony had been treating him like shit only weeks ago.  Now he was on Steve's side. I
"Sounds good," Steve hummed as he flopped back onto the sofa opposite her. He stared up at the ceiling. He appreciated that Aria was younger. Pepper was in her thirties, but Aria was twenty-eight. They were supposedly at similar points in their lives. "Sorry you er...ended up spending Christmas here."
Bucky got up and walked toward the door.
"Yo, Steve? What's up? Ha, were you there for the Pitbull thing? Man, that was funny. This isn't about Bucky, right? Because I can't--"
"Uh-oh," said Tony.  Steve's smell had gone from warm to ice-cold in an instant.
"You never know what's going to happen," Steve shrugged simply. Irshad tactically changed the subject:
?" repeated Malick, who obviously felt Steve was an awful role model.
On the TV screen, Steve Rogers was holding a microphone and belting out a sad song.
He'd only ever knelt for one other Alpha in his entire life.
"Oh, I'm Jed." She told him with a breathless kind of smile. Steve, finally, shook her hand too. "And yes! Heavy lifting. There's a lot of it. Barb, why don't you show the Captain to the tents we're still setting up and I'll show Mr. Stark the generators?"
"Aria!" He just managed to grit out. "Get the fuck out of here!
"People change," said Natasha, picking a small, wilted piece of lettuce out of her sandwich.
"Do I need to do anything on Friday?" asked Tony, hoping to recapture Pepper's interest.
"And then an hour after that for each one," Steve told him, watching as Tony decimated their bottle of wine. After a third he would still be under influence during the simulation, which really wasn't ideal. It ran off the sub-conscious and a drunk sub-conscious was a stressful thing to be stuck in, surely?
Donner giggled softly.  "He and I are the same age, though, really."
"Who's she?" asked Brooke, eyeing Aria warily.
The beta woman led him to just outside the cordoned-off omega area. "You will wait here for your Alpha to pick you up," she instructed him.
"It's me!  ...Morgan?  ...we, um, we met at that wildlife charity thing two years ago?  I was at your birthday party...?"
He had time to kill.  Three or four months ago, he would have been content to sit and wait, his mind an utterly blank slate.  But he hadn't had any retraining sessions for a long time and now his mind always seemed to be buzzing with confusion and indecision and emotions he couldn't really put a word to.
There was a second beep from the door and Rhodes walked in; Tony's body tensed on top of Steve's, unwillingly, automatically.  Rhodey smelled all wrong.  Metallic.  Blood on steel.  Tony's grip on Steve tightened and he growled, low, in the back of his throat.
"Yes, well... we want to send you back in for a second try of it."
It was from Phil. It made him smile.
"This
Bucky's face fell.
Joan rushed up to Tony, blonde hair falling around her shoulders. She giggled sweetly. "Can we hang out with him sometime?"
Damned Avengers.  Tony was looking forward to kicking them all out once he got his new element synthesized.
"JARVIS!  Call Aria and Pepper, tell them Steve's cycling... if he wants that interview he'll have to do it today," hollered Tony.  "...and call Gleason about medications!"
"Hm?"  Tony had been huffing through his mouth, breathing, tasting Steve's scent.  There was a longing to it, almost a desperation.  "Oh!  Topiary artist.  Didn't you see my bushes out front?  Geometric shapes.  I hire a team to come in and trim them like that.  You don't think the dogwoods are naturally dodecahedrons, right?  Hell, dogwoods aren't even native to California."  Tony glanced up.  Steve was staring at him.  Just... staring.
Clint ducked as Steve threw the shield prototype right back at the other's head. The omega captain was on his feet again, jaw a little set in frustration that the moment had been ruined. Maybe it was a little embarrassing getting caught doing
"I can take some of y'all up in the truck," added Lawrence, rising.  It was clear he meant the back of the truck; Tony looked horrified at the idea.
Steve's phone chimed.
Steve squeezed his hands again and lead him back to bed. It would be hard to get Tony to try and eat now no doubt. "I'm just gonna grab you a coffee," he said and kissed his forehead before disappearing for a moment.
Bucky considered this.  "...like Steve's sketchbook," he said suddenly, a light clicking on somewhere behind his eyes.
Well, he wasn't.
Everyone looked around.  Pietro was standing by the door with an armful of papers.  The floor and benches were clean, the notebooks all gathered up in his arms.
"Is there any side effects to having a heat just stop?" Steve said, sticking out his arm so Richard could take his pulse.
"You see, this sort of insolence, this Ludheim doesn't have to deal with, this is why she doesn't care if we let all your programming go to hell.  You used to be so much better and now you're constantly asking questions.  You've been out of cryo too long and you've become annoying."
"Oh I'm so sorry. We've clearly not been doing it enough," Steve hummed dryly, raising a brow at Tony as he finished the last of his salmon sandwich. He knew he wasn't the most clued up on sex but Steve was aware that heand Tony did it a lot. They had a super serum libido to contend with. Especially in the months where Steve had been growing an immunity to heat inducers; that had been
Steve was quiet for a moment. "I guess... I guess if we're being honest..." he began.  "The thing is... your Dad.  He was inappropriate, with his... hands, not just what he said. But he didn't want me. He just wanted Captain America... but you can't really have sex with a concept.  And I'm not a concept, Tony.  I'm a person.  I need you to treat me like that.  Like a person.  Not a trophy."
Clint looked down.  Fury was standing there, hands clasped behind him.  Clint didn't say anything.
"Go find this omega's jacket.  There's a key in the pocket. Stark, what's the key look like?"
"What?  Yeah, of course.  Whatever, Steve.  I'll support you no matter what.  I'm your Alpha, aren't I?  We're bonded.  You're stuck with me.  Literally, currently."
kept the knot in.  He and Steve knotted regularly.
, he thought vaguely,
"I'm really glad I could.  It was an honor Steve," he said. And Steve could tell he meant it. The memories of his heat were fuzzy...but he was pretty sure Ty saw some wacky stuff.
Tony looked down at the mug in his hands.  Well, he'd certainly gotten DeSoto's attention.  Frankly, DeSoto seemed desperate for any sort of positive reinforcement, and little wonder, considering his Alpha thought it was good sport to make him fight other omegas.  It was odd, so odd, like there were two Rons, because one of them was a tyrannical asshole who waved guns at his partners and the other was a guy Tony had played poker and shared a glass of gin with the night before.  Ron had seemed normal. It was like these types of Alphas were vampires or skin-walkers or something, and the idea that Tony had probably interacted with plenty of them in his day-to-day life without having any idea what the domestic situation was like creeped him out.  Like that guy he'd seen who was a Stark Industries big-shot... how many Alphas in his life were terrible people behind closed doors?
"Congrats on the medal Tony," Boswell rumbled from his chair.
Aria offered Steve her binder.
"Tom Banksy, George Burke, Donner Malick, Steve Rogers, James Rhodes, and Sam Wilson" replied JARVIS.
"Pretty sure it was published in the 1800s," said Phil.
"Naw, I just saw him out there talking to Dennis."
A camera operator gave Steve a wave, pointed to the camera ("Look right here"), then held up a hand.  "Okay, we're going live in thirty."
They had gotten to the end of the hall and bumped into three men; Steve had smashed two in the face and shot one.  The gunshot in the hallway left the soldier's ears ringing.
After a few moments, Tony tossed the pamphlet aside and closed his eyes to work on his tan.
"He was declared dead in 1944, sir."
The girl was staring at him.
“You know, Tony, people talk about things other than
Maybe it was just a side effect of dying.  Tony reminded himself, consciously, that he
"I like Steve Rogers," said Bucky, a bit defensively.
She shook her head.  "I can't. It's
"The health insurance is good," Phil filled in conversationally. "Though we really should be leaving..." He said and glanced to Clint.
"Huh."
"You said it was a flashback."
Tony blinked suddenly and grabbed up the phone.
Steve eventually pulled off of him and then rolled onto his front, half sprawled across Tony's chest like this. "We really need to make it to a bed next time," Steve mumbled, Brooklyn accent creeping back. "Do you wanna have a bath?"
Steve sighed.  He did not want to join Tony in the shower; the mere mention of the Tesseract left him unsettled and put a damper on his whole weekend.  It was dangerous and he did not care if it was the 21st century; he thought it was better off left alone.
"...but I
Steve took his collar off in the elevator and didn't know where to put it. But it felt good his neck to finally
Steve wasn't sure what to think about Tony in a collar. He didn't really feel anything. The man could wear anything and make it seem natural, especially once the sunglasses were slid into place. They both looked good, regardless of what they wore on their necks.
"Nice tie," replied Tony.  Happy was wearing a black tie printed with tiny red-and-white candycanes.
Coulson let out a small huff and looked up at the ceiling, hands behind his back.
"Stevie, it's okay, I love you, I'm back now," Bucky reassured him.
A low growl was rumbling in Bucky's throat at the television.
Steve stared down at where they were joined together. It didn't look like they'd be able to pull apart within the next ten minutes and certainly not without hurting each other. Steve huffed out a soft breath and ran a hand down Tony's bicep, squeezing gently. "I'll grab a quick shower before I go downstairs; pretty sure I'll stink of sex," he murmured. And he really didn't want to subject Brennan, or whoever the other person, was to that.  "Also, no taping. And definitely
"Have fun undermining outdated and oppressive institutions!" called Happy as they got out of the car.
. That's how they work. Get the results and let me know if I have to get in touch with SHIELD doctors or not. And you don't have to make the decision straight away."
"This isn't all on you, Tony. I'm responsible for my actions, just like you are for your own." Steve distantly remembered Peggy finding him after Bucky's death, trying and failing to numb the pain with whiskey. She told him that Bucky had made his own decision, that he had to respect it and not blame himself. But it wasn't like Steve had gotten force-bonded out on the front lines; there was nothing respectful about what he did.
"Yes, well, Mr. Stark is very busy..."
"--besides, I'm drunk, I just... I just came here to crash on your couch.  Let's watch a movie or something?"
"It goddamn better be Avicii," said Tony with sudden conviction.  "Where's Pepper?  Pepper!" he yelled.
Steve curled his arms around him tightly and squeezed gently. "I don't care about the party. I care about you. I don't think I actually say that enough Tony," he murmured and kissed the top of his head. "Whatever you're feeling, you can tell me. I'm not here to judge you, I'm just here to love you, okay?" He whispered and rubbed his hand up and down Tony's left one. "Talk to me.  The party can wait."
It felt different than Tony (duh) but not necessarily in an unpleasant way. It wasn't his Alpha, so it wasn't quite as satisfying, but it did feel goddamn good. It was longer, thicker and its smooth surface was oddly pleasing in its own way. Steve let out a stuttered breath as Tony moved it inside of him, his hands fishing in the sheets as he moaned.
George cast a look at Kerry; Kerry held up the clipboard.
"I dunno.  Just... be with me, I guess.  Let me drink, maybe.  I could really use more than one drink at a time, y'know?"  He sighed a little, trying to shake off the guilt unsuccessfully.
She didn't say anything else, because Banksy came bouncing over.  "STEVE!" he shrieked, throwing his arms around Steve. "I was looking all over for you!  Well, of course, first I went to check out the flowers... I notice mine and Boswell's weren't up for sale.  Did Tony kill it or are we that special? OH! Boz isn't here, he was feeling a bit under the weather. But I got everyone from SA together!  You already know Danielle, of course, and here's Wendy Germaine and Remi St. Laurent... Ty didn't come, he didn't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable in close quarters..."
Pepper rolled her eyes.  "He's the one who drives me to drink in the first place.  Take a seat. I'm guessing you're here about the party."
One of them was eyeing him suspiciously.  "Perhaps his failure is due to a failure in his programming."
"You better check how Mr. Stark is doing in his poker game," Fred told him, appearing at his other side.
Steve watched Jorge finishing off cleaning Malick's car. It looked like he took good care of it. "What if...what if we did it in his room, you think that would piss him off in a less dangerous way?"  He shot Tony a small grin.
He accidentally picked a hole into the cup of coffee, which prompted spilled all over him.  Tony looked mildly surprised by this and looked up at Steve in alarm, as if to ask him if he'd known there was coffee in the cup all along.  Then he looked down at himself.
Steve leaned up a little to watch her go, not even having a chance to respond before the pink cheeked girl had disappeared out the door. He could hear in it her voice, though- the gratitude. His chest warmed a little.
"I've been thinking about it for a long time, actually.  Ever since being unfrozen."
"Nonsense." Gleason pushed the plate of pancakes and bacon in front of him along with a glass of orange juice. It was a Steve-sized portion. "It was therapeutic, not to mention invigorating.  Getting angry at a load of statusists really gets the blood flowing," he tried to joke. Steve nearly smiled. Gleason was a good cook and his food tasted delicious. As he ate he asked the doctor about his kids and husband and Gleason chatted for a while, talking about Anna's college applications and Francis finally presenting as a beta.   (They'd been convinced that he'd present as omega post-puberty, but apparently he was just a very slender, omega-y beta.)  Dr. Gleason looked excited, happy, and Steve realised he was sitting there talking with a friend, not just his doctor.
Steve spent the evening destroying a series of punching bags. He got through six in total and his knuckles got sore after he became too lazy to wrap them properly between each bag. But it didn't matter; the pinkness would be gone by the morning.  Just as drinking scotch couldn't get him drunk, physical exercise had only a fleeting effect on him, and he could never quite work hard enough to entirely forget the things that plagued him.
"Because there's information inside that we want. It's a
"Where are we going?"
Pepper looked down at the bottle in her hand and smiled.  "...come on," she repeated, gesturing for Aria. "We'll talk to the boys in the morning.  I think, tonight, we earned a break."
"...are you an Alpha?"
"Well, bonding's like marriage, you find the one and you get hooked," said Mackenzie with a peaceful shrug.  "You married, Jasper?"
Clint and Barney were too excited to see each other to even acknowledge Steve or Tony.
tried it during my fortieth and it was very popular.  Totally stole the show," disagreed Tony. Aria rolled her eyes.
!  Stop bothering the talent!  Just ignore him," instructed Jameson.  "Peter,
"We should get him somewhere more comfortable," Natasha murmured. "They'll have a lot of questions." She hesitated a few seconds. "It might be easier if I ask them instead of..." Her eyes flitted sideways pointedly as Hill and Fury were flitting about on the other side of the glass, clearly in a somewhat heated discussion.
, Steve?  ...fuck me, I need a smoke."  Tony hadn't smoked in years, at least not cigarettes.  He only asked for one when his stress levels were through the roof.
.  He's in Yemen."
He had crossed only half the distance when he stopped, still staring.
Tony stared at the other omega in alarm.  The other omega was standing within reach of Tony, but very obviously just out of reach of Steve.
It was just the three of them in the back of the truck, even though the truck was big enough to fit probably twenty people.  Clearly, no one had wanted to be anywhere near her, and he didn't blame them. Only the omega beside her seemed utterly unperturbed.  He was reading from a notebook he'd taken from the facility.
Pepper let out a sigh.  She reached over and pulled the bottle of vodka away from him.
Most of the conversation had been muffled by the door but Tony and DeSoto heard the last part loud and clear.  Steve sounded like he had gotten fairly worked up.
He stripped without embarrassment and yanked on the hospital gown before settling onto the bed; Richard snapped on a pair of gloves.  "Now, the average labor takes about eight hours. But for omegas it's always a little bit longer... I'm afraid the ladies have us beat on that one," he said cheerfully, ducking between Donner's legs.  "...oh, you've got a ways to go... you've barely started to dilate."
lucky to have been given this chance," Maria pointed out sternly. "And to have gotten to see you again."
had friends before Steve ruined everything.  DeSoto was my friend."
"Don't I have some sort of-- some sort of thing saying employees can't date each other?"
"Shall I tell Miss Potts you are rescheduling again?"
"Yeah," agreed Tony.  He could feel the stirrings of a headache from too much alcohol and physical exertion combined with not enough water.
"I kinda want to punch that middle guy," Steve admitted in a mumble. It probably would have annoyed him even more if he hadn't heard all of this a hundred times already. He moved his hand to push Tony's hair back from his forehead. "And, for the record..." He breathed softly. "I don't want any other Alphas either."
...or maybe it was just that Steve hadn't grown up surrounded by this sort of lavishness.
Bucky reached his right hand across the lever and set it gently on Steve's knee, craving contact with him.  As unfamiliar and strange as the world was, as lost and confused as the war had left him, this was one thing Bucky was certain of.  That he'd pretty much always be certain of. He was bonded to Steve, he loved Steve, and he'd missed him desperately.
Slowly, deliberately, he reached up to remove his faceplate to get a better look at the man.  He'd never seen the guy before in his life.
"...how about just a plain black one?  Black goes with everything. And later you can get a different color, if you fill it up," said Pietro.
"...okay, then bring
Steve," Steve said with a frown. Right? He
Tony perked up a little.  "So... the bond that... that Barnes left, that's gonna go away?"
"Ah excellent! I have to say, it's an honor."
Tony kicked himself out from under the pipe and rose.  For a split second, Steve saw Tony's knees buckle slightly.  He put a hand out to steady himself on the pipe; he was used to hiding weakness.  He grinned easily and set the level on top.  "...damn it... okay... that's a few degrees off..."  He crouched, examining a junction between two pipes.  "I need... I need something here... maybe some... yeah, that might work... CLINT!  ARE THERE A FEW COPIES OF WIRED ON MY COFFEE TABLE?"
There was some rustling on the end of Natasha's line as she got herself comfortable on a sofa. "So it's all going well for you two? You enjoying your honeymoon? You guys
"Captain.  Mr. Stone has arrived," reported JARVIS at precisely nine-thirty.  Steve had just finished polishing off a carton of eggs and a half-package of turkey bacon.  "...and Mr. Stark requests bacon. He has advised me to warn you that he might be suffering from starvation."
Steve knew that Peggy hadn't had any children of her own. She'd married an American beta man and had an omega woman by the name of Angie who had passed almost eight years ago now. Peggy seemed fine by herself, of course; she was managing. Peggy had always been fiercely independent.
Emily stared, wide-eyed.  "You say lots of bad words."
"Omega."
"Er... sure. Just, don't get too close."
A spasm went through him and he groaned, nearly dropping Nick.  Had he been shot or something without noticing?  The adrenaline had certainly skewed his perspective, that much was certain.
Fury opened his mouth, then closed it.  There was a pregnant pause.
Donner crinkled the water bottle again, looking down for a few long moments, then slipped off the bed and padded timidly over to Rhodey.  Rhodey put a firm hand on his shoulder and guided him out the door.
The second year it had been him and Obie.  Obie had gone with him the first five years and after that, it was just a ritual for Tony to swing by.  He was in New York so often for business anyway and it felt weird not to.
Steve and Haley were swaying along easily.  Haley let Steve lead since he was taller. "Honestly, I owe you a huge debt... I don't think we'll be allowed back next year, and I'm fine with that," she said happily.  "All the other omegas are just so boring, you know? Every time I ended up in a room with the popular ones, I wanted to stick a knife into my gut. You know, the popular ones: DeSoto, Waffles, Donner, Vix, Shimmer... Ashtray used to be in that group until Mike dumped him..."  She shook her head a little. "Absolutely barbaric. At least I don't have to work alongside any of them. My mate, she's got the patience of a saint." She let Steve dip her. "How have you been holding up? I saw in the paper you and Tony are wearing bands now."
In the kitchen, Tony made himself a Bloody Mary to compose himself after watching the video and then went back to the living room to interrupt the omegas' little conference.  He walked up behind Steve and leaned in to murmur into his ear.
Tony stared at Steve, a mass of emotions roiling inside of him.
He twisted under the heavy, electrified whip, trying to get it off him; he managed to find one end of it and yanked it clean off of Vanko's arm.  He hoped he dislocated the bastard's shoulder in the process.
She tore up the stairs and returned a moment later holding a pair of dogtags.  "Not Steve's!" she said excitedly, holding up a pair of dogtags. She punched in 7038; they keycard flashed green and all seven of them stumbled inside, slamming the heavy, bullet-proof door behind them.
"Shit," said Sam.
He blushed suddenly; George gave him a look.
"Congratulations," added Sam.  On the range, Tony's fanclub had swelled significantly and Tony was running through the specs of a line of weapons, handling them with a disturbing level of comfort.  So far, he hadn't missed a shot.  Sam glanced back at Steve.
There was a pop, and Pearl stopped growling.
"...Steve, am I on speakerphone?  ...I'm inviting
Natasha glared at him.  Tony gave her a cocky grin.  In Natasha's presence, Tony's defenses had gone up a little.  But he didn't dare show it.  He looked thoroughly unconcerned.  He gazed around the lab with unconcealed curiosity, cataloguing the equipment, mentally judging and assessing the technological prowness of SHIELD.  It was decent.  Not up to Stark standards, but then, nothing ever was.
"Reining me in?" Steve echoed, evidently amused at the idea. "That's cute."
"Sweet.  Let's do it, then," said Tony cheerfully, stopping through a carefully maintained hedge toward the cliffside.  He strolled off it and went into a dive; his heart pounded with excitement and he felt the usual rush that accompanied the split-second before he felt the drop in his stomach indicating he was in free-fall, trusting his technology to pull him out of it before he splattered all over the ground.
They kept saying it, like somehow it would make it true.
Donner's moment of confidence was wilting.  "--can't-- t-tell me what to do."
"Got 'em."
"You're about two, three weeks along," said David.  "It's incredibly early.  If you were even a day or two earlier, in fact, we wouldn't have been able to detect it."
"Tony.  Can I talk to you outside?" asked Pepper, rising.
Tony could barely keep his hands off Steve while he took his pills.  Steve's whole body was clammy and shivering.
He was still shaking. His forehead was clammy and his shirt was sticking to him a little. Steve didn't look good, his skin having taken on a pale, waxy tinge. He clutched Tony's hand in both of his, focusing on the bumps of his knuckles He screwed his eyes shut. The phone was still ringing. It was making his head hurt. "Could-- could you pass it to me?" he asked, not sure his legs would support him if he tried to walk over and fetch it right now. "I just... I gotta, in case it's Nat."
"...you happy?"
Steve kissed his temple again, texting Happy to meet them outside.
"...he's with SHIELD, in cryo," added Tony, before Peggy could start planning a rescue mission.
"Mishaps?  Is that what we're calling them?" replied Tony, cocking his head.  Then he added, "I've been real lucky to have Steve. He's... stabilizing, I guess."   He shot Steve a glance and suddenly felt like their fight was stupid. Sure, Steve had gone off on him for no reason, but he was probably just stressed about the show.  And the last seven months had actually been some of the best in his life. They'd been easy. No stress from the company at all. No board or shareholders to harass him.  Just unlimited time to work in the shop and listen to music, and all of that peppered with lots of sex. Steve was humble and complimentary and made sure he was eating. Steve was like Pepper but so much more giving, so much more affectionate.  And Pepper was right. Steve
"You have a sarcastic AI program?" wondered Clint in fascination.
"No, no, like a bad taco.  A food truck taco," said Donner.  "Nothing fancy."
-- uh-oh--
When Tony turned back for a moment to fiddle with his hair Steve picked his collar back up. He sighed, running the pad of his thumb along the suede inside. How could it be so pretty but serve such an ugly purpose? Steve couldn't understand collars, why they were
Sam turned back to the phone.  "Look, the Iron Man armor is some of the only tech that's powerful enough to actually control him if he goes rogue.  I think he should be kept here." A pause. "If the Winter Soldier can see through his eyes do you really want him in a SHIELD base?"  Another pause. "You
"It would piss off all the Alphas but they couldn't complain, right?  Since I'm an Alpha? There's no rules against Alphas wearing collars, right?"
Sam could literally feel the hand crushing his bones; his eyes watered.  "Nat!" he gasped.
"No crazier than usual," said Pepper.  "I mean, Captain America, back from the dead, and an omega, and bonded by Tony... it's already crazy."  Tony paused in his guitar plucking to listen in.
"Yeah... well... rebonding does that," said Sam softly.
Natasha didn't reply to this.
Bucky paused.  He had titled the page: FALLEN COMRADE: BUCKY BARNES, 1917-1944, which was what the exhibit was titled.
Her voice returned to normal.  "I didn't think
"Seven years ago, you were telling me your stupid theory about Captain America being more than one person, that Steve Rogers was a media invention designed to sell war bonds and make people feel patriotic during the war... and I told you what I read in the
Exactly who was trading them was unclear; Clint's history had the sort of shadiness that Natasha's did, and it was clear he generally preferred to keep it that way.
He wished he just call Dugan up right now. He'd be the perfect person to talk to... Steve wondered where he was buried, if he had family. He hadn't even asked.
We'll say something like that, basically.
"You understand we need this to be a covert operation, to give us the best chance of getting Steve out alive?" asked Sam.
"No clue, actually.  ...it looks like they're operating alone.  Actually, I'm surprised they don't want Steve.  Maybe they've deflected from HYDRA?" Maria was loading a taser with leads; she popped the cartridge in with the heel of her hand.  "I think we should try to just neutralize them. Nick's already aware of the situation."
"Howie, a kid that smart will turn out fine.  You're doing your best," said Jarvis.  "Look at him; he's curious, he's thriving."
Steve's words hit him like a truck.
"He's gonna be okay, right?  Four ribs?  Did you say broken?  Is he going to be okay?  He's definitely okay, though, right?  Please, make him be okay. Fix him, please, he's my mate--"
He almost felt like he were watching a conversation between mother and child, which was odd. Steve knew Tony was technically a lot older than him, but he didn't often feel like the more mature one.  Tony was looking at Pepper with a hurt expression.
turned on, his Brooklyn accent crept in, and Tony loved that, loved the loose, brash feel of it, compared to Steve's normally well-spoken, neatly composed speech.
Also, reminder: no updates on Thursday and possibly no updates on Sunday due to the Infinity War release.  - T
Steve felt oddly serene, in that moment.  Odd, because he never would have guessed that he, Captain America, would find peace in the cold, dreary, overcast city of London, England.
"God damn it, Tony!"
"Are there other omegas here?" Steve asked, trying to sound much more confident than he felt. He felt
"I'm serious," Steve hissed. "Where are we going?"
Tony and Steve dozed through a couple of movies before Tony took him off to wash him.  He massaged his scalp, his shoulders, feeling the tension drain out of his muscles. Tony had never cared for another person before and found he liked the way the omega's head lolled into his hands, the appreciative little noises Steve made as Tony dripped warm water down his back.
"Steve."
By December Steve was declared immune which meant he was ready for the fight again. Fury, of course, soon caught wind of what he was doing.
But Tony couldn't possibly picture Steve kneeling for him in front of the cameras.
"I'm thirsty."
"I get that you're pissed at me. But if I hadn't told Director Fury you had palladium poisoning you would probably be dead already," Steve pointed out. "And after the way you--" He waited for Phil to walk past. "After the way you
"A little bit, yeah.  They sorta overlap," said Tony.  "His is... more prominent.  But maybe that's just 'cos it's more recent."  There was a note of hopefulness in his voice; Steve suspected Tony had been thinking about it a lot.
Sam laughed a little.  "That's pretty high praise, coming from her, isn't it?"
The doctor showed himself out.
"This is all my fault, I pushed him to try on collars, I pushed him to try mating last night, I fucked up, I fucking ruined everything, he could be anywhere now, we're never gonna find him if he's off the grid, oh, fuck..." Tony was too distraught over losing Steve to even snap at Pepper, who had shown up to try to help out, though the situation was looking rather grim.  If Steve didn't want to be found, then they probably wouldn't find him.
"No matter. Even baby steps count," Banksy reached out to squeeze his arm. "You have to be one of my first guests. I absolutely insist."
He waved to the bartender for a whiskey.  He needed it. Desperately
Tony took the opportunity to clock him in the jaw, then swear profusely, because punching someone with a hand that had several broken fingers was a sobering experience.
Tony remembered speaking to DeSoto's Alpha during the night and remembering wanting to win him but could not, for the life of him, remember why.  Surely he had had a damned good motivation for wanting to win another human being. DeSoto wasn't his type, which meant there was something else interesting about him, but Tony could not think of what that could possibly be.  He was sure that, if he spoke again to DeSoto's Alpha, he could probably remember it, but DeSoto was here, now, and he felt like if he waited until later he would miss out on some sort of opportunity.
"That's disgusting."
? thought Tony.
Steve had gotten used to selfies, although he still found the concept strange. He grew up in a time when people were always taking photographs of other people, never themselves. And he still never did it himself, only ever with other people.
Tony didn't pull the covers up.  He should feel self-conscious, but he didn't.  Not around Steve.
"So did I, until I woke up," Steve said.
He opened the door and there was DeSoto, hovering.
"Take his shield to bed?" repeated Pepper.
"And we look out for ours," said Danielle.
"...no?" said Rhodey, suddenly aware they were on thin ice.  "...I would have thought he was."
"No," he said with surprise.  "Of course I'm not mad.  We're pals... aren't we?"  He looked over Captain Rogers.  There was a weird disconnect between his smell and his appearance.  He looked like an Alpha; he was tall and muscular, with a strong jaw and straight back.  But his smell was omega, and it made Buck feel a powerful tug toward him.  He liked Captain Rogers a lot.  He'd never smelled an omega whose scent gave him such a warm, familiar,
Okay.  This was fine.  He was fine.  He was panicking, yes, but he'd been through worse.  There were a dozen people in there, senators and ambassadors and dignitaries, who wanted Captain America.  And Tony wasn't going about to go to pieces in the White House foyer.
"You guys want food menus?" the bartender asked when she appeared with their drinks.
Pepper was captivated by Aria's confession; over the last few months she'd gotten to know Steve pretty well.  They'd been out shopping, to see movies and get frozen yogurt and swap Tony stories. She cared about Steve's well-being a lot, and also recognized that Steve's well-being was irrevocably linked to Tony's.  She was desperate to know what late-night phone calls Aria was getting, because from her perspective, Tony and Steve had been doing quite well.
"Er... what do they do?"
chance to prove you to you that I can do this. I'm sick of hiding from HYDRA. I think it's about time I turned the tables on them, don't you think?"
anyone else at the moment, just Steve, and he wanted to enjoy their time together in these early days of their bond.
Banksy clucked approvingly and reached over to touch Boswell's hand.  "Oh, young love. That's the sweetest thing."
"Okay," said Tony quietly, trying to think of something to ask.  "First of all... there's no one else, right?  You don't have any
But almost immediately he knew it wasn't.  This new man's smell was familiar to him.  Comforting.
, damn it.
Donner looked down, as if expecting to see a large, pregnant stomach.
Pepper was a beta and she couldn't smell the tension, but she didn't need to.  The air was electric with it; Tony and Justin were staring at each other with an intensity that was frankly frightening.  She stepped between them, trying to neutralize things, hyper-aware of the eager reporter hovering nearby.  "Okay, boys, there will be plenty of time to talk later. Hammer, you're on in fifteen, so if I could just grab--"
"One more thing."  Natasha lowered her voice a little.  "You already know that Clint is mostly deaf.  He's self-conscious about it. Make sure you speak loudly and face him so he can read your lips.  Since SHIELD seized all our equipment, he's pretty much re-learning. My signing is awful so it's been kind of difficult.  Anyway, just make sure you're speaking clearly.  Do you want frozen pizza or frozen turkey dinosaurs for lunch? We don't have much food in. Sorry."
...he could lie.  He could
"Captain Rogers asked me to inform you that he left a note for you, sir," JARVIS added a beat later. "Shall I let him know you've woken up?"
No other Alphas.  No competition. He'd "suffered alone," as he put it.
"Look," she said suddenly.
Steve realised he couldn't even envision Tony being tortured in his head (not that he wanted to, of course he didn't.) But when he mentioned stuff like being water-boarded...it was so passing, so fleeting that it almost skipped through Steve's mind. Tony was an overwhelmingly enthusiastic person, even if he wasn't often all that happy he was often
Falling slowly, peacefully.
"Don't
Phil swore under his breath. Steve didn't stop stroking Tony's hair.
"I'll give you any updates as soon as we have them," Phil said. "Maria will stay here in case anything happens. Maybe get Tony upstairs before the drugs kick in?"
having a bad time?" Mackenzie seemed amused by him. "Would you like your first heat getting invaded like this?"
"A pizza delivery boy made them," Steve filled in and Aria rolled her eyes.
"People?" suggested Tony, still browsing the paper.
"I don't
"Any time you need to call any of us... we're family," said Danielle.
.  You should be bonded for love, by your own choice.  Not because people are pressuring you to."
"Oh, we broke up," said Happy.  "It's okay. We weren't really compatible.  She wasn't really all that stable and I think she needed some time to figure herself out, you know?"
"...your star pupils, they speak Russian, don't they?  And Karpov and his boy? Have them pay a visit to the captain.  I'm sure the witch can handle him easily enough."
There was a long pause on the other line.  "Who, Gene?"
"...seriously?  It can't be that high.  ...it's powered by the reactor, though, can't--"
"Get dressed," Steve told the twins sharply.
In the old Captain America comics, they'd never shown Steve as either weak and vulnerable and emotionally open, nor as violent and aggressive.  Steve was simply a mascot. He won wars by leading men into enemy territory, punching a few guys, giving a patriotic speech, and then posing in front of a flapping American flag.  Tony felt a bit disillusioned.
"Every Saturday morning at St. Brendan's church."
Steve leaned his head back. He was admittedly pretty exhausted. It had been a trying day.
"No," repeated Tony.  The helmet was expressionless.  The voice inside it was, too. "You know what?  That kid was right. The last time I saw someone tortured for information, for secrets, it was me, in Afghanistan."
Steve stared at DeSoto wide-eyed and horrified. He was quiet for a long time after he finished the story and couldn't understand why DeSoto had such unwavering loyalty to an Alpha who had
"Don't worry about that.  My metabolism prevents me from getting drunk.  I get pretty obsessed with running sometimes but I don't see how that's a bad thing..." Steve sighed. "Look, do you actually-"
"Just don't bet anything that isn't money in poker," Steve said. "I know you're good. But apparently they start betting their omegas when shit gets heavy-- you don't want to
Joey grinned. "You guys want a lift back to your hotel?"
About ten minutes later Gleason appeared with a plate full of sandwiches, looking a little sheepish, but not awkward, as he walked over. The sandwiches were mostly cheese and pickle with some thin slices of meat in them. He set them down on a table a safe distance away from the ruined sofa.
It was clear the hotel was not what George would be "reimbursing" him for.
She laughed.  "No, thanks.  I never want to own one of those things.  They're a symbol of omega oppression."
"N-no, no, it's just-- just-- cute, and I don't--"
"Pretty little thing, aren't you? Tony always had good taste." Steve cleared his throat. Justin still wouldn't let go. He wanted to wrench his hand out with super strength but he also couldn't risk breaking Justin's wrist. "You're looking a little flushed, are you sure you're alright?" He was trying to unnerve him, maybe? Steve didn't know. Didn't care. He just needed to find Tony.
all day, even after five drinks.  "...hope to hell he meets us there.  I don't wanna steal the guy's thunder, talk about accessible suppressants and public safe spaces with Ellis all by myself."
Steve moved to stand in front of her as they were walking down the corridor. "
No, Tony was one of those people who worked late at night, from hotel rooms and from private jets and, in one memorable instance, in the bathroom of a Ritz Carlton.
Tony felt his jaw tighten at the sound of the other's name.  "It's not him.  It can't be, Steve.  He'd be ninety-three or ninety-four," said Tony.  "You're the only living super-soldier out there.  It can't be him."  Admittedly, he was trying to convince himself more than Steve.  "If it was him, he'd know you.  They just.... found a way to mess with your perception.  Maybe they were using some sort of weird drug, maybe they found a guy that looked like him and gave him plastic surgery, I don't know.  But that can't be him."
"Because he's amazing and brave and selfless and all that jazz?" said Tony.
dealt with him know that everything he's saying about you is slander."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Jameson, it's midterms and--"
He paused and he could see the consequential panic on Tony's face. "You could," he agreed. The time line matched up neatly. Steve was aware that it was actually quite a minor and a very simple operation. There was almost no risks. He just...
an omega!  That's
Clint took a small, running leap at one of the supporting struts, kicked off the wall, and grabbed the edge of the catwalk, pulling himself up onto the mezzanine.
"I didn't lie.  After Howard gave him the serum, the mark was gone," he said rapidly, not wanting to get slapped again.  His teeth were too sensitive from the recent surgeries Dr. Liebmann had performed.  "It was gone and we-- we never talked about it.  He kept callin' me-- kept callin' me Barnes instead of Bucky and I didn't think he wanted the other boys to know, 'cause he was the captain, and all he'd ever wanted was to join the army and be-- be treated like an Alpha, I told you, he was real head-strong, and I figured he didn't want me to call attention to him bein' a horseshoe, and he was so mad at me 'cause I'd never mated him, but I couldn't, see?  I
Kerry scribbled the names onto a sticky note.  "Steve mentioned. We're trying but it's hard. A lot of omegas change names after bonding and then, if they get sent to the camps, get changed again... makes tracking them down hard.  But we'll see what we can do."
With some difficulty, they made it into the door and into the corridor. Tony initially tried to resist Steve's help, but Steve was having none of it; every time Tony tried to push off him, Steve grabbed his arm.  It probably looked ridiculous.
"...weapons system deactivated," JARVIS replied.
Tony. And you did just spent like the past ten minutes telling me how hot you think I am like.  What guy doesn't wanna hear that, come on."
"Fine!" snapped Rhodey back.  He smoothed down his uniform.  He marched over to the door of the shop, wrenched it open, and stomped upstairs.  Pepper and Steve were consulting each other.
He knew they weren't allowed in the army without suppressants, which made sense to him; this was one reason he'd never put two and two together that Steve Rogers, omega assistant, was Captain America.  In modern times, there had been plenty of stories of omegas hopping themselves up on suppressants and joining anyway as honorary betas, but in Steve's time, suppressants weren't available yet.  According to the Captain America legend, Steve Rogers had been a patriot who had tried to sign up five or six times, but was too sick.  Now, Tony realized, that wasn't it.  He hadn't been allowed to sign up because he was an omega.
Tony was only half-joking.  The disaster at the Expo was starting to hit home.  His phone and e-mail were both exploding with calls from the DOD and the CIA and the FBI and Tony had spent almost as much time delegating the investigations to lawyers and aides as he had taking the calls themselves.  He had to admit, joining SHIELD was looking better and better by the minute; he desperately needed the protection that came with a government contract.  Pepper had already contacted him five times and in one of those she sounded ready to reach through the phone and strangle him.  She had never liked the Expo.  Now that it had blown up in their faces (literally), she was bouncing back and forth between "I told you sos" and "I'm serious, Tony, you might go to jail."  Tony was loathe to lean on Steve but, that being said, it looked really, really good for him to be bonded to Captain America at the moment.
him.  Steve's chest was warm and broad and comfortable.
Across the pen, an Alpha whistled, and an omega hurried over.  She listened to him, nodded, and then trudged over to the group.  "Excuse me. My Alpha wants to see you. Can you lift your shirt?" she asked Seven.
"Because you were a drunken, coked-up mess."
"You're welcome to join us."
MSNBC:
Rhodey left only after Tony had dragged him down to the shop and began weighing him down with devices.  Rhodey let him pin microphones onto his clothes and agreed to wear contacts that clearly had circuits in them, but balked when Tony heaved up a huge needle.
, just in case that made it more true. Steve looked down at the metal bulk of a man and then up at Tony who'd fallen with him on his back. The man somehow looked more alive now he knew his name.  "We have to get out of here," he said, curling in on himself. "There has to be a way out. I don't like this. This place isn't for us. Not for us. No. Not yet. Almost, but not yet."
Steve had lingered too long.  The girl was pointing at him and pulling at her 'mother's' arm.  Tired of being ignored, she tottered over to Steve.
"...don't spoil the class for me, man," said Tony, rolling his eyes.  Eric didn't notice, but Piper did; for a split second, her eyes lit up with the mischievous amusement of a normal teenage girl.  Then it was gone.
"I fired him," said Tony.
DeSoto took one step back, but only one.  "...I can't go back to my Alpha. If I showed up tonight he would think I wasn't holding up his end of the bargain.  He'd get mad at me," said DeSoto. Under his breath, he added sulkily, "According to him you were very interested in having me last night..."
But the one that got the most media attention was the joke one.  They sat Steve on a bench and had him reading a tabloid with the headline
"I'm not going anywhere, Tony," Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to Tony's jaw line. "And neither are you," he added pointedly. "We didn't even see them coming yesterday and we still won." His bandaged hand was less mobile than the other but he still reached up his hand to gently glide his fingers through Tony's hair. "Our bond isn't going to be a weakness," he whispered and moved his fingertips to trail down Tony's jaw like he was mapping out his face for drawing. Like he was only just seeing it for the first time. "It's going to make us stronger."
Tony sighed loudly with disappointment, but he followed, grabbing Steve a towel and watching him wrap it around his waist, studying the broadness of his shoulders and the outline of his pecs, his abs.  He was almost disappointed when Steve began dressing.  Almost.  But seeing Steve's clothes mixed into his closet was thrilling by itself.
Steve was starting to lose feeling in a few of his fingers. The others got into the Honda, starting the engine. He didn't get into the McLaren. "Tony?" He murmured. He turned to face him. He moved to cup his face, making his Alpha meet his gaze. He brushed his thumb over his cheek. "You know it isn't real, right? None of it is."
There was a small table-- an island counter-- a lot of them were crowded around or perched on. Cautiously, Steve moved to take a seat, the staff watching his every move. "I was wondering, how much do they pay you?"
"We were ten," said the omega.
The hair on the back of his neck stood up at the brush of Tony's fingers and he swallowed. "It's still- it's still sensitive there," he said quickly. Steve didn't want Tony touching it. It wasn't that it hurt, really. He just felt
"...I don't think we want to go try on collars," said Tony quickly, shooting a look over at Steve.
"It has the base best equipped to handle him.  A very nice little cell with adimantimun bars and a thick blanket on the floor for him to sleep on.  No doubt Stark's been pampering him."
"I let Clint know when and where we're landing," Steve told Trickshot as they settled down for take off. "So he should meet us there."
"Are you saying I don't impress you anyway?" Steve asked and had the audacity to pretend to be offended, puppy eyes and all. But he couldn't hold it up for long, his face soon breaking out into a mischievous smile. His tongue darted out to wet his bottom lip briefly, almost...deliberately. And then he moved his fingers down and hooked his forefinger into the waist band of Tony's sweatpants where, underneath, a bulge was gradually forming. "I don't need to lie to impress you, Tony... I just need to be myself," Steve murmured, a smirk tugging at the edges of his lips before he ducked his head down and mouthed at the bulge in Tony's pants. He teased him for a few moments before he lifted his head up and pulled Tony's pants down, letting his erection spring free. Steve leaned forward, tongue darting out to catch the precum beading at the head. He would never get used to that heady taste and the way his body just reacted to it on instinct. It was biology and a combination of his own arousal but Steve was getting wet already.
"Aw, good for him," said Mackenzie, pulling a breakfast sandwich out of the bag and beginning to unwrap it.
Steve frowned a little. What did that mean? That they didn't know?
"Yes," said Bucky, who was feeling cold and ill.
"Don't come into our bedroom," Steve told him simply and stood up, heading to bed. He'd tried to be nice to DeSoto. He thought he could teach him a few things, maybe they'd spar, get to know each other. But the guy kind of spoke to him like the /Alphas did...dismissively, as if Steve didn't know what was really good for him. And his
"On it, Cap'n," Lawrence assured him with a small nod before heading down the same steps they only just come up from.
"There's twenty-six bases, right? How many are within a reasonable driving distance of Moscow?  We get the flight data. We know there were at least four people involved, right?" He tapped the monitor. "There was the Winter Soldier, who isn't exactly inconspicuous, what with the freaky Inspector Gadget arm, plus three others, plus Steve.  But they couldn't have just put Steve on a commercial flight... unless they found some way to drug him and throw him into the cargo hold... anyways, what I'm getting at is, any outgoing flights would have data, like how many passengers and what kind of cargo.  We can rule out any planes with less than three passengers and probably all of the big commercial liners, but we'll check the baggage logs, see what's Steve-sized and where it's going, plus ID any private liners... we can at least start eliminating some of these bases.  Probably not all. But we can at least narrow it down. If there's a base in Italy and no Moscow flights heading to Italy with Steve-sized cargo, then we cross it off the list."
"I take my coffee black!" the girl yelled after them; Karpov waved to indicate he'd heard her.  She looked back to the soldier. "Are they going to feed you, too?"
Steve was teetering on the edge the whole time. His whole body trembled with a euphoric sensation that almost made it feel like his body was not his own. There was brief moment when he wasn't aware of himself, wasn't aware of anything but the feeling of Tony touching him. The hands behind his ears and the cock pressing against his hip.
how bonding works? I'd be able to feel if you didn't actually want me."
you?"
He could have kissed the waitress when she came up to them.
of me he was.  Great.  Good talk, Eyeball, thanks."   He paused to catch his breath.
With Steve driving they were moving much more efficiently. Steve had no real direction in mind. They needed to find a car park, steal a different car, and then get out of the city. He didn't know where they would go after that. It didn't matter. What mattered was keeping Bucky safe. Steve wasn't even sure whose side Natasha was on right now.
"Oh... no, no thank you, babies don't really like me.  My smell--"
"...Lila's two, she's going through sort of a weird phase.  Not sure what her status is yet, either. Anyway... I know you have this thing about trios... so I wanted to show you.  That they don't have to be bad. That omegas don't have to end up at the bottom of the totem pole."
"Soldier, why are you here?" asked the man in the uniform, to Bucky.
He extricated his arm from Steve, Steve's tiny noise of protest tugging at his heart strings, and swung out of bed with another yawn.  He walked into the closet and pulled on a pair of jeans and a wifebeater, not bothering with underwear or socks.
Bucky's face broke into a grin, and he tossed the yogurt into the trash.
"Hi, Team Foxtrot?  This is Tony, uh, Tony Stark, and Steve's... Steve's carrying a kid upstairs to you, from the medical wing," said Tony awkwardly into the walkie-talkie Judy had given him.
Tiberius ghosted out of the room, and Tony rolled over to reach for some water and a cereal bar.  Steve was shivering next to him, asleep. Tony wolfed down the food and then snuggled up against his mate, stroking his head.  He felt back asleep within moments, his body exhausted beyond all reason, and when he woke up later, he didn't remember the brief exchange with Tiberius at all.
"Good evening?" He asked as he opened the car door for them.
Steve remembered Gideon licking his fingers and shuddered. "Then- then he started saying that he could have Bucky killed if he wanted to. That I should be good for him. Should show my gratitude. Called me a spade."
And then Steve was crying silently; tears fell and slipped over the curves of his cheeks without inhibition. Steve sniffed and reached up to dry his cheeks with his sleeves. "Tony. It's okay. It's okay."  He could see the other watching him with wide, worried eyes. Steve offered him the saddest of smiles. "I
"My dad never
"Okay.  Welp. Time to get dressed," said Tony.  He gave Steve's ass a friendly slap. His ejaculate was dripping down Steve's inner thigh.  Tony felt a pang of pride in that.
"It's not a bad thing," hummed Steve. "Just... hard for me to relate to, I guess," he said, tone still totally criticizing.  But Tony seemed lost in thought, so Steve let himself sink down to the bottom of the pool and swim. Despite having drowned once, Steve did love swimming.  He enjoyed the feeling of weightlessness; it was a form of movement in which he wasn't constantly aware of how
"Don't call her Eyeballs," snapped Lola.  "She has a name, and it's number Twelve."
Even if he wasn't paired to anyone else, though, Steve didn't want Tony.  Tony kept reminding himself of that and ignoring the pain it caused him.  It was just fine that Steve rejected him, Tony lied to himself, because Tony didn't want an omega.  Hadn't he always said that?  Just because Steve's smell was mouthwatering to him, his every movement a work of art, his voice like music... That didn't mean Tony really wanted him, right?
Tony's grip on Steve's hand tightened a little.  "First of all, there's nothing to discuss.  I was dying and now I'm not. No problem, okay?  Don't worry, Pepper.  You
David sobered up immediately.  "...I see. Yes, they're an erotic zone; if pressure is applied the right way, it causes them to express and it basically makes the omega's body think it's in pre-heat for a few seconds.  It's actually rather tricky to do, though. You can't see or feel the glands from the outside, so unless you know exactly how to force them to express, you're going in blind. ...this woman wouldn't happen to be Margaret Frond, would she?"
Pepper rolled her eyes.  "Of course you do.  Call me tomorrow so we can start dealing with this.  Oh!  Your publicist wants to know if you're doing the Geneva Motor Show this year, it's in March.  I think they want you to give some sort of speech, I don't think it's a good idea to call any more attention to the Monaco disaster, but--"
Tony mimed being startled.  "Oh, geez, you know what? I completely forgot to mention it."  He looked tickled by the idea of shocking people. Tony loved that.  "Shall we?" He offered Steve his arm.
He had a few sparring sessions with Nat, just to make sure he didn't lose his touch. She didn't mention the simulation and Steve was grateful for it. It was clear that, the more they paid attention to it, the worse it was going to get.
"Hey, Eric... if I were to, say... want another omega... maybe one that's more, you know,
He supposed it was a good thing, then, that they were going to see Ellis.  Maybe they could tackle some of those issues together.  Tony was pretty sure Pepper had some sort of formula for White House dinners.  30% business, 70% socializing?  Something like that.  He'd never paid it any attention; again, the open bars were
"You're a dead ringer for Barnes.  Are you related? He had a sister. Is he your uncle or great-uncle, maybe?"
"I smell an omega."
"HA!" barked Jameson, throwing an arm around Tony and dragging him away.
omega."
"And it's okay. Really, I don't have anything else to be doing," he assured Rhodey.
"It's none of your business.  Captain, we know what we're doing.  Mind your place."
Tony snatched it from him and ripped open the door.
"So, what, you want me to talk to him?  Why do you think
"Yeah, isn't it great?" asked Tony, beaming at it as if he wasn't currently surrounded by a hundred other plants.
Steve hummed contently, only paying attention again when JARVIS mentioned his name. He should probably tell the AI to stop calling him 'Captain' but a small part of him liked the title still...and from an AI it didn't really
"Whiskey," said Tony shortly, still pacing, eyes scanning.
a guy with a ton of heart, that status aside, Steve was loyal and clever and brave.
He waved to Steve when he saw him; Steve was being dragged to the cantina by Judy, being orbited by a contingency of admiring fans.
Tony leaned his head on Steve's chest to listen to his heartbeat.  This was a more natural position for them.
Tony Stark," offered Tony.
He was morbidly curious about how they'd bonded without mating; had Bucky pinned him down, bit him, and then just walked away to beat off?  What kind of sick fuck could do that?  After biting Steve, Tony had felt like he couldn't help but mate him, too.  The amount of self-denial and willpower required
Steve looked up, his breath hitching a little. His eyes were still rimmed red. This was, he thought strangely, probably the most 'dominant' he'd ever seen Tony. He was standing over him and angry looking (and shirtless) and telling Steve to 'fucking count them'.  A weird part of him felt a need to press his forehead to the floor by Tony's feet but he didn't even know if that was a thing omegas did or not.
"Ohhhh," said Tony.  "I thought she was a stagehand.  ...can you find me a stagehand and get me a drink?"
"...eleven minutes," said JARVIS.
?" said Tony.  "Did you say you doubled the cycle?"
DeSoto paused for a long time, then muttered, "Jeremy.  But please don't call me that. They get mad if we use our old names."
"It's not about needing something," Steve mumbled with a smile. He let his eyes slip shut, savouring Tony's touch. "But no, it's not another orchid. Although that would have been funny.  I wish I'd thought of that," he hummed and ran a hand down Tony's bicep absentmindedly. "Would have been hard to wrap anyway, I guess..."
that.  And I would definitely rather face the horses... you can run away from them 'em. Ducks can fly. They would follow you." Steve let out a soft huff when he felt Tony twitch inside of him.
"Oh, no, I'm definitely coming.  You're not getting rid of me that easily, Rogers."
"I know you can."  Pietro crouched in front of her and cupped her face in his hands.  "We're so close, Wanda. I just need one more push. Even if you can just get him to take the helmet off, that would be enough.  Trust me, okay? You can do it. You trust your big brother, don't you?"
There were three boxes.  Tony hadn't ever gone through them.  It had been too hard, after his parents' death.  For all he knew, the boxes were filled with nothing but sand.
Steve groaned when he heard his mobile ringing. Tony was asleep on top of him and soft inside of him. Gently, Steve rolled them over and then pulled off Tony, pressing a kiss to his cheek and wincing himself at how sensitive he felt.
"...you're not my type," said Tony, out loud.  "I'm... the thing is, I'm not really into men."
"The arvicolina is the bonding gland at the back of your neck," explained Tiberius succinctly.
"They'll be fine.  It's either Stark or Rogers that they want," said Hill coldly.  "Does he have a panic room or something? Fury's already aware of the situation; we need to get somewhere safe."
Maybe Natasha and Sam understood that, because they didn't push him.
"What the hell is happening?" Happy asked, pulling out his firearm and shoving Pepper behind him.  Steve had all-but forgotten that Happy was usually armed.  Not that a handgun was going to do a bit of good against a mech suit with military-grade weapons all over it.
Now he was doubting, though, whether he wanted to know more.  The idea of Steve being taken advantage of, of anyone trying to hurt him, made Tony equal parts furious and devastated.  Steve was so impossibly special to Tony for reasons he couldn't comprehend, and thinking of Steve in any sort of danger was almost unbearable.  He'd only ever known Steve as a smug, confident, uppity, modern omega.  He just couldn't imagine Steve ever being compromised by his status.
"You only have so much blood in your body, captain."
Steve decided on black jeans and a white shirt for underneath. He was kind of sick of wearing dress pants all the time and besides...he was aware that he looked
Steve smiled a sly kind of smile. "I like being confrontational."
"Avoiding the question.  That's a yes, huh?"
...it wasn't dissimilar to seeing a stripper dressed as a sexy cop or something.
God damn it all, she was right.
Tony felt fear like he'd never felt before coil in his gut.  Suddenly, he was back in Afghanistan, waking up to discover a bandage around his chest, wires trailing away from it, that he'd woken up to some sort of horror movie, that he was in hell-
"It's the g-ground, not the floor."
"Status Alliance would probably have tarred and feathered you if Steve showed up in a collar," pointed out Happy.  "They're not like the Horseshoe Society... they're kinda radical."
"I know him," he said, looking up, pointing to the glossy picture with his finger.  The doctor didn't hear him, he was arguing about money.
Donner's face blanched a little.  "I... I need to go take a nap now."
So Steve forced a smile back.
Pepper accosted Tony where he was leaning over a table of food, darkly contemplating a plate of cantaloupe and honeydew.
Steve practically sighed in relief as Tony's arm curled around him. His eyes fluttered open as he reached out, curling into Tony's touch with his hands bracing over his chest. "Better now you're here," he whispered, tilting his head under the crook of his shoulder. He breathed in his scent and savored his warmth. Steve didn't know what to say, how to explain how he was feeling.  He just hoped Tony could feel it too.
His goatee twitched as he tried to suppress a smile.  "I get up for two things and two things only, Steve.  Coffee and blowjobs."  He closed his eye.  "Feel free to summon me with either one."  He reached up, carding Steve's hair through his fingers, then gave his head a small, suggestive shove.
thought Tony.
- Tony
Iron Man was bright red.  He wasn't sure if he was going to be able to handle that.  Time was of the essence; if any of the unbonded omegas downstairs walked out, then no one would give Tony the time of day.
Tony's words felt foreign and distant in his mouth, like someone else was talking.  He was sinking into a bad place.  The only reason he hadn't let go was to be there for Steve, but now, on the safety of his private jet, with the engines humming comfortingly under him, the panic was swelling up and he was pretty sure he was in for a nasty panic attack.
