They stop again sometime after the sun goes down for food. Sam isn’t exactly sure where they are but he climbs out, stretches a little and Dean calls after him.
He's sleepy and heavy limbed and his knees don't seem to wanna quit shaking. "You fucked me stupid, Cas... I-I can't stand up."
It’s quiet for a while, then the rotgut really starts to hit Dean’s system and he starts talking. Little of it makes much sense, just babbling because he’s drunk and his tongue’s loose. With Sam just in his peripheral, maybe he feels alone.
They're sitting on a boat. The sun is shining, Dean's skin is slightly burned and freckled. Cas is tanned all over, BRONZED- and who the hell knew the little guy was packin' THAT under his baggy shirts and silk ties?
All of them, every face that had looked up at him in gratitude, every child or daughter or son or mother and father he'd saved was dead.
Dean lays there for a long time, just staring at the ceiling, listening to the quiet. Cars moving on the street, the rain, Cas moving to and from the bathroom. The soft squeak of the bed, books shifting, pages turning.
He didn’t feel the frame drop from his fingers, didn’t hear the glass break, just turned and moved. Nothing else mattered, nothing else existed. Not even the thought of being kissed and groped by a strange man worried him in that moment. He felt four years old again. Felt angry and shocked and a little scared beyond his wits. He tripped going down the stairs, grabbed the banister and slid onetwothree on his behind before he forced himself up again, breath sawing in and out of his throat, heart beating like a bass drum.
He’ll probably wind up with scars, but it works. Calms him… Isn’t helpful in the slightest but until the aftermath of the djinn fades, or until Dean is satisfied he’s just dreaming, it’ll have to do.
"Cas... Cas-J-just-" His tongue swiped over his lips, tasted salt and he reaches up, pulls him down again until their just breathing one another's air and Cas's expression is strained.
It's not a far walk to the elevator, then the parking garage. They slide into the front seat of the Impala and Dean fetches his own bag of food without comment. A car or two passes but other than that it's quiet. Dean turns on the radio, low, barely a hum just because hearing people chew is weird and Cas grins around a mouthful; "I like this song."
The opposite page is another set, Dean's head is halfway under a pillow and the blankets are pulled back-There's a hickey on his chest and he's pretty sure if the blankets are pulled back any more he's going to be looking at a naked picture of himself but he's smiling in it. There's a big goofy stupid smile on his face and he feels himself returning it, weird tumbling sensations settling low in his chest. He moves on, to find another image of himself, this time he's standing in the hotel bathroom brushing his teeth. He's wearing jeans but no shirt and there is steam on part of the mirror. His hair is flat, longer than he's used to keeping it, just enough that it's sticking out around his ears and the crown of his head. Cas's reflection is there as well. He's in the NY t-shirt still and his underwear. His hair is standing up all over like he's shoved a finger in the light socket. Below it Dean's closer to the camera, staring down at the lens in a domineering fashion, dimples on his cheeks as he tries not to smile. Then one of Cas wearing ridiculous looking Elton John sunglasses, Dean's back is in the background, he's pulling on a t-shirt over his thermals.
Dean chuckled stupidly and turned his head to Sam, motioning upward; “Hey, Sammy… I can see Uranus.”
They're good pictures, Dean nuzzles his cheek and reaches for the album, finds it and they spend a while just looking, quiet, warm, slotting the new pictures into it as they come out of Cas's printer. There aren't many more in there that Dean hadn't already seen. Cas says they don't really DO much together aside from the trip to New York or to Mexico and that had only been because his sister had paid for them to come along.
It's funny really, but he can't find the strength to laugh, wipes a hand over his face and lets the salt dry on his palm.
“Are you alright?” Her eyes scrunched at the corners in concern and her fingers clamped onto his arm a little more tightly.
Dean tongued the backs of his teeth. How could he break up with a guy he had absolutely no memory of ever asking out?
“The pecan… It’s not your favorite, but you always get a piece to go,” His brows pull together as he flips through his wallet; “Do you have a five for the tip? I’ve only got my card.” He slid out of the booth and went to the register without another word.
Her eyes rolled and a flush filled her cheeks, Dean remembered her giving Dad that look a few times when he came home smelling a little too much of scotch and got flirty— she laughed, tired and indulgent. “What?”
He can't... Really, he can't. His mouth opens and wan little gulps of sound come out but anything louder chokes him. Instead he reaches up, forms his hand to the back of Cas's head and draws him down. Folds himself up so they can kiss. Please... please, don't make me. I can't-
Cas doesn't say anything aloud. There isn't anything to say that hasn't already been breathed into their skin. He pulls back and looks deep, wraps his strong thin arms around Dean's shoulders and neck and paints the words with the motion of his lips against his ear. Dean feels himself echoing them and they taste like summer and cool breezes through open windows.
The air rips into his lungs and out again but he can't make a sound, tenses and shudders, says 'fuckfuckfuck' with his lips but not his voice, all that really comes out is incoherent, stuttering, something almost pained and he curls inward while Cas pumps through it-groans softly in relief and gathers Dean close in those last few seconds before he finishes.
Dean stared at him, mouth open in a wince, eyes wide, hand on his bicep. “Jesus Christ! What the f—“
She smiled and pressed his cheeks between his hands, just like she’d done when he was little, laughing playfully that he was her little cabbage patch boy and dropped a kiss to his forehead. His eyes practically crossed as she closed in and his heart chugged in his chest. He watched her go, the shuffle of her slippers on the floor, the tired smile on her face; “Get some rest… I love you.”
Dean took another slow drink, staring at him, no light in his eyes now, all shining glass and alcohol and barely hidden heartache; “Yeah… I am—That a problem?”
Dean snorted and met the older man’s eyes evenly, amused; “Everybody keeps askin’ me that. But… No.”
It wasn't like the pictures, images of events conjured into being but never experienced. This was real, very real...
They smell it before they even find the first bodies. Dean motions his brother forward but Sam stays back, shakes his head and wrinkles his nose. Dean glares at him, asks if he'd rather wait here alone and Sam shakes his head, tiptoes forward.
The porch light flickered on—Dean stared at it, thought of the ocean and lightning and hot flames, the buzz of electricity and naked bulbs with water dripping on them, wafts of steam as the heat slowly boiled the moisture away— felt his heart race in something akin to panic. The sweet taste in his throat turned slightly bitter and he felt the sudden need to vomit, to choke it out because something wasn’t right.
Did he? Did he want to try whatever this was he’d been given, or push it away and go after what he was used to? Go after the fast aggressive women in the seedy bars, one night stands in hotels with questionable stains on the ceilings and carpets, waitresses with the questionable rashes. The instant gratification of anonymous sex as opposed to something steady… This guy with his nameless blue eyes and lost expression, the one he’d woken up beside just last night with his face smashed into a pillow and his cold toes pressed into the backs of Dean’s knees. This guy who unspoken wishes said was ‘The One’.
Cas turns his head and mouths at the inside of his knee and Dean jerks from ticklishness, rocks where he's pinnedimpaled and his voice tries to make noises but he chomps down on them.
"It's true, Sam. There are things out there in the dark, there are bad things-there are nightmare things... And people have to be saved and if we don't save them then nobody will."
“What are you doin’ here?” She reached out with her hand—Her HAND and Dean felt himself flinch back instinctually, adrenaline shooting into his veins telling him to defend himself, that this had to be a trick, a dream, while at the same time he was sure his knees were going to give out and he’d collapse—fucking swoon like a starlet.
Dean lets him look, cocks up an eyebrow and waits for it. He has a suspicion Sam expects it to be drugs, or alcohol from the expression on his face and he turns back to the road with a sigh; "You don't wanna do that."
There were a few magazines nearby, one or two with cars on the front, a copy of Modern Architecture, a cooking magazine with some sassy looking Latina on the front and a stack of letters. He ignored them for the time being, ground his teeth and punched in the last digits of Sam’s phone number as he snatched up his keys and held them tightly in his fist.
Sam finds him an hour later hunched down in the front seat of the Impala with his knees drawn to his chest and salt tracks on his cheeks, fast asleep or passed out or whatever you wanna call it.
He stood outside the door, just breathing and shivering for a five count, hand lifted to knock but in the same moment afraid to do so, the image burned into the backs of his eyes.
Sam pulls his collar up over his nose, makes a few muffled gagging noises and swallows it down. He's scared, actually really scared and it's written plainly on his face.
She looked exactly like the last time he'd seen her all those years ago and something inside him thought maybe it would have been better if he had just stabbed himself and bled out on the floor because then it would have been real... then everything would have been real and he could die knowing he'd at least gotten to say he loved her one last time.
He withdrew with a gasp, pupils dilated and cheeks flushed. "Dean..." His fingers touched, feather light, the center of his brow, over his eyelids, followed them with his lips; "Dean... Dean."
There is blood in his mouth, a great unrelenting pressure in his middle. Cas is crouched over him, holding his head up and someone is pressing down MASHING into his stomach. “Dean?” His lips aren’t moving.
Something was here, be it the Djinn or some other spirit or perhaps the shadow of old magic, something was here.
Cas's face lights up and there... that's it. THAT is a smile. Just a hint of teeth. It's the same expression from the beach picture. Not the fake one he had pinned to the wall of his cubicle, the real one.
There's a photo album on the bed when Dean passes by the bedroom on the way to the toilet. It's open but seems to only be halfway full of pictures.
"Whatever stupid thing you're about to do, you're not doing it alone and that's that," There's an imperious harshness to his voice Dean's never heard before. He doesn't like it directed at him, but wishes Sam talked like that more often. Confident and in control... Chicks digged that.
He doesn't reply, just makes his way out of the office and into the corridor where he first encountered the djinn.
He scoffs, like it’s so hard to believe, like it’s something that doesn’t mean anything and his jaws clenched, eyes squeezing closed.
He saw wild dark hair and the person grumbled in a low rough voice, rolled halfway onto their back and Dean was on his feet because that—THAT was a guy.
Water hits his forehead, rolls down and drips off his chin. His throat is dry, maybe if he can catch a drop on his tongue he can wash away that TASTE-
Would Dean's imagination be this vivid? Would he conjure up sweat on his imaginary brother's forehead in a moment like this? Would he make there be dirt under Sam's nails and a healing paper cut on his middle finger? Was Dean's imagination sharp enough that Sam would be whimpering on each exhale and his eyes twitching, trying to find an opening where he might be able to snatch the knife away?
He has his cart almost full when it starts. Reaching for a jar of pickles on the shelf something drips onto his hand. He thinks its pickle juice at first, draws his hand back and looks at it, runs his fingers across the shelf and a drip lands on his cheek, splashes toward his eye and he flinches back, wipes it away. He looks up now, expecting some kind of leak in the roof but there's nothing to see. He shakes his head and as a woman with a three-year-old in her cart walks past he warns her about the leak. She says thank you and Dean heads toward the produce section. The drip catches him again as he's heading to the checkouts, pleasantly amused with himself and the fact Castiel is going to be pleased with exactly how far below budget he's stayed.
"I wish I could, but I really have to get those accounts settled before the end of the day..."His voice trailed off and he just watched Dean's fingers on his sleeve, let them find his wrist and curl against his skin.
That narrows it down a lot. He'll have to go back to the college and talk to the sorority houses, maybe Sam-
He's halfway to his mother's house when he remembers that Sam doesn't know what Hunting is. Sam doesn't want him around, doesn't get along with him and he'll need time to fix that before he can trust his brother with this. He drives, winds up in the cemetery, walks along until he finds where he had once remembered his mother's grave being... Now there's his dad's name on the stone.
It's the same warehouse. It's even raining a little. Nothing looks touched. Nothing looks to have moved, he half expects to see that mangy cat dart across in front of him again.
The DJ came on, mentioned something about her daughter’s graduation next week and All Request Late Night.
The djinn. He had to tell Sam about the djinn. He sat up quickly, scrubbed a hand over his eyes and quickly dialed his brother’s number.
Castiel’s other hand was on his other arm now as well, pinching and worrying at the fabric near his elbow, expression contemplative; “What’s going on? You—Something’s not right… Did you hit your head? Are—are you sick? What were you talking about back there? What’s going on?”
Sam didn’t think it was exactly possible for Dean to be so drunk he was staggering, but somehow he managed it. Downed a whole fifth and some of that rotgut they keep in plastic bottles in the trunk to disinfect wounds.
Dean looked at him, crouched there, half in the floor, half sprawled over his legs and swallowed the dryness in his throat; "You-You've got... on your tie."
“Dean?” Sam called to him a few minutes of silence later. “Dude, switch me bottles, I don’t need you being bitchy with a hangover tomorrow.”
There was pressure below, a slow, kneading friction and Dean only belatedly realized there was a hand working at his belt, sliding in through the retracted zipper of his jeans. He tensed and Cas lifted his head away from his throat, blue eyes wide and intent and almost feral with want. "This OK?"
His eyes traveled up Castiel’s arm to his face. How he tipped the pill bottle up over his mouth and swallowed all three pills dry, even the broken ones that tasted bad, then turned and pitched the little bottle overhand into the garbage can across the street.
The constant musical drip of water was everywhere, from all sides, dissonant, no rhythm or reason. Dean swallowed the tightness in his throat and breathed through the adrenaline, pushed it down, eased his foot forward slowly, rolling his steps to silence them and cocked the fist holding his knife out, ready to swing, eyes flicking back and forth, ears strained.
He touched, put his fingers into the notches of Castiel's spine, allowed star maps to be traced into his skin. Shifted and shivered because nakedness had never felt this vulnerable, watched the play of shadow on pale skin, fingers wrapping around him, slick and sweet and just a little rough with a pulltwist, his hips followed the motion, tensed and rocked and he couldn't look away.
The girl is standing by the exit, her skin's mottled gray and purple in places, her blouse and skirt are torn and dirty and splattered. Her eyes are wide and staring into-THROUGH-him and his heart thuds hard in his chest. He tastes something rotten in the back of his throat, cloying and thick, physically gags and goes to his knees.
He pushes himself up and tiptoes carefully back into the bedroom, picks up Cas's laptop off the desk and hobbles out again. It's his personal laptop so the chances of Dean breaking the password are... oh. The welcome screen has his name on it too. Okay... The password turns out to be the Impala's VIN number, he gets it on the second try, first choice his favorite brand of beer. The Internet Browser is easy to find.
There is a drip on his hand and Dean looks at it, startled, expects to look up and see that girl standing there staring at him, but then he tastes salt and the burn in the back of his throat chokes out his breath, chokes out the panic and anger and warmth in his chest and leaves the cold. Leaves him standing in a grave yard in the rain staring at his father's headstone and a little plastic flag that waves at him mockingly.
Cas took a deep breath and stepped forward again hand cupping against Dean’s elbow; “Your mother called me back last night, told me you stayed over… That you were acting strangely. She asked me if you’d suffered a head injury. What’s wrong?”
Carmen and Benny chuckled at that, and Amara placed her hand on his knee. She earnestly said, “Of course you are.”
“Oh, you,” she said, twirling her hair and biting her lip in a cartoonish display of flirtation. He entered, head down, arms limp, as if walking to his execution. “That was a total Michael Myers moment.”
That night, as he waited on hold to talk to his credit card company about extending his limit, Dean asked Carmen, “Why can’t you ask Amara for the money?” for maybe the third time.
Cas pulled him in close again and they started to kiss a little desperately and rub their hardening cocks together. Dean wished they had some lube and condoms because he wanted to get inside Cas or Cas to get inside him. But the friction they had going was good too and Cas lasted a lot longer this time. The rolling and rolling of their hips felt like being tossed in ocean waves to Dean. Cas came, and it didn’t take long for Dean to follow. He cleaned up their bellies as best he could with a pillowcase and tossed it into the darkness. They kissed some more, now wet and slow.
Dean flicked some ash out the window and glanced over at her. “An ashram? What the fuck is an ashram?”
As he washed off all the dried sweat and grime of a night rolling around in the dirt, he thought of all the things he should do, but it wasn’t stressful in the way that making a long list of chores would be. Everything in his brain was starting to slot into place like that Tetris game Sam taught him how to play on the library computers when they were kids.
“Carmen, goddammit, stop abusing her!” he exploded after one too many taps on the brake as they were moving.
“Well, tell her to come in here,” Dean said, knowing he’d have to talk Carmen down, but not caring because he himself was feeling good and fuzzy and he didn’t want his wife feeling bad.
“One time I was going to give a guy a handy, but his friend showed up. They fuckin’ raped me,” Dean said in one long exhale. There, he’d said it. It was so real now, but saying it didn’t kill him.
When they’d settled down and lay on their backs, sleepy and sated, Cas said, “Dean, there’s something I’d like you to try tomorrow, something that helped me to come to terms with my trauma.”
Carmen spoke on the phone to Crowley. “Dean’ll be late today.” She listened for a moment then said, “Yeah, he might have some kind of bug.”
Cas’s earnestness made Dean smile, and he could certainly relate to his nomadic childhood. “So you didn’t graduate high school? Not going to college?”
“It’s five hundred and eighty-seven dollars to get my car out of impound.” He was glad he couldn’t see her face.
“Knock knock,” Amara announced as they let themselves in and walked toward the kitchen. As usual, she was wearing a tight mini-skirt, this time with a zebra print, and on top she wore a fitted red leather jacket.
“This is all my fault, and I want you to have everything you need,” he insisted, reaching out a placating hand but not touching. “I want you to be ok.”
One night after Cas did some amazing shit with his tongue, and they lay in each other’s arms, Dean asked Cas how he was so sexually knowledgeable at twenty, and Cas hesitated before matter-of-factly saying, “On the ashram, our sexual education began at seventeen, since that’s the legal age of consent in Texas, and Chuck likes orgies.”
Cas stepped out of the kitchen toward him, lifting a hand as if to touch, but then dropping it. “How are you?” he asked. He hesitated before saying, “Your trip seemed fairly...intense.”
“Whatever you want to do,” Dean said. “I’ll sign over the house all to you and you can sell it. I’ll give you whatever you want.”
That did sound nice to Dean. He could easily build one of those kit homes by himself. When Dean was a teenager, they once lived in an apartment complex next to a pallet recycling company that would leave the wooden pallets that were rotting or beyond repair stacked out back, ready to be mulched. Nobody seemed to notice or care that Dean took some of the ones in better condition and dragged them down into the ditch behind the apartment complex parking lot. Using his dad’s tools, he dismantled the pallets and built a sturdy fort with the wood scraps and recycled nails down there in the weeds that summer. He and Sammy would hang out in it a lot, especially when dad was on a bender, sharing snacks and comic books Dean had stolen from the corner store down the block where the owner was too old to notice a fourteen-year old stuffing merchandise in his pants. When their dad told them to pack up since they were moving on, Dean had run out and taken a hammer to the fort in a rage, smashing the shit out of it.
Dean didn't understand what Benny was asking. He knew the car had been impounded. “What are you talking about?” he asked.
Dean didn’t look at the food for a long time, but the horrible smell got to him, and he rolled over slowly to examine it. It was the type of breakfast Carmen typically made on the weekend--two sunny side up eggs, two sausage links, and a piece of buttered Texas toast. Dean would have usually wolfed down such fare, but now it smelled like death, and all he saw was repulsive congealed animal flesh and secretions. He picked up the plate and tossed the contents out the open window into the yard. He wasn’t hungry anyway.
“They are?” Dean asked. He’d never thought about nutrition before, just ate what everyone else around him ate and what he liked. “I used to eat pie for breakfast a lot,” he mused. “Used to hate peas.”
Benny broke the silence. “Well, I probably should get goin’.” He reached out and gave Carmen’s hand a final squeeze. “She’ll talk to you soon, I promise, cher. She just needs some time to cool off.” He stood, and as he moved toward the door, he made eye contact with Dean and tilted his head toward the door, indicating that he wanted Dean to follow, so he did.
“It’s not!” she yelled, and didn’t say another word to him that night, going to sleep on the edge of the bed with her back to him.
“Yeah, I am now,” he said with a rueful smile, “but at the end of undergrad, I started to get super-stressed, feeling all this pressure to be the wunderkind everyone seemed to think I was, and I met this girl, Ruby, who I thought was helping me deal with it, but it turns out she had her own demons to deal with.”  Sam told Dean how he’d started using fentanyl with Ruby and almost ruined his stellar school record. Ruby ended up o.d.-ing. She lived, but it was a wakeup call for Sam. She dropped out and moved back with her parents, and Sam’s mentor, Dr. Mills, helped him to get back on track.
Sam shut the laptop and said, “So where am I gonna crash?” eyeing the couch that was at least a foot too short for him. Dean led him to the room where Cas used to sleep and was touched to see that Cas had already set up a makeshift bed for his brother on the floor.
Cas didn’t talk like any nineteen-year-old Dean had ever heard. It was like someone who learned perfect English as a second language but hadn’t spoken to many native speakers. Dean grunted his assent, and Cas opened the window beside the end table, and then backed out of the room, watching Dean until he closed the door behind himself with a soft click.
“You could still go, right?” Cas asked, digging the toe of his tennis shoe into the newly exposed dirt at the foot of the step.
“Okay, okay,” Carmen said in exasperation as she shoved Lee away from her husband and toward Meg and the others. Dean knew that Carmen knew he and Lee had messed around before when they were all high as kites a couple of years ago, but she never said a thing about it. It was just one of many things they ignored about each other and never discussed. That’s how they’d stayed married for six years.
Dean cleared his throat. “Uh, hey Cas,” he said, feeling a bit raw and shy. “I should take a shower.” He scrunched up his nose at his own odor.
“Hey guys, what’s up,” Dean greeted, still dipping the sponge in the soapy water and wringing it out.
Other things changed too. Dean taught Cas to drive and Cas got his license. Cas bought his first phone, and he started going to meetings for something called the Sunflower Pride Coalition, which was some kind of club for queer college kids. Cas had wanted Dean to get involved too, but he’d begged off, not because he was in the closet, but because he’d be older than everyone else there, and he wanted to give Cas a chance to make friends on his own. Sometimes Dean wondered if, as Cas discovered more of college life, he’d meet a guy his own age and move on, but Dean refused to get possessive and jealous. He had to give Cas, who had never been allowed to be a part of regular society, a chance to figure things out for himself. Maybe Cas would find there was more to life than Dean, but so far he’d shown no signs of losing interest in their relationship. Dean just had to hope for the best.
Dean considered that. “So I guess a raucous high school party where everyone was drunk and high doesn’t count?”
After more waiting, an older Black woman with a name tag that read Missouri Mosely, M.D. arrived to examine him and ask a lot of questions.
Sam pitched his voice even lower. “Well, yeah, he seems smart, but I meant, he just seems kind of unusual, don’t you think?”
The next morning, Dean woke up, still fully dressed, on the couch. He looked bleerily at his watch. “Oh no,” he mumbled when he saw that it was already past eight thirty. His shift started at nine. His mouth tasted like ass, but he had no time to shower or brush his teeth. He wiped the crusties out of his eyes, ran into the bedroom and scrambled to get dressed. He looked in his wallet to see two one dollar bills, not enough for an Uber. Carmen was already at work. There was no way he could make the bus to get to work in time. Fucking bus. Crowley was not going to take kindly to him being late because his car had been impounded for a DUI.
Despite the memories and the tears, Dean smiled. It was true. Maybe not completely happy, but he felt more solid at his core than he remembered ever being before. He’d never even realized he had any kind of core until now.
Dean chuckled softly. “I was an asshole,” he agreed, “and I thought you were a freak, which you are, but in all the best ways.” He caressed the side of Cas’s face, loving the rough feel of stubble.
Dean shook his head and then leaned forward and snubbed out his butt in the ashtray on the coffee table. “I’ll tell you something,” he said, leaning back again against the wall. “When I’m driving my Baby 85 miles an hour with my eyes closed,” he continued, closing his eyes in illustration, “that’s meditation.” He opened his eyes and added, “Ask my friend Benny. He’s been there when it happens.”
Sam slapped Dean on the back again, now that it was really over, and Dean pulled him into a hug. “Thanks for keeping me from being a felon, Sammy,” Dean said.
It seemed like only moments later when the nurse from earlier--Hannah?-- shook him awake, asked him the same questions the doctor had asked before, and then, along with an orderly, rolled him out of the ER cubicle, leaving Carmen behind. He must have slept through the CT scan because when he opened his eyes again, he was back with Carmen.
The voice seemed to hesitate before saying, “Sir, do you have any other questions pertaining to your credit?”
The next time he opened his eyes it was because someone was touching the knife that was back in the center of his head. He groaned and tried to focus on the stranger’s face. It was a young Asian man. He held Dean’s eyelid wide and shined a light in it. Despite Dean’s groan and attempt to pull away, he held him still by the chin and repeated with the other eye. He then prodded at Dean's forehead with a gloved finger, increasing the pain.
Dean figured it was natural for Sam to think Dean had lost his mind. “Yeah, yeah,” he answered, “I mean I had headaches for a while, and there was the not eating thing, but everything seems fine now.”
“That’s Carmen’s hippy half-brother,” Dean said out of the side of his mouth, wondering why Carmen hadn’t yet told Amara about Cas.
“Shit, honey, they’ll probably kick us out now,” Carmen said, her hand hovering around his head as if afraid to touch. “Does your head hurt real bad?”
And that’s how Dean ended up as a twenty-eight-year-old college student, making sure his jeans covered his ankle bracelet so he didn’t alarm all the innocent eighteen-year-olds. The KU campus had always seemed a million miles away to Dean even though he had lived only ten minutes from it his entire adult life. It didn’t seem like a place that had anything to do with him, but while helping prep Cas for the GED, Cas kept telling Dean how smart he was and how he should go to college too. Every step Cas took towards enrolling in college, he dragged Dean along with him. After an advisor explained that they had to take prerequisites before taking all of those cool upper division classes, they ended up in back-to-back Saturday English 101 and Math 101 classes together, both taught by grad students younger than Dean.
“He wasn’t my dad,” Cas said without emotion, as if his anger and hurt had faded long ago. “Family is not about blood.”
When Dean looked up at him, Cas said, “Can I bring you something to eat? Here’s some water.” He held out a glass.
“I had the worst day today,” she complained as she emerged from the bathroom in her pink nightshirt. “I’m glad you’re eating again, at least.”
“Are you two fucking?” Carmen asked out of nowhere. Dean wondered if he should go inside and smooth things over with Carmen, but now that she’d mentioned the possibility of Dean fucking Cas, he had a sudden flash in his mind of doing it. Yeah, he definitely wanted to do that, could see himself doing it.
“But I want to,” Dean protested, gripping Cas tight. “It felt so good until, I don’t know, something snapped in my head.”
At some point in the second day, Dean cracked his eyes open to see Cas entering the room hesitantly, holding a plate of food. “Hello, Dean. Are you awake?” he whispered.
Cas seemed beyond speech, a beatific smile on his face, muscles straining, skin slick with sweat. He came first, pulsing cum across Dean’s belly, but didn’t stop bouncing on Dean’s dick, speeding up until Dean felt his orgasm crest, shooting up into Cas as his thrusts became erratic. He threw his arm across his own face and bit down to stifle the noises he couldn’t help himself from making.
Dean squinted up at her, still holding the mug in both hands, and she retreated to the bedroom, looking satisfied, as if he had agreed to something.
Eventually they stopped kissing and just held each other in a loose embrace. “I feel very badly about Carmen,” Cas said against Dean’s neck, breaking the silence. “I don’t think she will speak to me again.”
Dean ended up eating an orange and some hazelnuts that Carmen dug up from a gift basket she’d stuck in the closet last Christmas, and he eventually went into work. He even felt good enough to ride Cas’s bike, which miraculously survived the accident unscathed except for a bent front wheel rim which Cas had since fixed. Cas said he would take the bus.
“Well isn’t that precious,” Dean conceded, already leaving the room. “Just don’t eat our food or use our shit anymore,” he called over his shoulder. He could hear Carmen apologizing for him.
“Five hundred eighty-seven dollars.” The thought of being even more in debt to a woman he was getting tired of fucking made his stomach roil, but he had no other options left.
He did do as he was told, shuffling out to the back patio. He’d laid ten square feet of concrete in their small backyard two years ago so he didn’t have to mow so much grass and so they could stick patio furniture out there, but it looked so cold and uninviting now. He imagined what it would be like out there covered with thick green grass and birds chirping instead of a concrete slab and a cinder block wall.
Cas started to slide in, tentatively at first, but then when Dean pulled him in tighter, showing no sign of distress, he thrust right in. “Oh, god,” he breathed, a look of pure joy on his face, “You feel like heaven.” He began to pull in and out, picking up the pace. “Stay with me, Dean. Are you with me?”
“Well, no,” Cas said. “I’ve never had a lot of experience with finances. I’d rather have my hands in the soil.” He looked at Dean’s grubby hands with longing.
Cas nodded and waited for the answer. The unwavering stare that Dean found unnerving before his accident was now quite grounding.
Dean had to admit to himself that the images that conjured up were a turn-on, but he was also horrified. “That sick fuck,” he blurted. “You know that’s fucked up, right Cas? Why didn’t you tell me this before?”
“I don’t know,” Carmen sighed. “I told you, his mom was a weird hippy. She sometimes paid me for babysitting with weed.”
“No, no I don’t,” Cas said with apparent honesty, but Dean didn’t trust it. He didn’t like being condescended to by a nineteen-year-old.
“Guys?” she stage-whispered, interrupting Benny’s story about some guy trying to cheat him outrageously on the price of a 340 valve cover. “Guys, excuse me, excuse me.” When she had their full attention, she asked, “Guess what?”
She stood in front of him and put a hand on his shoulder, examining his face. “Are you ok?” she asked. When he didn’t answer, she said, “You need to put that bandage back on, ok? They said to keep it on for three days.” Then she kissed him on the mouth, the first time they had kissed in a while, certainly since the accident. It felt like nothing. “Try to get some sun before it goes down.”
After their meal, they had a serious talk, with Sam getting out his laptop to go over all the legal and financial stuff. By the time they were finished hammering out all the details, it was dark outside and Cas had long since excused himself to the bedroom.
Just then, Cas entered the room. He was wearing loose black pants, a yellow t-shirt with a picture of a black cat on it, and was barefoot. His hair was its usual mess. Without a word, he moved around Benny toward Dean and held out a hand to him.
He opened his eyes and he was in a coffin in pitch black, running out of air. He scratched frantically at the underside of the lid, getting nowhere, but then the lid was wrenched open and he saw his mother’s face. “I love you,” she said. “You are beautiful and good, and I love you, Dean.” Awash in her love, he reached out to her, thrusting his arm out of his own grave, but before she took his hand, they were both engulfed in scorching flames. Dean shrieked along with his mother.
“Let’s get him to the car,” Carmen said, breaking the spell, as she rolled him out to the parking lot. Cas’s arms were strong and solid as he eased Dean into the passenger seat and buckled him in without a word.
He didn’t know why he wanted to do it, but he trusted Cas, and he had a new-found desire for some kind of understanding of whatever was going on inside him. He didn’t want to hide from himself anymore. “You would stay with me? Keep me from freaking out?” Dean whispered into the night air, fighting off sleep.
Cas retreated into the house, and Dean awkwardly mounted the bike and shifted his junk around a bit so he could sit comfortably. Cas watched him from the window with a small smile on his face, and Dean called out, “I can see you!” Cas retreated.
“That’s unfortunate,” Cas said, sinking back into the seat, and they were all silent again until they pulled into the driveway.
1. Talk to Carmen, apologize, ask her if she wants a divorce, give her whatever she wants, tell her she can sell house and keep anything. I can never make things up to her so do whatever she wants.
She started moving toward the bedroom. “Yeah, I’ll think about it,” she said, turning back and making sure he saw her sarcastic eye roll before she walked away.
Dean’s head was foggy, but he knew that much. “Orange asshole,” he said. The doctor laughed and seemed satisfied with that answer.
5. Talk to Cas about what he wants to do. Where should we or can we live? Does he want to do this together?
Dean sat down and let out a huff of breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding. That had gone better than he could have hoped for. She hadn’t killed him or set the house on fire. He would feel more guilty about everything if he didn’t truly believe that splitting up would be good for Carmen too. Whether she realized it or not, she had to work on her own shit.
Amara emerged without Carmen, acting overdramatically like something was wrong. She shushed them and lowered herself to the couch beside Dean. Even stoned, he could tell she was high on something too, probably blow, her pupils big in her light brown eyes.
The look on her face shifted to guilt, as if she was hiding something. “How much?” she asked as she sauntered back behind the reception desk.
Despite his impending court date, Dean felt oddly calm and centered that evening. He’d finished his birdbath, and Sam and Cas seemed genuinely impressed.
He pulled her out into the street and headed toward the frontage road, the purr and vibration of the engine numbing out his thoughts. Once on the open road, he closed his eyes and accelerated. Faster, faster, losing himself in the purr, until wailing sirens and flashing lights he could see through his closed eyelids snapped him to the awareness that he was drifting to the left and a police cruiser was behind him. He slowed and stopped on the shoulder.
Dean had a swirl of emotions about number 5. Did Cas want to be with him, really be with him, live with him long term? His instincts said yes, but Cas was so young, and whatever this thing was that was blossoming between them, was it love? It felt that way, but maybe it was too soon to tell.
He must have been staring a long time because Carmen was back and said, “They’re here, Dean. Get dressed and come on out. They brought a pizza.” She waited for him to acknowledge her and when he turned toward her, she gave him a forced smile. It took some time for him to dress in the Led Zeppelin t-shirt, flannel, and pants she had left on the bed and drift out to the living room toward Amara and Benny’s laughter. The laughter stopped when he entered the room and lowered himself into a chair, gripping the armrests and making sure his butt landed on its target. They watched him expectantly, holding their drinks, eyes darting to his bandaged head and scabbed palms, but Dean said nothing.
“If I tell my boss what it’s about, she’ll let me have time off,” Sam said, ignoring Dean’s reaction, “so yeah, I’ll come out there. Do you have a court appointed attorney?”
She shook her head and gritted her teeth. “That bastard,” she spat out, referring to Crowley Dean assumed.
“At the Terra Sun Garden Center,” Cas said, puffing out his chest a bit with pride. “I’m a nursery technician.”
Dean chuckled, realizing he had actually moaned out loud. “Just enjoying life, Sammy,” he said with a smile before continuing to eat.
Dean was glad he had taken the pills because he’d be getting into a big fight with her if he was sober or just drunk. He’d sworn to himself and to Carmen that he’d never hit her, but sometimes it was so tempting. Instead, he just lay back, took a drag on his cigarette and said, “Leave me alone, Carmen. I’m exhausted. I’ve been working twelve hours a day trying to get Baby back with no help from anybody.” His voice was verging on a whine, and he didn’t like it. “I feel like a fucking animal,” he admitted.
“And we didn’t celebrate?” Dean said, stunned as a gloriously naked Cas started to work at unfastening his jeans.
He pointed at Cas’s head. “I know your thoughts,” he said, looming over Cas, trying to intimidate him a little. “I can see inside your little brain.”
Carmen was clearly pissed off about something, all the car-talk Dean guessed, but he wasn’t going to give in and apologize for something that he didn’t think was wrong in the first place. It was an argument that cropped up fairly often, and especially when they were drinking or using other substances. Carmen thought Dean spent too much money and time on his car and other people’s cars, money and time she would prefer he spend on her or the house. They each drank their beers and looked everywhere but at each other while Amara and Benny tried to act like it wasn’t awkward, laughing nervously.
“It’s weird, Dean,” she said. She looked at Cas as if he should contribute to the conversation, but Cas just placidly returned her gaze.
“That’s great, Dean,” Sam said. “I guess that means you’re not an alcoholic if you didn’t go through withdrawal or anything. To tell you the truth, I’m kind of surprised you’re not. You know, with Dad like he was, and before I left, it seemed like you were heading in that direction.”
Dean twisted the greens off one of the beets, washed it off at the sink, and took a big bite out of it. The sweet and tangy flavor burst in his mouth like fireworks. He leaned his elbows on the counter and watched Carmen and Benny as he chewed slowly, savoring.
Cas nodded sadly. “Yes, I’ve come to believe that,” he said. “Chuck is manipulative, and they treat him like a deity.”
“Oh, of course she did,” Dean groaned, closing his eyes again. “She probably stayed up all night. Probably had Benny blow the rest of that coke up her ass.”
“Purple, huh?” Dean said. He had no problem with guys painting their nails or doing anything else. He just wanted to make Cas squirm for some reason.
“I don’t think anything is wrong with eating vegetables,” Cas said, and a bolt of affection shot through Dean.
Dean wasn’t sure how that would go, but he said, “Sure, give me a call,” and with that they went their separate ways.
“Hey, Dean?” Sam said. Dean stopped and turned back around. Sam looked around the room, twisting his big paws together nervously before saying, “I’m still wrapping my head around you and Cas, but I can tell there’s something between you guys I never saw with you and Carmen, so, y’know, I won’t give you a hard time or anything.”
Dean lit up a cigarette, and Amara eventually emerged from the bathroom, all primped and perfumed again. The woman dressed like a porn star, and today she was wearing a leopard-print bustier with a yellow leather mini-skirt. Her mood had shifted back to affectionate, and she caressed his chest with her long nails that had actual little jewels embedded in them, and kissed him on the cheek before leaving. She had a hot body, but frankly Dean preferred Carmen’s less-made-up look, even though she would only have actual sex with him when she was wasted.
Cas leaned down and kissed him again. He wiped Dean’s tears away and kissed him some more. “We did it,” he said, with a big smile and eyes wide with wonder.
Dean had no idea what she was talking about. “I’m not,” he said, because he wasn’t. The truth was that he had no emotions whatsoever regarding Amara.
She didn’t say anything for enough time as she fiddled with the things behind the counter that he knew he wouldn’t like what came out of her mouth next. “I’d love to help you, but I’m broke right now.” The fact that she was no longer looking him in the eye showed she was lying. Dean knew she was loaded, not just because she owned her own business, but because she was her daddy’s little princess. According to Carmen, he was rich and had gifted her the salon in the first place.
“He’s got a sleeping bag and pad and I gave him a couple of blankets for more cushioning,” she explained, turning her back to him and snuggling under the covers. “He seemed real happy about the set-up. He’s got a little tent too if he wants to set up in the backyard.” Dean could hear the smile in her voice. “I guess it’s a step up from the ashram.”
Carmen had already hugged the kid and was helping him move his bike into the backyard, so Dean went through the front door, sat on the living room couch, and clicked the tv on. He was happy to see a Classic Speed rerun was on and got lost in the show until Carmen cleared her throat.
Shit, shit, shit, he thought to himself, but he was docile through the whole thing--the handing over of his license and registration, the breathalyzer, the handcuffs. Shit.
The three guys said something to each other in Spanish before looking to Dean who popped the hood. “Now, there’s gas in the tank, right?” he asked, and the guy beside him nodded. “Well, let’s check the fuel pressure,” he continued. He ran inside to get his tool kit and got to work. About a half hour later, the problem was solved. The three of them whispered back and forth in Spanish and one got out his wallet and shoved several bills toward Dean, but Dean wouldn’t take it. They all smiled, said a few more things Dean didn’t understand except for “gracias,” clapped him on the back, and were on their way. It felt good to help people.
The old Dean would have exploded at Sam for suggesting Dean was crazy and butting in, but it didn’t affect him at all now. He completely understood Sam’s concerns and just had to be patient with him until he accepted Cas. Before he could say anything, Cas said, “I understand it seems strange, Sam, but despite not knowing each other very long, Dean and I have a profound bond, and I assure you that I only have his best interests at heart.”
Crowley ignored his question. “And how am I supposed to explain to a customer that the bloke working on his hundred thousand dollar car rides a child’s bicycle to work?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean said. He didn’t know quite how he felt about it all. He wasn’t the person he was before the bike accident, but he wasn’t the person he was after the accident either anymore. It was like the two versions of him had merged together. All the things he had suppressed for so long were now at the forefront of his mind. He wasn’t afraid of any of it anymore, but it was right there now, and he wasn’t sure how he wanted to move forward. “I’m ok, but I don’t think I’m ready to talk about it yet,” he decided.
“They tell you that you can’t leave the house,” Dean explained. “It has like a force field.” Dean let go of Bertha and circled his hands around himself to illustrate. “There’s a range, and it’ll just hone in on you.”
“How are you feeling?” Cas, sitting up beside him, asked. His voice was coming from every direction. Dean didn’t answer. He felt something welling up from within, and crawled out of the nest into the dirt to puke. It was like everything he had ever been came out. Cas’s hand on his back felt electric. Dean focused on every point of contact and the energy that penetrated his skin. He didn’t respond to Cas’s question and instead gathered the surrounding dirt and stones with his hands to bury the vomit, an act which seemed very important, almost ceremonial. He moved away from the mound of dirt and continued to run his hands over the ground, clearing the dry rocky top soil to reveal a patch of the darker, moist ground underneath. A few tiny insects scrambled away from him, frantic at being exposed. The dirt itself writhed and pulsed. Dean watched it for a long time. He sensed Cas beside him, observing, but Dean couldn’t take his eyes off the living, breathing dirt.
Dean gripped Cas’s hands, not sure how to respond to that. That was rape, wasn’t it? Or at least some kind of exploitation. He couldn’t tell Cas how to feel about his own experiences though. “Jeez, we’re a pair, aren’t we?” was all he could say.
“That’s not the issue,” she insisted. “I just need you guys to not talk about cars for like twenty minutes. Can you do that?”
Dean shrugged. “No plan,” he said, and at Benny’s incredulous look added, “It’s ok, man,” as if soothing an angry bear.
Dean picked up a pea with his fingers, admired it’s smooth roundness and then popped it in his mouth. He enjoyed its subtle sweetness and starchy texture.
Dean felt as if he was entering someone else’s house. Cas was in the kitchen preparing something. He turned around when he heard Dean slide open the back door. “Hello, Dean,” he said with surprise. He looked Dean up and down as if assessing his condition.
Before Dean could reply, Cas was holding his chin in his palm and tilting Dean’s face up. “That looks painful,” he mused. He kept examining the wound, his hand solid presence that suffused Dean’s skin with warmth.
Dean even looked into how he could maybe convert Baby to electric, but that was beyond even his considerable skill set. Sometimes when he was under the hood tuning her up or feeling the hum of her engine when he drove, Dean thought of all the time he’d spent with her throughout his life, and how small that life had been. She was now a symbol of how big his life had become.
“What if,” Benny started, raising a finger as if he had something wise to say. Dean took another hit, the water bubbling gently with his inhale. “What if the outside of your house,” he lifted up his beer and made a swirling motion with his hand under the can, “is inside this force field?”
Dean looked up to see Cas’s concerned face, and reached out without answering. Cas, still naked, his now unsheathed cock almost limp, knelt down beside Dean and pulled him into an embrace. They stayed that way, Dean practically in Cas’s lap, until Dean started to shiver, and Cas urged him off the floor and back onto the bed. Cas stepped into the bathroom and after the sink ran for a awhile, he emerged with a damp washcloth to clean Dean up before pulling the covers from the floor where they had fallen, and wrapping them both up. They faced one another, skin to skin, clutched tight, breathing each other’s breath. “I want to tell you something,” Dean whispered, his eyes closed.
“No, I don’t know how it is,” Dean continued to rant. “Just keep your fucking foot light on the pedals for crissakes!” Dean stopped yelling abruptly when he saw someone, a man, in their driveway with a bike. He was haloed by their porch light and just stood there as they approached the house. “Who the fuck is that?”
Cas perked up as if he’d been waiting for someone to ask him about the subject. “I’ve read quite a lot about it,” he said. “There is some free land in Kansas. You just have to fill out an application and pay about $500. I’d have to learn how to build a house, but I already have plans for growing a large garden and some fruit trees. I would dehydrate and can a lot of the produce, keep chickens, and have an apiary.” He got a dreamy look in his eyes. “I’m particularly interested in bee-keeping.”
Carmen hesitated for a beat then said, “Sure, little bro, c’mere.” Amara released Carmen so she and Cas could embrace.
After depositing Dean in the passenger seat, Carmen slid behind the wheel and fumbled with the keys. Dean hated when she drove the Impala. She always accelerated too fast, stopped too hard, or rode the brake.
Dean wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he was glad Carmen and Amara were still friends and that Benny hadn’t left Amara. He doubted his friendship with Benny would survive.
“You’re proud of that, huh,” Dean said, crossing his arms and leaning back against the kitchen entryway.
Dean figured he should tell her about losing his job. “Well, you might want to hang on to that glad feeling,” he said, “cause I got fired today.”
They were so close, Dean might as well have been talking to himself. “I told you I turned tricks sometimes when I was a kid.”
Sometimes Dean forgot how young Cas was, but the anxious look on his face reminded him. Dean had an urge to kiss the frown right off his adorable face. “Don’t like handling money, huh?” he asked instead.
“Yeah, sorry about that, Sam,” Dean said, the apology coming out like it was nothing. Just a month ago someone would have had to torture him to get him to apologize to anyone for anything. “I’m really sorry.”
Dean chuckled again, shaking his head. “I know you probably can’t believe I’m saying this,” he said, “but I think maybe you’re right.” He’d already started talking to Cas about his feelings, so maybe he was ready to talk to a pro.
Dean knew he’d made the right decision asking Sam to come out to help him when they met the court-appointed attorney, a trollish guy named Marv who had bad teeth, a neck beard, and what looked like a second-hand suit. The guy kept talking like a heavy sentence was inevitable, and Sam kept pointing out ways to lighten the sentence and Marv would say, “Ah, well-played,” as if they were engaged in a particularly exciting game of chess with Dean as a pawn. Luckily, he wrote down everything Sam suggested and by the end of their meeting seemed prepared to present it all to the judge the next day.
They kissed for a long time, running fingers through each other’s hair, against the skin on each other’s necks and faces. They came up for air for a moment only to dive back in for more. Dean inched them back toward the couch and they made their way there without ever losing contact. Once Dean was seated, Cas straddled his lap and kicked off his tennis shoes. They resumed their lip lock until Dean started to pull Cas’s t-shirt up and they had to separate in order for Dean to pull it off. Dean ran his hands over Cas’s now exposed chest. He had a smattering of dark hair at his sternum, but was otherwise smooth and unblemished. Cas shivered at his touch and looked at him with what could only be described as hunger. He pulled at the hem of Dean’s filthy t-shirt, and Dean obliged him, removing it and tossing it aside. They ran their hands over each other’s torsos for a while, and Dean could feel the hardness of Cas’s erection press against his own through layers of fabric. Cas swooped down for more kissing and moaned into Dean’s mouth, grinding their covered crotches together. Dean moved his hands down Cas’s sides toward his fly. He popped the button, unzipped, and reached inside Cas’s underwear. Cas let out another pained moan, and his dick twitched in Dean’s hand, warm and alive. It was damp at the tip, and Dean stroked the moisture over its length. It only took a few pulls for Cas to come with a low groan into Dean’s neck.
“And look,” Cas said, holding the catalogue up for Dean to see. “This class reminded me of you and your bird baths: ‘Sculpture Intercepting the Waste Stream.’ It’s all about making art out of recycled materials.”
His dick was limp now and he felt like spending the rest of his day off alone with Baby, so back in the bedroom he pulled on his boxer briefs and said, “You should get back to work,” to Amara. She gave another little huff, but she knew when she’d been dismissed, so she grabbed all her clothes and stomped into the bathroom, slamming the door behind her. Carmen worked at Amara’s nail salon, so Dean and Amara had no trouble hooking up while Carmen and Amara’s husband, Benny, were at work. Dean had fucked other people pretty regularly throughout the ten years since he and Carmen had started dating in eleventh grade, but never more than one or two-time hookups. He’d been fucking Amara for almost six months now though. It was always her idea, and he just went with it. Why not? He cared about Carmen, but she was pretty vanilla in the sack due to all of her “issues,” so why shouldn’t he get it on with her slutty friend/boss? Who was he hurting? Benny was one of Dean’s best buddies, but did it really matter that he was fucking Amara if Benny and Carmen never found out? Dean didn’t think so. What they didn’t know couldn’t hurt them.
He spent the rest of the day getting lost in the serene movements of different types of wildlife and dozing on and off on the couch. When Carmen got home, she seemed thrilled that he was out of bed. “Maybe you can get back to work soon,” she said with a hopeful raise of her eyebrows.
Although Dean hadn’t been able to imagine how it could, the sex just kept getting better and better. Dean still craved feeling Cas’s cock up his ass, though. He wanted Cas to be a part of him the same way that he could be part of Cas. He’d actually dream about Cas thrusting deep inside him sometimes, filling him up, and would wake up feeling empty, disappointed to see his beautiful boy asleep beside him.
“You never met him,” Carmen said while gathering her purse and keys. They were headed out to get Dean’s ankle bracelet removed. “His name’s Castiel. We have different moms.”
“Well, I always swung both ways, Sam,” Dean said. That too came out with ease, something he’d never even admitted to himself before Cas, much less vocalized, despite having messed around with more than a few dudes in the past. “Just wasn’t out about it.”
Benny led him out to the driveway where his vintage Ford pickup, the one Dean had helped him find and restore, was parked, and then looked around as if he wanted to make sure no one was listening.
He heard Carmen tell Cas, “He’s trying to be nice.” Dean wondered what else she said about him. Had Cas complained about him? Was Dean being too much of a jerk? And why the fuck did he care what Cas thought of him? He pulled Baby out into the driveway and popped the hood. Her engine hadn’t been sounding like it was breathing right lately, so he used a stethoscope to get a good listen. He thought a cylinder head might be loose.
“Enough,” Dean said. “I know he...touched her.” Carmen had told him that long ago, in high school, and they’d never talked about it since. Dean had been filled with rage over it, but the guy was already dead by then, a suicide, so there was nothing he could do about it.
“That’s it?” Dean asks, surprised. “I thought it was gonna be a shriveled gray thing or something, like magic mushrooms.”
Dean ran his hand through his hair. He wasn’t sure what to say to most of that, but he could answer her question. “Not until after you left, but yeah,” he admitted.
He yanked off his tie and walked maybe ten blocks to Amara’s salon. It was already six thirty and getting dark by the time he got there. Through the glass he saw her chattering away on her phone headset while she opened her mail.
“It was a thing for awhile on the ashram,” Cas said, and Dean thought he detected a little eye roll, not a gesture he’d seen Cas make before, “so I read a lot about it.”
She turned as she reached the door. “Well I’m not staying here with you and my two-faced baby brother, and I don’t want either of you sleeping in a ditch,” she shot back. Beneath the anger, Dean recognized Carmen’s innate kindness. Even her husband and half-brother hooking up together couldn’t overshadow her care for either of them. “Amara and Benny are going to help me get a lawyer. The lawyer’ll be in touch,” she said coldly before exiting and slamming the door behind her.
Carmen got up and came around the couch to look at him. Her eyes moved to the pill bottle and then the whiskey Dean was finishing off. “What are you doing?” she asked.
Dean stared her down until she took it to mean he agreed and got up to retrieve Carmen. In the meantime, he and Benny continued their conversation in hushed tones until the two girls returned and they stopped talking.
Dean had always loved the raunchy chaos of the club, but now the air, thick with smoke and b.o., made him gag, and Lee, Charlie, and Ash’s yelping and hollering at the strippers on the stage who gyrated around their poles rattled in his head. The dancers looked to Dean like exotic wild animals, their skin glistening like reptilian scales, their faces contorted into rictuses of feigned pleasure that was more like feral snarling.
Crowley appeared beside him, leaning against the doorframe. “Dean,” he said brightly, adjusting the lapels of his suit jacket. With his British accent and natty attire, Crowley contrasted sharply with his grease monkey employees. “I’ve been thinking. I know you were working hard before your…” He paused, wincing, and gestured at Dean’s bandage. “...accident. Meg told me about the Impala, and I know losing her must be akin to losing a limb. Let’s just go down to the impound and retrieve her.”
“He just poured that patio last summer,” Carmen countered. To Dean, last summer seemed like eons ago, and Carmen seemed like she was light years away.
By the time a year had passed since Dean was sentenced, he had come to the conclusion that Baby was important to him and he wanted her back. She wasn’t his whole life anymore, but she was something he had taken care of his whole life, and that was worth something. Once he’d fixed her up from sitting undriven for a year in impound, he could probably get 40k for her, enough for him and Cas to get started with their dream home, but maybe that dream could wait, or maybe it was changing.
Dean stopped his pacing and leaned back against the wall, taking a hard look at Cas, who had paused in his bacon-eating and sat there like a buddha, serene as can be. “You didn’t answer my question,” Dean said. “Why were you at that ashram?”
Dean got some clean sheets and they put the nest back in order. Cas handed Dean a tall glass of water and one capsule. Dean drank it down as Cass fluffed up the pillows. “It might take a little while for you to feel anything,” Cas said. He pointed at the nest. “You might want to lie down and just relax, or you might want to move around. Just do whatever feels right.”
Back at home he didn’t greet Carmen and Cas who were sitting at the table talking about something. Without a word, he went to the bathroom and after taking a piss, rooted around in the medicine cabinet for that bottle of Vicodin he knew Carmen still had from her oral surgery. She said the stuff made her crazier than coke. He considered downing the whole bottle, but shook the thought out of his head. Back on the couch he popped a couple in his mouth and washed them down with a swig of Jack. He lit a cigarette and turned on the TV. Carmen and Cas chattered on in that familiar, quiet way they had until Dean shouted, “Would you two shut the fuck up for like five seconds?”
There was that guy—awake now wearing oversized sweats and a floppy t-shirt that drooped off one pale slim shoulder. His hair was a mess, eyes squinted, nose wrinkled up. He yawned like his jaw may come unhinged and scrubbed at one eye with blunt fingertips; “What’re you doing up?”
She looked at him, commanding but perhaps a little scared, little hand curling up— and he mentally flailed. He was scaring her but he didn’t know how to stop. He didn’t know the rules here. Didn’t know what had happened in that twenty-two year gap between his old world and this one. “I wanna stay here.”
He swallows down the tight knot in his throat, snuffs back something incendiary in his sinuses and finally makes it to the bathroom. He does his business, washes his hands, brushes his teeth and stares at himself in the mirror for a while, tries to reconcile THIS with THAT. Hunting with Home life... Cas with everything he ever thought he knew about himself.
He winds up back at the little place he shares with Cas before nine AM and all he can think about is his brother. It's taking everything he's got not to run back over there and shake Sam until he wants to admit he was wrong-But he can't do that. He just-just can't.
“Jesus, what the hell’s wrong with you!” The guy behind the wheel of the red station wagon gave him the finger and as Dean took a step backward, hands up in an attempt to placate the man, trying to smile but coming off more as a wince. He looked up again and the girl was gone. As if she had never been.
He sat in silence for a few minutes, hands folded between his knees and when Dean stopped at a red light Cas took a slow breath and started speaking; “Are you suffering an existential crisis?”
He sleeps on the couch. Can't really bring himself to climb into bed with another man just yet. Maybe not ever... It's not Cas's fault. He's an OK guy, really. He's funny, smart, hadn't freaked out and called the cops or the funny farm. He'd taken it all in stride, even if he'd been under the impression it was a 'Dream'. Hell, Cas isn't even bad looking, his eyes-Dean doesn't know what it is but there's something just-different about Cas's eyes.
Cas looked at him, looked away and looked at him again, then politely punched him, quite hard in the shoulder. “I asked you a question! The least you can do is answer me! After everything I think I deserve an answer you jerk!”
In his dreams she was always so happy to see him, always so ready to hold him and listen and open, young and perfect… but here she wasn’t. She was concerned, worried, irritated and her jaw smelled like cold cream. “Just forget it,” He pulled her in again, “Forget it, I’m just… I’m happy to see you is all…” He smiled into her hair, remembering how big and powerful she’d felt when he was little, holding him to her chest when he’d been hurt or sick, the vague memories of her hand soothing a fevered brow, or the lull of her voice to ease his nightmares.
At first glance it didn’t look like anything was there, but the farther into the building he ventured the quieter it seemed. Usually abandoned buildings like this were filled with quiet, hidden life. Mice and bats and feral creatures of the sort. Hell, even spiders and moths and birds. Aside from the cat outside and the lone mouse he’d seen upon first entering, there had been no other movement. No plump small furry bodies shifting out of sight between boxes, no fluttering of wings over his head, no crawling spiders in webs… The place seemed… seemed dead.
Technically there wasn't much different than when Dean had kissed women. Physically it felt about the same, lips and teeth and tongues, sent the same kind of fire burning low in his belly, the same tightening of need at the base of his mind. While at the same time it was galaxies different. Where a woman would follow his lead most of the time, Cas insisted, guided-Directed the kiss like it was an orchestra or something. Castiel tasted different, under the cheese burger and coke and fries. He was harder, held the potential for something almost violent, but he held it back, was stronger but not rough. Threatened a bite but only scraped with his teeth as he caught Dean's lower lip and tugged on it, nudged with his nose and chin and latched onto the tender flesh behind and under Dean's ear, bit and sucked-
Cas's hand stayed on his face for a few seconds, their eyes connected, not looking for direction, just observing. The hand on his head slid down, pushed up his shirt and rubbed across his chest. Pressed against a nipple with the pad of his thumb and scratched carefully with blunt nails. The other was working, forefinger and thumb holding him steady, three fingers cupping his balls, squeezing every so often through the fabric of his underwear... Sometimes his little finger would stretch out and add pressure behind, press up with its length and-and something, anything-
Dean found it strangely appealing and pulled in, ducking his head to peer up through the windshield at the buildings and high windows darkened in neglect. A stray cat with glowing green eyes darted across the alleyway ahead of him into the darkness but he paid it little mind and parked in a wider area shielded from view of the highway on three sides, drivers wouldn’t see him unless they were looking for him and with the lights off, in this weather he’d be completely invisible.
His heart beat in his ears, the sweet taste in the back of his throat seemed insignificant and the minutes crawled by like years until he found himself pulling to a stop, breath coming out in quick jerks as he turned off the headlights and wipers then killed the engine.
He feels uneasy, disconnected and everyone is staring at him. He feels like a circus act or something, like maybe they're going to start throwing peanuts at him and demand he do tricks. He forces himself up, gently brushes the manager's steadying hands off and makes purposeful eye contact with the associates that have appeared and the people watching him, his gaze hard, damning.
It's not fair that those people had to die. It's not fair that these THINGS took away everything that was important to us and there's nothing we can do to bring it back...
Then the photos change; A snowy parking lot, taken from a high window. The Impala parked with other cars, taken from above, her roof, hood and trunk dusted with snow.
"Hey," Dean leans his shoulder gingerly against the flimsy cubicle wall and bumps the burger bag against his thigh a few times before he realizes what he's supposed to do with it; "Oh-uh... Here, brought you lunch."
Castiel took it with an appreciative grunt and before Dean could step away the shorter man’s fingers had slid down his arm and hooked against his own. He wanted to flinch, but didn’t, just stood there staring down where Cas’s thumb, index and middle fingers had caught his own. It wasn’t even really a full ‘hand hold’ just something casual, barely a touch.
Mom is there, young and soft and smelling like oranges and ginger and vanilla ice cream, she meets his eyes and speaks in a voice he's heard before when he was very young, asking nicely so he's not scared when she's caught him doing something dangerous.
Sam is behind him, teeth ground together; "What're you talkin' about? You're not tied up, you're right here, with me and we are getting out of here."
It was raining just enough to necessitate the windshield wipers, just enough to annoy you without making your shirt wet. There weren’t many cars on the road, most people heading home from the late shift and he changed lanes effortlessly, eased to a stop at an intersection and made a U-turn back the way he’d come, fingers drumming on the steering wheel, images of Barbara Eden belly dancing in his head.
It was warm, comfortable, smelled clean. Not like cleaning products or a room hastily and halfheartedly disinfected before new occupants arrived, but actually clean. Care and routine kept cleanliness. There was a lingering scent, pizza and popcorn with butter and parmesan, an undertone of something else, familiar but unnamable.
“Dude, can you turn on the radio at least? I mean, give me some variety if you’re gonna be performing Karaoke all night.”
There was absolute tension in his lower back, he couldn't hold still, wanted to rock his hips and MOVE with it instinctually because this man was playing his body like a musical instrument and Dean hadn't known it was possible that someone would just KNOW what he liked without him having to guide them through it. He was just along for the ride here and it was magnificent.
"All of them... Everyone you saved, every one Sammy and I saved... They're all dead," He takes a slow breath and looks around, feels exposed and weaponless. "And there's this woman. She's haunting me. I don't know why. I don't know what the connection is, not yet anyway... It's like my old life is coming after me... Like it doesn't want me to be happy..." He scoffs, looks around and for some reason can't look at his father's grave, feels like he's being judged; "'course, I know what you'd say... Well, not the you that played softball, but... 'Go hunt the djinn... It put you here it can put you back...'" His throat closes and he snuffs back the dampness of the air that's collected in his sinuses; " 'Your happiness for all those people's lives. It's no contest!' Right?" He can see the shake of his father's head, the curl of his lip in disappointment that Dean would even consider the alternative. Dean feels that heat in his chest again, thinks of Cas and Mom and Jess and Sam and it's not so clear cut. "But why? Why is it my job to save these people?" His voice cracks at the last and he can barely get the words out, feels suddenly like he's standing in his father's face spitting in everything he's ever believed in. He doesn't understand, just wants to know even though part of him already does; "Why do I have to be some kind of hero?" His chest spasms and he takes another breath, tries to push on without breaking, tries to get it out without snapping because he doesn't want his father, even if he is dead, to see him cry. "What about us, huh? What? Mom's not supposed to live her life? Sammy's not supposed to get married?" He sees pictures in his head, feels the warmth of Cas's head on his shoulder, the burn and sweet ache in his chest as they'd just LOOKED at one another and been SEEN. "Why do we have to sacrifice everything, Dad? It's-" Not fair...
Dean took a deep breath and carefully checked the intersection before he crossed it, foot pressing slowly on the accelerator.
He looked away, cheeks burning, vision watery and scrubbed his palms on his jeans, eyes searching the room for something to distract himself with, something—ANYTHING because he had to get control of this situation. Had to get control of these weird confusing emotions.
Dean flexed his fingers on the steering wheel, still unable to meet the other man’s eyes or even speak to him.
“I’ll just call Castiel and have him come pick you up, OK?” She looked disappointed but resigned as she reached for the phone.
He looked, was too shocked and awed not to, saw Cas's pink lips stretched around him, how those blue eyes were shut, lashes just ebony crescents on his flushed cheeks. Not a care in the world.
Sam ground his teeth and his feet shifted, ready to spring, watched as the knife turned in his brother's hand and made a low keening noise in his throat.
He bit his tongue, clamped his jaws together and turned, arms coming up defensively, eyes wide and staring.
“Cas…” Dean didn’t lower his fist immediately and Cas just stared at him with his eyebrows pulled down and his head cocked to the side. He didn’t blink and it was a little weird, but Dean tried to ignore it. Everything about this was weird.
Cas follows his gaze, chuckles, leans over the seat, captures his lips and whispers; "You can thank me later," As he climbs out of the car.
Castiel was a good kisser. A fantastic kisser, worked the focus from the seam of Dean's lips to the corner and then to a tiny stripe of scar tissue on his lower lip, nudged it and the next thing Dean knew he was making out in the front seat of his car with another guy. Felt the sting of teeth and a warm, rough friction where Castiel had slid closer and was pulling at his hip, urging Dean's right leg up onto the seat so they could face one another.
He could hear amusement in Sam’s voice and bared his teeth, the near overwhelming urge to put his fist through something chewing at the base of his mind, curling his fingers into his palm. “No, asshat—The DJINN, the scary creature, remember? It put its hand on me and then I woke up next to some dude!”
There are some nights while Sam is doing research and Dean’s asleep that he hears his brother mumble something. Hushed and pulled thin in his usually gruff voice, Sam isn’t sure what to think of it, tries to ignore it but the sound is haunting and he finds himself afraid of it because he knows what it means, knows how close he came to losing his brother to it.
Cas nuzzled his chest again, pressed his lips to the dip of muscle over Dean’s heart and tilted his chin up blue eyes glazed with sleep and want; “Don’t take too long—“ He pushed up without warning and Dean couldn’t do anything about it—couldn’t with a clear conscience knock the poor guy away and instead let himself be kissed—If he could ignore the grate of stubble against his chin or the fact that the guy’s mouth was just a little off center and sleepy, he might have said it was OK for a kiss, but aside from a very convincing tax accountant in drag back in Tampa once—just the once— years ago, Dean had never kissed or been kissed by another man. It rattled him a little that he wasn’t freaking out about it more than he was. He didn’t think there was anything wrong with someone liking the same sex, just had always KNOWN he was straight, he’d been physically attracted to women since he was nine years old for crap sake, had jerked off the first time to reruns of Gilligan’s Island—Ginger in that fuckmedress, was the greatest thing ever.
“It’s OK, it’s OK,” He rubbed his hands dry again, “You go to bed, OK?” He couldn’t keep from brushing his fingertips on her arms, reassuring himself she was there, was real. He stepped away when her eyes dropped to his hands and took a seat on the sofa to put distance between them or he may wind up just wrapping his arms around her and not letting go. He took a moment to just stare around at the wall paper and the photos reverently, cementing himself in this new reality.
“I wanted to stay so bad,” There’s a flash, brief and bright, but it’s gone again in an instant; “I mean ever since Dad— All I can think about is how much this job’s cost us…” He shakes his head but that sense of dis-connectivity about him remains; “We’ve lost so much… We’ve sacrificed so much—“
Dean fumbled behind him, gave the handle two full turns and felt himself shaking a little as Cas gripped him by the hips and physically pulled him down in the seat until he was lying there with Cas scrunched up half in the passenger foot well, Dean's left leg over his arm and the other stretched out against the back of the seat. He leaned forward and caught the little bit of extra flesh below Dean's navel between his teeth and bit just hard enough to sting-sucked hard enough to leave a purple mark that would rub against the waistband of his jeans, tender and irritated and Dean couldn't watch it, turned his eyes to the overhead lining and flattened one shaking palm on his brow, the other fisted in the lapel of Castiel's jacket.
Sam's mouth is open and he looks like he may have just pissed himself a little bit; "Okay, uhm..." He sets the jar of blood down carefully; "Stop the car."
"You drove all this way to bring me lunch? You never bring me lunch," Cas takes the bag and looks up at him with a rather awestruck expression on his face.
It’s the next afternoon before he’s up and moving. Sam asks him what he wants to eat, he says fried chicken… and bring back some beer.
Dean shrugged from under his hand as gently but quickly as he could; “Look, I—I just need some space.”
She grunted in surprise and her hands came up, her hair catching on the bristles of his chin, breath warm against his ear, the solidity of her against him overwhelming, small hands sweeping the breadth of his back and neck checking him over like she’d done when he was a child, looking for hurts; “Honey… you’re scaring me, just tell me what’s going on,” Her fingers were like a vice on him as he withdrew.
“I know,” He rubs his palms on his thighs and pulls his lower lip between his teeth; “But I wanted to stay…”
Two or three more songs he shuffled around. Sometimes he’d sing, tilt his chin up and pelt along until he spooked some birds trying to sleep or scared the shit out of a few deer nesting down in the thicket on the opposite side of the road.
Don't... no. This won't solve anything, won't even make you feel any better. Keep it for now. You'll need it.
“This is your big homophobic ‘freak out’ everyone’s been warning me to watch out for,” He actually made quotation marks with his fingers.
He cracks open one eye and just looks. The lamp's back on the bedside table, new bulb on its lowest setting. Everything is amber and gold and the blue of Castiel's eyes, he rolls slowly onto his back, winces because holy SHIT my ass-and looks at him tiredly. "I don't mind..."
Instinct took over, kicking, bringing his knees up, gasping for air, pinching the thing’s wrist in an attempt to cause an involuntary muscle contraction. There were distant thoughts of Sam, of helplessness, wondering what this—this THING was going to do to him, carry him away perhaps like some fucking damsel, but there was no malice in its eyes, simply serenity, blue and shifting like the ocean, pulsing light, flickering like a flame—a hand lifted and touched, strangely gentle against his brow, like he remembered his mother doing when he’d been three, her stomach had just started pushing out her shirt a little—they hadn’t told him why yet… A virus, a fever and her hand had been so cool, brushing his hair back—
Dean ground his teeth; “—All that well… How—how long have we been,” He swallowed around the word; “Together?”
“Okay,” He lets his eyes close and doesn’t reach for Dean’s hand, which is more of a relief than if he’d wanted to full out cuddle right there in the front seat in broad daylight. He takes a deep breath and shields his eyes from the gray sunlight; “You better eat that pie before your mother sees it… You know how she is about dessert before dinner.”
Mary was in the kitchen, putting cups and plates in the dishwasher. “Back already?” She paused, lips curling up into a smile when she saw Cas and gave Dean a pointed look of relief; “Why don’t you lie down on the couch for a while… and Dean can help me with the dishes.”
She hesitated, watched him until he’d settled with his elbows on his knees, then shifted closer and formed her hand to his brow. “You sure you’re alright?”
The panic rises in Sam's voice, pushes it up half an octave; "Yeah, I can see that its blood, Dean, what the hell is it doing in here!"
“It wasn’t,” He finishes his drink, plops the magazine down where he was sitting, stands and goes for another bottle. “It was just a wish… I wished for Mom to live… Mom never died, we never went hunting and you and me just never—uh— You know.“
“Dean,” It wasn’t the tone, it was the fact his voice dropped half an octave and the look in his eye. Calm and cool and plainly matter of fact. “I’m not leaving.”
Dean nods, snorts; "Bitch," and watches the expression on Sam's face go from confident to kicked puppy in zero point two seconds.
He stepped back, hands on her arms and even though his fingers wrapped around them she still felt so big, so invincible; “You’re beautiful.”
Dean catches some mayo trying to escape his mouth and redirects it with the pad of his thumb; "When did we go to New York again?"
He's bent over a notebook furiously scribbling when Sam opens the door and slides into the passenger seat. He pulls it away from view, like a teenager hiding love letters and blinks at his brother with wide eyes. "Get outta the car."
"Relax... realx," Just a little slip and moving pressure. Didn't hurt, not so bad... brushing up and in; "You're beautiful, Dean..." lips on his, scratch and burn of stubble, the insistent push of a second finger, quickly followed by a third and he's being opened up, knows what's coming and isn't scared.
Dean wants to know what they did. Wants that memory more than anything because looking at his face he doesn't think he's ever seen himself more openly and perfectly ALIVE. He turns the page and there's Cas against hotel sheets, his cheeks, neck and chest are flushed and his lips are red and kiss bruised. There are beer bottles on the bedside table and in the floor and the corner of a pizza box. There is tension between his brows and his mouth is open, just a fraction, frozen eternally on inhale. He's shirtless and Dean can see his own fingers splayed on the pillow by Cas's head. He knows what the angle means, but he can't look away. Can't turn the page because he knows there aren't any more like this. There's just this one. Just himself and Cas caught in this intimate act and it's not weird. It's really not weird that his heart thumps hard in his chest and warmth slides down the length of his spine to pool low between his hips because that look on Cas's face is for him. JUST for him.
Sam noticed how his brother watched Eddy after they’d been there only thirty minutes, how he stole haunted looks at him and couldn’t seem to meet his eyes.
There was a doorway, open and leading into a hallway, dimly lit by some lamp or something left on in another room, glowing amber. The hardwood continued into and Dean could see the back of a chair and his jacket draped over it.
The apartment seems empty, cold. His phone rings twice but he doesn't answer it, instead he gets dressed, pulls on his jacket and leaves for a while. Goes to the library and combs through missing person's reports in the area for twenty-five years looking for the girl in white.
Castiel seemed unimpressed as they left the building, muttered something about poorly translated Arabic and rubbed the space between his eyebrows; “Do you have aspirin? I’m getting a headache.”
Sam looked at his hands, the bruises on his knuckles from struggling with the djinn were already fading. “Well, I’m glad we do… and I’m glad you dug yourself out, Dean. Most people wouldn’t have had the strength they would have just stayed—“
But Dean didn't hear him... His eyes were locked on the girl. The lifeless length of her hanging there, the soft puff of breath moving her dirty hair. "She didn't know where she was..."
Cas took his coffee black with four packets of sugar. He had oatmeal with cinnamon and brown sugar, sausage and two eggs—sunnysideup—and half a piece of toast.
Dean's eyes are wide and alight with purpose and pain. "Old wives' tale... if you're about to die in a dream you wake up-"
Dean wouldn't mind it if Cas wanted a photo of his dick, he'd be flattered, but they can work up to that. He hums in agreement and crosses his arms behind his head.
"You didn't pull my hair. You didn't..." His expression closes off and he looks down at his hands, flexes them against his beer and speaks carefully, "This nightmare you had. It wasn't just a nightmare, was it."
His breath caught in his throat and everything burned, pulsed, constricted painfully, so tight and hot and his vision blurred as he pulled back; unable to continue the contact, unable to continue inundating himself with the subtle citrus scent of her so close and so real because part of him just wanted to sink into nothing between her arms and weep.
It's so calm, so gentle seeming, looks at the girl passively as she whimpers and tries to flee, bloody feet slipping where she's barely touching the ground.
Cas puts his briefcase on the kitchen counter and tries to scowl. He toes off his shoes and shrugs out of his jacket, shuffles over with one hand behind his back and bends over Dean's shoulder, buries his nose in that Place below his ear and breathes deep, brushes it with the corner of his mouth and roughness of his chin.
He let out a breath between pursed lips, like a horse or something because the moment deserved some kind of recognition, a salute maybe and fished around a little more because he knew, civilian or not, there had to be some kind of pain reliever in here. He couldn’t find any aspirin, but there was a squat little bottle of no-name-brand ibuprofen with three pills in the bottom, two of which were broken. He shook the bottle, as if maybe one was just stuck in the rim out of his sight and popped the lid back on as he shut the trunk.
He goes out again, sucks it up and sends his mother flowers simply because he's always wanted to. It's almost eleven by the time he figures out where Cas works. He had to do some digging in desk drawers but he found it. He brings him a cheese burger and fries with a coke because that was what he'd been drinking in the picture on the boat.
Dean cleared his throat and poked at some crumbs on his plate with the tines of his fork. “Listen… Cas—“
Dean didn’t argue with that. He didn’t have a fork so he spent a few minutes sucking his fingers clean and trying to ignore the way Cas watched him between his fingers as he did it, dropped the container into the back and turned the key in the ignition. The drive back to his mother’s was quiet. Castiel didn’t ask about the djinn, he probably would, but he hadn’t yet. It stopped raining somewhere between the campus and home—Mom’s home… THE HOUSE and the sky cleared. Dean climbed out and watched as Cas oozed out as well, eyes squinted, face still a little pale.
What was this? This didn’t seem like anything he’d seen before, in movies or in porn and he’d watched a lot of both. How did someone DO relationships? They always seemed so complicated but this… this seemed like it might be easy. From what he’d discovered about Cas so far, he seemed like an OK kind of guy. Bossy and perhaps slightly voyeuristic, with his comments about Dean’s balls, his long slow looks and weirdly casual touches that rocked the Intimacy Richter Scale… Could he do that? Could he BE WITH a guy?
Sam's eyes bug and his teeth clench and he looks like a teapot about to explode, hisses in a breath and growls it out, grabs Dean by his coat and shakes him. "Do you feel that?" He smacks his palms up and down Dean's arms and chest, but Dean's mind is already spinning, he can see it in his eyes. "Feel this? I'm real. This is NOT an acid trip. I'm real and that thing is gonna come right down here and kill us for real. Now, PLEASE!"
Cas looks at his watch, back to his computer screen then to Dean. It's obvious he doesn't, but he saves his work and closes the program anyway; "Yeah, sure."
Dean takes one and watches with interest as Cas rolls over the back rest and onto the sofa, head and shoulders propped up against the far arm, legs thrown over Dean's lap.
Cas sends back a few minutes later; "Pick up some pears and grapes. I forgot to put those on the list."
Dean grinds his teeth, swallows with some difficulty and tries to keep his gait even. Tries to ignore everything his brother's just said but those pictures are back. That warmth in his chest he forced down is trying to swim back to the surface.
"You're the one whose gotta go back to work," I'm just the guy whose never had another guy touch him and yeah, I might be having a little bit of a freak out here... now. Maybe.
Books, yeah, books. He could read! Pictures too! Yeah, that sounded like a plan. He rubbed the stupid grin off his face, glancing at her over his shoulder; “Hey—Hey, uh—when I was young, was there ever a fire here?” He turned to her nervously and watched as she crossed her arms, rubbing a chill from them as she stepped close, curious and worried.
Dean looks up at him and Sam wonders what’s going through his head because that look, that look says clearly that it’s not… that maybe he made a mistake.
The grip around his throat was cold, stone like but he struggled anyway, light tilted up into electric blue eyes, staring at a face that was all too human under patterns like tattoos. The markings gave the djinn a sinister appearance even while its expression remained passive, indifferent. He was lifted bodily off the ground by his neck and thumped back against the wall hard enough to rattle his teeth—not enough to injure but enough to knock the breath out of him.
Below this are a few more of similar composition taken during dinner. Dean laughing with food in his mouth, Cas just looking at him, beer pressed to his lip, about to take a drink but unable to because he's smiling. Actually smiling. It's small but his eyes are lit up, they look too dark to distinguish their color in this image, but it doesn't matter.
They open up a register just for him, ask again if he doesn't want them to call someone and finally drop it when he says he'll be fine, really. Then he feels like an idiot when the cashier girl helps him put his groceries in the car and inadvertently sees the titty magazines he has in the trunk.
Cas leaned back in his seat and rubbed his forehead pensively; "I don't know... Four hundred... Keep it under four hundred, please... That'll leave us some wiggle room."
They ate ramen cooked on a one burner butane stove Dean had shoved under his seat. Sam joked cautiously, watched his brother work through a whole bottle of cheap whiskey and half a Gator Aid bottle of that rotgot shit they kept around because it was stronger than peroxide.
Cas hummed low in the back of his throat and pulled the last layer of Dean's clothes aside, eased him out and the air felt cool, maybe a little painful but in a way that could be no better.
Sam pulls roughly at his arm, is staring up at the second level where it disappeared and his words come out in a grating whisper; "Man, that thing could come back, alright?"
The funny taste could mean she was poisoned. Probably a date rape drug at a party, she wandered off, ran away from the kidnapper, but didn't make it.
Dean swallowed and pressed his tongue up into the roof of his mouth willing the pain away. He forced on a smile, fond, practiced—he’d smiled at hundreds of people like this before and it won them over every time. “Hey… Cas—Cas…” He swallowed again, still tasting something cloying and sweet on the back of his tongue, he squared his shoulders and cleared his throat, scrambling for something believable. “I—I just—uh.”
Dean swallowed with a measure of difficulty and started the engine. They drove in silence for a few minutes, Dean tapping out a rhythm on the steering wheel Cas just watching the scenery fly by.
Castiel looked at him and it took a few seconds of Dean staring at him and waiting for a response to realize that he was smiling. It was subtle, mostly in his eyes and yeah, OK. Cas is not that bad looking… In fact he’s kind of… kind of OK to look at.
It's nothing urgent, they can have sex if they want, or not. Cas rolls off and leans against Dean's side, holds up the camera and they look at the insanity they've just recorded, make comments and snap a few more.
That sickeningly sweet taste was back in his throat again, a weird throb in his head, tingling numbness in his fingertips, like he’d fallen asleep on his arm and cut off the circulation. He could hear water dripping. Not the steady soft pitterpat of the rain falling around him… Slow… deep… echoing—
Sam wondered if they could make a weapon out of Dean’s voice, maybe werewolves would start howling in pain of they heard him scratching his way through Garage Inc. or butchering Bon Scott.
“Uhm—“ He blinked, surprised, confused, “No… No, I don’t think they can ‘really do it’,” He licked his lips nervously; “You do understand these are mythic creatures.”
He doesn't think anything of it at first. Steps into the room and peers down at it from a distance. There's Cas... and there's Dean.
Dean had bacon, two eggs— scrambled—hash-browns and the other half of Cas’ toast when he pushed it over on a saucer.
Dean followed him with his eyes, gave his head a curious shake and fished out a five from his pocket, leaving it peeking from under his coffee cup. He made it to the register just as Cas was taking the Styrofoam container from the cashier, lips compressed politely. He turned and held it out, “About your important business… How can I help?”
Cas takes another picture of him, drowsy and grinning, sets the camera aside and lays there with the light on looking at him.
Dean looked at him evenly, still unsure why he’d let him tag along in the first place and watched as he rolled his head on his slim neck, lower lip between straight teeth, brows crooked—It was almost—
It's quiet for almost half an hour, Sam yawns a few times, checks his phone, switches position and stretches his legs one after the other into the corners of the foot well. He eyes the crumpled, crusty napkins in distaste and Dean grins to himself but doesn't say anything.
"Yeah, well you're gonna find out sooner or later..." He breathes out and shifts his hips against the car seat; "I needed a silver knife dipped in lamb's blood."
He types out a 'Do we really need it?' But realizes the stupidity of that question considering he had one finger in there earlier and feels like he's limping, he erases it.
Lips closed around one of his nipples and sucked hard, he pushed up into it, head dropping back; "Oh-That's nice..." He ground his teeth, tried to capture the white rabbit of his thoughts before it scurried off and sucked in a harsh breath; "Cas-Cas!"
He snatched up the clothes from the floor relieved his phone was still in his jeans pocket and left the bedroom as quickly as he could, stuck one leg through the denim then the other, yanked them up as he walked, leaned his shoulder against the wall as he pulled on his socks and shoes and pulled his phone from between his teeth, holding the power button down until it rebooted.
He shifted on his feet, wetted his lips again and pounded his fist on the door. When nothing happened he stabbed a finger at the bell, shielded his eyes and went on tiptoe to peer into the glass insert on the door, hopeful, afraid to hope. Wary because this could all be a trick. He could be waking up some stranger—
He had to know… Even if it hurt, even if it killed him inside, he had to know. “Let me ask you a question… When I was a kid—what’d you always tell me when you put me to bed?”
Sam's a few feet behind him, hands in his pockets, every so often he toes over a fallen box or nudges some soggy papers aside. He's unimpressed by this whole experience. "See, there's nothing here, Dean."
It's not hard to talk the butcher into it. Guy's unloading a truck of fresh meat for the coming morning with his son. Dean says it's some exotic European blood sausage thing. The Butcher doesn't ask any questions, takes the twenty Dean slips him and continues with his truck.
"What if I'm like her?" That spike of pain is twisting farther and farther back into his head, he can't look away, can't blink, can't breathe- "What if I'm tied up in here someplace?" His heart is beating too quickly, too hard against his ribs, punches his breaths out before they do any good, "What if all this is in my head?"
His throat closed on a noise, a whine or groan or something equally embarrassing and his hands clamped on Cas's suit jacket in an effort to hold everything in. Wow, okay. That was new, made his scalp tingle and his eyes roll back in his head.
The knob of his throat bobbed up and down again, Castiel’s brows pinched together.  “You were in an accident… I pulled you out.”
Sam snores, dropped off like a baby in a carriage and Dean shines a flashlight into the slit of one eye to wake him.
Fumbling in Cas's bedside drawer and Dean glances that way, sees a tube and a foil packet-Focuses on the ceiling, swallows the excited-scared-jackrabbit of his heart.
There are more pictures. Cas in Times Square pointing to the Virgin Records sign. Dean perusing CDs and records. Cas standing beside the Janis Joplin wax replica in a museum looking a little nervous... What was it? Dean knew this, there was supposedly a haunting there. Madam Tu-tu? Something like that.
She moved closer to him so their faces were inches apart and continued, “You know Carmen was the one who told me not to give you any money.” She put her hand loosely around his wrist, avoiding his scabbed hands. “I want to though.”
“Alright then,” Crowley said, standing up. Dean stood up too and let Crowley usher him out the office door.
Was he sick? Dean wondered. On some level he knew that he wasn't behaving normally. Carmen was right. Normal people didn’t eat raw beets like apples, or only round things. Normal people worried when they lost their jobs. But he didn’t feel sick. Cas was right. He was happy. Carmen didn’t seem part of that. He remembered times in the past when he thought he was happy with her, all that stoned fooling around in high school; tumbling into the courthouse, boozy, in their second-hand wedding clothes and saying “I do”; sleeping in the bed they owned in the house they owned for the first time. It had sort of seemed like happiness, like the best they could possibly do. No one was hurting them. They were safe and doing what normal people were supposed to do, living the dream. Weren’t they? None of it seemed real now. The dirt under that concrete seemed real. The cool condensation on the glass in his hand seemed real. And Cas. What he felt for Cas seemed real.
“How you doin’ Benny?” Dean asked. Aside from his work crew, Benny was his best buddy. The first time Carmen had asked if they could all go out on a double-date together, Dean had balked, but she convinced him, and once they were into their second beer, talking cars and dope, he and Benny already had an easy camaraderie with one another. Dean especially liked the smooth Cajun drawl of the big man’s voice, and sometimes when they were both stoned and alone, he felt like crawling up into the big guy’s lap, but he never got any indication Benny was up for that. Dean knew he should feel guilty about fucking the guy’s wife, but Benny should have known when he married someone who dressed like that and flirted with anyone with a dick that the chances of faithfulness were slim. Hell, maybe he did know.
“Is Castiel here?” she asked, looking past him into the house. He couldn’t tell if she wanted him to be or not.
Meg turned around and leaned back on the desk, her lips twisting into a sardonic smile. “Crowley said people were taking advantage. What’s going on, Dean?”
“I turned twenty last week,” Cas said as he stood and pulled his shorts and underwear off before sinking down to his knees between Dean’s spread legs.
“Do you need a shower?” Dean asked. “Cause the bathroom out here only has a john and a sink,” he added pointing a thumb at the tiny hallway bathroom.
That night as Dean poked at the meatloaf on his plate, trying not to look at the ground muscle fibers and specks of fat, Carmen said, “Do you feel up to going to work tomorrow? Crowley called me. He said you weren’t answering your phone and he’d hire someone new if you were out much longer.” She shook her head. “What an asshole.”
“Sorry!” Carmen cried. “I’m just not used to driving it. You know how it is when you’re used to your own car.”
Dean yanked his hands back. “Just stay the fuck away from me, alright?” As he stormed out the door, he knew their little affair was over, and if it weren’t for the fact that he still had no way to get Baby back, he would have been relieved. He suspected Carmen had preempted him and told Amara behind his back not to lend him the money. Now he was furious at both women, and he didn’t even have his car to go to one of the bars across town for a hook-up. As he got on the stupid bus and walked past a disheveled guy sleeping across three seats, it was like a glowing ball of fury had grown in Dean’s core. Something in him was going to explode.
Sam stuttered a bit at Cas’s blunt question before spitting out, “Well, yeah, dude, I mean, Dean’s dealing with a lot right now, y’know, legally, financially...um maybe with his...um,” Sam gestured at his head, but then seemed to think better of it and gestured to his whole body, “...health. I’m just trying to figure out how you fit into all of that.”
Cas’s eyes brightened. “Oh, I’m enamored with the wide variety of plants. It’s very fulfilling to care for them.” Then he frowned a bit. “I’m not overly fond of operating the cash register though, which I sometimes have to do when we’re understaffed.”
Cas nodded again. “Yes, she’s very much still under Chuck’s sway. She won’t talk to me since I left.”
“Beautiful,” Cas answered, taking a step closer. “I’d kiss you if you weren’t married to my sister.”
Currently he was court-ordered not to go anywhere besides work, the grocery store, and the parole office, so even though it was his day off, he fired up Baby and cruised along the reservoir on the frontage road that ran a straight line past the power station and warehouses toward Crowley’s. The road was usually empty enough that he could open her up and feel the full power of Baby’s engine. He knew the road and his Baby so well that sometimes he closed his eyes for a while and just felt her guide him where he needed to go. If Dean could spend all of his time cruising blind with Baby, he’d be a happy man.
“Carmen is here with Amara,” Cas whispered sharply, looking more flustered than Dean had ever seen him.
Eventually Dean rolled Cas off of himself, removed and tied off the condom, and took it into the bathroom to discard. He came back with a wet washcloth and cleaned them both as best he could before pulling the covers over both of them. Cas snuggled up to him in what was becoming their preferred sleeping position, face to face as close as possible. During the night they would get overheated and separate, but they liked to fall asleep holding on tight.
“Mr. Dean!” Benny called, setting a paper bag, undoubtedly filled with beer, on the kitchen counter.
“Gah, your asshole’s like a fucking vice,” Dean rasped out, unable to stop himself from thrusting upward each time Cas slammed down, his balls slapping against Dean’s pelvis.
Carmen was speechless for a moment, clearly not expecting that response and braced for a fight. “Um, I’m still at Amara and Benny’s. We all cried it out and everything.” She sniffed and averted her eyes. “Bonded over being mad at you.”
Cas pulled Dean tighter into his side and tucked the blankets more closely around them. “Yes, Dean,” he reassured, stroking Dean’s hair. “I have tomorrow off work. I’ll be with you all day and night.”
Several months after Dean had left and Carmen had sold the house, he and Cas were in the grocery store and Cas suddenly grabbed Dean’s upper arm and yanked him into the paper goods aisle.
She wrenched her wrist out of his grip, her face twisting up as if she was going to cry, but no tears fell. “Whatever, Dean,” she said, her face going back to neutral, her fury gone. “I guess we should split up then.”
“Dean, they said your test was normal so we could go home as soon as you woke up.” She glanced around nervously as if someone was going to come in and drag them out if they didn’t get going immediately. As she helped him sit up and put his arms into his shirt, she said, “Shit, I feel like they’re billing us by the minute.”
“Yeah, I know,” he agreed. “I feel bad about Carmen, but y’know, I’m pretty sure she’s not in love with me anymore.” He paused for a moment to think. “I mean, to tell you the truth, I’m not sure we were ever in love. It was more like we were just comfortable, y’know?” Dean hadn’t been conscious of that thought until now, but it was true. Each of them had been what the other needed at the time, a lifeline out of their crappy home lives, but it was never some great love affair. “I hope she can forgive us one day,” he added, “but yeah, she’s pretty pissed.”
The nurse taped some kind of bandage to his forehead and then wrapped his head a few times with another bandage. He figured he had a pretty big gash there from the feel of it. Under the pain, it felt like something was held tightly together. Stitches, he thought. The strange thing was that it felt like the stitches were holding something in that wanted to get out, like a beam of light or something.
He paused and pondered the question. How did he feel? His senses felt a bit assaulted, the pain in his head rising, but he felt peaceful nonetheless. “Well, I’m happy to be alive,” he realized as he said it.
Dean had assembled the smoothed out, interlocking pieces of concrete into an asymmetrical pedestal topped by a wide basin which looked both rough-hewn and modern. He had used some of the leftover lichen-colored paint from when he’d painted the house two years ago and some sandpaper to give it a distressed look. He was pretty pleased with the result. There were even a couple of sparrows perched on it taking a drink. “Thanks, Sam,” he said.
She handed her purse over without a word, which made him reconsider his earlier assessment of her being a bitch. As she returned to what she’d been doing, he dug out a five and helped himself to one of her smokes. “Thanks, Meg,” he said, still not sure what to do about the six hundred dollars.
Cas opened his mouth as if he was going to ask something, but then closed it. He probably had all sorts of questions, but Dean was glad he seemed to have decided to keep them to himself for the time being.
“At the car,” Garth said. “We have to be able to see the car.” Dean had never thought of Baby as an “it.”
Cas shrugged. “Well, it can look like that. It comes from a cactus. You can eat it fresh, dried, or grind it up into powder when it’s dried. If you put the powder into capsules like this, you don’t have to taste it like in a tea or something.” He scrunched up his face to indicate that such a tea would taste awful. “It’s considered endangered, but you can find some in south Texas. That’s where the ashram is. I stole these from Chuck before I left,” he said with a smile.
“Love you too,” he automatically answered, barely glancing up. She had her purse and looked like she was going somewhere, probably the grocery store. Cas didn’t eat a whole lot, but it was definitely making a dent. They did not have money to spare.
“See, this is a working house,” Dean continued, starting to pace. “People in this house work for a living.” He stopped in his tracks upon seeing Cas nod his head. “Yeah, don’t just nod your head at me, ok?” he said, his irritation growing. “You’re eating bacon because somebody worked to put it there.” Dean didn’t know why he was so pissed off at the kid. He’d only been there a short time and he hadn’t been much trouble. He just didn’t like freeloaders. Dean had been working since he was ten years old in some capacity or another, since four if you counted taking care of Sammy as work. His whole life had centered around making enough money to survive, and here he was, finally in his own house, and this kid, this annoyingly attractive man-boy, had the nerve to squat there.
Such a punishment would have devastated Dean in the past, but it all sounded fine by him now. He’d have to get to know the bus routes a lot better. “No, your Honor,” he answered meekly.
Dean cringed at that. Hurting anyone was the last thing he wanted to do. He hadn’t thought of much except the present moment since the accident, but his mind was all of a sudden awash in all of the pain he had experienced in his life--the fire and his mother’s death; all the times his dad had backhanded or kicked him, or worse, verbally berated him or ignored him; the rough use he’d endured by cruel men when he had been so desperate for money he’d do anything; the shame he’d felt when teachers and school principals had seen him only as a problem; the devastation he felt when Sam left him behind. He felt wetness on his face.
