Steve hadn’t forced him into anything, hadn’t acted like the alpha that he assumed he was, had let him do what he wanted, and then, let him run away when he understood what he was doing.
Steve tells her about how it felt like something died inside him, his voice pitched low, a bleak, hard look in his eyes, as he says,
“So, you lied to me about some fucking emergency at Stark Industries to go and play terrorist with your assassin boyfriend,” Steve says, coldly. “You lied to me and left the kids with you so that you could go for a fucking booty call. And you have the fucking nerve to accuse me of being a shitty father, when you’re the one who stood there and smiled at the twins and
Steve’s lower lip quivers, and he curls a hand around the nape of James’ neck, pressing his mouth to James’ quickly, just for a brief moment. He pulls away and turns to Tony, who’s watching them almost clinically from the other end of the bed.
“Never,” Steve growls, his mouth pulled away to show his sharp teeth. “Never, Tony. Tony, you’re everything to me. I’m still… fuck, I look at you and I still find you one of the most handsome, most beautiful people that I have ever met. I am still insanely attracted to you, Tony, and I would… God, if you want me to, I will fuck you on the floor to show you just how much you turn me on.”
The three burly-looking men begin to wander around the bar, peering around, presumably to ensure that they are alone.
“I’m approaching my heat,” he says, bluntly. “As in, it’s going to hit in the next twelve hours. I was in town, and I saw that your show was here, and I was wondering, and only if you want to, if you would like to share my heat with me?”
Warnings for this chapter: use of gendered slurs by Tony against Natasha (which is not okay, even if Tony think that she and his husband are screwing), mild sexual content, low self-esteem.
that they love you. I know that they want the four of us to be a family, and yeah, they want to marry me, but I won’t do anything if you don’t want me to. I meant what I said earlier, baby. I don’t love anyone more than I love you. You are the most important person in my life, and you always will be.”
Tony shrugs. “There are worse things to be, and we’re in love. Besides, I think you need to stop thinking these things in binary terms.”
Steve, on the other hand, is uber-excited, and he corners Tony in their kitchen, after Tony sends Scott and Natasha away.
Instead, they’re in love with each other, and he gets a neat little knife in his ribs for all of his trouble.
The album tracks Steve through the ages, from newborn to proper baby to toddler to a pre-schooler. Tony and Natasha and Pepper feature in the photos every now and then, along with their friends Bucky and Rhodey, who moved away when they were in elementary school because their parents got jobs elsewhere.
“Thank God for small mercies,” Tony retorts, grinning. “I love you,” he says, softly. “Thank you for fighting with me.”
“So, every time you said that you had to go for a conference or had a late-night meeting or a lot of paperwork that you had to deal with, you weren’t
Tony rounds on him, his hand on his hip. “Okay, did you just call me Mr Big Brain and then expect me to take you seriously after that?” he asks, quietly.
His hands are linked with Peter’s and Maushmi’s, and when he looks down, he finds Peter glaring up at him.
“Who?” Steve demands, his face hardening into a mask of anger. “Who was in the house? Who wanted the kids?”
Tony draws back from the window, sharply, swallowing in fear, which is bright and sharp in his chest. He looks behind him for help.
“You were bartending in Bangalore. Something tells me that you’re weren’t particularly interested in how this war ended up until it came to your doorstep.”
He lingers behind the curtain, behind the spectacle that his sire makes, bright lights and bright eyes and the white man in awe, designing and building and creating the things that keep their troops safe, mouthing to himself the words that his sire says that makes the crowd fall in love with them.
Tony’s fingers fumble over the remote, and instead of switching off the television, he changes the channel, which results in some old, hazy war movie playing, with machine guns, hand grenades, bearcats and loud military cries at top volume.
She doesn’t blame them, thankfully, but she does address the elephants in the closet, the bleeding, bruised parts of themselves that they don’t want to acknowledge but she hears very clearly.
Summary: In 1939, Tony Stark's bar in Bangalore goes up in flames when his ex-lover, Steve Rogers, comes looking for an artefact that belonged to his father, and before he knows what is happening, he finds himself joining forces with Steve to foil a Nazi plot to find the fabled Syamantaka Gem, rumoured to ensure that its bearer would never encounter any calamities and would always be full of prosperity and plenitude, before they can use the gem's unbelievable powers to turn the tide of the war in Hitler's favour.
“That’s… that’s not…” Steve trails off and collapses onto the couch, breathing hard, breathing like it’s paining him.
Tony lingers in the doorway, turning around. “Why?” he asks, quietly. “Why do you not want me to go? Why do you want me to stay? What
Thank you to everyone's support, and honestly, I didn't expect everyone would like it as much as they appeared to have, but I'm not whinging about that at all!
Steve rakes his eyes over Tony, from head to toe, and he licks his lips. “You’re… you are so beautiful,” he murmurs.
“It was okay. The kids had their parade,” Tony says, almost absentmindedly. “They looked so cute. I took plenty of photos. We can take a look at it later, if you want.”
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Steve sobs, his voice harsh and ugly like there’s something scraping against the insides of his throat. “I’m so fucking sorry.”
He looks around, seeing that the submarine had parked itself in front of the mouth of a wide cove completely ringed by tall white rock cliffs. Suddenly, the submarine begins to move again, headed directly toward the center of the cliffs. Tony holds on, mystified, alert. When the cliffs are very close, the sub begins to dive.
“I don’t want to, uh, I don’t want to leave. I don’t want to stop looking at them,” Tony says, his skin prickling.
The wind is roaring in his face, and his hands feel alarmingly sweaty, as they grip onto the edge of the window, a part of him thinking and believing that he’s about to let go and tumble to the ground and crack his skull on the pavement.
“Couldn't get back to sleep at all,” she sings, echoing the words Tony had said the day before. “What did
Tony pads down the stairs towards the kitchen, where he can hear the noise coming from him, the twins chattering in their high, thin voices and Steve interjecting the appropriate responses every now and then.
, James. I knew what I was getting into, helping you, falling in love with you. I knew what it meant. I knew it meant I was making enemies, enemies worse than the ones I’d make as the son of the CEO of Stark Industries or the CEO of Stark Industries in my own right. I knew it would mean that I would be in constant danger by helping you, not just from HYDRA, but from the government too if they realised that I was helping
“Bullshit,” he finally rasps. “Those conferences were bullshit. He’s been sneaking away with her, and I know it, I just…” he trails off. “And she started to make more of an appearance in my life. She even showed up at my house with take-out because Steve was too
He’d resented it at the time, resented their fun and their play, when all he could do is cough and sneeze and feel his lungs swelling up with fluid in his chest and wait to die.
James glides back out, a new fervour in his blood, and then, shoves back in, fucks him stupid and through the mattress, as he’s fucked back and forth between Steve and Tony. Steve eases into his, cursing against James’ shoulder at what Tony remembers is a tight fit, even around his fingers.
There’s a loud smack, and suddenly, the weight is being ripped off him. The hands release him suddenly, and his body slides down the wall. He ends up on the cold, hard ground, still blessedly clothed, arms wrapped around his knees, watching as Agent Carter descends on his assailants, a snarl on her red mouth and a metal staff in her hand.
Steve flushes. “Yeah, you’re right.” He looks at Tony, running his knuckles over his cheek. “I’m sorry. I ruined tonight, didn’t I?”
“No offence, but if you were pinning him as a mark from that night itself, you wouldn’t have jumped into the fray with a broken beer bottle.”
“I see you’re breaking in the candidates. That’s good.” He turns to Hodge, unimpressed. “You. Get over there in that line and stand at attention until somebody tells you what to do.”
Bullets suddenly clang against the outside of the car, whizzing inches over their heads, and Tony peers over the rim of the cart, seeing a man dressed up as a peasant by a fishing boat, white as anyone could ever be, his hands on a machine gun.
Tony turns his head so sharp that he fears he may have done something irrevocable to his muscles. “What?” he asks, his voice sliding high.
“Listen to me,” Steve begs, his hands closing around Tony’s cheeks. “Listen, if the Nazis get this gem, they’ll ship it straight back to Berlin for Hitler. This guy, this guy is already killing people, Tony. He’s killing people because they have the audacity to be different from him, because they’re Jewish, because they’re black, because they’re gay, because they’re Roma, or because they’re disabled because they’re not white Christians with blonde hair and blue eyes. We have to stand up; we have to say no. If he gets this gem, who knows what he could do, all the people he could hurt. And that’s just assuming that the Nazis that find the gem are going to give it over to him. They might just keep it for themselves, and they could be worse. India could be Ground Zero for these bastards. Is that really what you what?”
“Well, you’re both idiots. Clearly,” Fury sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Okay, you two should get the hell out of here so that I can tell the others that we won’t be able to use the gym on the Nazis.” He purses his lips thin. “Between the three of us, I wasn’t so stoked on using the thing either. Seemed more trouble than it’s worth.”
She stretches out her hand, approaching him like he’s a skittish deer, and he takes her hand, allowing her to pull him to his feet.
“Yes,” Tony says, relieved. “Yes, of course, Caroline, sorry. I guess I’m just having one of those mornings.”
“Hm, maybe, she just likes you. You know, a lot of people do find me objectionable,” Tony teases, half-heartedly.
“Maybe you should make me, dude,” the frat boy shot back, with a slurred, happy laugh like he thought he’d gotten one-up over Steve.
Again, though, Tony seemed to sense his thoughts, because he wordlessly reached for the faded blanket that they kept thrown haphazardly over the armrest and then pulled it off, spreading it out and throwing it across him and Steve. He carefully tucked the folds in around Steve’s body, making sure he was appropriately covered with warmth, before finally settling back down and letting his head drop forward and tuck itself just under Steve’s chin. “Want me to tell you about some of the new Iron Man schematics I’ve been working on recently?” he asked easily, his voice soft and quiet.
“I’m hungry,” Bruce complained, turning to Natasha and then resting his chin on her shoulder, “did you steal any candy for me?”
“Why did you stay?” He found his mouth blurting before his brain could stop him, and he watched as Tony’s face fell, turned into something that reminded Steve horribly of shame as he looked away, down at his lap. He wanted to take it back as soon as he’d said it- Tony didn’t need that, not now. But it was already out there, the big question that had been plaguing Steve’s mind ever since he’d come out of his stupid trance. "Why...after all that I did. Why didn't you just walk away?"
“Wasn’t your fault, you know.” And clearly Tony could see the guilt on his face, because he stepped further into the room until he was at the same couch where Steve was curled, and then perched himself delicately on the armrest. “He’s a God. He messed with all of us, created Diversions. We’ll get him. Next time he comes, we’ll get him.”
Steve shot up again in an instinctive response to the sound of that voice. He felt his heart hammer a few times faster as he laid eyes on Tony, bandaged and battered and wonderfully alive.
Tony looked up at him. His hands still shook against Steve’s side. He could still taste the mud in the back of his throat.
Come on, big guy, I know it's been a long day for you, but we're trying our best here. Steve's even gone to get you some food! Yummy bananas, you'll love them, right?"
“Yeah,” Tony nodded from the bed and swallowed, “yeah, I know. But. But come back, okay? Please? Promise you’re gonna come back. He’s not someone you can afford to underestimate, and I can’t—"
Unable to help himself, Steve glanced at his watch again. A tiny flicker of a smile passed over his face as an idea popped into his head, and when he looked up, he made sure to school his face into the saddest look he could manage.
Steve did, and with one easy motion, he was stood up with Tony held up in his sturdy grip and making his way over to the stairs. Tony could hardly believe that about fifteen minutes ago he’d been convinced Steve would never even want to talk to him again, and now… well. They were going upstairs. To have sex. Were Tony not so busy sucking on Steve’s tongue, he might have cheered. This day had definitely been a rollercoaster, but it seemed to be ending on a high at the very least.
“Hey,” Tony said, voice going quieter as his left hand batted Steve’s fingers away from where they were fiddling with his bangs, “ I think it’s cute,” he admitted with a little shrug, like he knew exactly what Steve was thinking. His hand lingered an inch from Steve’s face, before it brushed tentatively across, sweeping the mess of hair from out of his eyes.
“Sorry you had to meet me,” Tony whispered, gaze dropping. “You would’ve been so much better without… God,
Tony laughed a little nervously, and Steve felt his fingers flex against his stomach. “You sure? What do you think she would’ve said about us, huh? ‘What the hell are you doing, Steve,  running around with a boy like him?’”
Tony was cut off as Steve laid his hand across Tony’s moving mouth, effectively silencing the fast-derailing thought process. He couldn’t help but chuckle a little as he watched Tony just stand there, Steve’s hand over his mouth, not knowing quite what to do.
Right. The same Howard who liked to use Tony as a makeshift punching bag whenever he felt like it. Yeah, okay, so maybe Steve would be better keeping his mouth shut, then. He didn’t want to risk that.
Tony frowned again, confused- like he didn’t understand the angle Steve was coming from. Maybe Steve had overstepped. Maybe Tony just wasn’t used to people being that genuine with him.
“Nuh uh- let’s veto that,” Tony said with a jerky shake of his head, unwilling to let go of Steve, even for a second. He wound his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him down again, standing on his tiptoes and leaning against Steve’s body as they kissed.
He didn’t speed up, look around or hold the trolley too tight as he wheeled it along. All of those would be things that could give him away, and contrary to what Tony might try and say, Steve could play the part when he needed to. And right now, he really,
“So I’ve been toying with this new method of storing kinetic energy, a little bit like T’challa’s suit design, you know?” Tony began quietly, and Steve nodded in confirmation, his tired mind throwing up fuzzy images of the Iron Man suit in response to the words. “It’d be really useful when it comes to absorbing large impacts, because usually that just ends up reverberating all over my frail old man bones, which no one likes-”
But Natasha blocked the doorway, her face suddenly hard and sharp. He made to move her, but she slapped his hand away forcefully and shoved him backward. “The transmission might have broken, Steve, but we haven’t done enough tests to know whether its effects are gone for good. I’m sorry, but until we’re certain that you’re back to normal, you’re not going anywhere near him.”
Steve just looked at him blankly. “I don’t think I’m gonna be getting much sleep tonight, whether I’m in a bed or not,” he told Thor, before adding on, “I can see you’re tired though. You go to sleep, buddy. I’ll wake you if I need anything.”
. It drove Tony mad, watching how Steve treated himself. Like just because his body could heal meant that it wasn’t important to try and protect. It seemed SHIELD and everyone else thought that too- to them, he was just an asset. A soldier to do their dirty work. Before Tony had come onto the scene, they were sending Steve into some quite frankly shocking situations, and worse, Steve had gone willingly, because he thought that it was his duty. That the human rights laws and Geneva fucking Conventions just didn’t apply to him because he was enhanced. It made Tony’s skin crawl.
“I can’t do this,” Steve pursed his lips and stumbled to his feet with a shake of his head, “I’m sorry, I can’t – it’s all my fault—”
“Probably, but if it was at any point before midday then you know for sure that I will absolutely not have stored it in my memory,” Clint said, and there was a huff down the line as he undoubtedly took out another guard, “tell him to come back immediately. I don’t like this guy. He’s too jumpy.”
The reaction in the room was palpable. All five Avengers shifted instinctively, knees bending and eyes turning to the two men in front of them. Bruce swore and Steve tugged Tony behind him, while Natasha slid in smoothly and took his place at the front.
Above him, Tony paused for a second and then leaned back, head turning to the ceiling as he huffed. “
His teacher looked at him for a moment, before rolling her eyes and then waving a hand. “Anyone else, then?”
“And I mean, I work,” Sam said with a shrug, “but I don’t really need the money right now, so he could just—”
“Only if they had it coming.” Tony winked and then breathed out, shaky and full of life in a way that Steve hadn’t seen since the night he’d kissed him again, after all that time. “Are you really sure about this?” He asked, his hand slipping back over Steve’s chest again.
He got to his feet quickly. “DUM-E,” he called out urgently, “DUM-E, come here boy, Tony’s working, he doesn’t- Tony, watch out, he’s heading for the-”
Thor made an apologetic face, until the moment his eyes caught on the box in Steve’s hand and all pretences of sorrow were immediately replaced with lustful desire. “You went to Dunkin Donuts,” he exclaimed.
Thor patted his shoulder and then gestured to a chair. “Would you like to sit down?” He asked softly.
But the boy just looked mildly surprised. He shrugged after his initial pause, looking out of the window. "I guess you're right," came his softer response.
so that he doesn’t end up being excluded again, so Thor, if you wouldn’t mind.” He gestured to Steve and then raised an eyebrow expectantly.
He couldn’t remember exactly what he’d said to them all. But he remembered the way that they’d all looked at him when he had. Jesus- if he wasn’t so knocked up on morphine and totally aware that he’d wake the whole team up as soon as he moved, he’d have already started running by now. But, with that option currently unavailable, he knew there was only one other option, and that was to just deal with the fallout.
“Oh, because you’re some sort of medical fucking expert, right,” Steve snapped dangerously, but Loki just looked at him blankly and then cocked an eyebrow, the piercing running through it glinting under the kitchen light.
Everyone froze, and Natasha raised her hands. "Well it's not mine," she told them all drily. "Any of you remember who you were banging nine months ago?"
Steve just smiled at him fondly and then leaned forward, kissing the gray strands at his temples. He calmly ignored the strange tightness that suddenly pulled on his chest, just for a second before fading away again. It had been happening intermittently ever since he’d woken back up, but Steve figured it would probably stop soon, and he didn’t want to make anyone (Tony) worry anymore. “Next time I’ll try keep my hands to myself,” he said, “that alright with you, Mr. Stark?”
He swallowed down the bile that was pushing its way up his throat and then walked into the harsh white lights and antiseptic environment of the hospital, walking the route toward Tony’s quarters. He knew where it was, Natasha had told him in case he wanted to visit. People stared at him as he rushed through the corridors, probably recognising his face, but again, he didn’t care. Not for any of them.
“Clingy,” Steve muttered as he trailed his fingers up the knobbles of Tony’s spine and down again, a soft smile on his face. Tony leaned down and captured his mouth in an easy kiss, tasting like toothpaste. “I love you. I’ll be back before you know it. I’m sure it’s all gonna be boring as hell, just like you said.”
A pair of hands pulled Steve’s away from the buckles he was working on, and in only a few seconds, he felt the release as Tony undid them. After that, he tugged it off Steve’s head entirely; leaving Steve blinking in the streetlight. His hair probably looked as if he’d been dragged across a football field.
Steve completely ignored him, however, simply choosing to advance until he was merely a few feet away. Tony cursed and knocked his suitcase into Steve’s shins, stumbling backward at the same time- but Steve barely even noticed it, merely kicking it to the side with such force that the thing concaved in on itself,
"Phone, Steve," she said sharply, flexing her fingers. Goddamn it. Steve groaned, putting his phone in her stupid hand and then letting his head fall onto the desk.
Steve laughed, and for a moment Tony looked hurt, but then Steve just shook his head and pressed his hand into the side of Tony’s face. “Tony, darling, of
“Tell him yourself,” Natasha said firmly, “we’ll be out of here in a few more hours, I’m sure of it. We just have to sit tight and wait.”
Feeling a little like he'd just had the rug swept out from underneath him, he huffed, shaking his head and looking back at Tony who just stared impassively back. He thought he saw something flash behind that blue- but it was gone a moment later, and who even cared anyway? Tony had made his stance very fucking clear.
Tony looked down and then lifted his legs, hoisting them onto the dash. “Hey, at least I’ve got underwear on this time.” He was still in the pyjamas he’d been wearing that morning, having refused to leave bed when Steve asked him to, and so the little Iron Man helmets of his boxer-briefs smiled up at him. “That’s more than could be said for our trip to Italy last year.”
bad. I betrayed your trust and used your kindness against you. And in the end, it was all for nothing anyway. SHIELD was the one I should have been fighting. I always thought that you were too good to be… but it doesn’t matter what I thought, I guess. It’s what I did that counts. And what I did was fucking unforgiveable.” Steve could feel his eyes stinging and he looked away, over to the nearby wall. He didn’t want Tony to feel obligated to pity him. “I let you down. And I hurt you. And I know… I know it doesn’t mean anything, it won’t make any of this better, but I just need you to know, okay, the things I said that night. They were all true. I was fighting a battle with myself, because I was told you were—you were
“Well,” Steve shrugged as nonchalantly picking at a seam in his bedsheet and biting his lip, “you know… I’m pretty sure I’m in a relationship with Tony Stark now, so-“
Steve saw Tony in the hospital with Sam when he woke up after all of it, gently bobbing his head to Marvin Gaye as it played tinnily through Sam’s phone, and he knew he had to tell him. But then Tony kissed him, frantic and gentle, his fingers combing through Steve’s hair and his eyes observing every cut and bruise as he asked Steve how he was doing, whether he needed anything, and it was clear he was immensely distressed. Steve didn’t want to add to that. It wasn’t the right time, Sam was there… he couldn’t.
"Yeah," he muttered after a long silence, looking away. "Peter's smart, but he's also very good at being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Zeke was hanging around with his friends after school a week ago- they spotted him when he was coming out of a club. Obviously terrified the fucking kid- and I heard from him this morning that they've been keeping him for hours after school to do all their homework for them. Fucking
“Oh,” was all Tony said, before clicking his mouth shut and then taking a tentative step over the threshold.
He tried not to glare at his best friend. Refused to let him know he may just have hit on (small, very small, barely even visible, really) nerve there. Just nodded and then looked away, grabbing the ice cream before he could say anything more.
“Steve,” Tony said his name on a thick tongue, hand clenching at his side as he restrained himself from naturally reaching out to comfort him, “this has been going on for a while now. I know you’ve been trying to hide it. But you can’t stop me from noticing how my own powers get stronger whenever I touch you now. You’re getting ill. I… I’m killing you, my powers- they’re draining the life out of y-”
“It didn’t,” Tony reassured him gently, nudging his head upward and bumping it into Steve’s chin a little, “and I know that you must have been scared. I know I would have been too. I’ll do my best to call ahead in future if something like that happens. But you know the nature of our jobs, Steve. I can’t promise you that I’m going to be safe-“
“Hey hey hey hey,” there were suddenly hands on his shoulders, pushing him back, and Steve was about to lash out before realising it was only Sam. “Let’s just calm it. Call it a night, huh? We can get the bus home- Rhodey gave you some money, didn’t he? I think we all just need to cool off. You can speak to Bucky in the morning.”
Steve wrapped his arms a little tighter around Tony’s waist, but upon feeling the squirm of discomfort Tony desperately attempted to mask, he released immediately, pulling his arms back so they were resting lightly against Tony’s hips and looking upward in concern. “Are you hurt?”
He knew- some part of what was left of his rational mind- that he was going through a severe PTSD attack, and it was horribly dangerous to keep Tony near when he was like this. But he couldn’t let go. He didn’t know what was real and what was a memory any more, and if he lost Tony’s warmth, the ice that had set in his bones might consume him entirely. He had to hold on. He
Tony quirked an eyebrow. “Sweetheart, I love you, but my reputation will take a very steep nosedive if the entirety of SHIELD sees me being carted around by y-
“I think he finds it soothing,” Thor commented, looking between Peter and Tony, “it was the only thing that made him stop crying.”
“I’m looking at your nose. It’s still crooked from when you got punched by Thunderball. You think you’re gonna have an ugly nose forever now? Because I might have to break up with you if that’s the case.”
Her face twisted and she gripped tight to the edge of the tub. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. This
Tony eyed him for a moment, worrying his lip underneath his front teeth as he mulled it over. “Definitely good wifi?” He asked quietly, and Steve smiled in triumph as he nodded and sat up, rolling off Tony’s side in order to land on the floor and pull out their suitcases from under the bed.
“Hey,” Steve soothed, and more shuffling sounds filled the room, “you got nothing to be sorry for, Shellhead. Do you want a towel? Your hair seems kinda wet.”
, that made them extra appealing and good at that sort of stuff. Steve’s first time had been with a goddamn
He felt the weight distribution shift on the bed as she leaned forward and rested her head on the heels of her palms. “Bucky’s known you since you two were babies,” she started, voice soft, “longer than I have. Longer than anyone has. Let’s be honest here, you’re pretty much brothers at this point. And he treated your mom as his own, too. You know what his own parents are like; barely ever there, and when they are they don’t give a shit about him. So your mom, you know- she was pretty much family to him. Me- well, I had my parents there all the time, and then there was all that faff about me moving back to England, and- I don’t know, I guess I just never got the chance to become as close to her as Bucky did. I loved her to bits, obviously- but it was in a different way.”
“Uhhhhh,” Tony felt his cheeks heat, but hell, he’d already blurted out half of his deepest secrets to the team in a concussion-fuelled haze, he may as well just let this one out. “I daydream a lot about holding your hand. About running my fingers through your hair. I wish I could wake up with you all the time. You make me happy in a way that no one else can. I… there’s nothing that I wouldn’t do to see you smile? That’s – uh, that’s what it is, really.”
“Steve’s gonna come find you soon, Tony,” she said easily, smiling at him as she stroked his hand, “just think about Steve, okay? What’s his favourite colour?”
Wordlessly, Steve clutched the sleeves of Tony’s jacket and got to his feet, Tony pretty much doing all the work for him. Yet again, he felt a horrific sense of embarrassment and shame at having to get Tony to come clean up his messes. He felt as if he was never going to stop owing the other boy for something or another. “I’m so sorry about this,” he muttered, limping over to Tony’s car, “I really- I know what you must think of me-“
“Fine,” he muttered, dropping his gaze, “fine, just… sit back on the couch, Tony, I’m not going anywhere.”
The words struck a chord in Steve, and he nodded softly, glancing back down to his mother’s grave. “We don’t control the fate of other people, Thor,” he said earnestly, “only our own, I guess. No matter how much we might try.”
“Why’d you move over here anyway, Rogers?” Ty asked him suddenly, cocking his head calculatingly down at Steve and taking a sip of his coffee. Steve fought the urge to just bat it right out of his hand.
“Sometimes I just get distracted! You know I do, and I usually come back to them later, can you just relax about it-”
He wished he was just fucking better. Steve probably did too. Steve was going to see it and flip out- or maybe he already had. Maybe Tony was going to go home to find the other man packing his shit up and leaving.
Steve made an irritated noise, and Tony decided to stand up. Just because. “Look, Steve, I’ll be up soon-”
“I didn’t think so,” her voice was soft, patronizing. She stood, circling Steve whilst her hand remained gently on his shoulder. Meanwhile, he watched apprehensively as the two other men set up a computing device, flicking switches and untangling wires. They stuck one to each of his temples. He tried to shake them off, but to no avail.
They were moving down the corridor, leaving the Avengers behind. They didn’t even care. “This was fun!” One of them called with a wave, “we should do it again sometime!”
Jesus, the thoughts that sprang into his mind at that moment… Steve would’ve been embarrassed if he wasn’t quite so desperate. As it was, he was a second away from grabbing Tony by the collar and dragging that stupid tank top right off his stupid chest-
Steve giggled a little hysterically. He could still taste Tony in his mouth; the lingering tang of cigarette smoke and just a hint of coffee settled on his lip, where Tony’s mouth had met his. “I think I’m high,” he declared, accepting the pat on the back Bruce gave him as he said his goodbyes and began making his own way out of the room.
“We told him to look after the civilians in the front buildings first and foremost. There’s no one on the other side, and we can’t afford to spread him too thin in case they get behind him and start killing innocents.”
“Oh come on, I always wash!” Sam called out to her, but to no avail, for she was already making her way back down the corridor with a smug smile on her face.
“Yes,” Steve blurted before he could even stop himself, and then felt his cheeks flame in mortification. “I- I mean, uh-“
He was suddenly surrounded by friends yelling and whooping, and he rolled his eyes fondly but was unable to stop the happy little grin that took over his face as he received various pats and hugs. Bucky lifted him up and spun him with a whoop, and Thor just ruffled his hair and then offered him a bottle of mead, which he took gratefully.
travelled back to the present, you would be trying to exist in two timelines at once. One where Tony died and you went back to save him, and one where Tony never died at all.” Reed’s face creased, and he shook his head as he started swirling the pen in a circular motion, creating a scribbled black void in the centre of the diverging line. “You’d rip yourself apart, Steve—caught in an eternal paradoxical loop. It would be worse than death. You’d be conscious, but your body would be… God, I don’t even know. And the rest of reality would collapse alongside it. There is a reason time-travel has been universally banned. People cannot bring two realities into one. Even the Tescillians that brought this thing to Earth,” he gestured behind him, over to the corner where that strange alien chamber lay, silent and inviting, “even they knew as much. They’d never intended to go home alive, because they knew they couldn’t unless they wanted to tear a rent in the universe.”
“I think I’m about to get mugged, which- uh- sucks,” Steve admitted quickly, paired with a nervous laugh, “but maybe if they see me talking to someone they’ll go away, so I’m just gonna keep you on the line for as long as possible-“
“They’re not high, they’re average- it’s just that boys are consistently disappointing me,” Peggy said haughtily, then bumped fists with Natasha as she raised her hand in silent support.
what those things could and would do to your suit,” Steve snarled, waving a hand through the air in frustration, “that was the most fortified sector, I
“If you watched your friend’s whole life fall to pieces at the whim of a man who never learned what the word ‘no’ meant, I wonder—would you sit there and do nothing?” She stared at him, those piercing eyes boring a hole into Fury. “Because you don’t seem the type for that, Sir.”
She nodded once and then didn’t speak again for the remainder of the journey. Steve was quiet too; a billion different thoughts spinning through his head. He wanted to talk to Tony. He knew that the other boy seemed certain Ty wouldn’t actually stick to his promise and follow through, but Steve didn’t only want to address that. He wanted to address the fact that Tony had apparently just thrown away his whole old friendship group, his old lifestyle, and he’d done it for Steve.
Steve flushed and looked away, guilty. “I can—I’ll tell Pepper to put them back if you want, sorry, it’s just—”
“That looked like my face,” Tony peered down at him, a small little crease forming on his forehead that made him look adorably confused, “did you draw me?” And it seemed a second later he worked out the answer to his own question, because his eyes widened and his hand curled around Steve’s wrist. “Oh my God, you did, didn’t you?”
Steve did. “You want me to act as a honeypot,” he said, voice blank, and when Fury nodded, Steve just felt himself sink further.
He punched and kicked and fought for his life, for everyone’s life, working with Mjolnir which Thor had lent him and using that instead of his broken shield. The rage of the past five years consumed his soul, transforming itself into wild and merciless energy. A snap of the neck, and that was for taking Peter away from Tony. A lightning bolt that friend a dozen bodies, and that was for Sam and for Bucky, lost to Steve again, just when he thought he’d gotten him back. He didn’t have time to reunite with any of the people he’d lost, but he saw Peter swinging on by and webbing up a dozen different enemies, and he grabbed his attention.
He shrugged, hitching his bag high again. “It was okay, I guess. You got some nice art facilities. The people are... people.”
“I-“ Tony began, swallowing. His hands tapped restlessly by his side and his eyes flew around the room, stopping briefly at the work scattered around the floor, before finally ending up back on Steve. “If I help you with your homework, you fancy calling it even?” He asked quietly. His smile was small, nervous.
Steve looked down at him, and for a second it was like he knew exactly what Tony was thinking—but then he just wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and pecked a kiss against his temple. “Let’s get to bed,” he said,” s’late.”
He huffed, hoisting his bag further on his shoulder and walking down the hill. Of course- speak of the devil and he shall appear- because there he was again, in his usual place, leaning against his damn bike and smoking another damn cigarette, completely oblivious to Steve’s eyes on him.
One last time, Tony gave his little hum, and then immediately after Steve felt him switch off again, his hands still curled tight around Steve. He was like that, sometimes- unable to sleep even if you fed him horse tranquillisers some days, and out like a light as soon as you said the word on others. Steve preferred the latter- less hassle, after all.
Tony looked at him from across the room. Thor, unfazed, wandered further into the medbay, eventually reaching Tony’s bedside. He placed the turkey carefully on top of the stand which held all their medical supplies. “I must be on a hell of a lot of morphine right now,” Tony said, eyeing both Thor and the cooked bird with suspicion.
Eventually Sam got back, interrupting their fifth episode of the Simpsons with his groaning and grumbling about how sore he felt after gym. Tony laughed at him good-naturedly and then assured Sam that one day if he kept working hard, he might be able to beat Tony in an arm wrestling match. Of course, this led to a five minute argument and ended with Sam challenging Tony to a wrestle, extending his hand daringly and waggling it in Tony’s face. “If you think you’re so hard,” he goaded, “come on then, Stark. Let’s see what you’re made of.”
Slamming the door back open, he observed the room around him with sharp eyes. He spotted Tony immediately; stood facing off with Bucky for the second time whilst Thor held onto his arm and stopped him getting any further. Natasha was stood rigidly at Bucky’s side, her face blank and analytic as she undoubtedly tried to think of something to say. Around them. The rest of their friends were sat alert; some slowly getting to their feet like they were preparing for an actual damned fight to break out.
“Who’re you with?” Steve, hurried up the stairs, heading into his room, “can’t they offer you help?”
“You kissed him, last night,” Rhodey told him, “he rang me after he left; could barely string a coherent sentence together, he was that excited. I’ve never seen him like that before, with anyone.”
Tony sagged in complete, overwhelming relief, watching with a heavy exhale as Steve’s eyes blinked open blearily, a deep frown forming on his face. Exhaustion clutched at Tony’s battered body, suddenly feeling a wave of light-headedness as he crumbled where he sat, falling clumsily onto Steve’s stomach. His heart hurt. But Steve was okay. Steve was breathing. People were coming. He wasn’t dead.
“Please don’t hate my friends, I swear, they are normal people, they are just ridiculously overprotective of me and like to vet anyone who gets within a three-foot radius of me if they can manage. Pepper is actually a sweetheart, really, I promise… Oh no, they didn’t threaten you did they? God, I’m gonna fucking kill them-“  Tony’s harried voice rang clearly through the speaker, and Steve couldn’t help but chuckle at the lack of introduction and the way Tony had instead chosen to dive straight into the middle of a conversation.
“Why did you do it, Tony?” He said instead. He felt so, so tired. “Why… what made you do all this? The weapons, the destruction...God, Tony,
“I only ever wanted him to be proud of me,” he whispered, voice barely even audible. He didn’t look at Steve. “All my life. Tried… so hard. Jus’ to get him t’smile at me. But I was never enough. An’ now I’m outta chances.”
“Do you have Rhodey’s number?” Bucky asked in the end, which, okay, wasn’t what Steve had been expecting.
His nose hurt. It hurt like a fucking bitch, and he felt like he was going to sneeze under all the dust. He couldn’t stay here. He just couldn’t. And Tony… God, he hadn’t even apologized? Offered any other alternative? He’d just
Steve looked at him, unimpressed. "No, he's not fucking ashamed, Bucky, you don't know fuck-all about me and him, what did I say about keeping your nose outta my relationship, huh?"
“—I think the only stupid one in the room is the guy who took his eyes off 50% of the threat in the room, personally- but that might just be me.”
Tony didn’t say anything, but Steve could feel the gaze burn into the side of his face once more. He got the feeling Tony was analysing him.
He curled his spare hand around Steve’s neck, biting on his lip hard enough that it drew blood. Hot, panicked tears were starting to crawl up into his eyes. “Please,” he whispered, vision going blurry and darkening around the edges, “please, wake up, come on, for me Steve.”
Tony’s eyes twinkled. “They definitely seemed like they were only holding on by the skin of their teeth,” he said in amusement, as Steve just scowled and turned away.
“No it fucking doesn’t,” he snapped, and yeah, he really wished he didn’t have the fucking wheelchair right now because it was hard to look intimidating when you were half the other person’s height. “It doesn’t matter, because I’m fucking fine. Look, see?”
He braced himself as the next video came up, knowing that it was going to be the same stuff. Over and over again, each video, they did different experiments on the tiny little baby in the crib. Tony watched their joy as they discovered Peter’s adhesive abilities, watched their irritation mount higher when they stopped being able to get anything else out of him. Tony felt sick to his stomach, but he couldn’t stop viewing it all as it unfolded in front of him. He
“No, don’t even try and tell me otherwise, Steve Rogers, I can read you like an open book. I know you’re going to try and deny it until your dying day, but you don’t see the way he looks at you when your back’s turned.” She sighed again, hitching her bag higher onto her shoulder as she grinned over to him wryly, “and he doesn’t see you doing the same thing, either. Hopeless, both of you.”
“I need to see him,” Steve told him, his voice slowly becoming more frantic as he pushed back. He was stronger than Bucky, and if he really wanted to, it wouldn’t be a problem to get him out of the way.
Later on, though, when Steve was sat with him at lunch and rifling through his bag in search of his sketchbook, Tony noticed the box of chocolates were unopened. Which, for anyone else, might not have been odd. But Steve ate like a starving man and never ever saved his food for later. He always ate what was in front of him.
“You’re a really good friend, Steve,” he declared, “I don’t think you fully realize the extent to which you’ve changed mine and Tony’s life. Before you- well- all we had was each other, really. Tony had Rhodey and Pepper too, but they were away pretty often, and everyone else around us just…sucked.” He laughed and shrugged his shoulders. “We never really had a group of people that we could count on, before you and your friends came along . So. Thanks for that, I guess.”
Tony just shrugged, walking over to where Steve was sat on the bed and slotting himself between his knees. “Eh, that was pushing it anyway.”
Walking out of the school grounds rapidly, he zipped up his jacket and hoisted his bag high onto his shoulders, keeping his head down to avoid the sharp winds that bit at any exposed area of skin. He should really have brought a warmer jacket, but he hadn’t exactly been thinking particularly straight that morning, so sue him. The cold wasn’t so bad anyway. It stung at first, but then your skin just went numb and you stopped caring. The cold was familiar, in a way. Steve had been cold his entire damn life.
Steve turned to glare at him for a second, before speeding up his pace on the stairs. Admittedly, he probably should have spent more time thinking this over. But he hadn’t known what Rumlow might have been doing to Tony, or whether waiting around might have ended in something unthinkable, so he’d had to cut some corners. And anyway—the original story Steve had fed Tony, about him breaking into the army base and wandering around in a janitor’s uniform, had a bit of merit to it, so was it really so bad that Steve was taking those ideas and just recreating them in real life?
“Okay, so do you maybe wanna explain what that was?” Tony asked, spinning around and looking at Steve with folded arms as soon as he got into the open air. “Gotta admit, I wasn’t expecting to have to break up a fight whilst on my way back from picking up my stuff from Science club.”
He sighed quietly and pressed his forehead into Steve’s sternum for a second before slowly sitting up, disentangling their bodies and then sliding out of bed. He checked the clock: 1 in the morning. He could spend a few hours in the workshop doing some more research into AIM, or maybe try and get to work on setting out the groundwork for the new version of coding he wanted to work through the Iron Man armour.
He huffed and shuffled closer, picking up the fork and trying not to think about the future, just for once. Just for Peter. “Right little man. Shall we try again?”
He heard Bruce say his name, but then next time he looked up it was Bucky and Natasha and Clint there with him, all of them talking in low voices by his bedside. He must have fallen asleep. When? Where was he? “I can make your arm better,” he said, looking at the shiny metal, “I’ll make it… good, the best, even if I’m not Iron Man I can still…” He couldn’t think of the word and it plagued him, he was supposed to be good at that and he couldn’t even-
Tony’s face fell, and he leaned back. “How much damage did you do?” He asked Steve quietly, and Steve shrugged again, looking away.
“Not relationship-wise, no,” he admitted, “Tony doesn’t usually let himself do… this,” he waved a vague hand in Steve’s direction, “and the ones Tony
Steve looked at him, and he could see… he could see from the way Tony had gone tense just by the way Steve had snapped at him, the way his hand was bunched into the sheet by his side, that Tony was lying. He didn’t trust Steve. Not really.
“Wilson, Romanov, Barton, you’re dismissed,” Fury told them sharply, waving a hand at the door. “I need to talk to these two young men.”
“Good day?” Steve asked him quietly, his hand slotting into place over Tony’s hip and running back and forth. He asked that question every night- just to make sure, just to keep an eye out for the bad stuff, knowing that Tony would find it harder to lie about it when he was here in bed, half-asleep and vulnerable. Tony should have thought of it as annoying, but he didn't. Couldn't even if he goddamn tried.
He looked sideways at Clint, tried to choke out a word, but it wouldn’t make its way out of the safety of his throat. He couldn’t breathe, his chest
Five months. He’d gone five months without an episode like this. He’d thought it had…. He’d just thought it’d been getting a little better, that was all. But apparently not. His brain still went into Total Shutdown mode from the most harmless of events. Like water.
Fury was not a man to react to things rashly. He considered the facts, the biases, the motives behind every decision. This could be faked. Stark knew his way around a computer blindfolded.
Steve’s eyes were wide, and he couldn’t help but laugh a little incredulously. “Did he get expelled?”
“You can stay a little longer if you want,” Steve offered, and Tony softened again when he looked back to him. His gaze fluttered over to Bucky on the couch, and he huffed, turning away.
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed when Steve came in later, but he knew it was probably sometime in the early morning. He dropped what he was doing and turned in his chair, face falling when he took in Steve’s expression. He looked annoyed.
Steve clenched his jaw, shutting the locker with a slam and then spinning on his heel. “How’s things, Ty?” He asked sweetly, “did you manage to buy your own drinks last night? Or did you need to ring up Tony and ask how grown-ups did it by themselves without getting someone else to pay?”
“What’s going on?” Steve asked, trying to soften himself when he saw how Tony was tensing up in front of him. “You’ve been acting strange since last night. One minute you were fine and the next—”
He was going to break. He could feel it-- any moment now, he was going to shatter like glass. The tidal wave was coming, and it was about to drown him.
“Uhh,” Steve stumbled, and Tony watched his face burn crimson as he looked down at his shoes in mortification, “I… I- I don’t- I mean… I was just… I’m-”
Pops laughed again, and some of the tension appeared to have drained magically from his shoulders as soon as Dad had made contact with him. “You heard that, huh?”
He knew that Tony wasn’t lying. Even Steve, with his self-worth issues about five miles wide, knew that Tony wasn’t lying.
His hands were shaking the next time he looked back to his phone, and he felt Tony gently pull him back down into a sitting position after a second, which was probably for the best.
Until then, though, his work was done. He needed a break. Needed coffee. That was probably the reason he hadn’t stopped shaking since Steve had left. Just caffeine deprivation.
“Aw, come on, he’s sleeping!” Tony whispered, poking Steve in the butt again. He watched Steve hold back a small laugh and bat Tony’s hand away, beginning to push him out of the room exasperatedly and without too much noise.
“I’m gonna clean all this blood off your face,” Bucky told him with a roll of his eyes, “God, I feel like we’re in middle school again.”
Ty grinned, bumping shoulders with him as he passed. It made Steve want to punch the asshole. “Good,” he said softly, “I’ll see you tonight then.”
“Do I hear birthday kisses are being exchanged?” And then Natasha walked in, head cocked curiously in Steve’s direction as she shot off a smile, “don’t tell Tony- he might leap right out of the principal’s office to get in on that.”
It was Tony. Come hell or high water, there was no way that Steve would ever be able to forget that voice.
“Sleep,” Steve ordered, pushing Tony backward until he landed on the bed with a thump. He’d come over because Tony had called him at seven in the morning on a Sunday saying that he wanted Steve to come round- and really, it said a lot that Steve had even answered at all, considering his usual ‘no interaction before double digits’ rule- but now that he was actually here, he might as well try and get Tony to behave like a normal human being with normal human needs, at least for a few hours.
But this was where he was. Stumbling around some street he didn’t even know, drunk off his face. It just… didn’t make sense to Steve.
“Well I’m not staying there, let me fucking tell you that,” Steve snapped, and Tony turned to him briefly, eyes sharp.
That was the last thing Steve remembered hearing, drifting off once more to the sound of Tony’s rhythmic voice and the sensation of careful fingers working their way through his hair.
Tony smiled at him and then took his spare hand into his own, pulling them both back into the living room smoothly. They didn’t share many words as Tony settled them both into the couch and pulled the blankets up over them, and for that Steve was grateful. Tony must have been able to tell that he wasn’t feeling quite up to normal conversation. He was really good at spotting things like that. Instead, he pulled his arms around Steve’s slim waist and then tucked himself close, grabbing the remote and then switching the TV on to some of episodes of
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked him, cocking his head to the side and staring at Steve with a spark in his eyes.
He saw Bruce take position directly in front of him, gun in hand and a hard, determined look on his face. He would be here as the last line of defence, if Natasha and Rhodey couldn’t hold them all.
He managed to hold out for eighteen hours after being released before he couldn’t stop himself any longer and picked up his coat. The night was dark out, and Steve knew it was too late, the hospital was shut now, no more visitors, but he couldn’t just sit there. At the very least, Tony deserved to be able to tell him what he’d wanted to say on the phone earlier. And Steve had to see him. He just fucking had to. It was twisting him up inside, driving him insane. He remembers how Tony had looked when Thor had dragged him away- an unconscious, bleeding mess on the floor- but he just had to see again. Had to know how much damage he had done. He couldn’t offer Tony comfort, not when he was the cause of his pain- but he could listen. He could accept what Tony was going to tell him, and then do his best to never let himself go near the other man again. God knows it’d make Tony feel at least a little bit safer.
“Hey!” Tony yelped, hand shoving down his own collar and trying to retrieve the money, “I hate you. I hate all of you, Jesus, all my friends just bully me- look here, Rogers, take my fucking m-“
Sam’s tone was casual, but his eyes looked serious as they met with Steve’s. Maybe Steve wasn’t as subtle as he’d liked to think.
Steve smacked him lightly on the chest and sighed, sinking down into his shoulder and turning to face the TV. Tony continued to mutter for a few more seconds before he finally quietened as well, the only sounds coming from him being the sound of his heartbeat against Steve’s ear. His arm was a grounding weight around his back.
Bruce and Natasha glanced at each other. “Specially designed crackers?” Natasha mouthed to the other man, who just shook his head in confusion and turned to Tony, asking, “the edible kind or the Christmas kind?”
“There’s been another attack,” he said, the words crackled from the bad signal down in the underground, “on the other side of the city. Wrecking Crew. They’re in Times Square, and they’re not holding back.”
Pepper glanced at her watch then, and turned back to Steve with an apologetic look on her face. “Sorry, but we’ve really gotta head off now. I’m sorry for bursting in on you like this- It was nice meeting you Steve.” She paused, contemplating her words for a moment before taking in a small breath and pinning her gaze right on his own. “Although I’ll just say, if you do end up hurting him with intent, then you’re going to wish you’d never met
Steve loved him, and Tony loved Steve, and he was going to put a ring on that Goddamn finger if it killed him.
Thanos and Thor’s arms both locked, caught in a wrestle between one another, and without question Steve leaped into the fray, clambering onto the alien’s back and pressing Thor’s hammer as tightly into his throat as it would go.
“I’m callin’ it a night,” Clint said abruptly, turning on his heel, “all this baby-talk has me exhausted.”
,” he breathed, continuing to bounce up and down on the balls of his feet, “fucking…. God, I’ve got so much to do, so many upgrades I need to make- oh, do I get to come with you to Montreal now? Shit, fuck, I remember!” He pulled away a fraction and then kissed Steve messily, laughing halfway through. “Thank you. I love you.”
Turning unsteadily, he made his way into the kitchen, feeling a little as if he was in a daze. Tony had come to his house- he’d got his ring back for him, Jesus Christ, the marks on his face showed how much it must have cost him to do that.
“Buck, it’s me,” Steve started, and a second later he heard a massive sigh of relief and a muttered curse as Bucky yelled, obviously to the rest of the group, “it’s Steve! Guys, he’s okay! Clint, call Nat and Sam and tell them to stop looking!”
When Tony didn’t say anything, Steve barrelled on. “And I’ll teach you. We all will. Every game we can think of, we’ll do it during team-building-”
He loved Peter. This was going to ruin him when it was over. He couldn’t step back, because Peter needed him, and whether Tony was family or not, he still owed it to Peter to be there for him. God only knows no one else ever had been before he’d been dropped off at the tower. And maybe they were all volatile, maybe they were too loud and too childish and too emotionally stunted to be around a kid. But even with all that baggage, they were still the only people on the planet that that little boy felt safe around.
Tony watched Steve’s jaw tense; saw the way he rubbed a hand across his forehead and sighed through the phone, but then gave a muted “yes” in reply.
“Fine,” he snapped, curling in on himself and staring sulkily at the door, “but you better not piss me off anymore. I’m still mad.”
Steve looked sullen, hitching his bag higher up onto his shoulder defensively. “He’s a fucking bastard,” he muttered, jumping down the steps two at a time.
Barely even a second later, Tony had pushed open the door, crossed the room and then slid easily onto the bed alongside Steve, wary of the injuries to his left flank. Steve blinked in surprise- more rapid than he’d been expecting, that was for sure.
“Oh my God, shit, your chest, are you okay?” Tony’s face fell and he sat up in a panic, hands immediately hovering over Steve in anxiety, “I fucking- oh, God, I’m an idiot, I didn’t think, I’m really s-“
By 1:30 in the morning, Steve was alone again. He did some more staring at walls. Considered calling Bucky before immediately discarding the idea. He’d be fast asleep at this time, and Steve didn’t need to put something like this on the guy. He’d already stressed Bucky out enough to last a lifetime. He picked at one of the sandwiches Thor had left out for him, but his appetite was gone.
The room he’d walked into was bigger than the rest by at least twice the size, and was arranged in a circular formation, all of the equipment and counters centred around a large machine in the middle of the room. Steve eyed it with a cocked head and a small frown, trying to work out what it could be. Although he had to admit, this was probably more Tony or Bruce’s forte than his. To him, it really just looked like a big hunk of metal. There were wires, however, that were attached up at the top of the machine and then fed into various tubes at the sides of the room. Steve squinted and wandered closer. “Widow?” He asked quietly, fingers tapping his comm, “did the source tell you whether it was human experimentation they were working on?”
He looked at Peter analytically. “Do you have secret lazer eyes or something?” He asked, to which Peter responded with a blank stare. “Breathe fire? Could you potentially destroy the world?”
This time, Rhodey’s voice was louder when it responded with Steve’s own name; two voices drawing one another in. Steve followed the sound hurriedly, relief flooding him. If one of the team were alive, that meant more could also be alive. It wasn’t too late. He wasn’t too late.
“You asked,” he said in the end, churning out each word slowly as if he was putting thought into each syllable, “earlier this morning, why I hung out with all those assholes in my year. I think, really, that it was sort of decided for me from the very beginning.”
“Stop it,” Steve hissed before he even knew what he was doing, covering his head with his hands. He couldn’t listen to any more of it, “stop the recording, JARVIS, now.”
They’d seen him and Tony together. Pretty much everyone had seen him and Tony together at some point. It had been a month, now, and Steve knew about the rumours that were flying through school about them both. Steve had come to find himself at the center of way more attention than he was used to- everyone was suddenly very interested in his life, his background, who he was. He’d heard one person talk about how he was actually even richer than Tony, and so they’d become friends in order to set up a huge business together that was going to take over the American economy. Others had been talking about his ‘mysterious background’ and the fact it meant he was probably part of a gang and actually caused more trouble than Tony did. Very few of them actually landed on the simpler explanation of ‘they’re dating’, which kind of pissed Steve off a little, he wasn’t going to lie.
Tony shook his head and gave him an unimpressed look, and Steve clamped up quickly. The embarrassment and shakes were mingling together, creating some sort of terrible mutant emotion that felt like it was clawing at him from the inside out. He just wanted to go home.
A tuft of blond hair shortly followed by the rest of Steve’s head popped up from behind the couch. “Huh?” He asked, “So Clint wasn’t lying?”
“So they can do what?” Tony snapped, looking at the computer, “send flowers and give me a little hug? A card that says ‘Sorry you’re homeless now, Tony’? Great, yeah, call them up. Let everyone in the whole fucking world know.” He huffed and looked away, jaw clenched tight as he closed his eyes. No one spoke, not even JARVIS. There was nothing that could be said.
But Steve was bleeding all over the fucking bedsheets, and Steve just couldn’t sit under that bed for three whole hours, sneezing away in immense pain. He was angry at Tony, but he knew he would only be angrier still by the time the boy eventually came back to collect him, which would just make everything a hell of a lot worse.
He followed Tony down the corridor until they ended up in what looked like the master bedroom. It was huge- empty aside from a few cabinets that had been left behind, and the orange sunlight streamed in through the massive French windows on the back wall. His brow creased, wondering what Tony had actually brought him all this way for- but when he turned back to Tony, the boy had moved over to the windows- throwing them open and revealing a balcony on the other side.
This was his home—this bed underneath him, the chest of drawers cluttered with physics books and Tony’s tablet, the pictures that lined the walls; ones of him and Tony kissing under the Eiffel Tower, ones of the team, all of them passed out on the sofa in various states of injury and undress after a particularly tiring battle. It was still messy, because he and Tony had left in the morning and Steve usually tidied everything up in the evening when he got back in. Tony’s notebook and pen were strewn on the bed next to him. The pen was uncapped.
“Hey!” someone called from behind them all, and Steve turned only to watch Clint, Natasha and Sam begin to retrace their steps and walk back over too, faces concerned. They must have spotted the standoff as they’d been walking out and come to see what was up.
Tony threw up his hands exasperatedly, “Steve, you never gave a shit about that before! You’ve come into the workshop and bodily handled me out of the room to a bed before without so much as a care for my personal fucking space, but now it’s too much to just say ‘toodles’?”
“What did he say?” Tony whipped around, “I bet it was something dumb. He’s dumb and actually got dropped on the head as a baby, his aunt even told me herself, you really shouldn’t listen to anything he says-“
Tony shrugged, hopping onto the counter and wiggling his eyebrows at Steve from across the room. He felt pretty smug about it all, if he was being honest. “Hey, this was your idea. You said you were the amazing cook, and I
Steve rolled his eyes and pushed Thor’s stomach, although it didn’t exactly do much. Someone who could bodily lift Tony off the ground with ease wasn’t exactly going to be swayed by his stick-thin arms. “I’ll be fine, tell him to stop worrying.”
He looked down at Tony with a raised eyebrow, before leaning forward and popping a delicate kiss against his hairline. “No,” he said simply, “I don’t.”
Steve just grumbled something unintelligible, kissing Tony’s forehead again before nudging him backward. Happy had stopped off at Wendy’s, so Tony was just gonna take the two-minute walk and meet him there. “Call me when you land,” Steve said, “and be back in time for Christmas or I’ll be having words with Mr. Kobayashi.”
“Is this it?” Tony asked, bouncing up and down on his seat as he craned his neck to look around the bend like an excited child, and Steve couldn’t help but chuckle as he nodded his head. “Oh, it looks all… serene. Nice. You’ve got good taste, Rogers, I’ll give you that.”
Of course, Steve didn’t even acknowledge him- simply placed his fingers against the hinges of the door and inspected it for a few seconds. Tony folded his arms and watched from his vantage point on the floor. Steve, feral or not, had a very spectacular ass.
She observed him for a moment, before huffing and looking away. "Then find me a decent man in this stupid world. Can you believe I had to sit there and try not to stab myself with a fork for an hour and a half whilst that dimwit mansplained
.” He sniffed and then looked at Steve stubbornly—and God, he was so young. Steve forgot that sometimes. Tony was good at making everyone think he had it all together, making them perceive him as an adult with a personality massive enough that no one would want to take him on. Even Steve sometimes forgot that underneath, he was still only a boy.
” Tony hissed, stumbling away. His eyes were stinging, but he refused to cry, not here, not with Steve watching. “I don’t… it’s
Steve reflexively took Tony’s advice, rolling to the side and allowing Natasha to take front once more as he covered his ears. A second later JARVIS played out the frequency over the speakers; a pitch Tony couldn’t hear through his ears, but felt reverberate through his bones. He winced at the uncomfortable sensation, checking to see if the LMD flagged. But it didn’t. Instead, it merely ducked low and swiped Natasha’s legs from underneath her, before turning to Tony with a dangerous smile. “Nice try,” he snarled, before lunging forward.
Susan took another three seconds before she gestured to the elevator. “I can guess what this is about,” she said softly, “and you’re welcome to talk to him so he can explain why you won’t be able to do it. I can’t tell you how sorry I am, Steve. But we can’t help you.”
Steve felt his grip slip a little, and sensed the pain as the metal cut through his skin, but he couldn’t let go- he had to stay and get Tony, stop Tony falling, save him,
“Exactly!” Tony clicked a finger toward him, and then stepped forward to meet Steve, taking a gentle hold of his wrist again. “Come on, Steve Rogers- live a little,” he whispered.
Steve was nice, and he was so beautiful, and he was here, with Tony of all people. That was just so crazy. Of all people in the world, Steve should have been the last person on Earth to want him. And Tony could admit, he’d been going to spend the whole of tomorrow morning googling how to be good at sex, seeing as the plan had been that he and Steve would be doing that
I made you think everything you’re doing is wrong.” Steve pursed his lips and Tony watched, horror-stricken as a tear slipped silently down his cheek. All the fury had dried up in his chest, giving way to a heaving sense of loss, of desperation and agony. They couldn’t seriously be having this conversation.
Tony stepped out into the common room with a small sigh of contentment, breathing in the smell of popcorn and home. It’d been a pleasant night, all things considered- the presenter hadn’t asked any uncomfortable questions, the banter had been good and Tony hadn’t had anything thrown at him
Steve kissed his temple, before his own head drifted upward. “Definitely. I never thought I’d be able to see something like this here, in New York.”
Tony smiled, shutting his eyes and then running his fingers over his own forehead. His ears were still goddamn ringing. "Tomorrow he can sleep with Clint," he muttered, "he's the prime suspect anyway, don't see why we should get lugged with the crying."
They smiled at each other for another moment or two, before Tony cleared his throat and patted Steve’s thigh. “Let’s go home and watch Peter try and pronounce a hard ‘R’ sound,” he declared, “but stop off at Dunkin’ Donuts on the way.”
Another pause. “I… yeah. They do. Seem to think I’m one of Peter Pan’s fucking Lost Boys by the way they attempt to mother-hen me, though,” Tony grumbled mutinously through the line, and Steve laughed reflexively, but he couldn’t help agree a little with Tony’s friends’ judgment. What with Tony’s track record, Steve thought the title was pretty fitting.
“Don’t you dare, Tony,” Steve hissed, lurching forward and curling his hand around Tony’s wrist, turning him back around, “don’t you
“Longer than you,” Tony gritted, snapping out his wrist in a motion that unsheathed the blade hidden under his forearm. He twisted it backward and the man had to let go of him as he stumbled away from the attack, and Tony scrabbled for the release on the helmet before the boiling plates could do any more damage to his neck. He really hoped any burns he’d gotten were only first-degree.
It was over in a second, and by the time Steve came back to consciousness again, the damage was done.
“I’m begging you,” Steve looked up at him, straight in his eyes- and if anyone saw the image in front of them: an angel on his knees in front of a demon, crying, begging him to stay- they could start wars over this.
Steve broke away for a second, watching in hypnotised fascination as Tony did his level best to catch up with him. They stared at eachother for a moment, before Steve turned his head to the side and blew out the smoke that had ended up in his mouth.
Bruce rolled his head lazily, observing the situation from underneath his steamed-up glasses. “It appears so,” he declared a good five seconds later, before he rolled off the coffee table and fell to the floor with a heavy thump and a small ‘ow’.
“And?” Tony asked, trying to sit upright a little further and then cursing when the movement sent fire through his leg. “Ow,
, per se… merely encouraged an idea that was already there. I think it was a worthy purchase- Bertha will do him proud.” She winked at him innocently, and he groaned in despair. Obviously that was not going to go away any time soon.
Clint opened his mouth, obviously readying for a rant, so Steve just threw up his hands before it could escalate. “It’s fine, I don’t mind going.”
Tony disappeared up the stairs a few seconds later and Steve turned to the cupboards, analysing their contents critically. He could feel the gazes of his team-mates staring at him. “He’s okay,” Steve assured them all, knowing the question that was on the tips of all their tongues, “he’s doing better. It was just… a lot, I think. Been a stressful few weeks.”
. That’s…” he chuckled, running a hand through his hair. “It’s not great for my ego. Plus I’m ugly now. These bruises aren’t even the hot kind.”
Of course, it was at that moment that he spotted Zeke again- getting something out of his locker and texting with his free hand. Steve felt his temper rise just looking at him; hating him for what he’d done to Tony, hating him because he was an asshole and a bully and if there was one thing Steve couldn’t stand, it was bullies.
“Car’s outside,” Fury cut in, and wow, okay, not wasting any time then, “I’ll meet you in my office. Don’t dawdle.” With that, he cut the call, not so much as a goodbye, and Steve pulled the phone away from his ear, a frown starting to crease his face. He zipped his pants up hurriedly and glanced at himself in the mirror, making sure there was no drool on his face, then grabbed his black shirt and SHIELD jacket from the chair where it was all piled up. He wondered what the hell it was that was so important, and briefly checked his phone to see if there was any breaking news that had occurred over the last few hours he’d been asleep.
“Oh yeah, definitely,” Steve nodded with enthusiasm, feeling the phone sitting in his pocket, three of Tony’s texts just waiting to be read, “he’s… he’s great. Really kind. He- he gets it. Me. It’s nice.”
The woman came back again- this time with two men flanking her. They were holding something. Box. It was a box, big and black and scientific-looking. They type Tony and Bruce kept all their equipment in.
Clapping his hands suddenly, he turned back to the table and looked around at his friends. “Right,” he said, “can all of you stop eavesdropping on our conversation and just eat already? And can somebody please sit me up? I’d like to eat my food like a vaguely normal person.”
There was a sudden light pressure on his arm, and Tony looked down for a moment, watching Steve absently begin to trail a pen across the skin on his forearm. He did that sometimes; when he wasn’t really thinking about it. God knows where he kept the pens in those tight sweatpants of his, but Tony was happy to just let him go for it anyway. The only downside was having to watch them fade away after a few days- Steve’s little drawings were adorable and funny and so very
He takes a breath, and wills himself to say the words. Steve wouldn’t even be conscious to hear them, it would be fine, he could do it.
Not looking his teacher in the eye, he hurriedly ran out of the room and made his way down the corridors to the cafeteria. He had to admit, being short had its perks- there was no one who could move through the crowds as quickly as him- and he’d found his friends on their usual table in under two minutes, which was a personal best. Usually history block to dining hall took three minutes. And yes, he counted- you had to find some sort of way to pass the time at school, didn’t you?
Back to the drawing board, then. It seemed Tony was just going to have to work a bit harder to get Steve into the Halloween spirit. He could do it though. Never let anyone say Tony backed down from a challenge. He’d just have to start slower, maybe. Play the long game. He had most of the month, after all. And he’d been with Steve long enough by that point to know how the guy ticked, more or less.
He was sat on a chair by Steve’s side, head bowed, seemingly asleep. His hand lay loosely over Steve’s, finger entwined, and the other hand sat bracing his cheek, holding him somewhat-upright.
Steve smiled and sat gingerly down on the bed, making sure not to jostle Tony as he got comfy. Tony himself was pretty restricted- no shuffling down and curling up into Steve’s chest like he usually did, thanks to the massive cast on his damned leg- but he made sure to give Steve his best smile and then lean his head into Steve’s shoulder once they got within touching distance. “This… this is okay, right?” He asked, before biting the bullet and finishing with
“No,” Steve said, and Tony stopped, eyeing him with a glare. “Tony, you have got to rest. You haven’t slept in days.”
Tony had just been yelling about how he was sick of Steve's shit, and Steve had been yelling right back, harder and sharper and more furious, because they always had to try and fucking one-up one another, they always had to have the last word.
Him, Peggy and Bucky were all over at her place, having just come back from picking her up from yet another failed date. Apparently she was trying to play the field, and she was after a man for the end of the semester- but at the standard of dates she was picking up, this was beginning to seem unlikely.
Goddamn Jan, opening all these doors and telling him about the way Tony looked at him. It was probably all in his damned head anyway. He shook himself, sitting back down gingerly as Thor and Tony bickered behind him. A moment passed before someone tapped his shin, and when he looked up he saw Sam raising his eyebrows over to him.
“Take care,” Steve called out as he made his way to the door, and Tony gave a thumbs-up behind him before slipping over the threshold and feeling the weight of the world begin to settle back down on his shoulders. Familiar, but still almost unbearably heavy. Tony shut the door to their room and then let the smile fall straight off his face, replaced with a sigh. His head fucking hurt. He didn’t want to leave Steve. Something could happen while he was gone, and then Tony wouldn’t even be there to help him. There could be an attack, there could be a malfunction; a myriad of different events could conspire, and Tony would only know about it when he got a call, which could be hours later.
“Tiberius Stone is cruel, manipulative and abusive,” Steve said in the end, spitting out the words and feeling that rage bubble up to the surface again. “He ruined Tony Stark’s life. I can’t tell you how. But I promise you--
“It appears Master Parker has been having difficulties settling. They are both watching Looney Tunes in the living area, however he has acknowledged my suggestion about making coffee and a cup will be ready shortly.”
The other man slipped in quietly, looking at Tony nervously. “Sorry,” he said, and Christ, he wasn’t even goddamn mind-whammied anymore and yet he looked more ill than ever, unshaven and gaunt, heavy bags under watery eyes. “Sorry, I didn’t think—what do you need me for?”
Instead, he took the elevator up to the roof. Stepped out into the frigid air, and walked over to the railings, where he could look out into the New York skyline. His eyes picked out the hospital where he knew Tony was. He stared at it for a long time, and then glanced down.
“Steve?” Tony asked, voice a little panicked as he squirmed, “Steve, baby, I’m okay- but you gotta let go, you’re hurting me.”
Tony would like to point out that he was perfectly coherent enough to be taking off his own clothes- however, at the same time, he
on his forehead whilst not breaking eye contact with the girl currently holding onto his arm as if she wasn’t even able to stand on her own.
Tony followed his pointed hand, a tiny smile on his face as he watched the Red giant as it slowly fell through the clouds. His lip was cut, so the grin was tinged with a wince, but still. Just as beautiful as Steve remembered.
“S’okay,” Steve rubbed a hand across his face and then sniffed, curling into the warmth of their bed. “you’re up early.”
He’d kept the truth from Tony while they’d been together because he was a coward and a bastard, and this was his reward.
Tony shrugged, pouting a little as he arched up into Steve’s touch, hands wrapping around his neck and mouth finding Steve’s. “Does this mean,” he whispered in between kisses, “crazy morning s-”
Steve grinned, kissing his forehead. “Good,” he said, bouncing up the stairs again, “now let’s get you a spare change of clothes.”
So yeah- Steve may have been sporting a bust up lip and a slight concussion after getting shoved into the tiles on the wall, but it was worth it. And that’s exactly what he’d tell the principal when he asked. And Bucky when he asked. And mom when sh-
The words seemed to die on his throat, though, when his eyes flicked briefly across Steve’s shoulder and apparently spotted something worth holding his tongue for.
Tony blushed, beginning to smile- right up until he heard Steve's voice snap at the archer. "Don't be stupid, Clint."
ALSO WHOOOOOO, THIS IS OFFICIALLY MY LONGEST FIC EVER AND I'M NOT EVEN SURE IF WE ARE HALFWAY THROUGH YET! Damn. This is crazy- and I just want to say a massive, huge, warm thank you to everyone who's kudo'ed, commented or otherwise supported me throughout this! I'm overwhelmed and amazed at the response this has had, and I just want to say you're all amazing and I'm grateful for every last one of you! Thank you AND I HOPE YOU ENJOY THIS CHAPTER!
bad,” he said eventually, a small smile twitching on his mouth, “not when it’s that sort of costume. It’s just that most of them… well, most of them aren’t playboy bunnies and sexy cops, and it’s the bad stuff that I associate Halloween with. But I do think we could meet in the middle a little bit. Maybe not, y’know, go through every tradition, but I could get behind some fancy dress, if you still wanted?”
, it felt like the sand-infused mudwater that he’d been half-drowned in years ago, over and over and over again, choking the life from his lungs, burning him from the inside out whilst everyone had laughed and jeered and gripped his hair as they dunked him-
Steve pulled a face and then smoothed a hand absently across the surface of a nearby counter. “Well, I think I’ve just put the Tecchie out of a job,” he said quietly, “’cause it looks like it’s right here.”
But that didn’t matter. It didn’t matter that it hadn’t been his fault, that he survived when she died. She was still gone. She was still not coming back.
Steve wondered how much the boy hid about himself in order to give his friends the person that they needed.
They only found all of this out after Steve had restrained him and dumped him at the police station. He’d mostly just been crying for the first few hours, unable to handle everything piling up around him. Had things been a little different, Steve may have felt sorry for him. As it was, he’d just had to restrain himself from slamming the man’s head into a wall until something caved. He’d nearly killed Tony. Right then and there on the street.
Another pulse. Another flash. Tony was flat on his back again, but scrambling upright once more. God, his chest was aching. He couldn’t breathe. He had to keep going. Underneath him, Steve still wasn’t responding.
He knew it wasn’t that simple, really. Somewhere deep down, beyond the happy post-sex, half-asleep contentment he was floating in, he knew that parenthood was more than just looking after a baby for a few months. It was the challenge of shaping a whole human into someone wonderful and kind and healthy, keeping them safe, being good for them. Tony wouldn’t be good for them. Steve would. Not Tony. And anyway, it was unrealistic. Not part of the plan that they’d agreed upon from the start: keep Peter here, look after him until he was safe enough to be put into the care of someone else. That was the logical course of action that they’d established right from the beginning. Deviating from that would be— it would be…
“I—Uh… I don’t think he’s been moved out of Interrogation room 7 yet,” the man stuttered, checking with his computer, and Steve nodded. It was a common tactic to keep them in those bland rooms for a good long time, have them try and sleep shackled up to that uncomfortable desk. Steve wondered whether Tony had been seen to by a medic yet. His stomach curdled in a mixture of anger and horrible guilt when he realised that they almost certainly hadn’t. They’d let Tony sit in there and stew in it all: the capture, the pain. SHIELD didn’t expend any niceties to people they branded as terrorists.
Tony said nothing. Just watched the city skyline, face illuminated by the last vestiges of light. His fingers found Steve’s and he wrapped them up tightly together. Steve noted that his pulse was beating hard, throbbing like a wound.
be fine if Tony left for a little bit, Steve eventually managed to guide Tony into the spacious Jeep he’d picked out for the road. He even turned a blind eye when Tony wrinkled his nose at it—he wasn’t sure whether the guy was even aware they’d
do that to me again,” was the first thing that Steve had said to the other man when they’d arrived home, slamming the door of their bedroom behind him as Tony had muttered something foul under his breath and limped back over to the direction of the bathroom, his head turned away from Steve. “You have
People didn’t expect Steve to be particularly smart. He’d noticed it a lot in his time, and in everyone’s defence, he hung around with some of the quickest minds on the planet and so it was easy to regard the simple soldier as nothing more than that. Capable of hitting things when they needed to be hit and making tactical decisions on the field, but nothing more. In reality, however, spending all that time with scientist had paid off. If it wasn’t Bruce talking about biochemistry as he made his morning cup of tea, or Jane describing how she’d set up her latest project, it was Tony talking to him about robotics, about physics, about engineering or whatever it was he’d been focusing on that day. Steve spent half his life in Tony’s workshop watching him work, helping him out when he needed it. He knew how things worked down in places like these.
Steve sighed in relief. Much as he loved his friends, he didn’t think he would have been able to handle loudness just then.
A hand curled around his waist, pulling him back from careering into the wall head-first, and Tony knew it was Steve’s grip as the man instinctively clutched Tony tight to his chest, preventing any further damage. He could see Bucky, already pushing back off the wall and firing another round down the hall, taking out the final two on the other side.
He walked into a large room, in which a handful of kids were sat on various chairs, sideboards and even one on the floor. The little Parker kid was the first person he saw; in the middle of making some weird glue stuff out of a bunch of chemicals he probably shouldn’t have been touching. Behind him there was a girl with auburn hair and large glasses- the face brought a name to mind, maybe a Joan or Jane or something. She was laughing with Bruce, both of them leaning in and whispering with one another as they stared at-
Rhodey was a hero. Tony was an asshole in a metal suit who flew around pretending to be one of them.
Muscle memory. Like amnesiacs that still remembered how to drive cars or shoot a hoop correctly. Flying the suit was intrinsic to him. He could do this. And then, maybe he could get to stay on the team. He just needed Iron Man back.
He turned on his heel and didn’t look back; pushing through the crowds on the sidewalk quickly and easily. Tony called his name again; although now muffled by the people in between them, it was easier to ignore.
Sam frowned, and Steve saw his lips moving as he mouthed the words back at him, trying to process it. “So you didn’t sleep with him?”
for God’s sake,“ Steve argued, realising too late that he was pouting and that it was only succeeding to make Tony laugh harder. “I’m… I’m…. well maybe
The boy- Clint, he guessed- shrugged in defeat. “She’s not wrong. I’m Clint, by the way. I didn’t already say that, did I? I can’t remember.”
He caught the tail-end of something that sounded suspiciously like ‘oh for fuck’s sake Steve-‘ but he’d slammed the window closed before he could catch the rest of it and then jumped back down onto the floor, turning back to the door where Sam was stood. “There we go- problem sorted,” he told the boy with an air of finality.
“There’s really not much else to say. What you’re looking at now is just three years of the same old shit. Think Howard just gave up on me after a while, which isn’t so bad. He doesn’t scream so much any more- just ignores me. I go to public school like everyone else and pretend I don’t see equations everywhere I look, and when the ideas get too loud, I go to the nearest party and get a hit in whatever form I can find it in. Usually a bit of Ket does the trick, but hey, I’m not really fussy as to what drug I use to get high. Sometimes sex does the same thing. When I’m feeling
“–kept touching me?” Tony offers. “As in, you would like to move to the main spectacle of the night?”
Tony takes cover behind the chest and fires a return volley low, while Steve kicks at the throttle, convinced that it’s jammed.
Tony grunts when Steve spins him around, pins him against the wall with his chest pressed against the notches of Tony’s spine. There’s a damp noise that fills the alley, and Tony pounds the flat of his fist against the wall, when Steve slides his fingers inside him, filling him full, filling him perfectly. He twists and crooks his fingers, searching for that spot that makes Tony’s toes curl, and when he does, he mercilessly attacks it, knowing that Tony’s burning up with the desire to have Steve inside him.
Tony’s grin blazes across his face. “Pizza it is,” he says, softly, peering at Steve. “There’s that place around the corner that we went to before?”
Tony grinds his teeth. “I don’t want to hear it,” he stresses, pinching the skin of his forehead, above his eyes. “I don’t want to hear some fucking platitude about how you care about me, about how I’m important to you. I don’t want to hear it, because I know the truth, Rogers.”
“That’s the way I like them,” Tony says, his throat flexing, something curling hot and mocking in his belly at the sight of Steve, with all those muscles, in that leather jacket and his thin white shirt and his slacks that cling to every line of his legs.
you want to do, we’ll do. If you want to sit here, we can sit here. If you want to cry, you cry. If you want to go and throw shit, we will go and throw shit. If you want to go and set things on fire, I have a flamethrower down in the workshop–”
“No, don’t be sorry at all,” she says, kindly. “I was just curious, because sometimes, it’s not something that happens as a result of the kid’s context, the shyness, the quietness, you know? It’s something that they inherit; that’s also possible.”
Tony bites his lip, his cock hard and heavy between his legs, his belly streaked with pre-come. Steve’s fingers trail down the length of his spine, tracing absent patterns across the soft, warm skin, before slipping right up inside him, thick and strong, reducing Tony to garbled, unintelligible noises that he moans into the sheets. He twists and crooks his fingers, chuckling when Tony trembles, his skin flush-pink and sweat-damp.
himself on you. He is twice the offender. You were right to take justice against him. But now, we will have to dispose of the body. If the rest of my people were to find out about what happened in this room, they would doubt you; they would consider you to be the equal sinner in all of this. I would spare you that.”
"Hey Cap, this isn't like you...... having so much black clothes hmm," Hawkeye said in a joking tone.
His shivers slowly lessen over time, so I did whatever a good best friend and teammate does, and made sure do it right. His arms found a way to my waist and his hands to my hands, "he still seems to always like my hands.......... I wonder why? His hands compared to mine are pretty...... Small by a few centimetres, I could probably nearly fit my fingers over his in that hand comparison thing people do for some reason. Why do I like how his small his hands are compared to mine? I like it but just the why part confuses me," I thought as Tony slightly rolled a little into me, "I wonder why he's so resentful of sleeping and works all the time," I thought.
Soon as I'm all set I start doing target practice with flying small to semi large objects, so I aim to a spot where I can hit almost all of them with a ding around move.
I nod, "understood," I said then the ding happened again, it says "oh no," I thought as I read it. "Um I might've already sent it to him," Hawkeyes text said.
After like a lot of stepping through a lot of mess, I finally get to the bed, slowly laying him down, he holds my hand still looking at it in the most fascinated way. "Why are you so interested about my hand?" I ask him generally unsure why looking at him dead in the eye. He just shrugs and keep playing with my hand, he just lay there on the bed, holding my hand until I spoke up and said: "Tony........ Honey..... Let go of my hand so you can get undercover".
"It's just how he deals with his uh nightmare anyway I need to go" Bruce texted me and I just sent a "okay".
I sigh gently, patting his head, "Hmmm Cap," a small mumble into the side of my hip, which startled me if I'm being honest.
I text back "I'm not trying to be rude but I like to know what you, the hulk and him were talking about. I'm his friend in all actually I care for him" I sent it without thinking.
Maybe an hour or three goes by, checking the news and information on the phone, I start getting mainly bored of laying around, I try to get up but Tony is clung onto me, "hmm what do I do?" I think as he nuzzled into my hip, "he's lightish weight so I could just gently push him off me...... and replace me with something," I thought.
"Stark," Captain yelled, in a more deep and more angry tone, storming down the tiled hallway, his footsteps are louder and louder as he gets to Tony's lab since he has been there for almost a week straight and you could even smell the alcohol and not showering from ground level and up (maybe an overstatement).
The wall are all white and the place has black tiled flooring, I slowly put the clothes into the dryer and make sure not to overfill them.
I roll my eyes, "acting like Stark I see and what's on your side...... It looks like a Ark Reator, got to close to Stark and burnt you hmm," he said.
I get some good leftovers from a night go and hear a voice saying, "Why or how did you get that mark on your hip Cap?,", I thought for a moment then Sam said "and on your side. Are you and Tony um fighting again?" In a questionable tone.
I walked to the pole, "Jarvis do I have anything on?," I asked and he said, "no but suggested look after Tony and or rpending on his emotions the fighting hall area as it's free".
"Friday be a dear code 240," he said with anger in his tone of voice and she says yes and he starts punching.
I give it to him as soon as he starts pouting, I roll my eyes at the sight of him being this childish like the man that has drunk more than four times his body weight within two weeks. I sit at the edge of the bed, I slowly lose the grip of being wake from carrying him everywhere and plus it's way pass 1am but like I do a lot of stuff every day, I look over to see Tony playing with my hand, studying it in a weird way until I get a ding from the phone thing Stark gave me and it's from Hawkeye:
"Fine I said look like you and Starky had well........ Not so pg fight," he said putting fight in finger quotes and I realised what he means what that means, my face feels rather warm.
"Hmmm I understand that, maybe best course is to be his...... well check up on him" Bruce typed and I typed back, "be his what?" And then typed "Uh yes I can do that," then typed a few minutes later, "do you know anything about his sleeping issues of being overly shaky and looked in pain,".
He stopped and said: "pretty" then went back to what he was doing with my arm, I'm getting angry so I just look away, pissed off. The thing I never thought Stark would do when I'm in this mood is resting his head on my shoulder. So in logical case, I put my head on top of his and said: "do you want both of my hands or just the one,".
I see as I entered the living room, Hulk and Thor arguing over something on the balcony and up the poll is the best regards of action.
A couple of seconds later, I water wash the dish I had and when I got there, I see the Dryers, washers and something I don't really understand.
I look at him, he's still asleep, so he's alive and just sleeping which is good, I  pat his head, "what do I do? Hmm" I thought as my face got more warm. "Why? Just why?" I thought, as my face got more and more warm as Tony nuzzled into me.
I pat his head, running my hand slowly through his hair, I get calmer its nice to, "this feeling is confusing but it feels okay to be it," I thought as I get a coming call.
," he said softly and slowly making sure not to move around too fast. Tony didn't respond, just look at the screen, drinking until he looks down to the side, down at my shoes first time within who knows how long of not talking, said "I need to make changes to them," then up my body to my face his eyes dragged up in a weird way, Cap doesn't understand why or what he's doing but it's better than that screen. "Tony it's going to be okay... What's that about my shoes" he said as Tony plainly stares at him but even Cap doesn't think it's plainly more like a weird high-drunk mix, then Stark's hand touches Caps hand like a foreign object, looking at it puzzled. "How do I get this toddler of a man to bed," Cap thought as he heard a tic sound as his hand gets played with if that's even the right wording. Then one idiotic idea comes up, it will do but probably backfire yet again improbably, "Hey Tony how's this as a deal," he said, Tony cocks his head to the side a bit while still fascinated by Caps' hands, Cap continues "if you go to bed and actually sleep for once, you can have me do what you want for a few days,". As soon as that sentence, left Caps' mouth, Tony shift his eyebrow and looking slightly up and his dry mouth says "I don't want to walk" in a tired and sad tone. "I can't be saying this but," he thought as he said this slowly, "I could just.... Carry you.... there,".
I replied "yes and please call me steve when we are off the job" and then not even a minute later Bruce texted back "thank you, he's being in the lab for so long trying to make his armour better, looking at his hands and honestly I love the focuses but he needs a real break. We talked a while back about me, Hulk and him and he seems really sad about it."
Jarvis's voice came through the small speakers on the door "Hello Mr Captain America, Mr stark isn't available, please try another time,". His voice annoys Cap in a way unknown, and the funky way it talks to Cap imparticular not as robotic and formal unlike to everyone else. "Stark get out here now or I'm coming in," Cap yelled, in that angered voice that rocks anyone soul, only Tony hears that voice when Cap's really pissed off. "Tony," Cap said still in that voice.
I approached him slowly, coming up to him, I slowly press my hand into his hand that is free, he immediately latched onto my hand. I slowly sat down and he when from my hand to my leg, just started hugging it, so I pat his head until he had less down to the slight shivers. I softly slowly move my hand down from patting rubbing his back to see if that's better.
“That’s why I want this to work,” Tony says, and there are tears in his eyes, tears that he rubs from his eyes. “I fear that if I pushed it, pushed myself, pushed you, that we would crash and burn, and I want this to last, Steve. I want
James grins down at him, all teeth. “It’s not easy to do more than that.” He pauses. “They’ve got their best guys on me. They’re watching me constantly. Hell, they probably have a car parked across the street right now.”
Phillips colours. “What happened that night was regrettable, yes, but we can’t deny that Hodge would be the perfect candidate.”
Images flash through his mind, of all the different ways that a woman who looks like Natasha Romanoff might have fucked Steve, made him feel like a man instead of just a father and just a husband, living a G-rated life.
“Hi, baby,” he says, with an old, snug smile fitting bright across his face. “What are you doing up so early? It’s a weekend.”
He pushes open the door, and there’s an alpha sitting on the edge of one of the cots, shirtless, in dark slacks, barefoot. Tony gapes at him, and the alpha gapes back.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip and then, purposefully rubs his body against Steve’s, feeling Steve’s erection nudge him in the hip.
Tony clears his throat in an attempt to rid the suffocating, sticky silence hanging in the air between them, in an attempt to even blink away the sight of James looking at him like that.
“Jesus, there’s more than I thought,” Steve comments. “Dr. Virgil Potts. So, I guess your mother was right, and Pepper’s father was our shrink.”
She beats them black and blue, spinning in the cold night faster than his eyes catch, her hair loosening from its dark curls, and she’s beautiful, maybe the most beautiful alpha that Tony has ever seen (that’s a lie; when Steve Rogers smiles, it does things to him that he didn’t even think were possible).
The killer stumbles after him, in that clunky, open-legged way of his, like he knows that freaks Tony out even more.
Tony closes his eyes, and the tears rise, unbidden. “Not this. You will absolutely judge me for this,” he whispers.
He says it with such great resolve that Tony sways towards him, out of a desperate need for some human, tangible comfort, but Steve squeezes his hand, and Tony pulls away.
“I am, I am. I’ve been waiting for your session all fucking week,” Tony pants. “I knew I’d be coming to see you, so I stopped at blowjobs. Didn’t want anyone making me loose.”
feels like the cheating bastard, reminiscing about the hot night of fucking between him and someone who is
“If we do not…” Tony wrestles with the words, “if we do not consummate this marriage, if you do not bed me, there will be no child, and they will think me either barren or incapable of performing my duties as an omega.”
Phillips ignores him, tilting his head so that he can look at Tony. “You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy,” he warns.
“I thought I could be cold enough to do it, that I could channel all the hurt and the rage and the betrayal, and just-”
That’s how Steve finds him, when he finally comes home, at two in the morning, a backpack slung over his shoulder, wearing a sweater vest and neatly pressed slacks. He almost stumbles when he switches on the light in the lounge, and he sees Tony there, on the couch, sitting in the dark, a glass of wine cradled between his fingers.
He draws his steel from its scabbard, until the flat of the blade is seated in his upturned palms. He offers it to Tony.
what you’ve been doing this whole fucking time. Aren’t you Catholic? Isn’t adultery a sin? Then again, so is liking cock, and you do that pretty well, but maybe the two sins cancel each out.”
“Do you really want to have this conversation?” Tony asks, pointedly. “This is… this is dangerous territory, don’t you think? I have a husband and kids, and we haven’t seen each other in years, and you’re clearly back because something bad is happening and you need my help, and maybe… maybe, we should
“Steven and Anthony, have you come here to enter into marriage without coercion, freely and wholeheartedly?” the Catholic priest begins, solemnly. “Are you prepared, as you follow the path of marriage, to love and honour each other for as long as you both shall live?”
But while it makes him feel soft and small, swallowed up by Steve’s muscles, today, it turns him cold from the inside-out.
“We can do this,” he says, after a moment, gravely. “It’ll work. I… have to believe that it’ll work.”
Howard leans against a 1942 Cadillac, and all of the omegas are watching him with stars in their eyes – even in his forties, Tony understands why they want him, with that grin that lights up his face, never quite reaching his eyes, the look in his eyes, the salt and pepper brushing his hairline.
And then, Tony slides out from underneath the covers and starts stripping; first, his shirt, and then, he rolls down the waistband of his sweatpants along with his underwear, until he’s kicking both articles of clothing under the bed, and straightening, showing his nakedness without hesitation to Steve.
"Something like that. Has there been any progress on the events around?" I asked trying to out of that question.
"Hawkeye if you send it to him I will not hesitate to make a week of your life dead painful" I typed jokingly "Just because it's just some moves that aren't really hard with my body maybe with my old body...... I do miss that simple time but I really don't," I thought as I look back down to Tony, "nah I don't" I thought. His heart is glowing through his grey long sheeve and black loose shirt combo, my shirt he's holding and the blanket, "is that safe?" I mumbled.
"Yet again I ask this question: Why?" I simply but quietly asked, looking at him as he stops for a quick second then keep playing and said quietly: "pretty,". I just look at him slightly concerned and confused, I could feel my face getting slightly more warm, "I er what?" I said, my brain is very concerned with his uh mood.
Hawkeye message on the other hand is rather jokey, reading, "Cap being extra is rather funny. I didn't know you can do pole dancing sports". "He saw out of anyone him" I thought as I type back, "uh I don't know what you're talking about".
I slowly grab a pillow and put it in between me and him. Slowly slipping away from his grasp and slowly walked over to the door, slipping into the hallway, down to the kitchen to get some food.
"Mate I got a video saying otherwise so spill it" his text said, I shrugged and text back, "eh why? It's the past".
I stop looking at my phone and Tony still looking at my hand, holding my hand and with his other hand, touching the veins of my hands and mostly skin.
His hand slowly hold onto the top of the back of the chair, he hoped it's softly so it's easier to talk to him. "Tony," he said slowly, continue watching him carefully "it's time to sleep,". Tony didn't say anything, just looked at the screen and drinking that weird drink that Jarvis keeps bringing it to him. A few minutes of nothing but the stink of the lab and the screen hurting Caps' eyes, he looked away but a small mumble came from Tony but he couldn't hear it so he came slowly closer then he hears a small voice saying: "hey"
"Thank you Jarvis, tell Sam if he needs help I can help him and keep a eye on the duo please," I said, picking up the basket and walking out the room to the laundry room.
Hulk looks at me, and he stands down away from me, "I sorry but," he said but then I shake my head "no Buts," I said.
The ding from the phone stop me from looking at Tony more and look to my phone to see Hawkeyes text.
He still playing with his hand, and that drink on the desk, and started to walk to Tony's room a floor down but usually he just sleeps in here like some dumbass.
"oh we were talking about Hulk can always have a break from being the hulk and letting me be the host of the body until he wants to or if an event happens but Tony he can't. His heart is an ark reactor he's always going to be Ironman and Tony Stark but never really Tony like I know him and most likely you. You were his idol when he was younger even so now though he would protest about it but it is true. The way he looks at you and how he puts you to first to talk to is amazing and odd because me and him are science bros but you two have some type of relationship that makes him feel the most him the most safe. That's why in duos for battles he chooses who with who and nine times out of ten it's you or how he checks that you are alright with the choosing and are okay after battles. Thor goes with hulk, you get it. He's seen as some robotic husk of a suit and by the media much much worst. His mental health has been the worst and everyone can see it. But he listens to you so try help him out of that state I know you will Steve :)".
Cap steps slowly towards the man, eyeing the surrounding area like the blaster on the desk beside him, his body wanted nothing but to comfort the man but that wouldn't be the right course if done incorrectly.
My back getting sore from backboard, so I shimmy downwards until I feel comfortable, and just lay there, looking at the roof. "Sir," Jarvis said nearly making me jump. "Jarvis be more quieter,"I said. "Yes Capitan....... I was asking would you like me to put some stars from the current Livestream? On the roof?" He asked with that voice again. "Ah yes sure..... One thing Jarvis," I said. "Ask away sir" he said. "Pardon me if I'm rude but do you have that voice with me but not with the others," I asked.
"Of course," Jarvis said, then I started putting the dirty clothes in the basket and cleaned the floor like hanging up clothing making sure the books are tidy, I stretched my body, my bones do that werid click sound and a robotic voice said: "Sir everything's okay just Sam is having trouble with his work and Thor and Hulk are having a friendly yell about something,".
"Tony," I softly said, looking at him fondly, patting his head, I continue, "it's hard...... To be mad at you,".
After the recent attacks over and over again, the team is so rocky that Tony and Cap are fighting but more than physical more sociable by not talking. Yelling and breaking stuff is a daily occurrence but it's fucking weird even from Ironman's standards.
I see Tony turning and tossing in a more panic mess, "Jarvis what do I do?" I asked him and he said "well sir he has more of a relax mental with you so," I nod.
The door opened slightly, with a quiet but not shy timed kind, but the one who's simply done with everything and wants the simple release of death, without the pain of carrying shit like the traumatizing weight of life and burden of losing people and regret of not acting sooner on their shoulder like a hust of a thin man who used to loved partying and playing around who know what drinks and work all day party all night.
I sent back "noted and thank you" then I look down at Tony, just nuzzling into me, I couldn't help but pat his hair it feels nice but it does really need a clean.
Then a few good seconds before my hand is on his face fully, "Ah er Tony," I said, confused as my face get warmer.
I start cleaning up Tony's room because it's the easiest way to make sure he gets sleep, I went top to bottom making sure everywhere, Jarvis voice says, "Good morning Sir, Thank you for cleaning his room" and I responded with "No problem anything for my To- best friend Tony," and then thought for a minute then asked: "could you check up what's happening outside Tony's door like the team?,".
A few hours later, I wake up hearing Hulk or Thor most likely running down the hall, it's always so loud in the morning. I stretching out my body but I couldn't move my right leg, I open my eyes and can't move my head to that side either.
Cap walked to the lab, bangs onto the door for maybe an hour until, "Stark put up the protective barriers of the glass windows and doors," he thought to himself unhappy and very pissed without having the opportunity to punch it out. "Stark," he yelled, knocking on the protective barrier door.
"Why" is Cap could say, Tony didn't say anything, just shrugged and drank his drink more, look to his screen, nothing he's very dead in the head even if he's smart but he's only human. Cap slowly walked towards the man with the messy hair and unkept lab which smelt like fried electronics.
I sigh, I walk up to Hulk, "Hulk please stand down, I'm sure you two can have a friendly and no fully damaging fight without the express the need to ruin Sam's mum's cooking," I said clear calm and collected.
I slowly slip out of Tony's grasped, but he wouldn't let my shirt go so I slipped out of it and "cleaning in the morning is rather nice," I thought as put back the covering over Tony.
The captain could yell at him for saying only hey after two weeks straight of no contact, no directions from the "leader" but he won't let himself make everything worst and make Ironman more unstable than ever. "Hey, Tony it's me, Steve... Cap
"Jarvis is Tony?" I started asking and Jarvis said, "yes his heart is just trying to make sure other systems in his body are going okay Sir," he said.
"What can I do what can I do?" I thought, puzzled. "Okay Tony," I say but he's not listening so I try again but more closer to his ears, "Tony,". Tony's face change for a slight second than when back to looking at my hand and now more interested in my whole arm, "weird little man a little science man," I thought as he just looks at my arm and hand and more closely at all the little cuts and stitching from every battle. I get a little closer to his ear to see if that would have any impact, "now Tony it's rude to not listen to your......... friends," I say, getting angrier at him but he doesn't respond just keeps looking at my arm and wrist probably thinking. "I had it up to here with him....... I don't always get this pissed with him but he needs to listen to me," I thought as I tense up. "Tony Stark listen to me now," I said right into his ear, in that deep rather angry voice, knowing he listens to that any day.
