“Then maybe that’s a sign that means you should stop being so nosy.” John gave him a pointed look as he disappeared into the bathroom amidst Sirius, Remus, and Peter’s chuckles. “No, really,” he said, poking his head around the door. “Lily probably just isn’t comfortable with the amount of attention you keep giving her. Maybe you should back off a little and give her some space.”
"I hope you don't."
“He was at the kitchens, eating crystallized pineapple,” Sherlock said to John, his voice contemptuous. “You can tell by the traces of sugar on his fingers and moustache.”
John ran through a warzone trying to get to a young Corporal who had been shot in the hip. The man's screams pierced the air, although they were drowned out by the sounds of grenades, mortars, and gunfire.
Worse than that was the homesickness. He missed Sherlock. He missed him with a desperate, aching, longing sadness that crushed his heart and drove the air from his lungs. When he closed his eyes and could finally dream, he dreamt of warm nights in 221B by the fire, sipping tea and laughing with Sherlock about one thing or another. Sometimes Sherlock would be playing his violin. Other times, his fantasies would emerge, and they would be kissing, with John's hands cupped around Sherlock's face or lingering at his narrow hips, holding him tenderly. Sometimes they would move on to more than kissing, but that's when his imagination fails him. He couldn't imagine what it would be like to be with Sherlock.
She beamed. "My boys," she said fondly.
John sprinted to the soldier's side, in an awkward half crouch. He skidded to a stop next to him and the soldier looked up at him pleadingly. "It's alright, you're gonna be alright." John lifted the soldier's hands away from his leg and withdrew a tourniquet from his med pack, strapping it around the leg. "Okay, let's get you out of here," he said, hoisting the soldier up.
Someone pulled him away from the sand bags and he struggled until he realized it was Singh. The man was yelling something, but John's ears were ringing and he couldn't hear. He blinked in bemusement.
The vehicle plowed into the ground, jarring its occupants. John smacked his head into something, probably Batista's arm. It hurt. He probably got a concussion.
The other students have already filed into the dungeon by the time the late bell rings and Sherlock walks in after them. John watches as he chooses a seat in the corner, away from the others. Nobody gives him a second look.
John smiled almost sadly. "He's furious."
“No.”
like you,” John said, almost fiercely now although keeping his voice low to prevent eavesdroppers from hearing him. “And you’re my friend, alright?”
"Fine."
He grinned. "Make sure Sherlock doesn't get to them first."
“Sorry about that,” he said, grinning sheepishly. “
“What do people usually say?”
saying Grace, it’s a terribly long prayer: dinner was almost over.
Peter nervously tightened it. Sherlock let out a soft noise of derision. “Don’t be ridiculous, Pettigrew. The rule has been disregarded since 1793.”
“You can’t know that,” Remus said in a placating voice, ever the mediator among his friends. “Who knows, maybe he’ll be different like you, Sirius.”
"What did you say?"
A shudder ran through him at the sound of Sherlock's baritone voice and his body relaxed. "Yes?" He turned around to see Sherlock standing behind him.
"Sir, are you alright?" Another medic, a man named Akbar, crouched next to him.
Ahead, Sherlock was already holding up the crime scene tape. He looked over his shoulder when he saw that John wasn't there. "Hurry up, John!"
"More like touched in the head," a lieutenant behind him muttered. "What took you so long? We almost had to leave without you."
“Fine. James?”
” James said to the Fat Lady in a flawless German accent.
There was a pause, then Sherlock nodded once. John rubbed his eyes, feeling tired after the day’s events. “You should get back to your dorm. Curfew’s already in place and we have class tomorrow. Get some sleep.”
“I would say the same thing about the Blacks.”
“I’ll see you at breakfast tomorrow.” He smirked at Sherlock’s disgruntled expression. “Good night, Sherlock.”
The Sorting finished soon afterwards, with “Ullman, Terrence” sorted to Ravenclaw and Dumbledore stood, beaming at them all.
"He's scared." She blinked and the tears threatened to fall. "You must be safe, John."
"John," Sherlock interrupted, not looking at his face and instead staring at his right knee. "You do not need to explain yourself. Mycroft has already informed me of your reasons for accepting the request. I…" He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before saying his next words in a fast rush. "I believe that what you're doing is extremely noble and I would like to apologize for my earlier behavior."
Holmes scrunched his nose, looking disgusted, and the fevered light died. “No. No, that was not. Mycroft is in Slytherin and I’m
"I will." He reached forward and hugged her.
“Yes?”
"'Separate'?" John asked, alarmed at the word choice. His heart sank. "Sherlock, are you telling me—"
He nodded, suddenly unable to speak due to the lump in his throat, and she released him, smiling in a rather watery way. John smiled back at the woman who had been like a mother to him and turned away to pick up his duffel bag.
Before Lestrade could say any more, Sherlock abruptly appeared next to them. "Your murderer is a 40 year old man with a prosthetic arm and two dogs; a French Bulldog and a Shih Tzu, to be precise. He used to be a car mechanic, but lost the arm in an accident and is now working a desk job, which he's unsatisfied with. The husband is his current boss, which is why the murderer killed him, and the jewelry was stolen as a poor attempt to pass it off as a robbery, although the murderer could also be hoping to pawn them to pay off his gambling debt. John, anything else?"
“John Watson?” a fifth year girl John didn’t recognize was standing next to him.
“That… was amazing.”
Sherlock shook his head and John sighed. "Alright. But don't do that to Mrs. Hudson. You know how worried she gets."
Professor Herbert, a well-liked former Auror, smiled as enthusiastic applause swept through the Great Hall.
As he laid in bed that night before lights out, his thoughts wandered to 221B. Was Sherlock playing his violin or was he out helping Lestrade solve a particularly difficult case? Is he eating? John had made sure Mrs. Hudson would be there to shove food down Sherlock's throat if necessary, but that doesn't mean Sherlock wouldn't manipulate her into leaving him alone. Well, even if he managed to do that, there was still Mycroft to contend with.
But Lily shot him a look that could’ve frozen the rain to hail and didn’t reply. “How was your summer, John?” she asked instead.
John burst into giggles as he panted, chest heaving for breath as he bent over. “Okay. That was ridiculous. That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“’Night, John.”
He hasn't even been gone a week. No need for that.
“I’ll be right up!” He called back as he dashed for the Ravenclaw table.
And then Batista was there, grabbing him and the wounded soldier and dragging them away towards their vehicle. They make it in and they were moving, away from the battlefield back towards their base. They were safe. They made it out.
John pulled his fortune out and popped the cookie halves into his mouth, chewing as he read:
He nodded again.
"Nothing, nothing."
But he faltered, as he saw that Sherlock had gone rigid. His eyes flashed and his lips were pressed tight. The fortune was clutched in his hands, half-hidden and stretched taut. Sherlock suddenly blinked, took a quick breath, and looked up. "Did you say something, John?" His voice was pleasant, but there was a slight strain to it that would have been virtually undetectable by anyone not John Watson.
They stared at each other, lost, until John cleared his throat. "Well, er, I guess this is it." He shuffled, desperately trying to think of a way to break the awkwardness of the situation.
The man snatched up his cup of tea and plopped into his chair, avoiding John's eyes. They sat in silence, the tension building until John finally had enough.
"I got into a fight, obviously," Sherlock said, all arrogance and disdain. "Surely you can see that."
He laughed to himself. No, that was never going to happen. But it was nice to dream.
"All the people you couldn't save today, it's not your fault they died. Sometimes we can't do anything for them. We're not God." Ross spoke like he'd said the words one too many times before.
John let out a sigh of exasperation. “If you don’t eat, I’ll make Greg Lestrade give you detention.” The threat has worked before, as the Hufflepuff prefect had also befriended Sherlock and worried about his health after realizing the boy did not eat as much as he should, but it had resulted in Sherlock actively ignoring John for two days.
"But, Captain—"
“Both of whom have been introduced to my brother through you. Their friendship was also grudging, as I recall, and was only initiated due to one Lily Evans and you.”
She gasped and her hands clapped together. "Oh, yes! I've forgot about those!" Her sadness forgotten, Mrs. Hudson beamed and patted his arm affectionately. "I'll be sure to send some of my biscuits; I know how much you like them."
John reached into his breast pocket, touched the folded scarf stuffed into it. It was ragged with use and rough and faded from the detergent he used to wash it, but it was Sherlock's.
"What happened to your previous crew?" John asks as we exit the pub.
“You’ve been in denial since the day I met you at Barts. I couldn't understand what you were saying to me just now because I already knew this. I assumed you knew that I knew. Apologies for grasping that you had no idea of my knowledge on your sexuality sooner.”
The woman looked between Greg and John and then Sherlock who was sitting quietly in the corner beside John. Suddenly it dawned on Sheryl what Greg is trying to say. “O-oh.” She stuttered. “I apologize.” And with that, she quickly ran back to her friends on the other side of the bar.
“Am I not?”
No matter how many times John has corrected Angelo, he completely ignores John or talks over him like he isn't even speaking. It’s a bit annoying really, if Angelo wasn't such a nice guy with fantastic food, he may have stopped going there. But when John can’t get Sherlock to agree on any kind of food, Angelo’s is the best place he can get Sherlock to eat. It’s a sacrifice really, suffer under the assumption by all the employees that he is gay, so his best friend doesn't starve himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Please John, do not question my deductions. The personality traits of you and your sister are enough for me to know that your parents are kind people. Besides, I highly doubt that your sister would be so happily open about her relationship if things didn't go well at home about it.”
is the next generation to lead the world.
John pressed his lips into a fine line. “Yes yes alright. I wasn't fully myself that night.”
“I told you not to call me that.” Mycroft snaps, politely. “It is well.” He answers without elaborating, mimicking Earnest by taking a sip from his glass.
Sherlock frowned as John started to pack up his things. “Don’t bother.” Sherlock said without any of his usual malice.
"You're thinking, it's annoying," I stated and John shook his head and walked back over to me. He leaned against the railing directly in front of the helm and stared at me.
I waited for John to continue, but he stopped. He is waiting for me to fill in the blanks. John does not know who Maryse is to me, but he knows her, he's met her. She wouldn't be stupid enough to mention my name or mention me at all. Good, John is still in the dark, I will see to keep it that way.
"Even better." Lestrade snaps before he rests his arms on the table and leans onto them. "Look, Sherlock, sailing with you was wonderful but I'm ready to settle down. I'm getting too old for the sea."
John entered the large library to find a few students he didn't recognize and the grumpy, old lady running the front desk, ignoring Johns presence completely. This is perfect, finally somewhere he can get some peace and privacy.
"Very good job, Captain Watson," I stated and then proceeded to look busy at steering us on the ocean.
The silence continues, and suddenly John is being pulled from the table by his shoulder. John doesn't fight it, he just lets himself be guided through the maze of halls and outside into the fresh air. They both ignored Sigers call for ‘William’ to return.
"He's harmless, John." I feel the need to tell him. Same-sex relationships are forbidden in most countries and could result in things far worse than the gallows. It's only natural for John to be shocked by the blatant assumption, however, he is on an island full of pirates so it shouldn't come as much of a surprise.
"Is that all you got?"
“Number five is the bar with you, myself and Garrett-”
“Is that-” John gave Sherlock a pointed glare. “You can’t be flinging blowtorches across the room, Sherlock. No actually, you shouldn’t even be bringing them inside-”
"Well, you do a lousy job of it," John smirked. "Don't give me that look, yes I followed you. I caught sight of you when you were walking across the Thames. I know everyone in that city. It was my job to protect them once, and then it became my job to heal them. I have had everyone as my patient at least once. Perks of being the only good Doctor on the island."
I frowned further at him. "You're asking a man in a cell if he wants to be released. How could I not agree?"
"I almost became a blacksmith, but Harry wouldn't have it. She knew what I wanted, and she pushed me to get it by any means." He finally finished his plate and leans back in his seat.
It was something simple that finally made John see clearly. It shouldn't have happened, it was completely reckless, but leave it to Sherlock to do something so absurd.
about how she just
He pulls Johns legs over his own horizontally and wraps his arm around Johns back. John tenses up at such contact. He has never received this kind of affection, ever. Even as a child, his parents never so much as kissed him goodnight, let alone hug or hold him. This is strange for John, but suddenly he is gripping Sherlock’s shirt collar and pressing his face into Sherlock’s neck as he begins to sob again.
Sherlock couldn't help the smile on his face. He also couldn't help the frown that formed between his brows as well, fore the man still didn't reveal himself. They only have one year left together, what if Sherlock never discovers who this person is? Why was he late? Did Sherlock meet the person? No, that couldn't be, they wouldn't have done anything at all if that were the case.
The blond paused and let out a deep sigh of relief. “At the yard?”
"Over the bench," the Dom ordered.
Sherlock almost smiled at that, but then his expression took on a defeated look again.
So it was a she… that was different. It wasn't uncommon for women to be Dominant, it was just the first he had heard of John knowing a female Dom. It was fairly obvious really and he shouldn't have been that surprised.
"What for, sir?" Mycroft asked.
Download from
Sherlock could tell Mycroft was enjoying himself too much. Far too much.
Greg glanced in the rear view at the other pair and grinned. "You were right, babe. We needed time away from home."
John shook his head, putting his index finger to his pet’s lips. “Don’t. Let’s go to the den.”
Siger mock winced. "You just had to say it." He broke into a smile. "I actually like the sound of it."
The Dom smiled as his sub obeyed. He knew it wouldn’t last, but for now he was willing to pretend that it might and jump straight into the aftercare the boy so obviously needed.
John nodded once. “Yes. Just thought we had got passed this.”
The detective’s eyes fell on the paper on the unit that Mrs. Hudson had left lying around and John had commandeered from the coffee table the day before. “Let me guess...” he read the front cover. WINDOWS SMASHED AT BUCKINGHAM PALACE. “Broken windows?”
“And I received swearing and abuse and still a lack of proper address!” John thundered. “Now if I were you, I would shut up.”
John was most surprised when they pulled up outside the harvester just on the outskirts of town. All you could eat salad would keep Finn and Sherlock happy for hours. Of course, there was the very real danger of a food fight, but the doctor would worry about that if it happened.
That had completely broken him, the least he could do was give him a bit of comfort. He knew he couldn’t leave him alone all night. Sub drop was a dangerous place, as was Panic.
“Shame you can't crawl, boy. You'll have to knee walk.”
“And what would you do once you had got it off?” John asked, watching carefully. The sub didn’t flinch or jerk in surprise which meant he was more than aware he was scrutinizing him. He just didn’t care. John smiled.
There was something in her voice that Mycroft didn't like. "Eurus..."
"Hell, Mycroft. I've touched one. It walked through me." With that, John left the government official standing there and headed upstairs.
The blond pushed his hand through Sherlock's untamely curls and was met with no resistance.
On the screen, Eurus was laughing, her eyes were wide with amusement as she watched her brothers.
John had reached his third hit and Sherlock hadn’t uttered a sound.
"You'll be able to wash them in the shop," Mycroft stated the obvious.
It was his brother who appeared at the door. “You're amazing with him,” he offered once he knew John had shut the bedroom door behind them to help the boy get changed.
"No, hold it."
Sherlock’s head snapped up at that, his glare back in place. John was almost glad. He had almost forgotten what it was like. Even so, the cold was beginning to seep up his knees, because of being unclothed there was no barrier.
“I'm in no way abandoning you, you are still my submissive. The contract is still valid, but when you're out of here you will be punished, Sherlock. And it'll be far worse than jogging up the street, are we clear on that?”
The blond nodded. “Well, the car’s going to take 15 minutes at least, that should be long enough to put you under.” He admired the detective for a moment and then pointed to the door. “Go and kneel in your room, pet, by your bed.”
Download from
"Can't I say something pointed on occasion? Just once a week or so?"
Was this old army doctor… intrigued by that?
"You sitting there all morning?"
“Sir, I’m-”
"But you would enjoy that," Greg said as he walked towards him slowly.
John looked over at the other couple and smiled. "Which one?"
“Where’s my brother?” he asked, scowling.
With a sigh, John led the government official across the room, none too gently and pushed him down into the armchair for the support. “Alright?” He tried, but Mycroft’s teeth were clenched together and he wouldn’t meet his eye, choosing instead to stare at the floor between his Dom’s feet.
The doctor reached between the seats and grabbed Mycroft's ear, then pulled his head back through and pointed at his sub's feet that were stamping. "He can do that too."
“Are you going to… you know, again?”
“Is there a problem?”
He nodded again and offered up a weak smile. John pushed his finger in as far as possible and then twisted it and swirled it around before locating his prostate. The sub’s length hardened immediately.
He took him by the scruff of the neck, straight to the toilet and yanked down his trousers. Sherlock couldn't speak and he couldn't do anything that would remotely help the situation, but he could make it worse. However, for once he chose not to. Things seemed bad enough. Especially when John grabbed his cock and aimed it at the toilet.
Sherlock felt something cold and hard at his entrance. He tensed as it pushed into him. The intrusion was not a shock, John had been stretching him for a reason, after all. With his knees buckled to the side of the bench he was completely trussed up for John to force what had to be a glass dildo at his entrance. It was the only toy his mind went to with being cold and hard.
"Finn, you need to go to the bathroom before we go in," John told the little boy. "Come on."
John took one of the floggers and smacked it against his own thigh, getting a feel for its weight. "Brace yourself, boy," he warned, then he let the flogger fly, hitting Sherlock across the shoulders with it.
Several people joined him on the lift. Sherlock was able to deduce that one of the men was involved in something requiring a high level of security. He noted the button the man pushed to see what floor he was going to. It was high up in the building.
"I can't sleep, sir."
The doctor ran the cloth over every inch of Sherlock's back, then he turned his pet around and started on his front. When he got to Sherlock's caged cock and bollocks, he washed them clinically, with as little stimulation as possible.
Irene sat down gracefully and crossed her legs. "I would have given up Kate for you, Sherlock, but it was all a game. Dear old Jim got it wrong. You're the Iceman, turning away my affections. Your brother, was just doing a job." The dominatrix turned a sneer on Mycroft. "Weren't you?"
She slapped the detective to silence him. "You do not get to argue with me!"
"Yes, sir."
“But that doesn’t change the fact you’re about to tell me something important.”
John took him by his curls and led him inside, stopping in the play side of the room.
“Doesn’t mean you don’t need one.”
“Bollocks!” John growled, smacking him with a clenched fist once more to make his point.
"Yeah." He settled back in his armchair. "What could I possibly do right now? Those things aren't even nearby."
"John," the Dominatrix said, smiling warmly, "fancy seeing you out in London town, while working no less."
John stared at the back of his sub, debating what to do to him next. Maybe he should make him listen whilst he used Mycroft to get himself off.
Several minutes later, Greg padded into the playroom quietly. He looked at the sleeping detective, then glanced at John with a questioning look on his face.
"See, good boy," Irene claimed.
John laughed at the awkward way in which Greg had had to get the bottle and reached around to pluck it from his cuffed wrists. "I think you should go in the corner now."
"Have you got that one?" Greg asked. At John's nod, he bent down and picked Sherlock up, "Shower first, then we can get chips on the beach."
Singh watched him for a few more seconds, then swung himself back upright. "You might want to finish that letter now," he said from above. "Mail ships out tomorrow afternoon."
that means he’s had experience with combat and enough of it to be able to prepare you so well at such a young age. Your position as Beater is easy to see: callouses on your hand show you grip something cylindrical on a regular basis— not your wand, it’s too thin and the callouses are on the wrong places— and your arm muscles indicate you deal with something heavy or with a lot of force, both of which almost equate to the same thing so, Beater it is. You can’t be Chaser, because your fingertips don’t have the bruising or callouses of one and your build is wrong for a Seeker. I would’ve thought Keeper, but I know for a fact that the Gryffindor Keeper position is currently manned by your Quidditch Captain.
The Hat needed only twenty seconds to make its decision.
But the boy let out a snort. “And my grandmother’s a hippogriff. Trust me on this, Remus. If there ever was a pureblood family more attuned to Slytherin than the Blacks or the Malfoys, it’s the Holmeses.”
“They deserve it,” Holmes said shortly.
When the song was done, Professor McGonagall brandished a piece of parchment and began calling out names.
"It's not your fault, you know."
“Ugh, don’t call me that. That’s what Mycroft makes people call him. Call me Sherlock, please.”
They started again, though at a much slower pace than before. They were coming up a rise in the land and John scanned his surroundings suspiciously. This was a good location for an ambush.
“Hm. Well, I suspect you heard the rumor that Mycroft and I are not on good terms with each other? Soo Lin Yao approached me about it and as it’s not a subject I wish to discuss with strangers, I deduced that she is involved with a criminal organization and her boyfriend is cheating on her with one of her friends.”
"My brother has no idea that the Army is looking to bring you back to active duty."
"Because I know you will accept." Mycroft finally looked at him and his eyes were like ice. "I've said it to you once before: bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity."
“Well
James looked disappointed. “That’s it? But she knows about your sister and you know about hers. And what’s the ‘usual stuff’?”
The lights were on when he got up there, but Sherlock was nowhere to be found. John could hear water running, however, and assumed he was in the bathroom cleaning up. Deciding it was better to start with a peace offering, John put the kettle on for tea and leaned against the counter, staring into the distance.
John looked towards the house as well. Sherlock was now examining the shattered window while Anderson, who was standing behind him, glared and grumbled. "I'm going to miss him."
“Carson, Cecily!”
The convoy being sent out today was to head southeast, aiming towards a little village that was occupied by the enemy. They capture that, and a whole swath of territory was theirs. John was there as medic, although he would also lead his own small unit.
"I can't, John."
John wearily looked up to see Arthur Ross, another army-doctor-turned-medic, standing in front of him. "Hullo, Ross," he said.
The doors burst open and in strode Professor McGonagall leading a bunch of skittish first years, about thirty at most. The first years were all peering nervously around at the enchanted ceiling, the floating candles, and the curious faces of the seated students with fear and astonishment. However, only one of them was glancing about him with a look of almost disdain on his face. It was the boy John had knocked over in Hogsmeade Station.
Horrified, John looked down to see raggedy Mrs. Norris glaring balefully up at him with her bulging yellow eyes. Without further ado, she whisked away to fetch the Hogwarts caretaker, Argus Filch. In seconds, they could hear the man’s shuffling footsteps and wheezing breath coming around the corner.
"Don't."
Singh snorted. "Could've fooled me." He watched as John tapped his pencil against the paper as he ruminated on what to write. "So who is it?"
Solomon nodded and looked him over. “You’ve been keeping in shape. That’s good. When I finally figure out when the first practice is, I’ll need you and Sirius to hit some Bludgers at each other to see if you two still got it down.”
He frowned at the choice of words. “Interfere?”
“Why didn’t you say so earlier?” He tugged it loose again.
year girl by the name of Kitty Riley, had almost killed John, who choked on a lima bean during dinner.
"Oh. I, er, don't have a girlfriend."
?” Sirius snarled.
"Which is non-binding and a—"
"Noticed what?"
Once they did, Mrs. Hudson leaned back and wiped at her damp cheeks. "I'm so silly," she said, laughing. "Crying all over your jacket."
Greg suddenly tapped John’s shoulder. “I’m gonna round up the first years and try to find Hagrid!” he yelled over the wind and rain. “You go on ahead!”
"That's because I am." They cracked open their cookies. "If you're wrong, you're paying," John warned.
A few seconds later, the bullets stop hitting the sand bags and John and the soldiers immediately fired back. They managed to gain the upper hand for a second, but someone on the enemy's side threw a grenade.
“You have to eat. How else are you going to grow up?”
“No, not really. Mostly I stayed out of the way with Remus and Peter and tried to stop the chaos from spreading. Failed miserably though.”
"I got it partially right."
"I'm sure. It wouldn't do for you to catch pneumonia or worse while you're away. Mrs. Hudson would be furious."
He whirled around to see Sherlock striding after him, whipping his scarf off his neck in a move that was so devastatingly seductive that John had trouble keeping himself from jumping at Sherlock when he finally reached him. To his astonishment, the scarf was looped around his neck and the warmth and scent seeped into him, making his head whirl. "Sherlock? Wh—"
“You call practically swimming through the Black Lake
And that was the closest to an apology John was ever going to get. He smiled reassuringly, however. “I believe you.”
There was a buzz of conversation after the name was called. This was it. The second child of the Holmes family, finally come to Hogwarts. Several eyes flitted to the Slytherin table, where Mycroft Holmes was shrewdly eyeing his younger brother.
Sherlock whirled around and began pacing. "I should've seen this. Your nervous behavior in the cab, the letter in your pocket, the woman's perfume," he ranted. "Oh, there's always something! When were you told? Why so late? When are you leaving? How does Mycroft know already? Tell me NOW!"
“I would have thought it was obvious, based on my wording. ‘If’ and ‘would have’ being the most telling.”
“Really? What do ordinary people do then?”
amidst icy, sheeting rain.
Someone else bumped into him, forcing him to take a step back. Wide green eyes framed by damp auburn locks looked up. “John!” Lily Evans shouted. “What in the blazes are you doing standing around in the rain?”
John snorted. “No you don’t. If you do, you’ll drink more milk, have a healthy diet and regular sleep pattern, and stop trying to blow up my cauldron for one of your crazy experiments.”
The five boys followed the rest of the students into the Hall, managing to get good seats near the front. Sirius and James immediately began crying for dinner to appear. John looked around for Greg Lestrade and was relieved when the older boy appeared a few minutes later, wiping the rain off his Prefects badge.
Lily rolled her eyes and looked away. It was obvious Sirius wasn’t going to listen to her. John, on the other hand, watched him. The furious glint in his cold gray eyes was definitely real. Whoever this Sherlock Holmes kid was, he had managed to infuriate Sirius Black to the point where he was letting unfounded prejudice blind him. John wondered what kind of person this boy was.
The Gryffindors and Ravenclaws ascended the staircase together, on their way to their separate towers. When it was time to part, John waved goodbye to Sherlock and threatened to do bodily harm to him if the boy didn’t show up for breakfast the next morning. Sherlock rolled his eyes, dismissing it like always, and left with the ghost of a smile on his lips.
"Know?" His mouth was oddly dry.
“Yes you did.”
an enigma. I hear a lot of stuff about you from loads of people. Sarah Sawyer says you’re brilliant, but you made Soo Lin Yao cry when she tried to talk to you. Sirius says you’re not ‘natural’, as in you’re not like normal people. You skip meals, sometimes for days on end, and when you do show up, you’re usually reluctant to eat. People, er, well they make an effort to avoid you in class and you skived off Astronomy after the first day. Hey!” He glared at Sherlock. “Why aren’t you in Transfiguration right now?”
"Two days," Sherlock breathed. He had stopped pacing. "Two days." He stuck his hand out. "Let me see the letter."
“But I can’t!” James whined, throwing himself down. “She’s all I can think of!”
Ross shrugged good-naturedly. "It's all I have left." He gestured to John. "Why did you accept?"
"What about your fortune?" John held his hand out for it, but Sherlock had already swept away towards the cashier.
“Oh yeah, Mycroft and Sherlock loathe each other,” Sirius said with a grim sort of glee. “Dunno why though, but it’d be a nice piece of gossip if someone found out the reason, wouldn’t it?”
Furious, John whirled around and flung himself at Anderson, fist flying at his face. It caught Anderson’s jaw and his head snapped to the side. Anderson threw a punch, but it was poorly aimed and weak and John caught it, twisted behind him, and tripped him.
“I dunno, could be fun,” John Watson said offhandedly. “Maybe they’ll see the Giant Squid.”
John shrugged. “No idea. We just started talking about Charms one day and we’ve been good friends ever since. That’s all.”
“Why did you interfere?”
Students were already crowding the station platform, some sprinting for the nearby horseless carriages while others milled around in panicked confusion, all desperately trying to stay dry.
“But I haven’t mentioned a figure.”
Remus ordered his bishop to capture John’s knight. To counter it, John took his rook with his queen and smirked. “Check.”
Lestrade clapped him on the shoulder and looked him in the eye. "I might not see you again before you go, so I'll just say this now in case I don't. Be careful out there, John. Don't do anything stupid and come back in one piece. Sherlock's not the only one who's going to miss you."
Sherlock looked angry, but it was the misery underneath it that made John’s heart clench. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock chuckled and John found himself desperately staring at him, drinking him in, trying to remember every single detail from the way the light turned his eyes a pale green and caught the brown in his hair to the shape of his lips with that delectable Cupid's bow and the glimmer of white teeth as he laughed. He was beautiful, so incredibly beautiful. Too beautiful for the corruption, hate, and pain John has seen and experienced. And yet John loved him so much it hurt like almost nothing else he'd experienced before.
The boy choked something out, but it was muffled by the noise and the chaos. John only registered the pain in his voice.
But John thought they were being unfair. Holmes certainly was radiating a distasteful arrogance about him that was characteristic of several purebloods like Lucius Malfoy or Evan Rosier, but there was an inquisitiveness and clarity to Holmes’s gaze that made John feel he would be better fit in Ravenclaw.
“I don’t lie.”
“Wondering why my brother was bothering you.” Sherlock’s eyes met John’s, then looked away to a point over his shoulder. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
“Can’t. Like I said, she’ll rip my head off.”
"Oi, Watson." He looked up to see his bunkmate, a younger man by the name of Tobias Singh, passing him a pencil and a notepad.
“If he continues eating so much, he’ll get diabetes or something,” John said. “You don’t like him much, do you?”
“GRYFFINDOR!”
Glass shattered as the side mirror exploded and John instinctively flinched back. "Drive, damn it!"
John gawked at him. “You put a Tracking Charm on me
With that thought in mind, he ripped out the marked paper and started on a new one.
He blinked and the fantasy was gone. Sherlock's smile wavered slightly. "Be careful, John," he said. "Try not to be reckless."
The crimson-and-black Hogwarts Express rolled into Hogsmeade Station on the night of September 1
"You git." John snapped, angry. "Why the hell would you do that?"
He stood there, listening to the music. It was Paganini's
A smile broke across John's face. "I'll be looking forward to it too." He shook Sherlock's hand, wishing for more, wishing he could grasp his shoulders and pull him down or pull himself up and kiss him until they were both breathless and gasping and John could finally know what it was like to taste Sherlock and feel the imprint of Sherlock's lips on his, their bodies pressed together—
"Watson!" Batista was frantically gesturing to them. "Hurry up!"
John snorted. “Right. Four bullies bigger, heavier, and stronger than you were about to beat you up and you ‘had it under control’.”
"What are you talking about?"
The sixth year boy standing outside did not stop John as he stormed away without even bothering to think about where he was going. His mind was racing and he was unbelievably angry with the posh, pompous pureblood. Later, he might think it wasn’t such a smart idea to turn his back on such a powerful enemy, but he didn’t care. He hated the way Holmes spoke to him, like he could be enticed into spying on Sherlock for money and a set job in the future. Like Sherlock wasn’t good enough to be his friend or he wasn’t good enough to be Sherlock’s. Like he had the right to control Sherlock’s life. Screw that. Sherlock was his own person; he could make his own decisions.
Finally, they stopped in front of a nondescript door somewhere on the third floor corridor. Anthea knocked six times, then let herself in. The sixth year boy shoved John in after her, then closed the door.
.” Sarah looked at the bundle of tarts and managed to filch one before John could get a firmer grasp on them.
He was obviously bored though, or distracted. A slight glaze and distance to his bright eyes revealed that. His hands were also placed in an odd prayer-like position before him with the tips of his fingers brushing the underside of his chin. Was he saying Grace? But no, his plate was clean as ever, as if he hadn’t eaten at all. And if he
John had been walking home from the market, enjoying the cool October evening, when he noticed a sleek black car with tinted windows coming to a stop at the curb next to him. Rolling his eyes, he stopped and waited, arms crossed and a frown on his face. "What is it now, Mycroft?" he asked, feeling annoyed. He was looking forward to a quiet night at home and had no desire to be kidnapped and taken to some obscure part of London.
“Of course. I hate to leave loose ends. Now, why did you interfere?
"Grenade!"
Sherlock merely smiled.
Perhaps this is what having a best friend was.
“Are those treacle tarts?” Peter asked from the other side of the room.
Sarah laughed. “Anyone would’ve thought you’re a Hufflepuff rather than a Gryffindor; you’re so nice and caring.” She pointed towards the doors. “Holmes is gone; popped up like a weasel out of his seat and disappeared like the devil was after him. Probably was too.” She discreetly pointed towards Mycroft Holmes, who was quietly talking to a young woman next to him while twirling his signature umbrella in his hands.
"Do you want company?"
"Good. John, lets—" He abruptly stopped as his phone chimed and he pulled it out, brow furrowing. There was a long minute of silence wherein Sherlock stared down at the screen with a stunned expression, then he looked up at John, looking unusually vulnerable. "John?"
They were rolling out minutes later, following the road towards their destination.
“Slughorn is a collector and purebloods are notoriously powerful amongst the Wizarding World. He already has Mycroft in his House, don’t you think he would’ve been a lot more satisfied if he also got me in there?”
“Er… Anthea.” The girl fiddled with her book, trailing slim fingers over the leather cover. There was a vague expression of amusement on her face.
"Move." He checked for a pulse, tried resuscitating him with CPR, but it was too late. "Damn. Damn!"
The boy looked up with wild, pain-filled eyes as John sprinted towards him. "H-Help."
John nodded, knowing it was Mycroft's way of telling him to be careful.
"Like I said: partially right." Sherlock looked at John in an indulging way, like an adult does to a child.
"Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson said reprovingly. "How could you?"
"John? What are you doing out on the street?" Lestrade asked, looking confused.
"Oh, yes. I'll make sure of it." There was a look in her eye that made John shift back, suddenly very nervous of the little old lady. "And if— Oh!"
"Sherlock?" John's lips parted. "What do you mean?"
“Remus—”
She blinked at him with surprise. “Sherlock Holmes? What do you want him for?”
Mrs. Hudson smiled, then sighed and shook her head. "It's really not my place to say."
John rolled his eyes. “Remus, stop them.”
John gave her a thumbs up and she grinned before turning back to her friend Marlene McKinnon.
Lestrade let out a shaky breath. "You idiot." He dragged his hands over his face. "You absolute idiot."
John hesitated, knowing what she was asking. But there was nothing but kindness in her eyes. "Yes," he said eventually. "Yes, he makes me very happy."
“I don’t need to sleep,” Sherlock muttered haughtily. “Sleeping is boring.”
"Is there anything else you need to bring? Scarves, mittens, extra socks?" Mrs. Hudson's hands fluttered, itching for something to do to stave off her nervousness. "Toothpaste?"
"What's wrong with the fortune, Sherlock?" he asked severely.
John sighed. "Yes, I do." He groaned and rubbed his eyes. "If Mycroft hadn't interfered, I would have days to get ready."
"That's weird," John said, frowning. It wasn't like Sherlock to pass up on a murder case. "I'll go up and get him." He unlocked the door and bounded up the stairs. "Sherlock?" he called as he entered their flat.
He couldn't move. He wanted to sleep.
The fighting neither increased nor decreased since they'd moved to their encampment, but each fight was bloody and vicious, and the locals were terrified. John knew enough of the native tongue to know they wished they— both the enemy and the British Army— would leave them alone.
"Twelve hours. You will give me twelve hours."
John laughed as he opened the door and led the way to the dungeons. “By the way, there’s something you got wrong in your deductions.”
Holmes made a noise of impatience. “Please don’t tell me you don’t know what it means.”
A relieved smile broke over John's face. "You scared me there. I thought you were throwing me out of the flat."
John pulled the curtains back so he can look at the other boy. “I knocked him over in Hogsmeade Station earlier tonight and thought I’d bring him some sweets to apologize, since he didn’t seem to want to accept it earlier. But he left before I could reach him. Sarah Sawyer said he probably didn’t want to talk to his brother; said something about sibling rivalry.”
"On the left!"
"I'm not mocking you. I think what you're doing is incredibly brave and noble, but damn." Lestrade looked slightly sick. "You're going on the front lines, John, and it's extremely dangerous."
"I know," John said in return. "Believe me, I know." He rubbed his eyes. "It doesn't make it any easier."
John groaned, but put the bag down. He called to Mrs. Hudson, who was standing at the door of her flat, as he walked down. "Mrs. Hudson, do you mind putting the groceries away? I left them at the top of the stairs."
“I’m not
They had to get out. But John couldn't move for some reason. He tried to look around, but the only part of him that obeyed any command was his eyes. Batista was to his left, unconscious. The wounded soldier was stirring feebly, groaning.
“Atterberry, Victor!”
sit here safe and sound in London knowing there are more people— some of them who are bloody
"The person you've been missing so much."
Holmes sat on the stool and the Hat was placed on his head. It slipped forward ‘til it covered those cool eyes, but the boy pushed it back up, a mildly irritated look on his face. There was another buzz. Nobody had ever touched the Hat before during a Sorting besides having it placed on their head. Nobody had ever dared.
"Know that my brother will be quite distraught while you're gone."
"Move your ass, Cap!" one of his men howled.
“It’s about time he does,” John snapped back, feeling his ire rise.
shove it down your throat.”
“Sherlock, you haven’t touched your food all evening,” John said, eyeing Sherlock’s empty plate.
"I had to get Mrs. Hudson to put away the groceries." John followed and shut the door behind him.
John got up and left before the soldier could say anything else. The death left a bitter taste in his mouth and he felt a stab of self-hatred pierce his heart. But there was nothing he could do but move on to the next injured soldier.
“You will eat.”
“But what you did just now was very Gryffindor-ish. We all have qualities of the different houses within us, some more prevalent than others, which is what the Sorting Hat determines. You’re right that I have some Slytherin qualities, several of which are quite dominant, but the Hat sorted me into Ravenclaw for no doubt my intelligence and my eagerness to learn. You, on the other hand, could have easily gone to Hufflepuff but was Sorted to Gryffindor, more likely because of your aversion to injustice and your bravery and chivalry. I suspect it might have caused some confusion as your peers got to know you, but it doesn’t matter what they think. What matters really is where you feel you belong. If your gut instinct tells you you’re a Gryffindor, then Gryffindor it is.”
John rolled his eyes as he stuck his toothbrush in his mouth. It was hard to tell who the bigger drama queen was sometimes: James Potter or Sirius Black. He finished brushing his teeth and climbed into bed, ready for sleep. “Goodnight,” he mumbled, letting his eyes droop shut.
"Good luck, John!" Lestrade yelled after him.
He shook his head, still looking incredulous. "Why me? There should be hundreds, thousands, of other discharged soldiers in England who you could ask."
"Goodbye, John."
John’s eyebrows rose. Sherlock could be quite cruel for an 11 year old.
“Then we’re friends.” John turned to Slughorn, who had gotten over the shock of seeing Sherlock and John sitting together and had begun teaching.
John didn't think he wanted to know the answer. He didn't think he'll be able to take it if he left for Afghanistan with a broken heart.
"John."
“Er, yeah. I’m looking for Sherlock Holmes.”
“Some fun can’t hurt, Greg.”
Sherlock smirked, then his face slipped back into that vacant mask. John hated it. Sherlock was a man of not just logic, but emotion, no matter how much he denied it. His expressions, whether angry or ecstatic, were testament to how tempestuous he could be and the mask he wore now was nearly everything John disliked about him: distant, heartless, condescending, and coldly analytical. He wanted to punch it off, sink his fist into that perfect face and bruise that pale skin, but it was almost time to go and he didn't want to leave knowing he'd injured his best friend. He wondered, however, why Sherlock had left it on for so long.
“Potter,” she spat out.
He stood up and dusted off the back of his robes, thinking he’ll go down to the kitchens for some sandwiches before Potions. James and Remus had shown him where they were in their second year and ever since then, John had always visited several times a week for snacks. He even had a few friends among the house elves.
She pulls him into a hug, holding him tightly. "Come home soon," she whispered.
A police siren suddenly blared and he shot an angry look at the street, his expression only softening when he saw Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade jumping out of the cruiser. "Evening, Greg."
They fall into silence, staring at a painting of a trio of witches in gaudy purple and gold robes snoring as they sprawled over the little sofas they were seated on. John turned to look at Sherlock, who seemed to have gotten his breath back. “How did you find me when I was being interrogated by your brother?”
"What?"
“Might as well. We’re doing the Confusing Concoction today. I suppose I’ll put a few drops in Anderson’s pumpkin juice tonight, just to see how much more of a fool he’ll be able to make of himself.”
“Trust me, Evans” Sirius said with an ugly look on his face. “I’ve met Sherlock once in the past when he was only 6, when he was a kid. I’m telling you; he’s not natural. With that attitude, he’s definitely a Slytherin.”
"Er, I'll go take a look." He walked into the house and went to the dining room. Anderson was crouched over the bodies, taking pictures and collecting samples.
The Ravenclaw boy was actually supposed to be with his other first year classmates, but rumor had it that Holmes had been bumped up to third year because he was already so advanced. There was no evidence to support it, but Holmes had certainly been able to keep up with the curriculum with no trouble.
"Yeah, Mycroft's watching over him; says he'll be home in an hour." John ran his hands through his hair. "I should go."
"I will." He kisses her on the cheek and she smiled, tears gathering in her eyes. "You can send a care package, if it makes you feel better," he joked.
"I know," Sergeant Brandon says again. "But this is the unfortunate situation we're trapped in right now and we need you to help fill in the position of medic until the replacements arrive."
Holmes, who had picked himself up from the floor, looked coldly back at her and opened his mouth as if to say something, but had she already looked away and was stalking towards John.
of right.” She smirked and nudged Johns side.
“You should get some sleep.” Sherlock stated, still not meeting Johns eyes. “Long day tomorrow.”
John thought a moment, and realized he hadn't thought about it at all.
John nodded and gave an apologetic smile. When class continued on, John slipped his hand under Sherlocks desk and found the mans left hand. They interlocked their fingers, Sherlocks hand large and cool in his, Johns felt warm and soft in Sherlocks, which is so very John that Sherlock had to physically restrain himself from taking John out into the hallway and continue kissing the hell out of him.
It is high school now and Sherlock was the last to hit puberty. Instead of this small frail and rude child everyone knows him as, he became the enormously tall and defined man that everyone feared. He could easily be mistaken for a Senior and not a Freshman. His confidence boosted as well, and that surprised him considering he was already confident to begin with. He got the nerve to tell his teachers off as well as other students right in the middle of class. If someone pissed him off he just started deducing the most embarrassing fact about said person.
“Boys!” She called again from the doorway.
"Are you worried,
Once it was time to go, John noticed Sherlock pour all the other cards and candies into his backpack and carry the special one in his hand, keeping a strong grip on it all the way to the cafeteria.
“Harry.” John greeted exasperated. Sherlock was trying his very best to not look uncomfortable. John looked beyond the door to see a short-haired brunette leaning against the door frame. Clara.
“John.” She looked at him with a challenge in her eyes. It was never like her to back down.
Whether Sherlock is an ass or not, John can’t let him feel so upset, especially when he is the cause of it.
John nods and swallows his food before speaking. "I didn't want to leave her, but it would take time and money to become a doctor without the support of the Navy. I had to choose between staying and not be capable of supporting her, or leaving and giving her all I have for a decent life."
"You came to see me strangle to death and upon your arrival you discover I had escaped. Really, Mycroft you should have known I wasn't ever going to let myself die such a tedious death."
They all sounded something like this:
Sally stuttered in coherent letters, not sure what to say. It is unlike the rugby captain to get angry, let alone stick up for the schools laughing stock, and he wasn't finished.
John's eyebrows shot up. "That's funny to you?" He scoffs, now trying hard not to smile.
shows up.
"You're missing my point, John. You're not becoming a pirate, you're adapting as needed. Once you're home, you'll adapt back. It's simple science, really."
"They are, aren't they?" John made it sound more as a statement than question.
Mycroft stays quiet and so does the rest of the room.
“Oh don’t take your anger out on me because Philip Anderson can’t seem to leave his girlfriend for you.” Sherlock stated rather loudly.
“You haven't eaten in two days, Sherlock.” John argued.
“Need I remind you, brother dear, that caring is
impressive?" John questioned with a hint of amusement. "You're rather arrogant, aren't you?"
“Sherlock!” John yells stupidly, both men look, one continues after Sherlock in the corn, the other comes running towards John.
"Well," I smile at him which must look manic from Johns point of view. "All the more
Like the way Johns family just
Each day he received another, and another.
“Oh. Well I can hardly say the blog does me much justice.” Sherlock laughed awkwardly.
John blinked. It took a second for him to answer. “Er- yes.”
“It’s alright mom,” Harry said. “John is just telling Sherlock all the sinful things he is going to do to him later.” She spoke the words like they are the most casual lunch conversation and took a bite of her roll. Johns fork clattered to his plate and he could hear his fathers laughter echo loudly around the table.
John was stunned. He was never denied an ambulance ride. If he wasn't so shocked he would've protested, thrown a fit until they let him on. But the shock is starting to make itself known on Johns body and actions. He has been stunned into silence, and frozen in place, forced to watch the ambulance fade into the distance.
The candle is lit, flickering between the two of them. The contrast of the orange flame on Sherlock’s black, blue and white features is an interesting contrast and John noticed the way Sherlock’s eyes twinkle every time he looks at John through the flame.
"We agreed to
My fingers slip.
“Yes! For the lemonade! Your mother hand squeezes her lemons and then takes fresh honey from the bees and makes her lemonade! It’s wonderful!”
The three of them made their way up the porch and through the door. Inside, Harry and Clara are already seated and Lydia is placing their lunch on the table.
from John when he is a whole floor away at Baker Street is a mystery to him.
John shifts uncomfortably. "It's not... right."
"I could've acted the part just
“John,” Lydia cut it. “Manners. No whispering at the table.” She scolded.
His stance grew taller, in an attempt to be intimidating. "Captain John Watson of the British Roy-"
Sherlock smiled. “Oh John, how ignorant you were then. It makes me question your capability to hold your liquor.”
“Frankly, I’m surprised even you still remember this.”
Running, how exciting. Finally something worthy of my time instead of silly attacks on ships I come across at sea.
“You’re avoiding the question with another question.”
It wasn’t until they reached the door that John saw the plaque identifying the residents of this home.
“Thank you.” John said. The Doctor handed him the clipboard and told him to sign the bottom half that Sherlock will be taken care of when he leaves. John signed it
"Like I said, I've heard stories."
Johns mom swat at his hand and went in for a hug, surprising him, and John grinned at Sherlocks typical reaction. “Oh Sherlock no need to be formal here. I feel like I already know you through Johns blog.”
(insert irrelevant name here) with the cheesy, already printed words and pictures stamped on the rectangular card. Hmph, he can imagine what his desk would look like if the teacher
“It’s Greg.” John corrected.
"What for?"
“Mycroft.” John frowned. “Why are you here?”
The teacher eyed Sherlock and then John wearily, then sighed in defeat. “Just humor me and interact please.” He ordered and walked away.
“Oh, don’t worry, there’s all sorts ‘round here. Mrs. Turner next door’s got married ones.” Mrs. Hudson looked completely indifferent like it is a known fact that he and Sherlock are together, and it didn’t make a difference to her. John pointedly looked at Sherlock who was avoiding eye contact. Mrs. Hudson started going on about the mess Sherlock made but Johns mind was elsewhere. Well, okay then. He thought to himself, and decided to ignore the assumption and sat down in the nearest chair.
My mother fell ill while he was out at sea so I was left to take care of her. I learned every remedy I could but nothing was working, not even the town doctor could figure it out. The day before she died, my father came back and stayed with her until the end. Harry took it the hardest, and my father told me that I have to look out for her—"
All he knows is that he has never felt more happy than he is when he is with Sherlock. Their summer had been filled with stupid exploding experiments and forcing Sherlock to swim in a lake and making him actually eat his food and get a good nights rest. They texted whenever they weren't around each other, silly things or boring conversations. Sherlock had a habit of texting John when he was bored and would state so rather bluntly. Those times, despite how annoying it could be, John couldn't help but smile.
The room was silent. John glared at all of them. John could feel Sherlocks eyes boring into the back of his skull. But suddenly John felt the need to point out something else. “And his name is Sherlock,
However, Sherlock continued on before John got the chance. “Now eight, Irene Adler.”
Not a cliché then. Good. "And why come to me? If you know about me and my brother then you know that we do not speak so what makes you think I know where he is?"
But this is Sherlock. Of course he tried going through the process of elimination by keeping in mind all the new students, and students that left over the years and crossed them off the list. Unfortunately it didn't help, considering there were only three new students and only two left.
John groaned loudly and put his head in his hands. “I’m either too drunk or not enough.” He mumbled to himself.
John stood fuming beside me. Emotions again, I grit my teeth. My eyes stayed locked on the ocean and I wondered why I ever made port. Everything about it made me feel at ease; the smell of salt and seaweed that can be recognized as ocean water, the cool and damp breeze on my face, the wide-spread, deserted blue range where I can remain undisturbed by ignorant and incompetent people. A true delicacy.
to being free again and
"How long until we sail?" I cut him off, already knowing he will try to tell me we should wait out the storm.
"Alright," he says and takes a drink of water. "How about this, I'll tell you something about me and you'll tell me something about you."
That is until DI Lestrade came in and gave Sherlock a case and had him go running out of the flat like a child on Christmas.
John stared at Sherlock with wide eyes. Sherlock looked at him with his typical indifferent gaze.
John was slowly lulled into sleep by Sherlock’s gentle voice and his warm and safe arms. The last thing he heard before falling asleep is Sherlock’s words-
At this, John actually smiles and chuckles with a mysterious glint in his eye. Ah yes, he is just as mad as I.
"Ready?" I ask John. His face is still a little pink with how hard he laughed.
John watched in awe and wonder as Sherlocks long fingers combed the keys with elegance and grace. His head is held downward, clearly focused, but his eyes are closed, lost in the music. His curly hair is falling forward in front of him, and he is wearing his white t-shirt and blue flannel pajama bottoms that he was appalled by earlier. Never has Sherlock ever ceased to amaze John. And even now, John cannot help but realize how beautiful he is like this. All sharp angles that should be associated with the cold, but here is a man radiating light by doing the simplest of things.
Just as Sherlock was fearing the worst in his fourth hour class, the door opened and in came two people holding candy grams. Six people in the class received one, Sherlock included.
After much debating, John sighed and ran a hand over his face. He got up from the bed and walked out to the hallway. His bedroom is the closest guest room to the grand living space, the next bedroom—Sherlocks room—is a good ten feet down the corridor. John noticed his bedroom door shut and wondered if Sherlock could hear the soft melody echoing through the walls. Surely he would not be sleeping, he very rarely does. Besides, Sherlock is too uptight about being under the roof of the Holmes Estate again to be comfortable enough.
“Earnest, you know he cannot disclose that sort of information with you.” Her father scolds, folding his napkin in his lap.
John turned to Sherlock and almost punched him. First the kitchen and now his sister thinks he is gay because Sherlock said they are. Now he has to go on a double-date with his sister and so called ‘boyfriend’.
The second is of Sherlock, looking down at John who is smiling at something, but there is something in Sherlocks eyes that made John question it. He remembers that day clearly, that very conversation even, and he wondered why Sherlock was giving him that look. The look that someone gives when they think the other isn't looking, the look that every female on the planet dreams of being looked at with. It was
"I want all your weapons dumped in the water," Sherlock commanded. Each man glanced at each other, and Sherlock overheard someone whisper 'do it for Johnny'. Once all the men are disarmed, Sherlock got to work.
We reached the exit and John turned to me. "I'm saying nothing until we are out of here."
, Captain," I say and take a sip of my own water.
They were quiet for a moment, John wasn't sure what to say on the topic anymore. Instead he thought it be best if his friend got his rest. Just as he spoke, Sherlock also spoke.
But now I must be cautious, I'm too close to the docks to be caught.
That is, until the paramedics needed to depart.
Earnest looks confused. “Mycroft says otherwise…” She slowly drifts off as she is given a pointed stare from Mycroft. Suddenly Sherlock is on his feet.
"Don't move," I demanded of him, John didn't move. Over at the edge of the dock are soldiers gathering on the nearest naval ship and preparing sail. Obviously, they had not seen John and I, much to our advantage. The disadvantage, we cannot escape quick enough before getting shot at or worse.
ones.
"Alright?" John questioned, this time his eyebrows shot up rather high.
“You kept them. That’s what puts them on this list.”
Day thirty:
John didn't look at Sherlock. He continued staring forward just as their teacher decided it was time to continue on with class.
Mycroft glared at John and John glared back. Greg looked away probably feeling guilty, and Sherlock being Sherlock seemed completely indifferent, though that didn’t stop the obvious bitterness in his tone as he said, “So Graham joined you for a donut.” He turned to an annoyed looking Greg. “Careful with this one, he will feed you until you look like him and implode.”
Outside, the sky has turned gray and the wind has picked up. Nearby shopkeepers are boarding up their stalls in preparation for the storm. It has moved faster than I expected. I did not anticipate the storm to reach landfall until this evening when we are long gone and traveling through it.
"First off, changing the way you say it doesn't make it a different answer. Secondly, we are pirates, John, we don't care about what's right or wrong by social standards. If a man chooses to be with a man or a woman with another woman, we are not here to judge or care. You shouldn't either."
And for that reason, it made John snap.
The next day, John was still in the dark. Even more so when he discovered an entire outfit was hanging on his dresser. John frowned, confused at first until he came to the conclusion that he is going to dinner, formal apparently, which is still all the more confusing.
John slowly looked up at him and saw the complete sincerity in his face. That doesn't take away from the pain he suffered that year Sherlock was gone, and how much anger he still holds for the man himself for leaving him behind.
Sherlock was curious to know if something were to happen this year on Valentines Day. It’s middle school so things are different. Why would anyone go out of their way to pay and give him a ‘candy gram’? It’s absurd. Yet Sherlock was still hopeful, a dangerous emotion and verging on the line of a scolding from his brother.
"No, you manage that quite well on your own," Sherlock quipped.
Sherlock sighed, his thoughts abruptly turned back on the day ahead. He looked down when he felt Finn grasp his hand.
"You saved her."
“There is every need if there is even a chance that one thing that has happened to you in the past can happen again in the future than I need to be able to avoid it. I want to- need to know about it.”
John sighed. "That is disappointing, boy." He walked around in front of his sub and looked at him, shaking his head.
Sherlock pointed at his head. "I have my own pictures in here. In my Mind Palace."
Sherlock flinched at the loss of contact but didn't say anything.
For the majority of you, thank you for your comments! They've allowed me to be spurred on to write this chapter faster than usual.
The boy’s head dropped a bit lower.
Finn didn’t have any trouble finding them. He got down on his knees and looked under the table. "Here they are."
The elder Holmes redirected them towards where Greg and John were standing with their arms crossed.
“Now she has a submissive of her own. I'm not sure if she will be bring her along.”
“What do you say?”
"But-"
Sherlock stared down at his hands, one neatly wrapped up. He could see bruised fingers poking out the top and shivered at the thought of last night, but that didn’t matter. Wilkes didn’t matter. He had John and John wasn’t sending him away, at least he didn’t think so. He decided he needed more data to prove it. “If you say so, sir.”
"It doesn't matter." Sherlock walked off, but in the direction of the house and not in the direction of the ice cream parlour the other side of the chip shop.
"The thing with peas and carrots," he replied instantly.
“Piss off,” Sherlock growled.
“Mycroft?” he asked, already concerned by the fact that his missed calls were quite high in number.
He forced his two fingers in, ignoring Sherlock's whimpers. The way he was trussed up, Sherlock couldn't move or fight the Dom's fingers. He was forced to submit.
Greg had returned with the clamps and was on his knees below the detective. He teased one of Sherlock's nipples until it stood out, a proud little nub, then the Superintendent placed a clamp on it. He wasn't happy with the placement, so he removed it, attaching it again.
John's eyes snapped open and he glanced down at his cock, dribbling precome. There was absolutely no way he would do anymore than that without Sherlock's intervention. Every time he lowered himself onto the dick he knew there would be a time he couldn't lift himself back up again, he knew that was probably what the Dom was waiting for, for him to involuntarily fill himself with more of the dildo than he thought possible.
“Stop thinking!” the doctor snapped.
“Sir?”
Sherlock frowned. “You're... I don't... why are you... I don't understand,” he finished lamely.
When the fucking machine was removed and he was pulled upright, it was to see Greg, not John.
“The same Mycroft who stood by you at the trial? The same Mycroft who made sure Finn got to stay with us?”
Sherlock glanced at the slightly shorter man who had gone back to leaning on his cane.
This time it was in reverse, the doctor glancing at the DI for help.
He threw off what was left of his suit and climbed in beside him.
Sighing, the doctor scooped his sub up off the floor with minimal protest and carried him from the entrance hall all the way to the den. He settled him on the plush sofa and then turned to ring the bell that was on the wall.
"No. That will be 1, sir, but I'm glad we're finally getting somewhere."
Sherlock lurched up out of his seat, but Irene shoved him down face first on the table. She pressed his arm up his back and twisted his wrist slightly.
“Don't tell me to calm down! You've got my submissive in a cell!” He had a right to be mad, he'd kept his head straight while seeing Sherlock, he had to, but now it was getting on top of him and judging by the rumble the filing cabinet had caused echoing through the air it was obvious.
Mycroft bit his lip where he lay. "Sir, you know I-"
Mycroft merely turned to face him, looking bewildered and definitely not like kneeling was a good idea.
John was watching his sub cautiously as Mycroft glanced between them. “Well, yes, little brother. Too much leg work involved on this one. What are you-“
“There’s nothing you can do,” Benjamin laughed. “You can't exactly throw me over your knee and spank me, can you? No. Didn’t think so. Powerless.”
“And now I’m giving you one.”
John reached down and pressed a cup of tea into Sherlock's hands. Irene held her sub's mug for her to sip out of.
He hadn’t given in, not by a long shot, but he knew that petty little feuds weren’t going to wind this Dom up. He couldn’t believe his behaviour last night. He hadn’t even been in Panic, and the aftermath had faded so he couldn’t blame the chemical imbalance. He must have been tired, but still he was beginning to slip up, so he had spent the majority of the night planning in his Mind Palace.
"Mistress, please,” the detective corrected himself.
Sherlock hesitantly tugged the zip around even as John kept a hold of his ear, like he was going to bolt again. As soon as he had got the zip all the way around, all the caution about getting into further trouble went out of the window as he pulled free and began rooting through the case.
The Superintendent shrugged.
"You've been good for me, Sherlock. Don't make it about being perfect. Just... Fuck. Just do your best and we'll be okay."
John let the three blows fall in quick succession, not allowing the younger man to acclimatise or get used to the new feeling.
"Why, sir?" Greg asked with wide eyes.
The Dom leant forward and kissed the back of his neck where there was a rather red blush creeping upwards.
"No, brother dear. It was entirely Finn's idea to tell you what he wants to tell you."
Sherlock’s head shot over his shoulder so fast the momentum span him over, making him land on his arse. By the time his senses came back to him, John was sat in one of the chairs at the edge of the room.
When Sherlock tried to shift away from the intrusion, Mycroft simply rested his teeth against his cock. The older Holmes didn't even have to apply pressure to make his point. Sherlock quit moving immediately. Mycroft just knelt there with his teeth resting around the head of Sherlock's cock, it prevented any further fighting on his brother's part.
"Bring me a posture collar," she ordered, holding her hand out expectantly.
Greg paused by the shoe rack to slip out of his, by now rather uncomfortable, shoes. It had been one hell of a day.
Taking his time, John continued to wrap the rope around his pet in an intricate pattern.
Eurus frowned. "He's only sleeping."
"No, sir. Anthea phoned and wanted to check that the transactions were verified. I lied, of course because I knew you were up to something."
"Now, Sherlock."
John ran his hand through his sweaty curls. "Calm down, Lock, it isn't going anywhere."
"But-" Mycroft started.
“Benja-”
Mycroft did a good job of keeping his reactions to himself as well. Sherlock hissed when he reached 20 because Eurus pushed her foot down. "Eurus, please."
Once the detective had got himself laid out, the clamps tugging and pulling, John began prodding and poking at his hole.
If you want to be ignorant, arrogant, rude and abrasive, leaving comments only designed to offend the author who puts hours into a story for your entertainment, I will be rude and arrogant in return. Because I'm done being nice about this bollocks.
Sherlock followed John up the stairs. He flinched when they approached the Dom’s bedroom, it seemed involuntary and John squeezed his hand reassuringly.
There was a knock on the door. "Doctor Watson, the crunches are out here."
“I expect responses, Sherlock, whether you are gagged or not.”
“You’ll wait here whilst I put some breakfast together.”
Irene let her eyebrow raise briefly but as soon as Eurus turned around her face was a blank mask again. "Should we let him down?" She asked, ignoring the fighting Mycroft.
He examined what was in his hand carefully and couldn’t wait for Sherlock to poke his head in.
The cabbie laughed at Sherlock's response. “Come on. Play the game.”
“Do you come down here a lot, sir?”
“Hello, Freak.”
"So?"
"Green blob?"
"Gregory!" the government official said, shocked. "How could you?!"
"Mycroft, come between both of us," Greg ordered, helping his pet shift between the two Doms.
Greg grabbed his sub by the hair and yanked his head back at an uncomfortable angle with the way he was gagged. "Problem, brat?
“Now I want you to pick something you would like as a reward. When I think you’ve been good, you will be given it.”
Just a bit of a filler, but don't worry things get heated again soon!
Sherlock was biting his lip as John slipped his shoe and sock off his foot. He called for his staff to fetch him some ice water and an ice pack from the freezer.
John worked slowly, but with persistence as he worked in the hook.
“Is this a confession?”
The pair of them bumped shoulders and walked out into the water where they paddled around together for a bit undisturbed. Every now and then, one of them would spot a shell and pick it up thinking either Finn or one of the girls would like it. Amy had mentioned wanting to make a necklace out of shells earlier.
He slipped the envelope knife from his sleeve and set about removing the cuffs, slipping the tip of it into the key hole and twisting. It didn’t take long to hear a satisfying click.
“Except me…”
"Oh, do grow up, Sherlock Holmes." Mrs. Hudson reached under the table and snagged the detective by the ear, then pulled him out from under it.
“Where were you between the hours of 4 and 5?” Donovan asked, glaring the sub down.
The detective nodded, obviously deciding he had pushed his luck enough so far today.
“39,” John leaned over and whispered in his ear. He clipped the leash to the collar and to the floor again before leaving him to it.
If Irene's opinion on Eurus hadn't changed in the last few minutes then it certainly would now.
Sherlock Holmes, who acted emotionally like a teenager – the mood swings, the sarcastic comments - was in fact nearly 24. He was slouched in one of the chairs, in Dom Doctor John Watson’s rather large front room, his long legs spread and one foot tapping against the wooden coffee table. He was trying to think of a way out because he knew for a fact the front door was out of the question. There was no doubt that his bloody annoying git of a brother would have placed one of his men on the front door, if not one, then two. They would have no qualms in throwing him into the wall until the Dom appeared and took over.
Sherlock nodded. "But I fell asleep."
Greg could sense Panic approaching Mycroft and he needed to quash it now before things got far worse.
"You allow your pet to slouch in public, do you not care what others think of you?" Irene spoke, glaring daggers at the younger submissive.
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, but Irene grabbed his cock and squeezed.
“You know I will allow you out to crime scenes, I have no intention of locking you up here.” John turned his sub’s head so he could see his face. “You knew that, didn’t you?”
Sherlock laughed but John rolled his eyes, "Sherlock, you are rubbing off on him!"
‘Mr. W’ was watching Sherlock and he wasn’t attempting to hide the fact that he was watching either. It didn’t matter though. His Dom was already out of the room.
He let out a small hiss as his hair pulled but nothing more.
Download from
Opening the front door, John gestured the two out. "Come on. We've got to get going or we'll be late."
Greg disappeared through a side door and reappeared with two spreader bars.
Sherlock dropped like a puppet whose strings had been cut. He raised his hands and settled them behind his neck.
At their table, Siger held the chair for Mrs. Hudson, then he took a seat next to her. "My son thinks a lot of you, I can tell," he told her amidst the general noise of their small group.
"The burglar smashes the glass. Waits for the window to be replaced and then takes the new pane out while the putty around the edge is still wet. No one notices, because there's no noise and he can get in and out with no problem."
Sherlock snorted, glancing over to his brother. "Well said, brother-mine."
Irene patted Eurus on the arm. "Doing just one at a time focuses their mind on the pain so much better. Watch and you'll see what I mean."
He let his eyebrow raise, stopping the smirk he knew was usual at this point in their... communications. He didn’t think it would be welcome right now. "Learning lessons, Sherlock?" He asked sarcastically.
“Sorry, sir.”
"He'll soon get bored of being in trouble. He usually does."
“But a mate...” John prompted.
They peered into Sherlock's room first. He seemed calm enough, but he didn't seem to have noticed their presence yet.
When the detective looked at his Dom he was wincing as if he would be in trouble for getting it wrong, but John was frowning in confusion.
Sherlock bit the bed covers as John let the paddle drop. He was achy and sore from his time away, the police officers who had brought him in the day before, hadn't been gentle either.
“Sherlock,” John closed his eyes, thinking briefly, he knew that would be brought up, and he hated himself for being the cause. But if this whole thing was a set up, an officer was 100% likely to find those shoes anyway. “I thought they would clear your name not damn it more!”
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed in as heavily as he could manage around the gag.
He leant back against the wall and closed his eyes, trying to work out where he was and where he could go. Going to John's wasn't an option, he still didn't know where he lived.
The younger Holmes brother laughed at that. "Yes, it is."
“Form a whole question, pet and I may oblige you.”
Hesitating only a moment, Mycroft answered grimly, "If he were to lose you... that would be the end of him, John. I'm convinced of it."
“You'd better get that, sir,” Sherlock offered, smiling slightly. He was much more relaxed than he had been a matter of hours ago. He wanted to chastise himself for getting involved with John rather than the usual one night thing. According to Mycroft caring wasn't an advantage, but by the knock on the door, maybe his older brother had changed his mind on that front.
“Tell you what? Sir?”
He let Sherlock sit there for a moment longer before leaning forward and tapping his arm. "Put them behind your back, Sherlock."
“Don’t forget,” Angelo called from beside the bar. “Anything at all. On the house.”
"Good boy," John whispered a while later, running his hand through his curls once again. "No complaints and all your food gone."
There was no way he was still in subspace. John had allowed him to fall asleep in the playroom knowing Sherlock would be really high after his first time in subspace in so long, but the next time it happened he would be in his own room.
One of the guards answered in the affirmative.
“This is another one?”
When no bitter retort was forthcoming, John inclined his head. "Seems so."
Sherlock groaned. “I'm not going with her.” Trust the bitch to spoil his plans... or maybe not.
Siger lifted him up, staring at Sherlock. “You alright, son? You don’t look well.”
John was surprised when they passed the normal shops. “Where are we going?” he asked the driver.
“That’s what subs are for.”
“I don’t doubt that you do. What I do doubt is your ability to do so. I believe after today’s events, it is not much of a leap that you will fancy a wander at half past 4 and believe you can leave.”
Sherlock’s grin got wider.
“You do not remove this. I am the only one who can take this off you, is that understood?”
"Play nice," John said from the kitchen.
Greg released his grip on Mycroft's wrists and gave him a moment to recover, then he used cuffs to haul him to his knees. He snapped a karabiner to the chain between the cuffs and threw it through a metal hoop in the ceiling.
“Greg.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. The pair of them were in a lose/lose situation. He kept his mouth shut.
Greg and John both laughed. Mycroft just gave them a flat look from behind his blindfold.
"No, sir! No! That's fine."
The detective wanted to argue, wanted to point out how utterly purposeless that was, but he was well aware that John already knew that. He settled for stating a subdued, “Yes, sir,” instead.
Sherlock stood there for a moment, not reacting, then he lunged for his brother and wrapped his arms around him. "No, Mycroft, no. I wouldn't let anyone hurt you. I wouldn't let anyone use me or Greg or even John against you."
He could just picture the man that looked over his shoulder in the driver's seat of the cab the day before. The way he had spotted the detective at the door to Angelo's and just calmly driven away.
"Maybe just a tiny bit." Greg went over and smooth down Mycroft's hair.
"Then why aren't you?" John asked in the same teasing tone.
“No, wait!” the kneeling man almost begged.
“Where were you?”
The feel of a silicon plug was pressed against his hole.
The Dom just chuckled and thrust in again. "Get back to it, pet." His sub was clever, even with a blindfold blocking his most valued sense.
Sherlock frowned and looked away, thinking.
The kneeling detective took a deep breath before doing what he was told. He was tentative at first, but it wasn’t the first time he had done this to John. It was difficult doing it slowly, the way he was gagged he had no control over his mouth’s movements or his head with the way John pulled around with the rope practically attached to his arse.
"Sherlock!"
When he got it, he opened the door and stepped into the room, pushing those thoughts away, he was subconsciously underestimating his sub. It wasn’t something he did anymore, mainly because the brat could outsmart him at every turn. He didn’t often knock when he entered rooms in his own house, but the lab was a private space for Sherlock and he often did weird and dangerous stuff inside. He didn’t want to risk that ending up all over the place.
He was shoved to the floor again, his knees hitting the solid concrete hard enough to send a jerk up through him. He kept his eyes squeezed shut beneath the darkness that would be there if he opened them.
John noticed Sherlock’s expression and sentences that started that way, from experiences so far, weren’t good.
Abruptly the sound ceased, to both their relief. The door to the small room opened and Irene stepped in.
“A few hours ago. I told him to let me handle the Sherlock matter. To try it legally before he stepped in.”
“We’re not discussing this, boy! Now open!”
John and Sherlock stayed in the Dom's office for several hours. Eventually it was clear that the sub was exhausted and he'd fallen asleep knelt against John's leg.
"Ow!" Mycroft couldn't help but yell.
"Brother mine, if John treated a baby the way he treats you-"
"You enjoying yourself, Greg?"
Sherlock had turned his attention back to Finn and John. They were all having fun splashing in the water as the little boy finished his ice cream. Greg couldn't help but think about the little girl, though. “Well nothing can be done to take Finn away, can it?”
“You aren’t to move. Or I will punish you again,” the doctor threatened, watching as slowly Sherlock started to breathe in and out with a more natural rhythm. “That’s better. See? Panic averted,” he kissed his sub on the side of the head but Sherlock couldn’t focus on John right now, he caught sight of his brother. “Mycroft-“
John snorted. "You mean you."
“Both of you kneel there,” Greg ordered when they returned.
John shook his head. Really, as a switch, Greg should know better. The Dom reached down as is he was about to wrap his fingers around the Superintendent's cock, then paused and only placed the pad of his finger against the tip.
The doctor could see how hard he was trying to hide what he was really thinking and feeling. “It’s OK to be happy, pet,” he used the term cautiously, still not sure how Sherlock was in his head with Panic the night before and sub drop so close. But at ‘pet’ he grinned. “Can I kiss you, sir?”
For his part, Sherlock had been fairly well behaved. It was the upcoming afternoon he was worried about. They had a busy day ahead. But a client visiting… if Sherlock was well behaved he might lift the new restrictions he had in place.
“It’s ok, pet. It’s nothing bad.”
“6, pet. Let me finish.”
Sherlock jerked his head as much as he could in response as the plug vibrated inside him and his cock begun to harden by his Dom's touch.
"He won't be doing anything to himself right now. Put your head to the floor."
Sherlock inclined his head, reaching forward to grab the folder. “Yeah?” He perched back on to one of the arms of the sofa, his eyes flickering over the top page, taking in anything of relevance.
Sometime later, not even John knew how long, he leant forward and tapped him on the shoulder, trying not to make him jump. He had watched him throughout that indefinite time period and his sub had not moved once. In fact, if it wasn’t for his chest rising and falling, first erratically, then more steadily, he would have said he wasn’t breathing at all. “You ready for a bit of a cuddle now?”
John shrugged. "There's no harm if I have to."
John helped him with his shoes and socks and then pulled him back to his feet by the hand, before picking him up in a hug and spinning him around in strong arms. “Come on then.” He led the dopey man to the door, these days it really didn’t take much to put the younger man under, not much at all.
John cottoned on before Sherlock. “You didn’t tell him,” he supplied for his fellow Dom.
“No, your hands stay there. You are still on punishment until I say otherwise.” He held the glass to his sub's lips and Sherlock guzzled at it greedily.
John sighed, but was still glad to see that defiance he had grown to love in his pet. “Who’s in charge?”
The sub’s eyes widened at the voice and he took an unconscious step back so he was more than partially hidden by his Dom.
"Good doggie." She petted his curls and swung the parachute. "Smile for me," she ordered. The detective turned his nose up instead. In response, she gave the parachute a hard tug, making the detective grimace. "Obey me, Sherlock. Now!"
.297.55KB
John reached over and pecked him on the cheek as he held Finn close to him.
John waited for the 'why' but it didn't come instead he sighed. "I have some crutches somewhere, I'm not going to have you putting weight on that any more." How on earth the sub had managed to kneel on it earlier in the day, John had no idea.
John watched him closely, glad his boy seemed to be thinking for himself, for now at least. For now was good enough though.
"But I can have more of them dropped off," Eurus said. "You can put both on both of them."
“I’m going to take one off your tally, pet.”
Moriarty laughed, his cackling echoing around the room. It was the insane cackling you'd hear on one of those old black and white movies that just played in the background.
The next morning, much to Sherlock's little complaints and protests (which was far more than it had been the night before), Mycroft carried his brother down the stairs and settled him in one of the taller chairs at the table.
“In case you failed to notice the collar around his neck he is my submissive, we signed a working contract last month, not that it is any of your business. If you are feeling slightly overwhelmed by that information I can fix that.” He turned back towards the building where the woman was lain. “Greg!” he yelled, more than aware this officer wouldn’t let him back under the cordon.
The Superintendent saw the smirk on his boy's face around the gag and he gripped his hair tighter than before. "Get back in the corner," Greg repeated, releasing him once again.
At that, John burst out laughing. "30 seconds ago you had him knelt naked at your feet!"
Sherlock sighed. He didn’t know how to deal with this. He couldn’t yell at the boy, he’d terrify him.
Not wanting to be in any further trouble, the boy nodded quickly, pressing his head into the floor harder.
"Don't be rude, little big brother. What would Mummy say?"
He shrugged, "Only when he is."
“An hour,” John snarled in his ear.
Sherlock's head whipped around, despited John's grip in his hair. He glared daggers at his brother. "Need I remind you, brother dear, of your recent behaviour," he spat. "You've been acting like a spoiled child."
“I’ll cooperate. I swear.”
“I decided where we go, pet. Now, up. You’ll want the comfort for what I have planned.”
Sherlock grinned as if to say he hadn't got any friends, briefly his mind travelled to his Dom. His brother. Greg. Oh well. “The gun.”
“The smug bastard was laughing at me, I thought we were finally getting somewhere with our relationship and he laughed at me.”
"No, you're not. Not yet,” the dominatrix sneered.
"So?"
The doctor just watched him wear himself out. It must have been several minutes because Greg came back. "Nope, he is still asleep."
"I'm a professional Dominant, pet. Dealing with troublesome subs is what I do. If you weren't prone to trouble you wouldn't be here. No sub ever would be. And I'd be out of a job."
“Are you alright, Sherlock?”
Finn pouted and crossed his arms over his chest, looking remarkably like a sulking Sherlock. He wanted nothing more than to hug him but they needed some boundaries. This seemed suitable enough.
“Your arms are dropping,” John pointed out casually. It was nearly half an hour later, John was sat at the table tapping away at the keyboard of his laptop, keeping only a side glance on his sub.
John, deciding he was finished with him for the moment, dragged him to the middle of the room.
“Oh yes, Doctor, tea would be lovely. Milk, one sugar.”
He spluttered and rolled over, defiance and anger flashing through his eyes. “What the bloody hell was that for?”
“I am tired," the Dom sighed, "as I am sure you are after your little escapade today. We will sleep and I will deal with you in the morning.”
The intimate moment was cut off when John's phone rang. He took a step back from his sub and pulled it from his pocket.
"I think her mind is a puzzle to herself a lot of the time. The idea of a child is so confusing to her… it's like she wants to understand but there's something stopping her."
Finn, nodded his head into John’s shoulder and sobbed quietly. “Sowwy,” he whispered, not daring to look up.
“Won’t a safe word just stop everything?”
Sherlock snorted at the indignant look on not just his father's face but his brother's too.
The youngest Holmes looked back at the dominatrix with a warning glare. "Be careful what you say about me. This is my island."
Douglas paced around him as Benjamin spoke. He kicked at his knees, separating his legs even further. Then he nudged his arse with his booted toe. “He’s different.” Benjamin squatted down behind the cuffed sub and stared at his hands – almost examining them. “He’s not even fighting them,” he added with a smirk.
"Not at all." Greg crouched down and locked the cock cage on Sherlock, giving his bollocks a slap in the process. "What is it with you? You could have blown us all up."
John pulled Sherlock to him and, laughing, kissed him. "I love you, you git."
“Definitely. The gun.”
“Yes, sir.” He had to grit his teeth because the position wasn’t the easiest to maintain and talk at the same time.
“N-No, sir.” It would have been easier to agree rather than argue with the doctor, but he didn’t want to lie. The more time he spent with the army Captain, the more he realised he couldn’t lie to him.
Irene had no idea what to do, so she followed the guards' examples and did nothing until Eurus shouted, "Now!"
"Like Greg said, we'll have to ask Sherlock." John was torn. He'd like some time alone with his boyfriend, but he wasn't sure sending Finn away even for a few hours was a good idea.
"Just this once, dear, I'm not your housekeeper!" But she bustled upstairs nonetheless.
But nothing happened, and they continued on their way, slowly picking up speed until—
John grinned. “Gryffindor stubbornness.”
The mask had broken and he looked conflicted. His hands were shoved into his pockets, but John could see the fabric moving as his fingers shifted. "I…" Sherlock closed his mouth.
“Leave? Why would I do that?”
“Sure.”
Sherlock looked relieved, but hid it soon afterwards. “Good.”
"Lights out in five," someone called and there was a scramble as everyone started making the final preparations for bed.
John looked up to see Ross sitting down on the bunk across from his. "What are you talking about?" he asked.
“But what does Slughorn want with you?”
"I wasn't moping," John said, scowling.
“Accidentally knocked him over at the train station a while ago. Thought I’d bribe him with treats so he’d forgive me.” He held up the little bundle of tarts.
Sherlock rattled off an address to the cabbie, then sat back as the cab began to move. John nervously tapped his hands against his thighs as the streets sped by, wondering how he'll bring up the news and half-dreading the reaction. John was a brave man, far braver than most, but he balked when it came to the matters of the heart and Sherlock, without knowing it, held John's in his hands.
"Queen and Country." John rolled the words over and over in his mouth, remembering when he himself had gone to war for this very reason, and shook his head. "What a load of shit."
They lunge for the nearest carriage and cram themselves inside. Lily let out a sigh of relief after John slammed the door closed behind them. “That was—”
John’s jaw clenched, but he didn’t turn back around. “Who I befriend and who Sherlock befriends is none of your bloody business. And you’re a bloody terrible brother for trying to bugger this up when it’s
“Yeah. You want them?”
John nodded and went to get his gear from inside the tent that served as the barracks. The unit he was in had moved away from the base three months ago to a temporary encampment they'd set up at the edge of enemy territory. Every day was spent in heightened tension, waiting for the enemy to strike while they sent convoys in, going deeper and deeper, trying to gain as much ground as they could.
This time it was a man with a hole going clean through his torso. John cursed as he examined him. "No good, we have to bring him back to camp." He signaled for another soldier to help him and they began to drag him away.
Sherlock grins. “Don’t tell me you’ve never gotten into trouble like that before, not with James and Sirius as your friends.”
An explosion rocked the air, sending shockwaves. John reeled back, slipped, and crumpled to the ground. The soldier cried out as they fell, but John barely heard it as he struggled to get to his feet again.
John waved his thanks and stuck his hand out for a cab. To his surprise, one came immediately and he got in. "221B Baker Street, please."
Something thick caught in John's throat and a sharp pang pierced through him, stinging and stealing his breath away. He winced at the pain, shifting almost imperceptibly.
Again, his head shook.
Greg shifted on his knees, trying to stretch his arms out and ignoring the doctor's sarcasm.
"Well my tolerance for sedatives isn't quite as bad as yours."
“Would you like half your punishment now? I will use the harder paddle though.”
"Is that clear?"
“Usual position,” he ordered when his sub was free of the mounted dildo.
“It's alright, pet, I didn't wake you because world war three is about to kick off. I woke you because we're back at the flat.”
"But, sir. Those orders weren't fair!"
Happy with how it was tied off, the Dom stepped around his trussed up sub and ran his hand through his curls. Then he pushed a finger into his mouth. Sherlock was unsure on what he should do and was surprised when John pushed in three fingers and ordered him to suck. He did what he was told immediately. Still unsure on where John was planning on going with all this. He was even more surprised when John had unbuckled his wrists.
Slowly, painfully, Sherlock straightened, the back of his legs protesting at any movement as well as his no doubt bruised arse.
“Now kneel.”
John was most surprised when ten minutes later Sherlock had actually eaten everything he had been given. He was so surprised that it roused his suspicion. He didn't say anything, but he started watching his boy closely.
“Clever man, your brother.”
“I like it like this, sir.” He sounded ashamed? Embarrassed? To admit it.
The doctor ran his hand through his sweaty messed up – more than normal – curls, all the while letting his words sink in for a moment. “I know you are,” he said softly, eventually. “We have time for a cuddle before we’ve got to get ready for the evening. How does that sound?”
“Who? Finn or Mycroft?”
Sherlock glared at his brother and Mycroft got back to his knees, his hands immediately settling behind his head again.
Sherlock picked up Finn and hugged him to him as he took a seat. His eyes met John's over the little boy's shoulder and he smiled thinly.
John sped up, dragging the detective to one of the playrooms.
Sherlock abruptly moved even closer to the shape and reached out as if to touch it. John grabbed him about the waist and pulled him back.
The sub stood and then held his hand out for his Dom. Eyeing it warily the doctor took his hand and Sherlock pulled him to his feet.
"I can only assume, once again, you're failing to address me appropriately on purpose. Seeing as I was saying the same damn thing mere hours ago."
As John went towards the bedroom, he snagged Greg's sleeve.
With that, he took off after John down the stairs.
The doctor rolled his eyes. So he was spoken to when he wasn't in the room, and spoken to in Sherlock's head, when he was.  Could he win?
Slowly, Sherlock raised his hands up and settled them behind his head.
"Mm. Thank you, sir." Greg just wanted the Dom to move his fingers, maybe add another one, anything. But John didn't, he just left his two settled there.
The driver obeyed immediately. John removed his seatbelt and climbed over the seat to reach into the boot. He pulled out a leash and a gag.
Once he was in a tight as possible hogtie, John fetched a gag for him. He’d had enough of his noise. He pressed the ball between his teeth and let him fight the urge to bite into it as he buckled it up behind his head.
Greg and John shared glances. “Tell us.”
The Dominatrix already had him stripped and hanging by his wrists. Try as he might, Sherlock couldn't keep himself from reacting. It was always the same, the brother's were one another's weakest point.
“Sorry, sir,” Mycroft apologised immediately, glaring at his little brother.
At that, Sherlock protested quite vocally. If he wanted to go to his Mind Palace, he bloody well would. It wasn't like he could see anything else to entertain himself with.
Mycroft tried and failed to get to his feet again. It made Irene laugh.
A younger man that John knew as Mycroft’s Dom, Greg, appeared behind him with a placating hand on his shoulder. The tears or concern and anger coming from John were enough for Greg to persuade Mycroft to deal with the bloodied body in the corner rather than take it out on him. It wasn’t his fault.
"Thank you, sir," he whispered.
Sherlock was practically out of sight now and John began to make his way down after him but paused after a few stairs.
He walked out of the front building, already in full dominance mode, it was like he already knew what his friend was going to say.
"Then bloody well remember your respect," he pushed him off the bed so he landed on his knees.
The sub rolled his eyes and looked down at his cock. Who wouldn't be in a difficult mood when put in such a situation.
"I'll make them even more uncomfortable."
Eurus stood and hugged Irene from behind. "I don't know if he'd make a good servant. I still fancy him more as a work of art."
“And you love him, which is why you are trying to be this perfect boy. Even Mycroft isn’t perfect all the time.”
Sherlock looked up at him, unsure whether he should be happy or confused, he settled for slightly more relaxed than he had been five minutes ago. The Dom cupped his cheek. “Why did you do it, pet?”
“Well… you see, Greg's a personal close friend of mine. My submissive’s brother is also Greg's sub. Sherlock, there, also works for the met… so you can see the problem here then, can't you?” the doctor quirked his eyebrow at the slow forming look of horror on the other two Doms’ faces.
“Come on, sir, keep up!”
The detective fell to his knees as he wiped his mouth with his sleeve.
"Yes, but taking a step away from the office was his  choice, isn't that right, pet?"
"Not unless you safe word."
Sherlock didn't speak, just dug into his waffle when John placed it in front of him. He smiled because John and filled all the gaps with blueberries.
"Yes. You did. But how do you think that makes me feel?"
The blond sighed when Sherlock just absently flicked through them. He glanced at Mycroft who nodded once.
Download from
“Th-thank you, for p-punishing me sir.” He took a deep breath and then sobbed quietly.
"Has this got anything to do with the last few days?" Mycroft asked.
When John was done he put the paddle down, Sherlock was whimpering softly and had been since the 15th blow, which was 25 theorhetically. The Dom had known how much the paddle hurt submissives, of course he did, he had just never done it without knowing the punishment would be over straight after. And the thought of that, hurt. A lot.
Sherlock wished he could do something to make these visits easier on his brother, easier on both of them, but he couldn't.
Sherlock chuckled slightly, almost nervously.
“What if John has a word? A word he can use when you are pushing your luck?”
"And what are you sorry for?"
Just to make the detective's day worse, Donovan got in beside Greg.
"You take care of me all the time. I just wanted to do something for you and now I want waffles."
"It's only a matter of time, I'm sure," the government official said bitingly.
"You're not mad anymore?"
“Wha-”
“I’m not implying anything.”
“What? Why?” The Dom was more than concerned now. Subs, especially Mycroft, never shouted at him and the tone in his voice was enough to make him move to comply without an answer, but he needed one to know what to do once he had reached Sherlock. Even so, he headed off at a fast run to the other side of the house. Damn the distance!
Sherlock tried to turn around, to glare at his Dom but Greg grabbed his cock. He wrapped his fist around it hard and squeezed around the pegs.
“You’re adorable,” Greg said.
John laughed appreciatively. "Oh, yes." He ran a finger over Sherlock's bollocks, admiring how Greg had bound them earlier, then he gave one of his boy's balls a pinch.
“Oh, don’t pretend you worked that out. Somebody told you that.”
“Alright. Up, boy,” John said, pushing Sherlock lightly.
“What? Why?” Sherlock's eyes were wide as he glared at this... switch. This man that seemed to have Mycroft so worried. Who even had the power to make his big brother worry? He was the British Government.
In consideration of John, Greg stopped his nibbling. He didn't want to be responsible for the other Dom getting bitten. Instead he switched to little teasing licks that wouldn't satisfy.
“You're going to get yourself in more trouble.”
Sherlock began breathing heavily, huffing as he watched his brother.
"Years ago! I'm with John now."
“Any ideas, Doctor?” Greg asked, seeing he was done with his own, yet briefer examination.
"Oh dear. Are they back?" She turned to look behind her, but there was nothing there. She turned back to face the detective. "There's nothing here. Are you feeling quite alright?"
As Sherlock went to relax back against the wall, Mrs. Hudson, his landlady appeared at her door, frying pan in her hand.
“You know, I don’t have to give you half now. I could give you the full 74 and however many you are no doubt going to add throughout the day, tonight at 7.”
"What?"
"Lean on my knee, pet. And by all means go to sleep if you like."
At that, the Dom grinned back. He couldn’t believe how comfortable the brat was around him now. He knew that, at a drop of a hat, it could change. He knew there wasn’t 100% trust, not yet, but it would continue to get steadily better. “You arrogant sod.”
“You can sit down, pet,” John offered indicating the chair beside his own.
Greg reached between the ropes and smacked Mycroft's arse. "Enough of that tone, mister."
He laughed again. “Sorry, pet. Couldn’t resist kissing you, that’s all.” He patted his arse. “Up you get. I doubt you’ve seen the lake as it’s around the back. Unless you went round there when you got out?” At the shaken head, he nodded to the door. “Go and find some socks and grab both pairs of shoes. My walking boots are in my room.”
Download from
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
The doctor eased the nozzle into his sub's hole, working it in until it was at just the right depth, then he removed the clamp, letting the fluid flow into him.
The Superintendent stepped between Mycroft and the other couple. "I don't believe I told you to watch them."
Glancing cautiously at the other Dom, he moved to his own. John didn’t seem to notice as he was in mid conversation.
The last week had been odd to say the least, Sherlock has expected a beating, expected punishment beyond what John had said was going to happen, but the beating never came. The usual evening spanking was upped, like John had promised, and his arse smarted a bit, but he had been expecting so much more. Even now.
“Sir-”
Greg and Mycroft stayed where they were, deciding to give them some time alone.
Sherlock thrusted his bottom lip out and made John chuckle.
"Sir, I need to-"
Mycroft closed his eyes. "I got him a glass of water and a bucket, Eurus!" He snapped. "If you had been sick all over the table I would have done the same for you. But you didn't like it. You never liked anything."
"I can sit on you as long as it takes you to calm down." Greg crossed his arms and settled in for the long term.
Sherlock glanced between them, not speaking. The room fell into an awkward silence up until Finn tugged on Sherlock's sleeve.
“But, sir-”
“I thought you didn’t like water, boy?”
"I'm always in a no win-"
“John, there’s something I’ve been meaning to mention to you,” the DI stated before John could run off and join Sherlock.
“What were you thinking about?”
“Do not move,” he ordered, accepting the call and leaving the front room.
Once Sherlock had found the right skip nearly an hour had passed. He wondered what to do now and thought through his options. He could go back to John’s but there was no guarantee that he would head straight there. He had been so busy in subspace that once again he had failed to pay attention to the journey which meant he had no idea how long away it was or even where it was, he wouldn’t admit that to his brother or his Dom but he still actually hadn’t worked out where John’s house was. When he finally got access to the computer he would deem to find out. He knew that John had said to stay with him but he had that blasted stick. He needed to find a way for the blond to get rid of it. If he did he wouldn’t be quite so slow. When he had first met the professional Dom he had expect John to hit him with it, he was pleased to know that that had been an entire figment of his imagination.
Sherlock took the doctor by the hand and pulled him towards the building. “I’m sure Sally came around for a nice little chat and just happened to stay over…” he glanced at his Dom who was trying to hide the smile on his face. “And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.”
He saw the dildo. He was sure Irene wanted him to fetch at once. Getting it out of the trunk was a much more difficult task. He dropped it twice before he was able to get a firm grip on it.
“Sherlock had to fight you for custody of Finn.”
"Because we are on holiday. A special holiday for this very thing. He's an arse and he knows it but he needs to be at my feet to understand it."
Beta read by sherlockian4evr
Sherlock sat up straight. "Hours?!"
Finn didn’t move just wrapped his arms around John’s neck, holding him tightly.
He pushed him to his knees at the back of the study so he was facing the wall and about 6 inches from it.
When he was done, the sub turned to stare at him, rolling his shoulders, his arms were stiff, but nowhere near what he was expecting.
The little boy's face lit up and, before he could ask to help, John waved him over. Finn climbed up on the step stool and waited to be told what to do.
“So much for helping me with breakfast, little man,” John teased.
Mycroft couldn't hold still. He kept shifting his weight back and fourth from one knee to the other.
“Taxi for Sherlock Holmes,” came the response after the land lady had said hello.
“The cabbie is your serial killer,” John offered. Of course, Sherlock knew that. Bollocks. That's just made this even worse. He won't touch the ground.
"In case you haven't noticed we aren't paying you."
Greg climbed up onto the sofa and onto the doctor's lap.
John sighed and went to the kitchen. "You're eating tonight, Sherlock," he called through. "So what do you fancy?"
"Hey!"
Once Sherlock was laid out on the bed, John began to untie him from the collection of ropes. He released one leg first, then the other, lowering them both slowly down to the bed and massaging his thighs that had taken the brunt of the strain.
The little boy looked at him very seriously for a long moment, then spontaneously kissed him on the cheek. "I love you, Daddy."
“Bored. And used to a lot worse.”
Eurus stroked Mycroft's head where the blow had occurred. "Poor, Mycie, bumped your head. Does it hurt too badly, big brother? Let me kiss it well." She bent and pressed her lips to the spot in a kiss.
Sherlock looked down at the small length of rope that was visible between his legs, regretting his new predicament and knowing it was entirely his own fault.
John scrambled up the last few rungs and hopped over the small barrier that sat there. That answer from his pet was accustomed to roofs.
The government official groaned. Greg had done it to him again, aroused him with just a few simple actions. If only he hadn't still been wearing the cock cage, Mycroft would have been hard already.
The detective was quite clearly enjoying the opportunity to spread his legs without the guilt of leaving John behind weighing him down. He knew it would probably sound stupid if said out loud but he would swear blindly that running without John's knowledge/permission slowed him down. And what was more, it was far better running with the Dom, not running up and down Baker Street because of him.
“The past is the past. Sir. There’s no need to drag it all back up again.”
His hand picked up its pace and pressure causing Sherlock to grunt his release.
"Then you aren't observing, brother mine. The surveillance on me is worse than anything you have to endure and as for the microchip..." He reached up and rubbed a spot on his shoulder.
"For what?"
"Are you sure? Because you are already acting like a brat and you've been awake less than an hour."
She dragged him too fast for him to properly keep up and when they reached the governor's private rooms he was thrown to his knees beside his sister.
As a response, he continued counting.
Sherlock realised he didn't really have much of a choice and let the Dom drag him down the stairs and out the front door of the building, passed the cab Sherlock had climbed out of earlier.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had plenty of time to think about what his Dom had said throughout the day, from the things said in anger to the more gentle things said as the day wore on.
“What’s a pearl?”
“You will eat, Sherlock, or I will make you.”
He snatched up the metal anal hook and began to work it in. It was cold, so Sherlock automatically flinched away from it. “No!” John smacked his open palm down on his sub’s arse. “You do not move.”
Meeting with Mycroft had been awful. He’d sat there trying his hardest to not look smug and failing. It wasn’t until Greg had walked in that the look was wiped from the older Holmes’ face. Like he knew it was wrong.
"One, sir."
He suddenly pushed away his mug of tea, it sloshing over the side and onto the table and threw himself on the floor beside his big brother. He hugged him tightly. “Thank you, big brother.”
“I did,” the doctor nodded once. “How did I do that?”
Still, it seemed pleasant enough so far, if a little cold.
“Sherlock, enough!” John barked, his tone deep and rough. “You have no right to argue with me. None at all.”
Sherlock glanced out of the window. It was more like a mini bus than a car. Having a brother in the British government helped with some matters.
“No. You are not coming,” knowing exactly what he wanted. “You are still on punishment.”
Greg raised a hand and grasped a rope holding Mycroft in the air. "Do you want me to do that?" The Dom asked. "One foot like one nipple."
"Perhaps we have been pulled into a mass hallucination, though I doubt that's likely," Sherlock mused.
“Do you know why you need to be punished?”
John glanced over at him and smiled, but it didn't meet his eyes. Sherlock merely shrugged in response, what could they do but go with the flow?
Sherlock gave him a hug anyway.
The detective repeated her words, his face flushing red with anger.
The sub was breathing heavily after the examination of the doctor's fingers over his arse, the throbbing must have been aggrevated by the Dom after all.
Sherlock's eyes darted up to the Dom, then looked away. "Yes, sir," he whispered.
Sherlock refused to respond to that, there was nothing wrong. He just wasn't in the mood for stupid questions.
. 11.65MB
Eurus finally shouted, "Do something!" and the guards moved in, pulling her off of Irene.
“Careful boy, you’re already on 33, rather large number already even if it is your first tally.”
The doctor turned to Mycroft. "What?"
“Sir- What-”
"My submissive has something he wishes to say to you, Sherlock," Greg informed him, trying a slight smile. He tugged Mycroft's collar sharply. "Speak, boy, before I change my mind and spank you in front of your little brother."
As the younger man looked up, John removed the ball part of the gag by flicking a catch so he was left with a ring spreading his lips wide. He didn’t like that one bit, not with the way it held his mouth open.
Sherlock was laid out face down on the bunk when John reached his cell. The boy wasn’t high, he was pissed off. It was clear anger was radiating through him.
Sherlock remained calm and quiet when John entered the room, not kicking up a fuss until the Dom came close.
"Why have you used that?" Eurus asked the dominatrix curiously.
John let that sink in for a bit. "You're right, Mycroft, thank you." He stood up and headed back to the house.
"To be clear, who have you met?" Mycroft asked, knowing the answer but hoping he was wrong.
Irene slapped him before the youngest Holmes had a chance to do so herself, causing Eurus to frown, though her face cleared quickly. "'Brainwashed' is such a harsh term, little big brother. I prefer cajoled."
“Greg, tell me everything you know,” the doctor ordered, kicking his office door in. He thudded back into the filing cabinet behind it, but John didn't care.
“No. I have some work to complete at the desk,” he nodded to the one in the corner as he unclipped his leash. “But I'm not taking any chances with you.” He couldn't attach the leash to anything else because he had told his sub he was free to roam around the room so he took the leash with him to the corner.
When he turned around he was right, Sherlock was inches from escaping. He reached out and snagged him by the scruff of the neck. “Don’t mind us, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll deal with Sherlock. And the curtains.”
“Sherlock, for Christ sake, will you bloody well slow down?!”
“Complying means you release me, right?”
By 4 o’clock John had been remarkably impressed by his pet. Of course he had slipped up and his tally was well on the way passed 30, but he could see how hard the boy was trying.
John climbed on top of Sherlock and sat on his back.
Before Sherlock could protest again, Mycroft hissed as his arms were twisted up his back painfully as the cuffs dug into his wrists.
His eyes were red, but he hadn’t actually begun to cry.
“But, sir, what has this been about if-“
The Dom took great pleasure in washing Sherlock's hair. He loved the feel of the sudsy curls under his fingers. After they were rinsed, the sub dropped down to his knees and began nosing at John's cock.
"That was naughty, pet," Greg whispered when Mycroft climbed back into bed.
Rather than be angry, the doctor smirked. Sherlock would hate being milked with a sound in, but it would still happen. He wasn't about to mention that little detail to the lad, he would fight and resist as soon as he knew. John wanted this meal to be as painless as possible.
With clear reluctance, Sherlock forced himself up and over the Dom's lap, with some difficulty given how he was cuffed.
"Now, Sherlock!"
"Mostly, but you know me well enough to know I don't leave a job part done."
"Sir. I meant, sir, honestly."
“Get. Away. From. Him,” he hissed.
John had just stood there for the entirety of the conversation watching his sub with amusement. He hadn’t gone too far and had been rather subtle with his accusations, well rather subtle when it came to Sherlock, and these two new people that his boy seemed to know quite well both had deserved it.
Sherlock was more than aware the last few minutes hadn’t helped his situation at all, so he did as he was told. It felt weird being in such scruffy clothes. He thought he was thin now - well John was always telling him he was - his jeans fit but the t-shirt was rather tight fitting.
"There's children around!" Greg hissed out between laughs.
"We'll discuss it later. Go back to your brother's pizza."
Sherlock paced the room, riding crop in hand. He struck John with it whenever he slowed and they'd been going long enough that John's whole back and arse was red.
"Good boy." The doctor ran his hand through his boy's curls, then he kissed him on the neck, sucking a bruise there. "I've missed you being like this." He tightened the grip on his sub's hair and pulled him around to kneel in front of him.
Well that put John a little taken aback, things had been going well. It must have been the idea of punishment. He’d learned from experience that if things seemed too good be true they usually were.
“In!” She barked. “Now!l”
Sherlock started to sit on the tier lower in the water than John, but the Dom caught him by the arm. "Listen to what I say pet. I want you to sit beside me."
The detective managed a smirk but that was it.
Back in the ordinary main room, Greg regarded the boys. "One drawback to having them cuffed is they can't unload the car." He sighed. "If you'll keep an eye on them, I'll do it."
Greg blushed as he looked down at his feet. "Let's just say I'd rather not piss you off. I don't want you holding any grudges against me when I'm knelt at your feet next time."
“Tuck your knees to your chest and put that lovely arse of yours in the air.”
Irene appeared, smoothing her hair down and smiling coldly, at least until the guards disappeared, then she looked panicked. "You have to take me with you when she let's you go."
The government official was completely caught off guard, however, when Greg bent and started kissing the red marks left by his hand.
"Yup. Can you get a move on. I need to pee."
Eurus slapped her brother. "Stop talking, Mycroft."
Sherlock snorted, glancing over his shoulder at John. “What have you been telling him?”
"Answer me, boy!" the Dom ordered, tone stern.
“Brilliant.” Sherlock's grin was huge, proud of himself clearly.
The detective frowned. “It wasn't me!”
Sherlock went about getting dressed, he threw his shirt on but didn't button it up, and his trousers had to be taken off once as he put them on the wrong way.
"I don't care about your opinion," John said dismissively. "Actually, I thought my flatmate was a madman. A bloody gorgeous madman, but a madman nonetheless. I don't think I would have been too surprised that he was into this. Now me..." The detective grunted, demanding their attention. John just rolled his eyes and slapped him on the thigh. "I think we've been paying my boy too much attention."
The Dominatrix attached a chain to Sherlock's cuffs, then ran it back to a ring on the cell wall and looped it through, locking it in place. She did the same to Mycroft, only she pulled the chain tight, forcing him to back up.
Sherlock dropped his head to the back seat, his head now turned towards John. He was glaring, but it lacked his normal venom.
“You were clearly thinking twice about being punished now, but that’s fine. It doesn’t bother me. It is supposed to be at 7 o’clock after all. I was just trying to make it a bit easier on you.”
He pointed to the paper on the unit by way of response.
Sherlock spun on his heel and stared back at him, some of his defiance choosing this moment for some reason to exert itself.
He contemplated clearing his throat to get the older man’s attention, but something inside him prevented him from doing so. He knew that being cheeky right now at the end of the punishment wouldn’t be such a wise move.
“No, boy! You haven't answered my question yet.” He loved that debauched look on the younger man's face. It suited him far too well, and he didn't get to see it enough. He would enjoy it - revel in it - for as long as he could.
. 18.49MB
“Pet, can you go and wait over there?”
“I just don’t want to.”
John held the door for Greg as the Superintendent carried his boy from the room. "I never would have dreamt that one day I would find Sherlock's brother adorable, but there he is."
“No one knows and Soo Lin won’t say. But nobody wants to be around him now.”
"Know also that my brother holds you in extremely high regard, Dr. Watson. Your loss will undo him. For his sake, I advise you to consider your actions before undertaking them."
Sherlock stalked out of the bathroom, his hair and arms dripping wet. He was still wearing his customary suit, although he'd removed the jacket and the water was soaking into the expensive material of his shirt. John forced his eyes away from the wet patches that clung to his chest and collarbones and stared determinedly at Sherlock's face.
Sherlock Holmes was a small gangly boy with delicate but sharp features. His cheekbones were set high, his nose straight, and his jaw was already starting to be clearly defined. No doubt he will be very handsome in the future. His hair lay limp and flat, plastered to his head by the rain, but John could tell it would be a mop of ink-black curls once it dried. His eyes, still as icy as before but now a pale blue-gray under the candlelight, flickered around, drinking everything in with a calculating look that was certainly not typical of an 11 year old boy.
“No, sir,” he responded quietly. He couldn’t lie.
Finn crawled over to Sherlock’s chair and reached under it, pulling Geoff his dinosaur out from under it. He stood up and, hugging the toy, went to the coffee table where his colouring book and crayons lay.
Mycroft pushed himself off the bed and dropped to the floor, his hands went behind his head without being ordered.
"How long could you stand this before you were naughty?" John asked as he opened his laptop with his free hand and checked on the boys.
“How many times then!” There was a long pause before he added, “sir?”
“How do you know she had a phone?”
“You’re learning. I expect you to get fed up and frustrated. This will stop you inevitably biting me.”
“Sir, I've already said I would-”
Greg folded his arms. "What do you want to do with him?"
“Let’s go up for ice cream and I’ll tell you.”
"Could a 'relationship' between them even work?"
He loved it when his boy was like this, pliable like clay.
Mycroft smirked. "Well… good job it's just four blokes then."
John smiled at him and ruffled his curls. It was the first time there hadn’t been a look of upmost hatred in his eyes as the form of comfort happened.
“Almost.”
Greg took his hand and led him into the water. They meandered towards Finn and his fathers who were picking up shells.
“Yes, sir,” he sniffled, grateful that John was pulling a t-shirt over his head and letting him wear some trousers. Mycroft would deduce, but at least his dignity would remain a little.
“What was that?”
. 10.28MB
The Dominatrix pointed to one of the guards. "Gag the other one." She stepped back and watched the men work. They were almost as frightened of her as they were of Eurus.
"Don't be an idiot," John said, watching his expression closely.
At his whimper, John looked up. “Oi, pet. Look at me!”
"But, sir, I-"
“I asked you a question.” John’s voice had gone a shade sterner, his authority ever-present.
As the shock of running into a Dom washed over him he realised that he recognised that ‘oi’ – that voice. He needed to go. Now. Quickly.
. 12.68MB
“I am on a case,” he ground out. “John let me.”
“Of course.” He snatched it off the unit and settled it on the floor.
“I should have known you'd escape,” he whispered, pulling the kneeling Holmes to his chest as he crouched down beside him. He felt that if he let Sherlock go he wouldn't see him again.
He hummed.
"Tie his hands to his collar," John ordered, glancing over at Sherlock.
It was clear the following morning that all Sherlock had managed to do was doze.
"Come on, babe, in you get."
John looked over at Greg. "I wasn't planning on leaving the house today, but I'm tempted now. Should we go see the sights, Greg?"
Sherlock whimpered and closed his eyes.
"Punish us for what, little sister?"
“Well, that’s news to me. Suppose you learn something new every day.”
At the first touch of the silver rope against his skin, Sherlock let out the softest, most contented of sighs. This felt like true forgiveness.
“You are making this impossible for yourself, boy. Your tally has already gone up to 37.”
The DI glanced in the rear view. It didn't take much to work out what John was thinking. “We would only know the council cameras. And these days it's few and far between how many haven't been trashed.”
Sherlock was grabbed by the curls and pulled upright, his collar pulled tight.
"You ok?" John asked, letting Sherlock stand up from where he'd rugby tackled their suspect to the gravel.
"Does it matter?" Sherlock asked, exasperated. "Just be happy that I'm Cooperating for once. Your car can leave, Mycroft."
“I’m nervous. What if I mess up? What if I do something that angers you? Or worse, disappoints you?”
"Handcuffs and a gag. I think that should do it. Unless you see something you think I might need."
John kicked it a little harder. "If you did like it then it wouldn't be punishment, would it?" John folded his arms and moved over beside Mycroft.
But much to the two brothers surprise, Eurus turned into the hug and wrapped her arms around the Woman.
The sub glanced up in horror. “Fighting, sir?” Fighting was bad, fighting would be punishable far worse than staying in the doctor’s room alone overnight. He shook his head furiously, “I’m not fighting you, sir. Honest.”
Sherlock obeyed. His caution was not gone, but it wasn’t stopping him either.
With a heavy sigh, the older Dom pulled his phone from out of his jacket pocket that was on the coat rack in the corner and dialled his sub's number.
“I don’t know why you need the little rebellion amongst everything we do. It’s constant. You must exhaust yourself.”
He went up and up, given his long legs, but he didn’t land quite where he had intended.
That was the precise instant that Greg pressed the sub back onto the lubed dildo that was attached to the fucking machine.
Sherlock looked up at that. "It wouldn't have worked."
“We might not be in my home, but you will still treat me with some respect, Sherlock. You need a serious attitude adjustment.”
“On your feet.”
The Irishman appeared from the blind spot in his vision and slapped him. Hard.
He shook his head vigorously, no, he deserved to be on the floor, he had no need to be on the chair, this was where he was supposed to be. If he sat on the seat then it would feel like further defeat and disappointment.
"Come on then, babe, where's John?"
They'd probably have the boy’s entire future planned out within hours. John smiled as he snorted. He'd just have to do his best to help Finn thwart their plans whenever it was needed in the years to come. He knew his would have to be the voice of sanity.
Irene raised an eyebrow. "And why is that?"
Sherlock knelt waiting for the Dom's to untie him. He groaned when a minute had passed and that didn't happen. He quickly began struggling again.
Mycroft watched the younger sub for a long moment. Sherlock's logic was always all over the place and the majority of the time, it wasn't wrong. Some occasions he saw him and thought he was ready to leave the Dom, others it was clear why John had come to him talking about an extension to the contract.
"Is it me or is your sub trying to outdo his brother?"
"You can speak," Greg teased.
While he tried to regain his composure without John noticing, his mind kept drifting back to Mycroft, still knelt in Greg's office. Why was his brother still in trouble? And why did Greg care so much that his sub had upset his brother? None of it made sense.
“You knew we wouldn't,” Sherlock countered.
He glanced at Greg. "I think that'll do it." John climbed from the vehicle and stretched his legs.
"Apologise properly, Mycroft, and mean it."
"Yes, sir." Sherlock sounded choked up. "Thank you, sir."
John was aware of Sherlock’s past. He had asked all the proper questions of Mycroft before the contract and even managed a small amount of discussion with the sub himself. He had therefore conducted his own research as well as his own experiences with drug addicted teenagers in A&E on a Friday night. He hated to think of Sherlock like that, but knew Mycroft had done a fantastic job in clearing up after him as well as putting him back together surprisingly well, according to Greg. He also knew he had to consider it, in case anything had happened with his pet before he had a chance to intervene. He therefore knew that Sherlock would have likely kept the scruffy trainers and jeans he would have worn all the time – a reminder to never slip up again. He dropped them on the floor beside the armchair and after half an hour of having Sherlock in the corner, he ordered him to turn around and made sure his arms were folded again to let him know he was still mad.
It’s been a while, I know! One month left and I can write as much as I like!
The doctor nodded. “Oh and that’s 8, pet. You can do better than that.”
The four of them washed their hands at the small sink inside and then Sherlock actually skipped to the counter.
“Can John take a look, sir?”
“I've had specific instructions from Sherlock's Dominant to keep you away. I have to respect that until he is charged with anything. Out.”
Sherlock felt the lump in his throat get larger and he couldn't bare it anymore, he collapsed onto the bed and let out a broken sob. "Nothing, John."
Greg snorted. "You're not."
"Still in a funny mood? I thought of letting you down so you could join us." He walked over and ruffled his hair, then pushed him.
Download from
“Right, you git. Well, I’ll see you later.”
. 20.58MB
John beamed back, letting out a deep breath. The sub was tentative in the kiss, but John could tell he really needed it when his good arm came up and wrapped around him instinctively. He held him and the younger man tucked his head of curls under his chin.
Sherlock stayed turned away, he opened his mouth slightly, then closed it.
“Excuse me?” John raised a disapproving eyebrow.
“There’s going to be a lot of things you aren’t going to know, boy. That’s why we have trust.”
Sherlock glared at him, but it was all he could do. The amount of rope John had used to tie him to the bench… he hadn't stood a chance.
"Good morning, beautiful. I have to say I wondered what was under those suits of yours." Irene gave his cock a twist, causing him to cry out.
"Yes, sir."
The frown disappeared to be replaced by a broad grin. “That’s it?”
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock sighed, wanting to kick something in frustration. “Um... sir?”
Sherlock swallowed hard. "So I can serve you? Please."
John nudged him again, a little harder; it was a clear warning.
She reached between them and pulled on the chain that connected their cocks. Both of them grimaced and made sounds of pain.
“Ok, and a spade.”
Just as Sherlock relaxed completely, John bit his nipple, hard. The sub was so surprised he brought up his hands to try to cover it, then he flinched and lowered them. "I'm sorry, sir. I'm sorry."
“Will you ever let me out of it?”
John's grip on his boy's damp curls tightened. His sub had such a talented mouth. He'd have to pull him off his cock soon or he would come before he was ready.
"Something to say, brat?"
Sherlock nodded, realisation dawning.
Mycroft grinned and took off towards the building.
He squeezed his eyes shut as he tried to focus on not writhing beneath the Dom's hand.
Sherlock grinned but John reached over to scoop the boy up. “You look good too, Sherlock.”
Greg watched Sherlock carefully. "Mycroft is okay, you know."
"Up and over my knees, boy." Greg waited until his sub had taken position, then placed a hand over one globe of his ass.
Feeling frustrated, but aroused, Mycroft sipped at the coffee. He glanced over at his Dom who wore a completely blissed out look. It made the government official smile despite being so frustrated.
Sherlock nodded and took the proffered hand.
John wandered at a comfortable pace towards the kitchen. He was positive his pet would be fine alone. He had realised early on that when he was kneeling, he was a lot more focused and they seemed to have avoided Panic. John had contemplated taking him aside after a few sharp orders being ignored, but this was new to the younger man. He didn’t want to show him up more than necessary in front of a stranger, especially a fellow Dom. Humiliation was slightly different when it was just the two of them and they only touched on it now after the trust they had fought so hard to gain this week. Taking him aside would make them both look bad, even if he wanted a chat rather than to bollock the younger man.
“Alright, mate,” he called through to the driver. “Home please.”
"Thank you, mistress," he whispered, averting his eyes.
He nodded again, his teeth gnawing on his bottom lip.
“Well it’s your fault. If it wasn’t such a gorgeous arse, I wouldn’t want to play with it all the time.”
“Please, sir, may I go?” he nodded towards the en-suite.
“I knew what I needed to do, and I it wouldn’t take me long, sir.”
Sherlock caught sight of him and his breath hitched in his throat. He looked down quickly, trying to recover, as he felt subspace creep around him. Given the Dom’s height, Sherlock always saw his suit as an extra offence when it came to being authoritarian, with a tie he just looked… well, gorgeous was the only word he could think of.
“You're most likely correct,” the Superintendent said with a laugh. “I only hope you finally make an impression on him. I know it’s a lot to ask but please remain… hard on him. He’s heard the warning now. I want to know if he breaks it.”
. 13.33MB
"You knock the chair over, I will expect you to keep fucking yourself so if you can do that horizontally do continue your little tantrum."
“Better. Then what is the problem?”
John was reminded of Sherlock's very first day with him, how long it had taken him to get the stubborn brat to ask himself.
“I didn't actually go anywhere. I was just proving a point. Had to wait an hour by the door before John came and got me. Most stupid thing I think I've probably done.”
"You don't like disappointing John, do you, little brother?"
He waited a while but when there was no response he jostled the detective slightly. “Okay?”
"Come on, boy," he ordered, getting to his feet and helping Sherlock up. "Time we went to the den for a while."
Despite being more than a bit annoyed with his brother, Sherlock laughed. "That's my line, big brother."
“Go and put the kettle on, pet,” John ordered seeing his sub still eyeing this new Dom warily. He had a right to be wary. He didn’t have a great track record with Doms and he didn’t know if their level of trust was strong enough, so when there was no response, he added a sharp, “Now, pet!” He didn’t want to call him boy. He would if he had to, but Sherlock nodded.
"Do you now?"
Once again, swallowing his dignity, he asked, “is he coming back?”
There was no verbal response, but Sherlock nodded.
“Yes, sir.”
“This time it is control over your orgasms, boy. As well as other things.”
Sherlock laughed. "It bloody well is with the amount of layers he wears."
The Superintendent knelt on the floor, but unlike the other two unruly subs, he did nothing more, just waited for John's order.
"Don't give me that." Greg rolled his eyes. "You're better than that."
“I’m taking this one back to Baker Street,” John interrupted them. “He’s going to fall asleep pretty soon.”
“The bastard!” John’s stomach dropped further than it ever had before, so did the phone in his hand as he picked up his pace with a determination he wasn’t aware he had been hiding.
The ‘thank you’ surprised John, but he thought it best not to mention it.
"One massive one, but there is a second room in case one of us wants some alone time with our boyfriend. It's nothing fancy as I don't expect it'll get used much."
“Come on girls,” Greg said petting them both on the head. “Time for salad.”
On the verge of angry tears Sherlock dropped back to his knees. John smiled when his hands went back up behind his head without being ordered. Even so, the boy glared at the floor as if his violin was beneath it and he could burn a hole through it.
Mycroft was miles away and John stepped back to give the couple some room, at the same time he gripped his hand into Sherlock’s soft curls and dragged him back away as well.
“Right,” John began, “over the bed. You are to have six strokes with my cane every evening for 3 days on top of your usual tally. Understood?”
John glanced between the boys.
"Oh come on John. Casper was a nice 'ghost'." He rolled his eyes. "What makes you think it's a ghost anyway?"
"We'll get some tea," Greg called out.
“Donovan-”
"13."
Eurus gazed at the Dominatrix for several long moments, making Irene uncomfortable. The Dominatrix thought the youngest Holmes was more volatile than Jim had ever been.
It was several days later that Sherlock made his next move, once again avoiding John by going while he was at work. Canary Wharf was quite the distance from home.
“Thank you, sir,” Sherlock whispered back, feeling genuine gratitude towards the older man.
“You didn’t really think I’d make you eat down there?” John smiled, as much as he could at least. “It’s up to you whether you sit on my lap or that seat.”
“Now as you’ve been moderately well behaved, I am going to give you a choice. You can have the total amount of your tally tonight at 7 pm or I can halve it as it is and give you half now, but I will use the slightly worse paddle than I would usually use for routine punishment.”
"Oh, Myc, just wait until I tell Greg." John withdrew his finger from the sub's hole. "Hang in there, boy."
John clipped the detective on the back of the head before pinching his ear between his fingers. “You do what I tell you to, boy.”
Greg stepped forward and gripped him by his chin, he carefully removed the gag. "I suggest you drop that word from your vocabulary or you may end up getting more than you bargained for."
He pulled his arms around behind and cuffed him, he did the same with his feet before attaching the leash to a removable hook in the wall.
“Sherlock Holmes. I demand I see my submissive, now!”
“Why?” He snarled, but surprisingly not trying to dislodge his head from the DI's hand.
“I’ll decide that as you go. But know this, if it is not enough and we are getting close to needing to get ready I'll make you do the whole thing again tomorrow and more. And I heard it is meant to be raining in this part of London tomorrow. All day.”
Sherlock's hands fisted in frustration as the hoot made them pinch and pull a little harder.
He got a slap on the back of the head. "Watch your tone, Mycroft. Just because we aren't in London doesn't mean anything else has to change. Is that clear?"
Sherlock wanted to say nothing more than ‘I don’t like your mum either’ but he knew Finn still thought about her a lot. Maybe one day he’d forget completely, it wasn’t like it was ongoing for several years.
John smiled, running his hands through his curls over and over. "It was good. It was perfect."
“Pet?” He called out as he approached the front room.
“Hmm,” the detective grunted, watching Finn. “Shouldn't he be starting school soon?”
"So what?"
John grinned, grabbed Greg's cock and pumped it a few times before abandoning it.
Sherlock shook his head, working his jaw. "No, sir," he whispered.
“No, sir,” Sherlock answered quietly, he was beginning to feel guilty for his slight arguing earlier and he was sure the doctor hadn’t forgot, but he wasn’t going to remind him if he had.
Irene laughed but Eurus frowned. "A doctor who wasn't gay 10 years ago and a daughter that isn't his."
Sherlock glanced at his Dom in concern.
With surprise, Mycroft's eyebrows shot up.
Sherlock looked past his sister, noticing the strange look on her face. "What's wrong? Not having fun, Irene?"
When Sherlock didn't thank him for the blows, John sighed heavily.
"Oh, yes. That's very nice." Irene stepped up to the younger Holmes brother and ran her hand along his ribs. "You make a lovely display."
“It’s the famous detective, Doctor Watson. He solved a case at a club I was at a while back. Interviewed me with that rather hot copper.”
Grabbing a handful of hair, Irene shoved a mouthful of oatmeal into his mouth. He swallowed the flavourless mess without complaint.
“A Dom? How do
"It's for people who annoy me," Eurus explained. "And idiots. I can't abide idiots."
It was done through possession and protection but Sherlock didn't care, even that in itself was more than he could have hoped for so far today. Besides, it let him know that John did still think of him as his.
The sub tried his best to do as ordered, but he was soon feeling sorry for himself and sniffling.
"You're sure?" Sherlock asked, staying where he was knelt as John walked away. The detective didn't wait for a response, just ran straight down the stairs.
“Sherlock!” John barked, his tone sharper than Sherlock had ever heard it. The younger sub flinched. “Enough of that talk or I'll have you in the kitchen writing lines to remind you.”
"Shut up," she ordered.
"John, please, don't go."
His sister crossed back to him, clearly unhappy. After staring at him for a moment, she turned on her heel. "Leave them. Maybe a bit of cold will get a better reaction from them both."
Greg chuckled and knelt down behind his sub. He leant forward and bit his boy's shoulder, stopping just short of breaking skin.
“Would it be better if I just…”
“So what do you do at these crime scenes, then?” John tried to turn the conversation around slightly rather than reprimand him.
Suddenly terrified, Sherlock shuffled over as quickly as he could. John attached the leash to the radiator, leaving just enough length to sit up on his knees, but not enough for him to sit back on his feet.
Mycroft chuckled and renewed his efforts. He couldn't wait for his Dom to remove his fingers from his mouth and let him really get to work.
"Yes, sir," he said for the fourth time in as many minutes.
When they had the detective where they wanted him, John adjusted the rope that tied his bollocks to the machine, then he added a few more ropes in other places for support. He wanted his boy to be uncomfortable, but he didn't want him hurt.
“Now your pants.”
“Sowwy,” he repeated.
“Sure.” With that he turned his attention on his sub and shook him again.
"Piss off."
“Babe, I’m not saying it’s bad. I’m saying it’s good. It's obvious he’s not terrified. But we both need a fair share in dealing with it.” As John took off after Finn, the two girls watched.
"Hmm, that makes us lucky, sir." Greg turned his head and kissed the Dom's knee. "Thank you, sir."
En route to the kitchen, John realised that it was a fair distance from the living room and he pondered on what a design flaw that was. He had only personally designed the upstairs and the basement recently when he had had Sherlock’s lab installed. The ground floor had been done by architects, but then again, his profession wasn’t unusual across the country and many professional Dom’s, including John himself, had staff for this sort of thing. He had contemplated keeping the staff on with Sherlock here, but from what Mycroft had said about his little brother’s past, seeing other subs that could “pose a threat” in his eyes probably wouldn’t be good for the younger man; especially given that he had spent the whole week up until an hour ago naked, as well as the two following days. Even though it was punishment, John wasn’t here to humiliate him. He would have been even more impossible if John had had him knelt on that first day for breakfast and had someone else there too doing the cooking. It had been bad enough as it was and he’d doubled his rather considerable tally without extra complications.
Mycroft set the tea tray next to John as quietly as he could. He didn't want to disturb the obviously deep bonding time the couple was enjoying. It made him feel ridiculous for how he had been acting. Biting his lip, he looked at Greg hopefully.
Sherlock was biting his lip, his arse was throbbing like mad. Slowly, he bent at the waist to press his head to the floor, his hands couldn't really steady him as only one could reach the carpet at a time.
He dropped to his knees in front of the older man, wondering what would happen next.
"Gregory will rain hell down if she doesn't."
Mycroft screwed his eyes tightly shut. When extra weights were added and he yelped Sherlock looked up to see what was happening.
At that, Finn looked up. “Me?”
“Do not run down the stairs!” John yelled after them, he turned to the rest of the room. “Well that was a pleasant surprise.”
Sometimes having a sub, whilst being a professional Dom was very difficult. It was like hearing a toddler swearing and having to tell them off while trying not to laugh.
Even as Mycroft tried to shake his head, the Superintendent spoke again, "It is my job as a Dom to remind you about your safe word. You know that as well as I do, so don't roll your eyes at me!"
"I'll plug him up with ginger," John decided. "Would you go get me a large piece?" he asked the Superintendent. "I don't want to take my eyes off of him, not even for a moment." Sherlock's glare increased thrice fold and it made the doctor laugh. "You are being a very very naughty bratty sub." He couldn't help it, the Dom leant forward and placed a kiss on Sherlock's forehead. The detective tried to jerk away, but John wouldn't let him. He growled through the gag and John laughed once again. "Mycroft, come here," John pointed at his feet.
“Alright you,” Sherlock said getting to his feet and scooping the boy up before a full scale temper tantrum filled the flat.
"Earlier you mentioned Mycroft. Twice. Explain."
“Correct.” John nodded. “So what do I do? And do not say 'Boss me about'.”
Sherlock just shifted in his seat, feeling incredibly uneasy about the whole thing.
Carefully, Sherlock’s strong hand released his grip on his Dom’s shirt and allowed him to move away to gather the appropriate things to bandage his wrist securely. “Thank you,” he whispered and the look he received in response told John that this could very much be ok.
He needed to get out, despite the fact everything was going well for a change. He had spotted his chance yesterday when John had given him the grand tour, apparently it was the first day he deserved it, if he had just behaved that first day when he had been sent to his room without being shown around, his first attempt wouldn’t have failed. But then again, he was glad it had, because now getting out wasn’t about running away it was about something else.
He already knew how much John was different in comparison to Victor and the
"Oh, look at Greggie pouting. If you had just asked nicely I would have wanked you until you lost your mind." John patted the sub on the head.
Mycroft grunted, but refused to respond. Eurus stepped forward and released him from the cross, the government official fell in a heap to the floor, his only option.
Instead of anger, it was further interest, “How do you know about that?”
He leant forward and undid the cuffs from one another and then led him by the hand into the corner where there was a small en suite toilet. “I assume you don’t need me to watch your every move now and that you can pee on your own?”
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at her. "Yes."
"You better pick some toppings, pet," John encouraged, making his tone slightly harder and hoping it would get a response. Sherlock just pointed to the bottom of the list.
Mycroft tried shaking his head with vigour, but Greg tightened his grip.
“Coming,” he panted through the pain, his tone was soft.
“Here,” Mycroft pulled out an over stuffed cat from a bag under the seat.
“Yeah, he is,” Greg laughed, glancing at John.
The doctor chuckled softly and he continued.
He fastened one between the sub's knees, then he moved around behind him. John had to move to the side to grant the other Dom access, but he didn't let up the pressure on Sherlock's arm. Greg moved fast and placed the second bar between the sub's ankles.
“I changed the men over that were at your perimeter, they are under strict instructions to mention anything out of the ordinary, I think my brother running through your land would count as that, don’t you?”
Irene took that for the compliment that it was then watched as Eurus settled at the side of the room again. "You are going to thank me for this, doggie," the Dominatrix ordered.
Then Eurus leant over and poured it.
“Why not?”
“Maybe, but I should have got names from your brother.”
“No. I mean… I am but I can’t stop thinking about her either. So yes. We probably should see what Finn thinks.”
“So you’re not going to take me away?”
The door that led to the outside world had more locks on it than Sherlock thought possible. They all seemed to be joined together through the same circuit, though, so he fiddled with the key code box beside the door, it took him less than ten seconds tho crack the eight digit code.
Mycroft followed him at Greg’s order. He wanted to shake some sense into his brother. Why couldn't Sherlock see what he was doing wasn't going to work?
“Jackson, here now!” Greg barked. He held John steady as the terrified PC helped cuff him. Then together, they manhandled him back to the lift.
"Doesn't work that way, mate," the DI said, his voice rough with sleep. "He's your sub. Do something about him."
“Oh, we’re done waiting! Look at her, really look! Houston we have a mistake. Get on to Cardiff; find out who Jennifer Wilson’s family and friends were. Find Rachel!”
Mycroft snorted. "You're too smart for your own good sometimes."
"Will that machine work upwards?" Greg asked.
“I don’t believe in fate.”
John rolled his eyes. "Get in there and clean it up. I'm not going to touch it."
"Maybe we should speak to Finn again?" Sherlock asked.
“You... I...” he reached back to put his hand on the sofa as he felt rather dizzy.
"You know, Mycroft said something similar." John frowned. "But that can't be right. Sherlock won't be that upset. He barely notices when I'm gone. I know for a fact he talks to me even when I've been gone for hours."
Sherlock made a face. “Fine,” he muttered. “And the house elves aren’t even making roast chicken tonight anyway.” John ignored the last comment.
"I know." Sergeant Brandon looked upset. "But the British Army is requesting you to be deployed back to Afghanistan for a short period of time."
“You can definitely see the Slytherin in him,” Peter said fervently.
"I could revoke your decision."
"Yes, I spoke to him about that," Sherlock said, pressing his hands together.
"Good luck, dear," she whispered and watched as John followed his flatmate up.
This was the eighteenth letter John had written since the first one and he wearily watched as it was taken away with the others to be shipped back home for friends and family to read.
"Why did you and Sherlock try so hard to keep this from me?" John demanded.
Sherlock already had his signature coat and scarf on and was striding out the door, brushing past him. "Come on, John, don't dawdle."
, Sherlock wrote on the bottom of the letter John received sometime after New Year's. Perhaps John was just a sappy lovesick fool, but those few words made John's entire miserable, cold, bloody week.
"What are you thinking about?" Sherlock's voice abruptly broke the long-standing silence.
“She wanted to know if you accept my apology. I said yes.” John looked swiftly at him. “If that’s alright. You never said if you did accept it.”
Ross's eyes softened. "We're not God," he repeated.
"Sir, if you don't—"
Singh snorted again. "Right."
“Sure. I’d like that.”
“Lucky guess,” John said, pocketing the money. He couldn’t see the younger Holmes from where he was sitting, but he looked across the room towards the Slytherin table. Mycroft Holmes wasn’t even looking at the Ravenclaws. Instead, his gaze was focused on the Hat, which had just Sorted a brunette girl named Molly Hooper to Hufflepuff.
Lestrade looked uneasily at the house. "I don't want to know how Sherlock's going to take this. You realize he's going to be insufferable without you here?"
“Of course.”
James, Sirius, and Peter had Ancient Runes homework and Remus and John decided to keep them company by playing a game of wizard’s chess. If Sherlock was with them, the game would have been decided in about five moves even with the combined efforts of John, Remus, Sirius, and James. John grinned, picturing the smug smile his friend would wear after one such match.
"Good. I don't want to complicate things between us."
“Sherlock.
A slight frown marred Sherlock's face, but he didn't say anything.
Mycroft Holmes watched as John warily approached him. “Have a seat, John,” he says in a pleasant voice as he gestures to the chair sitting in the middle of the room.
“I’m trying to book the field as soon as possible,” Gaines was saying around a mouthful of steak and kidney pie. “But I know you guys will be wanting to adjust to your new schedules first.”
"Why not?"
“Finally, I can hear the sounds of the insatiable beast, Hunger, snarling within your stomachs. The time now is not to talk, but to eat and thus stave off this monster. Tuck in!”
“We have 642 school rules?” Peter asked, dazed by the number.
John grinned as he led the two of them down the staircases to the dungeons. A group of people had already congregated in front of the door of their classroom, among which are Lily Evans and her friends. Her eyebrows rose in a pointed question as she saw him and Sherlock approaching.
“McGonagall will have your hide for this.”
"Cookies tend to be ironic at the most unorthodox times," Sherlock said, smirking. "Mine will say that I'm about to have a chance encounter with someone from my past."
"Hello, freak," Donovan said with great dislike, glowering at Sherlock.
"I've been there before." John looked at his shoulder, remembering pain and blood. "I'll be fine."
She handed it to him. "If we had been able to approach you sooner, you could have had a week to prepare in advance. As it is now, you have only two days."
John scowled again. "So you think I'm stupid for going back? First Mycroft, now you. Is there anyone in London who isn't going to mock me for this?"
John was about to join her like he usually did, but something stopped him. He looked again at Sherlock, sitting all alone in his corner, and his chest panged to see the little first year— or third year, as he skipped several years— by himself and his feet automatically carried him to Sherlock, who looked startled as he sat down next to him.
to destroy your cauldron, John. The explosions just… happen.”
He blinked. It was hard to open his eyes. He could hear yelling, somewhere. He thought he smelled gasoline. The vehicle was going to explode. They had to get out.
But they were far more exposed now and they were moving slow— too slow. The soldier John was half-carrying was sobbing something in a harsh, panicked whisper. "Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God."
“Welcome, welcome to Hogwarts!” he cried. “There are a few announcements I would like to make before we dig into our excellent Welcoming Feast. First of all, our caretaker Mr. Argus Filch would like me to remind you of Hogwarts’s ban on more than a few magical items, the full list of which would be found in his office. Secondly, the Forbidden Forest is, as its name implies, forbidden. I strongly advise you not to enter it, at risk of your own mortal peril. Thirdly, I would like to remind you that only third years and above are allowed to enter the village of Hogsmeade with a permission slip signed by a parent or guardian. I expect they will have been handed in to your Heads of Houses no later than tomorrow evening. Saving the fourth and the best for last, I would like you all to give a round of applause to Professor Herbert, who will be joining us for a second year of teaching the Defense Against the Dark Arts class. I daresay the jinx on the position might have finally lifted!”
