“Dean.”
Both of them glanced at it suspiciously.
“So, Dean Winchester, what is it that you do?”
rare. I’ll write them all down for you,” she said, grabbing some parchment and a quill.
“No, not that, that’s just Meg, we can get her to change it back.”
“Do you hear me, ‘Castiel’?” The Beast whispered down into his ear. “Do you hear me? Do you hear the sound of your protector being torn apart by beasts? Do you hear it?”
“Oh. Yes,” Castiel said.
“W- what?” The wolf said, utterly overwhelmed. “I- I…”
Castiel took a long breath. "During Black Moons I oft venture to Aflheim as a wolf to smite what Fell I find. Every once in a while, though, I want to just... experience it."
“It’s not your fault,” Castiel said, curling into a tight ball.
“Oh,” Castiel said, blushing and turning away as the first rays of dawn lit the eastern sky.
“Spectacular,” Dean breathes. Cas tugs him down to the ground, and they sit there soaking in the magnificence of the heavens.
Castiel mewled at the feeling, the stretch of it as Dean opened him up, moving around inside him as if searching for something. “Yours,” he responded.
“Leaving? Okay. Where to?”
The guards had moved downstream.
The amulet.
Dean pauses in the doorway to adjust to the candlelit atmosphere. A young, busty woman sidles up close to him, and he steps back as politely as he can manage. She looks offended until he flashes a smile. He can’t forget that he is not dressed as a Yumeijin. He is not here with handlers. He can’t expect people to know how he prefers to be approached.
“Don’t fish for compliments, Dean. You know I’d happily tell you exactly what I think of you in any outfit.” Cas lets his head fall to the side so he is looking directly at him. Cas prefers him natural, just Dean without any ornament; but he is spectacular when he’s all glammed up, too.
curse, not someone else’s within a couple mile radius.”
Cas howls with unexpected laughter and tries to retreat. Tangled up in his robe, he falls over Dean’s leg and lands on his back. Dean is on him in a second. His lips capture Cas’s, the pressure a little too light until he gets the feel for it. Then, it’s like Dean has spent his whole life ducking into dark corners to have dirty make out sessions with boys his age.
? What does it want with you?”
Even though he should have had his mind on something else.
He crept closer, searching the shore as he drew his bearskin cloak tightly around him.
“I’ve been coming to this cabin for years. Every time I take an excursion out here, I bring whatever supplies I’ve managed to pull together.”
Cupping Dean’s jaw, he leans in slowly, giving Dean time and space to back away if he wants. Instead, Dean leans forward, anxious to complete the connection. Their lips touch gently the first time. Cas nudges Dean’s lips with his own, coaxing them to soften and part. He puckers and parts without a sound. Dean catches up with him on the next press of lips. Cas tips Dean’s head to the angle that makes their mouths slot together perfectly. Sucking the round plumpness of Dean’s lip between his own, he licks slowly, waiting for Dean’s reaction. Dean moans, letting his mouth drop slack.
Cas wished he could say more, comfort him, convince him, say how beautiful his mate was all full and round with his fledglings, but the words never formed quite right in his mouth. The only way he could really tell his Dean how much he loved him was via his actions, which he was in the middle of right now. He was happy they’d found a position that was comfortable for his mate - this was his first pregnancy and a multiple one at that, so it was hard on the Omega. These eight months had been very difficult for him, for the both of them. But only one more month and it would all be over.
Dean settles at that pledge, and leans forward to wet a cloth to scrub away the makeup in the sink.
“Cas,” he whimpers. “I-”
“No, Cas. Don’t go.” Dean grips his arm.
But it wasn’t until he looked down at his strangely heavy and immobile legs that his heart stopped in his chest.
Dean growled one last time before yanking out the blade and coming up for air. He took a deep breath as he looked around him, searching for where Castiel had gone ashore.
And there was nothing he could do. He couldn’t even breathe.
So there he was, carton of eggs in one hand, wallet in the other, with his legs tightening as he felt slick drip down, hot and wet.
“And when we mated Dean, you there, giving your all to me, snarking your way through the whole thing… you remember what you said, Dean? You said,” he swallowed, “you said I’d better do a good job or you’d find someone who could treat you right. I knew you were joking, but, god, Dean. I wasn’t worthy of you then, and I’m not worthy of you now. You, you had this look on your face when I held you there, this smile, this twinkle like galaxies in your eyes. God, Dean, you were the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen.”
First, he waited at the table, then he lay on the bed. Not because he was tired, but it… it smelled like him. Like his precious wolf.
He’d thought he’d have enough for the batter. Turns out: nope. The last couple in the carton were broken, leaving him short.
“I am more than happy to have healed your arm. You needed it.”
Castiel squinted at him. “You sure? You don’t have to.”
“I can’t, Dean. I have... things I must do. Somewhere I must be. I can’t stay,” Castiel said, a new, strange sadness filling his heart. “I’m sorry.”
“Claire,” Dean gasped out, voice scratching his throat, raw from screaming. His heart ached, he wanted to reach out, to hold his little crying daughter, to strengthen her weak grace from being so premature. She was so small. Dean loved her so much; he wanted nothing more than to wrap her up and hold her close, keep her safe.
“Right in his heart! That’ll get him for sure,” she said, smiling proudly.
“Oh, god,” Cas uttered, heart frozen in his chest. Ben wasn’t crying. He wasn’t moving at all.
That permission, that one opinion that he might have something interesting to sing about, was all he needed to rip open the box he’d put his creativity in, starving it of light and nurture. Now, he spends hours a day with his guitar.
If he even showed up.
And that’s when Dean realized something.
“What if I hurt you?”
“Help me?” Castiel asked, pulling away, a smile on his face. “You don’t need to do that, Dean. I-”
“Thank you, Reynaldo.” Dean searches for Crowley, gives him a nod from across the room, and they take their leave.
“Not everything, but I’m confident in my skills. My parents taught me a lot of what I know. They had both been out here frequently before they met, and we kept it up while they were alive.”
“No, no, it’s… it’s almost like I’m empty, hollow.”
Oh, he could not wait for the day his beloved would be free. When he could see Castiel every night, have him with him always.
He bit his dry, cold lips. “I am, too.”
Normally Castiel would protest at being spoon-fed like some fledgeling but… but here in Dean’s arms it was… nice.
Desperately, the Alpha reached out with his grace, ripping some from himself in an attempt to revive the little fledgling. “Please,” he prayed, doing everything he could to strengthen the little boy.
They were all about, as if watching him, following him, amassing around him.
Sighing, he starts again, stiffening his posture and schooling his features. “Dear Samuel, do not upset yourself. I am sure that the authorities are already searching for the perpetrators of these lies.”
Walking a mile in their shoes has opened his eyes, and he frequently gives to the community outreach centers that are running on kindness and a prayer, with no budget in place. They are the only reason the lowest caste still exists in this city, and he does what he can to help them.
“Dean, help me!”
Then he was let go, falling completely limp back on the bed, out of breath.
Castiel fell to his knees in a darkening world, looking down at the shaft stuck deep within him, in shock at the sight and feel of hot, red blood pouring from the wound, spilling from his mouth.
“Megara?!” he said, shocked.
Dean quirks a smile and nods his understanding.
I know it is difficult to get into a story with complex world-building, so I have tried to give context clues whenever I have added an element that is different from our world. Other than the castes and their requirements, there isn't much to worry about.
“Why don’t you come here and let’s see if we can turn this mood around?” Dean leers. Cas can just barely see him in the dim light, but he recognizes that tone.
It was faint at first, a pale blue glow coming from deep in his chest, where his heart should be, before slowly working up his throat.
“Well, we’re going to need some of the greatest altruistic magic there is.”
“No, please!” he shouted, devolving into sobs. “Please, have mercy!” he yelled, covering his face with his hands.
He looked so weak and helpless. Dean wanted nothing more than to help him, but he didn’t know what else to do. How do you heal someone injured by magic?
Dean gasped.
A blush crept across Castiel’s cheeks. “Then what did you mean by… ‘double trouble’?”
Dean laughed and sighed as he looked back at Castiel, unable to break his gaze from the Omega’s bright blue eyes. “I bet you’re a beautiful wolf,” he sighed happily.
“Nothing; I didn’t do anything,” he said, honestly, though unnerved by her demeanor.
“Do you want me to walk you through it?”
Finally, Cas took mercy.
“Nothing, Feathers. I just don’t have many legged people to talk to, and sometimes I get lonely.”
Guilty looks pass between them, but before they can speak another word, the elevator dings on their floor.
Dean let out a long moan as he delicately looked around, careful not to move his neck much. It hurt to move his neck.
Sam bowed his head. “Most left around seventy years ago. Gabriel comes around to stay sometimes. But I haven’t seen anyone else for so long.”
They both held each other like this for a long while.
Grace had already seeped from the wound, leaving the angel.
Dean merely whimpered, nuzzling at him fervently.
Dean breathed in the air around him, the scent of Omegas in heat, the bitterness of terror and sorrow laced within it. He couldn’t deny what it did to him, what it made him feel, but he would never hurt a family under his care. He would never do anything to any Omega in the dark what they wouldn’t ask for in the light.
Dean smiled wryly. “Believe what you will. But please eat. This was made for you.”
“I’m turning your life on its ear, aren’t I?” Cas teases.
Dean groaned. He ached all over, hurt from all the things done to him. He lifted his head, looking around, vision still a bit fuzzy, but, right now, he was more lucid than he’d been in months.
Castiel whimpered at the loss.
But, gods help him, he did.
The Omega keened as Cas finally started to play with his now free dick, only touching him lightly, tantalizingly.
“Dean, don’t mock me.”
“Touch me,” he manages, not a command but a plea pulled up from his soul.
It was time to leave.
Dean built himself up, drawing up what weakness he had left to call strength, and he pushed. Pushed as hard as he could possibly manage.
“Yes.”
“No!” he said, unaware of how forceful his voice had sounded. It even made Castiel lift up his head from the table. “Uh, I mean, no. I’ll do it, might as well get it done. I’m your spouse, it’s my job to take care of you.”
Castiel tried to muster a shaky smile, before glancing back at the ground. “When we first met, you asked me whether I was good or evil. And my answer is still the same. I am myself, and that will never change,” he said, drawing more lines with his feet.
Dean shakes his head. “I don’t want to put you in the position of having to lie for me, Sam.”
Dean had kindled it that afternoon as the last step of preparation before night fell. Before that, he had killed and skinned a stag, whose flesh was even now cooking above the flame’s wild licks. About the perimeter of the fire was a wide, crude circle of upturned dirt. A week or so earlier, Dean had purchased a bag of enchanted dust that would protect him from fell creatures. Due to the slight wind, however, he had to dig a sort of moat and pour the dust inside it, burying it beneath the dirt and snow. After all, the fire was sure to attract unwanted beasts, but he had now defended it. Defended the Omega. Like an Alpha should.
Castiel nodded.
Cas kisses him then, morning breath be damned. “Eventually. Although, I think you should probably fuck me first. Today, I just want to show you how your body can loosen up to take my cock.”
Dean’s guileless gaze locks on Castiel’s and neither of them have the strength to break that magnetic pull.
He’d been able to save some Omegas, and some had been able to hide, but they were so few. So few.
“Pfft.”
Meeting his eye, Cas sees that tears are overflowing his lovely eyes and spilling over the edges.
“It’s just,” Castiel continued, “you, Dean, you’re the only person that - that sees me for who I am instead of what I am. And I don’t want that to go away. I-” he said, voice catching in his throat. “I don’t want to lose you, Dean.”
*****
And he pushed. He pushed as hard as he goddamn could, tears rolling down his cheeks, jaw gritting so hard it hurt.
Dean smiles. “That is very noble, Cas.”
Castiel’s hands roamed over his shoulder and stump, making small, gentle whimpers. “Dean, what happened to you?”
Castiel knit his brow in confusion. “Free me?”
No one was there. But he could smell it - Castiel’s scent. Faded and old.
What was he going to find up there, in that room? What had they done to him?
“No!” he said, shaking his head. “Not that. I mean me. I can’t give you pups, and when we try I end up…” he said, grasping his belly, “with
Dean touches him, gliding a single fingertip up the length of his shaft, smiling when it leaps at the attention. “What do you like?”
Also, because of the difficulty in collecting and making all these ingredients, she only has a few of these arrows. She’s used them more than once - she takes them out and cleans them after using them. Saves her some effort.
“Sure thing, Cas,” Dean said with a tired smirk as he shut the door to finish dressing.
Sometimes, in the depth of night, he would hold the furs of his bed close and allow himself to believe he was holding his love. His precious little love. Imagined his smell, his smile, his eyes, his voice, his bright soul.
The wolf looked over at his left arm, nearly fully healed, glowing bright white and surrounded with a pure blue magic that lit the night, burning into him. He felt like his arm was on fire.
“Oh, Cas,” he said, speechless at the sight of Castiel’s naked body.
“What? You’re working. You can’t leave yet.”
At last, though, he fell to his side, holding the cloak close.
“Not likely.”
He opened it.
Before Dean’s beautiful face can fall into disappointment, Cas assures him, “I’ll be back as soon as I can. Will you stay?”
His head snapped up to look at the source of the voice and froze, but didn’t say anything. He just stared. For a very long time. He shut his eyes, then opened them again. His hand slowly wandered from the hands holding them to touch the stubble growing along that jaw.
Dean pinks up all the way down to his chest, making Cas smile as he continues picking up clothes.
He clenched his eyes tightly together, holding his dead mate close. Close for maybe the last time.
“Hey, easy there, Lone Wolf,” the pack druid said, tending to what must be the bandages around his throat. “It took a lot of spellwork and luck to keep you alive; don’t ruin it now.”
It was heaven, to please him, to feel him. He wanted to make his love cry out, come on himself again, bring him every pleasure in the world. Wanted to hear these cries every night.
Seeing Dean scrutinize them, Cas explains, “This was a road, which is how people traveled. Those bumps are vehicles called cars.”
They shivered in each other’s embrace for a moment before the sound of angered yelling came from somewhere behind them. Somewhere nearby.
The splash of water came from his right, motivating him to change to his human form and don a crudely made furskin jacket, cloak, and pants from the pack he always carried with him. This done, he quickly clasped his bow and arrow, readying it in his hands. Whatever creature lay at the source of that sound, there was little chance of it bearing good will. Not on a Black Moon.
At last, she broke off the arrow, leaving the poisoned tip inside the beast’s black heart.
There will be no romance in Dean’s future. No love. His marriage will be just a business arrangement to make his sponsors a hefty sum of money and power.
Slowly, torturously slowly, Cas unbuttoned his mate’s jeans.
When they are far enough away that no one could possibly hear them, Cas explains, “You looked like you needed a break, so I took a chance that Naomi didn’t pay attention to your schedule beyond this event.”
“I know. But I can’t help feeling it. I’ve lost them, and now they’re gone forever.”
“Isn’t that what we’re doing?” He props himself up on his elbows to look down at Cas.
“No, please, Dean,” Castiel whimpered. “Please don’t be afraid. I’m sorry, I should have told you sooner, I’m - I’m so sorry,” he said, nuzzling into him closer. “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
Dean couldn’t help but moan. “Cas…” he said, brokenly, resting his head on his love’s shoulder.
“Fine!” Megara said, taking off in the direction of the river with her two compatriots, who seemed to disappear in a cloud of crows.
Dean yelped at the intense pain, feeling the blood pour from the tightening bite. The world started to go black; it became hard to breathe.
“Honestly, it’s a miracle she made it to adulthood,” Dean comments.
“Pamelia…” he breathed, going pale.
[[Oh,]] Dean said, tail drooping.
“It’s Cole, right? It has to be Cole. He’s the only one who would have any reason to hurt you.” Sam is jabbering, trying to catch Dean up in one massive breath that won’t let him get a word in.
Immediately, he turned to face the little Omega kneeling in front of him.
“Please…” Dean breathed.
“Don’t do this. Please.”
The days always passed so slowly. The wolf had never felt anything like this, this desire to always be around someone else, to never be apart. But being away from Castiel was torture. It was agony every single month, every single dawn.
Castiel burned.
Sighing out a breath of relief, Dean prays. “Oh, thank you.”
“Oh,” the woman said, “because that would be his only chance.”
Possessive.
At last, though, Dean bottomed out, cock finally fully sheathed deep inside him. The Omega gasped for air, whimpering at the feeling of being so
Cas cut a line slowly up the man’s arm.
“Evidently. I had a perfect view of the crowd and I had no idea anything was wrong.” Dean doesn’t like the squirrelly reactions of both of his handlers. Crossing his arms over his chest is difficult with the elaborate costume he’s in, but he manages it. “What happened?”
Dean glares at his brother through his many layers of embarrassment. It would figure that the one time- the one and only time that Dean breaks the stringent rules, Sam is there to catch him.
“Yes, but I have an emergency, and I could really use your help.”
“Look at them, Cas,” he said, reaching for them and drawing them into his arms, leaning back so they could lay on him. He smiled up at his mate. “They’re so strong, Cas,” he said. Inias had taken such good care of them, despite how premature they were.
“Well, I’ll see what I can do,” Dean said with a smile.
He’s about ready to balk. Nicknames are considered over-friendly and suggestive. Instead, Dean forces a tight grin. “Sure, Cas.”
“Very well, then! You got any preference at all?”
“You’re not fat,” Cas said, lovingly rubbing his Omega’s baby bump. Eight months along, and already so big.
The Angel gasped as he opened his eyes to see what the matter was, only to feel almost immediately dizzy. Everything looked off, all the depth was wrong, it was as if everything was both closer and farther at the same time, as if he was seeing double vision, except there was still only one. The fires in the fireplace… they didn’t look
“Alastair. They call him The Demon. A boy here, used to belong to him, but a client dumped acid on him, so he was resold here. Didn’t last long here, though. Most of Alastair’s don’t. The Demon works them hard.”
“Hold on, Castiel!” he cried out, picking his love up, still wrapped in his cloak, shaking pitifully.
His spouse clung to him, tightly. “Help me, something’s wrong.”
“Well, he’s like a wolf, in that he has a wolf form, but he’s locked into it except on the night of a Black Moon.”
Dean cast a glance at Castiel’s tail. “Yes, there is.”
So he was one of the few archers. And they needed them - a full-on confrontation with a rival pack was brewing. The strange pack wanted their land, as it was rich with fruits, and now they were growing more and more aggressive.
Sam scowls at him, grumbling about his brother and his live-in boyfriend, but still, he leaps up the stairs three at a time. When he flops down on one of the deep, plush couches, Dean and Cas share a quick glance. Outwardly, Sam carries himself like the world is one big party, so when he is quiet and contemplative, he has something important on his mind. Cas nods toward the door of the room and winks at Dean before leaving. He and Sam are friends, and the younger man would most likely speak his mind with him there. Some things just call for family, though.
At times, Dean would shift in his arms, stiffen, or whimper - but his eyes never opened. Cas spoke to him so soothingly, trying to calm him, help him.
Cas jumps up, swinging the window wide that overlooks the other floors below. “We are both clothed and not being inappropriate in any way.  I promise.”
Someone was hurting his wolf. Hurting his Dean.
“Shhhh. It’s alright, Dean. You’re alive. That’s all that matters,” he said, drawing his beloved in for a deep kiss. A kiss he thought he’d never taste again.
At last, the Omega shut them, breathing softly. “I love you.”
“Land kelp?”
Jules is leaning in to air-kiss his cheek, and Dean stifles the urge to shove him away. “You’re looking lovely as always, Jules.”
Oh, god, could they even do that? People would see them! What were they even doing, here, in this water?
Dean blinked a couple times before staring at the ceiling.
Is it worth it?
"Nope!"
Whatever they were, it didn’t matter. They meant something was wrong. Something was very wrong.
“Come on, move!” Rowena shouted as the deep rumbling grew ever more loud, and tall figures rustled in the surrounding forest.
And next month would be even longer.
Dean? Dean’s here? Cas darts through his own section of tables dropping off the drinks and taking orders with great haste before ducking into the bathroom to look at the disaster he has become during the night. Holy shit.
For a moment, Dean froze.
“You’re free now! I’ve broken the spell. You don’t have to want to fuck a dark god anymore.”
It was the time of year that Angels molt, and this being his first in Naga territory, it was
“Cas,
“No, you weren’t heavy.”
Fortunately, he had been able to persuade the pack to loan him a couple hares and some fruit for him to eat while he traveled. It’s not like he could catch anything for himself anymore.
“No, please!” he heard his wolf cry out.
“No, it’s not a dream, Dean,” Cas said, tears streaming down his face. “Dammit, Dean, I’m here. It’s me.”
“Dean?” a voice called out.
Dean's view of missing an arm is not one I share, this is just
“Oh, Dean.” Sam’s heart breaks for his brother. He can’t imagine such a touch-starved, affectionless life.
Dean nods, and Cas gets to work. Throwing the peridot shirt over his arm, he waits directly behind Dean as he pulls his own soft shirt over his head. It ruffles his hair, which makes Cas smile. His fingers itch to run through the unruly strands.
Castiel could not.
No, not really, not literally. Couldn’t be.
Before he could continue, Cas whispered in his ear, “not in the ass, at least.”
“Okay, you little anarchist,” Cas laughs. “ Now that I know who you are, we need to be very careful. We both know that you aren’t supposed to be alone with anyone unchaperoned, so if anyone finds us together, we’re both in trouble.”
Dean gently rested him back into bed, adjusting his wings so that he’d be comfortable, and pulling the blanket up over him.
“I… I suppose I merely want to keep you safe.”
But he hadn’t yet. The sun had fully set an hour or so ago, leaving him alone in the dark, windy, snowy night.
Last week, Dean was learning to perfect his fighting skills for his next movie. At least, that’s what they told his manager. In reality, he and Cas spent every afternoon holed up in his treasure room. Cas would tell Dean stories about what life was like before the various countries came together to live under the dome. They started as far back as the great Renaissance, for Cas said that the ancients were an entire lifetime of learning in and of itself, and most of it was inaccessible here in Kanpeki Basho.
“You won’t,” comes the sweet rebuttal. “I’ll guide you.”
Despite having no strength left, Castiel pulled himself sobbing to his knees, gathering his brother back onto his shoulders and kept going.
“Meg.”
So, before the end, he was determined to free him. To do this one last good thing.
“You can talk with me openly, Dean. I hope I’ve proven that I can be trusted with your confidence.”
Sam’s eyes go wide. “Shit. You’re right. He hardly ever goes without full sleeves, but as a kid, he always had them.”
As soon as he exits the elevator, he sees a masculine-framed blonde woman backing out of one of the rooms carrying a thin but unwieldy package. Her outfit is short, tight, and giving Dean all kinds of ideas that he immediately evicts from his mind. None of them are approaching morally appropriate. In a misguided attempt at making it up to her, he calls out, “Let me help you with your burden.”
The figure smiled widely. “I am myself.”
him so much.
“N-No,” he said, breathing shallowly as Dean coaxed him open.
“As am I,” Castiel said with a toothy grin. “And I am not frightened of you.”
Despite their dirt and obvious weariness, they were beautiful Omegas, perfect and fertile and soft, with eyes as blue as the sky in spring. How could anyone want to hurt them? He knew by their prayer, by their hearts, that they were good and kind.
“Outside?!”
Cas holds the candle up for Dean to make his way around the fluffy mattress before he sets it down on a table and opens a chest at the end of the bed. “I have to keep everything tucked away so it doesn’t get dusty.”
Castiel started drawing patterns in the dirt floor with his feet. “I can’t tell you. Just trust me, Dean.”
Sam furrows his brow. Dean is never this easygoing when it comes to the laws of their caste. Taking his plate back over to the table, Sam scrutinizes him as he takes a massive bite.
Cas looks down at his lap. “You’re right. It was quite reckless.”
Then he turned the corner.
But Cas so gently held him still, heart aching at the sight of him. Without thinking, he climbed in the cot with him, lying down beside him and holding him against his chest. “Dean, it’s me. I’m here. I’m here. Shhhhh. I’m here.”
“Cas!” he shouted.
“I spend so much of my time as a wolf, I’d rather not,” Castiel said, thoughtfully.
“Any time you want, Dean.”
Fortunately, the blessing went off without a hitch, she had all the necessary ingredients, though the whole ceremony lasted almost an hour. As they returned to the hut and placed her payment in her designated spot, she grabbed a few items and started mixing something. After apparently finishing, she took Cas to the side, an odd warmth washing over her. “It’s hard for winged things in this jungle isn’t it.”
Dean gasped as he came back to his senses, mere seconds later.
Castiel held the bearskin cloak close. Not because he was cold, but because there was still the faint trace of his wolf’s scent still in it.
Dean had never put out a fire so quickly in his life.
Dean straightened and looked at him, eyebrow cocked. A slow smile spread across his face.
“Yes, of course.”
“Dean…” Castiel’s eyes burned with an unfamiliar pain and his chest ached. Ached even more than it had every dawn before. “You don’t understand.”
His place on the team has allowed him to meet people from all over the country and in all castes. He’s been exposed to ideas that others might consider subversive, but he is cautious about what he says and does. There’s something more that his family and their sponsors hope to gain from Dean, he’s sure of it. He just hasn’t figured it out yet.
Despite the cold, his brother was sweating, trembling with heat and need, pale with terror. He clasped his little crucifix as tears wet his eyes. “I can’t go on, Castiel. Oh, Cas, they’re going to take me…” he whimpered.
__________________________
“Hungry?” Castiel said, tilting his head. “Yes, I believe so.”
Dean pulled the pack from his back and set it in front of him, digging through its contents before finally espying a pouch full of freshly picked berries. “Here,” he said, pouring the berries into his hands and extending them towards the Omega.
“Oh, Dean, I didn’t lie to you. I
Alastair was tied to the ceiling of the armored eighteen-wheeler, strung up by his hands. He was bloody. There was a smile on his face.
“I had to be sure,” Dean said, reaching for the meat skewered by the spit. It felt nice and hot. He immediately offered the food to Castiel.
“No, no, I’m fine.”
It meant Castiel thought he’d left him. It meant Castiel was going to freeze.
Cas’s brows raise at the curt tone, but he doesn’t respond at first. Dean often retreats into this false, yet safe, persona when he feels challenged or unsure. Cas has learned that he just needs to let it pass. Except, that doesn’t get them anywhere. If Cas retreats every time that Dean does, they will never get closer. That isn’t what Cas wants, and he is certain that Dean doesn’t either.
Dean smiled, reaching down to grab Castiel’s limp little body, lifting it to lean against him before laying them both down on their sides on the soft bed, wrapping them both in the furs. He took special care to make sure the Omega was comfortable, that he wasn’t crushing him. Throughout all this, Castiel kept his eyes shut, leaning against him, trusting him completely.
Dean scowls at the design, but he isn’t going to refuse. He knows better than to be the wave that rocks the boat. Honestly, once he got over the initial shock, he thinks it’s striking. The red, black, and gold work together to create a rich, dark palette. The black hands are incredibly creepy, but the hair is the star of the design. The long extensions they are tying into his hair will be twisted and molded to form large horns.
“Why?” Dean asked, heartbroken.
There was quiet for a very long time. Dean didn’t even breathe.
“You… You offer me your food?”
, in these lands, where you belong. You do not have to wait for me.”
Castiel took a gulp from the spoon, enjoying now it felt against his throat, and how filling and warm it was. It was good.
Too close.
“I know this is a lot, but we can’t discuss it now. I promise that I’ll tell you everything when we’re on the other side of this dome.”
Dean looked up at him, shocked and hurt.
After weeks of on the job training with a horrendously steep learning curve, Cas is finally feeling steady-footed and sure of himself in this new position. Dean frequently reminds him that he hired him to be a companion and the valet duties are just for show, but Cas won’t hear of doing anything halfway. He prides himself on doing his job well.
“But I have a new friend, and he hugged me when I needed it. Now, it’s all I can think about.”
[[So soon?]]
Dean could have the entire world bow down to him eagerly with just one of those smiles. Instead of handing Dean that particular weapon, he explains himself.
That was the statement Dean kept hearing when he returned. That is, except when one of the wolves got a glimpse of the blue handprint. Then they just said nothing at all.
________________________
Eager to get back to reading his latest find from the VR library, he scrounges up a protein bar and sets a pot of water to boil on his single burner stove. He has to go back to his wretched service job in the morning, so he’s going to stay up as late as he can manage and enjoy his book.
“Dean,” the Alpha said, sitting up to embrace his beloved mate, whose grace he could no longer hear, whose bright soul he could no longer see.
It was early autumn, and the trees were alive with color, but everything felt so lifeless and grey. Normally, in a couple days, he’d be getting ready to take the trek to the lake. But what was the purpose now? Castiel probably didn’t want to see or deal with him anymore. And it’s not like it would change anything. Castiel still wouldn’t - couldn’t - stay.
*****
“No, it’s fine. I’d rather respond immediately. It looks better if I don’t take care of my own comfort first.”
Castiel sighed and took it from him, taking a small sip. It was very bitter, but he downed it all.
As soon as he says the words, his Dean is gone. He stands with perfect posture, a statue of beauty with his personality hidden - buried- behind this indifferent mask that Cas hates.
Castiel let out a little surprised yelp at the pain of it, then a soft moan at the pleasure that coursed through him.
“I- I don’t know. This… this one’s different.”
They spend the evening talking with the monks, listening to fascinating stories and legends passed to them from ages gone by. Cas is a man starved, working to garner every bit of knowledge from the men as he can. It charms Dean that he is so focused on saving every piece of culture that he can.
“#316 looks good,” he said. He was surprised and disgusted at how cold and collected his voice was.
And, for the first time in centuries, he had someone to love. To care for.
“Yes. A perfectly at-ease Omega alone on a Black Moon? For all I know you’re a skinchanger, a warlock or demon, or some siren formed to delight my fantasies to lure me in and slay me.”
Wistfully, Dean watches them laugh and joke with each other. He’d been on film sets for most of his life, so he’d never gone to a regular school like Samuel had. He imagines that having a group of friends like that would be wonderful. Dean is smiling beatifically, when one of the young men catches his eye. Instead of looking away again, his eyes widen and then his held tilts to the side as he squints. Dean looks quickly away, hoping that he hasn’t been recognized. He’s seen a similar look before when people come across him in person. They say he looks so different that they almost don’t recognize him, that they might have missed the opportunity to take pictures with him because they just weren’t sure.
He could feel it. The power radiating from it, coursing through him, up his spine, in his heart. It felt like thunder, like lightning, constantly filling him, striking him.
“No one said it was a rebellion.”
He looked over, sighting a strange wolf that immediately caught sight of him and rushed towards him, large blade drawn.
“Yes. It’s been dipped in something to help stave off infection from the water.”
Oh, god, there was some flint here. He could cry.
Before he knew what he was doing, Dean embraced and lifted the Omega off his feet, spinning him around, the Alpha’s laughter sounding over the winds around them. At last, though, he set the Omega down, but still held him close.
But right now, Cas had to pass as a buyer.
“Just give me a minute,” Dean said, voice straining from pain, breath picking up.
Namae nashi “Untouchables” / Unnamed
“You’re Yumeijin,” he guesses quietly. Dean swallows, making his Adam's apple bob. With a jerky nod, he confirms that Cas is in a great deal more trouble than he suspected. The laws that protect those of Dean’s caste are harsh. Cas could be killed for simply being in a room alone with Dean.
Cas nods and explains, “Kelp has those large air bubbles built into the leaves so that the entire structure floats in water. This new plant has larger ones and it can also float in the air. The air flow is key. The leaves pull toxins out of the air and release oxygen.”
He loved Castiel. Loved him more with each passing month. He wanted to mate him, to hold him and not have to let go, to be always by his side. The wolf knew Castiel might not want such a thing, and that was alright. As long as they could be together, packmates, life would be wonderful
“Better?” he asks cautiously.
It was a fairly long list, with some details of how to find this root or that creature penned in on the sides. Dean watched her like a hawk, but she wrote down the list nearly verbatim from the book. This was legitimate. This was it.
There he was, pinned to the bottom of the river by his beautiful wings.
He studied the blueprints of this building on the way here, so he has an idea of where to go to find the sauna. He must use the utmost stealth in getting there, though. He didn’t have enough time to map out security cameras and guards, and he certainly doesn’t know anything about egress points. These are all details that he typically researches days before he even starts planning a ‘liberation’. This lack of preparation started as a frustration to him, but it’s built moment by moment, and now that he’s in the right hallway, it’s quite alarming.
“Don’t worry, my beloved,” he whispered. “No matter what it takes. I
“Do you want me to kiss you again, sweetheart?”
Snapping out of the lust fog, Cas blinks at his friends. “What?”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said.
Cas sits on the other end and turns to face Dean. “I know this place is far below your typical standards, but it’s clean.”
“But you’re not completely sure?”
“So fish can taste like this, too!?” he said, eyes wide.
But that was never to be.
Cas unwinds them as he continues to clean off his face and hands. Dean finds that he likes sitting quietly with Cas, both concentrating on their own tasks.
“Egregious, huh? Don’t hurt yourself breaking out the college words, professor.”
“Hang on, sweetheart. This is just the beginning.”
“Bastards!” he shouted. “Let him go! Whoever you are that’s got him chained up you let him go or I’ll kill you!” he said before screaming out in agony, falling to his knees as he nuzzled the bearskin cloak.
He clenched his fists so hard they drew blood.
“Won’t someone question where we are?”
” he shouted, tears falling from his face.
He was so cold.
Something was wrong.
But that made no sense. An Omega out here alone? He must have been abandoned.
He blinked up to meet a face, handsome and freckled, with pagan markings across the bridge of his nose and black eyes that glowed summer green.
Oh yes, Dean loved getting and making Castiel gifts. But this night, this night he had something very special for him. He had to wait, though. He wanted to give it to Castiel near the end of the night.
“Trust you?”
“Then why don’t you let me go?”
“That’s what I’m loading up for. I need the fuel.”
Snorting his amusement, Cas asks, “She believed that?”
Castiel gasped, stopping in his tracks, legs trembling as a burning need shot through his body.
” he cried out, voice shaking.
“No, sir.” Cas can’t tell him that he has a guest here. As far as Uriel is concerned, they aren’t human when they are on the clock.
“I can’t explain, Dean. I just need you to trust me,” he said, kneeling in front of the wolf and slowing his own breathing. “And, whatever happens, don’t let me stop.”
“Dean?” Cas said, falling to his knees at his side grabbing his head to lift and face him.
It didn’t
Dean rolls his eyes. He doesn’t mind gender fluid clothing. To be honest, skirts are a lot less restrictive than pants, and he wishes that they’d become more common fashion rather than only for the fashion-forward.
*****
“Uh uh!” she said, motioning downwards. “None of this lording over shit.”
This was it. This was everything he’d feared.
“Bullshit.”
Dean has been introduced to several sexual activities by now, but Cas hasn’t broached the subject of penetrative sex with him yet. He grins as he licks up the side of his cock. This might be the perfect time.
Class: Broken
He’d waited all month for this night. And yet he’d been dreading it.
“Please come back to me, Dean. Please,” Cas prayed.
And it was. On the necklace hung a bone amulet, smoothed down to a polish and meticulously carved with a line of small runes around the top. It was even inlayed with a small, vivid green jewel. Other than that, however, the piece was fairly simple.
He has learned to accept it graciously when someone shows deference to him. His manager, Fergus Crowley, says it means he is acting according to his caste, and it is a compliment of the highest order. His publicist, Naomi Adler, says that if he wants the most coveted roles, the most luxurious brands to represent, and the best songwriters, he must strictly adhere to the standards of his caste. He must be above reproach at all times because competition at this elite level is ruthless.
“We’ll skin you alive and wear you.”
Castiel fell silent, rendered speechless. He’d never experienced such an act of selflessness before. “…Thank you, Dean,” he at last said. Once more, he clothed himself in the large bearskin cloak, so long on him that it dragged against the snow, before directing his eyes to the telltale rays of the rising sun. Before he could turn away, however, Dean clasped his narrow wrist, drawing the Omega’s gaze to him.
Dean covers one of Cas’s hands with his own and guides it down over his pectoral muscles, over one of his aching nipples, down over the bumps of his abdominals, down to the curls between his legs. Every inch he descends sets his blood pumping faster through his body. He’s panting to keep up with his galloping pulse.
“Yeah,” he sighs. “I know.”
“Um,” Dean said, biting his lips as he carded through the feathers a little more forcefully in his search for-
It’d been so long.
“So you’ve joined a rebellion? Against what?”
Leaving him, and filling the Omega.
“Hey, your business is with me!” Dean butted in.
But, oh, god, even out of the water it was so cold, so very cold.
“I’m nervous because I want you to have a good first experience with anal sex.”
“Isn’t that painful?”
“Dean, Dean,” Cas said, grabbing the stray hand and lifting it to his mouth to kiss it gently. “No, no. It’s just me. I’ve got you, Dean. I’ve got you. I love you,” he said, stroking the hand and his mate’s head tenderly, soothingly.
The desperation in his eyes is enough for Dean to move to the dressing room door and wave his ID bracelet. When the lock clicks, Cas bolts inside, Dean following at a more sedate pace.
“Hail, Omega! I mean you no harm!” he shouted as he ran towards the figure.
He ran inside, hoping that perhaps Castiel was just sleeping.
“You were breathtaking, Dean. This was your best performance yet.” Naomi gushes with hands clasped tightly in front of her.
“She was killed.”
He felt sick. Felt sick that this was happening, that someone was doing this. That part of his heat-addled mind almost wanted it.
No, no.
There’s a bath. Dean hasn’t woken up. Cas held him, cradling him in his arms, carefully washing him off with a soft washcloth. The Omega was covered in dried blood, semen, slick, and god knows what else, and his hair was caked with dirt. Slowly, Cas cleaned him off, tears falling down his face. He’s so bruised, covered in bite marks, especially along his little cock. They must have loved his little cock.
“It’s alright, Dean. You have lost much in your life. There’s no shame in mourning.”
“Need… to make fire,” Castiel managed to say between violent shivers. He crawled towards the middle pit, searching for something - anything - to burn.
“We’ll eat your eyes,” they whispered at him.
It was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen.
Dean smiled. “No, no, my love. Your cock’s perfect,” he said, planting a kiss on its head, making the Omega gasp.
“Tell me your limit tonight, and I won’t push further.” His eyes capture Dean’s reflection over his shoulder. The gorgeous blue has blown out to fathomless black. Dean shivers at the sight, his nipples tightening and sending an answering pull in his groin. He’s been hard a thousand times, but it’s never happened so fast that it made him dizzy.
“Castiel!” Dean shouted trying to hold him up, even as he appeared to have no strength left, eyes rolling back into his head before shutting completely.
“I…” he tried to whisper, though it was caught in the sickening gurgle of his own blood. “I…” he murmured as he lost balance, falling to his side in the shallow water, struggling to breathe as his his blood stained the lake red.
awful.
When Dean entered, he found Castiel slouched over the dining table, looking absolutely miserable, poor thing. Dean immediately slithered behind him, asking, “I have to be behind you, right?”
“No!” he shouted, eyes wet as he looked up at his wolf’s stump. The stump that was going to cut his wolf’s life short.
When he finishes the slightly bitter drink, the empty glass is whisked away to who knows where. The doors are opened ahead of him, so he doesn’t break his stride once along the winding path back to his dressing room. Crowley is already there with Naomi. They greet him like a conquering hero rather than a singer, but he isn’t going to question it. He loves this part of his career so much more than the rest. There is an honesty to being a musician that he loves, especially now that they trust him enough to pick his own songs.
He was frozen for a moment as Dean held a spoon up to his lips.
“Only in the places you frequent. Quite a lot of the population is impoverished.”
“Speak of the devil, and he appears!” Dean cringes when he hears the overly dramatic voice of the other member of the Dean Winchester fan club. Jules. Everything about the man is grating; his need to be the center of every conversation, his tittering laugh at his own horrible jokes, and his vicious cattiness all combine to make Dean want to find the nearest exit.
Castiel immediately began doing the same, realizing how unprofessional he looked, how much of a mess he was, and -
“That’s it, sweetheart. I want you to feel so good.”
In the many, many years that followed, the Golden Wolf became the patron of hunters and travelers, whose stars guided them even in the darkest nights. In time, some told stories of the Lightbringer, the Moon’s consort, telling tales of his bravery, his loyalty, and his love.
And now, with so much sadness salting the earth, it was as if his lands themselves were tainted. As if
He was shivering.
“See?” Megara said, grinning. “I’ll just reuse the arrows not in its heart.”
Castiel’s eyes suddenly widened to the size of plates. “Two…”
Dean took a deep gasp of breath as his eyes snapped open, the first breath he’d taken in so many years. For the first time in so long, a fire kindled in his heart, warming his cold body. He let out this new breath, blowing away the dead leaves that had taken rest on his visage.
“Hey, lay down!” Dean said, gently pushing his shoulders back down so that his head was back on the pillow. “You lost a lot of blood. You’re going to need to rest,” he said, grabbing another, larger bowl.
“Thank you, sir. Enjoy your evening.”
“No, Cas. Well, yes, but as a job title only.”
And, now, for loving him, Dean was going to be tortured for months, years by these fell beasts. Just for their amusement.
“Come in, I didn’t lock it.”
Castiel leaned back, sadness in his eyes. “That is terrible. I am truly sorry.”
Cas sighs but nods his acceptance. Uriel is not known for his empathy, and he’s never seen him go back on a decision he’s made. It’s over. “Okay. I need to collect my tips from the cashier first.”
It takes Sam a minute to figure out what conclusion Dean jumped to, but he clarifies himself almost immediately. “No. Of course not, Dean. That’s not where this conversation is going.”
“I’m not. Look at me and my situation. Do you think I don’t see all the problems with our country? I can’t be involved with anyone; definitely not someone I chose from another caste, and especially not a man.”
“Yes, of course,” he scoffs, breath light and playful.
Sliding his VR goggles on, he takes note of the power level with a frown before he opens his book. His goggles are the only luxury he allows himself. Energy packets are expensive, but he can’t live without them. Goggles require precious energy, so he must keep working to be able to afford them. As he sinks into the biography of the artist, John William Waterhouse, he smiles. To him, the sacrifice is totally worth it.
They’d started meeting at sunset, so Castiel should be here.
Poor, precious things, so tired, so worn, so pale, so hungry.
But he couldn’t stop the tears falling unbidden from his face as he trudged on, Jimmy kissing his crucifix and praying by his ear, praying that his scent wouldn’t grow so strong, that Castiel’s heat wouldn’t hit.
Finally, Dean dared to look towards where the brightness had once emanated, only to once again see the small, graceful form of Castiel, reaching for the amulet and his bearskin cloak, its matted blood falling away to pristine newness, before donning them both.
“Well,” Dean said with a wry laugh, “whoever made the curse must have utterly despised you.”
“What?” Castiel asked, squinting and cocking his head to the side.
Filing in slowly, several people crowd in close to Dean. He recognizes most of them, as they are his staff either in the house, or for his many businesses. He is sure that Naomi sounded the alarm and required them all to be here for questioning and debriefing. He wishes that they would all go home now. This is difficult enough to deal with among those closest to him.
“My family?” Dean said, cocking an eyebrow at the Omega sitting across from him, face lit by a flickering torch on the wall.
He’d been hit with thousands of arrows before. Some stuck in him, some bounced off. But they were nothing to him. They’d always been nothing to him. He’d pull them out, burn them to ash in his hands. They were less than a breath of wind.
He didn’t remember falling to the ground in a mess of slick, sweat, and blood as his assailant left. All he knew was that he needed to get home. He feebly pulled his pants up and grabbed the eggs before stumbling back to his house, shaking uncontrollably.
“Don’t be so hasty, dark gods never die easily,” Rowena said, striding closer to the tiny, gasping figure, whose blood had already thickened and reddened the water around it.
“Mr. Winchester, if you move your eyes again, I am going to intentionally glue this emerald onto your eyeball instead of near it,” Jo hisses under her breath.
“My apologies, Joanna.”
By the looks of the vegetation around them, they seem to be in a dense forest. He recognizes the tall pine trees from Cas’s books, but there are so many varied types. Every single one is unique. The dome and its brilliant and constant light prevent them from seeing anything except the silhouetted forms of the plants.
“Cas, no!” he screamed, just before another bone was snapped. “Cas,
She stood before him. Dean didn’t deign to look up to meet her gaze, but the action was fruitless, as she lowered her hand, her long, graceful fingers hooking under his jaw and lifting his defiant eyes to meet hers.
For a moment, Dean was frozen in shock, looking down at his spouse.
“As long as I keep it clean on the floor, he shouldn’t care.”
There was no way he was going to last long.
“Cas!” he shouted, reaching to hold his love’s face with his remaining hand. He was so cold.
As Cas shakes out a large blanket and drapes it over the bed with Dean in it, Dean tells him, “You really know how to live out here. You’ve thought of everything.”
“Then why-”
“Yes. Please eat,” Dean said, beaming, heart soaring, chest aching with joy. Castiel was here. With him.
Dean started to blush, “Meg-”
A chill crept down his spine, and he didn’t know why.
But Castiel ignored him. He could only see his wolf, his precious Speckled Wolf, as it reached for him, somehow still thinking of Castiel even in such pain.
Dean pulled him close, enveloping Cas’s body with his own, keeping him warm and safe. “But you’re worth it, Cas. You’re worth the wait each time,” he said, running his hands up and down his beloved’s back. “Oh, Cas, I love you so much,” he breathed into his beloved’s hair. “I’ll do anything for you, Cas. Anything. I’ll live for you, I’ll kill for you, I’ll die for you. I’m yours,” he said, holding him tight. “Just tell me, please,” he begged. “Do you want to be free?”
Cas walks into the living room and flops down bonelessly on the couch. He hasn’t been back to his own home in weeks. They work late into the night most days, and it’s just easier to sleep in the luxury of Dean’s home. He must admit that he sleeps so much better here in the plush bedding and perfectly climate-controlled air. He’s becoming spoiled by the perks of stepping into Dean’s life.
It could be a bit easier, though. If he mated one of the pack Omegas, cherished them and loved them, the pack would be more open to him.
“Worthy?” Dean said, confused.
“Mr. Winchester. You are a vision of perfection, as always.”
The Omega started to tremble in pain and confusion.
The wolf was silent for a long time, lost in thought. “Have you,” he paused, “
“What?”
Cas is particularly fond of the Shogun era of Japan, and talked about a marvelous book he was reading about it. Dean had delighted in hearing him speak with such interest and passion. Cas is witty and a fantastic storyteller. Dean couldn’t help but show off some of the choreography he’d learned when he was in a movie about the era. He’d used the telescoping baton that was in his pocket as his sword, and he’d done a slow run through of the fight moves. Cas had looked so impressed that Dean had puffed up with pride.
“Have you ever seen me flirt with anyone else?”
After they make plans to meet again in a few days to make a trek out into the real world, Cas walks Dean to a nearby magnetic station so that he can get home.
“I thought you said-”
From that day on, the den was their new meeting place. Dean would arrive a day early to clean it up and get food cooking, heart fluttering at the idea of seeing his love once more.
“Will you bring me here again someday?” he asks before he steps through the final door bringing them back.
As he gazed, though, another wave of his heat struck.
When Castiel looked back at the hut one last time, Meg winked at him.
“It’s understandable to be nervous, Dean.” Of course Cas knows the right thing to say. He always does.
Fuck. It is Dean.
Dean couldn’t move. He could only lay there, nearly unconscious, as the wolf barreled at him. He felt so tired.
Dean looks up and grants him a blinding grin. “Cas! I was beginning to think you were avoiding me.”
Gone forever.
Dean’s hands release him and he stretches his arms up over his head when he laughs. Cas pushes both fingers deep, searching along the front wall of Dean’s channel. It’s deeper than he expects, but he finds it and rubs unerringly against it. Dean’s body locks up, his back bowing from the onslaught of sensation.
“Yes.”
, he couldn’t help it.
Cawing.
During Dean’s upcoming visit to see the Theravada Monks, they decided to take two detours. First, they would meet up with the leader of a similar rebellious enterprise to pass on information. After that, they would sneak away to Cas’s decontamination chamber and tour the outside world. Dean was vastly more interested in the final part of the trip than anything else. After all, how many people of his generation had been outside this enclosed space? He’d guess that it had to be a handful or less.
Sam barks a laugh at that. “I can’t have her on my list of potentials.”
“Not much. I think part of the curse is that he can’t say much about it.”
“I’ve heard of those. Ha, the fucker must’ve have
don’t have to do it!” she said, clapping her hand on his shoulder.
magic in you.”
It was the magic swirling around his left arm, slowly rebuilding it. Healing him.
“I’m going to help you, Castiel,” he said, fondly rubbing the Omega’s back.
“Ooohhh,” she said, a mischievous glint in her eye. “Taken a ride on Double Trouble yet?”
“Oh, so this wolf has heard of me?” he said, grinning.
"'Experience' it? Was getting me to... to fornicate with you such an experience?!"
Dean started to shake. Two powerful and dangerous druids were only meters away. Any second Rowena could flick her wrist and snap his neck so that they might feast on his heart for strength.
“I apologize, Dean. Our castes are quite dissimilar. I don’t often censor myself, but I will try for you.”
Dean finds himself in front of Cas’s restaurant the next evening. He needs a new valet, and after the fiasco with Cole, he needs someone he can trust. If Cas will vouch for someone, he’ll rest easier in giving them the job. He came here only because the man doesn’t carry a phone, which Dean wishes he could get away with. He’s doing one personal errand in a fourteen hour day filled with tasks he doesn’t want to do, and the infernal thing hasn’t stopped beeping with notifications.
“I’m so sorry, Cas”
The filthy witch.
Tenderly, he lay the two small Omegas together on the soft bed, covering them in the blankets.
Some part of him wanted to end it all. To stop being a burden on everyone else.
But they never stood a chance.
“Don’t say that, Dean, please…” Cas said between sobs. Dean hadn’t made a move at all, just let Cas do whatever he wanted with him, arms limp at his sides, staring straight ahead even as he was held against Cas’s chest.
“But I- I
The crusaders, invaders. Sure that their cause was right, sure that their cause was just. Their cause to erase this pagan religion from the earth, stomp it to dust, so that their own beliefs could spread instead.
. God, he felt like he could choke on it.
“Get your things and go.”
So why was he crying?
There was silence for a long while as Castiel tried to force himself to take another step, but he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
[[Me?]]
In the dressing room, Castiel is finishing up his disguise with a smudge of kohl under his lashes and a deep red color on his lips. He doesn’t look female, even with the short skirt, wig, and makeup; but he does look good. Cross-dressing is a specialty market for escorts, so he knows that his outfit will sell his story if he gets caught in the wrong place.
“And?”
“To put it eloquently,” Rowena said, rolling her eyes. “The god must want to birth a cambion. This does not bode well. Last time a cambion walked the earth, millions paid the price in blood.”
Strange how it was now. He’d slept by himself almost all his life. But the knowledge that he would now always be alone?
“Oh, Castiel,” he said, gently tracing his fingers over it. It meant Castiel wanted a part of Dean near him always, wanted his protection, his healing. “I’ll heal you, Castiel. I’ll protect you, I promise,” he whispered, looking at the dried blood around his love’s mouth and nose. Immediately, he set about gently cleaning it off, revealing his love’s pale, blue lips.
“Dean-”
“Alright, give me a second to get dressed and I’ll be right there.”
“What is?” Dean’s voice is rough and wrecked and it is music to Cas’s ears.
Stocks. Stocks were going well. The local football team had won something. There was a sale on oak furniture.
“Don’t listen to him,” Cas chuckles. “It’s sexy as hell.”
His hand snaked down to feel at Cas’s cock. “Knot.”
“No, no, you’re perfect. You’re so perfect,” he said, leaning down to lick him clean. “You’re so perfect,” he repeated, incredibly aroused by how sensitive his love was.
Cas blinks in astonishment and then leans in closer. “Oh, sweetheart. You don’t have a clue what flirting is, do you?”
“What’s this?” Castiel said, annoyed. He was bedridden. Fucking bedridden.
“What is it?” Megara asked.
“Well then where would he be sold?”
“Cas…!” he yelled out.
“I know. That’s why I wanted you to see it.”
But they couldn’t do much about it. Not right now.
In front of the door at last, Cas’s heart is beating against his ribs, aching at the idea of seeing Dean again. He’s just on the other side of this door, and Cas can’t wait another second. Making quick work of the lock, he enters a dark room.
“Congratulations, you were able to shoot through a creature’s heart at point-blank range,” Pamelia said, dryly.
“Fucking thing called for backup,” Megara said, grasping the next arrow tighter. “Fuck, it’s stuck,” she said, half-standing and bracing the creature with a boot while she pulled on the arrow.
“Then what did he ask in exchange for this?” she said, grabbing his arm. “Was it all our firstborn? The heads of seven Alphas? The hearts of newborn twins?”
While still in some shock, seeing his Omega like this only filled his heart with love. At last, he leaned down to give his beloved a kiss.
“No, no, no. That wasn’t our deal, Cas.”
“Noooo, don’t go there.”
With a slight nod, Dean allows him to keep prattling on about the effectiveness of the privacy screens, reassuring him that he will be completely covered at all times. He isn’t that concerned about it. He trusts his team to look out for his interests. Besides, he is about to wear a sheer costume that covers only the essential parts of his anatomy. This shoot is all about selling a fantasy to the masses. It isn’t really about him.
“Thank you. It was a very long time ago. I hardly remember her.”
Grinning widely, Dean blushes. Sam couldn’t be happier for his older brother. What he and Cas are sharing is something that Sam wants so badly that he can hardly think of anything else. He’s been sneaking around with the object of his affection, Eileen, for weeks now. Just like the situation with Dean and Cas, their relationship is taboo.
Then he felt it.
“Come on,” Cas said, choking on his throat, “your fledglings need you. They’re alive and well, Dean. Everything’s going to be okay. You need to come back. Please, I-” he broke off, words failing to fall from his lips as he stared at his mate.
“So it’s tied to the cycle of the moon?”
“Still,” he commanded. Instantly, Dean stopped moving, save for a few twitches, his breathing hitching in his throat. He keened pathetically.
“No, never,” Cas replies emphatically. “I just wasn’t prepared for you to offer me so much.”
“I’m sorry about that…before. I’m never touched, Cas. It just took me by surprise. I assure you, it was not personal.”
“But…”
I am. Not
“Fine!” Dean said, wincing in self-doubt as he dug his fingers into the wings.
The two of them froze. Their eyes met, and their hearts stopped beating. Their hands even began to shake, but no one spoke.
“No, I didn’t sell anything!”
“Well, then, feel free to keep your ingredients here, if you need a place to store them. I’ll put them in the lockbox with my enchanted arrows. No one can get in there unless I say the proper incantation.”
Dean laughed. “Fish can taste a lot of different ways, depending on how you cook it and what you add to it. Open up,” he said, giving another spoonful to Cas, who already looked so much better. He didn’t even have to hold the Omega’s head up this time.
And now that he noticed it, he couldn’t stop seeing them. They were everywhere, more and more as he continued. Perched on the trees, on the ground. And all silent.
It turned out drinking it before bed was a good idea, as it made him incredibly drowsy, so he fell asleep mere minutes after hitting the pillow.
Then, suddenly, Pamelia touched his forehead, and a horrible clawing numbness ripped through his mind, making him roll his eyes back into his head. It seemed to last for hours, like his mind was being shredded, torn apart, stripped away.
“No, no!” he said, holding his quivering brother close. “No, you’re going to make it. I promise you are.”
Unsettled, Dean picked up the pace as he approached the den, glad he’d made it before sunset. He haphazardly shifted back to a human form and clothed himself, setting about cleaning up the den.
Castiel nodded silently, body quivering in terror.
“He wasn’t summoned!” Cas’s irritation is reaching epic proportions. Just then, Dean’s id bracelet sounds an alarming number of notifications. He and Cas both look at it, and then catch each others’ eyes. Obviously, the signal for the country-wide communication system doesn’t reach outside the dome. How is it possible that the one time they decide to venture beyond the walls, is the one time they truly need to respond?
Castiel stood at the Doorway, waiting for the moment when the sun touched the earth, when the Door would open. Part of him couldn’t wait to see his wolf again. The other was terrified of what Dean might do once he knew.
“Oh,” The Beast said, running its long, inhuman mouth along Castiel’s flesh. “Oh, how I have longed for this. To see you like this. And your kind take so long to die, don’t they? Even when you’re filled with enough killing magic to fell ten gods, your body holds on long enough to make sure you’re overtaken by so much pain that your mind is ripped apart,” he said, licking Castiel’s cheek. “Oh, what a pleasure it is to watch.”
“We’ll take your flayed still-living body and pierce it on our horns so that your cries fortell our arrival,” one said, laughing impishly.
“And,” Dean swallows harshly. “You want to do that to me?”
Another person… touching Castiel’s wings? He didn’t know why, but for some reason, that made Dean feel so
“Well, that’s because I this time it’s a soup.”
Castiel usually takes time in between liberations to plan for the next one. He’s quite proud of that name for his thievery. That is the reason he takes these precious items, after all. He isn’t interested in the status that the objects and their rarity might bring. He’s not even interested in the money. He does it to preserve pieces of their history from the uncaring, uneducated hordes of Jinushi. It still baffles him that the highest caste of all can be some of the least knowledgeable. Even the lowest of them would have enough common sense not to keep a priceless painting in a sauna room.
“For me?” Castiel said.
For a moment, Cas was frozen, color draining from his face as he looked at his beloved Omega, crumpled on the floor in a shivering, catatonic, blood-soaked heap.
Cas drops his hand to let Dean rut against him while he slowly works through his orgasm. Flexing muscles are straining, pushing deeper against his body. He can easily picture Dean emptying himself deep inside of him instead of against his skin. The ghost of it is enough to make him ache.
“What?” Dean said, unable to think clearly with Castiel’s nimble hands brushing against his spine.
“You’re here. Are you okay? What happened?”
Starting to put together an idea, Cas decides to test his theory and keep flirting. “Don’t tease. You know exactly what ideas I would have.”
, rippling and squeezing him, heard him cry out, felt him come all over his hand.
Dean, however, hadn’t been able to sleep for one reason or another. He just felt weird that morning, he supposed. Either way, after sneaking out of bed to avoid waking his Alpha, he’d skipped downstairs. If he couldn’t sleep, he might as well do something useful - and that meant pancakes. Lots and lots of thick, golden pancakes. Pancakes with chocolate chips in them for himself, and then pancakes with blueberries for Cas. He even knew exactly how many to make for each of them.
“Leave?” Dean said, dismay in his voice, and feeling suddenly chilled by the loss of his warm companion.
“I’m so, so sorry, Sam,” his older brother whispers with a wobble to his voice that Sam knows will lead to tears if he doesn’t diffuse the situation. Tears and super stars lead to questions that neither of them want to deal with.
An Alpha.
“Dean, Dean, you aren’t broken,” Cas said, gently running his hand through his Omega’s hair and kissing his head. “These things happen.”
Reluctantly, he releases Dean’s erection so the man can crawl up on his massive bed. Turning to sit in the middle of the most luxurious silk Cas has ever touched, Dean reaches for him, touching his face with needful hands.
“Okay, baby. This is going to be intense, but it feels good.”
“It feels like one,” Cas agrees.
Sam grins. “Oh, they’ve been coddling Dean and treating him like a precious princess since before he could shave. They underestimate him entirely.”
The beet red Naga cleared his throat. “I brought some of our best weapons. I - we - would like to purchase a blessing so that they’ll be more effective against demons.”
Castiel sighs with relief when he leaves the borders of the gated community. Sabanto neighbors are far less likely to pay attention to what others are doing unless it affects them directly, so he is almost out of the proverbial woods. Finally, after miles of walking, he reaches his hiding place on the outskirts of this town.
“As long as you don’t try to rip it off or bite, I’m going to like whatever you do, I promise.”
“Oh, Dean.”
Part of him wanted to find Dean more than anything. The other part prayed he wasn’t here.
He walked forward along the ledge out towards the noise and the light of torches.
But there was only one Omega he ever wanted, ever dreamed of. There wasn’t a day that passed that he didn’t think of precious Castiel. He ached for him. One night a month was so little, he almost couldn’t bear it. Each separation was worse, like his heart was being slowly clawed from his chest.
“Good morning,” Dean croaks before clearing his throat.
That was when someone must have called out to his assailant, telling them to get a move on. Like that, the knot was viciously ripped out of him, long before it should have been, tearing his channel.
Dean took a deep breath. “I forgive you, dear Omega,” he said, baring his teeth and biting down on his beloved’s throat.
He was so used to his life being perfectly ordered and predictable. But this! Everything was new, unseen. For once, Castiel didn’t know what to expect at every turn.
“So submissive,” Cas praised him, kissing him gently. He lifted his come-soaked hand to his omega’s lips. “See how you taste.”
And he couldn’t fight his answer. His honest answer.
“Cas. Would I have died?”
A quick doodle of the den. <3
“This?”
Meanwhile, Dean was fighting the feeling of his pelvic scales softening, and what was within not-softening. It was getting difficult, as it seems the feathers under here almost seemed to smell like the Angel was aroused, which couldn’t be true because Dean knew Castiel wasn’t interested in anything like that, especially with such a different creature.
There was something he could do. But it was going to be very, very difficult.
“That’s what giant kelp looks like. It is mostly in the Pacific Ocean.” Dean greedily scours the page.
“It isn’t your fault.”
Dean thought as his mate lay there, completely still, not breathing, looking so helpless.
The Naga couldn’t help but smile.
He couldn’t do anything. It was as if every muscle of his was pulled taught and held there, straining.
[[No,]] Dean said, warmed by Castiel’s nearness. He’d never allowed anyone astride him before, but… it felt so good. [[Now squeeze me between your knees and grab hold of my neck, alright?]]
A pair of Peacekeepers charge off the elevator, stun flares armed. They see Dean and halt, moving the flares away from him immediately. “Our apologies, Mr. Winchester. Have you encountered anyone in this hallway?”
“Thank you, Castiel.”
At last, Cas’s eyes flicked up to meet the man’s own.
Castiel hugged himself.
“Right. You can’t even fuck me for another four days,” Dean said, repeating what the doctor had said.
“That is very kind, Dean.”
“Dean?” he whispers.
The wolf cried out, backing away in utter horror. “Don’t hurt me, please!” He shouted. Dean had heard stories, tales of those who had been tricked by gods for their amusement then killed. Hell, many gods would kill you for just gazing upon them.
Castiel could do little but whimper pitifully and try to crawl away, but, oh, he couldn’t. He needed to be filled.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I’m sorry…” he said after a long pause. Before his Alpha could say anything, though, he continued. “Why am I so fucked up, Cas?” he said, swallowing. “Why am I so broken?”
Cas shoved the knife in The Demon’s throat, all the way to the hilt so that the tip poked through the other side. Alastair twitched and gurgled as Cas walked out of the truck.
Cas is about to offer up an explanation, to give Dean’s innocence plausibility, but before he can draw breath, Sam comes pounding down the stairs, shouting for his brother. Everyone turns, of course they do. Sam’s eyes are puffed up and rubbed raw. The man has obviously been mourning his brother, and it is heartbreaking. He slams into Dean, holding onto him tightly.
"Then why all the lies? Why didn't you just tell me, or run away if you didn't even want to grant me that courtesy? Why string me along for a year? Am I just some sort of plaything to you? Is that why you made me think you loved me?!” The wolf said, leaning forward to dare to meet Castiel face to face.
Dean settles as Cas’s fingers wrap around him, cradling his sensitive shaft.
He just about punctures the bread instead of spreading on the bacon jam when Dean explains, “You would prefer to continue your education and become a teacher.”
It wasn’t a deep kiss. It was gentle, sweet, almost chaste.
Felt Cas arch his back, felt his channel
In the end, Cas teaches Sam everything that he can, brings him books to read about living without modern technology, and carries out pack after pack of supplies that Sam is able to purchase using fake credentials. Thank you, you tech goddess, Eileen. The money is real, just the identities are fake. It wouldn’t be good for anyone to find out that Sam Winchester is buying up all of the dehydrated foods, vitamins, protein powder, glass jars, bulk grains, seeds, handheld tools, powdered milk, and poultry that he can get his hands on.
Before he could dwell on it any longer, he kept sifting through the feathers, finding another pinfeather to massage.
Castiel was going to die with dignity, not left to be picked apart by beasts. He deserved far better than that.
Dean is mesmerized by everything Cas is showing him. They hiked from Cas’s valley this morning so that he could show Dean the remains of a city somewhat nearby. They have traveled a few miles so far, but Dean has not once been bored by the long walk.
Castiel was going to be all right.
Before Sam can stop and correct him, he continues, working up his indignation. “I know you have lovers all over this country, so don’t you dare point your finger at me for taking one, Samuel.”
But… Castiel wasn’t sure, something about him felt so cold, like he wanted to be all curled up and warm, but he couldn’t do it alone. The feeling of being full felt so good, but it also made him feel so
Now, he needed to take care of Dean. His Omega was badly hurt, ripped open, and in shock. Despite his heat, they couldn’t breed - it would just injure him further.
So Megara shot him again.
“She’s been expecting you,” the wolf said, letting him pass.
But he had to hold on. He had to stay conscious, despite the surging power. He had to hold Castiel. Keep him warm.
Even a couple sunrises after the Black Moon, when Dean finally returned to his prospective pack, Castiel still weighed heavily on his heart. The Omega was his true mate. He knew it. Castiel felt so perfect, so
“Like you’re hungry?”
“Yes…?”
“What’s wrong, Castiel? Is this man bothering you?”
“D-Dean…come back…” a weak voice echoed out.
Unable to do anything more with Castiel unconscious, Dean sat by his side, watching over him. He’d stopped shaking, but now was completely motionless, only barely breathing.
Comically, Cas huffs out a bark of a laugh and his mouth hangs agape. If anyone else had said those words he would have immediately dismissed them as ridiculous. As it is, he realizes that Dean has been more than sheltered. He’s been lied to and repressed. He’s been completely controlled, and there go his savior instincts again.
His hands rub over his face repeatedly before he finally engages. “It is my understanding that we are living in the dome to protect us from the poisonous atmosphere outside of it.”
Dean’s face turns ashen. She has been known to barge into his room on occasion, if for no other reason than to prove she can. What if she had this morning? She would have seen Castiel in his bed, both of them naked in a sea of recriminating clothing strewn about. His contract would have been destroyed, his prospects for the coming year gone. Worse yet, Cas would have been arrested at best.
“You’d better be ready next heat,” he spoke into the omega’s ear, licking at the shell. “Because one way or another I’ll fill you so full of pups you’ll barely be able to stand by the end of it.”
“What? I…” Dean said, unsure of how to respond. “But I’m…” he drifted off, unable to continue.
Another figure came into view, dressed all in grey and white with a similar lantern on her hip and a crow perched upon her shoulder. But that’s not what he noticed first.
“Oh, and you can tell this
Sam suggested buying a backscratcher, so of course Dean bought him five, of varying lengths and tooth size. That Naga was such a sweetheart sometimes, bless him.
Since Castiel was a Naga now, he was going to need a veritable feast to keep him going - Castiel’s last real meal was a small, piddly thing. He didn’t know how Angels lived off it.
And he saw something that caught in his throat.
Dean couldn’t help but smile watching him. Castiel was going to be alright. And the face he made at the taste was so endearing.
They are words that Cas has been dying to hear, but he still asks, “Are you sure?”
“H-harder.”
Castiel lifted a finger to his mouth as he opened his eyes. Eyes that glowed blue, and a mouth that shone as if there was some white light within it. “Shhh. Trust me,” he said, in his soft, sweet voice, but amplified as if it were echoing all around them.
“But that’s alright, Castiel. Because I’m going to free you, I-”
“Yes, Cas. I know that you’re under some kind of curse, some curse that states you can only become human on the night of a Black Moon, and binds you to be a wolf somewhere else the rest of the cycle. But all curses can be broken somehow, Castiel. It doesn’t matter how it happened or what it will take to break it - if it takes my heart I’ll cut it out, I don’t care, just tell me what you know, and we’ll figure it out together.”
“Really?” Dean grins.
Dean’s eyes go wide for a moment; Cas has shocked him again.
Their walk through the park lasted only an hour or so, but he’s been over and over every word a dozen times already. He’s reliving every moment like something life-altering had happened instead of the simple, polite conversation it actually was. He isn’t going to get anything done if he can’t get this man out of his head. He considers telling the director that he isn’t feeling well, but that would not go over well with his manager, and then he and Naomi would come give Dean a talk about work ethic and the price of being famous. It just isn’t worth it. He’ll struggle through.
“Have you any Alpha you wish to take care of you?” he whispered to the trembling, whimpering Omegas.
Dean tensed as the pleasure building up within him was finally released, rushing through him. He immediately stilled, pulling Castiel flush up against him to get as deep as he could as his cock twitched within his love, filling him up with hot, thick come, the Omega clamping down on him, milking his cock and knot.
________________________
. Of course not.
They weren’t going to make it.
Sam nods and watches his brother leave with a furrow in his brow. He and Dean have always been held to different standards, but it’s never bothered him as much as it does now. Dean was a rebellious youth who spoke his mind and fought for what he believed was right. Now, he bends to the will of whoever is in a position of authority. It’s not right.
“Dean, leave it. Please.” The green eyes full of angry passion meet his, questioning.
“I cannot stay.”
Gently, Sam says, “But…”
The Great Winged White Wolf. Darkness’s Bane.
“Oh, it’s sunrise!” Castiel said, looking to the east as soft pink rays peeked above the horizon. “I must leave,” he said, climbing off of Dean’s lap.
“Dean, Dean, you can’t die now. You can’t. I need you. Please. You’re everything to me. You’re my life, my soul, my reason to live. Please,” Cas said, weeping as hot tears rolled down his face. “You can’t let this get you. The Dean I know wouldn’t let this get him. Hell, Dean, you’re the most untameable Omega I’ve ever seen. Wild and free as the ocean, no Alpha could break your spirit, subdue you, break you. And you-” he broke, voice hitching in his throat. “You chose to submit to
Eggs.
“Then let me come with you.”
Dean leans his head into his hand on the back of the couch. “You think so?”
Dean growled, pulling out the fingers to replace them with two fingers from his other hand as he licked up his love’s slick from his hand, groaning at the taste of it. It was ambrosia, pure heaven, hot and thick with want.
Dean smiled down at him, holding him a little closer so he could get a better grip on him without disrupting his wings. He could tell Castiel enjoyed it. Carefully, Dean got another spoonful, lifting it to his Angel’s lips for another sip. Slowly, the Angel comfortably settled into him, against him, so fully trusting.
that?”
“Sam?”
More art! This is just a size reference. After all, for wolves, anything to be worn 24/7 needs to be big enough so that it still fits in wolf form.
He keeps catching sight of Cas and Sam in the crowd, but they are both busy placating other people. Cas is given deference that no one of his position is typically given. He just commands that respect despite his servant uniform. The thought of his capable, confident lover makes Dean smile for one quick second.
He was still so cold, though. Even the small flame in his heart couldn’t warm him, couldn’t revive his frozen body, limbs still turned to stone.
At that, he walked out, towards where home lay. Only his steps were impossibly broad, as if the ground beneath him rushed to help him on to his destination, as if the wind itself was carrying him along.
to dry out, Castiel wasn’t eager to dip his wings in water again anytime soon.
“And that’s why,” Dean said, straightening himself and reaching for his satchel, “I’m not losing you, too,” he said, bringing out a leather string, on which was was something very special.
“This man,” Cas says with disgust, pointing back at the image, “doesn’t have any freckles. Dean does. He has a multitude of them over his shoulders.”
Nothing, he supposed. Castiel wouldn’t want a mate that couldn’t care for or feed himself, much less one that couldn’t take care of such a precious Omega as he. Castiel deserved better.
“Be…what?”
She gestures over to the elaborate set they have concocted. It is built around an actual waterfall, creating a peaceful rushing sound. It’s dampening the typical chaos of words, so he is loving the set even more for that effect.
“I would concur, but there is footage of the event and Dean did not appear in court.”
He looked around at his world, at his land, his forest, so different from when he last saw it, and yet so similar.
Crowley acknowledges Naomi with a gesture of invitation, so she is the one to deliver the news. “Dean, someone has come forward to accuse you of drug use and…manslaughter.”
Cas huffs a laugh and gestures for Dean to sit on his makeshift couch. “I’m overjoyed that you chose that path, personally.”
The Alpha furrowed his brow. “Are you wearing just that cloak?” he asked, concerned.
He was alone with his own family. They were hurt, but not nearly as much as he. He’d lost everything. Everything he’d ever known and loved was gone. Had left him. Had been taken away. Had been killed.
They make it to the library, and Cas hopes that Dean isn’t disappointed after being pulled away from the cars. He needn’t have worried. Dean’s jaw gapes wide when they walk through the doors. The open atrium shows all of the floors above them, lit with natural sunlight coming in from the skylights above. They can see the vastness of the space from this main floor, but nothing of its contents. Taking the wide, marble steps to the first floor, Cas goes to his favorite room; the archives. In this room all of the ancient texts are housed. Once inside, Cas lights a candle so that they can see.
But getting up was unusually difficult.
*****
, Cas,” Dean moaned.
“Dean,” the figure said, as if tasting it in his mouth. He seemed to like it.
The little Omega was flushed pink, eyes dark with need.
Dean had never thought about it as censoring himself, but now that Cas has said it, it’s obvious. He has to censor himself all the time.
“I think you are.”
“Most good things are.” Cas emphasizes his point by nipping at one of Dean’s nipples on his descent. Dean hisses and chuckles, squirming out of his reach. Instead of fighting to get that little bud back, Cas kisses down his flat stomach, loving the way the muscles jump under his lips.
Dean looked down to see another wolf climbing up the tree to meet him. He shot it between the eyes. Before he could go back to picking off wolves, however, something hit him from behind.
So, here, in the middle of the night, half-dressed, Castiel stomped out of his quarters to knock on Dean’s next door.
“Then what are you? A warlock? One of the Fae?”
At that, at the pained look in his love’s face, Dean’s heart shattered. “Never, Castiel. Not you.”
“I have warned you and warned you tonight. I don’t know why you refuse to care for your own tables, or why you are so dead set on stepping on Jaime’s toes, but I have had enough.”
When they get back to Cas’s home, they leave their bags in a hidden cubbyhole and then go to a room that Dean has never seen before. Dean watches as Cas opens one safety hatch after another, using the control panels as if this was his job.
“Yes, Alpha. I'm yours, your Castiel. Always,” The Omega replied, whimpering softly at his lover’s soft touches, at the warmth surrounding him, at the sound of his wolf’s calming heartbeat. “Dean?” He finally breathed.
All at once, however, a deep calming feeling spread through him, calming him, as a gentle hand cupped his and his brother’s face.
differently. Mostly the lower half.
“Knot.”
“Nature is awesome,” Cas grins back. “You should see it, Dean. I think you’d love it.”
Slowly, he looked over at his Omega. His precious omega. “Dean,” he spoke, voice barely above a whisper. “You’re pregnant.”
“I’m- I’m Worthy?”
That smell. That smell. It was…
Dean is thoughtful and careful in investigating new ideas. His humor is genuine and mischievous. His heart is pure, wanting to understand the problems of this world and then solve them. In short, Cas couldn’t have created a more perfect companion if he had been asked to cobble one together from his dreams.
There, on the bed. It came from there.
*****
But, god, did he want more.
But this interim stage, this point at which they always had to separate? It began to be too much to bear. More and more, he realized that there might be a point when he couldn’t endure anymore, where he might at last fall apart from the misery and pain of it.
Violently, he was yanked down to his knees, as if strings were attached by hooks to his flesh, ripping him down into the ice cold water.
“I know,” Jimmy said, biting his lip.
“Me being your servant?” Cas asks with a snap to his words that Dean recognizes as his ‘proceed with caution’ tone.
“WHAT, ASSHOLE?”
Jimmy gasped and shoved his and his twin’s heads beneath the water as torchlight broached the bank of the river.
“Sorry. I lied.” He says with a shrug of his shoulders.
That didn’t mean that in some part of Dean’s heart, he wished things were different. That Castiel could always fall asleep in his arms, that he could see the Angel sleeping by him every night, content and happy and at peace.
“Don’t say that. You know it isn’t true,” Dean said, turning away.
“How did I live without this? I never want to leave this bed.”
“Because big guy has two dicks.”
“Cas?”
Dean blushed a deep red. “No, I’m not, really, I-” he said, suddenly cut off by the most musical laugh he’d ever heard. “What?” Dean asked, defensively. “What did I do?”
It was quite a few hours before Dean expected the twins to wake, so, when he heard their little hearts quickening in their chests, he brought out the food, fresh and warm, resting it on their bed at their feet.
_________________________
“I’m glad that I helped you instead of turning you in.”
“He fucked a
Dean glowers at his brother, but Cas seems to light up. “That’s perfect. If they see you as timid and fragile, they aren’t going to look too deeply into your activities.”
“No!” he finally shouted. “No, Dean, you can’t do this, please. Please, look at me. Please. You have three fledglings who need you. Please, I don’t -” he said as tears fell down his face.
“I understand that.”
“Different how?” Cas asked, worry in his voice as he moved to hold his mate close, trying to soothe him, wings snapping back in worry.
Dean takes in the new discovery and tries to process it. He’s always found both men and women to be attractive. Maybe that’s more normal than he’s been told. He’s sure that some of what his handlers tell him is for the purpose of keeping him in line, so he isn’t as surprised as he probably should be. He focuses on Cas’s lips again. He knows what a kiss is, but he’s never experienced it. Now, he’s picturing what it would be like to kiss Cas.
The little Omega continued to glow blue, the glow now spiralling up his arm, finally reaching his right hand, where it glowed a pure white. And, mechanically, the hand clamped onto the wolf’s shoulder, squeezing.
His friend has a way of pushing him into confronting uncomfortable truths. He has opened Dean’s eyes to the extent that the world is impossible to ignore now. Night after night, Dean has spent staring at the ceiling, coming to grips with whatever knowledge Cas had given to him that day. He is now in a constant struggle with himself, existing in an orbit that he feels is less and less important by the minute.
Only to see someone else at his other side.
“Really?” Dean said, looking up to meet Castiel’s beautiful blue eyes. “Me?”
He could help himself, Dean immediately ran his hands up and down his small body, wanting to learn every inch of it, wanting to worship it. Overwhelmed, he leaned down to kiss over his chest and shoulders.
Megara again knelt by the creature, the god that had mere minutes ago been one of the most powerful things to touch Aflheim, and was, now, being poisoned by the dark enchantments etched into the arrow buried in its heart.
“No, it’s true.” Cas steps closer to Dean, reaching out to touch his arm, making a connection to the man he’d begun a friendship with such a short time ago.
The figure glanced up at him, eyes glimmering, smiling widely before going back to drying himself. He didn’t seem afraid at all.
Cas had bought some soup at a nearby restaurant - even now it was sitting in a styrofoam bowl by the bed next to a couple water bottles. Dean would need food and water when he woke. He was so undernourished.
“No,” Castiel said, grabbing his hand and his attention. “I’m sorry,” he said, looking into his eyes. “I can’t thank you enough for saving me and my brother.”
“Uuugggh,” Castiel groaned in frustration.
Cas held his Omega tightly, looking around at the mess.
Then, a spark flew from the stones, and there it was.
“How?” Dean asked, almost amused at the question. He just assumed he wasn’t going to get to come until he was better.
At that, the figure stood.
“Do you?” The glossy gaze is sweet and vulnerable, and something in Cas wants to dirty up this innocence. Of course, the other half of him wants to protect Dean from ever being sullied. He’s in constant battle with himself lately.
Jimmy wept silently. “I’m so sorry, I slowed you down.”
“Ugh. I hate that name.” Dean flushes, and without any makeup on, Cas can see it.
“Dean, are you alright?” Castiel said, reaching out to grab the wolf’s arm comfortingly.
We came so far just to die here.
pissed someone off.”
Cas howls his release, much to Dean’s delight.
Castiel looked down at them, heart filling with joy at the sight.
Castiel briefly explained to him everything he needed to look out for, how to search through the feathers, how to spot pinfeathers, and basically if Castiel asked him to do something to just do it.
Cas smiles in return but shakes his head. “If you can’t say it, then you aren’t ready for it.”
“Dean, it’s me, it’s-”
“Fall in love?”
“Are you not cold?” he said, unable to help looking at his damp, pale, naked body. He was delicate and fair, without blemish or scar, scent like the smell of heaven.
“Is that all you need, Cas?” he asked, still worried about the little featherbutt.
And that was it.
Dean gasped, looking over at the angel, fledgling in each of his arms.
“Sam, you can’t say those things out loud. You know this house has ears.” Cas reprimands him while patting Dean on the back and handing him some water.
“I’m afraid so,” Castiel said, for some reason not as eager as before.
_________________________________________
Then.
After Dean says good night to Sam, he climbs the stairs slowly. When he gets to his room, Cas isn’t there. Going to his full-length mirror in the corner, he speaks and lights turn on, but very dimly. He likes the low light when he’s home. It’s in harsh contrast to stage lights and flashing cameras that he spends his public life in front of.
Castiel did his best to save face by trying to lean up to take a drink, only to feel something slide behind his head.
Even when he was fairly lucid, he didn’t speak much. He mostly stared ahead and grasped for his Alpha. He was silent for over a week after being released from the hospital, lost in depression. Cas would often sit by him, just holding him, letting him know he was there. The Alpha didn’t need to say anything, he just had to let Dean work through it. Dean himself barely moved or acknowledged him.
realize how bad this sounds, right?”
The Omega keened.
Castiel asked himself.
He wouldn’t need them. Not ever again.
She looked disappointed. “Very well, lone wolf,” she sighed, waving her hand. “Go, get away, go break your curse. Just don’t break your neck.”
His love.
. He wanted to be held. He wanted someone to hold him, wanted the weight and warmth of someone else near him.
Cas bit his lip, feeling himself drip with slick at the command. He’d never been ordered to do anything before, and it… it felt
“Dean? Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas asked.
Dean grinned, wet eyes brightening.
“She didn’t mean anything! Meg, I-”
And, suddenly, something hit him.
The creature cried out in pain, cut off by a choking in its throat.
He was so heavy, but it didn’t matter. He was his brother. They were going to make it together or not at all.
“Nothing personal, dear,” the redhead said over his pained cries, a smile on her lips. “But judging from that handprint and that arm of yours, this dark god seems to prefer you whole.”
Dean and Castiel breathed unburdened for a brief moment before countless roars of anger filled the air. Every fell creature for miles, drawn by the glow of red, rushed towards them, towards Castiel, towards Dean, determined to undone what Worthy Blood had wrought.
__________________________
That night, the land rang loud with the weeping of its bereaved.
“You’ll pay for that,” Cas said, grabbing the omega and yanking him up and onto his side, spooning him. The Alpha then growled fiercely into his ear. “Did you think I wasn’t going to take care of you?” he asked.
“I can’t live without you, Dean,” he gasped between sobs, “You make the darkest days brighter, and the brightest days brighter still. I don’t know how I lived without you. You’re my everything. You… you…” he finally broke down, unable to speak as he held his mate close. His cold, pale, lifeless mate.
“Castiel?” his spouse’s voice.
“That’s ridiculous,” Cas refutes as he shakes his head. “Anyone who knows Dean would know that the accusations are false.”
Dean, in confusion, looked over at Castiel, who, suddenly, was glowing bright white, bright as the sun, so that he could barely look at him, before a beautiful figure emerged from the brilliance. It was great and terrible, tall as a workhorse, and standing on four powerful legs. It was both white and black, the white beaming as if made of light itself, and its eyes gleamed a pale blue. Its form was like that of a wolf, but springing forth from its shoulders were wings so great as to block out the sky, yet so bright as to give daylight to all those beneath it.
Cas pulls himself from Dean’s embrace to pick up the mess they made in the room. The distance between them feels vast, and he can tell that Dean feels it too, even in his sleep. He shifts and twists, seemingly searching for Cas. When his eyes open, he sits up quickly, eyes scanning until he finds he’s not alone.
“I do not.”
Desperately, Castiel looked up at the carving wall. Where the niche was, it was carved to look like it was being held by a figure in a fur coat, smiling, with symbols of fire all around him. Below it, an inscription.
He looked up to meet the gaze of no less than several dozen fell beasts, eyes glowing red, their black flesh melting to give way to new disease, falling into the lake the slither and infect, skulls and horns sharpened and dark with blood. One in particular stood so tall as to peek above the trees, all matted fur and cracking bone and flaying skin.
________________________
Naomi seems to unclench with his renewed poise, but Crowley isn’t convinced. Dean is being scrutinized, scanned for inconsistencies. This is the last thing he needs on top of this already insane milieu.
“Now git, lone wolf,” she said. “May you be blessed on your path or whatever.”
But neither Castiel nor James were going to allow that to happen. Not if they could escape it. Even with the town guards on their heels for miles, it didn’t matter. They’d already been on the run for days, and they were growing weak and tired, but they were going to get away. Or die trying.
Dean looked up at his brother. “…It’s good to see you again.”
Castiel merely held him close, kissing his jaw lovingly. “It’s still me, Dean. I will always be myself. I will always be your Cas. Yet I am also the Moon; I love dancing through the sky as I have done since this world was born - but, more than that, I love
His first kiss was a revelation, and although there is wisdom in Cas’s words, Dean is struggling not to push it aside in favor of everything. Now. He has been attracted to Cas for as long as they’ve known each other. As long as he’s known that men were allowed to want other men; that they could be involved with each other just as other couples.
Wait.
They were the most amazing things he’d ever smelled. He needed them. He needed to eat them
Dean looked at him, noticing his mate’s horror. “Cas, Cas what’s wrong?”
“Keep telling yourself that,” Pamelia said, turning away from him.
They were too quick.
Cas runs his teeth over the inside of his lip while he considers just how much to share with Dean. “I love to read. I know it’s not usual for our caste, but my parents were Shokunin, so I was raised that way. I didn’t become Sabanto until I was twelve years old.”
“What do you mean? I-” he said, cutting himself off when the realization hit him, turning the blood in his veins to ice. “Cas…”
“You shouldn’t be alone. Fell creatures roam the forest during a Black Moon, and even some Alpha wolves will take advantage of a lone Omega such as yourself.”
It was Anna. The mercs had him. Alastair.
“The things I could do to you,” Cas sighs.
“Dean,” Sam calls from the third floor where their rooms are located.
Should he take it? I mean, if it helped him deal with the humidity, that would be a godsend, and even if it didn’t no harm done.
“You won’t, Castiel,” Dean replied, squaring his shoulders. “Because I’m going to free you.”
“Right,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. This wasn’t going to be easy.
“Dean, I think I’m dying.”
“Nothing! He… he didn’t want anything.”
“If you’re up for it.”
*****
Cas shrugs. “There is a beautiful park nearby. Would you like to go there?”
“Dean,” Cas said, holding his dear Omega close, head on his shoulder. “What did they do to you…?” he whispered, stroking his mate’s grimy hair. The Omega was so limp and weak in his arms.
Oh, god, he could
“Why, Castiel?” Dean said, hurt. “Why can’t you tell me more? Why can’t you tell me what you are?”
Dean shook his head. “Doesn’t matter. You’re here now,” he said, finally letting Castiel go to get a good look at him. God, he was so beautiful.
“Here,” he said, offering a small bowl to him. “It’ll help with the pain.”
“Hello,” he says quietly.
“Do you think you can get away with it?”
“We parked our truck in the hospital parking lot. We have him tied up in there. I figured you’d want to pay him a visit.”
It was devastating, only gaining so little. This venture was not soon to end. But that’s alright. It was worth it. For his Castiel, it was worth it.
Wolf, seeing it amongst the snow will be difficult. Good thing
“Yes, but you understand how men and women have sex, right?”
“What are you saying?”
Castiel immediately complied, cooing happily as he wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, gripping his fur tightly.
“Yes,” Castiel said, mildly confused as Dean looked deep into him.
At last, Dean finally reached the belt of his slacks, ravenously undoing the clasp as he mouthed at the growing bulge with such intensity as to make the Alpha arch his neck back in pleasure. He let out a low growl.
Quickly losing interest in being discovered, Dean lights up to see what is placed in front of him.
“Don’t move away,” Castiel said, nuzzling against his chest. He knew it was selfish of him, but he wanted to be close to him. So very close. “I want to listen to your heartbeat,” he breathed.
Dean smiles at Cas’s earnestness. “No, sweetheart. I trust you.”
Shouting from the cave mouth.
“Can I do it?” Dean’s eagerness is something that he didn’t expect. He anticipated a frigid and terrified virgin, if he’s being honest. Having this curious man begging to dive deeper into sexual intimacy with him, no fear or timidity to contend with; it’s blowing Cas’s mind.
Actually, he really likes the way that name rolls off his tongue. It flows so nicely, almost like a gasp or a plea. Dean licks his lips and stands. Cas follows him up and guides him toward the exit. Unfortunately, they have to pass by Cas’s table on the way out. In the pidgin language of the lower classes, one of the men mutters something under his breath, causing the other one to laugh uproariously. Cas flushes pink and gives a very rude gesture to his friend. When they get outside, Dean turns and asks, “What did he say?”
“Jimmy!” Castiel shouted, horror in his voice.
To punctuate the point, Dean grips his wrists. “Cas, do you ever think about…”
Before he can depart, each of the women gives him a hug and words of encouragement. It makes him feel all the worse for lying. He feels almost as bad about it as he did last night when he’d had to lie to Dean about certain aspects of his life. It’s the only reason that he didn’t ask for Dean’s contact ID. There were obviously some inconsistencies in Dean’s story as well, so neither of them were truly being themselves. Cas doesn’t know how much of what he saw last night was real and how much was a show, but it is a true regret that he will not see him again. Shaking away thoughts of what he missed out on, Cas focuses on the reason he’s here.
“They’re in my quarters, resting. They’re so weary, Sam.”
It was Castiel’s door.
Castiel was bleeding from fresh wounds the Naga must have sliced into him while caught in his arms.
The world of Kanpeki Basho (Perfect Place) is a mix of many different cultures. It is a rigid caste system with the following castes:
Castiel giggled. “Correct.”
“You have a right to be suspicious. I can see you two have suffered much betrayal in your lives.”
Dean flushes. “I never know if you’re flirting with me specifically, or if you are just a flirt.”
“Dean, no,” Cas said, grabbing his face to make the Omega look at him, but his glazed eyes were too unfocused to meet his own. “It’s me. It’s Cas. I’m here. I’m here to save you.”
Silently, he walked back out to the lake, standing there at its shore before finally looking back.
“You’re as beautiful here as everywhere else, Dean. Cas strokes up to the head of him, squeezing lightly to force the flared edge through his fist. Dean gasps at the sensation; his eyes closing as his head drops back. Cas braces him, holding his weight with his other arm bracketing his chest.
“Yeah, I want to; but not here. I’ll meet you upstairs in a bit.”
His brother couldn’t help but notice as color drained from his face, from his eyes, as the markings that signified his power faded from his body, as the god Dean withered away.
Bart and Alfie snort their opinion of his lie.
The redhead chuckled.
“Mr. Winchester, I am so sorry to keep you waiting,” Cole approaches, looking harried and repentant. “I wasn’t in the area when they alerted me to your need.”
Suddenly, Castiel pulled away, tilting his head as he looked closely at Dean’s now flushed face, his blue eyes shimmering with curiosity. “Your face is speckled.”
He took Castiel’s head in his hands, holding him close and kissing Castiel deeply, pulling a light whimper from his lips before breaking away, kissing along his love’s jaw and down his throat, making the Omega quiver in his arms. “What do you want to do, my love?”
Cas bottoms out, coming to rest on Dean’s lap. Placing his hands on Dean’s thick shoulders, he grinds slowly into a figure eight. Dean’s eyes close with his mouth fallen open.
He’d paid for the eggs just as fast as he could, rushing out the door and breaking into a sprint.
“Who are you?” They said, staring at him suspiciously.
The pain was so intense he almost passed out.
Immediately, Castiel passed through, up, out of the water, completely dry, eyes and veins glowing bright with anger and power.
That is, until today. Today, when Cas got home from work, Dean embraced his Alpha tightly as hot tears streamed down his face.
There it is. Right in front of him.
“That can’t be true, Cas.”
“No, I’m fine, I can walk,” Castiel said, moving to struggle, voice hoarse from the water.
Add to that fact that he wants to make this special for Dean, and Cas is actually nervous. He lost his virginity when he was sixteen, but Dean is having all of his firsts still. And this one is the big one.
“It just isn’t allowed.”
“Just the tea kettle letting me know the water is boiling.”
“Exactly. Be safe, Dean.”
And broke his arm.
“Well, the more specific the curse breaker, the better. Also, as this seems to be a very powerful curse, so it’s going to take some heavy mojo,” she said thoughtfully, running her finger down the columns of spells. “Ha! There. ‘Curses related to the moon.’ Ah, well, it seems one of the things you’ll definitely need for breaking a heavy-duty moon curse is a feather from ‘Darkness’s Bane.’ So, the Moon god. Pfft, these books are so fuckin’ formal sometimes.”
Castiel smiled at the sweet, tangy taste of it, watching enthralled at what it was doing to his wolf. “That’s me,” he giggled.
The rage boiled the blood in his veins.
“Sam!” Dean said, embracing him in return.
Castiel took a deep breath of relief and pulled away, kneeling before his lover, baring his throat in submission. “Then will you take me as your mate, Dean? Even after deceiving you, after all I have done to you, can you forgive me? Will you be my Alpha?”
“You’ll have to order food if you stay.”
This week, Dean is supposed to be working on his understanding of Buddhism because of another upcoming project. One of the highest honors a person can be given is to have the monks of the Theravada request an audience. He was granted that honor upon winning the Pageant, and would be traveling to the temple in the upcoming days.
“I have missed this place so much, Donna.” His hands are greedy to get what he came for, and he must clasp them in front of himself to keep from losing the last of his dignity. Dean knows exactly what he wants, and Donna knows, too. With a quiet smirk, she nods and goes back behind the bar.
Cas pulls back the curtain leading into the dressing room and stops to take in the beauty before him. Dean’s shirt is unbuttoned at the cuffs and he has kicked off his shoes. This is virtually naked for a Yumeijin and Cas remembers again why this job is worth any amount of aggravation he might suffer.
She didn’t reply. She merely spun her wrist.
The orange light of late twilight set the forest ablaze before him as he walked towards the den, a dark hopelessness weighing in his chest.
Around him, he sees those closest to him stiffen in displeasure. Is it inconceivable that a Yumeijin could have a nick name for a sibling without it being anyone else’s business?
Castiel nodded emphatically at the feeling of one of his itches so close to being scratched.
“Ah, I smell #316 on you,” he said with a laugh. “Good bitch, that one’s very pretty. Made me a lot of money.”
But his body wasn’t meant to take such incredible power. His chest ached. He needed air,
“It’s fine, I don’t mind. Really,” Dean said, immediately running his fingers along the base to find the little glands. They were very soft, and they made so much oil when he rubbed them.
“Nope. Eye level or get out.”
Dean broke into tears. Not from pain or hurt, but because for the first time in what felt like years, he felt truly loved. Like someone cared about him. He came with a soft cry in Cas’s arms, where Cas held him close as he knotted his beloved. Held him so tight.
the muscles of Castiel’s channel ripple across him, squeezing him, wanting him.
He shrugged. “Probably.”
Sneaking out of his hideout to fall in step with a group of women who are carrying garment bags and large cases, he hunches and slouches to make himself not quite as tall. All of these women are wearing insanely high heels, so he isn’t that much taller anyway. When the escorts reach their dressing room, they are each so immersed in their own personal ritual of getting ready that they don’t pay him any attention.
Smoke was rising from the alcove into the sky, giving off a beacon taller than trees, telling all with eyes where they were.
“Only one more push, Dean. Come on. You can do this.”
The creature cried out pathetically in pain even as blood poured from its mouth, tears falling from its fading eyes.
“What?” the Alpha said, face growing pale. “But they can’t. it’s too early.”
“Yes,” Dean sighs. “He doesn’t think I have put the clues together, but I know his secret.”
Cas smirked, keeping his gentle thrusts steady as he spooned his mate closer.
“So what now?” Dean asked. “Are you hungry? Do you want to find a den to sleep in for a while? I’ll keep guard for you.”
But Dean wasn’t coming.
Dean is not just a beautiful model or a talented singer, though. He is a surprisingly well-rounded gem of a man. He is curious about anything he doesn’t know, and instead of putting on airs because he had access to the finest schools, he listens intently to Cas talk. Cas, who has not been formally educated; instead, he is intrinsically motivated to learn on his own. Dean was amazed to hear that Cas’s wealth of knowledge came from a VR library account and the few real books that he has ‘liberated’ from their owners.
He tried to help them rebuild, but there weren’t enough anymore. Weren’t enough of them. Weren’t enough Omegas for the remaining Alphas.
He never would have picked this job for himself. It isn’t that he thinks he’s above any kind of work, but being a server does not challenge him in any way besides his patience. He would have loved to get his degree in art history, and then perhaps a graduate degree in Museum Studies. All those plans went up in smoke with his parents’ deaths.
“Lick,” he commanded. Immediately, the omega started lapping desperately at his Alpha’s hand, getting it nice and wet.
Now that he is alone, though, he is going to indulge in his one vice. Quietly sneaking into his assistant Cole’s room, he takes an informal robe from the closet, his backup ID bracelet, and a wig from its display on the counter. There is no way that he would get away with doing this in his own clothes. It would be a disaster if he were to be discovered.
Looking down again, Dean answers quietly. “No, my childhood was very sheltered.”
Dean turned to the den mouth, seeing the few peeking heads of several crows, now cawing loudly.
“But what if I’m out of eggs, Cas? I don’t want you to get a surrogate or a breeder, I-” he swallowed. “I want to be the one to carry your pups.”
“Castiel, it’s alright, it’s alright. Don’t be upset,” he said softly, hurt by his beloved’s pain.
“But you bring up a good point, Cas. This house does have ears. And eyes. Especially where Dean is concerned.”
Just one more push.
Crowding Dean into a bathroom, he pulls a chair in from their small lounge and gathers supplies. Locking them into the small space makes Dean nervous and edgy. Meeting his eye in the mirror, he promises, “You have nothing to fear from me, Dean. We may not be on the best of terms right now, but I appreciate that you saved me from certain imprisonment. I will do nothing to cause you harm.”
The closer that they get to Cas’s home, the more intrigued Dean becomes. When Cas stops in front of a hatch with a circular wheel in place of a handle, he spins it to the left.
“Because you are a family that needed my aid. I want to help you. And you’re Omegas, the most precious person there is.”
*****
“Knot,” he kept mindlessly repeating.
“No, no,” Castiel said, hurt, standing to his now sturdy feet. “That’s not what happened at all. I still love what I do. But, the joy I feel around you is… so much more. It makes me always want to be around you. Near you,” he said, suddenly seating himself in Dean’s lap, straddling him and looping his arms around his neck.
Cas looks down as if he’d forgotten what he is wearing. “No. I’m not an escort.”
“Yes. You said you were hungry.”
When he emerges in the kitchen, Sam is already there, wolfing down a large omelet. Cas is sitting across from him, sipping his coffee. When Dean meets his eye, he can’t help the awkward little excitement that flips through him, wreaking havoc on his coordination as well as the entirety of his nervous system. Seeing Cas in the light of day is bringing back the lovely memories of their time together. He hopes it was just the first of many, many times to come.
“I’d say it would be a good day to skip the hand job,” Sam winks.
This story completes my collaborations for the first ever Wayward Hunters Collabang. I was lucky enough to find two matches that I was dying to work with. This collaboration has been so much fun, and I think you will agree with me when I tell you that Solus's art is amazing.
Dean was gone.
Castiel.
“How long do you want? 30 minutes? 45? An hour?”
Castiel blinked in confusion for a few seconds before allowing Dean to feed him. To Dean’s surprise, he slurped down the whole spoonful.
Castiel had left everything else, but he’d kept the amulet.
The following day, Dean can’t seem to focus on his lines. He is always a professional and works diligently to not only memorize his lines, but give a unique and dimensional performance every time. This failure on his part is making him furious. He didn’t stay up too late, and he didn’t skip his morning workout. The only thing he did differently than usual is he ate that big slice of pie. Even so, he knows that isn’t what has him so off-kilter. It’s Cas.
A few forward-thinking countries banded together and created this domed utopia to protect their citizens for future generations. The science needed to both create a self-contained country and keep it running without any traditional power sources took decades to perfect, but it has stood strong now for several generations.
There was magic in him. Magic in Castiel. But the only magical things that roam the world during a Black Moon are…
Dean drew his jacket tight as he clambered out of the den into the red glow of an autumn twilight, and his stomach dropped.
He rushed in the door to his section of the house. His room, it seemed, had not been entered since his Fading, but even his energy, the life within him, seemed to brighten the room, seemed to clear away the dirt and cobwebs, put the room back in some order at his return.
“What would you do if we got caught?”
At last, though, the glow disappeared, the grip on Dean’s heart released, and he could breathe freely again, body trembling in fear.
“Such a shame. To be offered the gift of knowledge from these spiritual leaders and turn it down? No offense, Dean, but your managers are idiots.”
It hurt. It hurt so much.
Useless.
I’m hungry! I’ve been hungry before, but it’s never felt like
Both men are filled with joyous energy as they make their way back to their temporary home. They have so many plans to make and execute in a very short time. If Cas can’t break Dean out before his trial, it will be close to impossible.
“You?” she laughed, a dark, musical laugh.
“Dean, I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry, I took too long, I’m sorry…”
“Shh, save your strength,” he said, taking his turn to pull Castiel along.
The most he can hope for is a temporary fling with Dean, so that’s all he will allow himself to consider. Anything else will end with Cas’s heart being shattered.
A hoarse whimper. Hold them. He wanted so much to hold them.
Eileen has been a lifesaver for this part of their plan as well. She was able to find building plans for the pre-trial holding areas in the courthouse. Using his healthy set of burglary skills, Cas was able to find an ingress point that would get him into the right wing of the building.
As luck would have it, the Winchesters and the loves of their lives are not the only ones living outside the oppressive dome of Kanpeki Basho. Over the months that they’ve been living out in the wilds, they’ve gathered a few other rebellious souls to their merry band. Donna and Jody escaped the dome even before Cas and have been living beyond the library to the west. Benny and his wife are the old-timers out here. They have been free for years, and have had all four of their children out here. There are a few other families scattered in the hills, and Sam has taken on the task of finding others. He is setting up a school in the library, which Cas has also claimed for his museum.
Why did he have to do this to himself, to his precious wolf?
It felt like forever, but, at last, the tears had abated, and he merely lay in the bed, completely broken, staring at the den wall until the faint glow of dawn lit the threshold outside.
No. It couldn’t be.
Castiel bit his lip.
Even with his detours, he is home long before he is expected. The party was expected to go long into the night. He doesn’t see Sam waiting up, so he goes upstairs to his room. Dean can see the light on in his room through the crack under the door and he can hear his big oaf of a brother moving around, so he opens the door with his ID.
But that didn’t matter.
“Cas,” Dean sighs. “I’m just like everyone else.”
Seeing the place that Cas will one day live is bittersweet for Dean. He has known that one day Cas would leave, but maybe now that he knows where to find him, he could visit? Before the day comes when they must part, Dean means to have Cas show him how to get through the locked chambers and out of the dome on his own.
God, seeing his mate like this, so obedient, shaking with effort to stay motionless and keep from coming…? It was almost too much.
“We’re not far.” Cas says gently. He stops to wait for the magnetic vehicle to pass when he hears the tell-tale hum coming from their left. The speeding vehicles are nicknamed ‘bullets’ in the lower caste neighborhoods because they do the same kind of damage if you get in front of one.
They held it there, for as long as they possibly could, unable to see or open their eyes in the freezing cold rushing water.
And it was killing him.
The Great Fell Beast leapt back in terror at the display as the magic sewed tight Castiel’s wounds, yet still with so much power left over that it reached for Dean to heal him as well, breathing life and strength back into them both, before, at last…
“Castiel, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” Dean asked, worry clear in his voice.
It isn’t fair that Cas is relegated to eat in the kitchens with the other servants. It isn’t fair that Dean can’t take his hand for comfort when he is faced with something that disquiets him. It isn’t fair that he can’t even hug his brother in public.
At that, Cas grasped onto his omega firmly, sending a shudder piercing through him. The Alpha immediately began to work, pumping, twisting, thumbing his omega’s slit as his mate writhed beneath him, moaning with need.
Dean picked up the pace, ignoring the branches scratching his face, only focusing on getting to the den. Getting to his love.
He didn’t know. But there was a sense of foreboding in the air, as if something terrible was about to happen.
He didn’t make it far.
She knit her brow. “Wolf, this is,” he said, tracing a finger around the outline of it. “This is very powerful magic. I’ve never seen anything like it,” she said, staring at it some more before forcibly turning Dean to meet her gaze.
But his hand held on to Dean’s shoulder like a vice.
Dean thought that they would be spending the dark night searching for a place to shelter, but it turns out that Cas knows exactly where to find one. Only a short hike later, they come upon a rundown cabin. Cas pulls out a candle from his pack and lights it, revealing a small part of the interior. The edges remain in shadow.
Cas smiled, looking down at his mate as the last of their fledglings was placed in his arms. They immediately huddled to their mother as he curled around them, keeping them warm and safe. One even began to nurse.
Then, the fire pit burned bright, growing impossibly high and hot.
Dean gasped and froze, suddenly feeling very hot. “What…” he said, out of breath for some reason. “What are you doing?”
“Of course. Men don’t have the same parts, though.”
“You were injured…?” Castiel said, rubbing his thumb along his wolf’s ribs.
Castiel silenced him with a finger to his lips, before moving his hand to brush his wolf’s cheek.. “I changed my mind,” he said, leaning forward and mimicking Dean’s kisses down his wolf’s jaw and throat, kissing each speckle he found here, wanting Dean to feel the same pleasure he’d given him. Oh, he needed him so much. He
________________________
There isn’t anything to do but people watch while long, blue and green extensions are braided into his natural hair. They glitter with filaments of gold and are crimped with strands of freshwater pearls, stained in shades of pinks and more blues. They have already applied gold dust to his bare arms and painted on a delicate scale pattern with the most vibrant shimmering pigments. He hasn’t seen his face yet, but knowing these artists, he’s sure that he is hardly recognizable under the masterpiece they’ve created.
A gift like this is often given to lovers. It’s typically an engagement gift, symbolizing a promise of forever. Well we all know how that turned out.
The interview process itself was grueling, but thanks to being coached by the Winchesters, he knew ahead of time how to handle each of the interviewers.
“You probably mean stubborn,” Dean said, mustering a fake smile.
“Naomi came by and demanded to talk to you.”
Dean nodded, lost in thought. “What else?”
It had been a couple weeks now. He no longer felt unbidden tears fall from his face, and his heart had stopped aching. But that was only because he could no longer feel anything.
“Holy shit!”
The process is into its first full hour when Dean catches Cas speaking to Naomi and then stepping back to affect the perfect valet pose of stoicism and patience. Seeing him there makes his heart leap. His pulse picks up and suddenly, he can’t think through the adrenaline racing through his body.
“It’s alright, I got you.”
There were too many crows.
“Please.”
Their deaths would be quick.
“No, he’s not Fae! He’s…” he took a breath. “He’s who I meet every Black Moon.”
Sam looks up earnestly before admitting, “She’s deaf.”
Crawling back up his shaking body, Cas plants a kiss on Dean’s gob-smacked face and falls onto his back.
The faces changed, narrowed down.
Despite their nerves, they are naked in moments, and Cas coaxes Dean to lay on his back. They could go about this in a number of ways, but Cas riding him is by far the easiest on Dean. They continue kissing once Cas straddles him.
Dean drew back with a gasp, pulling back to stare into Castiel’s bright blue eyes, now tinged with gold. “Are you sure this is what you want? I thought you said you didn’t-”
Taking up the gauntlet, Dean stares at him dead in the eye when he asks, “Do you ever think about having sex with me?”
. I’ll wait for you, Cas, I’ll wait forever if it means one day we can be together. I want no one else. Please, Castiel. I love you.”
“I believe so,” Rowena said, noting the lack of strength and the utter defenselessness the creature had.
He raised his arm to smite them, hand glowing white hot as the one of them raised her crossbow.
Cas looks down the line with consideration. “I think this earthy green brings out your eyes.”
“My work assignment is just a few streets over. We can go in and get all of that cleaned off of you. You have clothes that you can wear in here, right?”
Much of the Yumeijin caste started from Buddhist culture, but that was generations ago. They do not have religious beliefs anymore. Also, Dean is Sabanto, like he is. When Dean finishes the blessing, he bows and Cas bows with him. He swallows around the lump in his throat. He wants to question Dean, but he also doesn’t want to ruin this evening. That might be a question for another time. The thought gets his heart racing to consider being with Dean again.
At that, Dean bit his lip, straining with exertion.
“I’m not leaving you,” Castiel said, biting back his own tears as he clumsily hauled his brother over his shoulders.
“Are you well?” the wolf asked, searching for the caretaker Alpha or Beta that must be nearby, but smelling no other.
“Oh, so you’re the vengeful Alpha that’s the cause of all this fuss?” He asked, voice slimy and chipper.
He waited until it was mid-evening because he knew that Cas would be busy during dinner rush. He dressed carefully to appear as a higher class Shokunin worker, an appropriate head scarf so that he could enter the restaurant without issue. Now all he needs to do is step through the door and find Cas.
“Shut up,” Dean mutters. “I have to do hair and makeup later anyway.
Dean hadn’t realized that their relationship was so close to ending. He thought they had a year at least. It sounds like Cas is close to making this his home. He’s glad that the cabin is too dark for Cas to see his pain.
When they start their descent into a valley, Dean stops and stares breathless. Above them, there is a vast carpet of stars. Getting away from the light of the dome is allowing the natural light to fall down on them, and Dean has never seen anything so alien and beautiful.
“I have to see him! I have to leave now if I’m to see him!”
“Dean!” He finally shouted, rushing to his Omega’s side, cradling his head in his arms. “Dean, Dean, answer me,” he said, looking down at him, stroking his face, his eyes open but unfocused.
Could he feel that now? Could he ever again?
Dean averted his eyes. “Yes, so I am the wolf that no one wants. I don’t blame you if you- if you want to stay away. You are a magnificent Omega. You deserve better company than I. Lone wolves are dangerous.”
Dean’s grace was fading.
“Ah, a blab-and-stab. You brought my money?”
But it could never be.
Dean stops and looks down into the sink. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
And this time, Castiel made a soft whimper. He’d been suffering for so long that the relief just felt
He rushed to save as many as he could, fueled by the rage at the thing he loved, the thing he lived for, being destroyed before his very eyes. He burned chariots, burned those invaders from the inside out, burned their weapons from their hands.
!” Dean said, immediately trying to sit up, only to have the druid shove him back down.
No, he noticed her eyes, pure white and sightless.
He took a deep breath before he at last slid the card into the slot. A light on the handle glowed green, and the door unlocked.
But as he watched Dean’s bright green eyes start to fade only meters away, he reached back best he could with his arms pinned, heart aching within him, and, finally, he uttered one last barely audible word.
[[I have no idea!]] Dean said, laughing. [[Pick a direction!]]
“…May you be blessed on your path,” Castiel breathed as he kissed his precious wolf’s forehead.
“Would you like to go for a walk?”
Circulating at the party proves harder than usual. Every person that sees him has to look twice. When they recognize his face beneath the arguably brilliant makeup, he is forced into impromptu photos that take much too long to set up. Speaking is difficult with the volume of the music, so he isn’t able to accomplish his usual networking. He is there as an ornament, a novelty that clients love to see and photograph. Usually he would be grateful for the reprieve. These events are typically spent fending off the stares of inebriated women. His position in his caste is such that no one would dare touch him. They would immediately be thrown out of the party and quite possibly reported to the peacekeepers. However, their hungry looks can’t be policed.
The Omega
“How could I forget you?” Dean said, smiling widely as he breathed in the Omega’s scent. He’d almost forgotten how amazing it was.
He couldn’t move his legs. At all. And everything felt
Besides, Dean was as content with snuggling against Cas’s body and talking as he was with everything that preceded it. Watching Dean’s eyes droop into longer and longer blinks had been a highlight of Cas’s existence. The man is as adorable as he is beautiful.
here in his lover’s strong arms, protecting him, warming him.
Dean moaned lowly, a dark, possessive growl rumbling in his chest as he nuzzled the Omega’s neck.
“My parents were maintenance workers when they were alive, so I spent a great deal of time in the decon chambers. I feel safe out here, and I don’t have to spend money on housing.” Cas explains how everything works out on these frayed edges of society.
“I suppose I could do that,” Cas grins wide enough that Dean could not miss his humor.
The wolf had never seen anyone so handsome, or anyone so pale - pale as snow in the mountains, with eyes the color of the sky in summer. Even in such darkness, he could make those eyes out - they seemed to glow in their radiance.
His options were limited here in the dressing room, and he was forced to out himself to the young ladies and beg their assistance. Of course, his story was quite different from the truth, for which he feels some remorse. He’d told them that an abusive employer brought him here, and he needs to escape. Being in a job market that often aligns itself with cruelty, they were more than happy to oblige him.
“The Rule?”
So, as he walked through the pack, everything was eerily quiet, with all eyes on him.
They travelled for hours, alternating between running and trotting. They came across streams and forests and small mountains, and each time, Castiel had to pick a direction.
Sam purses his lips. How anyone thinks that Dean is dumb is beyond him. His brother is perceptive and insightful. “Yes, I suppose it is.”
“D-do you still have your flint?” Castiel asked teeth chattering.
Coming around to Dean’s front, he tries and fails to keep his eyes trained over his shoulders. Dean’s extra height puts his lips at Cas’s eye level. His obsession with Dean’s lips is getting out of hand. One of these days, the thread of control is going to snap, and he’s going to end up in prison for assaulting his employer.
“I’ve seen it happen. I can attest that it is true,” he said, eyes growing sad.
Castiel dodges around a corner and uses the shadows to his advantage. Staying perfectly still and letting his long, black wig cover his face, he is as close to invisible as he can hope to be. Schooling his rapid breathing takes concentration, especially as his heart beats chaotically. He refuses to be caught because his panting gave him away.
“Come with you?”
Dean sighed and shook his head. “Not very well.”
And he was so very, very cold.
“Yes, I would appreciate that.” Thick and warm like honey, Dean practically purrs. “Don’t be so careful with me, though. I want to feel your hands on me.”
Dean took in a deep, shaky breath. "Are you the curious little Omega I met? Wild and free and full of life, eager to see and try everything? Could that possibly be you?" He said, gripping him tighter. "Are you my Castiel?" He said, body melting and softening, curling around the familiar creature in his arms. "My Castiel, my Castiel,” he whispered into his love’s tousled hair. “Oh,” Dean said, love filling his heart. “My Castiel. My little Cas.”
Wait. Wait, Castiel didn’t have a waist belt. He wasn’t
“No offense taken. You’re absolutely right.”
Castiel shook.
“Strip me bare,” Cas smiles and lifts his hips to assist Dean. When Dean has cautiously tugged the stretchy knit pants of his robes down to let his cock pop free, he stops and stares. Licking his lips, he glances back at Cas.
The shouting kept getting louder.
“No,” Dean said, shaking his head. “That can’t be true.”
“Easy. Please. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean any harm. I promise.” Cas says gently.
“Well,” she said, lost in thought. “the Moon god dances through the sky, and sometimes through the mountaintops. Your best bet is to travel to the tops of highest mountains and look for feathers there. But, as the Moon god is the Great Winged
Beyond a low gurgle, Alastair didn’t even seem to mind. He almost seemed to enjoy it. “But, wouldn’t you know it? Fertile bitch caught.”
The light itself seemed to sear deep into Dean’s bones, its power akin to what he’d felt when his arm was being healed, yet all over, so intense as to render him unable to move. The wolf struggled to breathe with such intense power enveloping him, surrounding him, burning his lungs, shocking him, sending him into violent convulsions. After all, he was nothing but a mere mortal - a mortal standing meters away from an angry god.
Something shone in the water some distance away.
But how do you kill a culture, a belief? Why, you steal its future. You steal its Omegas.
Taking a risk that might end this friendship if he is wrong, Cas says quietly, “Then I suppose it’s you that you don’t trust.”
“Cas!” Dean shouted, struggling against the druid’s hold on him, heart broken within him, tears streaming down his face.
“Maybe,” Dean said, rubbing his neck.
Castiel almost just wanted to fall to his knees and weep as night fell and darkness enveloped them. It had been all for nothing. They were going to belong to a cruel master for the rest of their lives. It was over.
“You won’t get sick of me?” Cas teases.
“Except you’re not. Even if you were a completely different caste and no one knew who you were, you would still be beyond compare.”
“We have a handsome one, here, don’t we?” she said, her voice lilting and beautiful.
“Do you want to see your fledglings?” Inias asked.
At breakfast, Dean glowers at his younger brother. Of course, his anger and frustration are hidden behind a mask of calm complicity, but inside, he’s furious. As he eats his spinach and egg white omelet with no oil, no cheese, and no taste, he’s sitting with all 6ft and 5 inches of Samuel Winchester who is inhaling his weight in processed carbohydrates. There are pancakes, toast, and fried potatoes to go with his bowl of oatmeal covered with brown sugar and raisins. On the side is a plate of bacon that must be stacked at least two inches tall.
He took a breath, looking around their little alcove. No, now that he could see it, it wasn’t an alcove at all. It was…some sort of shrine. On the back wall, where the niche for the flint was, was an intricate carving, of both writing and imagery, half covered in dirt and dead leaves.
“You’re a new customer?” The attendant chirped, a smile across his face.
Dean hugged his new cloak close about him - a Black Moon in the depth of winter was bitterly cold, but, if he could see Castiel tonight, it would be worth it.
Dean bowed his head. “That’s so far away.”
“You alive?” Megara, said, a smirk in her voice.
Dean crosses his arms over his chest. “Since I assume you don’t want to deal with the Peacekeepers outside, I think you should anyway.”
He looked up at his wolf, who seemed frozen in place, a look of horror on his eyes.
“You don’t.” Cas smooths his hands up and down Dean’s arms. “Take it slow. There is no need to rush.”
Dean’s eyes snap open and he scrambles to his feet. As his gaze turns wildly around them, Cas can’t help but laugh.
“Yes. Now. Please.” Dean’s breath is light and fast, arousal written all over his face. Cas isn’t going to let this moment go by without giving Dean what he wants.
“A dark god, then?” Megara said.
“Are they after you?” he said, a growl in his voice.
Cas sees movement beside him as the hum approaches them and gets naggingly loud. Dean isn’t stopping, and he’s stepping into the path of the murderous projectile. Cas yells his name, but Dean doesn’t step back, so Cas does the only thing he can do. He grabs Dean around the middle and pulls him backward. Their feet tangle and they both go down to the ground, Dean’s elbow catching Cas under his rib cage.
He was going to break the curse.
His feet pounded against the earth as he ran. He didn’t even know or care which direction he and his brother were going, so long as it was away from
“Why are you here, Dean? Last I checked, no one of your caste is dressed up and paraded around fancy parties. That’s the job of a Yumeijin.” Cas is definitely defensive, but Dean curls in on himself too. He’s been caught in his lie, and it appears that he’s not the only one.
Cas nods and continues his description, telling Dean of all of the half-crumbled buildings, metal vehicles that are only patchy rust surrounding the trees growing through them, and dozens of animal species that are flourishing without human intervention.
“No, I'm not,” Megara said, kneeling by the small dying creature’s side. It kept its eyes on her, watching her with the bluest eyes she’d ever seen, almost glowing in the cold light of their lanterns. “What’re you looking at?” She said, spitting in its face, making it look away. At last, she dared to touch the creature’s body, cold and soft and bare under a now blood-matted bearskin cloak. “No wonder Lone Wolf wanted to fuck you, you donned such a pretty body,” she said with a smirk as she reached for the arrow buried in the beast, deliberately shot into its belly. To kill anything that might have been growing within it. She jimmied it in its flesh and ripped it out.
Even after all that, finally seeing Castiel’s bright blue eyes once more, his smile, his face? It made it all worth it. Getting to hold him, speak to him, scent him once more…
“Hm?” Dean asked with a soft smile, not bothering to open his eyes.
Dean’s heart does a weird little flutter in response to his tilted head and knit brow.
Dean takes his hesitation as permission and forces Cas backwards to lie on the bed again, connected at both mouth and cock. Dean’s mouth feasts on him, kisses filthy and deep. He thrusts forward, pushing his own cock through the tunnel of Cas’s hand and running it along the length of Cas’s.
Now, Dean knew that he should attempt to take this Naga in alive, to face justice.
“But look!” She said, drawing out a pendant of some sort that had been hanging from the beast’s neck - it looked like a tooth with some sort of green stone in it. “Oh, so this is how you were controlling him!” She said, yanking it off the creature’s neck. “‘Dean will forever protect and heal Castiel,’” she read with a grin. “How precious,” she said, tossing the thing into the lake.
Instead of giving Cas this tiny shred of dignity, the man decides to humiliate him. “You are fired. Leave now.”
“Dean…” he said, hands reaching for his shoulder. “Dean, what happened to your arm?”
He switched to human form, haphazardly dressing himself as he tried to keep running.
“Oh, well. That isn’t precisely why I’m here, Dean.”
The flame within burned him, engulfing him.
Dean cried out as he came hotly into his Alpha’s hand. The Omega quivered and whimpered softly in his Alpha’s arms.
The very prospect made his heart ache.
Looking appalled, Dean is quick to make him understand that he isn’t casting any judgment on Cas’s home.
“Because I can’t let Dean stay in prison!” Sam shouts. Eileen rubs his arm, her brows furrowed in concern. Sam takes a deep breath and smiles at her in thanks. “I have to do something.”
“Good boy,” he said, cuddling his mate close. “So good for me,” he said, kissing his neck before relaxing against him. Like this, they breathed together softly, drifting off.
Turning, he asks Eileen to zoom in. She does and plays the video forward at a quarter speed. When the on-screen Dean turns away, so does Cas.
Occasionally, Dean would flash back to his time in Heaven. He never talked about it, though, and Cas never asked. But it was going to be okay. They were going to make it. Dean was going to make it. The one he loved was back in his arms.
As they walk through the kitchen doors, Devon remarks, “Did you see the guy they put in Jaime’s section?”
“Now you calm down and stop talking. You’re just going to make it worse,” she said, sternly. “Don’t be an idiot. You can always see this Castiel again.”
He had to get away, had to leave. He and his twin had been gifted to the lord of his town, a vile man, but rich, and willing to pay for two such handsome Omegas.
“You brought a weapon?”
. He was
When Cas had presented it to him, he had explained that people in all cultures around the planet had made paper for centuries; first from papyrus reeds, then trees and bamboo plants. Because blank paper wasn’t available anymore, Cas had figured out a way to remove the ink from book pages in an effort to recycle those books that he has multiple copies of. Dean needed a way of copying down his music, so he recreated an object that had long since become extinct.
“I have earned those tips. You have no right to take them.” Cas knows that he is starting a scene, but he’ll be damned if he is cheated out of money he earned.
They move out of the archive room slowly, as it is difficult to see with only the light of one candle. “What will you do when you come to live here permanently?”
“Oh, that is troubling. I hope you catch the intruder.” He scowls and says the words loud enough for their hidden guest to overhear.
Dean could do nothing but stare. There seemed to be no noise as it rushed back and forth across the lake, quick as lightning, slaughtering and smiting each beast that dared meet his gaze. All across the lake, everything save Dean that looked into the Moon God’s eyes or felt the Moon God’s touch fell down dead, heart stopped in its chest, the blue light from his gaze burning off their flesh. Dean was nothing but an ant to such a god, nothing at all compared to the very Moon itself at war.
That ceases Cas’s forward momentum. He turns an indignant glare on Dean and speaks through gritted teeth. “Fine. Let’s go.”
“Yes, I suppose they did.”
“No, I take care of myself,” Castiel responded before leaning against Dean’s shoulder and sighing happily. “You are very warm. It’s nice.”
“If you want me to. I don’t want to push.”
