"Hush. I'm sure they didn't laugh."
"The armour has some unexpected design flaws," Tony said, with a grimace. "No room for a full-on hard-on in the suit."
Howard had designed the helicarrier. "Go!" he said now.
"You need any help up there, Colonel?" Storm asked hopefully.
He heard Steve's intake of breath and reached to take his hand.
From here he could see the pattern of the tornados, half a dozen equally spaced, spiralling outwards from the tower. He'd have to time it correctly to pass between them...
Tony might have known that, with SHIELD in charge, Coulson's funeral and sort-of wake would not go entirely to plan - at least for him.
Maybe a third of the HUD was back now, though there was still no contact with Jarvis. Tony thought that the AI must have been wiped from the armour's memory, though he had built in enough safeguards that it would have taken something very powerful to delete him.
"Dad doesn't make a good puppet," Betty corrected her.
he wondered.
"Just?"
"Last night," Tony said, "I was protecting myself."
"Okay." Tony shoved himself up on his elbows. "Until I was sixteen I spent most of my time with Dad – I helped run the company, and a lot of our tech was mine. I didn't mix with other kids much. Then Dad died – or we thought he'd died – and I went to live with the Rhodes. But someone had tried to kill us both – had nearly killed me, and I thought they had killed Dad – and our company was being stolen out from under us. The CEO, Obadiah Stane, was using my tech and Dad's to build weapons. Dad had stopped arms production when I was born. He didn't want me to grow up in the shadow of a man who made weapons of mass destruction. Ironic isn't it? Because I built Iron Man and so spawned villains like Titanium Man and Iron Monger and the Mandroids. I didn't build any of them, but they were based on my tech. High school seemed unimportant compared with that. I'm an engineer so I used the battle suit I'd built to equalise the situation."
Raising the faceplate had been a mistake, Tony realised, as he struggled to keep his expression neutral. There had been a lot of speculation about Captain America but very little of it suggesting that he was the original, Steve Rogers, frozen in the ice for seventy years, unaging, undreaming, unchanged.
"Clint and Natasha?" Rhodey asked, looking worried. "They aren't easy to fool."
"Ms Potts left the building two hours ago," Jarvis informed them.
Who he hadn't thought about for hours.
"When will you be ready to go?" she demanded.
"She's a secret princess," Storm was saying. "Or so she says. I wouldn't want to argue with her."
Tony plunged on into the living area, to find Jean, in navy and yellow spandex, smiling at Steve. Behind her stood a much younger girl, in jeans and tee, with a mass of blonde hair and a fierce expression.
"She isn't currently a redhead," Marilyn was continuing, quite oblivious of his confusion, "or employed by us, of course, but she contacted me when I was in Washington, took me to lunch, actually. Lots of girl talk – and gave me something to pass on to you."
He didn't like the way Tony took the privileges of great wealth for granted – but, of course, he had been born to the life, didn't know anything else.
"Hi, Pep. Where's Happy?"
"We seem to have the rest of the afternoon."
The Panther chuckled. "No need to be so delicate, Captain. Two years before I was born, a plane crashed on the borders of Wakanda. The only survivor was a baby boy, only a few weeks old. My father and mother adopted him. In all the ways that count, he is my brother and his loyalty to the country and our people is unquestioned." Apparently feeling that this was the last word on the matter, he leaped out of the vehicle and strode over to a hitherto unnoticed stack of ... somethings ... covered by tarpaulins.
Though he knew the location of the 'Golden City', as T'Challa had called it, that was too large (and possibly still too dangerous) for him to hope to find help there. He would, he calculated, have a better chance at the 'research centre'.
"Thor himself," Steve said. He saw Tony take several deep breaths before turning to face the archer, who was suited up, bow in hand. The Black Widow stood beside him, her arms folded.
That he didn't trust instinct was the reason that, despite the fact that Gene had done so, apparently without harm, he wasn't going to touch it without the protection of the Iron Man armour.
Steve jerked forward until he was less than a foot away. He was even paler now, and his hands were clenched into fists. "You aren't an alienist, Stark. You know nothing about me."
So, despite everything, it was Bruce he turned to with Jarvis's chemical analysis of the gas that had been released in Steve's apartment block.
"I already have. I held a Board Meeting and I own ninety per cent of the voting shares. You can take either cash or Stark Industries stock or a mixture of both. Marilyn has the papers drawn up. I'll do the CEO job there myself. But, as Chairman of SI, I'm going to keep a closer eye on what we're producing – and who we're selling it to."
Thor's big smile lit his face. "Where else should I go?"
Clea picked up the artefact from where it lay on the floor and examined it critically. "This is... Where did this come from?"
"One in heat," Fandral said.
"Which is," Steve went on, "an... unlikely... coincidence."
Iron Man – Tony – flew again and again into the heart of what remained of McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, his sensors tuned to discover any trace of life, blasting aside the steel and stone with his repulsors. Steve followed up each of his calls, with the team that had congregated around him; medics, firemen, demolition experts, military engineers and SHIELD agents.
"One man only," the AI reported, confirming what Tony was seeing in the HUD. "The only other infra-red and radar contacts appear to be animals. There is a mixed herd of antelope, zebra and African buffalo approximately a mile and six hundred and thirty-two yards away at the closest point. A group of lionesses are flanking them, on the far side of the herd."
Charles Xavier came walking across the sand towards him. Here he was a younger man, tall when out of the chair, with a mobile expression and a head of brown curls. Jean stood some distance away, and she looked older, her long red hair lifting about her like flames, as if she, out of all three of them, was surrounded by wind.
None.
"And he sent Hawkeye and the Widow?" There had to be something more to this. "I can't believe this weather is coincidental. What's SHIELD doing about it?"
Steve had been running through his tactical options in growing dismay. In seconds he would have no choice but to intervene to save Tony but, with T'Challa incapacitated, he and Okoye had no real chance of doing anything but delaying that death. Furthermore, if he himself were captured or even killed, their enemies would have access not only to the vibranium mines and Wakanda's advanced technology, but to his own serum-enhanced body...
He could hardly deny it. "Been kinda lightheaded..." he admitted. "Serum was supposed to take care of all those things. Maybe it's wearing off."
"I'm still human," Steve said. "No more courageous than any other. Unenhanced friends have always fought beside me, did what I did, against the same enemies."
There was a large circular hole in the wall, soft sunlight streaming through it, together with far off voices, the baying of dogs and the drone of insects.
As before, please note that the warnings are correct and complete.
"They didn't mention that on CNN," was Bruce's response.
"And it might be an idea to call in Clint and Natasha, if you can reach them."
(See the end of the chapter for
Lying on the sun-warmed flat rocks behind the ridge that lay to the south of the lake, with Steve at his side, their hands just brushing, Tony should have been reassured. In fact, he was deep in worried thought. It had been a slim chance that becoming lovers would dissipate the cabin's pull. Distance, altitude or a good chunk of solid rock between them had been more hopeful.
The red-haired woman lingered a moment. "Say hello to Tony for me," she said, "and tell him I wish him well."
"Hi, Pep," he greeted.
Metal was cold under his fingers. The buckle was still there.
"It's a wild chance, but – put your hand here." Tony snagged Steve's right wrist and guided his hand to the hollows in the concrete.
But that didn't matter, because Tony was there, standing looking at him, his dark eyes huge in a too-pale face. Steve wanted, desperately, to sweep him into his arms, the way Hank had Jan.
In what Tony suspected was desperation, she called his PA to ask him to take a company jet out to Munich and hold the fort for her.
Tony stood frozen, almost wishing that he had found them conspiring or in sexual embrace. This was like being stripped naked, without the consequent sex.
It wasn't a
Meanwhile, Tony opened his backpack, dropped it on the ground, and let the armour encase him. Though Steve had disappeared from sight as he made his way across the roof, Tony knew instinctively that he was heading for the skylight that led to the kitchen at the rear.
"Well, the hurricane has started moving away into the Atlantic."
"No."
Steve blinked at the 'Carol' but didn't hesitate. "No. If no one has any relevant objections and we have enough fuel, we'll head to New York."
"I will cover your retreat."
Tony shivered, but forced his hand to be steady as he reached to ring the doorbell.
"We saw the Infinity Gauntlet," she pointed out. "It had melted and the Stones were gone. Thanos mocked us, told us we could never restore half the universe because the Stones no longer existed."
"Don't blame me," Steve said. "Jan made it." He swallowed a mouthful of his own coffee and pronounced, "I've tasted worse. A lot worse, actually."
"Sleep," said Tony, "is for the weak. I need a drink. And pizza and coffee. Jarvis!"
And Tony both loved and hated the armour at that moment; loved it because with the faceplate closed Steve could not see the expression on his face and hated it because he had to fight not to raise it, to kiss Steve. That would be disastrous.
The hammer reached the tower first, smashing through the steel and concrete. The missile followed in its path but, unlike Mjolnir, it never reached the other side.
Lips pressed tightly together, he moved on from the mutilated body – too close to the explosion, that one – and found the next was intact.
"Then take your happiness while you may." Thor rose to his feet. "I will come to your tower when I can and perhaps Jane will come with me. Now, though, I must make my peace with her. As you must with Steven."
"This isn't a TV show, Stark," Fury said testily.
A much larger, much slower-spinning disk flashed behind him on the HUD, but that wasn't a threat and the tiny, seemingly unstoppable buzz saws bounced off it.
The noise was like a continuous landslide.
Every eye turned to Hawkeye, who had an arrow – a lethal one, Tony realised suddenly – ready to fire at a tall, muscular man, who shouted 'soldier' from his buzz cut through his posture to his unfashionable boots – not to mention the Desert Eagle automatic in his belt and the Steyr AUG slung over his shoulder. His hands were raised well away from his guns, though his expression was, as far as Tony could tell, attempting to simulate amusement.
Then the ocean was still.
"Wasp," Tony said. "Delay them. I'm on my way. Jarvis, the wall. Remove it."
"I aim to please."
Tony leaned back against the pillows he had propped against the padded bedhead, and rotated his head and shoulders, pulling a face at the crack of bones in his neck. He stared up at the ceiling, ignoring the dance of shiny indistinct afterimages. Jan had retrieved one of his highly upgraded personal tablets from his workshop, and Steve a pair of reading glasses from his bedroom, which had made things easier, but he was suffering from information overload. Some of the jigsaw pieces seemed to be slotting together, but not enough to make sense of the whole picture.
"I always am," Tony claimed, with a grin that, he suspected, was about to become permanent. "About what, this time?"
She was... incredibly... beautiful.
Marilyn harrumphed. "Potts know that?"
A white road zigzagged up the eastern face of the mountain.
There was less than five seconds pause, then Jarvis said, "They appear to have lost them, but are still searching, sir."
"Tony, you bastard!"
You don't get me that easily, Cap, he told the absent Steve. All the same I'll just lie here for a while and take those painkillers, maybe.
Steve was on his feet, reaching for his shield. "They won't have missed that," he said.
After a while, the craft juddered, which seemed to be the signal for T'Challa to switch off the cloaking device. Bright daylight, unfiltered by water, flooded in. The craft was beached on a mud bank close to a forest-covered shore,  near a huge fallen tree three-quarters drowned in the water.
Tony was hot and sticky by the time they came out on the bank of a wide river. Walkways on stilts stalked out into the water, linking platforms on which stood brightly painted dwellings – too large and solid to be called 'huts' but too small to be called 'houses' – and rows of troughs overflowing with vegetation. The tide was out and the few boats remaining moored to the stilts bobbed against the lower rungs of the wooden ladders linking platforms and water.
"No, I didn't." Janet smiled impishly at Steve. "I'm making too much money from it." Her brow wrinkled. "Steve Rogers? Are you kidding me, Tony?"
"They're all dead, Tony. They're all dead."
The long boots slid onto his legs as if made specifically for them. "You're avoiding the issue. Why am I running – not that I could run even if Loki himself was chasing me? Should I be scared of what Odin may do to me – or Thor?"
Steve, who had always hated working alone, both empathised and found it oddly endearing – when he wasn't the target of it.
"A holographic projection?" Tony asked. Because there was something very familiar about it. "One of ours."
Steve carried his duffle down to the garage, where he found Tony rummaging in a large sports bag. It appeared to have been neatly packed – originally.
"She didn't ask about the artefact specifically, but she did ask if you and I were in touch. I thought she was playing away and didn't want you to know. I'm sorry."
"Do it!" Steve ordered, as Jan – full sized again – opened a locker close to the main hatch and heaved a parachute onto the floor. She paused to speak urgently to Betty as Steve carried suit-and-sunglasses forward, Shuri at his heels. Together, they inserted the unconscious man into the chute harness.
"Tony! Stop!" That was Pepper. Which meant that she could no longer distract Fury. "You promised me you'd never fly the armour while drunk!" She was trying to mask the resignation in her voice with anger, but it didn't quite come off.
That was definitely not good.
," he went on, "yet information that only you knew ended up in their hands, and information you weren't privy to didn't. Hill was with you at Vicstar Field, when there was an attempt on my life." He hardened his voice. "Was that connected with me changing my will?"
And he still had the Avengers, or rather, he had Steve and Bruce here right now.
Tony unclipped his seat belt and came to lean over his shoulder. "That's Pepper. You can't mistake that hair. Happy, plus car. And that's – oh, fuck it, that's Hill."
The sense that he was, he really, really was in the future and unable to return home hit him again, and he sat down hurriedly on the edge of the huge circular tub.
"You may think Oliver's Plot is in hick country but it sure ain't in Ireland. No shamrocks here. Besides, no leprechaun I heard of was green. Dressed in green, maybe, but not green-skinned and nekkid like a Martian or something..."
Tony hesitated. Ten Rings. He'd been in their hands. Yinsen had been killed by them. They might already have Natasha and Clint. Steve... "There could be anything down those stairs."
"We'll soon find out," Tony said, as his own firewalls parted under the assault of his Administrator's fifty digit passwords. "Aha! Jarvis, you there? Deploy the Mark IX prepped and armed to the co-ordinates I'm sending you now."
"Just get on it. Also look for high-energy signatures or, even better, energy dead areas. They may be using their cloaking device, or whatever it is."
He wasn't sure who he was pleading with. Certainly not God, who he didn't believe in, but maybe... would Odin look out for him? At least he knew that Odin actually existed in this time.
But Jarvis was already speaking. "Reception is calling you, sir."
"'Fucking grateful' – don't edit him, Miranda."
Even as it flew in, he heard Jean say, "Illyana, get out of here. Go back to the Professor and— no, go
Not important. What was important was that none of the other – Avengers – had come back here.
"Ancient One, your visitors," he said, and backed out.
"I was lousy at being a high schooler," Tony said, defensively. "My best friends nagged me into building suits for them, the girl I had a crush on turned out to be a supervillain, and so did the boy I had something of a crush on. And I helped him gain more and more power. I lost any chance of control of Stark Industries – and Justin Hammer was ruining it anyway – so I had to found my own company to—"
Whatever answer Cap might have given was lost in a dull crack that seemed both muffled and deafening. The penthouse shuddered. Tony's first thought as a long-term California resident was that it was an earthquake. But this was New York...
"I'm afraid this costume is ruined. Still, gives me a chance to re-design it."
"I never wanted that thing on my base," one of the two Air Force Colonels – Marchand presumably – growled feelingly.
Ignore that.
T'Challa turned to the crowd and raised his hands, then spoke in a carrying voice that quieted the noise of the assembly to a murmur.
And yet there was a flicker of warning in Steve's mind as he met Howard's eyes, however honest his gaze.
The Los Angeles skyglow was visible ahead of him when red flashed bright to his right.
Steve shuddered in a strange half-laugh. "Thank God you can't. I'd be so tempted to save Bucky, to save all my friends, but I couldn't do that, it would change things. You might ... might ... not even ... exist."
Bad science.  Really bad science. But most of it never made sense in the comic books either.
"When will you be back?"
Steve had just come back early from a run, persuaded to turn back by a gnawing apprehension that he put down to worry over Tony's safety. It wasn't logical, of course, and arriving back to find Tony unharmed and working, he hurried to take a much-needed cold shower.
Steve's mouth twisted. "You heard. From Howard?"
"So, you're supposed to be the engineering genius, Stark, and I guess you are. You also claim to be a patriot. Will you construct gear to help us move this – damn it, I refuse to call them 'space dragons'?"
"A hostile alien from another dimension," Tony said, at much the same time. "Though I won't dispute that it eats people."
"I sorta got that when you suddenly added that bit in about 'forsaking all others' into your vows," Tony said, but he sounded absurdly happy.
"Let's take a look at the closed circuit footage," Tony suggested, folding the Iron Man into a chair, which he wheeled close to the nearest console. Without taking off the gauntlets, he began to type.
It was Steve who brought Natasha and Clint into play in these conversations. He was, of necessity, matter of fact and business-like, but Tony could not hear his voice without the memory of waking in his arms, of making love (he might as well admit that that was what it was), of whispered endearments and moments of exquisite tenderness.
He came awake with a shout, lashing out at his enemies, but the hands that held his wrists were bands of vibranium steel.
"It wasn't Rhodey," Tony said again. "He's not dead. I mean, I've no evidence he's alive, but at least he wasn't in the suit. So there's that. Not that he'd ever give it up willingly. Maybe that's why he wanted to see me, I don't know. But what else could I have done, Steve? If he's dead... He still could be dead..."
"We can use it to get my lord to safety, and—" Okoye broke off as Hank Pym, clad in a pair of red coveralls, with the helmet Tony had built for him masking his face and blond head – for which Tony was pathetically grateful – appeared at her side.
Water would do at a pinch.
"Let her into the armoury." Tony was thinking quickly. "I'll send Steve around the back yard. Can you meet him, Dad, but first switch off the driveway monitors and the alarms in the backyard walls until he gets over them."
"Steve has suffered contusions and a strained shoulder, all of which are healing at his accelerated rate."
Four small metal crates lay close to the portal, which was only just visible as a blue-white shimmer in the air, barely brighter than the artificial light.
Bruce, who had his head in his hands, groaned. Of course, it by-passed Steve completely. Tony was going to have to educate him in the important things about the twenty-first century real soon now.
"Already done, sir. And the steel shutters are deployed."
"What about the Board?" Steve asked. "Won't the members have an opinion?"
Which was probably true, but all he felt was relief that he could stay here with Steve and his bots. Sometimes he was amazed that Pepper's clothes were still in his suite in the tower, though, to be honest, she was no longer in his bed as often as she used to be, especially when he was. Well, he certainly couldn't face her tonight. "In that case, I'm going to nap down here while Jarvis orders us up some pizza. The usual for me, Jarvis. Steve?"
? Well, he'd check on him later... or maybe sooner. Meanwhile, Jan would need his help to move Hank.
Steve said, "Not on your own. Maybe we could—"
It was then that Tony spotted the glint of stars.
"And you're smart. Yes, it is. Dad didn't know what he was building, didn't even know what Vita-rays were, and I'm betting that Erskine didn't really know either. What's more, that metal in your shield – vibranium – doesn't fit into the normal periodic table. That's because it's not composed of normal protons, neutrons and electron shells. Oh, it's not anti-matter, but there's something different about the arrangements of the quarks—"
"Or disintegrated." But Tony didn't believe it. His luck was never that good. "Okay, Jarvis, by tonight I want our own twenty-four hour camera surveillance on all the downed Chitauri troop carriers."
He wasn't sure he was ever going to come to terms with any of this, but he said, "Yes, thank you, sir," automatically.
Quickly, he rolled over, and reached up to grab Steve's arm.
Tony stepped forward to shake the hand of the man in the chair. "Professor Xavier. Thank you for agreeing to help us."
"No bones broken," the unknown, familiar voice replied. "He wouldn't hurt Barnes, even in an emergency."
Tony told himself.
you were
Jan stroked a hand through his hair. "All sorts of reasons. Because you're the nearest thing to a big brother I ever had. Because I'm not a tall blonde, and neither are you."
"Yes, thank you, Pepper."
He'd seen the sceptical look in the President's eyes all too often in the past. It spurred him into rushing on: "There's a cabal, most of them White House staffers, high-ranking officers in the Pentagon and members of Congress. If Sandro had swept up the east coast at strength five the election next Tuesday would have been handed to your opponent – if either of you were still alive to contest it. The cabal are your concern, Alison, but the people controlling the hurricane are mine. And they weren't human."
My life has come to this, Tony thought, as the sort-of SUV that Okoye had located and T'Challa and Steve had 'liberated' approached the cluster of graceful spires rising against the fading stars above the rain forest that spilled down to the edge of the lagoon.
Not for the first time, Steve tapped the edge of the device on his wrist, the controller that Tony had conjured from equations and theories and made time travel possible almost overnight. He watched as heavy green-tinged fingers pushed the switches.
"I truly don't know why he was obsessed with me, Tony. We weren't that close."
He opened an eye a slit, and finally identified where he was: in his workshop at the Tower, which explained why Pepper wasn't chewing him out.
"They kinda inherited the search. Only when they found him they listened to the shrinks, an' they messed up. It appeared Cap wasn't as good at taking orders as they thought he'd be—"
"I told you last night," Steve said, and his voice was beginning to verge on Captain America tones. "You have to explain yourself because I'm having trouble figuring out where you're coming from. Why you keep treating me like a lover, then not following through. Is it because you aren't any more experienced at gay sex than I am, because if so—"
"Is that so?" The scepticism now came from Gene.
Tony waited five minutes after Clint had gone before he climbed down the fire escape and made his way back inside.
"Then so were we. Jarvis was worried—"
Though Tony couldn't have articulated why he believed this or why it was so important.
"Of course not, sir. I assume all such questions are rhetorical."
Tony hesitated, wondering whether to lie, and saw the other man's expression grow bleak. He said, "All the Avengers made it to the battle. Not sure we would have done it without him."
Unable to speak, Tony shook his head.
Someone spoke close enough to his helmet and loudly enough for him to hear. "They didn't tell me to expect Iron Man but I expect they'll pay me a bonus, particularly when I bring them the armour—"
It was no use protesting that Jarvis could fly him home even if he was unconscious – Jarvis didn't and couldn't have a pilot's licence.
Pepper was shaking her head. "Calm down, yes. Understand? Intellectually, maybe. I was hoping... after the invasion... that he might be a little less self-centred. But caring more for the Air Force than Tony may be one of those invisible lines that, once you've crossed, you're locked out."
Tony looked down at the glass in his hands. "If you hadn't said that... maybe I...  maybe I wouldn't have thought I had to prove you wrong. So as I hung onta that nuke I was thinking about you and the gang and New York and that I really hoped Hulk had pasted a good one on Loki and then JARVIS suggested I call Pep—"
It was a pity he couldn't just release a missile and blow the tower to bits, but he wanted that tech – control of the weather, Christ, the lives he could save with that tech – so he would have to clean out the rats' nest by picking off the humans.
Clint raised an eyebrow at Steve as he took a chair beside John Storm and opposite Natasha, and he was frowning as he looked from him to Tony and back again.
"God, no. Or yes, but that was only because you asked me to spend the night with you."
"You're going to live with Stark? I bet you twenty bucks you'll be back within a month, soldier."
Pepper picked up the thumb drive. "I have to work late," she said, staring at it pointedly.
"Yes. Mr Stark needs help."
"So," Jan went on, still speaking in the same soothing voice was she helped Tony remove the breast and back plates. Tony concentrated on her words, trying not to remember those times when Steve had used his strength to free buckled plates that the bots could not. "I called up my private jet, chivvied Bruce and Hank – plus Hank's and my equipment – on board and told my pilot to follow Jarvis's instructions. Sit, Tony. Let's get those boots off."
"She was trying to contact you. I told her you'd done one of your infamous vanishing acts. Jarvis wasn't talking to anyone but, according to Potts, a couple of African ambassadors had gone to the Tower to speak to you, and then you and Rogers had left, presumably for East Africa. Where is Rogers, by the way?"
"Prince Thor is calling in. He says he must speak with Mr Stark," Jarvis answered.
Steve pushed the thought aside. Unless he had suddenly developed new super-powers, he ought to be within a few strokes of safety. The question remained: which way did that safety lie?
"I doubt that."
"It was called 'Stormbringer'."
Bracing himself, he glanced down at the dressing, which was crusted brown with dried blood, then screwed it up and threw it towards the wastebasket. His hands were shaking so much he missed.
He swallowed hard, determined not to throw up.
"No flag, just slapped some stickers on it: property of the USAF," the engineer replied promptly, disconcerting Tony, who had come to the conclusion that Rhodey's sense of humour was pretty much unique amongst middle to higher rank military.
He froze in horror, because all that weaponry would be as nothing if the helicopter's ray hit Tony—
and being creamed by the ape – but this was far bigger—
"Except the physical," and that was Howard himself. "Did you find him or any trace of him at AIM?"
"But you'll look for him." It wasn't a question.
Thor's huge hands closed on Tony's shoulders. "Anthony. Steven is not easy to kill and now he has much to live for. Remember, you yourself were out of touch with the Widow, Hawkeye and myself for far longer. And in more obvious danger."
Or perhaps that ought to wait, for the usually talkative Tony was, Steve noted, abnormally quiet as he flew them the eighty or so miles to McGuire. And what little he did say was through the Iron Man speakers, not Tony to Steve over the communicators. Of course, this might be because he was busy talking to Jarvis, SHIELD and the Air Force but, if so, Steve was not allowed to hear those conversations.
"He's your friend and loyal to you, Tony," Steve said. "He knows what that tech could be used for, and how much you'd hate that. He may be torn, but he won't betray you."
"Nah. Single syllable. Sharp. Descriptive. Female. Flies. Stings. I'll take it."
Steve was trembling. You couldn't see it, and the hands clasped in his lap were still, but Tony could feel the shake against his arm.
"Might?" Tony asked, with mild curiosity.
"You want me to stay here?"
"Or in that of the older Tony Stark who has now vanished."
The President was someone he had known well, during the time she had chaired the House Armed Services Committee (and the Senate equivalent, after she and her husband had become the first husband and wife to be elected to serve overlapping terms for any state.) By the time her husband had died of a heart attack she had become the Senate Minority Leader, and, though she had served out her term, his loss seemed to destroy her enthusiasm for Congress. Instead, within six months of leaving the Senate, she was Secretary of Defense.
"What?" Tony yelped. "I don't do hospitals. We're going back to the Tower."
"Not even your team-mates, apparently." Tony couldn't tell from Natasha's tone whether she was annoyed or simply making an observation. "Does Van Dyne know? Potts?"
"Nope," Tony said, interrupting in his turn. "Created by a German scientist. You know as well as I do that Erskine wasn't his real name. And then there was the Red Skull, also a product of that serum."
"You're telling us Potts would have passed that information to SHIELD?" Natasha was sceptical.
There was another oddity; those pyjamas ought to be flapping in a high wind. In fact, everyone on the tower, and possibly the tower itself, should have been swept away by now, even if they had not been struck by one of the tornadoettes.
T'Challa halted their flier on the edge of the rain forest, hovering on the very edge of a cliff that dropped vertically for several hundred feet.
What he found was instead was a garage, its armoured doors blasted from their hinges. The first thing he saw was a blonde woman sprawled on the floor, a golden facemask a few inches from her outstretched hand. Howard was running from parked vehicle to parked vehicle, occasionally firing blasts from an odd looking gun and dodging what looked like electrical discharges – lightning – flaring from the hands of what might be a humanoid robot or yet another man in armour – steel grey, this time.
Jan was nodding. "Doctor Reed Richards. I knew his fiancée, Susan Storm. She was on that rocket too. Her brother Johnny went into the Air Force and is now in astronaut training with NASA."
The room was flooded with light.
"You can't go back to the Brooklyn apartment. Even if it was habitable—"
Suddenly, there was a thin blade about three inches long in Shuri's hand, glowing white with the faintest hint of violet. It reminded Steve of her brother's Panther claws.
She was tall and lithe, her hair trimmed into a practical fuzz and she wore loose cotton pants and shirt, both contrasting strongly with the heavy gold necklaces that protected her throat and upper chest. Her stance was easily recognisable as that he had been taught in the classes on martial arts, in perfect balance. Whatever she was, 'warrior' had to be part of it. Hatut Zeraze? But T'Challa was relaxed on his seat.
They had only just arrived when Tony's voice spoke from Jarvis's hidden speakers. "Steve, I need you in the workshop. Jan, you'd better call Hank. If he's noticed you're gone he'll be frantic with worry by now."
But now Big Green Riding Hood had risen to his feet.
"Is he dead?" Steve asked.
He was interrupted by his cell phone's standard ring. Which was odd because Jarvis was monitoring the number and only letting through calls from a select list, all of which had identifying ring tones.
Steve grinned. "Your personal gundog? What else are partners for?"
Tony stared at him with widened eyes; then his surprised expression cleared. "You looked him up on the net, right?"
Jan said, "Because Tony and Steve are real popular with the public."
"Checking NCIC database. Possible identification as petty criminal Maxwell Dillon. Dillon was apparently involved in an accident and gained some minor ability to store electricity in his body."
"Sir, Ms Romanoff has just entered the building."
"Do you want it back, Gene?" Tony asked, with a mixture of hope and apprehension.
He thought he'd already worked out the answer to that, and it worried him. After what had happened to Bruce Banner, to Mallen and to far too many at Project X, you would have thought the government and their allies would have given up trying to create super-soldiers. But now they had a non-protesting means of obtaining the serum. Or had had.
It was all in motion now.
Tony groaned, stretched, snuggled against Steve and closed his eyes.
A body wearing one of the white and red nanotech suits he had built for travel in the Quantum Realm was sprawled on the floor twenty feet away. From here he could see its neatly coifed fair hair.
"Do that. Oh, and I resign." Tony said. "Yes, I know there's a penalty. I actually read contracts before I sign them. The money's already on its way to SHIELD's account."
"Who the hell are you?" he demanded, trying to put a threat into his voice.
"I took my first degree at Oxford. It's a family tradition," the girl added, "and my family is very traditional."
"What am I then?" Steve asked Clea, ignoring Tony. "Some sort of demon? Have I sold my soul—?"
Rhodey yesterday, and you knew I was upset and now—"
His hand snagged the edge of the spread wing and he used it to claw his way back up the fuselage until, sitting astride the 'neck' he unshipped his shield and hammered it home into the glass.. This time, it broke, and the shield scooped it away so he could somersault through the gap into the cockpit.
"We're both a little worse for wear – and no, Barton, alcohol was not involved, just my own hijacked tech. But if you insist... Jarvis, video link."
They halted and bowed their heads slightly in a gesture of respect – or possibly fear. Not a single one showed any surprise.
Iron Man whirled and sped towards the bright contact that marked the portal.
"No, sir. He is in a meeting with Ms Bartowlski."
"Lieutenant, did they put a transmitter on you?" Steve asked.
"I do not," Shuri said, "find that at all believable. I do not believe it is possible to synthesise vibranium. I do not believe that Hunter would ever do harm to Wakanda. And I certainly do not believe my brother would join your 'Avengers'."
"That does it," Steve said. "You need a few hours sleep before you can even think about messing with delicate electronics.”
"There's no one left alive down there," Tony reported, his faceplate raised for what must have been the first time since the armour had closed about him. He looked desperately tired, dark circles ringing those deceptively soft brown eyes, emphasised by skin that was much paler than normal, as if the stress had leached the tan away.
"I can't," Steve whispered, trying to find the words to explain when the simple touch set his guts churning and his heart thundering . "I can't, Tony. I need you. I don't mean sexually – though I want... to... I'm—" He shook his head and tried again. "You're my anchor. Without you, I'd be even more lost than I was in the ice. Everyone I... knew... is gone. I couldn't face that a second time, Tony. Could not. You've made me want to go on living here and now – but only if you're here. I need you," he repeated, hating the note of desperation creeping into his voice.
Tony's mind was racing as they made their way out of the inner compound. He was sure Steve could take out their escort at any time, with or without help from him, but the bowmen on the walls worried him, as they would anyone who had worked with Hawkeye. Nor, having encountered the spears, was he at all sure that the bows or the arrows were anything like as primitive as they seemed. Maybe these people didn't need guns at all, and the one Steve was carrying might tip the odds in their favour.
Through the evening Jarvis continued to work dealing with the malware downloaded onto Jan's minidrive, which he had pronounced to be the most sophisticated he had ever encountered. Tony retreated to the workshop where he was now working on upgrades to the armour. Steve suspected these were necessitated by this morning's underwater explosion, a speculation that made him anxious and touchy. Though Tony would welcome his company, even with the questions he wanted to ask, a nagging conscience (no doubt instigated by his mother's often voiced opinion) made it clear that it would be impolite to leave the Jan and Betty alone – and there was still the possibility that Betty was a security risk. So he accompanied them on their tour of the house and its many toys, but they were also edgy and found it impossible to settle, particularly when Jarvis interrupted to consult Betty on possible passwords.
"Yeah."
"Oh," Steve said.
Shock rippled through Tony – surely she couldn't know? – and it must have shown on his face, because Betty put a hand to her mouth.
Tony swore creatively, disengaged himself from Steve, who made no resistance, rose, and stormed towards the computer terminals. It gave Steve the chance to climb, much more carefully, to his feet.
Tony rose to his feet. He had made his decision: he would speak nothing but the truth about what had happened, though he might withhold some details. Though he might not have notes, cards or an electronic prompter, he had done this before, so many times. He simply imagined he was in an Avengers' briefing. "Okay. Listen up. The battle that took place in New York today was not just against the Chitauri and Loki: it was the opening salvo in a greater war. Loki was promised the rule of Earth in exchange for an Infinity Stone – the Space Stone, known here as the Tesseract – which had been in possession of Hydra during World War Two. Later it came into the hands of the US government and SHIELD.
"That's a surprise, but believe me, you're gonna love it. I'll be back as soon as I can – certainly by tonight. With all four of you here plus Nat and Clint working on the unencrypted files, I expect you will have solved everything by the time I get back." Tony's last words were spoken from the top of the stairs to the workshop. Not long afterwards, Iron Man took off, heading north.
"I see it, Jarvis." That was Hawkeye. "Kinda flying tank."
you want, Steve?"
bedroom?"
"I got tired of waiting for Stark to contact me about Jim," Danvers said, with a shrug.
Steve woke in a strange bed in a darkened room.
"And have you ever identified either the Black Widow or Hawkeye, under their real names, to Pepper, or anyone else?"
And came out onto a metal platform edged by waist-high railings. In the faint light coming through the crack he could see a rocky roof a foot or so above his head and a short flight of steps, perhaps ten feet of them, leading downwards into – what? A cave? An underground lab? A missile silo?
There was no heat signature in the Oval office. So the President was probably in the family residence on the second floor. Unless she was closeted with her campaign staff. Well, he'd see.
It seemed like years before Steve's fingers withdrew, and Tony took one breath after another, trying to contain his loss and his need. Then he heard the snap of the condom and grinned to himself.
"What's he saying?" he asked Okoye.
"You signed us in yesterday afternoon," Steve said, "in an real paper book. I can't find it."
He was damn sure that when T'Challa had left them alone and headed off into the mountain to 'meditate' he had been spying on their enemies... or looking for a way to do so.
Jan started forwards, but Steve's hand closed on her arm, holding her back.
"And they were right to be concerned. Hank's store included one hundred and nineteen samples of human genetic material collected during his graduate student days, all nicely anonymised with numerical codes. Except I know Hank well enough to know there had to be an index to those codes somewhere – there was for everything else. And he would never have taken an odd number of samples. But there was no trace of a hard copy. So—"
"My," Jan said, absently fluffing her hair, "your friends are jumpy, Tony. Do introduce us properly, darling."
A shock of pleasure, of desire, ran through his nerves, his stomach, his veins all cumulating in his groin. His hand wound into Tony's, and Tony gripped back, fierce and desperate, pulling him up onto the jetty.
Steve drew Tony's hand to his own lips, then said, "Sweetheart, what you need is to stop trying to run everything and give yourself time to think.”
There were four men, all dressed in some kind of uniform, but ludicrously unprepared. Only one of them reacted swiftly enough to get a hand to his gun.
As he neared the surface, Tony could see two kinds of light; the one that flickered was almost certainly the continuous lightning in the eyewall, but the other was white and steady and seemed to come from a single point.
Steve suspected a hammer would have done the job just as efficiently, but Tony did like blowing things up and it seemed a pity to spoil his fun.
Bruce looked down at his hands. "He listens to you and I just wanted to see... "His eyes lifted to meet Tony's." You're a volatile combination."
"And you believed him?" It was said mildly enough but it was a question that plainly shocked Natasha.
That hurt, far more that it should. Tony wasn't keen on being touched by strangers himself. But Steve wasn't a stranger.
"Hi, Cap," Tony said. "We have to stop meeting like this."
"You were caught in the shock wave, Mr Stark. We can't let you fly until the doctors have certified you're fit to pilot the suit."
Just before he fell beneath the fog, he saw tiny white balls of repulsor energy strike the aircraft—
"No. It is not Makluan," Clea agreed. "It is not, I think, of this particular universe. It comes from elsewhere. Perhaps even from the first universe from which our local multiverse sprang."
A man's voice, with a different accent, though still in English: "Is that possible – within the terms of modern scientific medicine, that is?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You sound more English than French."
But Tony's arm was tight across his chest, holding him back. "Don't, Steve. They're top SHIELD agents – the Black Widow and Hawkeye – you wouldn't stand a chance."
"That does not fill me with confidence, Tony. I would have preferred to be asked if I wanted to share my lab space with a prickly biochemist and his graduate student-girlfriend."
"Enough, Jarvis! I take it there are no humans in this imaginary nature reserve?"
Black-clad agents were massing around a large crane, which had been moved to the edge of the carrier deck, and were readying a boat for launch, but Fury was easily identifiable, standing back watching critically as Hill bossed the proceedings.
When Tony came back to awareness the clatter of helicopter rotors had changed to the almost inaudible purr of a well-tuned auto engine, almost drowned by the swish of tyres on a wet road, but both reverberated from one side of his skull to the other. Even before he opened his eyes, he knew he was lying in a seat in a limo, reclined as far back as it would go, with the seat belt on, a pillow under his head and a blanket tucked around him.
Then Tony was gone, though no doubt Jarvis would continue to feed him every word that was said.
Tony shrugged, though his shoulders were stiff with tension. "Jarvis monitors everyone in the Tower; you know that, or you should – you ask him where I am, often enough."
While T'Challa dragged the unconscious men inside and bound them securely, Tony seated himself at a terminal. Within moments, he had access to the internet, and was threading his way through his own security.
"The building does appear to be intact, sir."
"There is someone or some organisation which has been trying to kill me. That organisation has what appears to be the equivalent of a
Tony forced his eyes open. Nothing about the HUD had changed, but beyond that, outside in the ocean, there was a flickering light.
That hurt. He really had tried. But he could give as good as he got. "Is that your excuse for betraying me to SHIELD?"
"Tony asked me to stay here," Steve said. "To guard... Betty." He didn't think Jan would take kindly to Tony's implication that she herself needed looking after.
"According to Betty, the military were willing to use Bruce's blood to produce something akin to the Hulk, which then ran amok in Harlem. Only the Hulk stopped it," Jan said.
Pepper said: "It's a beautiful house but everything in it, every line of the building, every facility is yours; your design, your taste, your needs – with all your security and surveillance devices. So no. Thank you, but no. I need to leave all that behind."
Ahead of him, a man was sitting in the centre of a strange contraption that looked like nothing so much as a reconstruction of the control systems of a Wright Brothers era plane. He looked back, saw Steve, and screeched, lunging towards a large, conventionally red button set high on the side of the cockpit. Steve used his shield to intercept the lunge and the screech turned into a scream of agony that broke off short as Steve's fist drove the air from the pilot's lungs and probably shattered his ribs.
Steve's heart dropped clear through the soles of his sneakers. "Without me? Tony, you can't—"
But it took Steve too long to catch his own breath afterwards. By the time he had it under control his victim was showing signs of returning consciousness. Pulling himself together, he grabbed the pillows from the bed, pulled off the pillowcases and ripped them up, using the first length to gag his victim and the next to bind his hands.
Tony was suddenly cold. "They could not have known I'd be in the limo. I didn't know myself. Christ, Pepper. Pepper was going to take the limo..."
"Jarvis, locate the source," Tony ordered. Then, to Steve, "Where's Thor when you need him?"
But it was strange that they hadn't interrogated either of them, given that they had a very effective truth drug. If they wanted the arc reactor or the armour tech that was the swiftest way to get it.
Not waiting to see what happened, he took to his heels in Okoye's wake.
It didn't sound much like a negotiation to Tony; more like an ultimatum. Fury didn't like ultimatums, but he was loyal to his staff. It would need careful handling.
When it didn't, and, indeed, the penthouse's huge windows remained intact and its walls uncracked, Tony found his voice. "Call 911, Jarvis. Police, medics, and – though I can't believe I'm saying this – inform SHIELD. Damage report?"
was the message Tony carried with him, first to the penthouse for a quick shower and a change of clothing, then to his workshop, and finally to the Avengers conference room.
"Well, Tony, what do you think?"
"JARVIS?"
"I played the horse-crazy woman to perfection," Lori said. "That pair now know far more about breeding Arabs and Andalusians than they ever wanted to."
"You must understand," Cheyo said, "that we are not here on our own initiative and," – his face clouded suddenly – "we are not used to being treated as messenger boys. It is not... dignified."
For a few moments, a few tight breaths, it seemed that nothing would happen, then something moved in the dim light of the ARC reactor, and a brighter, yellower glow spilled out from a widening doorway. Before Tony could say anything Steve was already in front of him, outlined against the light, stepping forward with complete confidence into whatever lay beyond.
"Well, that's out of left field," Steve said. "You heard of this Wakanda?"
"Someone was trying to get rid of all that remained of the Chitauri in New York without caring who they killed doing it," Steve said.
"But using a
At least the buildings he could see looked like a pre-Snap American city. As he'd been heading for New York in 2012 he could presume that was where he was. Given a second look, it seemed vaguely familiar; Greenwich Village, maybe?
He had checked Jarvis's security again, this time hoping that he would find that elusive back door in the AI's programming (and, damn it, SHIELD had been able to override Jarvis's protocols before) but without much hope. Jarvis already knew many things that SHIELD and the government would love to steal, including the atomic structure of vibranium and the identities he had created for the Black Widow and Hawkeye. Those, as far as he could tell, remained secure.
He didn't really remember being carried through the corridors or into the elevator, but he woke up as he was being unwrapped from the comforter. The sheet beneath him was silky on his skin but he missed Steve's warmth.
No wonder Tony doesn't like me, Steve thought. I've obviously been held up as some sort of paragon. Aloud, he said, "Well, if the five of us can't come to a unanimous decision—"
Finally, they saw a sliver of light ahead. It proved to be a crack in the rock that even a full sized Jan could have passed through easily, and the Panther could probably have wriggled through with some effort. It was certainly large enough to allow them a perfect view of the large floodlit cavern beyond.
As if Fury would reject someone with their very own battle armour.
"Again," Thor said, with a quick smile. "Only this time I still seem to be worthy of my power."
"How about everything you touch explodes?"
Steve never paused in his stride, just adjusted his course slightly.
Steve's jaw was jutting dangerously. He stared at Tony for a long moment, then turned away and strode for the door.
"Indeed, Steve, you have not. Though it was far worse when he was dying of palladium poisoning. I take it you do not require pizza."
"Yes. Probably incredibly handsome and capable, half in love with his employer and armed to the teeth. Jan's a qualified pilot, but she'll have ridden shotgun on this one."
Though Steve was trying to ignore the sense of the words, he couldn't stop his lips twitching at that.
"Bruce was concerned," Jan continued, "but said that you must have a reason for accepting that invitation and that it must be a good reason if Steve was letting you get away wi— Oh, Tony. I almost forgot. I'm so sorry."
"Tony's out of bed?"
"You're wrong," Tony said, with certainty. "Vision is already on the case. On Hydra's case too, as it happens. He's liaising with Fury and Sharon Carter, and Natasha and Wanda are working with him. They may not care about Barnes personally but they know how much he means to you, Steve, and they'll do everything they can to break him loose and save him. Promise me you won't interfere."
"Yes?" Tony asked.
"Tony, up—"
There was a sharp command in what was probably the same language in reply, and then the voice demanded, in English, "Mr Stark, how did you obtain the vibranium you are using right now."
"Which will then blow up, yes?"
"I wish I had that much faith in my probity," Tony said wryly. "But... but... if you believe that..."
Now it was Tony's turn to take a quick breath of surprise, one he suspected, from the pregnant pause, was something Fury had also taken.
"Yes. Though Betty's a nickname. I'm Dr Elizabeth Ross," Betty said, offering her hand.
"Then you'd better tell me about them."
He lost everything that mattered.
Steve sighed. He knew that that reflection of his own arrogance would provoke Tony and, indeed, as soon as he had extracted himself, his partner glared at their rescuer, who had turned in his seat and was watching them with a faint air of amusement.
"Indeed, I was there. Nor were the enemy expecting me." This was followed by an evil chuckle. Then Thor added, in a much more sober voice: "If they had been, they would have sent the Asgardian witch."
Growling to himself because if he'd not had to leave his shield to protect Tony and Pepper he could have brought the assassin down easily, Steve leaped up onto the roof, lowered his head and pounded after him. After all, there was nowhere for the guy to go...
Nowadays, much as various churches railed against it, it was acceptable, even in the Army. Against God's law? Tony didn't believe in God and Steve, who did, wasn't sure that any religious leader today knew what God's law was, or even whether he had laid down any law at all. SHIELD's chaplain had been a witch, for pity's sake, who had smiled benevolently and told him that, "An' you harm no one, do what you will."
Howard's lips tightened in an obvious attempt to keep his response internal, and it was in that awkward pause that the computer's voice entered the conversation. "Rescue is approaching the armoury."
"Come this way," Xavier said, swinging his wheel-less chair around in the air. "We can talk in my study."
Tony knew exactly what JARVIS was asking. He took a deep breath, let it out, and shook his head.
"Christ! I'm not a fucking medieval cardinal."
"No, no, no!" Tony was shouting. "Don't argue with me, Potts. I will
Except that he couldn't, couldn't have done so anyway, with Jan injured, and with the certainty she would have insisted on coming with him – and right now he couldn't even argue with her.
"And there's always Heimdal. He apparently saw – sees – everything," Natasha added.
"And you've found someone to do that." It wasn't a question.
It wasn't the same as when he'd been blinded.
Natasha and Clint exchanged glances.
Tony pulled a face at that, but he was silently impressed.
"And you don't think it's kosher. Well, I'd have doubts if Fury told me my own name, so I'm with you all the way on that. Apart from a general disinclination to trust Mr Number One Spy, why do you think there's something fishy about this data? Not that mistrusting Fury isn't reason enough."
Only one of the players was distressingly familiar. He had plainly drunk too much tonight. He was seeing Avengers everywhere...
"Sure you could ... but I've seen film of the last time you crawled into it when drunk."
There were three riders, and they drew up in a swirling group; Thor, on a tall red animal with a mane and tail that shone gold under the stars, the Lady Sif on the fiery black, and a green clad, green cloaked man on a pale grey that seemed to merge into the background of the fog that clothed the city. The latter leaped down, throwing back his hood to reveal himself as Fandral.
Tony was now thinking very quickly indeed. "They're not wiping or corrupting any data?"
"That's what Dr Selvig says. And Thor. But we can't even see it right now."
Did he mean...? Even if he didn't, Tony could do this, could be there for him, whether or not there was sex involved. Though he hoped like hell there was. He said, "You won't. Promise."
"Do you want me to beg? Because I will." It was said with no hesitation at all.
"Not compared with this," Steve made a wide gesture that took in Tony, Bruce, the computer display and the whole lab.
He had just tripped over a root when Steve caught his arm, raising a finger to his lips, then pointing at the buildings below.
Steve shrugged, willing himself not to wince.
"Good, we'll be going then." Tony clanged to his feet, started forward and then, realising he had no idea which of the slightly darker patches against the dark grey background was actually the door, stopped dead, and demanded, "Where's my helmet?"
"And what happened after. You pushed me away. Treated me like one of your one night stands."
"What have you done to him?" Tony shouted, wriggling away from both of them.
"You all right?" he demanded, holding Tony still without apparent effort.
Then the sky was steady above him and Tony realised, far too late, that once again Steve was throwing himself between him and danger, whatever the cost.
Tony lifted himself on his elbows and peered down at him. "Why not?" he asked. "I mean, there are all sorts of reasons why not, but you've been pretty enthusiastic until... What is it then? Sudden attack of 1940s' morality?
Tony abruptly dropped his hands. "And exhaust yourself even more carrying its weight? That's supposed to be better? Steve, please don't make me order Jarvis to keep you confined here."
"Yeah, just as
The sergeant raised his own pewter cup in a half-ironic salute. "Can't make up their darn minds if this is a military funeral or a PR exercise," he growled. "Phil wouldn't've wanted a fuss, but he'd be honoured to have you here, Mr Stark."
"It was just shock," Tony lied. "My heart's fine now, Dad."
"This." Marilyn pushed a small hard case, presumably containing a cell phone, across the desk. "She said the company had issued it to her, but she'd forgotten to hand it back. But she was also insistent that I give it only to you, personally, and that there was something on it you needed to see."
"Use these things to our advantage. You ready?
"Well fuck me." Tony stared down at the invitingly intact mechanism which showed no signs of blowing up. "Let's get you to Uncle Erik and find out what makes you tick. Then we may go visit your creators."
The data blurred in front of his eyes.
Tony needed a drink – several, and badly. "Tough," he snapped. "Call for a pool car and driver. Jarvis, if anyone needs me, tell them to call Happy in the limo. I haven't decided which club or bar I'm frequenting yet." He stamped towards the elevator.
The attack was suicidal.
"So she asked me what I'd have said if I had gotten through to her, and I didn't actually remember – so I said I'd've thought of something—"
"Fuck," Tony said.
On the surface, the complex of buildings behind the chapel appeared deserted. So, instead, Tony flew them to the ornate wrought-iron entrance gates, now closed, through which they had entered earlier in the day. These were now like something out of a Dracula movie, the spotlights that that would normally have thrown the black-and-gold into sharp relief reduced to tiny clouded suns behind the billows of fog. As they landed neatly in the road just outside the gatehouse, close enough to be in – slightly misted - view of anyone inside, they could see the windows were softly lit.
"Assisting first responders. There's no intelligence, and they say this Ten Rings group isn't— hey!"
"And now you're accusing me of trying to murder you for your money. What happened to you in Africa, Tony? Brainwashing?"
"I wasn't told either," Steve said.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Don't tell me
Steve's face twisted in a bitter grimace. "No, it's lucky I'm not calling myself Captain America anymore. Isn't it?" He took several deep breaths, then looked up into Tony's eyes. "If it came to that, I'd back you – but I trust you – trust us – not to let it happen.
"He's Horace Hogan, but stick with Happy. I do. And if you took a dip in the bay you definitely need a shower. The Hudson's polluted. Go, go get showered and changed. I'll get dinner. You must be famished. Tony might even be back by then. Steak and fries and a salad?
"So she's managed to avoid recapture since," Steve said. "But why did she try to break in here?"
Still hanging onto Steve to give himself some basis in reality, Tony hiccupped, then said, "Hmm. Research lab."
"Would depend on how much he wanted to interview Storm. He could have gotten to Vandenberg before the plane landed, or even intercepted it."
"Pepper isn't my girlfriend," Tony protested.
"But—" But Pepper had tried to keep Natasha away from him, had told him firmly that he couldn't have her on staff, had been – damn it – jealous...
He knew. Of course he knew. It had been twisting his guts ever since they had arrived in the lobby of Stark Tower, but all his instincts demanded deflection. "Returned the Time Stone to this time and place?" he suggested, waving a hand at the amulet that nested in the robes that weren't quite saffron, nor yet cream. "Which considering how I feel about magic and wizards – except Wong, I'll make an exception for Wong – is a tribute to my respect for Bruce..." He petered out under the Ancient One's unwavering gaze.
"Vibranium?" he was astonished to hear his own voice, and reached desperately for control. If he couldn't stop himself talking maybe he could nudge himself into his habitual diversionary tactics. "Rumour has it that's the stuff my father used to create Captain America's shield but I've never laid hands on the stuff—"
Tony had tried to make light of Pepper's betrayal – if it really was a betrayal – but it must have been traumatic for both of them.
Besides, with any luck, it would make him look older. And a bit badass. Maybe he could make it a Tony Stark trademark...
"I knew it seemed vaguely familiar, but couldn't figure out why. Among other things you missed while auditioning as an iceberg, a British guy called Michael Moorcock wrote several series of books whose characters were all incarnations of an 'Eternal Champion'. One of those characters was called Jerry Cornelius."
"Jarvis" he shouted again, snatching up North's knife and severing the ropes around his ankles. As the armour came rocketing towards him, he spread his arms and it enfolded him like a lover.
"And I didn't want to steal your thunder," Hank added.
"Gone," Tony said, spreading his hands. "Vanished. I offered them to a thrift shop and they were insulted."
The smell of burning plastic and wire almost overwhelmed the smell of gasoline, then the robot collapsed under him.
"And the Pentagon?"
Selvig raised a hand. "
Running his hands up and down the rough concrete, he found five small indentations, and a much larger one lying below and half-enclosed by them.
Tony brought his hands down, angling the repulsors not just to repel the blades but to change their flight path. Behind him, he knew without watching the HUD display that Steve had done the same with his shield.
But today, in particular, felt like a bad dream, which had culminated in the nightmare that was seeing Peggy's name on a headstone, but hadn't ended there. Maybe he
"Where's Steve?" he asked, hearing the querulousness in his voice and cursing himself.
"What the hell happened to my helicarrier, Stark?" Fury demanded, raising his voice to be heard above the din.
"Tony did. I did. Jarvis and Pepper did. The guys at the plant Tony went over to meet—"
"And have an eidetic memory," Bruce noted. He took a deep breath. "I vote to destroy it. And I say that as your friend, rather than a scientist. Though I should know just how damn dangerous the super-soldier technology can be."
"No they aren't. HUD is dark..." Even as he spoke, Tony realised if that the problem wasn't electronic, it could be biological.
"If we can trust a guy in black."
Within moments they were back at the shadowed room through which they had first entered the building, following the warriors out of the great bronze doors into the early evening. The humidity was like being slapped in the face with a hot towel. Though the sky was still bright in the west, the shadows were long and midnight black. Within less than half an hour it would be night.
Steve sighed. "Tony – Tony Stark – can synthesise vibranium. King T'Challa had been in contact with him and they'd come to an... an arrangement. But there was a coup in Wakanda. Hunter – White Wolf – took over. He had allies. Their price involved him luring Stark into Wakanda so they could kill him, but Hunter thought that before he handed him over he could use him as bait to take the Panther prisoner. It didn't work. Together, the Avengers helped T'Challa take back Wakanda."
"Ready all weapons systems, Jarvis."
"Damn right we have."
"What's that?" Steve pointed to a flash of red and gold. Though it was only moments since Iron Man had vanished into a bank of cloud, he was now, impossibly, standing on the drive below the house. The figure beside him wore battleship grey armour, festooned with weapons. "We just saw Tony – Iron Man – leave. And that isn't the Rescue armour, surely?"
"Back on the ground and apparently crippled," Widow answered.
"And you're invited to the wedding, but only if you get the hell out of here and let us sleep."
"Why didn't you tell me?" Steve demanded, striding forward so that he loomed over Tony, who rose to his feet, though he knew that would only decrease the height difference, not eliminate it.
"You can supervise," Bruce told Tony, "but first we all need to eat. Then I'll examine those ribs."
"It is not how a Sorcerer would explain it, but essentially correct."
"It wasn't Rhodey."
"Don't give me that!" Danvers spat. "War Machine was spotted over the coast only twenty miles from here four days ago."
The Panther rounded on Tony, "No! He... escaped. Ordered those loyal to him not to fight back and went into hiding."
"Perhaps. But right now— Wakanda— is— " The Panther took a deep breath to steady himself. " A group of mercenaries appeared right in the heart of Wakanda, and the Hatut Zeraze allied with them."
And the HUD went dead. So did all the control servos.
"Damn you, Tony Stark," Pepper said, her voice suddenly quiet. Though her cheeks were now flushed and her eyes bright with unshed tears, she was in command of herself and her voice was steady. "Do you want me to leave right now?"
"I wish." Marilyn said wryly.
Tony realised he was shivering in the climate-controlled armour, and didn't know why. Sure, this accident had its elements of horror, but he had seen far worse and the armour had always enabled him to maintain a little emotional distance. Not now. Now he was shivering and scared which he shouldn't be, never was in the armour, and he didn't know why.
Thirty-seven.... thirty-eight—
Pepper gave him a long hard look. "Business. So I— your friends – come way behind business and science and fucking anything that moves. Okay, Tony, you win. Keep your damn secrets. And tell Whitney that I wish her luck."
"I'd've thought you of all people— I mean there's disrespect and there's
The three men turned to face the slender, dark haired woman, who stood with her hand resting lightly on her holstered handgun even though she had a dozen black-clad SHIELD agents at her back.
Tony and Steve have chosen to assist T'Challa in regaining his kingdom and defeating their joint enemies.
"Perhaps. Not everything here is clear. Take my hand. Let us see if we can penetrate the mists."
"Damn it, Tony—"
There was a trace of delight in Tony's voice now. "Oh, deflection. Using my own tricks against me. Oooo-kay, how did you come to be in my workshop in the first place?"
"Do you want us to elect someone to talk to her, Tony?" one of the non-Execs asked.
Steve tossed aside the pad and his concerns at the same moment. Damning the consequences, he almost leaped into Tony's arms.
"Says the man who turns green because of the action of gamma rays," Tony snapped. "So maybe you should be the one who thinks there is something wrong with modern theoretical physics."
"The MPDC have been alerted by SHIELD and put up roadblocks, sir."
"You're... "
"But we
"Uh. No. Why should you think that?" The words were out of Tony's mouth before he realised it might have been better to let Marilyn go on thinking just that.
you ... and you chose
"Science that you do not yet understand," Thor told him, but it was plain he was not paying attention. He frowned down at Steve's body, though Tony could have sworn he was not really seeing it, his expression confused, conflicted.
It was a minute or so before either of them spoke.
"Which is the reason I called you," Thor said. "Jane and Selvig will not leave their equipment. I cannot both protect them and move them and it to safety."
"Bruce," he said. "Boy, the speed of that change is impressive, buddy, but it's not Hank's fault. All right, it might have been Hank's fault at that, but that doesn't mean you get to batter him to a pulp."
"Marilyn wants to see you. She's been waiting at least forty-eight hours with some hardcopy—"
Tony had lived his life with the knowledge that, if he was involved, these things were seldom accidental. He bore Jan to the floor of the limo, but she suddenly vanished from beneath him, leaving her clothes in a patch of scarlet on the floor and taking to the air in a flash of wings.
Like magic.
"I gave my word—" their passenger was protesting.
Iron Man repulsored his way through it, and the unibeam illuminated the life support tank.
As they left the room, the Ancient One said, casually, "So you have stolen his time travel device."
It had been five days since he had last seen any of the other members of the Avengers Initiative. Fury had sent Natasha and Barton off on some mission or other, Thor was somewhere in Asgard (and boy, was he having problems getting his head around that), and Bruce had, apparently, taken up Tony's offer and was now quartered in what was left of Stark Tower. Steve himself had ignored Fury's orders and, in Army fatigue pants, combat boots and t-shirt, had spent his time helping to clear up the mess that Loki and his minions had made of New York.
"Oh, I'm
Tony gave a bark of laughter. "Have you met Black Panther, or Nat, or Vision? They don't follow anything but their own consciences. But your people weren't fighting for something they believed in, but for
"Yes. I thought you knew that. It's a risk, but I'm thinking that manufacturing that element costs a fortune, but that there must have been a natural source available to my father and that, if we're totally honest, it might become available to us."
The Iron Man flew south, following the California coast, the stars bright above and the sea and cliffs dark below, the lights of cities and houses streaking by to his left, with only the very occasional flash of navigation lights to relieve the blackness to his right.
Thor listened to Tony's story without speaking, but his eyes changed from their normal sky blue to something dark and, well, thunderous; bright fire flickered in their cold, iron-grey depths.
Putting aside his own feelings, Tony kept him company, even when he insisted on swimming in the currently icy waters of the lake. However, it turned out that Extremis had also enhanced Tony's metabolism, so neither he nor Steve froze to death.
Steve's voice shook in his agony. "N-not what I want. Never what I want. But what I have to do."
Thor smiled back. "Sleep can wait for some time yet."
"I take it from that your cover is blown?"
"Damn stupid place for the Defence Department to send their one and only superhero, don't you think?" Danvers replied. "If Jim was there. But he isn't. When I couldn't contact him – either through official channels or on his cell – I wangled an inspection visit. I was told Jim was on a visit to the Academy in Colorado Springs, but the current Commandant is a friend of mine. He isn't there, and hasn't been there in the last few years."
"... a semi has broken down on Interstate 44..."
And it was 'distracting'.
Once the shirt was draped over the back of a chair on top of the jacket, Tony knelt to pull off Steve's boots, then reached to unbuckle his belt. "How does this work? Oh, nice. Invisible and intangible Velcro. Good trick, Asgard." Then Tony was pulling at his waistband and stripping him naked.
Tony, contrary to all expectations, had been out of bed before him, a new coldness in his manner, all his prickles out, tongue razor-sharp and ready to cut Steve to ribbons.
"Through now, sir."
"Maybe that's the fault of modern day physics," Tony retorted. "You want me to upgrade your weapons, Rhodey? Just leave the suit in the Tower workshop—"
"Developed from that," Jarvis said. "Which is why in the UK they consist of letters and numbers while in the US they are just numbers. They are also used by route finders and electronic mapping. Those for Winchester start with SO, for Southampton, the nearest large city."
Tony blinked at him in surprise. "Never seemed like the right time," he admitted, a little wistfully.
"Sure, sure." Tony disengaged himself from Steve and limped out of the room. Steve stared after him for a moment, wondering if he should have stopped him and, if so,
"Because I knew people would ask her and I didn't want her to have to lie to them," Tony said cheerfully. "What's so urgent, Rhodey? I'll be back in New York in a couple of weeks."
"What happened?" Tony demanded.
He looked down at his bare, pale skin and shivered.
"That gap won't stop a determined assault," Steve said.
"I'm working on it..." There was silence for a while as Steve dismissed report after report. Lights were going out and changing colour on the map in patterns that he hoped would, eventually, be significant.
Tony, his mind on his long day burgling SHIELD's research facilities on Steve's behalf, blinked. "Girl?"
"I don't see how he can resist," Iron Man said, rising into the air, with the transporter floating on its repulsors beside him. "I'll be in touch. Take care."
"Well, he certainly didn't mean to kill
A green-tinted three-dimensional image of Howard appeared in the centre of the room.
"Ha! Malibu is not LaLa land – it's much worse," Tony told her. "And you can never interrupt, so don't apologise. I never do."
"Great. Jan, Betty and I have been working through the files Jarvis has marked as important. Seems as if Ross has been negotiating with SHIELD to buy samples of my blood—"
"It's the Pentagon's business," Rhodes shot back, confirming Tony's worst fears and feeding his growing sense of betrayal. Rhodey could, at least, have given him a heads-up before arriving at the Tower.
Steve told himself.
"The Maria Stark Foundation accounts are open to the usual inspections," Tony told her. "Yes, the reporter from Reuters?"
"So, Tony still doesn't trust Pepper," Howard observed. "Even if he is finally talking to her."
"You haven't tasted it yet."
"I'm not even going to ask..." Steve, Tony was sure, was rolling his eyes.
Tony looked flustered and a little guilty as he closed the keyboard. "Umm. What?"
Natasha, on the other hand, fixed Tony with that assessing stare. "I'm sure you and Jarvis will work out what happened," she said. "Meanwhile, we ought to pre-empt the inevitable questions and announce Captain America's death in action."
"My speeded up metabolism makes me run a couple of degrees hotter than most humans," Steve said, letting his hand fall. Tony didn't feel as cool as he should, but there couldn't be more than a degree in it, if it wasn't Steve's imagination. "C'mon." He jumped to his feet and held out a hand to Tony. "Let's get out of the heat and find out what horrors Hank and Bruce have cooked up while we've been talking."
But not red roses. Tony knew that red roses signified love, passion. Red rosebuds would have looked great with the blue things, but Steve had chosen not to include them.
"They're good," Steve said quickly. "But, Thor, I may have to ask for your help. How much control do you have over the weather – specifically, storms? In this case, a hurricane."
"Why? It isn't your fault you're you. Or that my Dad was right about someone for once in his life." Tony didn't sound angry, but the resignation in his voice was dreadful. "Or that I couldn't see past that before it was too late."
"Which is why he fought on your side," Steve said.
Hill shook her head at him. "Stark, Banner is immensely dangerous, Rogers is suffering from PTSD, grief and culture shock, Barton needs medical help after being screwed over by Loki and Romanoff requires just a small shove to turn back into the amoral killer she was before Barton recruited her. Director Fury thinks you'll all come back when you're needed, but how sane any of you will be is another matter."
"And speaking of portals," Tony said, the hologram displays swirling around his hands, "Selvig's started uploading his work on those pesky portable quantum-bridges. Hey, looks like Foster's had some input too. She thinks they're more closely related to the sort of Einstein-Rosen Bridge used by the Asgardians. Which, you know, would make sense if whoever created it was working with rogue Asgardians – or Norns, whatever."
Then pain overwhelmed him, and he was once again sinking into cold and darkness.
"She any good at being a superhero?"
Maybe what had thrown him earlier was that Pepper looked so grown-up. It was certainly a contrast to the way she had looked when he had escorted her to the Tomorrow Academy High School prom – and then abandoned her for an emergency that had needed Iron Man. Today she had stalked out of the elevator in a designer dress, immaculate make-up that hid her hated freckles and four-inch heels. Well, she was going to get a shock if she thought they would make her taller than him.
"I cannot detect any weapons, sir."
"No, just to my security." Tony was firm. "And I'm trying to understand the actions of yours. What incompetent allowed you to make an unscheduled return to the White House when it was right in the path of Hurricane Sandro?"
Tony had found who or whatever was controlling the storm and stopped them or it; they were all sure of that, but no one claimed to know what had happened to him afterwards.
"Why would anything be wrong? Why should you think that? You have a suspicious mind, woman."
"The first might be possible, though not from here, but we do not have compatible cell phone connection with the outside world; the large deposits of vibranium in the mountain produce interference in the microwave frequencies used for cell phone transmission and reception."
Tony didn't want to think about all Pepper had left. In fact, he wanted to think about anything rather than that. "Steve," he said. "When I woke up earlier I heard you asking for some help from Jarvis and me. I guess we both owe you – so ask away."
Steve saw no reason to hide his identity in the current circumstances. "I'm Captain Rogers," he said. "Iron Man's working partner. The voice belongs to Jarvis, Stark's... butler."
"The enemy of my enemy is my ally," Tony said. "At least while our interests stay in line."
"What about the rest of Wakanda? Will they accept the results of the coup? Or will they put up resistance?"
"Sorcerer Supreme?" the man who had brought their food was standing in the doorway.
"Thor not only attracts trouble, he seeks it out," Fandral said, with a grin. "Which is why you are here and alive." He quirked an eyebrow at Steve, plainly asking for an invitation to go on.
. Got that? But when you do, which I suspect will be as soon as I've finished this call—"
Even as Stark Tower on that fateful day in 2012 materialised about Steve, he had a moment to realise that something was horribly wrong. Instinctively, he  reached for his non-existent shield... when case containing the stones exploded in his hand, a rainbow flash hurling him across the wrecked lobby, his shoulder burning as if Tony's arc reactor had embedded itself there.  He had just a moment to curse himself for his mistake before he crashed to the floor and lost consciousness
"No one is more surprised by that than I am," Steve said ruefully. "The last thing I remember is having a crazy telepathic conversation with a local god who was plainly terrified of Asgard. He— she— it— The Panther god had some sort of magical barriers in place – I pleaded for... for it to remove them, hoped that Jarvis had sent the Iron Man armour after Tony – Tony Stark."
"In far too much detail," Bruce said, putting a too-helpful hand on Tony's shoulder to keep him on the couch as Steve headed for the kitchen.
"Well, yeah, this is SHIELD, buddy. After the Avengers split, Fury thought Cap would drop right back into his place with us but that wasn't happening. So he planned to tug on the leash to bring Cap back into the fold, convince him he'd be safer with SHIELD."
It was Jarvis who answered. "We've lost contact, sir. The storm is giving off massive amounts of energy. The readings are off the scale." He paused, and Tony realised, with delight in his creation, that it was for effect. "The only parallel readings I can find were taken just outside the town of Puento Antiguo by Dr Jane Foster."
The stranger looked askance at Hank, and shifted the rifle on his arm, as if finding that reassuring. "What happened to your side windows?"
"Oh, I'm not so sure about that. But at least she held off killing me until we arrived here," Steve said, forcing a grin which widened into a real smile as Natasha and Clint spilled from the second elevator.
"Everyone know each other?" he asked breezily, seating himself with a studied casualness, though in truth he didn't hurt as much as he'd expected. "Good. We'll start with you, Danvers. Did you have a nice chat with the Air Force secretary?"
Steve was watching Tony, his expression so conflicted that Tony could not bear to see it.
It started with a message from Travis tower. As they were making their descent, with the bridges of San Francisco Bay far below, they were asked divert to Sacramento, SMF.
If Gene had wanted to send him a birthday present, whatever video game was storming the Chinese charts would have been better than this puzzle.
"Sir, you should eat, then rest," Jarvis said, for what Tony was sure was the fiftieth time.
"Cap!" Stark's voice said sharply. "This way!"
"I'm not talking to you unless I know this line is secure, Stark."
Hunter laughed, reached out casually, and brought his closed fist down against the Panther's neck. T'Challa stiffened, then slumped, and though his eyes were still open, his sharp intelligence seemed to have left them.
"What?" Steve was astonished.
He somersaulted in the air and landed neatly, facing the pilot, who was now back on her feet, her flying helmet in her hand. She hurled it towards him, but it sailed past several feet to his right.
He sighed. "I said that the chief of the Panther tribe becomes king of Wakanda, but that is not strictly true. He – or she – is open to challenge from within the Panther tribe or from among the chiefs of all the tribes of Wakanda. However, the Panther God is the strongest of all the local gods, and all members of the ruling family are endowed with enhanced speed and strength. They also possess a genetic quirk that allows them to consume a herb that grows on this mountain. It lets them communicate with the Panther God, who responds by further enhancing their senses."
"When did you last eat?" Tony persisted.
For the first time, there was the hint of a laugh in Virgil Potts' voice: "You and me both, son. So she's still on the Iron Man team?"
"Let's see how high it can go," Danvers said calmly. "Van Dyne, what the hell are you doing?"
Once all the armoured titanium steel doors had slotted back into place and Jarvis had landed the transporters neatly on the floor of the vault, though it was a close squeeze, Tony opened one of the units, taking out a briefcase – and Cap's shield, which he placed carefully against the wall.
He wasn't a soldier any more.
"Sir," Jarvis interposed quickly. "The entourage consists of a number of bodyguards. I suggest..."
The President snorted. "Our – now ex – member of the WSC spun us a yarn that, according to Director Fury, he was the original Captain America frozen in Arctic ice for seventy years. Every scientist I've consulted says that's impossible, even for a super-soldier. No one has told the new delegate anything at all. Fury says that all the information on that subject has been wiped from his computer systems. As he can't prove anything, he's not making any statements, one way or another. Which seems damn suspicious, Stark."
Though he somehow couldn't see Tony Stark choosing to wear a forest green tunic and a hooded cloak.
Even if he hadn't known where the store was, he would have immediately spotted the location from the chaos outside, with police cars (bearing city, county and state insignia) and ambulances parked haphazardly across the pavement, and a NYPD SWAT team running in from where their truck had been parked several hundred yards away in the honking and completely stationary traffic.
That was going to be particularly painful for the foot-soldiers down there.
, fuck it – over less than forty-eight hours was not helping his temper – nor was the fact that Steve was not in that white suit this time, nor in sight. Nor did being secured in the passenger seat by restraints across his chest. The knowledge that one sharp movement would free him was only one more frustration because he could not take advantage of that except in the direst emergency.
"Working with Captain America is a family tradition, right?" Tony replied lightly.
"Not possible," Shuri replied, equally flatly. "I fed it to him in his soup after I cut it out of my arm. Now get out of our way."
In a single stride was Steve was on them, releasing his frustration in a blow to the side of the (still flickering) intruder's head, in a visible moment. Below him, a repulsor whined, flashed, stuttered and flashed again, and another yellow clad man suddenly appeared out of thin air as he flew through the air and hit the wall.
"Major Grimm was a qualified test pilot and astronaut," Jan said helpfully. “Susan Storm's boyfriend was Doctor Reed Richards."
"I'm calling Stark now," he told Jarvis.
"And you must go unarmed," Chayo added. "You are allowed your bodyguard, a Mr Hogan, I understand from Ms Potts, but he also must not carry weapons."
"We're still working on that."
"My trust in your genius. And Hank's. And, most of all, mine."
