Sam is not. Sam has plenty of self-preservation, and a healthy amount of Steve-preservation too, which is why he’s wearing his very finest Kevlar vest and already has his hand resting on his glock as the jet touches down on the roof of Avengers Tower.
. And maybe it makes him a hypocrite, that he’d demand from Stark a promise he himself isn’t willing to make, but if a hypocrite’s the worst thing he is nowadays Barnes can live with that.
, Tony decides. Chances are, he's both heard and thought for himself a great many things worse than anything Bruce could come up with, so it hardly matters anyway, and if he's already told Bruce this much he might as well go all out.
He waits until Sam is asleep and Steve has left for wherever it is he often goes at night (despite claiming it as his floor, Steve spends considerably less time here than he does elsewhere, though since he waits until the asset is in his room before leaving and is always back before sunrise, the asset assumes he is supposed to pretend he hasn’t noticed) before opening the door to his
"I know," Steve says, starting on his second slice of dry toast. "Thanks, Sam."
The asset is trying very hard not to make Steve unhappy, and the fact that he’s failing so far means that he has to make extra effort not to make a bad impression on another one of Steve’s friends.
thing has kind of fucked with my head, and Steve and I haven't exactly talked since then. He's called, I've not answered, it's been a whole awkward mess, and then when we were there it seemed like we might be able to be friends again, even if that's all he wants, so I went to find him  in his room only he didn't answer because, as I learned when I got back to my room, he'd come to find me, and we didn't exactly get much talking done, if you know what I mean. Adrenaline, all that, it's kind of our style, it was great fun and I thought maybe,
He’s equally unsure how to defuse Steve’s sudden tension, and the three of them engage in what is almost certainly the longest awkward silence Sam has ever encountered, until eventually Barnes shifts a little, straightening his shoulders and seeming to grow a good couple of inches in the process.
"Okay," Tony says. "Clearly you're determined to play stupid, so I'll spell it out for you. You've been sending locations to Steve."
"Stark," rasps the Soldier, turning around, the movement jerky and uncoordinated, a far cry from the sleek menace of the bridge fight. His right hand goes behind his back, and Tony forgets any thoughts he may or may not have been having about the Soldier's gauntness, the dark (non-greasepaint) shadows under his eyes, the lank hair and sallow skin and the fact that he looks like he should be in a goddamn cancer ward rather than squatting in some shitty tool shed on the roof of a shitty apartment block.
, he hopes Bucky remembers him).
would wear, honestly), more secondhand bookshops than a town this size could possibly need, and a grocery store that… well, it’s small, but it will suffice.
He waits until the next time JARVIS tells him Steve and Sam have headed out for the morning, then checks Natasha isn’t around. On receiving confirmation that she’s yet to leave her floor, Tony asks JARVIS to ask Barnes if it’s okay for him to show up.
Steve plays that back again, trying to turn it into actual words, but there's a reason he wound up on the front lines rather than in a bunker somewhere: battlefront tactics, yes, advanced code-breaking, no.
He doesn't point out that Tony can override the elevator controls if he so chooses, but Tony doesn't really need it pointing out. JARVIS may be the most complicated system ever built, may have more facets to his complicated personality than Tony ever imagined could develop, and display a great deal more humanity than a not inconsiderable percentage of the human race, but that doesn't change the fact that he's a system,
Barnes on his own is not the norm, though, and now that he’s got the awkward Howard conversation out of the way Tony wouldn’t even consider joining him if the situation was different, but… Well, Tony thinks it’s probably best that someone else be around to make introductions between Barnes and Thor, and apparently he’s the only one available to do so.
Tony isn’t expecting to see anything of Steve for at least a week, given how quickly he vacated the team floor when he found out Barnes wasn't there.
He stops, then, his hands closing around Tony’s, gently but firmly preventing him from unfastening his belt. “Tony,” he says again, but it’s far closer to his normal voice this time, serious and decidedly not how Tony wants him to be sounding. “Hang on, slow down a minute. Are you sure you want to do this, Tony?”
Eventually, Tony decides that waiting for him to show up in a communal space unaccompanied just isn’t going to happen; if he wants to talk to Barnes, Tony is going to have to go to his space.
Barnes’ only reaction to this is a blink, and that may just be coincidental.
“Don’t.” Barnes instructs, because just that expression has been enough to set him off sometimes. “You keep looking at me like that, you and me are definitely going to have a problem.”
"Most of it's not in English," she says. "I summarised parts, but not all of it."
to be the end of them. “Right, because Mr Can-Barely-Recognise-Human-Emotions is obviously the best judge of things like that.”
“I mean it, Stark,” Barnes tells him. “I'd rather be dead than go back there, but I don't expect you to do it for me. I expect you to do it because if it's between the Soldier and whatever target they put in front of him, you know there's only one right choice.”
For the first time since he lost Riley, Sam has hope that the good flying dreams might not be as gone as he thought they were.
“No.”
“Sergeant Barnes?” the voice prompts. “Did you have a particular destination in mind?”
It’s not an expression he’s had from Stark before, and Barnes really wished it had stayed that way.
"What I'm sure Tony
This time last year, if Steve had been fussing about how to thank him, Tony would have had more than a few suggestions about how Steve might start to repay him. Steve might have argued that it didn’t really count as a thank you, that he was getting just as much out of it as Tony, Tony would have answered that that wasn’t possible, if anything he was going to come out of things indebted to Steve, and they’d have settled the matter in a very enjoyable and only slightly competitive manner.
brings to mind flashes of Steve, small and complaining, and of music, loud and enthusiastic. Men and women in crowded halls, stepping and spinning, laughing and happy.
He dries himself just as quickly, then pulls on the clothes he was wearing last night, checking his pockets for his cellphone and room key. They're both still there, along with a text message from Sam letting Steve know he's gone down to breakfast and that he should join him if he ever wakes up.
“Bucky,” Steve starts, a little bit desperate, because as much as Bucky has what is, according to Sam, a fantastic resting bitchface nowadays, he hasn’t looked at Steve with that much anger since the incident with the tank and the badger back in ‘44. “I’m sorry, Buck. I should have told you years ago, bef- before everything that’s happened, but it was- Jesus, Buck, I wasn’t going to tell anyone back then because they’d have assumed you were too, and I couldn’t do that to you, and-”
It's just- Afghanistan was bad, okay, the absolute worst fucking thing Tony has ever gone through, just thinking about it makes his lungs crap out on him and his vision go spotty and his heart, Jesus fuck his heart is a goddamn disaster, completely un-fucking-reliable, and-
“Uh-huh,” Bucky answers, the scepticism in his tone turning the sound from agreement to anything but. “I know you, Steve.
, Tony wants to know what the letter says.
It's already light out when Tony opens his eyes, and once the easy warmth of waking up next to Steve fades, panic sets in. Not about Steve, definitely not that, and if it was up to him, he'd happily have stayed there a very, very long time, maybe even see if he could talk Steve into spending a few days in the city with him rather than racing off after Barnes right away.
He carries his bounty of phones, wallets, keys, scraps of paper, and other super-exciting things away from the unconscious Hydra agents, looking for anything that might suggest why they're in town. From their reactions when he stumbled into their building, Clint's pretty sure he's not the one they were after, but there doesn't seem to be any information in there, no handy-dandy maps with X marking the spot or neat and tidy to do lists of instructions. Maybe there's something on one or more of their phones, but he'll need to take them back to the Tower and let Tony and JARVIS have at them in order to find out.
“I’m not fucking ask you to,” Barnes as good as growls at him. “I love that fucking idiot with ever fibre of my being, but it hasn't ever been in that way. And, even if it was, I'm done with that shit. I barely sleep, I’m carrying more weapons than most people ever see in their lives and I still don't feel safe, and at least once a week I wind up hyperventilating over which pair of socks I should wear. There ain’t enough human left in here to want a relationship, let alone have one.”
As if on cue, Steve's stomach rumbles, reminding him that the last meal he had was at lunchtime yesterday and he needs to eat whether he feels like it or not; he pockets his cell and the note from Tony, glances around the room to check neither he nor Tony have forgotten anything, and takes the stairs on his way down to the hotel restaurant.
"The Lion King," Steve says halfheartedly – Tony seems so pleased when Steve actually knows where his jokes are coming from, and since what he's about to say is probably going to drive a very large wedge between them, he's going to do what he can to make Tony smile one more time – before carrying on. "It's about the Winter Soldier, Tony."
The Soldier nods again, placing his right hand on the back of his head. His left arm makes a hideous grating noise, but doesn't actually make it a whole lot closer to his head.
Steve looks instantly on edge, like he thinks he’s going to have to jump between them, but neither Sam nor Natalia seems remotely concerned, so Barnes does his best to pretend nothing is different. He mumbles a response when Sam says good morning, answers Steve’s tense smile with an equally tense nod, and doesn’t manage to do much more than glance at Natalia out the corner of his eye.
"Please," he says, looking up, looking Tony dead in the eyes (eye slits, at least) for the first time. He looks desperate, kneeling there (probably) unarmed and (presumably) surrendering. "Make it quick."
"It would seem Agent Barton is doing precisely that," JARVIS replies as Bruce shrugs. "I believe it's an expression of concern, Sir."
Barnes is already nodding when he realises those last two words are directed at Natalia, not him.
Steve brings over the bottle and a pair of glasses, thankfully stopping short of presenting it for Tony’s inspection before opening it, though he does pour for both of them before taking his own seat.
"What the fuck, JARVIS?" Tony demands. "You
There isn’t a button for him to press, but that doesn’t seem important. The doors open after the asset has been stood there for a few seconds, and close again once he steps inside.
At this, Barnes very definitely does react, but since it’s a flinch Sam isn’t sure it actually counts as an improvement.
“Of course,” the voice agrees, and the asset feels the elevator begin to move, the ascent swift and smooth.
," Tony concedes, thinking back on all the occasions Steve has seen fit to purchase for his own groceries rather than ask JARVIS to take care of it, not to mention the fit he had when Tony tried to throw him what was either a perfectly reasonable (Tony) or completely excessive (Steve) birthday party last year. "Wait until you have to give him gifts," he says. "Man's a nightmare to buy for."
Steve sends Sam and Bruce take the loading bay, Tony to what ought to be a locked fire door but has, as is inevitable, been opened by someone wanting a sneaky smoke break and never relocked, and takes the main entrance into the offices himself. JARVIS has managed to locate a plan for the building as it exists above ground, and they've been able to identify a number of probable entrances to the underground base, so they make quick work of subduing the small number of employees still at work at this time. All are carefully (and, in Sam and Bruce's case, apologetically) restrained and left outside the building (they're not entirely sure what the purpose of this particular base is, but no one is prepared to risk exposing potentially innocent civilians to dangerous chemicals) to await the arrival of the police once the team has finished.
?" in a tone every bit as exasperated as Tony was expecting.
"So," Bruce says, which is the first indication Tony gets that someone is in his space; for some unknown reason, JARVIS has neglected to warn him he has incoming, and Tony's all set to berate him for it when Bruce continues. "You and Steve, huh?"
“Wonderful,” Stark says. “I need a couple things in return, though.”
“You alright, Hawkeye?”
Again, Barnes shrugs, unsure how much of her past Natalia has shared with the Avengers: they could know that he shot her, years ago as well as more recently; maybe they know he trained her, even further back than that; there’s a chance they know neither, and an even slimmer chance they know both. He should have done better by Natalia decades ago, but it’s too late for him to fix that and the only way he can think of to make it up to her is making sure he doesn’t go spilling her beans all over the place.
It’d be easier to scrap it and start over, Tony’s quite sure, and there’s no question at all that he could do better. He’s not going to, because Tony might let pitiful reformed murderers live in his home and monopolise his ex-friend-with-benefits, but he’s not going to spend hours of his life building a brand new, state of the art prosthetic for the guy. Even if starting up a line in brand new, state of the art prosthetics is the kind of business decision that would make Pepper cry in happiness rather than frustration and absolutely no one could object to him using the Winter Soldier for human trials: if they say it’s immoral to attach untested tech to a human being, Tony can point out that he’s a mass murderer; if they say it’s not fair to give a mass murderer the best prosthetic the world has ever known, Tony can tell them it’s untested tech and who knows how it might turn out.
“And no one argues with Natasha,” Tony finishes for him, looking considerably less tense than he did in the kitchen. He still doesn’t take the plate, but he does make another move for its contents, this time tearing off a piece of waffle, making just as much a show of eating it. “It’s fine. If you want him to realise he’s not a prisoner anymore, you can’t go worrying about checking he’s allowed to be places before you go there.”
Or he would, if he had any idea what kind of help Steve wanted from him, what it is that has Steve tilting his head, the start of a frown crinkling his forehead.
Tony hmphs, not because he’s denying that bringing back Barnes was difficult (it was, even if it was also one of the most straightforward decisions he’s ever made) but because Steve’s intensity is too much, far too much.
Sam sucks in a breath. "He what?"
Barnes
Because Sam is basically the best best friend a guy could ask for, he only nags Steve for about two minutes about the importance of taking time for himself before giving up, telling himself that he’ll try again tomorrow to get Steve to come for a run with him.
It's not. It's Iron Man.
The blueprints show how those beautiful, clean circuits attach to the muscles, tendons, nerves and whatever the fuck else was left in the Soldier's shoulder. They show how the Soldier's body had to be reinforced to support the weight of the arm, bones pinned and plated and in some cases actually fucking replaced by mental replicas.
He should have told Tony the second he arrived in New York. He'd intended to, even, because he knew how much harder delaying would make this, knew that if he let Tony close, he wouldn't want to keep talking. Steve had planned to get
," Steve cuts in again, this time much firmer. "It was a hell of a thing I threw at you, and you're allowed to need time to deal with it, Tony. That's not something I could ever have a problem with."
Tony shrugs; now that he's told them Steve's looking for Barnes, Clint and Bruce know just as much about the search as he does. Frankly, the fact that the search is happening is more than Tony wants to know, and he is not prepared to stick around listening to them speculate. "How the hell would I know?"
“Where is everyone, J?” he asks, pausing before starting the penthouse coffee machine in the hopes that there’ll be someone in the team’s kitchen who’ll have taken care of that job for him, and hopefully also produced something in the way of breakfast.
Except maybe it gnaws at him.
"Right, no," he continues, glaring up at a camera so that JARVIS gets just how immensely serious he is. "I don't give a shit about your definition of murder. You are not taking his side. Send Steve as much information as you want about as many Hydra bases as you can find, if that's what you want to do, but if you get a fix on the Winter Soldier or Sergeant Barnes or whatever the fuck else you want to call him, you tell me and only me. Is that clear enough for you?"
“It's really not that difficult,” he says. “You get to save fuck knows how many people, and you get your revenge while you're at it. How is that not-”
Today, though, Steve’s made a start on his third punching bag and JARVIS says he’s not showing any signs of slowing down, so Tony thinks it’s probably time to interrupt.
He shudders theatrically, although Steve entirely understands the sentiment; interrogations from Natasha are definitely not something to be sniffed at.
Tony shrugs that one off, because it's not the point, it is absolutely fucking
JARVIS agrees, and they drop Sam off at the team floor before carrying on up to Steve’s floor.
, says his inner Rhodey (Pepper calls it his conscience, but she’s clearly never heard it), and, as ever, Rhodey is right. It’s a shitty thing to say, and Tony regrets it, he does, but Steve’s talking before he can get out the apology he definitely owes him.
Clint tips back on his chair, drags his next piece of sushi through the puddle of soy sauce in the middle of his place, and laughs. "Nah," he says, "'S just an average Tuesday, this."
Tony is understandably slow to process this, because it makes absolutely zero since. “Why wouldn’t I?”
He forces himself to take a breath, since his voice has gone from
It’s not as bad as he was expecting.
“Yeah,” Tony answers, taking a healthy gulp of coffee to settle his nerves before picking at his breakfast. “Yeah, I think that went okay.”
Yes, Tony is 100% going to spend the day hiding in his office. Problem?
, he thinks, which is obviously not the right answer. If he says that, Clint will tell Steve as soon as the conversation is over, which will end with Steve crying again (he thinks the asset doesn't know, and the asset doesn’t know how to respond to that other than to pretend), then running to wherever it is he runs when he's had enough of the asset. And, if that isn't bad enough, the asset will end up subjected to another one of Sam’s well-meaning conversations about identity.
There is precisely one thing she absolutely hates about her job, and that's trying to get her flighty nuisance of an ex to put his company first.
Tony might be a genius, but that doesn't mean he's not also a fucking idiot sometimes.
"He thinks JARVIS is sending them," Pepper explains tiredly. "Please, Tony. I understand that you're doing the reclusive thing right now, but the company needs you-"
"And you don't also know that I'm not one of them? I'm hurt, Steve." His joking tone is supposed to lighten the mood a little, but Steve still looks kind of uncomfortable; Sam decides to go down the route of absolute sincerity instead. "Steve, the only reason I'd have a problem with you dating Tony Stark is if you don't want to be."
Natalia was a child, all of them were, and Barnes never did a thing to get them out of there. He never even thought of it.
Steve laughs, entirely unamused. "The problem isn't that I'll forget it," he tells Tony, since Bucky's blank expression is going to be stuck with him forever, the same way he's going to be hearing that dead-sounding
Barnes tries, very hard, to remember it.
The asset is a person now, and people have names.
He's not drunk, that has to be worth a few points in his favour, though the cracked screens and shattered crockery littering the floor of his workshop have to leave him very much in the red.
with people thinking of him that way. He hasn’t killed anyone since rescuing Clint from Hydra, and he’s not intending on it any time soon, definitely not under orders. He’s no one’s asset, not now and not ever again.
He's sceptical at best about what they're going to find when they get back to New York, even as Steve seems about ready to boil over with anticipation, the poor sap too consumed with excitement at seeing his friend again and epic angst over his relationship with Stark to have any sense of self-preservation (though Sam has not as yet seen any evidence to suggest Steve actually understands the concept).
“Make sure he knows that’s
Despite the fact that he is very definitely being threatened, Bruce can't help smiling. "I don't intend to give you reason to," he says, taking a deep, almost reassuring breath before adding, "And I would hope Steve never does either."
“Hi,” he says, deliberately and very obviously moving his hand away from his holstered weapon, aiming for a relaxed stance; he highly doubts it’ll doing anything to put Barnes at ease, but if he’s really lucky it might not make him any more on edge. “I’ll introduce myself, since Steve doesn’t seem inclined to do so. I’m Sam Wilson.”
Steve knows what he wants to happen with Tony, but all the evidence suggests Tony doesn’t want the same thing.
For now, though, Tony just hugs him.
“There is,” Stark replies, still quiet, expressionless as he looks up at Barnes again. “JARVIS found it, I watched it. A lot, actually. Got wasted, trashed the ‘shop, cried over them for probably the first time since the funeral, whole thing was a hideous mess I'd rather forget about entirely. Still doesn't mean you’re responsible.”
Tony's still frowning, but Steve doesn't know what else to say in order to convince him, or even if anything
"Tony?" Bruce prompts.
A slow, agonising,
“Because I was tied up in a basement, yeah,” Clint agrees. “You lot left me for dead, and the only reason I’m sitting here is because this really angry homeless dude got me out of there.”
JARVIS does his passive aggressive silence thing again, judging Tony for whatever he's apparently done wrong this time, but the elevator descends anyway so it hardly matters, at least not until it stops at what is very much not his workshop.
"I'm good, but I'm not that good, Tony."
Steve’s beaming now, full and bright. “Dinner,” he confirms. “It’s a meal people eat in the evening, a bit like this one, only cooked by someone who knows what they’re doing. I know it’s not a concept you’re all that familiar with, though, so if it’s too much we can start with coffee, someplace other than your lab or with the team, maybe?”
Despite Wilson’s presence in the team floor for a number of meals since he got back, Steve spends most of the day on his floor, desperately waiting for Barnes to do so much as blink in a way that suggests he needs something.
One day, Bruce thinks, someone in Tony's egomaniacal monstrosity will actually remember that he's not that kind of doctor. In addition to his official areas of expertise, he can stitch a wound without batting an eye and just about keep up with Tony's engineering talk when the occasion calls for it, but he does not do brains.
Sam's added himself to every single drawing Steve's made since they left New York, and it doesn't take a genius to figure out what message he's trying to convey. Steve might not be okay, but he's also not alone. Sam's got his back.
Bruce rolls his eyes, looking unphased, which at least helps to lessen Sam’s concern a little. “I remember the time Steve called us in to help with a Hydra base, and you didn’t answer your cellphone when we tried to get a hold of you.”
, Bruce realises, which more or less explains why his comment didn't serve as the conversation opener he wanted it to be. It doesn't explain
, Tony can't actually imagine what else there is to say, and he definitely can't understand why Steve thought it was better to write it down rather than say it in person.
Except for when he was Loki's bitch, Clint doesn't think he's managed to be conscious and silent for more than about twenty minutes, so for this guy to have been silent so long that sound startles him… Clint can't even imagine what that would be like, what it would take.
"The fact that I'm wincing just watching you do that does not mean I won't shoot you," Tony points out, because the Soldier's right hand is now emerging ever so slowly from behind his back.
“Good job, man,” Sam says, not mentioning that that’s actually one hell of a reaction from Barnes, but judging by the proud expression Clint’s wearing he’s not entirely sure he doesn’t know anyway. And, because Sam’s apparently not as immune to a bit of one upmanship as he might like to be, he’s also going to take the rest of the bag of bagels, see if he can talk Barnes into having something other than Steve’s shitty attempt at oatmeal for breakfast. “You guys are done with the breakfast stuff, right?”
Hydra captures you again,
"Pep, come on, I have Avengers stuff," he protests, wafting his hand around to indicate the inside of the quinjet, the Iron Man suit standing sentry in the corner, and Bruce at the controls. "Important, save the world type stuff. I can't just drop it because the board are getting antsy."
That’s also something noteworthy, Sam thinks; as far as he knows, Barnes has only been willing to eat and drink stuff Steve has given him, and he always waits for Steve to eat first if Sam’s done the cooking, so accepting something from a stranger is both unusual and a definite positive.
Barnes nods, and Tony figures that’s enough of that conversation.
(Because, fine, maybe Tony remembers it word for word, but it's not like being rejected before he's even asked someone out is an everyday occurrence, it's burned into his memory pretty damn well.)
"I can…" Peggy says. "But, Tony, don't you think you'd be better off asking Steve?"
"Well, that's what happened," Tony snaps, immediately defensive again. "Hate to break it to you, Bruce, but Captain America isn't perfect."
Other times it's the hummingbird, and even sketched in pencil it's all the colours of the rainbow, bright and brilliant, flitting from flower to flower, only when Steve draws the monkey offering up a bouquet the hummingbird just flies far, far away.
He does care about Steve, of course he does, but the last two times he’s seen Natalia he put a bullet in her, and Barnes needs to know that she’s okay.
“Barnes,” he says, after taking far too long to think about it. It might only be a step up from
enough, but then the only thing he thinks would actually be sufficiently reassuring is Stark promising to empty a clip into his brain the second it becomes clear he’s going to fall into Hydra’s hands again.
He stops at his usual florists, only a few blocks from Peggy's nursing home, and buys his usual exotic, over the top bouquet for Peggy to fob off on the reception desk, and then a bunch of daffodils that he hopes she'll actually like and want to keep in her room.
Eventually, he manages to untense his muscles enough to lean back, his cheek pressed against her soft, almost unscented hair. Natalia doesn't move away, so Barnes has to assume this was the correct reaction. It's not as uncomfortable as he might have expected, letting someone touch him like this, and the two of them are still sitting there when Steve and Sam return from their run.
Only one person he knows is able to turn his phone on from a distance, and Steve has more or less resigned himself to never hearing from him again.
were you thinking?"
He sits up slowly and very carefully, propping himself up against the leg of his work bench, forehead pressed against his knees as he tries to remember how to breathe without vomiting.
This time, the shrug gets upgraded (downgraded, maybe, Tony's not sure if it's an improvement or not) to a scoff. "I don't think you would, Tony. I didn't think you even liked
Because he's a wonderful, lovely, benevolent person, Tony doesn't go with his instinctive desire to respond sarcastically (and the fact that
Besides, he doesn't exactly
"You think I should help him protect the man who murdered my parents."
what I'm saying."
seems to be the underlying sentiment of what Tony's hearing, and he can't help but agree with it; even with the serum, the odds of Barnes being smashed to bits on the ground or puncturing a lung or bleeding out or freezing to death are astronomically higher than the odds of him surviving long enough for someone to find him.
It's not like it makes a difference, anyway. Whether Tony shoots the Soldier or brings him in, it won't do anything to make him feel better.
"Don't I always?" Tony says flippantly, but she's already goddamn hung up on him.
matter: Steve can’t imagine anything he wouldn’t do for Bucky, and it makes no difference if he’s doing it as Bucky’s best friend or as that weird stranger who won’t stop hanging around (but,
"That's…" Tony starts, finally still, finally done with trying to reassure Steve. "You know what that date is?"
death is better than he deserves.
, Tony," she answers, laughing, and hangs up.
"JARVIS, I need a line to the team," she requests, her computer pinging steadily as more photos are uploaded. "Avengers priority override 36482, I don't want any of them sending me to voicemail."
"Speaking of new things, there's a present for you on the jet, Falcon," Tony says, because the alternative is just standing there gawping at Steve and that's where he draws the line. "What d'you say, want to earn your codename back?"
“Jerk,” he mutters.
“You've got Bruce and Sam,” Natasha answers, in English now that she’s out of the store and far enough away from any other pedestrians not to be overheard. “You don't need me.”
Tony spends a fair few minutes lying there before the need for caffeine wins out, at which point he rolls out of bed, pulling on yesterday’s jeans and the first clean tee-shirt he comes across.
It’s not like he doesn’t understand. If Tony felt like that about someone, lost them, and then got them back again, it would take a hell of a lot to pry him from their side. He’d be clinging, limpet like, for as long as they’d put up with it, probably far past that point, so it’d be goddamn hypocritical of him to complain about it.
The coordinates Steve gave Bruce lead them to a parking lot in an industrial complex a few miles outside of Barcelona. It's getting on for nine pm local time, and the place is deserted apart from Steve, Wilson, and an old Peugeot that looks to be too small to fit the both of them and too beat up to be road legal.
"Well, yeah." It's Sam's turn to shrug now, even as he smiles. "The whole
"I'm okay, thanks," he answers, standing up and starting to tidy up the takeout containers, throwing away the empty ones and stacking anything that isn't empty on the counter, ready to go in the refrigerator once they've cooled down. "Take your plate with you, Tony," he instructs, which explains why he chose not to press the
“I…” Steve starts, then has to stop, because, honestly, it hadn’t even crossed his mind that Tony might think he and Bucky used to be together. He understands why Sam made that assumption, because they didn’t know each other so well when Bucky cropped back up, and Steve can, in hindsight, see how his reaction to discovering Bucky was alive might seem a little more than friendly, but Tony?
Eventually, he settles for sending a copy of the blueprint for the arm, subject line left empty, no message to explain it.
from his bucket list (not that he'd known it was on there before now, but it's both one hell of an achievement and damn entertaining).
"This is Sam," Sam says, his hand on Steve's shoulder. "I don't know what you just said to Steve, but- He did? And no one's hurt, right? Uh-huh. Yeah. Thanks, JARVIS. Yeah, we'll see you later. Tell Stark we said thanks, yeah?"
, Bruce decides. Tony clearly doesn't want to talk right now, and pushing him is about the furthest thing from useful. He'll try again later.
pose he always seems to have when there’s cameras around. “One,” he says, “You make me the same promise.”
That's when he reads the letter again.
"Working on it," Tony tells him, more or less honestly; he's trying, okay, even if he's having about as many setbacks as he is successes. He thinks over his next question before asking, then decides he wants to know enough to risk it maybe not staying between just the two of them. "How's Steve doing with that?"
"If it's you asking, I'm pretty sure he'll answer anything."
, Barnes thinks, closely followed by
"Isn't it?" he asks, ice in his veins, and in his voice.
He's not sure how long he's been dozing when Tony begins to stir, the sheets whispering against his skin as he stretches. He lets out a sleepy little murmur, and Steve is only a second away from rolling onto his side and pressing a kiss to the back of his neck when Tony curses under his breath. "
“No,” Steve agrees, brushing his lips to Tony’s cheek this time. “Definitely not, only…”
Maybe Barnes is going to answer, in that very delayed fashion with which he still approaches most conversations, but if so he doesn’t get the opportunity; apparently JARVIS decides he’s distracted Thor for long enough, and Tony only just has enough time to put his mug down and step into the middle of the room before Thor is there in front of him.
to leave the team to fend for themselves and that's absolutely not the case. They're his team, his people, so of course Tony wants to help them in whatever way he can, and he's not going to tell JARVIS to stop because if someone gets hurt and having info from JARVIS could have prevented it then Tony might as well have been the one doing the hurting.
"He does have the best toys," Steve agrees, mock-sighing, which distracts Tony from his impulse to protest that they're not on different teams, that they're still allies and sort of friends, even if they've stopped sleeping together and don't exactly agree. "I'm heartbroken, but I understand."
: See you soon
Steve glances at him over his shoulder, then immediately returns his attention to the bag. There's still bruising around his eye – apparently the serum prioritises the most severe injuries first, however the hell that's supposed to work – but even without it Steve still wouldn't be looking too great, red-eyed and red-faced and absolutely exhausted.
“You're wrong, Buck.”
, Natasha thinks. Lets herself hope, just for a moment. “What did he say?”
"I know," Bruce says, sounding almost as awkward at having to witness Tony's half-sobbed almost-breakdown as Tony is to have it witnessed. "I can't possibly understand how you feel, Tony. I can't, I know that."
"What? No, I'm fine, just my ankle and a few cuts and bruises," Clint answers, waving off Bruce's concern with a dismissiveness only slightly resulting from his hatred of any kind of medical facilities. "This super angry hobo showed up and knocked them all out before they could do too much damage. I offered to buy him a beer, but I guess he wasn't thirsty."
“Steve,” he says, voice hoarse from disuse. “Been a while.”
“It was my fist that caved your father’s skull in. My hand around your mom’s throat. Did the file tell you that, Stark?” Barnes asks, and doesn't wait for an answer. “Did it tell you that your old man fucking recognised me before I turned his brain into mush? Hell, if you have your robot search through the Hydra archives for long enough you'll probably find there’s security footage showing exactly what I did to them. You know, if you need a little more motivation.”
Sam is starting to get irritated by the third time Steve overtakes him, and by the fifth he’s very definitely pissed off, yelling at him to just run home, if he’s really that anxious.
know, but the speed with which Stark continues speaking suggests it's probably a rhetorical question.
Clint pauses a moment, gesturing to the things in his ears, which Barnes remembers from last time are some kind of hearing device. “Of course, these things make it easier to ignore people, but I figure you’ll work out your own way to do it, so I’m going to get in with the advice early before you get good at tuning it out. With a therapist you trust, talking helps. You don’t get on with the first one, keep looking, but once you do find the right one, stick it out, okay?”
Doing so turns out to be unnecessary, because the first thing Clint sees when he steps into the hallway on the other side is a disorganised heap of bodies.
In truth, he thought that it would be Steve, crashing onto the asset's rooftop with all the subtlety of a mallet.
glance, and Steve really doesn't want to wake up one morning to a message from Natasha directing him to an eBay listing for CAPTAIN AMERICA'S MISERY DOODLES!!!!!!
He's not called by the time Tony arrives at the Tower, or when he stumbles out of the shower and into a slightly more conventional suit half an hour later, nor does he ring at any point during the interminably long meeting with Fujikawa Industries (during which Tony ignores no fewer than fifteen furious glares and three shin kicks from Pepper for paying more attention to his cell than to the topics under discussion).
Peggy sighs, like she thinks Tony's being an idiot and she's humouring him by explaining. "I think Bucky Barnes would have walked through fire to protect Steve Rogers, whether it was from a thug in an alley, an enemy soldier, or a relationship that was going to break his heart. Bucky would have done anything for him. Honestly, Howard, I know you have difficulty recognising other people's feelings, but even you must have seen that."
, he thinks maybe Barnes would have been better off dead.
"Yeryar," Tony mumbles, pulling his head far enough from where it's pillowed on Steve's shoulder to smirk at him. Steve gives him his best
part of the conversation. Sure, it’s not actually the
," he starts, before remembering that acknowledging Tony's attempts at distraction only ever encourages him; Steve might as well jump right in with what he actually has to say, because if he waits until Tony stops trying to avoid a serious discussion he's going to be waiting a heck of a long time. "He's Bucky. The Winter Soldier is Bucky."
Steve shrugs, picking at a slice of dry toast (possibly why his food got a concerned look from Sam, since Steve doesn't seem to have picked up anything to actually put on his toast). He doesn't overly want to tell Sam, even in the fairly vague way he's been talking about his relationship with Tony; he knows Sam is asking out of concern, and Steve loves him for it, but that doesn't mean he wants to talk about what happened last night/this morning.
“I think it’s had enough, Cap,” he says, once he’s sure Steve has at least noticed he’s here, even if he hasn’t said anything yet.
“Riiiiiight,” Bucky drawls, long and exaggerated. “Steve, I’ve only been human for a few months, and even I know Stark has no problem broadcasting his relationships to anyone who wants to know about it. Maybe you didn’t outright ask him to, but if he kept quiet about this, he was doing it for you.”
And then Clint fucks up any good will Tony might have had for fucking Bucky Barnes by adding, "I just- Maybe I don't think avenging abusive parents should be too high a priority, okay."
He's forgetting something.
"I've asked," Bruce tells her, exasperated. "On the rare occasion he acknowledges he's not himself, he says he doesn't want to talk about it. The last time I saw him acting like this was when you broke up with him."
ain’t how you do things.”
"Wrong," Tony says, over the whine of his boots firing up. "Very wrong."
It's been months, and the asset is exhausted. It can't keep going much longer.
"Really?" Sam asks. "Either you or Stark has done something stupid, and you know you're going to tell me about it."
stupid, utterly stupid, but finding out that Steve has fucked off after the Soldier rather than trying to talk to Tony again hurts, it really hurts, and the thought that Steve at least left him a letter makes it the tiniest bit less painful.
, as far as he's concerned, are that Steve thought he was good for the occasional fuck and not a whole lot more than that, and JARVIS needs to get with the program here). "Are you sure that was his suggestion, Tony?"
The fact that Steve isn't in it alone is pretty fantastic, too.
“Thanks for letting me know,” he says, putting away the last of the glasses. “He tell you anything else?”
need to smash his things up?
It's Tony's turn to feel sad, so horribly, horrendously sad for Peggy, both the woman she is now and the fantastic, fearless woman she was for the rest of her life.
, okay; he's not actually going to shoot anyone, but it's reassuring to know that he can, if the occasion calls for it) before he feels calm enough to let himself think back over the conversation with Tony.
They're joined by an assortment of knuckle dusters (seriously, the guy has a metal hand, there's no goddamn need to accessorise it), piano wire, a billy club, and more knives than Tony can shake a stick at.
, and it shouldn’t even matter. It
“I have passed on your request, Sir,” JARVIS answers a minute or so later. “Sergeant Barnes seems perplexed, but has not expressed any objection.”
Given that he’s sharing with exactly two other people and Steve was obviously not in the city then, there’s no possible reason Sam should be struggling to work out who Clint is talking about. And yet, he’s still trying to make himself believe it when Bruce says, “Bucky was the one who rescued you?”
“It is for him,” Barnes answers, resorting to stating the fucking obvious because Stark clearly isn't getting it. “Look, it's not like I want to be recaptured by fascists, tortured into being their puppet and then put down for the good of humanity. But if it does happen, and if I'm not able to take myself out before they break me, I don't want Steve to have to live with being the one who kills me. You're about the only person I can count on to make sure he doesn't have to.”
Tony's still giving him that look, and the way he says, "Steve," so very kind and uncharacteristically careful, is enough that Steve works out where he recognises that expression from: it's the same way Sam and Natasha looked at him in the van, like he's almost painfully concerned for him. "I'm trying not to be insensitive here – and, believe me, this is probably the first time ever I can honestly say that, ask Pepper, she'll tell you I love being insensitive, and- That absolutely isn't the point, is it, and now you're giving me
"Tell me a story, J," he prompts. "I can't be the only one doing the heavy lifting here."
It’s a nice enough day out, crisp and clear, not a cloud in sight. It’ll heat up later on, no doubt of that, but for now it’s the perfect temperature for running, and between that and the fact that he hasn’t once been overtaken by a ‘roided up golden retriever, Sam is in an excellent mood by the time he jogs back into the Tower.
Tony's hands drop, and he edges a little further out of the jet, no longer looking quite so on edge; clearly, Pepper's neutral voice is serving its intended purpose. "Oh, that," he says dismissively. "Pep, you know I hate those things."
want to harm him, but her sudden reappearance has him on edge, as does her virtually pushing him out of there this morning, and… And Steve’s spent almost every second since that day in Washington worrying about Bucky, and that worry doesn’t just go away now that he knows where he is.
“Oh,” Tony says again, not so much smiling at Barnes as he is just smiling in general, and he’s suddenly feeling a whole lot more gracious and welcoming than he was before, enough so to make an offer he’s refused to consider making before now. “Well, anyway, I’ve got the blueprints, and JARVIS has done so scans, so if you ever decide you’re ready to have that fixed up, tell J to let me know. No need for you to come to the workshop, I’ll bring a toolkit to dinner, or whatever.”
Barnes throws her a lazy salute, then saunters his way to the elevator.
He’s not taking alcohol with him. It’s fine.
Indignant or not, he's also never been a liar, so Tony believes him even before Bruce says, "JARVIS didn't say anything. I figured it out on my own, and as far as I'm aware I'm the only one who knows."
He knows it’s stupid to be worried, because if Natasha wanted to harm Bucky, she definitely wouldn’t do so in the Tower, under JARVIS’ watchful gaze. Hell, he’s mostly certain she
Tony turns his head far enough to look at him, if only in profile. “None,” he says softly. He’s the good kind of tired, the one where his muscles are loose and his brain finally slows its constant whirring, and regret is about the furthest thing from his mind. “And you?”
quiet, and for so long that Tony looks away from his empty mug and half-eaten slice of cake and at his friend. This is clearly what Bruce has been waiting for, because he sort of
Sam has finished eating and, because he’s a goddamn sucker, started putting the clean dishes where he thinks they should live (if he’s the one tidying up, it gets to be his decision, and anyone who has a problem with that should have done it earlier) before Clint is apparently sugared up enough to start a conversation for real.
Tony has Bucky, and he wants Steve to come home.
"You're welcome," he says, just as blandly. "Remember there's food upstairs, okay? I'll make sure Clint leaves a plate for you."
"They
Steve laughs, shaky and relieved. “Yeah, Buck,” he answers. “Yeah, it really has.”
and then adds, “And we don’t say that anymore.”
“Okay,” Steve says, getting with the program there. “First off, Bucky and I have never been together.”
"That's not…" Steve trails off, because even if it wasn't his point, he can't deny that it's
this isn't where we're meant to be."
complain, even, but this is the second time in as many days that JARVIS has reported Steve leaving his floor after nightfall, only to go directly to the gym and spend the next few hours hitting things.
sort of voice; Jim recognises it from all the times he's tried to warn him against doing something particularly self-destructive, only for Tony to do it anyway and somehow walk out the other side in one piece. “Okay. Cliff notes. Short and sweet. I got this.”
If there's one thing almost guaranteed to get a long-winded response from Tony, it's mentioning Steve; yes, Tony's diatribes on the man tend to be either entirely uncomplimentary or so complimentary that Bruce feels a little uncomfortable listening to them (Steve is a good-looking man, there's no denying that, but Tony's fifteen minute odes to his abs are more than Bruce wants to hear), but either way it would be more of a conversation than they're having now.
"Hulk."
playlist at the sort of volume he would usually object to.
Tony doesn't know how he feels about the letter.
"I'm sure he does," Bruce agrees, but it doesn't entirely sound like he means it. He is, however, apparently aware that Tony's a split second away from demanding JARVIS tell him where Clint's got to so he can chase after him, because he objects to that plan before Tony can put it into action. "Tony, I think maybe you should leave it a while. Both of you could probably do with some time to calm down before you speak to each other again."
"Buchanan," Steve answers. "And yes, that Bucky."
"It's not the team that's a problem," Steve says before he can stop himself. And he
“Bruce, too,” Tony answers, not overly sure what the
Tony smiles, sneaks a peek at the name on her ID badge (he recognises her, okay, it's just that names aren't his strong point), and says, "Thanks, Kimberly."
Nathalie pops her gum again, loud enough that he jolts to attention. The poor boy blushes horribly, and Nathalie smiles to show she’s not offended.
“Steve.”
"Wasn't sure either of the chairs would survive me," Steve explains, shrugging.
"Really, Tony?" Bruce sighs, every bit as dramatic and overacted as Tony's fake-drinking. "Steve Rogers. Tall, blond, basically sex-on-a-stick, according to people who swing that way. Any of this ringing a bell?"
Still, it's not agreement, and therefore nowhere near good enough. Never mind that this conversation is already getting on for the longest and most revealing one he’s had since he got here, and it’s definitely more than he's ever said to Stark. Barnes is just going to have to suck it up and keep going, no matter how goddamn much he hates talking about who he was and how they built him.
Between the conversation he hadn't anticipated having today and the sheer Bucky-ness of the man he's having it with, it's safe to say Steve doesn't have any idea why Bucky seems to be so mad at him. “What?”
"I'm gonna take a walk," he says in what seems to Tony (himself a master of feigned neutrality, at least most of the time) to be forced calm. "Cool off."
Fuck knows where she is, though.
weren't actually exaggerating.
), so he just gets a plate back out of the cupboard, leaves a couple of bagels on it, and then takes the bag for himself.
Peggy buys it exactly as much as she always used to, which is to say
thing. It wasn't all that- you look confused, Steve."
He waits until he's out over the Atlantic before asking JARVIS to put a call through to Pepper, then has to confirm that yes, he's fully expecting her to be pissed off with him, but he does actually want to talk to her.
“I’m sure they’re fine,” Tony says, assembling a burger on his plate, because, hey, why wouldn’t he want to reassure the guy who’s about to leave him?
There's clear fondness in Peggy's voice as she talks, telling him about all the women Bucky had eating out of the palm of his hand, but also of how she never heard any of them say a word against him. She talks about how Bucky had an almost magical ability to procure almost anything, even in war-torn Europe, and then the story of how she went looking for Steve in a London pub way back in 1943. That last part isn't news to Tony, not when Steve apparently has the same nostalgic desire to tell this tale, but it's still interesting to hear it from Peggy's side; unlike Steve, who mostly devoted all his attention to making sure everyone knows just how much of a knockout (literally, when the occasion called for it) Peggy was, Peggy's version of events is all about how useless Steve was and how enthusiastically Bucky came on to her.
"You were never a Boy Scout," Natasha answers with the conviction of someone who has read a very large file that she believes contains details on every second of his life. Usually she's right, but in this case…
Maybe,
“Tony,” Steve says again, then seems to shake himself out of his stupor. “I don’t-”
: Hello
(After, when he's done cleaning up DUM-E's attempt at cleaning up, Tony has JARVIS open a new email, only to sit staring up at the taunting blink of the cursor on the blank, blank page.
The others are silent, long enough for it to occur to Tony that Steve might not have told anyone other than him (or him, Wilson and Natasha, anyway, not that he had much choice about them finding out) who the Soldier used to be. Which is stupid, because he can't think of any reason for Steve not to have told the rest of the team, other than the fact that he's an idiot who plays things too close to the chest rather than actually asking for help when he needs it (like that statement doesn't describe the whole damn lot of them, Tony included).
His stash down in the shop is starting to run low, now that he thinks about it; Tony leans over the bar – not the most dignified way of going about it, but the only one around to see him sprawled on his stomach with his legs in the air is JARVIS and he's seen a lot worse than that – to grab another bottle, then a second and third just for good measure. He pauses halfway between the bar and the elevator, then doubles back for the decanter and the stupid goddamn letter, folding it in half as many times as he can before jamming it into his back pocket.
," Tony repeats, still stuck on
Tony’s tried the hopeful approach to relationships, the whole time he was with Pepper and then again when he thought he and Steve might work themselves out after that night in Barcelona. Hope doesn’t end well, and he doesn’t want to do it again.
Tony laughs, leaning forward until his forehead rests on Steve’s shoulder, somehow managing to do it without either spilling his coffee or upending his syrupy breakfast everywhere. “I
Hulk looks at him.
Bruce gives him his version of the
“Shout if you need help,” Natasha offers.
Tony turns his hand until he can hold back. He’s not sure how long they stay like that for, Steve still smiling like Tony’s made his whole goddamn life, let alone just the day, but it feels like longer than he’s ever managed to sit still for. Much, much longer.
Steve chews on his lower lip, free hand tapping at the base of his wine glass. “Yes,” he says, a sharp nod accompanying it. “It’s just- If I’m barking up the wrong tree here, please stop me before I completely embarrass myself,
"Oh," Pepper breathes, looking terribly regretful for a brief moment before carefully masking it. "Did you know he was seeing someone?"
There's a noise from Steve's end of the comms, a horrible mixture of Hulk roaring and wrenching metal. Tony's going to go with
system. If Tony wants to turn an instruction into an order, he can, and JARVIS won't have any choice in the matter.
) and they'll be right back to the first hand again.
"Hi, Aunt Peggy," he says, perching on an armchair in Peggy's brightly lit corner of the room.
thing.
"Everyone hates meetings, Tony. Unfortunately, they're a necessary evil, if you want to keep a business running, and you're just going to have to accept that."
"Promise me," she says urgently, into the silence Tony's indecision has left. "I've translated anything that might help find the Soldier, but there are things in there Steve doesn't need to know. There are things in there I do not believe he can survive learning, and the only way I give you it is if you swear that won't happen."
, are turning chicken over whatever this is."
"Hey, man," Clint says. "Stumbled across a nest of Hydra mooks, there anyone in town to help take them into custody?"
Steve blinks, which is about when Tony realises they're both sort of staring at each other, and then the Man with a Plan straightens his shoulders and sets to proving he deserves the nickname.
Her phone rings as the kid is counting out her change, and she answers without looking to see who is calling. “
"Stark," Natasha says, painfully brusque. "Little busy right now."
Steve continues staring at him for what Sam thinks is probably slightly too long (he’d certainly be uncomfortable with it, if he was the focus of that much prolonged attention), then nods jerkily, making his way to the elevator.
“What if he doesn’t want more?”
Most days, anyway.
"Believe it or not, I'd worked that out," Bruce answers, dry as dust. "But Pepper, JARVIS and I are worried about you, and I really think you need to talk to someone."
,” Nathalie says. “
Despite his efforts to pretend for Steve, the asset is not good at conversation. Because of this, he waits for Clint Clint Barton to continue the conversation, which is made difficult by the fact that Clint Clint Barton ‒
"You assume correctly," Tony agrees, "Whenever you're ready, then."
"All systems are working at their optimum level, I assure you," JARVIS argues; Tony gives the closest camera an
It’s a while since Tony was last there, well before Steve took down SHIELD, but absolutely nothing has changed. The furniture is exactly what Pepper picked out, the paintings on the wall are the same ones she picked out, and with the exception of what Tony assumes are Wilson’s boots (they’re too small to be Steve’s, at any rate, and he can’t imagine Barnes leaving his belongings lying around) by the door, there’s just as few personal effects as before.
"Okay," Clint says, more to himself than to his new buddy, because freaking out about his Loki baggage and whatever has happened to FHD is not going to help when the goons who tied him up come back and finish the job (he's assuming either a ransom tape or bait, because they had plenty of time to kill him when he was knocked out). "What say we get the hell out of here, yeah?"
It doesn't, at least not as much as Tony was hoping, but it's probably about the best he can hope for. "Yeah, I guess," he answers, leaning down to kiss her cheek again, catching a faint hint of the same perfume she's always worn, something that smells light and simple, more akin to fresh laundry than the usual overly floral old lady perfume. "Thanks, Aunt Peggy."
“Awesome,” Tony mutters, only hesitating a moment before setting off up there, thinking reassuring and only slightly desperate thoughts at himself.
"Sorry, what?" Clint asks, outrage only half feigned. "Well, I guess that's why none of you showed up when I called JARVIS for backup. Seriously, guys, I get kidnapped, and you lot are all too busy swanning around fancy museums to even notice I was gone!"
Sam blinks at her, surprised, then glances at Barnes for his reaction. Unfortunately for him, Barnes is working very hard at not having one, so Sam is just going to have to decide for himself whether he wants to object to her words.
"Crap," Steve mutters under his breath. He picks up the papers and sits down in their place, bracing himself for the Conversation he's going to be subjected to as soon as Sam returns with their clean clothes. "
"I know I'm making a radical suggestion here, Tony, but you could call him?"
But Steve really does seem like he means it.
and drink the
"Oh, yeah," Barton says. "Nat said she was going dark for a couple of weeks. I can get a hold of her, but it probably won't be same-day."
Tony doesn't know how he's ever supposed to be okay with that.
you send me the Winter Soldier file."
“Not really,” Clint says, shaking his head. “Accepted a beer when I offered him one, but that’s about it.”
"Right," Tony says as soon as the suit's away and he's locked himself safely back in his workshop, a very, very large glass of scotch in hand. "You and me are gonna have words, J."
"What is it?" Steve's well aware that he sounds much too eager, so there's really no need for Sam to be giving him his
"Whatever it is, I didn't do it," he says, hands appearing, raised in surrender, even as the rest of his body stays out of sight.
The asset was prepared for it to be the archer. He was almost prepared for it to be his spiderling, all grown up and even more deadly than the asset remembers her, or Ca-
JARVIS doesn't answer right away, deciding instead to go all
“Sit,” she tells Bucky, waiting for him to obey before fixing two cups of coffee and joining him at the table. “Steve, do you want to sort out plates?”
to get back there as soon as possible, and-
“Jane is presenting a paper next week,” Thor explains proudly. “I thought perhaps yourself or Doctor Banner may wish to accompany me. Assuming our good captain doesn’t object, that is.”
"I know I don't deserve it," says the Winter Soldier, the greatest assassin known to man or God, the man who killed Tony's parents and a president, executed diplomats and dissidents and fuck knows who else. Or, alternatively, Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, WWII vet and seventy years a prisoner of war, held by people with no regard for the Geneva Convention or basic human decency or even the fact that he was a human being at all. "I know what I've done. I don't have the right to ask you for mercy but please, make it quick."
"Guys," Bruce says, softly enough that Tony feels justified in ignoring it.
looks, and Bruce nudges a chair out with his foot.
“I can send the jet,” Clint offers. “Much quicker.”
So, yeah. Tony feels betrayed, okay. Betrayed and hurt and he's trying very, very hard not to forbid JARVIS from helping Steve because even though that's what he wants
Steve looks at him, that disappointed expression Barnes has just been waiting to have turned on him since he got back here. Sam apparently finds the prospect of letting Steve down somewhat less abhorrent than Barnes does, because he just shrugs. “What, like I’m going to argue with her?” he asks. “She’s terrifying.”
Being woken at all hours by obnoxiously loud music is very much an occupational hazard of being best friends with Tony Stark. Jim’s tried putting his phone on silent, tried turning it off, tried shutting it in the freaking freezer along with just about every other electrical item he owns, and still Tony manages to contact him when he should be completely unreachable. Hell, the top brass are still laughing and/or raging about the time Tony flew over to Afghanistan and interrupted an Eyes Only briefing to ask for advice on what to get Pepper for her birthday because Jim wasn't answering his phone.
Who’s he kidding? Steve’s been worn thin for longer than he can remember.
"Hey," Tony says softly, the sheets rustling as he closes the distance Steve's just put between them, his chest against Steve's back, chin on his shoulder and knees a gentle pressure at Steve's hips. "It's- Well, no, it's not okay, but…"
It is the very best kind of surprise when he stumbles back onto their floor to find Bucky and Nat sat on the couch together. She’s resting on his shoulder, eyes closed, while Bucky’s head is leaning against hers, both of them looking relaxed and soft, younger, and Steve’s fingers itch for a pencil so that he can make a record of this moment, have something to fall back on for those moments when Bucky seems like he’ll never be at peace again.
“Jesus, Steve. You don’t think maybe asking Stark to lie about your relationship isn’t something you should apologise for?”
"No shit?" Barton demands gleefully, at the same moment Wilson lets out a far less enthusiastic, "Oh
The asset has been expecting something like this.
It's- fuck, Tony doesn't know what time it is, but it's definitely late, or maybe early, and-
Clint takes another sip of his beer, which is perhaps emptying a little slower than Tony's is. "How's the search going?" he asks.
She pops her gum as she walks, loud and obnoxious, attention grabbing, returning the smiles of people who smile at her, smiling even brighter at those who don’t. Either way, they’re looking at her, and Nathalie does like to be noticed.
"I know I should have called you sooner," he says. "Or at all, I guess, since you're the one who called me, but I absolutely was planning to call when I got back from visiting Peggy, I swear, not that that doesn't mean I didn't keep you waiting too long, but-"
Stark arches an eyebrow. “What's that, then?”
After everything Steve’s told him, about Peggy and the war, all the things he was proud of and so fucking ashamed of, achievements and regrets and more truth than he’s told anyone in this century… Really dating or not, Steve has shared more of himself with Tony than he has with anyone nowadays and, after all of that, could Tony really have thought that Steve was hiding a past relationship from him?
knows I'm here."
"Snuck?"
"You're alive," he says; Tony assumes it's a joke, rather than surprise, relief or disappointment. "Beer?"
“I know. Natalia said I have to talk to you.”
"No problem, Mr S," Kimberly answers. "I'll have someone bring a pot of tea out to you in a few minutes."
Maybe it's time he talked to Steve.
Bucky shrugs off the apology. “Forgiven,” he answers lightly. “For that, anyway. Course, it’s not really me you should be apologising to, is it?”
tattoo on his forehead, that way we wouldn't even have to draw straws over whose turn it is to collect him, just wait until some well-meaning citizen dumps him on our doorstep."
It's a strong rope, not prone to fraying (Clint's been dragging it over a rusty nail for the last twenty minutes, and so far it's proving a lot more durable than his wrists are), and the knots are tight, professional. All in all, he's expecting FHD to struggle at sawing through the rope, but it's a matter of seconds before Clint feels it give way, and the one on his left wrist doesn't provide any more of a challenge when he turns his attention to that.
suggestion fast enough to give Steve whiplash. Steve wanted something involving dinner and a movie, walks in the park, and arguing with the press about how he had the right to date anyone he pleased, and Tony made it quite clear he didn't want a relationship outside of the bedroom.
Tony's in his armour, the strongest, sturdiest version he's built so far, utterly impenetrable to everything Tony can think of to test it against, tough enough to bring in the Winter Soldier without getting so much a scratch. It's also the most heavily armed version, the only time he's created himself a suit with more weapons than any of the War Machine ones, deadly enough to take out the Winter Soldier without needing to get close.
, he tells himself firmly.
"Get a suit to me ASAP, J," he instructs; however fast he drives, he can definitely fly faster, even if he factors in the time it'll take the suit to get to him. As an afterthought, he adds, "Oh, hey, put the wings into manufacturing, have them ready when I get back, okay?" because if he's planning on trying to make things good with Steve, it won't hurt to get Wilson on side first.
Tony follows him off the bed, reaching out again, a step forward to match each step Steve takes away from him. "I can, though," he answers, his voice the kind of glib it always is when he's trying to make something important seem insignificant. "I can one hundred percent guarantee the team will do anything and everything they can. Anything."
"Won't it?" Tony answers, eyes on the display in front of him, tracking each line of code that scrolls past.
"That wasn't-" Tony cuts himself off, not sure how to say what he means. It's not so much that he's angry JARVIS is still following that instruction – that would be like saying he
“No,” Jim answers, because brutal honesty is often the only way to get through to Tony. “It's three in the morning, Tony.”
signs as these people do and doesn't attempt to work out what's going on should be arrested for sheer lack of curiosity, Sam insists that's not actually a crime, so they wait until nightfall to make their approach, on the assumption that the majority of non-evil employees will have departed for the day.
“I remember you,” she says softly, her gaze firmly on her coffee. “You taught me to dance.”
Sam about matches his confusion, since he'd thought the conversation was actually pretty clear. "I was talking about how your old honey coming back from the dead might conceivably complicate your relationship with your new one," he says, trying not to sound like he's stating the obvious.
And then he stalls, because when talking to a dementia patient starting a conversation with
“Or you could do that, I guess,” Clint continues, tilting his bottle in Barnes’ direction.
At least, he thinks there’s going to be zero complaints, right up until the moment Steve pulls back, breaking the kiss to press their foreheads together.
"Barnes," she says, like she's testing it out, trying to work out why it's familiar, and then, smiling, "You know, I'd quite forgotten how many of Steve's friends were called James back then. Yes, I knew Bucky."
and his accidental rescue of the archer in the process, someone was bound to come looking.
Barnes accepts her hand, though he stands up under his own power. Like Sam said, it’s better not to argue with Natalia.
Steve stares at him, all stoic and silent, so much so that Sam thinks he's probably not going to get an answer, certainly not anything that relates to the conversation they're having. It's hardly surprising, what with how disinclined Steve is to talk about anything remotely personal – given how hard Natasha's been trying to set Steve up with women, Sam's fairly sure he's the only person Steve's told about his relationship with Stark – but it's definitely not any better than the state Steve was in when Sam first came down to the gym.
The asset is the hunter, the killer, the monster lurking in the shadows. It is predator, not prey.
, Tony thinks. It explains exactly nothing.
He’s still trying to convince himself of that when the elevator arrives, and Tony takes one final moment to gather himself before stepping into Steve’s living room.
“Eh, don’t mention it,” Tony tells him. “Offer stands, though, if you change your mind.”
These are their priorities, not him and Steve and the whole Bucky situation that is screwing up both their lives.
Still, Natalia’s expression leaves no room for argument, so he perches at one end, accepting Steve’s mug of coffee when she thrusts it at him, then sits down herself.
He can't ask Steve about him. Even if they were on proper speaking terms rather than the stilted awkwardness (and that's putting it mildly) that they have now, Steve is the furthest thing from an unbiased source when it comes to Barnes.
"Don't
"Hawkeye!" shouts Angry-Sad Cap. "Falcon needs backup at your four o'clock."
"Tony?" Peggy answers, smiling in a way that makes Tony think she's not absolutely sure she's got that right.
The Mark 58 is still in testing, and by far the most heavily armed of Sir's active suits; JARVIS reassesses the odds of this course of action resulting in violence, and does not find them promising.
Clint transfers his gaze from Tony to Bruce, his expression not quite as harsh as it was. "Come on, Bruce," he says, still sounding like he thinks he's being reasonable. "Are we just supposed to ignore the fact that Tony wants to go all
, and now probably isn't the time to change that. "So, what can I do for you, JARVIS?"
Steve shrugs, not about to tell Bucky that he and Tony have talked about a whole host of things but not this. Not about them, because Steve would rather have what he knows Tony is prepared to give him than to push for more and wind up with nothing.
"Tell him I'm bringing his boy home," Tony says, stepping out of the suit but not powering it down just yet – sure, he's dumb enough to take off his armour, but he's not yet so stupid to be completely unarmed around an assassin (or not one who isn't confirmed friendly, anyway, and it says nothing good about Tony's life that the qualification has to be there).
Again, Steve hesitates before answering, and for the second time today Tony feels remorseful; dick that he is, Tony had focused on his own righteous anger rather than considering how Steve might feel about being ignored for so long. Now, listening to Steve hesitate probably more than he's ever hesitated in his life, Tony has no choice but to consider it.
Bruce follows him, somehow magicking up two clean mugs on his way and putting them on the countertop. He rests a hand on Tony's shoulder, and Tony puts a lot of effort into not shrugging it off.
“Hey,” he says, mouthing lightly at the back of Tony’s neck. “Still no regrets, right?”
"Zola," Steve explains, in as much as a few barely polysyllabic words can count as an explanation. "Russians, Zola again. Hydra. It's- Nat found a file, Tony, it's-" He falters, sucking in a breath that sounds awfully like a sob (it feels that way, too, and Steve's not absolutely sure it isn't one). "The things they did to him, I can't…"
The asset cannot fight Tony Stark, not after what he did on an empty, snow-covered road twenty-three years ago. The asset cannot run from him, not when whatever happens next won't be anything more than it deserves.
“And?” Tony asks.
"Surprising as it may be, Sir has actually provided me with some guidelines regarding privacy," JARVIS confirms. "Without his permission, I am unable to provide you with any new information."
“Winter Soldier,” Bucky points out. “Goes with the territory. And, hey, if he breaks your heart, at least you know I can put a bullet in his.”
JARVIS takes a fraction of a second to remind himself that he is nothing more than programming. He follows instructions, and does not make excuses.
"So, anyway, I woke up the morning after, and he'd- He'd made breakfast for us, coffee and pancakes," Tony pauses, remembering, and it's pretty much mortifying how fond he sounds as he continues. "Swear to god, they were some of the worst pancakes I've ever had, but he'd tried so hard, and I was about to ask him if he wanted to do dinner but before I could he got all
"Yes, I think they might have," Bruce agrees softly, while Tony is still gaping as JARVIS' disloyalty (because the
: A few more days, I think. Like I said, I like it here.
is an improvement on
argument; clearly, he's decided this is a more important battle to pick.
"Fine," Tony says, which is as close to a
Then someone posts the first photo, and Maria and her team realise that all the tweets reading
handwave, then stands up in order to complete the obligatory cheek peck. "How's it going, Peg?"
"Tony," she says, gentler now, like she really thinks Tony's going to stand for being pitied by her, by anyone.
Barnes isn't sure what his face is doing, but given Stark’s reaction it's definitely doing something it doesn't normally; Stark laughs, short and not entirely amused. “Why so surprised?” he asks. “Believe me, I don't want to be a terrorist group’s plaything anymore than you do. One of those t-shirts is more than enough, you know?” Barnes
Bruce sighs again, taking the mug away from him because he's a sadistic evil monster. "Give it up, Tony. I know you were dating Steve."
Tony's an actual goddamn genius, no two ways of looking at it, but it still takes him an awfully long time to make sense of that. Not because it's in any way a complicated idea, but because he can't actually believe Clint would be
Tony blinks, quiet for a very short moment, then says, “Oh, hi Natasha. Been a while. How’s unemployment treating you?”
“You’re sure?”
"Wrong," he says. "Two weeks when I was ten. Mom and Jarvis thought it would teach me the kind of skills I couldn't teach myself, Dad was thrilled to have an excuse to get me out of the house whenever the school sent me home, and I let them all keep believing that was where I was every Wednesday evening for the next year and a half."
Usually, this is where Tony would respond with an attempt to justify his excessive caffeine consumption (a few years ago, Bruce wouldn't have had a leg to stand on where over-caffeination is concerned, but he's been strictly decaf since the Other Guy) and carry right on with what he's doing. Today, though, not only does Tony not say anything, he also hits pause on whatever it is he's watching so quickly Bruce would assume it's porn, but for the fact that he's not sure Tony would have a problem with leaving porn playing when someone walks into the room.
Barnes nods jerkily, then braces himself; as bad as Stark’s first request was, he doesn't think the second one will be any better. “And?” he asks, watching that showman’s smile dim into what might well be the most genuine smile he's ever got from Stark.
"I hadn't realised you were unaware, Sir," JARVIS replies, every bit as smug as Tony was a few minutes ago.
“Tired,” Clint answers, grimacing as he continuing the established pattern of uninformativeness. “Didn’t sleep much.”
“Oh,” Steve answers. “I’ll, um, I’ll go see him now, then. Thank you, Tony.”
, I do mean
thing later,” Sam answers, because there’s no way in hell that’s healthy. “But I’ll bite for now. How did a
Bruce shakes his head, thinking back over the last few… months, really; certainly, Tony has been both more maudlin and more irritable since they returned from Barcelona, but his behaviour changed before that. Tony's reclusivity, his increased determination to seal himself inside his workshop and never leave, his shift from eagerness to sullen reluctance to get involved in missions – all of this started months ago, and whilst at the time Bruce put it down to the revelation about his parents' deaths, he has to wonder if perhaps that wasn't the only reason.
s – but Tony doesn't actually know if he prefers neutrality when it means he's imagining how the sentence ends rather than knowing it.
, let's just leave it at that, but the things in this file, the things they did to a man who was by all accounts loyal and honest and
He should, of course. Steve hasn’t slept for more than a few hours a night in just about as long as he can remember. The serum compensates for sleep deprivation, but it can only do so much, and Steve is wearing thin.
"You're welcome, Steve," Tony tells him, taking a moment to steel himself before adding, "Look, Steve, we need to talk."
on a torture victim?” Stark demands, lunging to his feet quickly enough to send his chair skating away from him, the metallic clash as it hits a filing cabinet a jarring contrast to the white noise in Barnes’ head.
"Okay," Bruce agrees, still wearing his
This is such a non-sequitur that Steve actually pauses, trying to work through the logic that got Tony from kissing to Bucky. It doesn’t track, though, not at all, and every second Steve spends trying to figure it out is a second he’s not getting Tony naked.
"One can only dream, Ms Potts," JARVIS replies dryly.
So, he's not objecting, not really, but he's not exactly agreeing, either. Nevermind fairness, nevermind right or wrong; the fact remains that the folder contains information about the man who killed Tony's parents and Tony's pretty sure that takes precedence over the fact that that man was also Steve's best friend.
He lies. Hulk scares everyone, but Metal Man pretends well.
“You’re sure you’re okay with this?” Steve asks, reemerging from his bedroom dressed in the sort of clothes Barnes saw lots of people wear for exercise before Stark found him, except Steve’s running clothes fit much tighter than most people’s.
"He was a soldier," she says, which isn't really an answer to his question (though it's certainly a more apt response than she knows). "I think we all did things we would rather not have done back then, but, to my knowledge, Bucky never did anything he didn't have to. Does that help?"
“Jesus, Steve,” Tony says again, even quieter this time. “Come here, you big dope,” he says, halfway between instruction and invitation, standing up and holding out his arms.
It – he, the asset forcefully reminds i-
. There was no reason for her to die."
Assuming Tony ever leaves his office, that is; it’s currently getting on for nine in the evening, and Steve is still waiting for him.
They wait until Hulk has done the majority of the work before emerging from the elevator behind him. Steve makes quick work of restraining everyone who still has a pulse, while Sam proves that he's fundamentally a better person than either Steve or Tony by pausing to make sure no one else is going to die before the base is clear enough for them to put a call in to emergency services.
No, Howard wasn't a saint, and he was a terrible father, but he knew right from wrong and he kept mostly to the right side of that line. However much the war changed him, however damaged he was by part he played in ending it, Steve doesn't believe Howard was capable of true evil, the kind it would take to see a man he used to be friendly with tortured and do nothing to stop it.
Tony reaches for the closest mug, trying to stall long enough to work out what it is. He doesn't realise until it's at his mouth that the mug is unfortunately empty, but Bruce doesn't know that; Tony styles it out, smacking his lips as he puts it back down, and he still has no idea at all what the fuck Bruce could be talking about other than the obvious. Clearly, it's time to play dumb. "Sorry, me and who?"
“Indeed, Sergeant Barnes,” answers the ceiling. “I have a dedicated server containing all footage since cameras were installed. Excluding any areas that may reasonably considered private, that is.”
"Really?"
This time, Tony actually chokes on his coffee, long and hard enough that he has to raise a hand to fend off Thor’s well-meaning but most probably crippling attempts to pound him on the back.
"Would refusing actually stop you?" Tony asks, his question as rhetorical as JARVIS' was.
He's never been so happy in his life to be wrong about something.
“Steve isn’t here.”
No, Tony needs to be somewhere too public for Steve to make a scene, but not actually in the presence of the general public, which means he’s going to be making Pepper a very happy woman.
It has its masters.
"Fine, whatever," Tony cuts in, slinking back into the jet again. "I'll do better, I promise, but right now Bruce and I have a thing, okay?"
He travels a slow path up Steve’s neck, along his jaw, expecting every second to be the one where Steve tells him to stop, remembers that he doesn’t actually want this, whatever the flush on his cheeks and the hitch in his breathing and his hands slipping under the fabric of Tony’s tee-shirt might suggest.
The asset doesn't have anything in the way of hope, but he asks anyway. Nothing he has remembered yet has ever surprised him as much as when Iron Man stands down instead of butchering him.
"Help yourself," he says, gesturing to the sushi platter, and then, "Are you limping?"
“Morning,” he says lightly, getting a slight smile from Bruce and a grunt from Clint.
, Tony thinks. He knows that. This is Bruce, not Clint or Thor, and he's a lot less comfortable either hearing or sharing tales of past exploits than they are. And, even if he wasn't talking to Bruce, it's not just him he's talking about, and Steve is every bit as private as Bruce is about his sex life, so Tony should absolutely not give anything in the way of details.
"Uh-huh," Wilson manages, cradling the wingpack to his chest like it's his firstborn as they head back out of the jet. "Hey, Steve, I'm leaving you for Team Stark, hope that's not an issue."
"I'll get right on that," Bruce says amiably.
Abruptly, Steve is back in the moment before Tony kissed him, the second when he thought about stopping him, insisting on having a conversation. He probably still wouldn't be spending this morning with Tony if he'd had the willpower to insist on talking rather than sleeping together. They most likely would have ended up arguing within minutes, leaving nothing resolved and everything between them far worse than it was before, but Steve might not feel as awful as he does right now.
“What things?” he asks grudgingly.
, Tony thinks, along with a particularly emphatic
“Thank you?” Barnes manages eventually, which makes Thor beam in an only slightly dazzling way.
Since Steve's of the opinion that his words were pretty much self-explanatory, he doesn't both repeating them.
"Only because it was clearly where he was heading," Tony argues, then takes a moment to collect himself before raising his most logical of arguments. "If that wasn't what he wanted, don't you think he'd have said something since then?"
Again, he doesn’t think Steve’s going to accept, and if he actually thought Steve might be in the right frame of mind to have sex Tony wouldn’t have phrased it like that, but the flippancy does get a little laugh out of Steve.
"That's what happened," Tony says, and if that sounds overly defensive then his next words are even more so. "J, back me up."
The doors open just as silently, and Sam follows the lights down another hallway to what is undoubtedly the biggest and best equipped gym he's ever seen. Weights, mats, a boxing ring, treadmills, bikes, balance beams, the kind of obstacle course Sam's younger self could only dream of…
He makes an obviously well-practiced gesture, and the holograph above his workbench spins and grows until Clint can't not look at it, even if he also doesn't stand a chance of understanding it. "I mean, you've got your detonating arrows," he continues, indicating a line of text and an expanded diagram at the very left of the screen. "Grappling, taser, regular point-and-shoot, but I've been thinking, Bruce has been working on a formula, a molecular non-binary adhesive, might be an interesting addition, and then there's this micro-weave netting I've been playing with, tensile strength like you wouldn't believe, light enough that I should be able to put it in an arrow without altering the aerodynamics. Still having a little difficulty with the release mechanism, but I'm working on it, shouldn't be too hard, impact trigger would be really simple but it's a net, you want to trigger it when it's above someone rather than stabbing them, right?"
Because he's JARVIS, and therefore not overly inclined towards contrition (Tony's never been able to stand obsequiousness, and he sure as hell wasn't going to programme it into his creations), he doesn't get an apology, or indeed anything more than a slightly sullen silence.
“Yeah,” he answers, then adds, “Thanks, Tony.”
"Put him through," he says, graciously waiting for JARVIS to confirm it's Steve before giving the instruction.
Perhaps it is for the best that JARVIS now has a solid location for Sergeant Barnes. After all, if he could have predicted Sir's response with any level of accuracy, JARVIS would have informed him that Sergeant Barnes was in the city months ago. Certainly, he would have done so after Sir returned from Barcelona and, as Ms Potts puts it, moped endlessly about Captain Rogers not contacting him [though, of course, MS Potts does not know the identity of Sir's former partner], because if Sir can be trusted to return with the Soldier rather than attempting to harm him, Captain Rogers will return to the Tower.
Tony is still curled up next to him, still fast asleep, soft and warm at Steve's side. His breath comes in gentle little puffs against Steve's skin, his near-constant fidgeting is reduced to only the occasional twitch, and he seems more at peace now than he ever is awake.
explain why he didn't tell them that his BFF was back and enlist their help in bringing him in.
Even without the comms, Hulk's next roar is readily audible. Tony mentally debates going over to help with Operation: Retrieve Bruce, decides he's not actually that nice (after all, Steve dumped him for his murderer ex, so he deserves at least one solo Hulk wrangling mission), and then decides since Wilson isn't moving he's not going to either.
Without him, the whole thing crosses the line from extravagant to excessive, and Steve doesn't linger, scrubbing roughly at his skin and foregoing shampoo on his wet hair.
JARVIS obliges, the lights coming on slow and not quite as bright as they’d usually be. Even so, it’s enough for Sam to assess Barnes’ appearance and manner, to see the way Barnes’ eyes skip between him and Steve, all the doors and windows, anything that could conceivably be a threat. He looks dirty, unhealthily pale beneath the dirt, unhealthily thin, twitchy and tense and… resigned, Sam thinks. Like he’s expecting pain, and isn’t going to fight it.
"I'll do that, then," Bruce agrees, offering JARVIS/the room a fond smile as he heads to the cupboard for a clean plate. "Thanks, JARVIS."
Nowhere in his spotty memories can the asset remember surrendering. It wasn't in Bucky Barnes' nature, and under Hydra's control it would never have been an option.
It’s a little overcooked for Tony’s taste, but not inedibly so, and neither he nor Steve speaks for a few mouthfuls. The silence is unutterably awkward, but even if Tony’s willing to eat the
A single bullet makes its way past Hulk, pinging off of Tony's armour and eliciting a loud, "I just painted that!" from him; Steve's not sure if he's actually angry, or just shouting to be heard over Hulk's bellowing and the pained groans of his new not-friends.
Steve shakes his head.
He signs along as he speaks, in case that's FHD's preferred means of communication and he's just waiting for proof that Clint will understand him before trying it. It doesn't get a whole lot more of a reaction than just speaking did, but there's no harm in keeping it up while he doesn't need his hands for fighting.
“I’m not breaking up with you, Tony.”
For a moment, Tony tries to picture that. Wilson isn't a big guy, not compared to Steve or Thor, but he'd still need to be curled up like a hedgehog to sleep in the back of the car Tony saw earlier, and then Steve somehow has to get in there as well, like he can even sit up there without smashing his head on the roof. "Well, that's not happening."
Sam gives him a steady, stern look. "Hey, man, I'm not gonna force you to talk if you don't want to," he answers. "Just remember, I'm around if you change your mind."
"You think it was a test?"
Clint takes the elevator up to the roof, then walks out onto the overhang, sitting down and leaning his arms on the railing with his legs hanging over the edge. It's quiet, as much as the city is ever quiet, and there's no one around to get twitchy about him falling (they try to hide it, but Clint knows the only member of the team who doesn't have a problem with him sitting there is the one with a tendency to forget falls of that distance are fatal to the average Midgardian), so Clint does his best to relax.
Tony knew the two of them were only temporary, and he has no desire at all to make a scene, not when Steve’s been decent enough to wait until they’re alone to do this. That alone is a good start, Tony has to give him that much credit; God knows, the first time he broke up with someone, he wasn’t anywhere near that tactful. Of course, he was also fifteen, but that’s neither here nor there.
Sam has never been the heaviest of sleepers, but since he returned stateside he's slowly got used to not having to wake up immediately alert. He'll go back to it, now that he's hanging around with Steve and the crazies he hangs around with, there's no doubt at all about that, but for now he's fuzzy-brained, more than half asleep and not quite sure what woke him.
He's grinning, though, and Steve's having a good enough day to believe that rather than his words.
of it all, and he hasn't." Tony shakes his head, swaps his empty mug for the closest screwdriver just so that he has something to do with his hands. "I reached out, and he hasn't reached back."
If he had physical form, Tony is quite sure JARVIS would be smiling at him. As it is, JARVIS has made it quite clear he has no interest in any form other than that which he currently holds, so Tony has to settle for imagining it.
“JARVIS?” he asks, not going so far as to actually phrase his question; given that he last asked for an update approximately three minutes ago, Steve thinks JARVIS can work out his question without it.
“Then you sack it up and deal with it, punk,” says Bucky, his Bucky, jostling Steve with his elbow before, sort of cautiously, putting his arm around Steve’s shoulder. “You’ve knocked out Hitler over two hundred times, and it ain’t like you’ve never been rejected either. You ain’t gonna know unless you try.”
Wilson looks at his wrist, seems to realise he's wearing the drone control wristband rather than a watch (Tony knew he was forgetting something when he designed that), then sighs. "Anywhere we can get a bed at this time," he says. "Back of the car, if that doesn't work out."
Bruce dismisses his apology, then makes a gesture Tony interprets as an instruction to continue; Tony picks up again, slightly later on in the series of events than before Bruce's interruption.
"Smash," says Angry-Sad Cap.
“They’re hardly clothes for running in,” Natalia tells him, scathing. “You and Sam are leaving in… How many minutes was it, Sam?”
It takes a couple of seconds for Steve’s gaze to return to Tony’s face, then another couple for him to actually make eye contact again, but even so, he persists with arguing. “That’s not what I was asking. I meant… emotionally, I guess.”
It studies its reflection in a mirror until it can be certain it knows itself well enough to recognise if its face appears in news bulletins or on wanted posters. It lays false trails and avoids surveillance, doesn't stay anywhere more than a week, travels in the back of trucks, choosing its next vehicle and therefore next destination entirely at random. It sleeps under bridges and in storm drains, applying skills previously used to lift ID badges and plant evidence to stealing food from dumpsters. Sometimes it doubles back, on foot if it can't find a vehicle travelling in the correct direction.
He’s so earnest, so sincere, the way he always is, and half of Tony’s selfish, selfish heart wants to believe him, wants to think he might really be allowed to have him like that, even as the other equally selfish half wants to tell Steve to stop, to quit saying things that are only going to give him hope.
"Steve?" he calls, with an appropriate level of caution for sneaking up on a supersoldier. "You okay, bud?"
"You could have told me, J," Tony grumbles.
Precisely twenty minutes after she hung up on him, JARVIS announces the arrival of Natasha's email. She has to have done it deliberately – not even the Black Widow can so perfectly gauge the time it'll take to finish a mission – and Tony spares half a second to be irritated at her for making him wait before flicking away the footage of the Winter Soldier in action, replacing it with holograms of every page of the file Natasha's sent. He picks back up the gauntlet he's been fiddling with (not altering, not improving, just fiddling, checking it's in good working order despite the fact that JARVIS would report it if there was a problem) while he waited.
Today, Stark Satellite Romeo-Echo-Charlie-Zero-November Prime is over New York, and JARVIS has a confirmed location for Sergeant Barnes, absolutely accurate and, JARVIS concludes with 97% certainty, it is a semi-permanent location, most probably a makeshift domicile. He no longer has an excuse not to report it.
(Okay, fine. Playing dumb is clearly not one of Tony's many strengths.)
Bruce is still silent, though his expression is now more thoughtful than it is perturbed. Tony tops off his coffee again while he waits, because it's definitely not his turn to say anything more, and eventually Bruce seems to get his thoughts in order enough to speak up. "Something else happened in Spain, though, didn't it? You've been a lot more…
Peach x
JARVIS doesn't answer immediately, delaying longer than Bruce has ever known him to. It can't possibly take him so long to work out whether offering confirmation is within his parameters, so Bruce has to assume it results from a conflict between what he wants to do, what he considers to be of greatest benefit to Tony, and what he thinks Tony actually wants him to do.
The blueprints detail just how everything needs to be connected so that instructions can travel from the brain one way and sensations like pressure and temperature and fucking pain can go the other way. Pressure, Tony can understand, and there's no real reason for the arm not to be able to detect differences in temperature, but pain? Pain is supposed to be the body's way of announcing that there's a problem and that the owner of the body needs to stop whatever they're doing until they've recovered. There's no need to put fucking pain receptors in a metal arm, not when any damage could be repaired with solder and replacement wires in just a few minutes. The only reason to make the arm capable of feeling pain is because they intended to cause pain.
"Huh," Clint says, heading back inside. He uses the dead guy's thumb to unlock his phone, then dials JARVIS, having forced the number to stick in his brain after one too many instances of regaining consciousness to find his phone smashed or missing. It rings twice, same as always, and then there's an empty, absolute silence, also same as always when JARVIS doesn't know the number that's calling him.
The team are all far too sure of their ability to rescue each other from near certain doom for anyone to agree to that, though, so Barnes is just going to have to accept it.
Since SHIELD recruited him, it's a trap he's worked damn hard to avoid falling into, and aside from the occasional bender after a broken marriage or having his brain taken over by a psychotic alien deity, he's not done too badly.
“I really would,” he says, tugging until Steve stands up as well. “I like you a lot too, Steve.”
FHD makes a noise that isn't a laugh, but it maybe isn't
"I assure you, I have been the very soul of discretion, Sir," JARVIS answers, every fan in the room whirring just a bit faster to display his indignation.
Pepper rubs her temples in a futile attempt to dispel her budding Tony-headache. "I understand that, Tony," she says, with as much patience as she can muster. "But Fujikawa Industries are threatening to pull out of the deal I've spent the last six months working on if you aren't in on the meeting. Obviously, the world takes precedence, but if I find out that you're absent for any reason other than averting mass destruction then so help me God I will serve you your balls on a plate. Is that clear?"
"I do my best," he answers, flippancy being about the only way he's ever been able to react to a compliment, particularly one as sincere as Peggy’s is. Well, that and arguing, because if he tries to balance the deaths he's caused against the lives he's saved, Tony doesn't think he's out of the red yet, but if he argues then Peggy will argue back and he doesn't want to upset her more than he has already.
Steve’s there before he’s finished speaking, holding Tony against him, close and warm and very firm.
“That wasn’t-” Steve starts, then has to stop himself, because he can’t honestly say he didn’t ask Tony to lie for him. No, the most he can do is say that he didn’t ask Tony to lie to everyone. “I mean, it was only you I asked him not to tell. He chose not to tell the others.”
“You think I want
He should be sleeping, but there’s no chance in hell of that happening.
Wilson looks at him, not entirely approvingly. "D'you think that's a question you should be asking him instead?"
getting it over with quickly, but Tony, idiot that he is, follows Steve’s unspoken instruction to sit, then watches in faint confusion as Steve collects a plate of burger buns from the worktop, followed shortly by a plate of burgers, a bowl of fries, and a stack of cheese slices.
"Whoa," Clint answers, hands raised in surrender, or maybe like he's trying to distance himself from Tony's suggestion, though it's much too late for either option to make things any better. "Come on, you know that's
Steve lets out a little half-sob, pressing his face against Tony’s shoulder. “He asked me why his cell didn’t lock from the outside,” he says, the words coming out slightly muffled but no less anguished for that fact. “He wanted to know why I wasn’t imprisoning him every night!”
The asset takes two tentative steps out of his bedroom, then pauses again. There’s still nothing, and so he continues his cautious walk in the direction of the elevator.
"Damn right you couldn't," Sam agrees immediately. "Ain't no one else would have put up with you moping around as long as I have."
"It's not ideal," Steve says through the comms from where he's trying to corral Hulk. "But we've managed it before."
"You've been down here long enough to trip some kind of safety protocol, Steve," he says, since there's no point at all in beating around the bush. "That's not exactly
“Yeah, whatever,” Tony says, still frowning at the junk.
Tony tugs one hand free, making a sweeping gesture he intends to convey
It would be nice if, this time, they could just give it a miss. Steve knows that he's not okay. A part of him is still reeling over the fact that Bucky's alive, a much bigger part of him is in agony over Bucky running from him, a third is regretful and a hell of a lot more hurt by things with Tony ending than he thought he'd be, a fourth is raging over the fact that Hydra survived and grew so powerful, a fifth is full of guilt over destroying Peggy's life's work as well as endangering the lives of so many SHIELD employees, and all of those and every other part of him is messed up to the nth degree.
"Really. Bucky was… I won't tell you I didn't love him – I did, more than anything – but not like that."
It sounds like a dismissal, so Tony just says a slightly too emphatic, "Thank you, Natasha," and expects that to be it.
, what the hell. "I am JARVIS, Mr Stark's AI."
"That was fucking rhetorical! He murdered my parents! There's nothing you can say to justify helping Steve find him,
"I don't want to talk about it, Bruce."
Barnes has killed enough innocents in his too long lifetime.
It's smarter to keep them, he thinks, and the scrunched up balls of paper at the bottom of his duffel would be entirely safe if Sam didn't one day decide to do their laundry while Steve is out buying food for them.
. "And of course I want to be, it's just… Bucky."
Though, actually, Clint's pretty sure she's disguised herself as homeless a time or two in order to keep an eye on somewhere, so it's not like she has a leg to stand on. Or would have, if she were here. Which she isn't.
Nat, Bruce and Clint promptly point to three different cupboards, though there’s absolutely no prize for guessing which one of them is right; Steve gets eight plates out of Nat’s cupboard, figuring Sam is going to show up seeking food as soon as he gets back from his run, and since Nat has apparently decided she and Bucky are friends, Steve can take a plate down to Tony after they’re done eating.
"Are you okay, Tony?" Bruce asks, despite it being very clear that Tony is
It feels like the right decision as soon as he’s said it, and only a little bit of that is the smile Steve gives him, stupidly wholesome and relieved and… Fuck, just so Steve about it all.
"Tony-"
“Yeah, well, I’m not-”
She shifts closer, and then closer still, leaning against Barnes’ side and resting her head on his shoulder. It’s the longest someone has touched him without intending to cause suffering in more time than Barnes can remember, and while he doesn’t feel entirely comfortable with it, he also doesn’t
He stands up, feet still on the couch cushions, then hops to the ground. “Yep,” he says lightly. “That’s what I’ll do. You want another beer?”
[Protecting Sir from himself is far and away the hardest part of JARVIS' job.]
Natalia makes him draw straws over who gets to deliver what she refers to as
, because it's fucking ridiculous that he's trying to justify his childhood, even more so that he's trying to do so to Bruce, whose father was one of the shittiest shits to ever procreate. "Not like you guys had. No one ever hit me, or whatever."
"No, maybe not," Bruce agrees. "Still, I think you should consider calling him. At the very least, he owes you an explanation."
“Bucky being there,” Steve explains, once he’s managed to steer his brain back to the topic at hand. “Or, not warning you he would be, I guess. Natasha decided we were all going to eat here, and-”
He’s a fucking liability, is what he is.
The asset was not anticipating being given a choice, but it’s not a difficult decision to make. The thought of leaving completely makes him anxious; even when he believed it was his prison cell, it never really occurred to him to try to escape. He has survived his entire life without any of the luxury he is now surrounded by, so that plays no part in his decision to stay, but the safety that comes with having at least one Avenger in the building at all times is invaluable.
,” Stark says, in a voice that is the closest thing to a snarl Barnes has heard since he got here, and then closes his eyes. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he takes three exaggeratedly deep breaths before opening his eyes again and glaring at Barnes.
"Okay," Steve finally manages. "Sam and I have cased the last place JARVIS sent coordinates for, and it's a lot bigger than we'd anticipated. You gotta know, I wouldn't be calling you if I didn't have to, but I think we're gonna need backup on this one. I thought- I was hoping you might ask Colonel Rhodes if he could assist."
, but Sam can see it going there if he gives the wrong answer.
"Okay, fine, he won't argue
Tony waves away the apology with the hand holding the water bottle. “It’s fine, Steve,” he says, handing over first the towel and then, once Steve has patted himself slightly dryer, the bottle; Tony waits for him to drink his fill before adding, “Do you want to talk about it?”
