“Steve you really- ”
Tony flushed. “I do,” he confirmed quietly.
When The Commandos first started popping up, Barnes had acquired the name
"No, I'm not," he answered, giving a broken laugh. "I'm
Barton strolled out from the other side of the car. “Oh yea. Kid squealed like a pig,” he chuckled.
His eyes had been opened. He saw the man behind the curtain, he saw the true face of the system on how the country worked, and it sickened him. Riley’s father was just the beginning. War profiteering, lobbying, hush money, scandals. They circled him like buzzards, suffocating him.
“However, I think this job was a reminder that we aren’t as invulnerable as we like to think. It’s been a while since we faced a threat such as HYDRA. We can’t keep running around with our heads in the sand.”
Tony shook his head, his mind coming up blank. “HYDRA?”
“Uh,” Pietro fumbled. “Well, we dissected a frog?”
"Wait, Clint, don't!" he yelled, grabbing at the man. "You go in here, he'll roast you." He could see the argument building in Clint's mouth, eyes alight with rage, but Tony placated him before he could utter a single word. “There’s a maintenance entrance this way,” he stated, tugging on Clint’s arm. “We’ll sneak through without Obie noticing.” Clint followed wordlessly, but he could feel the buzzing tension radiating off him.
Sam nodded, unable to make eye contact with his friend. “Where are you heading next?”
Clint replied.
Unfortunately, he was going to have to choose one or the other. While they're partnership was in its early phases, Justin was more than happy to sit on the sidelines, only providing the occasional mercenary or bank deposit when asked. They had all been on the same side - sure, they each wanted something specific, but in order to accomplish them, they shared a common goal: the end of Tony Stark and The Commandos. But now, after this discussion with Stane, Justin could see the bridge that they'd built had collapsed; unfortunately for him, he'd let Stane and Pierce hold on to the reins for too long that he didn't see the rifts that were forming. His other partners were playing a different game, one with a more dangerous stake, and for the first time, Justin wasn't sure he wanted to participate. But something told him that he wasn't going to be able to bow out of this one.
Tony sighed before looking at his untouched dinner. “Don’t think you’re off the hook, young man,” he said at Pietro. “Your father and I will still be having a talk about your trip to the principal’s office.”
Tony sprung up, only to have a sharp pain course over his arm.
This was very bad.
Steve had a move to grace after his friend when a woman’s shrill scream caught his attention. Drawn like a mouth to a flame, Steve raced to the edge of the building, looking down at the large crowd that formed below.
I’m telling you, these people are fucking nuts. And that’s coming from me.”
Steve scoffed. “Tony, I told you to stop watching those cop shows.”
“Extremis.”
“I’m not even going to start this argument with you; I’ll let Tony deal with this when he wakes up,” Pepper responded, her tone trying to come across as light. “Why don’t you go home and clean up? The doctors say it will be a while before he comes around.”
Loki waited until he heard the thuds of Thor’s steps as he stomped up the stairs. Once silence encased him again, he reached out, ignoring the food, and grabbed the knife. Not wasting any time, he followed the chain that connected to his ankle, the very chain that ensured his capture for weeks, all the way back to the wall. During the day, he throws his pillow up against it so they can’t see the progress he’s made. The chain had been bolted to the wall, and with such limited options, Loki has been forced to chink away at the old stone behind the blots in order to even dream of escaping. It was all too easy to get his hands on the knife. While usually one of The Captain’s goons sat and watched him eat, whenever Thor would be sent down, Loki just bit out a few cutting remarks to have the man and his damaged ego running for the hills.
Outside, he could already hear the rest of the neighborhood waking up, rising with the sun. It wouldn’t be long before the street was filled with the buzz of lawnmowers and the screaming laughter of children.
Steve’s eyes snapped back over to Hill. She couldn’t have lied again, could she?
The briefcase went clattering the floor as Tony was surrounded, arms pinned by the blonde.
"Well, then," Obie's voice cut through the chatter of the room, other conversations halting immediately. Obie always had that sort of power; one simple word and the room would go quiet, waiting with bated breath to see what he would say next. A true American businessman. "I guess we should get started."
Clint stumbled over the same way, just making it out of sight of the incoming police cars for him to collapse to the ground, entire body trembling.
Zola continued, completely unbothered by Steve’s ill-contained fury.
Pierce grinned. “Get another bomb ready.” He hung up the phone and leaned back comfortably in his chair.
“I didn’t know,” Tony babbled, body shaking. “You have to believe me, I didn’t know, I didn’t know it was him.”
“Do you hear me? I will never love Peggy. I couldn’t possibly love anyone else, not after him.” Steve glanced back to Tony.
Steve thought to himself.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You know he doesn’t even know who you are.”
The Captain frowned, turning back towards Barton. “I’ll give you twenty minutes. Try not to kill him.” And with that, The Captain stormed out, leaving the two alone.
Steve brushed a kiss against Tony’s forehead. “It’ll get easier.”
Current mood: Natasha Romanoff eating a depressing PB&J in End Game.
-------------------------
“Clint?” he asked immediately, disregarding how hoarse his voice sounded.
Steve nodded, grabbing his gun back and taking off after Stark. “We need a plan. Bucky and Clint are outnumbered out there.”
“Steve, I can understand why this is frustrating for you.”
"Someone else was there," he whispered. "J, zoom and enhance."
Steve shook his head, ignoring the smaller man to look around Natasha’s apartment. “Nice place,” he commented, but his eyes hardened on the sandwich sitting on the kitchen table.
“Now?” Tony gasped as Steve jammed a thigh between his legs, Tony unable to stop himself from rutting against the hard plane.
Rogers walked over slowly, sitting down across from himself.
“Get us to your people. Bruce will know what to do.” The car lurched as Barnes threw the car into drive, the three men finally leaving the frozen river behind.
“Shit,” Delmar whispered. It all made sense. After Washington, Captain America had gotten rid of SHIELD. HYDRA would have needed a way to stay in control, to make sure that some of the organization lived on after the failure in Washington. That’s why Barton was never called out. He was the cockroach that SHIELD never managed to squash; always primed and ready to go at a moment’s notice.
“You lied to me.”
“I can think of a few reasons,” Bucky whispered under his breath.
“It would have been worse if you didn’t have him, and you know it.”
“What the hell is happening?” Barnes shouted, head snapping between Tony and the EKG monitor.
Steve’s gaze hardened. “Nat, it’s not safe out there. You can’t pull that stunt again; I need to keep you all safe. I can’t do that if you decide to go radio silent for a month.”
you got that? I’m serious, Clint. We’ve kept Phil under the radar this whole time; the last thing we need right now is you blowing his cover because of this new info. You need to trust that Phil can take care of himself, okay?”
He’s the Big Brother of Brooklyn; he’s everywhere and he’s nowhere. He moves so quick that by the time someone catches wind of a potential heist, The Captain and his crew have come and gone, and probably half way through two other jobs. It was because of all this uncertainty that Tony tried to distance himself as much as possible. Tony thrived on information - it was his main currency. He didn't give The Commandos more than a second glance when they first showed up, and then, not even a month later, he was waking up to a morning without the looming threat of HYDRA. Since then, he tried valiantly, collecting any scrap of information that he could on the illusive team, trying to slap together their story. But he's never gotten a full picture. So until then, they remain a threat. One that Tony plans onto continue to avoid.
You know what’s sick?” Steve hissed. “Watching your home burn to the ground knowing that your family is on the inside burning with it. Do you think they screamed? Can you imagine how they felt? Trapped in a burning inferno as the skin melted from their bones. Do you know their pain? I do. I feel it,” Steve continued, pointing at his chest. “I can feel the flames in my body, the pains in my chest. I can hear their screams sounding in my head. So no, you don’t get to leave. You don’t get to run. They didn’t to run. They only felt pain. And that’s the only thing you’ll feel as well.”
Tony shook his head quickly. Steve could see him wringing his hands, yanking and pinching at his calloused skin. It was a common practice of his, one that Steve had been privy too many times. It was if Tony had a sliver of him that was the same as the machines he worked on. He was always moving in some way shape or form – pacing throughout his lab, gesturing animatedly with his hands as he spoke, feet tapping in time with the clicks of his fingers against a keyboard, head bobbing as he worked over open guts of a car. Steve had found that Tony even twitched in his sleep, murmuring something unintelligible before twisting around to burrow into Steve’s side. There was only one time that Steve had seen Tony still, and it was when he was laying small in frail in bed, after being pulled from the bowels of the New York underground. It was a scene that Steve prayed he never saw again.
“I’m gonna stop you right there, Cap,” replied Tony, finally looking over at Steve. “Because it’s never just dinner with you. After dinner, you’re going to say, ‘
Tony’s heart fluttered painfully. “So?”
Sam didn’t reply, but she knew he understood. When she was walking to the bathroom, she’d looked at elevator, mainly the indicator above the doors. The glowing red light had read 3. Logically, she knew that there was a chance that Fury went down to a floor and someone else used the elevator, bringing it a different floor, but it was a better option that trying to go floor by floor. They didn’t have the time for that.
Steve opened his mouth so snap back when a groaning from the ceiling grabbed his attention. He barely moved out of the way before debris came crashing through to the first floor.
Steve leaned forward, pressing a kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth, watching it tick up into a smile as he pulled away. “Not quite,” he replied. “You trust me?”
"Please," Obie snorted. "HYDRA isn't out there. It's just a scam started by the cops to keep the other mobs from running rampant in the streets."
But then anger, that raging fire that had been building up inside, almost cost him his life. He’d been careless, glossing over the mission and his equipment check over, his head stewing with Riley’s latest escapade. It wasn’t until after he jumped that he realized the problem.
Barnes moaned appreciatively, slamming the now empty cup down against the counter. “You’re supposed to be on bed rest,” he said smugly. “No coffee for you.”
“Tony?”
Steve chuckled, suddenly feeling nervous. The last thing Steve wanted was for Tony to up and run again. Adding the pressure of forcing a full time mob position might not get the results he wanted. Steve already made a mistake with Thor; he wouldn’t dare try the power play again. “Unless, of course, you-you, uh, don’t want to. It’s up to you, I mean. If you wanna join. Because, let’s face it, you’re you, and we’re, uh, us, and- ”
Barton however, remained unimpressed, staring at Tony with a blank face. “I haven’t been myself,” the man answered quietly. “I’m glad you’re back, though. The team is stronger with you here.” Tony could see the door starting to shut on his face so he stumbled forward, stopping it.
the voice crackled over the radio.
“Well, we think we’re finally closing in on someone.”
“So am I,” Steve responded, but ripped the foil to slip the condom on anyway. “But it’s your first time. Condom stays on.”
“Tony?” he asked.
The silence, however, was cut off by soft steps approaching the lab. At first, Tony had thought it was Steve, no doubt coming to collect him. But while Steve had gotten better at his stealth, with extensive training with Natasha, the man always walked towards Tony with heavy steps because he knew how much Tony hated the idea of people sneaking up behind him.
Bucky whirled around, looking at a pale Stark. “Can you track his phone?”
Clint flew back up the stairs and breathed in relief when he saw the rest of his team in the briefing room. Not even caring for formalities, he burst in and grabbed Tony, pulling him back to the stairwell.
Anything was better than that first day, when Clint finally came too. The man had been an absolute wreck. No one could even figure out what was spewing out of Clint’s mouth half the time. Hell, it took Thor to try and pin the man down. Of course Clint, being the slippery bastard he was, managed to dart away into the night, no doubt to try and find any sign of Phil. He and Steve had barely managed to catch up to him before Clint was able to charge into the precinct demanding Pierce’s blood.
“As long as we both shall live,” Tony whispered against his lips. “No matter what happens.”
“Have you lost your mind?! You let Stark live and he’ll take everything you’ve got. Everything I’ve got! You’ll see what he becomes.”
he had called him - before sitting down and telling him about everything. Filling in his gaps of knowledge on the what his had did behind closed doors, on the SSR, on Steve Rogers. On how they really died.
Nearly everyone on the crew had been met with this face – excluding Bruce of course. Tony was always so many steps in front of everyone, solving problems that the others didn’t even no existed yet.
Enjoy!
“Get up to your office,” Obie hissed in his ears. “I’ll deal with you once I clean up your mess.”
Steve gripped his forehead, rubbing gently. “Better. I guess.”
Obadiah hummed, shaking his head. “That’s not how this works. I hired you, not the other way around. And after your last botched effort, if you want this favor, you better have an incentive for me.”
“Can’t we just eat here? I swear, Steve. I’m almost done.”
Steve took a deep breath before entering his office, a very pissed Bucky following close behind. Walking in, he wasn't surprised to see Stark had already taken the seat behind his desk. Steve's fists tightened against his sides, but he decided against instigating another argument.
Tony clenched his jaw.
“Bad day?”
“Loki was right,” Sam added. “HYDRA found out that Stark was still working with us and retaliated.”
Steve blinked. That certainly wasn’t what he expected to hear. “I’m sorry?”
Steve sighed. “None of this makes sense.”
“Then camping,” Steve agreed, chest light and high on affection, a dopey smile plastered on his face.
This is a nightmare.
Tony didn’t answer, the man already out of his chair. If it wasn’t Rhodey, there was only one other army man that would come to his office. “Get rid of him, Pep. You can very go well and tell
“One?”
“And?”
“Yeah, they were something,” Obie laughed, Tony unable to stop himself from joining in.
Steve nodded, squeezing Clint’s shoulder one last time. He walked back over to Tony and helped him up. Steve couldn’t stop himself from placing another kiss on Tony’s lips. He would never get over Tony’s kisses.
Obie sighed before downing the rest of his drink.
“Mr. Stark, they know you have a relationship with The Commandos. Need I remind you that they are one of the most powerful mobs in all of New York. You really think that they’ll stop at just weapons?”
And now? Now it seemed like they were too late.
"Ladies and gentlemen, if you could please find your seats, we can begin."
Gleaming, white teeth shone through a wide smile. “Tony,” Steve breathed, letting out a strangled laugh. “Tony, you- ”
Pepper shot him a dirty look. “The game? Tony, this is serious!” she cried.
“I know you know more about them than I ever will. But I’ll always worry about you. I just want you to be
Steve snorted into the phone. He had to hand it to the guy; that wasn’t one you heard every day. “You expect me to believe that?” Steve scoffed.
Tony shrugged, wiggling them slightly. They were healing slowly, but healing none the less. Tony still had to leave most of the delicate work to Yinsen, but it wouldn’t be long before the bones and stitches would be completely mended.
Tony walked over to the far lab table that was covered in a sheet, before ripping it off. Steve could barely hear Bucky’s gasp over his own.
“You already did.” With that, that man pulled out a gun, shooting Banner down.
“What?”
Clint laughed softly, ending in another groan. Steve stepped closer to the man, trying to bracket him, finding any way to lessen his pain. Any response Steve was going to give was cut off by Natasha entering the room, followed by the doc.
Clint looked away, stinging tears starting to drip down his face again. “Stark,” he bit out before adding a wobbly, “
“Can I help you?” a voice sounded behind him.
Tony sighed. "JARVIS, if I wanted to just fuck around, I would have asked DUM-E to handle this."
“Please, you gotta help me,” the blonde forced out, before he lost consciousness.
Tony smirked back at him, his eyes gleaming. “Patience, dear Captain.”
“Well I’m going to need you to try harder. Tony, we can’t keep taking hits like this. We’re still trying to pull ourselves out of this whole Stane mess. We’re going to need something big to make up for all the business we lost after dropping weapons manufacturing.”
swinging as it opened.
Tony was very adamant about his position on Asgard, one that he lectured on immensely. Hell, even Thor knew what he thought of them. Tony shuddered at the memory, how years ago him and Thor almost brought both of their companies toppling down to the ground.
Steve nodded, following Tony’s train of thought.
Steve made the last turn in his run, heading back to the tower. He felt the sheen of sweat that had formed during his route. Turns out running while the sun was high the sky actually got him to break a sweat.
Looking around, Tony took in the state of the rest of the office. Scraps of paper, their memories, their
Trying to clear his head, Steve stomped down the last few steps, walking down the dark hallway to one of their ‘interrogation rooms’. Steve had left Thor in charge of Hammer’s last survivor while he catered to the injured with Bruce, so with the two of them together, Steve didn’t think it would take much for the guy to break.
“Remember what you told me?” Steve asked. “The first time we talked about Tony and us, about the possibility of all of us being together. You said that you wanted to wait to make sure that Tony felt the same way, because he had a history of putting other people’s happiness before his.”
“You don’t have to lie to me, Steven Rogers. Because it is a lie, isn’t it? You don’t know any of their secrets. You just know where to find them.” When Steve didn’t answer, The Skull continued. “I’m right, aren’t I? They’re not inside your head; they’re in a bunch of file cabinets. And the SSR chose you to be the keeper, didn’t they?”
“But they’ll kill you!”
Steve’s gaze remained transfixed on the eyepatch pulled over his bald head.
under his breath. That was, until he started singing, new twisted words replacing the melody.
“So, let me get this straight,” said Bucky. “We just spent the last three hours choosing between sheet colors for nothing?”
"What's going on?"
“So we’ve got nothing,” whispered Clint. All eyes turned towards Bucky. “What do we do?”
Tony groaned.
The plan, or the one that Tony thought they were going with, was a typical call and response. Back in his office last week, Tony and The Commando's boss stayed late into the night, perfecting it. They knew they needed to get the spotlight off of them so they could plan their next moves against HYDRA. Of course, given their rival's recent motives of massacring two of Tony's employees, they knew that both HYDRA and the police would be circling Tony's activities.
“The police already know about Tony; I took care of it,” Steve said.
Steve looked away, his chest constricting painfully. Tony was right; he had no room to criticize the man for keeping in touch with some of his own people. Hell, Steve did that with Thor. At least Tony had the decency to keep them at arm’s length; a decency that Steve never afforded him. A part of Steve just wanted to run to Tony and spill everything; after all the man had done for The Commandos, Steve owed him at least that courtesy. Tony had proved himself enough.
Clint clutched at his heart in fake dramatics. “What, I can’t come visit my favorite twins?”
Romanoff chuckled. “What happened is that you just finished an interrogation with Clint Barton. Congratulations.”
After a sizeable hole was formed in the bots chest, Tony turned off the blowtorch, letting the metal cool before diving in hands first. Without the sounds of the blowtorch, the silence in the lab was deafening, but Tony made no inclination of turning on some music. His head was already pounding; the last thing he needed was him having an aneurism from AC/DC coupling with the agony that was already swirling inside his brain.
He sighed again, staring at the alley in front of him. It was his usual spot, behind a closed down factory. It came with the added convenience of the still working furnace. It was an easy disposal of the body once he was done.
. My name brings nothing but death, Bucky, and now you, Tony, and everyone else is gonna die because of me.”
Fury had mentioned in the next hour, but given that the place will be packed with reporters, this was the type of story to be breaking news, right at the top of the hour.
Tony Stark was not his father.
“You’re such a romantic,” Steve remarked dryly.
“I don’t care,” answered Tony.
"What a patriot," laughed Tony. Mind made up, he grabbed his keys and sidearm and head to the door. "Don't wait up for me, dear. Daddy's got a little work to do."
Steve rolled his shoulders. He could do this. This man was getting nothing from him.
Steve opened his mouth to respond, but Natasha grabbed them both by the collar, dragging them out of the room, Thor not far behind. She pulled them up the stairs where everyone else was waiting and sat them down.
“You heard me,” Fury answered plainly. “Why is Clint Barton your emergency contact?”
Tony lounged in his seat, feigning relaxation while he really sat tense as a coil. Odinson had gone to put Loki back into his cell, while the rest of the team filtered back into the main room, following Barton. While the team was expecting answers, Barton had rushed past them all, mumbling something about Coulson before leaving to no doubt make a call to the man. When Barton returned, however, he was paler than when he left, pacing around the room with shaking hands. Whatever he had learned while talking with Loki, it couldn’t be good.
But Clint wasn’t buying any of it. He sent everyone away once he was basically put under house arrest. He wouldn’t even let Nat in.  What was worse was that with each passing day, the more Bucky realized that it wasn't like last time. Peggy's death hadn't been Bucky's fault, it was HYDRA. Logically, Steve knew that, but losing a loved one like that, he more than deserved to take it out on the only person within hearing distance. But Coulson? Well, Bucky wasn't exactly convinced that it wasn't his fault. For as much as he could try and convince himself that he made the right choice, that what he did was the best scenario, he couldn't get past the the issue that regardless of that, he'd still left Coulson there. He'd just tucked and run; it
“Oh, Steve,” Tony sighed, crouching down besides him, trying to pull him up. “I didn’t say it to make you feel bad. I mean, I get it, and- ”
But this one was different. He wasn’t really sure how, but days went by, then weeks, then months, and it finally hit him.
“I was supposed to meet him at the safe house after I got rid of Iron Man and Captain America.”
“Props to them,” Tony added, typing furiously. “They’re making the theme work for them.”
Barton sighed. “What a letdown.”
“It doesn’t matter what you call it,” Phil continued. “What matters is the team dropping everything to come find me. Pierce is watching you guys like a hawk – any slip up and one of you actually
“Speak for yourself,” Bucky said next to him, dropping an unconscious agent to the ground. “I think we’re almost done here.”
Tony groaned, and started to pace the length of his office. “I need to do something.”
“No, I asked him to help. He’s good; I thought if anyone could find HYDRA, it would be him.”
“Well,” Steve blushed. “Technically, we haven’t- ”
Tony said – and most certainly
“That’s one way to put it,” Steve responded. “Follow him after the drop off; let him stumble around until he finds an ally.”
Loki’s blood froze.
Raza ignored him. “I need this. I need the Jericho missiles.”
Tony pulled at Steve’s sweater, the other man getting with the program to pull it over his head. Tony duked his head immediately, pressing his ear against warm,
“Clint!” Tony cried. The blonde tried to dodge, but to no avail, thrown clear of the lobby and through the connecting wall.
“I don’t understand. Where am I?”
Tony sighed as he heard Pepper hang up. He turned back around back around to his baffled guests.
“Great, murder and assault. I can feel the years’ sentence piling up.”
Rogers heart was pounding as he entered Natasha’s home. She was sitting on the couch smoking. When Rogers entered, she looked up at him with fearful eyes.
“Not until I can give you a solid number on how many there are. Taking one of their men to find The Monger won’t be worth it when the rest of the pack starts butchering New York with a craving for your blood.”
“They could be in danger!”
- And thirdly, just because I'm a stubborn engineer, and my brain won't shut up about the fact that there is no way that Tony Stark could have built a suit in a sewer based off the weapons that I pictured him having. (My brain is so lame and has no imagination).
“Sorry, dear,” Tony apologized, dropping a gentle kiss on Steve’s forehead. “Bucky will get you some pain killers.”
Steve’s jaw clenched, sticking a hand out which Thor immediately took to help him up. He glared at the back door, no doubt to lead Steve to wherever Hammer and his men were being kept.
Rogers groaned.
In any other lifetime, he was sure he would have never ended up there.
“Clint, I know I said what we needed to talk, but I need to go find this guy. I’m not gonna leave Tony to- ”
“I’m sorry?” the Commissioner asked.
“We weren’t supposed to make a move on them for months, but yet here you are, guns blazing, ruining my
“You’re right. Stark getting involved in all of this could be… troubling. The way he's running things right now has him helping us against HYDRA, but let’s be honest. I don’t see the man lying down on the wire for us any time soon. He needs to be the smartest guy in the room: find a way to help, but also have an escape route.”
Steve bit his lip, tearing his eyes away to look down the hallway where Tony was still sleeping. Logically, he knew that the team was doing everything they possibly could help Tony, but every time he saw the brunette lying frail in that hospital bed, Steve was sent back over the deep end. “How is he doing?” Clint probed.
“It’s alright, Sam,” she soothed the man, grabbing his arm and squeezing it in an iron grip. The man relented immediately, letting her lead him back to Fury’s office. “What floor are we on?” she asked quietly.
How are we doing? You all still with me?
"You're welcome."
One of Steve’s hands came up to cradle over his, pushing Tony tighter against him as a smile tugged at his lips. One of Tony’s favorites. It was so small, small enough that sometimes it could be missed, but Tony was more than happy to lose storage capacity in his brain to remember the signs of that smile. Tony liked to think of it as a reflex, an unconscious action – that even though the blonde may have had his Captain face painted on, there was a little piece of Steve that broke through the surface.
“But I should’ve.”
“Yea. Pepper’s handling everything back at SI. I also had Happy look into the remaining firemen still hanging around. Everyone else checks out. They’re safe.”
Tony’s eyes softened, leaning into Steve’s touch. “Yeah, Steve. I’m not going anywhere. Not this time.” Steve would have been lying if he hadn’t shuddered when Tony used his real name. “Besides, there’s only one way we’re gonna beat these guys.”
and no, I didn’t want to leave this weight with you, but I needed to know that he was okay.”
“I’m sorry, you what?” Steve gaped. The four of them were gathered at the kitchen table, Phil having ushered them there for coffee and leftover coffee cake. And to talk about the three of them that were absolutely not supposed to be there.
“Not just me,” Barnes retorted.
“I think you’d have to ask Dr. Coulson that,” Steve drawled.
“Pepper, I- ”
“Is that what it said on the warrant? Correct me if I’m wrong, Commissioner, but don’t you only give out warrants to people you’re going to arrest?”
Phil found himself standing frozen, mouth gaping open for the second time that night. The call wasn’t long, but Phil soaked up every detail; the man didn’t even have time to respond before the man had hung up the phone.
Tony was gone.
that you had something to do with it,” Tony murmured, eyes wide as he scrolled through his phone. “Look at this,” he said to Steve handing the phone over. Clint caught the towns local website pulled up on the screen. He knew the article that Tony found. He knew what the headline read.
Sam smiled sadly to himself, stepping off the sidewalk to walk across his front lawn. Wherever they were, Sam just hoped they still had some semblance of the feeling.
Tony shook his head. “No, just sore is all.”
Tony startled. “Are you kidding me?”
Steve was getting frantic. He was almost back down to the main floor, the blood trail he was following not getting any smaller. If Tony had gotten hurt again, it would end Steve. Steve had promised that after everything that had happened, he would never lost sight of Tony again. And yet, here he was, searching for his potentially injured lover. Again.
breathing in the familiar scent, as Steve walked over to his dresser to pull another shirt out for himself. The cotton stretched over his chest, covering remnants of love bites and red scratches, almost erasing any evidence of their previous activities.
“Not doing him any favors right now,” Rhodes grit out.
“Steve, I- ”
“Sir?”
Clint was speechless. Pepper had just ripped him a new one. It was like getting his ass handed to him by a middle school teacher. Except Clint had a feeling that this was worse.
“Ma’am, we really are sorry,” a deep voice answered. “We’re just trying to find our friend.”
Steve didn’t answer. He didn’t have an answer for that either.
“Ward, I need you to put out a few men to tail Obadiah Stane.”
Barnes reached out and grabbed his arm, squeezing hard. “I already told you, I’m not an idiot, Stark. I
Delmar rolled his eyes.
“You’re not funny,” Bucky answered. “I’m not kiddin’ around.”
Barnes finished unwrapping his hands and sighed again, looking up at the lofty ceiling. “Come on, Barnes. Your best friend could be could there getting killed right now, and- ”
Alright folks, I know it doesn't look like it now but we are almost there! I pinky promise you that romance is on the way in the next few chapters. You guys have been so patient and stuck with this ridiculously slow build, so good news! We're almost there, so just hang in there just for a little longer.
“You’re right, Barnes,” Tony deadpanned. “What was I thinking, doing this without a professional’s help. Do me a favor and pull up the top reactor medic in New York.”
“Well, I obviously don’t have too much say if I’m stuck here with you,” Barnes snapped.
Steve sighed, running a hand through his hair. “Or a few,” he agreed.
Clint clenched his jaw and balled his hands into fists. “He was assaulting that woman.”
How was I supposed to know that you would react that way?”
Steve shushed him, his ears picking up from a scrambling over the radio.
“Least I could do,” the blonde shrugged.
Pierce nodded. “Go. Keep me updated.”
Tony snatched his jacket up before storming out of his office and into the nearest elevator. Part of him felt bad; Obie was his mentor, basically his second father. Sometimes Tony would go as far as considering Obie his real father. Howard was nothing more than another reason for Tony to drink.
“I was never that subtle.” Sam ran a hand over the phone, feeling the weight of it in his hand. It was like being handed a glass of ice water in the desert.
Steve was laughing again, that harsh and broken sound, like an instrument out of tune. “You don’t understand. It’s over. We’re done for.”
But not today. Today was, as clique as it sounds, the turning of a new leaf, a dawning of a new era. One that he didn't know he wanted until it was right in front of him. Steve flipped through the radio stations with disinterest; almost nothing could pull his buzzing mind from today.
Clint nodded. “He hasn’t really been leaving his room. When he does come out, its to check and make sure that everyone is still here."
Tony’s mind supplied as his nose crinkled against the odors. They were somewhere within New York’s sewer system.
Steve had just pushed her worry off, easing her attention towards fickle distractions until the topic was forgotten. And it was, until Steve shipped off for the first time.
But then HYDRA took them all away.
The man frowned, but slid back into the chair, crossing his arms. “What is it?”
The Captain's jaw tightened. "You wouldn't dare."
And, he was planning on going to get them whether or not Steve showed up at his front door.
“Ugh,” Tony scoffed. “Fine, but I will only stomach this for an hour,
Tony's voice venomously cut through his head. Steve shuddered.
Steve gave her a pointed look. She had always hated it. “Nat,” he sighed. “You don’t have to do this with me. I know it’s hard.”
Once he saw the blood pouring for Stark’s arm, The Captain truly came out. He barked at Thor to restrain Hammer’s fleeing man, all while sending Bucky to tend for Clint. Steve raced over to Stark, doing a quick body search to look for the man’s phone. Of course, that got another snarky comment, but Steve could hardly hear it over the blood pounding in his ears. After a quick call to Natasha, he all but dragged Stark out of the warehouse, the rest of his crew stumbling behind them. The drive back to base was tense; Steve couldn’t help but looking over at Stark every minute to ensure that the brunette was still breathing. Stark caught on pretty quickly, his smart mouth still able to chastise Steve even with an open wound.
“This is camera footage,” Stark said in a soothing tone. “I had JARVIS run every test on it; it hasn’t been tampered with.”
“After?” the blonde whispered excitedly against his lips.
Finally, as the sun started to slip below the buildings, he buzzed the intercom on his desk. The door was reopened and a young officer stepped through the threshold. “Yes, Sir?”
Steve sent a glance to check the empty highway before looking back to his companion, being met with another Tony classic. The ‘
“Yes, really. You’re telling me that you can look up there and decidedly say that you
Tony shot the blonde a shocked look, but didn’t comment. “Alright,” Steve said. “Bruce, watch the joint. Everyone else, let’s roll out.”
Clint flipped Tony the bird. “I’ll have you know that I played golf all the time in my youth,” he said, taking the club out and fiddling with the cap on the end of the club. He held it right up to his crotch, eyebrows raising. “It was the easiest way to get cash,” Clint continued, now pulling out the modesty apron and tying it around his waist. “Hustling pool was for chumps, but golf? There’s always rich folk playing golf. Wanna know how long my drive is?”
In the end, none of it mattered. What’s done is done. And Phil was alive.
“No way that you woke me up at the ass-crack of dawn and dragged me to this hellhole all for nothing, because you didn’t check the damn sizes!”
By the time he rounded the corner, a group had formed in Loki’s cell.
“Mr. Stark, please- ”
The mask of the Red Skull stared right on back, the connecting head tilting to the side slightly.
“Only because of insufficient evidence.”
Steve blinked. “But I’m not Joseph Grant.”
“Alright, Tony,” Pepper called, her heels sounding her entrance to the room. “Stop stalling; it’s time to go.”
He passed by a man fixing his car. Some kid blew past him, running off with some of his tools. The man calmly stood up, pulled a shotgun out, and mowed the kid down.
Not looking back, Tony took off down the hallway towards Yinsen.
He was sure that was the point Fury was trying to make, by sending them to different corners of the world.
The steady beeping of the monitors Tony was set up to was a welcome annoyance. Anything to prove that Tony was alive and well, his heart beating as stubbornly as ever.
Bucky frowned, looking away. “You fell. Through the ice.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve answered back fiercely. “Only I know where the files are. Any physical copies of the locations were destroyed in the fire you made. Doesn’t matter which way you spin it, you still need me.”
Tony. Let me help you.
“Now,” Tony said as he sat up from the couch. “We wait.”
“Was on the roof across the street,” Tony finished meekly. “You wouldn’t have had a good angle of him unless you were at the podium with me.”
“I thought you would,” laughed Tony.
“The twins got word that he’s being held in the old firehouse.”
idea to make this trip,
Steve nodded.
Did he feel bad? Of course. Nothing stings worse than having to go behind the back of your brother. It hurts almost as much as knowing that Steve was doing the same thing. But, of course, Bucky had to keep reminding himself that they weren’t good people. They weren’t the ones people rooted for; they definitely weren’t heroes.
She shrugged, her ponytail bouncing with her shoulders. “He’s just blocked out until next Tuesday.”
“So. How are we gonna do this? Your way, or my way?”
It was in this moment that he thought that he should have left a long time ago. Ditched his new identity to head back north, try and find Steve and the others earlier. Here, feeling the familiar warmth of his friend made him question how he was able to last this long without him.
“Right then,” Tony replied slowly. “Commissioner,” he said, heading to the door after giving Fury small wave.
“If we wait around, we’ll lose our window of opportunity,” argued Natasha.
“If nobody likes them, then why do they make so many?”
“What? Is there another large mailbox you want me to look at?” Tony asked sarcastically.
“I can’t. The only chance we have of bringing Pierce down is coming at him from multiple sides, you know that.”
Tony threw his head back, grinding down into Steve viciously. He didn’t think he would have even gotten hard, he was just so
“You should go to bed too. You look exhausted.”
A chair creaked, and Steve’s focus snapped to the center of the room, where Commissioner Fury was turning in his chair to face him.
Steve cursed. Natasha lofted an unimpressed eyebrow in return, clearing concluding that he had forgotten.
“By the look on your face, no one from HYDRA was supposed to know who you were.”
Not all of them, of course, but the damage had already been done, to all of them. Steve was nothing more than what was left of their home: a strong sanctuary reduced to nothing but ash. Clint barely saw the man, but when he did it was as if seeing a ghost. The Commandos that stayed by Steve’s side were forced to stay there; the man never let anyone out from wherever they were staying.
Clint flinched, but pointed back down to the unconscious fireman. “Listen, Steve. You can chew me out later. Let’s deal with this first.”
“You remember Cyclops?”
Stark batted Steve’s hand away. Or, at least he tried to, the hand moving slowly and missing Steve’s by a mile. “Fine, Cap. Bring me back to my car; I need to go home.”
Barnes snorted softly. “You ramble when you’re nervous.”
“I still got time,” Steve shouted back.
Pierce looked at him suspiciously. “What do you mean?”
“You’re right,” Fury replied, pulling over a file that was sitting on the table beside him. “Your emergency contact is one Louis Ronin.”
Steve lazily made out with his love on their hotel bed. Pulling away, he stroked her ivory skin.
You can solve every major crisis that envelopes the globe, but nothing could erase man’s need for conflict. That will always remain. It’s the way the world works, and the way we do, son.”
Hands were on him, pulling him away, but Steve’s eyes never left Tony’s closed ones as he tried to reach back for his husband. He couldn’t leave him. He
“I don’t care; I’m just thinking about it from a business standpoint!”
He was still here. He hadn’t left yet! Clint’s eyes were wide with worry as he tracked over Tony’s body. “What the hell happened? Where’s your light?”
Tony, in mature retaliation, threw the empty mug at his head, the cup shattering against the wall as Barnes dipped back out of view, the other brunette cackling as he did.
Steve frowned slightly. “You think that I wouldn’t?”
Tony smiled again, eyes crinkling slightly. “Anyone ever tell you that you’re a workaholic?”
“Pepper?”
“10-55?” Tony found himself asking.
Bucky took over pulling the suit down, huffing in frustration as the fabric got caught up in Tony’s current position. He yanked Steve away from Tony, pulling the smaller man off the counter. Tony sucked in deep breaths in front of them as he stood on shaky legs. His eyes we’re almost completely black, and a tent had formed in the front of his suit. Steve and Bucky each grabbed the suit at a different shoulder, pulling it down to his waist.
Steve shot an apologetic look. “Look, any other day I’d chase them down myself, but I really gotta go. Don’t worry! I’ll catch them eventually!”
Tony let out a low sob, both in pleasure and desperation.
Pepper nodded, and started to usher Stane out of the room. “It was nice to meet you,” she said passing Steve. Steve returned the pleasantry before turning back to Stane.
“You know, for as often as we have this talk, it doesn’t seem to be getting any easier,” retorted Steve.
“I need to get my hands on those bomb remains. I can bring them to the Avengers headquarters; get us some leads on the bastard that did this.”
Tony’s heartrate skyrocketed, shooting a fierce look over to Pietro, the boy hunching his shoulders, breaking eye contact. This was not good. If anyone got any proof of what Pietro could do, it would be devastating. It wouldn’t be long before men in black suits would come and take his son away.
“Thanks,” said Steve, pocketing the vial. He headed back out of the building, nodding to another Looper who passed by.
“Now what?”
Tony finally peeled his eyes away from the computer. “I didn’t do it!”
Hammer laughed again, his eyes wild. “Oh, but we did look.
Steve slumped with relief, just barely able to cover the rotten taste he felt in his mouth. God, Bucky. How could he have let this happen? How could he just sit there while his friend wasted away? Bucky had spent his entire life supporting Steve, always making sure that the other man was taken care of. But the one time Bucky needed him, Steve had left him to suffer. His obsession with keeping him safe only managed to result in neglect. Steve could only thank God that Tony had been there to keep Bucky sane while Steve fell off the deep end. It was almost unreal how Bucky had managed to find his footing again with probably his least favorite person. But again, that only shows how desperate the man had been in searching for a purpose, having to reach into no man’s land to find comfort that his own allies couldn’t give him.
“Tony,” Steve warned, eyes not leaving Fury’s face, but it fell on unheard ears.
“I’m not saying you didn’t love me,” Tony frowned. “I’m just saying, quantitatively, you love me
“You know what they did to Tony. You
“No,” she repeated. “No deal.”
Steve must have heard him, because he answered, “Yeah, Sam,” arms tightening their hold. He knew that the rest of them would be fine, he just
Leaving Clint and Natasha on the common floor, Steve had run into Bruce, who had just ordered some dinner for the entire team. Thor was already eating a pre-dinner snack, which meant Steve was on ‘Tony duty’. Trying to pull the engineer away from his lab was like trying to pull teeth. The man was impossible.
being serious, Obie. The stock market isn't always going to be in our favor. Get that stick out of your ass and relax.”
Steve closed his eyes. It was no one’s fault but his own. Tired eyes flicked back open as Steve moved on to the second page.
“Oh c’mon, Sam, I don’t need this.”
“And what about digging through the rest of his info? You’ll leave a paper trail. How long until HYDRA tracks it back to us? How long until they find my hideouts, take out the rest of my crew? No, we’re doing it my way.”
was enough to keep Steve up for the past few nights, Tony slumbering peacefully besides him.
“Did you not hear me, Rogers?” Hill replied. “Pierce would have used the NYPD- ”
"He's stable now, Steve."
to die in the streets.”
he thought to himself. It wasn't as if he could carry anything more. Now, he just had to make it out of the store and back to where the cars were. Luckily, while Tony had been running throught the street to keep away from The Captain and his mutts, he tried to force them around in a loop, so Tony was only a few measly blocks away from his car. All Tony had to do was make it back without getting another bullet shot into him and he would be golden.
"You gonna make me, old man?”
The bound man gave a small smile. “Sorry, Captain. I don’t feel much like talking today.”
Tony rolled his eyes. "Oh,
A delicate hand grasped his arm gently. “It’s alright, Steve. You weren’t in the right mindset. Besides, you had other things to worry about.”
But then, she got up. She straightened out her suit, marched over to the mini bar and poured herself a generous drink. Pepper stomped back over to the desk, took a swig, and sat back down in her chair. She gestured to the seats facing her.
“Cap, please. You don’t know what you’re- ”
The other man gave a short laugh. “I can’t go with you.”
“Not exactly.” Steve rubbed a hand against the back of his neck. Bucky thought of his go-bag collecting dust in his closet. Bucky was ready. Steve knew he would be ready.
“Anything?”
Tony returned the smile easily. "You won't kill me."
Steve bundled him up in his arms, standing slowly, making sure his load was secure. “Not going anywhere without you,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to his forehead. “I just figured you’d like to more somewhere more comfortable. You got a bed in this joint?”
argue with me on this – you need to go and get to safety.”
“You are somethin’ else,” Steve laughed, shaking his head in disbelief. His eyes were bright when they looked back up at her. “You gonna let us in?”
Steve stared at the closed elevator.
Steve shouted, grabbing at Natasha, charging back towards the elevator. He could still hear the faint cackle of Zola’s laugh in the background as they sprinted back towards the lift. Skidding to a halt inside, Natasha jammed the button, Steve helping in squeezing the doors together.
Steve sighed, running a hand through his hair. "You know, for as many times as you tell me that, I still don't think it's working."
Steve’s mind went into overdrive. Blood. Tony’s blood. Tony’s blood all over the suit. Tony was bleeding. Tony was hurt.
“There wasn’t one.”
“Yes,” Hill answered for him. “The ones that we’ve found so far are all dead.”
to help, when an arm reached out and pulled him back.
Clint shuddered.
Clint frowned, but he knew his boyfriend was right. An unfortunate side effect of working on the side of the law meant that you actually had to follow the law. A bit overrated, if you as him. “This is why I should be your CI! People would be less suspicious if they thought your tips came from one.”
it was too much. Each press of Steve’s fingers, each breath ghosted over his cock. Another zing of electricity though his body and suddenly Tony couldn’t handle it. “Stop!” he cried.
And it was perfect.
But Steve knew HYDRA. They weren’t in hiding, they were biding their time. Waiting for the right moment to strike. And without any further leads from Rumlow, it seemed they were back to the beginning, left floundering while HYDRA slowly cornered them against a wall. The real question was whether or not they were planning their next move against Stark or against himself.
Thank the Lord. They're finally reunited. Thanks for being less of a dick and finally showing some humanity, author.
Steve sucked in a deep breath. “Before we start today, I would just like to say something. There’s been a lot of anger and confusion over the last few months due to
Steve smiled at the familiar voice of his friend. “Falcon!”
“What do you suggest?” responded Clint.
,” hissed The Captain. “You did what you did to protect your own ass. Lucky for you, you get to die with the rest of us now.”
Tony scoffed. “Not a damn thing. A few more promotions for HYDRA, but that’s it.”
It was silent for a while, as the three thought. Steve’s insides were churching as his head screamed for blood. How one of Tony’s own was able to turn on him made Steve itch for his gun. It was if he was young again, discovering the rat that was walking within the walls of the SSR. He'd told them about it as well; but he could never find it and they'd all died anyway.
“Yep.”
Steve sighed in defeat, looking at where Clint was sitting quietly at the bar, cleaning his gun. It wasn’t as if this wasn’t the plan – Steve knew that he had to tell Clint as soon as possible – but it didn’t make it any less hard.
The man leaned down, inches away from Steve’s face. “
“What crawled up your ass and died?”
Tony shouted, reaching over to grab the headboard of the shaking bed.
Tony snorted. “Barnes, if I could pull this off in the shit-storm that is the New York sewer system, I think I can handle it in it a state of the art lab.”
Sam heard Steve walk up behind him, clapping a hand on his back. “Thanks for understanding, Sam. I can’t imagine how hard it is for all of you.”
Tony began to tug on Coulson’s sleeve, but the man refused to move. “I can’t,” was all he said.
The Captain rolled his eyes. “What I need, is for you to stop talking.”
Tony furrowed his brow, before standing up from his desk to intercept Barnes. “Back in the gym, you said you’ve seen men like that before. You were talking about my father, weren’t you?”
“He killed them because they failed to do their job,” Tony answered hollowing.
that shit’s just sitting in your chest?” Tony looked up to see Barnes leaning over his shoulder, phone still pressed too his ear.
“Tony, there’s people waiting outside for me. If I get seen anywhere near you or The Captain, they’ll bring us all in.”
And what was worse was that Steve didn’t seem to expect anything else in return. He never got angry when Tony never said it back. It was like Steve was more than happy to keep giving, handing Tony piece after piece until there was nothing left of him.
“I didn’t exactly get to pick,” Steve replied, following Natasha’s action. “The smell is a new addition, though.”
he groaned, ripping the gauntlet off without thinking, sending it flying across the room.
Clint glared as the man sauntered out of the room. When he heard Steve sigh, Clint looked back to his boss. “Well, that went awesome.” Clint saw a small smile break onto Steve’s face, so Clint considered it a win.
of all places.
Tony was
He stopped when he was met with grey hair instead of blonde; cold dead eyes instead of the usual brilliant blue.
his mind whispered. Steve shook his head, rubbing his fingers against his eyes. He wouldn’t let himself think like that. Tony was way more valuable alive. From a business standpoint, Tony Stark could open doors for any mob. It was what Steve himself had told himself when he snatched Tony off the street for their first ever meeting.
“I don’t know,” Steve replied, rubbing at the back of his neck. “We can’t know where the rest are going. I think it’s Fury’s way of making sure we don’t run as soon as everything is over.”
But it was gone as quickly as it appeared, replaced again by that invisible weight that tugged at Steve’s face, leaving a furrowed brow and a deep frown. Tony’s fingers twitched, wanting to rub away at those lines until they disappeared. Steve finally pulled Tony’s hand away, keeping it palm down, his thumb moving to gently rub over a thick scar at the base of his wrist.
“We’re taking the scenic route, that’s all.”
He could feel Steve shift next to him, but Tony couldn’t meet his gaze.
Tony Stark wasn’t anybody special.
He welcomed the cold, breathing it in deep each morning like an old friend. The shivers that coursed through his body urged him on one step at the time, the frost covered grass staining the bottom of his socks. It never took long for a numbness to engulf him, and he was left as a husk of himself, a zombie stumbling through the grassy field. It reminded him of one of the ghost stories Jarvis would tell him as a kid – a soul trapped to walk the moor for all eternity, stuck in an endless loop of searching for a lost lover.
“Colleague,” Steve said at the same time.
“And Stark was one of them?” questioned Sam. “Since when is Tony Stark a super soldier?”
Clint was like the team’s little brother. Annoying to have to deal with, but an irreplaceable family member all the same. Clint was one of the reasons Tony was still alive. If anything had happened to him- Tony shivered.
Bucky showed Clint the messages. “I need you to watch Steve for a bit. Hopefully I won’t be gone long.”
“Yes, Cap, I’m peachy,” Tony smiled. “In desperate need of a shower,” he added, picking some stone out of his hair, “but in one piece.”
“Of course. No problem.”
Delmar nodded, immediately doing as asked. Barton grasped him by an arm and started pulling him down the new stretch of building. Delmar peeked up a little to see The Black Widow talking with Falcon.
There it was. The steel was gone from Pepper’s face, leaving a flurry of emotions and confusion. “I-I don’t understand,” she stammered.
Tony furrowed his brow. "What kind of situation?"
“It’s your phone,” the blonde said in response.
“Who is it?”
“Well, statistically speaking- ”
He looked up to catch Bucky and Natasha mid embrace, Bucky’s metal arm gleaming as it twisted in Natasha’s fiery red hair. But it was Natasha, as always, who was in charge, grabbing at Bucky’s collar to yank him down into a kiss. Steve smiled sadly. He knew that they had a complicated relationship, but who was he to judge? But from what Bucky had admitted to him, it seemed that even with all the chaos happening around them, it was the most steady they’d been in years.
But Steve had laughed, whispering promises and dreams into his ears as he showed him a picture of a tiny boy wrapped in a blanket.
“If he’s dead,” Tony started, “then I just had a hell of a conversation with a ghost a few days ago.”
Steve nodded, but Tony still didn’t move. Tony cleared his throat, looking down. Apparently after helping Tony back up, Steve didn’t think it was necessary to let go. Steve let go of Tony in an instant, feeling his face burn even hotter.
“Tony- ”
“It’ll have to do,” Steve sighed, already heading for the lab.
See, Tony not knowing Steve’s name opened a world that Steve never thought possible. He was, even despite the current situation, almost happy.
Steve almost gasped in shock when the elevator doors opened. He stepped through the threshold, taking in the floor.
Steve’s lips drew into a small smile as he watched the archer try and sink into the couch, full gear and quiver still on.
Stark shot him a grave look. “That’s why I needed you to meet with you. JARVIS got me a different angle on who Loki was meeting.”
The man she was chatting up obviously recognized them. “Wait, you work for the Avengers? I’m out of here.” The man took off sprinting down the road.
Steve closed his eyes, praying that Tony would forgive him. He needed more time. His team needed more time.
“What do you take us for? Of course they were, Dr. Banner,” Tony pouted. “We decided to donate some of Barton’s old VCR tapes. I think one of them was actually set in a church, if I’m not mistaken.”
“You can’t stay,” he found himself whispering.
“I’d call it even,” Rhodey agreed.
“This is the third one we’ve stopped at, Tasha. And all the same.
Of course, it was just his luck that Brad’s replacement was stonier than him.
“Feels necessary since you’ve elected to ignore me. Repeatedly.”
Sharon walked up to Rogers. “Coffee?” she asked with a small smile.
Natasha thought to herself. She quickly untied one of her slippers before chucking it at the light switch, the room descending into darkness as the steps approached the office.
he reminded himself. Maybe he was just too tired to try, maybe he was so sick of saying no. Maybe he just needed to sit with someone he knew was just as broken as he was.
“That’s what I like to hear,” drawled Tony. “Now. What’d the man spill?”
Clint gave a small smile. “Maybe.”
like it when you get riled up.”
“I have a feeling that dealing with Steve today is gonna be worse,” a new voice said. Both Clint and Bucky turned to find Sam filter in the room, pulling up another chair to sit with them. “Steve’s pissed, man. Which, usually would be a good thing, considering that means he’s doing something other than moping, but it’s pretty bad.”
“That’s right,” inserted Steve. “It was mine.”
he’d said. Tony wholeheartedly agreed. The last thing they needed was some unwanted attention that would have people figuring out who they really were. And then it wouldn’t be long before the government came for them, ripping Tony away from the family he’d finally managed to get.
Steve gave Fury another once over, handing the badge back. “Seems like a lot of trouble to go through just to punk someone,” he said. That and, even if it was a scam, Steve had every confidence that he would be able to overpower the older gentlemen. “What can I do for you, Sir?”
She rolled her eyes but opened the door wide enough for the pair to walk in. Steve slipped in first, immediately scooping Natasha up into his chest, her arms wrapping easily around the familiar embrace. Looking over Steve’s shoulder, she saw Tony shut the door behind him, wagging his fingers at her in hello.
“Well, just in case,” Tony said, pulling out a phone and chucking it at Clint. “If you plan to continue this little affair, leave the poor farmers out of it and use this instead, alright?” He turned to look at Phil. “I have one for you as well in the car. Remind Steve to get it for you later because I am not trekking through the woods any more than I need to.”
Natasha shook her head, her eyes wide. “No, Steve.
He jogged up the stairs to his house, fishing his keys out of his pocket. He unlocked the door and stepped in, greeted with the same musty room that met him every day. Except. Sam eyed the far corner of his den, at the window that was now open, the curtain swaying in the breeze. A window that he distinctly remembered not leaving open when he left for work this morning. His fingers itched for a gun. Instead, he crept forward to his end table, unplugging the lamp and raised in over his shoulder like a bat.
Steve looked furious, but more so scared. As he should be. Loki was dangerous as is; who knew what would happen if he knew where the team’s new headquarters were.
“Yeah, but those gifts aren’t usually buildings, Tony,” Steve sighed. “Listen, there’s been a bunch of miscommunication here, and we need to- ”
he hissed, barely catching Tony’s amused glance shot their way.
Tony shot him an unimpressed look. “I’m not following.”
“Yes, all those empty threats really had me quivering in my boots,” he replied with a smirk.
“Hammer’s a little shit,” snarled Clint. “He’s just trying to get in our heads.”
“Well, you kept moping around! What did you expect me to do?” Steve watched as Tony hesitantly place a hand along Bucky’s back, patting it awkwardly. Bucky tensed, as if finally catching up with what predicament he was in, and jolted back. Steve could barely contain his laughter as he watched his friend sputter. “I, okay, well, that-that’s, um, great? I-I’m just gonna- ” he broke off, running out of the lab.
Turning back around, Tony could see the building where he had just stomped from. If Tony had to guess, it was probably the maintenance building. It every way, the site was perfect: quiet and out of the way. No one would expect to find them there. But it was sure as hell not a place Tony expected for Strange to try and safe a life.
“You know what? I can’t.”
“You sure I can’t leave him with you?” Steve asked, watching Tony walk back over to their car.
“Eight,” came the reply.
Tony threw his papers on the ground. He wasn’t meant for this. He was an engineer; he was meant to use his hands. Take things apart, make them better. Tony needed physicality. He needed to feel the design under his fingers; he needed to see his progress, see his success. But Pepper wouldn’t let him get his hands on any materials until he had a suitable idea for affordable green energy.
It was empty.
"Your cheek." Tony pointed at his face, looking at the sluggish trail of blood that was slipping down.
“I could say the same for you.” the blonde barked back at him.
Tony shrugged nonchalantly. “Maybe I just wanted to see you smile again.”
“Yes ma’am,” Barnes whispered before retreating across the lab, much like a dog with its tail between its legs, to gather the rest of their belongings.
He knew he shouldn’t complain. Air conditioning had been one of the perks when he moved into the single condo. And as Florida’s mild winter faded away, it became less of a perk, and more of a necessity. But he had yet to turn it on. It was if he had a sick fascination with lying in the sweltering heat, slowly melting. It gave him something to do, at least.
Bucky locked eyes with his friend. He gave the blonde a silent plea, one that was mirrored right back at him.
Tony closed his eyes. He’d make things better for Steve. He’d find a way.
. Your work on gamma radiation is unparalleled. Also, I’m a huge fan on how you basically turned into a rage monster and singlehandedly dismantled Ross’s military network.”
“Then leave me with me,” Tony pleaded. “We’ll hide you. We can protect you.”
Across the street, Nick smiled.
“Don’t you ‘Tony’ me,
A quiet, empty room.
Stepping into the lab this time, however, seemed wrong. Nothing was as it should be. Men in suits trampled through the lab like they owned the place, digging through research and poking around where they shouldn’t. Clint clenched his jaw as he ripped one of Tony’s notebooks out of some agent’s hands. “Excuse me,” he hissed. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
Tony shot the man a dirty look.
And then Schmidt happened. And the secrets of the SSR were lost forever. Well, thought to have been lost forever. Steve Rogers held the key to the SSR. He held the key to running New York.
Neither did any of the others.
“We can’t- ”
Bucky groaned, before sitting down next to Steve. “Well, how the hell are we gonna get out of this?”
“Checking. For?”
Bucky groaned. He could hear HYDRA moving around them, most likely closing in. “Fine,” Bucky finally agreed. “We’ll need a distraction though.”
And with that Steve stomped out the room. Tony yearned to go after him, but remained, finally looking up at the rest of the group. They were still silent, and all looking at Tony, as if hoping that he would be the one to laugh it off, telling them all it was just a joke.
Steve didn’t even know Summers was still in the US. The last he heard, most of the X-Men retreated back to Europe after everything started to go south with the public. Something wasn’t right.
Tony shouldn't have even found himself in this situation. But thanks to a certain self-righteous prick of a mob boss, Tony can't exactly back out now. It didn't matter if it was HYDRA or not. That third man knew Tony met with The Captain. And because of that, he had already resulted to bombs. How long of a time frame did he have before they came back to finish the job?
He joined Clint at the kitchen table, watching Bucky pull up another two seats from him and Natasha. Upon seeing the microphone in front of him, Steve started to feel an unsettling nervousness, one he hadn’t felt for a long time. When they first started the podcast he’d been petrified; public speaking always fit him ill, but riffing to an unseen audience was something else entirely. It took him weeks of recordings to handle the stress, of taking each podcast as just another conversation with his friends. It had been a while since he’d focused on the people listening to his voice. Mainly the singular person,
“Yes, we’ve established that.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m not an invalid, Tony.”
“It works. Think of what we could do with this,” Tony pitched, closing his shirt back up. “There are endless possibilities. Unlimited power source? Asgard wouldn’t stand a chance against this thing.”
“Go ask him yourself,” Bucky replied. “I’ll clean up down here.”
“Besides, I didn’t think I qualified. Apparently I'm volatile, self-obsessed, and don't play well with others,” Tony said with a smirk.
He was almost at Stark Industries; he could see the smoke billowing in between the other buildings.
This was what death was.
The Captain stepped in front of him. “HYDRA is not a superstition; it is real and it is a problem. I need- ”
Steve raised an eyebrow as Tony pulled him over to his new desk. There, atop the dark mahogany was Tony’s suitcase, the one that Steve had seen house a few of his computers while they were first tracking HYDRA.
“Alright, spread out. Let’s find something useful,” Natasha said, already walking to the back hallway.
Steve ignored the pair, reaching forward to grab Sam’s backpack digging through it until he found his phone. He took a deep breath, typing in a number that he had memorized a long time ago.
“I didn’t approve this,” Tony whispered, mostly to himself.
Sure enough, Steve rogers peeked over the couch with a slight blush on his face. “Uh, sorry. I didn’t…. oops?” Steve trailed off, rubbing his hand on the back of his neck.
“Phone,” Tony managed to grate out.
“Hail HYDRA.”
“How did you get your hand on this photo?” Tony hissed again. “The Jericho program was scrapped a few years ago. These things were too dangerous to give over to the military. There aren’t any left; I had all the models destroyed.”
He was alone.
Tony shook his head. “Not yet, but JARVS is cracking it even as we speak.” Fury had sent the team on a bust, crashing the headquarters of some big time black market dealers. After eradicating the rogues, Natasha had downloaded their entire mainframe to be shipped back to Tony. If anything, Tony would be able to lead the team to any other straggling operations they had missed.
Pepper waited in the elevator, before getting out on Tony’s floor. Looking down at the package, Pepper beamed. Bruce was still MIA after Ultron, the fact that he was reaching back out meant great things. She reached for her phone to call Tony with the good news.
Coulson was shaking his head slightly. “Stark-
Suddenly, the icemaker turned on, shooting ice cubes onto the floor in front of him. “JARVIS,” Tony snapped. “Will you give me a fucking break? I’m going to eat something!”
“But I acted first.”
that we spent working together!”
“And I will gladly do that. But until then, it stays put," Yinsen panted, checking over the barricade he'd constructed. "I know you’ve heard the guards shouting out there. The bomb’s gone off, killing their men. I’m assuming it hit some of their stolen weapon stash as the blast went off, making it so huge.”
It didn’t matter if it was HYDRA or not anymore; everyone was out to get rid of Steve and his team.
In his profession, it wasn’t the first time he had asked himself that, but Bucky was almost certain that he had been a goner. Bucky tried to force his eyes open, but the slight movement drained the energy he already didn’t have, the bright lights that crept through his eyelids scorching his pupils.
Pierce adjusted his glasses on his pale nose. “Well, I watched Stane strut through my office today broadcasting the fact that he had snatched Tony Stark off the streets to dangle in front of The Captain, and that no one even knew he was gone.”
Steve’s hand shot out, curling around Tony’s hip, pushing the man right up against him. Steve pushed his face into Tony’s stomach, breaths coming harsh and fast. Clint couldn’t make out what gambled mess was coming out of Steve’s mouth, but he could see Tony visibly soften.
Dumping the van in the back alley, Bucky hoisted Clint over his shoulder, stumbling into the speakeasy. Adrenaline pulsed through his veins as he charged down the stairs, his ears still hearing nothing but echoes of gunfire and Clint’s screams.
Did you see that coming?
“You gonna head butt me again?” The Captain returned with a small smile of his own.
After the first few days, Steve decided it best to split the team, always having a backup option if something else went wrong before the other team got back. It was actually Tony who asked if Bucky could stay back with him and Bruce to try out his new arm. With the increased threats and activity, they couldn’t afford to be a man down.
10:00 a.m.
He missed it. His old life.
Steve couldn’t help but smile fondly, thinking about all the times that he walked into the lab to find Tony sprawled out over the current table he was working at. He always managed to drift off the strangest of positions, splayed limbs, papers pressed to his cheek as he drooled onto his latest project. It always warmed Steve’s heart, his favorite part being able to pick Tony up and cradle him in his arms as he brought them back home, watching as Tony always nuzzled deep into his chest.
“Watch your tone,” hissed Thor.
“Not sure yet,” Tony said. “I’m not really sure what I’m supposed to feel –
he thought to himself with a quiet chuckle.
Steve sucked in a deep breath before typing in his code to open the lab. The doors opened without delay, answering the first question on Steve’s mind. Tony was upset, but not at lab access upset yet. Unsurprisingly, it did nothing to quell the turmoil inside him.
Steve rolled his eyes, bending over to look at the bottom shelf. “King, right?”
Bucky pulled him towards the door. “Come on, Steve. Let’s get you to Bruce.”
“You can tell her yourself,” Tony responded. “Soon.”
“Dude, this is always on 3 AM infomercials,” Clint replied, tearing into the box. “I’ve always wanted one of these.”
Creeping back over to his door, Steve looked on the peep hole.
Steve’s response was cut off with a moan as Tony ground his hips up to meet Steve’s. “I’d be more than happy to oblige,” Steve gasped. “Just give me a second here. You okay?”
It had been absolutely horrible. What was worse, was that he still didn’t understand why they wouldn’t take the movies, until the priest pulled him aside and
“Probably would go faster if we had tequila.”
Stark gave a small smile. “Not sleeping, dear Captain?”
In the end, they decided to waste the money immediately, spending it all on a small ice cream cake from a gas station a few blocks over. The four of them stood there in the parking lot, crowded around the melting cake, their plastic forks fighting for another scoop. Clint got the majority of his ice cream on his face, Bucky stained Nat’s shirt, and in retaliation, she shoved her fork into his prosthetic. And Steve? It was the happiest he’d been in a very long time.
“Yeah. Let me do this. Please.”
“It’s the timestamp, Sir. It shows what time the officer made the report.”
Tony sighed, looking up at the other two. “I may have fucked up.”
Iron Man dropped the robber back to the ground in a heap, scoffing. “Oh, sure, you’ve got him,” he said as he crossed his arms defensively. “I just took him out for you.”
“The best I can do. But if I’m right, and I usually am, he’s our problem.”
“I’ll be the judge of that,” Steve grit out.
The archer tensed, whipping around to find a frazzled Bruce Banner. The doctor turned to say something to the agent, but the kid had already scampered off to lick his wounds. Bruce swiveled to glare back at Clint, but he wasn’t having any of it. “Don’t give me that look, Bruce. Are you telling me you’re just going to sit here and watch them sift through all our stuff?”
“Fine. Then this is me, asking you for help.”
normal, but I wanna
Tony ended the call, before throwing his phone across his office. What the hell was he supposed to do now? He had nothing. Absolutely nothing.
“Buck- ”
Rumlow didn’t look impressed. “Come on. My friends here are going to watch your apartment while we have a little chat with Fury.” Steve grabbed his shield and let himself be forced out, not sparing a second glance to his floor.
Steve thought. “Please, Rhodes, you can hash things out with me later. I just want to find Tony.”
“I’m doing alright, ma’am. Just taking it a day at a time.”
The last few flames were finally being quenched. Phil had heard talk of some of the men getting ready to go inside.
A sharp knock on the door pulled Pierce from his thoughts. “Yeah?” The door opened and one of his analysts breezed through. “Did you find it?” Pierce continued.
Steve gave the brunette a small smile. “Well, I’d be lying if I didn’t think you didn’t have a rocky start. But yet, here I am asking you anyway.”
(See the end of the chapter for
-------------------------
Steve shrugged. “I mean, she thought I was out to kill you, so.”
Clint had been everywhere. He hopped for vantage point to vantage point, trying to keep his team safe. Or, as Tony like to put it, checking to make sure all of his baby chicks were accounted for.
“Why do you see the need to send some of your men with us?” Natasha shot back. “We’re more than capable of handling this ourselves.”
“I love you,” Tony whispered against his lips.
Tony had already had a life filled with broken relationships and betrayals. No matter how much Steve tried to shower the other man in love, there was always part of Tony that was still convinced that Steve would leave him. Steve knew how lowly Tony thought of himself. That at some point, someone in Tony’s life had convinced Tony that he wasn’t good enough. That he was a disappointment. As soon as Tony agreed to be his, Steve made it his personal goal to take the rest of their lives together to prove that Tony was anything but that. That he was always worth it.
- while I am trying to keep things as canon as possible, there will be some deviations in the next parts of our story, just purely based on how realistic it would be in this world and where the characters are currently at in the story
Steve stared back at him with wide eyes, a trembling hand reaching up to trace Tony’s smile. “Tony,” Steve felt him whisper again. His hand trailed to the back of the suit, grasping behind the neck. Tony was about to start talking again, but Steve crashed their lips together, moaning when he felt Tony’s plush lips back on his. Where they belonged.
Sam smiled. “I don’t know, I was kind of enjoying the solitude.” It was a lie, a blatant one, obviously given away by how his hand curled around the phone like a lifeline.
That was until Fury told them all to pack up and move into Stark Tower. Anthony Stark had apparently decided to house the superhero team. Howard’s son. Some part of Steve was excited. Howard was a part of Steve’s old life; it was something he could latch on to. The other part, well, Steve wasn’t sure. Fury and his agents had told him stories about Howard’s son. Some that made Steve cringe.
and it was like juggling a broken Clint all over again. It’s a miracle that he was even able to–
his assigned FBI handler. But he’d had a check-in with Carl just earlier this week. No way he’d be back already.
“And you. You sound pretty unconcerned for being a liar.”
Tony pulled away. “You know, last time you laid hands on me, it didn’t end well for you. How’s your head?”
The main floor of the warehouse had been repurposed to a makeshift gym and training area for the mob, filled with hand-me-down workout equipment and overused practice targets. Sand littered the floor from when Steve went a little too hard with the punching bag, broken windows from a bad throw or two during knife practice, and the air was more than a little stale from the poor ventilation throughout the floor.
“Well, no offense, Steve, but we’ve all been slumming it for the past couple of months. With everything that’s happened, I think we should take extra precautions. It’s not safe for us to be squatting in whatever’s available.”
“He needs you,” the man pressed.
“I thought he didn’t know about this place,” Steve said, leaning over Tony’s shoulder to watch the feed.
Bucky couldn't help the hollow laugh that left his throat. "It's quite a cycle, isn't it?"
Of course, the others were not that concerned. He still remembers the pure relief on their faces when he told them that Loki had perished after the events in London.
Tony mustered up a smile. “I’ll drink to that.”
Hope everyone is staying safe and healthy!
“Tony!”
Tony’s eyes crinkled as he chuckled. “Yeah, well, neither do I.”
to be able to see anything. The man would wander from table to table, stopping in front of a tool and staring, his mind no doubt spinning any and all possibilities. Tony would multitask, jumping between SI work, Bucky's arm, and his own personal projects as easy as breathing. Whatever he was working on was dependent on what he saw, the item in his hand solving the next step on his unending list of projects in real time. He'd never seen anyone draw inspiration from a single lug-nut until he met Tony.
The wheeze that left his chest was the closest he’d come to a laugh in months.  “I don’t want to burst your bubble, but I don’t think that’s gonna happen.”
Tony stopped when Coulson reached out and grabbed his arm. “I insist, Mr. Stark.
“Zola?” Steve gaped.
Clint shook his head, leaning his head back down to Phil’s. Phil was stammering. Phil was crying. Phil doesn’t do that.
Tony scoffed, but didn’t respond, choosing to idly walk around Clint’s modest cabin. “Nice digs, Barton,” he said. “You got a first aid kit in this joint?”
Tony flopped his head down against Steve’s chest, his fingers fumbling as they played with a corner of the sheet. There were way too many miles between Kansas and South Carolina. Tony swallowed around the building fear that was threatening to spill over. “Sounds boring,” he opted to say instead.
Everything was pounding through his head. Being able to access any information was both a blessing and a curse. Tony had found himself seeing things he didn’t want to.  If he wasn’t caught in nightmares of being left in space, his brain was littered with images of Steve getting beaten to a pulp by the Winter Soldier, or HYDRA pointing a gun at Steve’s temple in the streets of Washington.
“We should move now,” Steve added. “The Red Skull is out there; we should automatically assume that he knows I survived, which means it probably won’t take long before he strikes again.”
The Air Force was a blessing. The structure, the comradery, the pride of it all. He could see how his father had ended up here. The idea of fighting for a higher purpose sang to him and he was immediately addicted.
“Okay, okay,” Pepper relented, hand heading back to his chest. Tony breathed out a sigh, leaning back in the chair, trying to get comfortable. In the background he could here Barnes arguing with Wilson.
Brown eyes trailed down the length of his body, before dragging back up to catch Steve's gaze. Tony whistled. “What a view,” he leered down at Steve.
He had a sick sense of humor, as well. Right before each jump, he would whistle
“Steve, honey,” said Tony. “Don’t think I haven’t noticed you hovering. You
“Who do you work for?”
“Are you suggesting that you’ll do something illegal?” Fury responded, his eyebrow arching in challenge.
“I’m clean,” Tony said in a small voice. Sure, he’d been around the block a few times, but Tony was nothing if not careful.
, Tony thought. "If The Captain was behind this, then all of the warehouses would have burned at the same time and I would have washed up on the shores of the Hudson already. He's a one-and-done kind of man. He wouldn't drag this out. It doesn't matter who did it, we just need to deal with it. This is a problem and needs to be handled immediately."
“To what? Get in your way?” Tony’s eyes lit up angrily, his chestnut orbs looking almost like molten amber as he fumed at Steve.
“Now you’re talking.” Tony snapped his faceplate shut, blasting off the ground and crashing through the second floor window.
“It’s been a long day. Go shower.”
“Where-” Bucky tailed off, eyes slowly tracking around them. It was a miracle that he was even awake right now, alive even. The man probably didn’t even register that it was Tony was talking with him. “Need Steve,” the man whispered, eyes drifting shut again.
Tony walked down the stairs slowly, heart in his throat as he tried to spin a possible explanation in his head.
The pair strolled around the club until they reached the back. Steve tapped on the rear door, giving a two finger salute to the camera watching them.
Bucky chuckled. “Go ahead. I’m sure he’ll be thrilled to see you out of bed.”
“The only reason you’re blaming Steve is because your father isn’t here for you to blame.”
“Enough of this, punk. Get your ass up; we need to end this.”
“HYDRA was and still is the greatest threat we’ve ever faced. We lost a lot the last time. Now, I will spend each and every breath that I have left in me to make sure that it won’t be like last time. But I can’t play God; there will be things that even I won’t be able to stop no matter how hard I try. That being said,” The Captain continued, “if anyone, and I mean anyone, does not want any part of this, you have every right to leave. I can get you some cash, get you somewhere safe, get you out. No one here, especially not me, will think any less of you for wanting to leave; you have each proven yourselves more than enough. Any takers?”
Tony froze after yanking the door open.
So, that meant long and lonely nights in the lab, suffering in his terrors alone. But he would do it. For Steve. It didn’t matter what Natasha thought. What the rest of the team thought.
Tony looked at the broken dishes and the empty chairs, the table in complete disarray. He’d finally gotten the family he wished for and now look where they were. They all wanted to be anywhere but where they were.
“You need an invitation?”
“The time for mercy is over.” With that, Rogers pulled the trigger, and shot Tony.
The other newcomer, Steve was not familiar with. The man was large, his dead eyes seemingly fixed on Steve since he walked into the room. He had a grim frown and a hardened face that had Steve’s insides churning.
Tony groaned, putting his head into his hands. That was it. The last location that JARVIS was able to get for him. And just like all of the other locations, he had nothing. Absolutely nothing. HYDRA had fallen off the map yet again, and Tony had nothing else left to find them.
"Well, it seems that we're at an impasse."
“Fine, fine," the Norwegian drawled. "The way I see it, we’re even now. You hold out on me, I turn on you.”
“It doesn’t matter. We need to go out the back anyway,” replied Tony, pulling Clint to the rear of the building.
It had been months now since Tony got sick, but Steve still couldn’t get it out of his head. The feeling of hopelessness, watching his loved one waste away to nothing in front of him.
“He can’t know were here,” Steve said.
“Yes, it was a birthday present. From you.”
“Over?” Obie hissed in return. He charged his gauntlets, shooting a beam over towards Tony, the man barely able to dodge in time. “Thirty years I’ve been holding you up!” he screamed, shooting another blast. Tony wasn’t so lucky that time, the force of the explosion sending him to his feet. “I built this company up from nothing!
"Fine," Steve sighed. "But first, we need to talk about Stark."
Phil gave Clint one last peck before pulling away. “I should go before someone gets suspicious. You know how Fury gets.”
“I know what you’re going to do,” Bucky said calmly. “You’re stupid if you think that I’m going to let you.”
Tony just shook his head, handing Hill a glass of tap water. “Well, if that will be all?”
Tony scoffed. “Don’t flatter yourself. You’re not my type.”
Justin furrowed his brow. “He isn’t?”
Tony crawled over to Barnes, happy enough to find a faint pulse. He took a few deep breaths before standing back up.
The two men walked forward, passing her without a second glance, heading for the door. She never gave them a chance. She popped up from behind cover, sending two bullets into the back of each head. They dropped quickly, their hands only inches from Fury’s door.
Tony scoffed at the man. “Yes, chasing me through the streets like a common criminal was
Tony shot her a cold glare. “I was out of town for a few months, well, under it. That was real.”
Tony shrugged. “You’re worth the risk,” he said quietly.
“Now you listen to me, punk. You gotta get a grip, Stevie. You’re starting to slip; people are getting worried.”
Each day brought more and more selfish thoughts, ones that questioned if heading back to New York was even worth it. Sure, he missed his family like a missing limb, but this trip seemed to have quieted his protective instincts. Just a smile from Tony and a ‘
“Tony?” he strained again, gently shaking his lover, trying to get a response. When Steve was only met with silence a flop of Tony’s head to the side, Steve’s blood ran cold. He scrambled through his jacket pocket, tearing his phone out. He slammed the Avengers alert into the phone and dialed for help.
made this. You know things are bad when that women goes anywhere near a kitchen.”
“Nope. I don’t wanna hear it. You’re coming with me.”
“Where the hell have you been, man?”
It was hard, seeing Steve that way. So on the edge, so ready to jump in front of a bullet, just waiting for someone to load the gun. He really had been ready to die that day. That part of Steve was so lost and dark, and even now it still managed to come back and haunt Bucky. He shuddered, remembering Steve’s outline on the ice, before shots rang out and the river swallowed him whole.
“That’s not what we agreed on,” Natasha pushed.
“Go get me a drink Mr. Stark,” Pepper sighed. “If I’m going to deal with the rest of these antiques, I’m going to need another martini.”
“Steve?”
“Holy shit, I
“Oh yeah, they warned me about you,” The Captain snorted sarcastically. "Is that why you went down like a sack of potatoes when I snatched you from the street?"
suspiciously his size. Steve laughed to himself as he pulled them on before exiting the closest, off to find Tony.
Steve frowned at him. “He might not remember the picnic, but he’ll sure as hell remember if his father was there or not.”
came Bucky’s reply.
“Not so loud, Pep.” Tony grabbed the sides of his head, still pounding for his encounter with the Brooklyn madman; he could already feel the bruise blossoming on his cheek.
“Ok, now think of those videos again, but with me in them,” Tony said.
Following the steps up carried into what used to be an old telegram office. The boys had torn the place apart, taking out everything expect the long sturdy table where the old machines used to sit. Mismatching chairs and stools were pulled around it, making the perfect meeting place for the whole crew. The back wall was nothing more than a makeshift kitchen, Bucky stealing from the main electric lines to keep an always crammed full refrigerator and small oven running. Walking all the way to the back of the room led to the small door for Steve’s office.
“May I come in?”
“Yes. But there’s more. He said he helped Stane deal under the table. And that he contacted the Ten Rings.”
“Shut your mouth,” Steve hissed. He'd heard this threat from Loki before; and after this nearly fatal meeting with the Red Skull, it was clear that Tony definitely wasn't safe. But any remember of that fact set fire through his veins.
Tony lurched as Barnes took another sharp turn. Why he decided that it was alright for a one armed man to drive was beyond him. “Am I going the right way?”
Whoever that man is, Tony needed him taken care of. Now.
He should find Steve, he should find Nat, find anybody. But Clint couldn’t pull himself away. He sat, staring at the flames, wishing that it was him that was in there instead of his friend.
“What is it?” he asked.
Just like Tony.
“Tony?”
Getting into fights with the general public is anything but that. You can’t be out here making waves.”
“Steve, I will sell my company if I ever saw a
-------------------------
“It can’t be for weapons; you wouldn’t have made it very far it you didn’t have a steady dealer. Maybe you need information. What, Romanoff not bringing home the bacon? Or is Barnes just not pulling his weight anymore?”
SHIELD was gone.
Steve broke out into a smile, the flash of white gleaming against his blackened face dampened by tears. He laughed, almost sobbing, as he pressed his forehead gently against Tony’s. “Yeah, Tony,” he whispered. “Home. We missed you.
Tony grinned against his mouth in return. “Sounds like a plan, Cap.”
“We need to do something,” Tony snapped, already looking at Steve.
Tony had just spent countless hours with these people. He didn’t even know what day it was. Well, he wouldn’t know that anyway, but that wasn’t the point. The point was, was that Tony had gone off grid for a large amount of time. Pepper would be pissed. And that’s not even getting started on Obie.
Loki's continued cries were met only with silence, the pleas slipping away into nothing as Pierce led Stane into his office. He gestured for Stane to sit, Pierce himself walking around to collapse into his desk chair.
“You argue with Clint almost every week about why waffles are better than pancakes and while I might not agree with you, I love how you get impassioned with anything that you do. You’re such a spitfire, and I love knowin’ that you’ve always got my back,” Bucky added.
“Tony, don’t. You need to- ”
“You telling me Natasha Romanoff is scared of rats?” Steve laughed.
Steve spun around, brain scrambling for a response. Any answer he could have concocted fell apart when he saw who was speaking to him. A woman in a hard stance, with an equally stern face, glared up at him.
Steve shoved at the smaller man, smiling madly. “C’mon,
He didn’t know what the question was.
“I see you’ve all made it.”
wasn’t supposed to be here, what the hell did you do?” he joked, punching Clint lightly in his shoulder. “Anyway, Kujo’s bright idea was to hoof it through the woods to make sure he didn’t see us.”
Steve stroked his hands all down Tony’s skin, pausing when he felt scarring. Looking up, he saw Tony’s chest was covered in a network of old scars. He felt Tony freeze above him. Looking into his eyes, Steve could see Tony look at him with wide eyes,
Sam had thought about killing the man right there. Thought about wrapping his hands around the man’s neck and squeezing. Thought about the rush he would get as he felt the life escape through his purpling lips.
“Do you think Tony looks better in blue or red?” Steve asked instead, changing the subject, looking back down at the neat rows of stacked product.
Steve grit his teeth. That was his
“I think you can pull it off,” Tony refuted. “I’ll pay you a thousand bucks if you go golfing with that and use it at least twice.”
Raza growled. “Don’t patronize me. We’re still in business, you and I.”
Oh, wait. That was him breathing.
Clint cleared his throat to his left before taking pity on Steve, jumping into the introduction. He could barely make out the words, it was so hard to hear underwater.
Since Pierce had been adamant to finally capturing The Captain, it was easy for Hammer to fall on board once he found out that he had the bonus of dealing with Tony Stark as he saw fit. With the arrival of their new associate, The Monger-
“Uh, hey,” he started.
“You are such a child,” she scolded fondly.
Delmar felt agents grab each of his arms, pulling him back into the building. “Barton?!”
“Clint,” Bucky hissed as they started to move towards the pair lying in the middle of the street. “We need to go.”
“What the hell is he doing, shooting at the civilians. Is he fucking crazy?”
I should say.”
“Steve, I don’t think anyone’s home.”
Tony flashed him a smile. “Just trying to be a team player. I’m going for employee of the month,” he chided.
“The fact that you think that I can’t fake some files is just plain insulting,” Tony hissed.
“This is stupid.”
Tony smiled. "Rhodey."
Sheet metal doesn’t stop bullets, Cap! You are either the dumbest motherfucker around, or you’re just plain crazy.”
“No,” Steve gasped. “You’re wrong about him.”
“Stark. You’re late,” said Coulson, with a disapproving frown.
The other brunette offered something almost resembling an agreeable smile. “But you’re not like him, are you?”
Loki laughed again. “Oh, brother. You are as naïve as you are dull.” The dark brunette turned back to Steve. “You can save your energy; you won’t be getting anything out of me.”
Tony shivered.
Steve tried to muster up a smile. “Yes, ma’am.”
The fireman sighed. “Oh, well. It does not matter.”
“Ok, ok, you’re right. We need to go back to the main city. There’s a small apartment on Fifth and Delancey.”
Tony rolled his eyes for what felt like the billionth time. “So you’ve said. Repeatedly.”
“Ah, here we go,” Stark said finally. “He loves Downton Abbey.”
“Shut up,” Bucky hissed, slapping the back of Clint’s head. “You really think you could hide this from him? If I didn’t tell him he’d have all our asses. Forgive me for wanting to keep my ass intact.”
Stane held the arc reactor in front of him. “This is your ninth symphony, Tony. This, this here is your legacy,” he said, shaking the arc reactor. “This is going to put us back on top. A whole new age of weapons with this at the heart of it.” He laughed again, standing straight. He cast a final glance to Tony before retreating to the speakeasy stairs. “Thank you, my boy.”
It was just over a few weeks later that it hit him. Bucky had been stewing in bed, cursing the whole Stark name when the idea came to him. He tumbled out of bed and rushed over to his laptop, pulling up the most recent interview with the engineer. It was the same as the first thirty times he had seen it. Nothing more than a simple statement about how Stark Industries was working with the city to fix the damage done by Stane. How he would be personally donating in honor of the employees that he lost. It was quick, nothing more than ten minutes. In and out, no questions.
Tony pulled back slightly to catch his gaze, a calloused hand trailing over the dopey look he was sure he was wearing. “Someone’s in a good mood,” Tony teased as he tried to keep from grinning in return.
“Awesome,” Tony grinned. He stepped back and wiped down his flight suit, as if this was a completely normal situation that definitely shouldn’t be raising Steve’s blood pressure.
Tony’s mind raced, gears churning at top speed. His captor grinned at him when he saw Tony click all the pieces together.
“No offense, Coulson, but you don’t strike me as a man that would be buddy-buddy with Tony Stark.”
Natasha rolled here eyes, but obliged, leaning back in her chair to where she was filing her nails with a knife tip. “Baby,” she whispered under her breath.
“You can’t fool me,” said Steve, patting Tony’s back comfortingly. “Now come on, before the rush gets here.”
Without a second thought Clint charged, jumping on the man’s back and tackling him. The trespasser yelped as they both fell to the ground. His arms flailed and he shoved at Clint with fumbled inexperience. Clint grabbed a handful of dirt and threw it in his face, the other man’s hands trying to block it on instinct. The rest of his body exposed, Clint jabbed a fist into the flesh of his stomach hard, smiling at the man’s pained shout. “What, you didn’t get enough back at the store, asshole? You come waltzing up here to come teach me a lesson? Well, let me tell you- ”
She skulked around the back, preening when she saw another door farther down the side.
How could they, a
“Dammit, it’s not here,” Steve’s voice echoed over the comms.
“You’re not focusing. Come on, you’re making this too easy,” chided Bucky, throwing Steve to the mat yet again. Each time his body thudded against the ground, Steve stood up with that much more anger, trying harder and harder to hit Bucky. His large muscles were straining, sweat stinging as it dripped into his eyes. Bucky kept throwing around a few more snarky comments, never hitting back, just using enough force to throw Steve back down to the mat.
He was here, here with Tony. It seemed like such a pipe dream just days before, but he was here, and it was real.
“He’s in shock, but he’ll be fine with proper rest.”
Clint raced through the streets, pushing past civilians instead of trying to dodge their foot traffic. He could hear the angry retorts, but there was no time to stop and throw a punch. He flew across the last corner, flinging himself into the dark shawarma shop. Rushing to the back he almost collided with Bucky, who was walking up the speakeasy stairs.
Natasha sighed. “Well, we’re getting nowhere. We should get back in there; see if we can pry anything else out of him.”
“He used to be a police officer. Got thrown out of the force a few years back for assaulting his witnesses.”
Tony’s stomach churned again. “How’s it going in there?”
Clint nodded, biting his lip. “I told him what happened. He said nothing’s changed at his end. Pierce still doesn’t know about him.”
he asked himself that night, sitting alone in his cell. It struck him there that he didn’t know what Riley would do, what Riley would say. That voice in his head, that voice he’d convinced himself was Riley, pushing him day after day, was only a veiled lie. It wasn’t Riley’s voice, it was his. His anger, his pain, driving him day in and day out. He used his memory of Riley to fight his own problems and called it justice. Was he mad that his country had failed Riley? That they’d sent him on an unwinnable mission for their own gain; a suicidal journey through hell that only awarded him with death? Or was he mad that his country did all those things to him, only for him to survive and be left in ruin?
“ANTHONY EDWARD STARK!”
had been nagging at Tony’s brain the entire night. After going over each of the Commando members, Steve could have been one of two people. A lover, because the only other family Barnes had was in the mob. But that couldn’t be right; if the looks the man had been sending Natasha were any indication, Tony could see that Barnes was gone over her.
“It’s alright, I’m here now," Natasha's voice filtered through his head. "You’ve held them all up for the past month. It’s my turn to help now.”
Clint stared at him. “Yinsen? Yeah, I heard Rhodes talking about it. I’m sorry.”
“I don’t like this, Pepper,” the man finally said, his voice as stony as the rest of him.
Steve’s smile slipped away, thinking about the place they were currently living in. No, it wasn’t home. He and Tony hadn’t had a real home in a long time. They’d tried to stay optimistic, saying that ‘
Barnes tilted his head minutely, before standing up, slowly stalking up to Tony, a menacing force towering over him. “I wanted to talk to you.”
Wilson’s voice came through the phone again.
The two men looked at each other, ignoring the protests of Hammer. “Uh, w-we were just contracted by Hammer,” one of them stammered out, the whites of his eyes shining in bright contrast to the darkened room. “We don’t know anything, I swear,” he confirmed.
“You guys got nothing?”
“Well who’s gonna keep him safe?!”
But that could wait. There were more pressing matters at hand. With Thor’s declaration last night, Clint had shut down yet again. Just as he was starting to make progress, the confirmation of Phil’s murder was not something that the archer needed to hear. The last Steve saw of him, he was retreating back up to the vents. Steve knew Natasha was still looking out for him, making sure he remained in the compound in case Clint got it in his head that he needed to go on a suicide mission to the precinct.
was engraved into the lower casing. When did she even have time to put this together? He had just seen her hours before. To get this done, she’d have had to march straight down to R&D for them to throw something together immediately. Knowing Pepper, that’s exactly what she did.
Steve could have roared in satisfaction, unable to stop himself from reaching out to touch the tanned –
Tony shrugged. “Maybe I just wanted to see you out of a pantsuit. You look stunning by the way. New dress?”
But it didn’t come.
Barnes had lost consciousness again, but Tony wasn’t surprised. For as stubborn as that man was, no one could outlast blood loss forever. Tony had been impressed that the man had managed to make it that long. Strange's men worked on him throughout the whole ride. Once at their final destination, Barnes was offloaded and rushed inside before he could even blink. Which leads to now, with Barnes in the middle of surgery, and Tony, still frozen in shock in the hallway, staring at his hands. This place was cold and dark, but quiet. It was almost nice - that was until Tony shut his eyes and was met with the screams and the roar of flames.
The store was small, and although it was luckily uncrowded, Tony pulled his arm close to his chest, hoping no one would notice the blood staining his jacket. His eyes darted around the room, not wanting to waste another precious minute, looking for tools. It wasn’t long before he found what he was looking for: a bag of sugar and some water bottles. Tony smiled, bundling the products in his arms. Just like college all over again.
Except for the darkness.
Steve shrugged. “What can I say? You must be rubbing off on me.”
“You’ll shove your fist so far up my ass that every time I open my mouth in front of a mirror, I’ll see you giving me the finger. Yea, I’m aware, sir. It won’t happen again.”
Steve had given up on the concept pretty quickly but found himself whittling in the corner of Tony’s room, waiting for the man to wake up. Maybe he just needed something to do with his hands, something to distract him from Tony’s injuries, or the Ten Ring members Bucky was hiding in the basement.
Stane flashed a grin. “The one you left to me. Tony Stark.”
Just some things to think about.
“I know,” Tony smiled in response. And he did. She and Rhodey had been with him since the beginning. And they were here still. They were part of the family that he wouldn’t trade for the world.
“Do you wish to keep your family safe? How much are you willing to sacrifice to ensure their safety?”
Another one empty.
"You lied to me about the file drop," continued Pierce.
Steve heard Bucky growl behind him, cocking his gun. Steve shot his hand out, with an unspoken '
Steve nodded solemnly at Tony. “Yes. He thinks this will fix everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Holy shit, man. You alright?”
Barton pulled the car to a stop. “Nothing, I just thought you’d be more interesting. Always a foot soldier, I guess.”
Steve groaned. “That has nothing to do with
“Tony.”
This situation with Rumlow was a test run, to see how his new business partner operated. Pierce had been a little skeptical with The Monger’s plan, but so far, it had wielded nothing but results. Rumlow was dead, a definite inconvenience, but the upcoming profit would be so much sweeter than the losses.
“I should warn them.”
"I'll give it the old college try, Sir," JARVIS responded dryly.
Tony nodded, pulling Barnes to his feet. “You alright to do this?”
“I don’t want to hear you’re excuses Clinton Francis Barton,” said Pepper, holding up a firm hand. “We have been looking everywhere for you!
Fury rubbed his hands together. “Full immunity, huh?”
But, there was a larger part of her that was pleased that Sam was by her side. Upon Steve sharing the news yesterday of their fate, Natasha was conflicted. She has spent a majority of her life on her own. And while she knew that she would be able to thrive in whatever environment the FBI put her in, she couldn’t help but feel a certain uneasiness, one she hadn’t felt since she was a child.
“Neither did I,” the other man ground out.
“Well thanks, a lot asshole. There goes my life’s work. What the hell where you doing messing with the Avengers?! This was my op!”
“Exactly what I was thinking,” Steve replied. “Let me take you out? I did promise you a date, didn’t I?”
“Your faith in me is
the heat sensors?” When Tony had told Romanov what warehouse to use, he spent the rest of the day rigging up the place. Each entrance was wired with heat sensors and top of the line cameras, able to spot anyone and anything that tries to get into the joint. Connecting the system to JARVIS and their phones, Tony and The Captain would know whenever someone laid their first steps on the property.
Steve’s office, despite only made for The Captain himself, was probably the most used room in the whole building. It was the perfect escape for both Steve and the team. Despite having an apartment with Bucky, Steve found himself crashing in his office each night, never fully able to pull himself away from the job. On top of that usage, everyone on his team had sought out his office every once in a while, usually looking for a place to relax in peace, listening to the quiet sounds of Steve working. A heavy wooden desk with a dusty armchair adorned the back wall, always littered in papers and random notes left for Steve. Ancient rugs covered the floor, always giving off a warm vibe, complementing the awful floral print couch, snatched from the curbside by an extremely intoxicated Dugan and Falsworth, that was so well used that there were permanent indents in it. A bookshelf, haphazardly put together by Bucky, held every type of book imaginable, slowly filled up by different members of the crew. A small dresser sat next to it where Steve always stored extra clothes for when he got too cold in the old warehouse. The best part was the left wall that was covered in different papers. Most were newspaper clippings that Clint started to bring in, articles about the press trying to get a better handle on the mysterious Captain and his Commandos. Clint had laughed as he hung them up, saying it was great that his hard work was appreciated. Other spots were filled with pictures: a passed out Sam Wilson on his birthday covered in toilet paper, Thor clinking glasses with Steve and Natasha in the midst of a drinking contest, a few of The Commandos standing with their families, trying to look normal despite their day jobs. There were also a few snapchats of the past, like failed undercover looks, a few ugly prom pictures, and even one of young Bucky and a scrawny Steve. Whatever wall space that was left was covered in Steve’s doodles. It hadn't been long before the crew figured out one of Steve’s hobbies. They were, after all, great at their jobs, and well, Steve had never been a great liar. Steve had managed to catch them all at one point: Clint and Bucky mid fight, Natasha curled up with a good book, Dugan laughing jovially over dinner, a few of Howard, Erskine, Peggy.
Tony shook his head, wiggling his fingers on his right hand as evidence. Yinsen nodded, patting his hand before leaning back against his chair.
he thought to himself.
“Don’t worry,” Steve placated. “They’re Tony’s.”
“Tony has to go back to New York soon,” he replied softly.
Stark nodded, placing his head in his hands.  “I know. This waiting around isn’t doing me any favors either. We could try and draw them out again?”
He walked down the hallway, glad that he didn’t hear Steve behind him. It didn’t matter how Steve tried to support him. The team might think they agree with him, but there is no way that Clint wasn’t affecting them. There was no way that they hadn’t thought how it might have gone different if they were there instead of him.
“I don’t know, but you’ve got to tell them. You’ve gotta tell Steve before he does something stupid.”
Steve walked over and flipped the body over. Ripping through the jacket, Steve’s blood ran cold.
The further he continued his search, the more frantic Tony became. She wasn’t here; Pepper wasn’t here.
Sam thumped his head against the steering wheel. “No one asked us,” he mumbled.
“What was on all the files?”
Tony laughed. "Again? If you think today's incidents constituent as kidnapping, then you've got pretty low standards, buddy."
Tony watched as the other brunette slipped away, the door closing gently behind him. Finally alone, Tony turned his attention back towards Steve. He was still very pale, almost fragile looking huddled in the blankets. Tony could almost see the faint resemblance of that small broken boy that he’d seen in the photos from The Captain’s old office. He looked young like this. Without his eyes open, there was no way to see the weariness and heartbreak he carries in his stormy orbs.
You’re gonna do this now?!” Bucky’s voice carried over the boxes, stopping the two men from arguing.
“I said they could leave. I didn’t say they could leave alive,” Steve responded, stepping closer to Hammer.
Bucky paused again, looking at the empty spot in the middle of the bed. “Was it… bad?”
“Oh, should I say that I should be happy? That I’m lucky to be alive?”
Tony Stark was many things, but there was one thing that he wasn’t.
Tony shrugged. To be honest, he just needed something to keep his mind off everything that had happened.
Tony felt himself nodding, but didn’t warrant any other response. For the past half hour, the two men had been dancing around small and awkward conversations. Turns out, it had been so much easier when the two were just being hostile to each other. Now that they were working towards a common goal, there wasn’t a lot to say.
Things were ok.
“Okay? Then what?”
“Sounds like another life,” Tony replied hoarsely.
(See the end of the chapter for
Another response from Natasha, and Stark sighed. “Yes, there is. Sam called and said that Steve wants us to give out the rest of the file locations? That can’t be right.”
“What is all this?” Steve found himself asking.
The force through him over the railing, his hands darting out to catch him before he fell. He looked down to watch his shield slip down onto the street. He tried to pull himself up, but the strike team kept shooting. A gun pointed through the broken window, and fired again. The bullet scraped along his fingers, causing Steve to lose his grip. Steve plummeted towards the ground, and closed his eyes.
“Clint? Clint, is Tony in there?”
After the internal homophobia ideal didn't pan out, Clint just assumed that the whole dating scene just didn't seem to interest Steve. Which was hard enough to believe - the man was an artist that still believed in the value of khakis, for God's sake. He just screams Hollywood romantic. It wasn't until Bucky let something slip that Clint figured it out.
“He doesn’t mean it,” Steve said to Lucky, as if the dog could even get offended. “He’s a big softie. You’ll be in his lap by the end of the night.”
“You do know something else, don’t you?” Yinsen asked quietly.
Bucky smacked him on the side of the head. “You’re not alone, Steve. Don’t ever feel like you have to be. I’m with you till the end of the line.”
Steve groaned, rubbing his eyes with his fingers. It had been just a few weeks since he ‘woke up’. And yet, Steve still found himself wishing each day that they never found him in the ice.
The paneling behind the shelf disappeared, and a large hand reached out and grabbed the silver bars. Not seconds later, the hand snaked back out with a small vial.
He didn’t wait for a response, just jogging back over to the car. Starting the engine, he barely delayed enough for Natasha to hop in besides him. He tore out of the parking lot, heading south before picking his phone back up.
Tony stared back at the blonde, looking for any sort of tells that the man was lying. “HYDRA’s gone. You got rid of them. Quite tastefully, I might add. I don’t usually leave a review but you get a full five stars from me.”
“Then where did Stark go? Steve was asking for him when we got there, so he was obviously there at one point.”
His eye lids fluttered shut, the curtain drawing on its final act.
Steve pulled up alongside the disgruntled man. “Really, Bucky?”
“Yep.”
His eyes felt wide open, but the black never left.
Tony could see Steve biting his lip to keep from laughing. “Relax. He knows about me. So does Pepper. I had no choice, really," he continued. "It was either tell them my life story or Pepper would blow my brains out.”
“And do you know where they are?”
Bucky had said.
“A distraction,” Clint whispered, pulling out his gun.
Bucky sucked in a sharp breath, no doubt trying to regulate his heart rate. “Don’t defend me, Steve. God, what am I doing? You’re still recovering. I’ll go get Bruce, and- ”
“Yeah, but they don’t know you,” responded Barnes. “Howard would have left me in that fire.”
Steve peered back through the glass, seeing nothing but darkness. It really did look like no one was home. Without thinking, Steve snapped a fist out, punching into the thick glass, creating spider web cracks all over the door.
“We have something else to give you for that,” Tony added. “Something we know that you don’t have, and that you desperately need.”
“What the hell?” Tony asked, still rubbing at his hand.
“So, indefinitely,” Natasha snapped.
“Really?” Tony asked.
“Tony, my boy, Pepper’s right. Take a vacation; get out of New York for a while. It isn’t safe for you here,” Stane tried to argue.
“Yeah, well, someone’s gotta take care of you, since you seem hell bent against it. Besides, have you seen yourself? Stark’s gonna wake up and take one look at you before he goes nuts.”
“Good. Clint, you need to leave.”
And that's what scared him the most. Being alive left a wide spectrum: there was a lot of wiggle room between being healthy and death. And regardless of who had taken Tony, Steve knew that they would be more than happy to explore any and every torturous scenario they could, until Tony said yes. But he never would.
Steve looked around in horror. The mansion was destroyed; there were pieces of house and furniture strewn all over the place. Steve stared harder, only to find a still hand sticking out of the ruble.
Bucky looked away, not able to answer.
she mused. “Nice password,” he added. “I approve.”
Enjoy!
“What?” Steve snapped his head towards Bucky, finally taking his eyes away from the door. “What do you mean? Are you sure you checked everywhere?”
More shots came from down the hallway. Tony raised his hands again but Yinsen slapped them down. “Save it. The repulsors need to recharge, otherwise you’ll overheat the reactor.”
Steve whirled around to be met with Agent Coulson.
“I will,” Yinsen responded, voice barely reaching Tony’s ears. “I’m going to see them now, Stark. My family. They’re dead.”
“Delete,” Tony responded. He could deal with this. All he had to do was distract Obie with a new design and the man would back off for at least a couple of months.
“You can’t do this! You’re sick!”
They don’t deserve the luxury of a quick bullet to the head.”
Tony was jolted right and then pushed forward, someone snatching the bag away from his head. Tony squinted at the bright lights illuminating the room. Once he forced himself to reopen his eyes, Tony could only wish that he hadn’t. There, encompassing the entirety of the room, were his weapons. Every weapon imaginable, it seemed, from SI’s top sellers, to the ones always meant for the clearance rack.
“There was a bomb. Come on, we need to get out before the building collapses.”
-------------------------
“Tony, where are you?” Steve asked. He hadn’t seen the suit fly around, and it had been a while since he’d heard him chime in on their channel.
“Hey.”
“You ever hear of an ice bullet?”
Steve whistled as the armored figure disappeared. “Wow,” he whispered.
Steve hushed him, flicking Tony on the arm. “What’s up, Thor?”
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Rumors about what?”
Tony flinched at the sound of Barnes’s voice. Without even thinking about it, he pulled his gun out and tossed it to the other man. “Consider it on the house.”
“Fuck,” Tony hissed again, immediately going for his phone. He had The Captain’s number halfway dialed before he tossed the phone away.
Tony nodded eagerly, breaking off into a moan as Steve pressed his fingers forward, his body lighting up in pleasure. “Fuck, again,” he pleaded. And Steve delivered. Again and again, like he was getting as much out of it as Tony was.
Steve heard Clint snicker when he saw Stark’s position, although it was cut off with another gasp of pain. Bucky stepped closer, pushing harder against the wound to try and comfort his friend.
“Which only begs the question of what you would have done if you
The smell of an Italian roast hit them as they exited the elevator, and Steve and Bucky followed the scent unconsciously, knowing who would be at the source. Tony stood at the kitchen island, one hand cradling his mug to his chest protectively, the other furiously typing on a tablet. He was in a suit this morning, probably on his way out to the office.
A small thud and suddenly Barton was in front of him, his face as pale and drawn as Tony’s, looking like nothing more than a ghost in the light of the hallway. “Why are you here?” he asked.
Моя голубка = little dove, Russian
“Tony? Tony!” Steve found himself crying out for his lover again. It was pointless, he knew. Most of the blood that he found had dried already.
“A family.”
Months ago, when Steve sat at Tony’s bedside as he healed from his kidnapping, he found himself whittling a small sculpture for the injured man. The idea had hit him out of the blue – much like the camping plan. He had been walking into the speakeasy when he saw a lump of wood in a passing alleyway. It was strange to see something this far into the city that wasn’t premanufactured wood; this looked like it was a branch that was ripped right from the tree just hours before. Steve stared at it and thought,
Bruce opened his eyes to find a smiling Thor looking down at him. And gripping his hand was a little girl, thumb stuck in her mouth.
” she whispered under her breath. “What do you need to know?" she asked, not missing a beat. She was always Steve's model student. "Some of my valued sources picked up on a weapons cache, that’s all.”
Steve liked them because even though they came from the same mold, each of them were different. Unique. Special.
"Tony, my boy," Obie started, clapping a hand against his shoulder. "The board and I will handle this. You just do what you do best, and keep that brain running. Show people that we can still deliver in the middle of a crisis, okay?"
Sure, they said things sometimes that left the others spinning, but they were always there to pick each other up again.
he gasped.
A few resounding groans echoed through the room. “That’s just great,” drawled Barton. “HYDRA has their hooks in everyone.”
“Listen, I’ll tell you but you gotta promise not to kill me until I finish. Deal?”
Steve wanted to say. He was just so damn tired. He couldn’t think anymore; he didn’t want to think. “Got any ideas?” Steve asked back.
he laughed to himself. Never did he ever picture himself living anywhere that had one of those. Years ago, he would have thought an alarm clock was an unimportant luxury. He had been used to snoozing in damp alleyways and abandoned factories. Not exactly an ideal life for an alarm clock. Now, he couldn’t look at it without hearing Tony’s voice in his head.
“It’s a private residence,” Tony smiled, not even bothering to turn around as he kicked off underwear. “Clothing is optional.”
“Oh God,” came a moaned reply. “Are we going to split the World’s Largest Piece of Lasagna?”
Tony hummed. "What kind of buildings are over there?"
Tony scoffed. “Or what, you’re gonna kill me? Please. If you wanted me dead, all you had to do was snap your fingers. You wouldn’t go through all this trouble.”
leave him. Just like Tony couldn’t leave him. Steve wouldn’t let him.
Delmar was about to grab the gun when his door was pried open, and he was manhandled out of the car by Captain America himself.
Tony growled as he took another swig. Honestly, Tony had seen The Captain do some stupid shit over the last month, but this takes the cake.
“I do need those secrets, but now I know that I don’t need you,” The Skull responded, edging closer to Steve. “The SSR had been around since World War II. That’s a lot of information to have collected over the years, don’t you think? And you remember it all?”
“Were you in the van?”
“How did you know?”
It didn’t matter. He'd tried, he'd tried his damnedest, but there were just too many, and with any form of protection only on his hands, it wasn't long before Tony was out-manned.
Tony whirled around frantically, Steve shooting a concerned glance him way.  “Steve,” he breathed shakily.
It wasn’t that he liked lying to Tony, and going outside the law never sat well with him. But he had this internal debate every single time to steps into the car every Wednesday. He didn’t need the recognition, he didn’t need the costume. He didn’t need anyone to tell him he was a superhero. All Steve knew was that he wasn’t going to sit back and let anyone tell him he couldn’t help people anymore.
“Ok, I have weird taste in friends. So?”
Tony tried to stand back up, but stumbled again, this time heading right to the floor. “Tony, where the hell have you-
Tony started to run down the second set of stairs when he stopped, whipping back around to face the wall of flames. It was hard to hear anything over the roaring of the fire and his own heart thudding in his chest, but Tony knew there was something else.
“-get you out of here, don’t you worry,” Steve was saying. “We’ll take you to the hospital and then everything we’ll be fine.”
“Think of it as a first step. I know it’s not a lot,” Tony shrugged.
But not Barnes. How he’d snagged the title of being the most dangerous nightmare in New York’s shadows was definitely no walk in the park, but what Tony first viewed as dark and almost revolting was now only seen as convoluted, at best. It was no surprise that Tony had been wrong about Bucky’s character, but the degree he’d been off by was startling. Now, when he lays awake at night, his doubts don’t air for Steve, but for his right-hand man. Hell, Tony was so off kilter with his new investigation, he wasn’t even sure if Barnes wanted any part of this life.
"I think you know the answer to that too," Steve whispered, giving him a small smile.
He had closed his loop.
“When were these taken?”
Tony snorted, reaching in his back pocket before chucking her a phone. She unlocked the home screen and went immediately to the contacts tab, smiling at the seven names that stared back up at here. Her finger traced James’s name that sat at the top of the list.
right?
I just wanted to- " he paused. "I wonder if this is what my dad felt," he added, before shaking his head again. “I can’t be trusted with this,” he negated. “I just can’t.”
Tony was done with them. The Captain certainly hadn’t done any favors for Tony; he didn’t owe them anything.
“You heard rumors that they're back in Brooklyn,” Tony pushed.
“Well, I’m sorry to say that you won’t get the chance. It’s over Zola.”
Steve finally looked around, taking in his surroundings. Tony must have blasted in with his back up suit right as the gun went off, pushing Steve out of the bullet’s trajectory.
Tony gagged violently, quickly losing whatever had sat in his stomach. Upon seeing the state of his clothes, Tony’s stomach threatened a second round.
Tony smiled upon hearing Rhodey’s voice, turning slightly to see his friend slip into the seat on his right. “Can you blame me?” Tony asked flirtatiously, eyes returning to Steve’s prone form.
At least it was a good dream this time. A memory of a better time. A time where Tony was his. But all of that was gone. Tony was gone.
“We know who’s behind this?” Steve shouted over the gunfire.
“Okay, okay.” Bullets rained over them, glass shattering and boxes exploding all around. Steve could vaguely hear the shouts of Hammer’s men over the pounding of blood in his own ears.
“How bad is it?” asked Tony, counting on Yinsen to give it to him straight.
It was Pepper’s. She would be much better in his shoes – hell, everyone knows she basically runs that company anyway.
