Arise, Brother, Servant of the Shadows. (ENOCHIAN)
“No, let him sleep." Sam put a hand on the smaller man’s arm. Looking at the bandages, he hesitated, removing the hand.
“Oh,Cas…”Dean whispered. Sam was silent, his eyes saying all, Saying how sorry he was. How this, too, was his fault. Cas moved to where Sam stood, and cupped the hunters chin in his hand, making Sam look at him. He shook his head. ‘This is not on you. I chose this’ his eyes said. Sam nodded, not truly believing it. Cas hugged the shaggy haired man gently. One day, he’d be better able to explain to the gentle giant. Returning to the older hunter, Cas pressed Deans hand that held the vial to his own heart, and then to the hunters flannel covered one. The message here was clear. Dean would hold on to his Grace for safekeeping, as he already had keeping of Cas heart. Dean smiled, putting his own hand over Cas where it rested on the plaid covered chest. He squeezed. Cas smiled at him.
“More? You want...more, with me?” Dean grunted sleepily.
“He’s…he’s my fiancée. He vanished about six months ago. I thought he’d just left me…We had a fight…” Dean looked tearful. “I’m Dean Smith. This is my brother Sam. The man in that bed is Castiel. Castiel Wesson. Now may I please see him?” The blond looked disappointed.
“ I can’t do that, Dean. He freed me from my prison. Now he will get the reward he deserves. Be good, and I’ll let both of you live-for now. Misbehave and…well, neither Michael nor I NEED our True Vessels anymore. That ship sailed at Stull Cemetery.” Sam finally made it to the bottom of the stairs.
They were led down a long hallway, and out into a secluded courtyard paved in old stone. Ringed around the courtyards edges were various government officials and representatives from the Men of Letters, here to see that the collaring ritual binding angel to owner was done correctly. Sam stood next to the small table at the center, on which sat a brass bowl, a silver knife, various herbs. And a collar. Sam’s face was blank, emotionless, but Dean knew that he detested this, as much as Dean did. But whatever it took to keep his family-to keep Cas safe, Sam would do. For Dean, and for Cas as well.
Deans face fell, and his hands shook as he knelt and lifted the lid of the box. A gasp and a sob fell from his lips, echoed by Sam, as he saw what lay within. An ornate glass jar, containing ashes. A long, black feather. Both of these things nestled atop a carefully folded brown trenchcoat. This was all that remained of Castiel Angel of the Lord.
“Hurt him? No, I’m not going to harm an atom of his being. He is my brother, after all. I’m here to help him. To free him from his servitude to all of you mud monkeys. To bring him to the glory that he could never have achieved serving our absent Father. I’m here to save him from it all. Come along, and witness the dawn of a new era.“ Lucifer began walking again, heading unerringly for the room where Cas sat unknowing. The Winchesters picked themselves up and scrambled after him, hoping to catch up before he reached Cas. By the time they reached the room, Lucifer was already inside. They tried to enter as well, but found themselves pushed to their knees in the doorway.
“Dean.” Sam whispered, pointing, “Look at his arm.” Deans face fell as he spied the Mark that had come so near to possessing him, so near to destroying him, on the arm of the former warrior of God. The fool angel had taken on the Mark in his place! Deans voice was sharp with anger.
“When we test overdose patients, especially IV drug users, we routinely screen for STDs. Castiel is HIV positive. His immune system is so bad, and his T-cell count so low, that his condition is actually considered full blown AIDS.” Deans eyes went wide, then closed in pain. AIDS.  No cure. Cas was…. He was silent for several minutes.
“Fine. But let’s bring it back here. I don’t wanna be gone too long.” Dean went to Cas’ bedside and took his frail hand.
“Well, MY command is that it’s ok. We humans need to touch, and to be touched. No matter how much we may think otherwise.” He said with a sheepish look. He'd never been comfortable with displays of affection, but this was Cas. If Cas needed the touch-the connection-Dean would be there for him, his own hang ups be damned!
“Cas!” The angels eyes opened, momentarily glowing gold, as they had at the playground.They then faded to blue.
"Hello, Dean. Sam."
He’d bought the stuff from a different dealer this time. One he didn’t know well. Hopefully this was good shit. He NEEDED to escape again, just for a little while. He needed to forget. He’d had to buy more this time. His tolerance was getting pretty high, and the small dose he’d begun with did nothing for him anymore. He prepped up the hit, and pulled the tourniquet tight around his bicep. Felt the bite as he pushed the needle in, then pushed the plunger down. He felt a familiar sense of calm, of peace and wellbeing overtake him. He was sedated, medicated. Nothing could reach him. Not the pain, not the guilt or self-loathing, the shame- not even the memories of a Father who had abandoned him for...ages. A Father he no longer prayed to. Hadn't for a long time..
“We wanted to share the great news, and invite you to share in the happiness! Destiel is officially canon!!” Dean groaned and covered his eyes, as Cas put an arm around him. “My brother has asked Cas to marry him, and we’d like you to be there, you and Kristin! I’ll send details as soon as the lovebirds set a date. Please let us know. Bye.” All three men waved and the video ended.
Well, there you go...finally. Unless I decide to do an epilogue someday...
Sam was leaning on the doorframe to Dean’s temporary room, sipping on the organic root beer he’d picked up at the farmers market a few days before.
Later that day the attempt was made to take Cas off of the ventilator. The machine was turned off, and the on call doctor unhooked the tubing from the mouthpiece. There was a long pause after he pulled the tube from Cas’ throat as they waited for him to breathe on his own.  A nurse stood by with a kit, ready to re-intubate, if needed. Thirty seconds went by. Forty-five. Nothing. The doctor nodded, reaching for the tubing that the nurse held. He readied the scope.
Cas:Will he offer me his teeth?
This replaces the previous "non-chapter".
After driving for a little while, Dean pulled into a diner and got out. It was only when Cas remained in the car that he realized just how difficult this was going to be. “Come on, Clarence.”
“Dean. You need to move.” Dean gave no response, his shoulders shaking silently with the sobs he could no longer hold in. Sam pulled him back by his arms, gathering the shaking hunter to his chest. Dean wrapped his arms around his younger brother and buried his face in his chest. The dam had broken inside of Dean, and the flood of tears seemed unending.
“So, Dean, does this make us in a boat, now?” Dean pulled back to look Cas in the eyes, puzzled.
Sam squatted down, to be at eye level with the being. He cleared his throat.
“The disease is unpredictable. It becomes severe more quickly in some patients than in others. It hits especially hard in addicts, who are usually also malnourished because of their addiction. They become especially vulnerable to the secondary infections and diseases that AIDS patients die from. Castiel’s condition is severe enough that, if he wakes up and recovers, you may want to consider moving him straight to hospice care.”
“ He's not broken, Sammy. I’ll talk to him. Let’s just give him a little space. I’m sure that was terrible for him, but I’ll explain. He’s got to realize why I did it, that I had no other choice.” Groaning, he put his head in his hands. Too little sleep and too much booze was catching up with him, fast. Sleeping, or trying to, on one of the old dead guy mattresses wasn’t helping any. Every muscle in his body seemed to ache at once. He missed his memory foam. Sam looked unconvinced of his brothers ability to fix this situation.
“You’re...human, now?” Cas asked. Jack nodded. “And I’m…?”
Usual non ownership stuff...
“I’m sorry, Dean.”  His eyes darkened, becoming empty. He sank into the blackness of his own being, and knew no more.
Two days later, two very tired men entered Pontiac West Hospital.
“Ok, so how do we do this?” He asked. Castiel handed Dean the Angel blade that was kept with his gear, and a small rune covered vial. He’d come prepared for this possibility.
“So, don’t get me wrong, I’m glad Cas is better, that he’s coming home to the Bunker with us. But he’s still so sick. He’s still dying. Where are you? Why won’t you help him? He needs you. Please. Help him. I will give anything, do anything that you ask of me. Just please, save him. For Dean. For me.”
Cas retreated to a hidden room with the walkman he’d found in a pawn shop. Apparently, the Men of Letters were interested in music as well as monsters. He’d found an old piano stored in that dusty space, under a thick cover. It was only slightly out of tune. Using tutorials on the internet, he’d taught himself to play when the Winchesters were out of the Bunker. Now he needed to add his voice and a tune. He loaded the cassette, and looked at the cover photo while he listened. The girl who had played him-Siobhan, Sam had said her name was-was adorable.Of course, they’d not been entirely accurate on the costume. Especially about his wings. The girls voice, though, was almost worthy of a place in the Host. He rewound, and tried to sing along. On the third try, he went down a couple of octaves, and it was easier to carry the tune. He sighed. Now for the next part, reworking the lyrics to express what he wanted to say.
Our sincerest condolences.
“Since Stull Cemetery, when you gave me a chance to talk to Sammy. When Lucifer exploded you. You gave your life so that I could do that, Cas. I knew then how I felt about you. Its just hard for me to say it, and to show it, sometimes. I know I should have, before now. I’m so sorry…” The angel reached back to touch the hunter behind him.
My apologies for any glaring medical inaccuracies.
Dean paced the length of the small waiting room he had been shown to in preparation for the Collaring Ceremony. It held several very comfortable chairs, but he ignored them. There was no way he could relax. Not yet. This was wrong. So very wrong. He was about to take ownership of another living being. Of an Angel. Of Castiel. The fact that doing so was the only way to keep him safe, to keep him from the hands of those who would use and abuse him did not make it any less abhorrent. It made it worse. This was Cas. His friend. His brother in arms. His…
“His grace...is gone. I felt it at the playground, when I helped him kill Dagon, but I can’t feel it anymore. His wings…”Jack looked down to where the charred wing prints marked the soil. “That’s what happens when they die?.” He shuddered. He laid a gentle hand to Castiel’s chest. “Yet, some small part of him remains…” He cocked his head, looking at the hunters. “He’s been...human?” Sam nodded from where he and Dean sat huddled together.
Usual non ownership disclaimer. Well, there it is. Hope you enjoyed the ride.
“Come, sit beside him. Quickly, before the reaper arrives to harvest his soul. Hold his hand, and focus on your love for him. Focus on the bond between you.” The nephilims eyes held a determined look.
“That was beautiful. And you did this-all this…for me?” Cas nodded. “You’re amazing, sweet heart! Could you...would you sing it once more?” Cas nodded again and turned back to the keys. As he sang, Dean hummed along.When they got to the last line, this time Dean joined in.
“Dean.” The angels deep voice came from the doorway, where he was silhouetted by the Bunkers hallway light. The elder Winchester looked up blearily at the figure in the doorway, and then over at his alarm clock.
“You know why, Dean.” Sam said as he picked up a sheet of parchment that lay outside the warding. The spell itself. Good. That gave them somewhere to start. Tears of anger and fustration flowed from the elder Winchesters eyes.
'Chuck. God, please. Bring him back. Please don’t take him from me. It can’t end like this. I know I should have said it. I know that I should have told him before now...but I was afraid. Everything I ever care about...dies. I couldn’t let myself feel. I didn’t want to lose him... I didn’t want that pain. I was selfish. But, now...I can’t let him go without him knowing that I love him. Please, give him back to me...if only long enough to tell him how I feel, long enough to say goodbye.'
Cas finds a different cure for the Mark.
“Please, don’t do this. You have no reason to hurt Cas.“ Lucifer hesitated, confused by Sams statement. He tilted his head in that oh so familiar angelic gesture of puzzlement.
They’d been back at the Bunker for nearly two weeks when Sam finally got the courage up to approach his brother about a very touchy subject. Dean was sitting in the well stocked kitchen. He’d just made a ham and swiss sandwich and opened a beer, his first of the day. Sam sat down at the table across from him, and cleared his throat. The older hunter looked up, only to see his “little” brothers almost apologetic expression. Here it comes, he thought.
“It's Dads plan for you, not mine. I simply did what He asked of me." He said. Sam, recovering his voice at last, piped up.
“Enough?" Realization dawned on him. "The priest! I thought he-You- looked familiar!” Chuck nodded.
“I’m so proud of you, baby. You were wonderful! I love you. So much.“ He whispers, and covers the smaller man’s lips with his own. The rest of the world fades away, and they don’t even hear the cheers of the crowd around them...
Three weeks later, Dean came back to his room to find a note on his bed.
“What is it, Cas? It’s two thirty in the morning, buddy.” Cas stepped into the room.
“My mother wanted to call me Jack. That name will do, for now.” Sam nodded, settling on the floor and kicking the discarded blade out of his reach. He took a deep breath.
“We’ll figure it out. Lets go”
"Time to go home, brother." Cas gave the boys one last look.
“Goodnight Dean.” Dean wasn’t sure what he had said to upset Cas. Had mention of one of his Fathers lackeys made him angry? He sighed, knowing he’d get no more out of the former angel tonight.
Dean insisted on settling Cas in his room, on “the best mattress in the place.” At least until they got another room set up for Cas. Sam had already done some discreet searches for hospital beds, knowing that it would become a necessity somewhere down the road. He hadn’t given up on a miracle, but he was no longer holding his breath for one, either. Dean moved into the next room over so that he could be there for Cas if he needed anything. Days passed, and became weeks. Cas grew stronger with lots of rest and Deans good cooking. He smiled more-and even laughed occasionally-but the happiness never truly seemed to reach his eyes. They stayed shadowed and sad, almost grey instead of the vibrant blue they had been.
While the boys had been discussing Sams Stanford secret, Cas had dragged the post on its stand out into the middle of the room. He had tied a dummy, made of the boys clothes stuffed with pillows, to the rings in the top. He cleared his throat to get the boys attention.
“What are you doing here?" Deans voice was angry, his fists balled at his sides. Billie looked at him, her eyes soft.
Five years down the road...
“I couldn’t...I’m sorry. I’m sorry I never told him. That he never knew that I loved him.“ Dean looked at the fallen angel.
“Pontiac. What the hell was he doing in Pontiac? And he’s hurt-so he’s human again. What?” Dean muttered. He shook his head. “OK Sammy, pack up. We leave in 10.” Dean looked up at his brother.
Then she hit reply...
“So what now? For you as a human, I mean?” Jack sighed.
”Many owners rename their charges to signify their ownership. I name you Clarence.” Sam gave Dean a small smirk, remembering that Meg had called him that. He thought he was so funny...He wondered if Cas...Clarence ever truly understood the humor of the name.
“Yes, Dean, a kink club. I met people there who taught me a lot of things. Using a whip was among them.” Dean barked out a laugh.
“Cas…” Dean said his name with hopelessness.
“I don’t know, Dean. Does it really need fixing? I know that being what I am makes me less in human eyes. But, once, I looked upon all of you like that…No, it isn’t fair, or right, but my Father never guaranteed fairness. As you said, we’ll just have to ’make the best of it’” He replied, using air quotes, much to Dean’s amusement. THIS was the quirky angel that Dean was so fond of!
“This isn’t goodbye, Cas. We’ll be together again one day. I’ll…see you then. I love you.”
“TOREZODU, ESIASACAHE, NOCO DE A ORESA!!”
“Thanks, Doc.” said Sam. “But if you don’t mind, we need some time alone now. This is a lot to take in.” The doctor nodded, and handed Sam his card.
Sam had asked the floor nurse where the Chapel was. She gave him directions to a small room two floors down in the other wing. It was nothing fancy, just a few pews, a little stained glass and muted lighting. A simple wooden cross at the front. Sam took a seat in the back, careful not to disturb the few others praying there. He put down the kneeler, and slid off the wooden pew. Bowing his head, he spoke softly.
“Why is that funny? You don’t believe in angels?” She asked.
Deans expression softened, and he pulled Cas into a tight hug. Sam came around the table and joined the embrace. Tears welled in the eyes of all three men. Eventually, Dean drew back a bit, his hand still on the former angels shoulder. He squeezed.
“The fanfiction! Wow, that was a long time ago, but go ahead. Ask away!” Cas continued.
OK, where would YOU like to see it go from here? Ideas in the comments, please!!
“I’m pretty sure that they fingerprinted you when you came in with no ID. Why didn’t they ID you as your vessel, as Jimmy Novak?” Cas sighed.
“ He's an angel, Dean. Why don’t you just pray?” Dean smiled. Fine. He’d pray, and THIS time, praying was NOT going to be begging.
“Next up-Winchester and Novak, with a little Meatloaf for us.” The lady running the event called out. Grabbing the single red rose he’d bought on the way here, Dean took his boyfriend’s hand and led him up to the stage. Cas eyes were wide, his breathing shallow. Dean grabbed his chin with his hand.
Both Winchesters were tired, and very frustrated. Sam put his aching head in his hands. They’d been at this since sunrise, with no success. The sun had set over an hour ago. Sam’s voice was soft, almost defeated.
“You. He bonded his soul, his essence, to you. When I was inside my mothers womb, he would talk to me sometimes. He told me once of how he rescued the Righteous Man from Perdition. Of how that soul called to him from the depths of Hell.. He knew then that this was the only one he would ever truly love. Even if his love could never be openly returned.” Dean began to sob again.
“SAMMY!!!” He yelled. Sam came barreling in to the bathroom a moment later, eyes wide, gun in hand, breathing hard.
The warehouse fire is so intense that it takes the better part of a day to put out. The only human remains found inside are charred fragments of bone. Eventually, homeless drifters are blamed for the blast, and the case is closed. Not long after that, another comes to sift through the debris of the fire. He comes late at night, appearing as if from nowhere. He wears an ankle length grey coat, with buttons of brass. A keepsake from a forgotten era. He has dark hair, and peircing blue eyes which search the rubble for his prize. Under a fallen metal beam he finally finds what he came for, a tiny vial of blue liquid. A gift of immortality for his beloved. He stashes it in the pocket of his coat, and with a silent thank you to its previous owner, vanishes.
Sam tried to get Dean to allow him to watch over Cas in shifts, to let Dean get some sleep at the motel. Dean would leave when Sam came in to watch, only to show up (showered and fed, at least once in a while) two hours later. The only place he seemed able to really sleep was in the hard plastic chair at Cas’ bedside, with Cas’ hand in his. When Dean woke up, he’d spend hours talking to Cas. Asking him why, begging him to open his eyes. After a while, he’d just sit silently, holding Cas’ hand. On the morning of the second day, just after shift change, a doctor entered Cas’ room. Both Sam and Dean were there.
Cas got slowly out of the car, clearly nervous about being out in public even though he was now collared. He fell into place at Deans left as they approached the door. They got as far as the diner door when the man behind the counter called out.
Sam rushed into Deans room in the Bunker, yelling at the top of his lungs and startling the older hunter from the first really sound sleep he’d had in a very long time. Instinct kicked in, and Dean was pointing the gun from under his pillow at the “intruder”.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How long?” He asked into the darkness.
“Angels are born to obey, Dean. Now that humans are our masters we instinctively obey the rules they give us. My rules say  that I cannot touch my...Master without his command to do so.”
Cas:Then, yes.
“Goodbye, Cas. I’m sorry. That I couldn’t save you. That I didn’t ever tell you how much you meant to me. That I didn’t treat you as you deserved. As the brother you had become. I'll miss you, too. Farewell, Castiel.“
“I love you.” Softly. Gently. Reverently.
“Hello, Dean. Sam.” He said softly, his voice rough.
****************
“Intimate? Yes.” Dean shook his head. He’d never known, never even suspected. Not that it mattered. Sam was his brother, and he’d love him no matter what. He just wondered if he’d missed the signs. Living in close quarters for so long, shouldn’t there have been something? Dean brought his attention back to Sam, who was waiting for Deans reaction.
(See the end of the chapter for
“C’mon, Cas. Just breathe.” begged Dean. Sam prayed, silently.
“How can we fix this?” Dean asked.
“I need to examine him.” Jack said softly. Sam squatted down and gingerly put a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“What?” Dean asked, puzzled.
“ Do you understand how much that hurt, and not just physically? For an angel to be a slave, a lesser being, is bad enough." He tugged on the ring of his collar to emphasize his point.
“I…ran away. I abandoned you. I must have. I was so far away when I came to myself, and Lucifer had already fled. I didn’t even return to the battlefield or the Bunker to check on you, to see if you still lived. I am the coward who left you to die. And the things I did, afterward, from the guilt and despair- all the drugs, the… rest. I am broken, Sam. Contaminated. Unclean. I am so ashamed.”  He hid his face in his hands. Dean moved to sit beside him on the bed, wrapping an arm around his shoulders.
Dean knelt on the cold ground outside of the cabin, oblivious to everything but the body of the angel, Castiel. He reached down and smoothed the hair from Cas brow, fingers brushing the cooling skin. He focused his gaze on the now peaceful face, eyelids hiding blue eyes that would never again open. Focused on lips so still, that would never again pass breath, or sound. He would not look at Cas’ chest, at the wound that gaped there from his own blade, stabbed by a crazed archangel. He would not look at the ground to either side of the angel, where burned wing prints marred the grass. He couldn’t. To see it would make it real. Would make it permanent. He’d be gone, forever. The green eyed hunter looked up to the Heavens, pleading with his eyes, with his heart, with his very soul, because his voice was lost to him in this moment. He prayed, not caring if this time he was begging.
“Dammit, Cas. Not like this! I didn’t want this! I wanted…wanted…SON OF A BITCH!!“ Tears flowed from the elder Winchesters eyes. Sam looked at him, confused. Dean couldn’t speak, Couldn't find the words. When he finally found his voice again it was soft, subdued.
“All right. “Said the doctor. “But if this happens, I’m putting it in my notes that you’re doing this against medical advice.  And I’ll be sure that you get a full list of support services in your area. You don’t have to do this alone, you know.” Dean had returned to the chair, his head in his hands.
Cas is removed from the ventilator.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll do my best, Dean, and I know you will as well.” Cas reached out as he always did to put his hand reassuringly on Dean’s shoulder but stopped before he touched Dean. Dean took the angels hand, and placed it on his shoulder as he smiled softly.
The aftermath of the second branding, and a little hope.
“You’re not my slave, you understand that, don’t you? I only did this to keep you safe, to keep you with me...us.” Dean told him.
“I love you.” Cas grinned wide, then gave Dean a playful smirk.
------------------------------
Soon enough, the last of angel kind left Earth, and the final "new" human left the Bunker, well prepared to start her life among humanity. It was just the three of them, again, in the vast space. They sat at the War Room table one late fall evening, each involved in their own tasks. Dean was cleaning the firearms, a job he'd neglected while helping the angels. Cas sharpened the bladed weapons from Baby's trunk, and Sam was on the computer, looking for a hunt. It was time to get back to doing what they did best. Saving people. Hunting things. They worked in a comfortable, familiar silence. Suddenly, Sams eyebrows shot up and he gasped. He turned the computer so that Dean and Cas could see the news story on the screen.
"No." He signed. " I don't want it, any of it." Dean scowled at him. Sam sighed, knowing that his stubborn ass brother wouldn't let this go, and neither would Castiel. 'Here comes the argument', he thought.
You know...I love you."
“Throat.” he commanded. Castiel tilted his bowed head to the side, exposing his neck. Dean picked up the knife from the table and with a look of apology that the angel did not see, made a careful, shallow cut on the angel’s neck. A slow trickle of blood and grace flowed from the wound, which Dean quickly cleaned off with a small cloth square from the table.
The next four hours were spent searching the Bunker. Deans room. Cas’ room. Kitchen. Bathrooms…. with no sign of him. Finally, as Dean was searching the far reaches of a storage area, he came across what had been a well concealed hidden door, now slightly ajar. He opened it slowly, weapon in hand. Inside the otherwise empty room sat Cas, motionless and silent. His eyes were closed. Enochian runes ringed the floor around him, and covered the walls of the small space. Spell components lay scattered about. The air was still heavy with the scent of burning herbs. Dean lowered his weapon.
“Now for the punishment part. A Master generally carries two items at all times. The first is a Goad. Its like a cattle prod, and has different settings. It is used to deter or subdue an unruly or rebellious slave.” He touched a scar on his forearm, and shuddered with the memory it evoked. “It is rarely used on a well trained slave. The second is a Whip. This is for punishing a slave who breaks the rules. There are a set number of strokes for each infraction, but a Master may always add more. Aim is important, as a Master never wants to injure his slave to the point that he is unable to serve.”
“If I had no Grace, if it was cut out-” He looked at Dean ”- I’d be human. I’d be free. The cuffs would be rendered useless to hold me. You two could return home safely. Tell them I escaped. Without my Grace, it’ll be difficult for them to find me. I would follow, later, when and if I could. However, stripping my Grace from my vessel while wearing dampening cuffs may have some unforeseen side effects. It’s dangerous, but it’s the only way left for us, any of us, to possibly survive.” Sam’s voice became panicky once more. He backed away from the angel, out of his brothers hold.
“You never need to be afraid to touch me when it’s just us. It’s ok.” His voice was gentle.
“A club? You mean…a kink club?“ He asked
“Ok.” Dean bowed his head slightly closing his eyes. Sam followed suit. ”Castiel, we have some good news for once. Great news, actually. Could you zap your feathery butt down here for a second so that we can share?” Dean opened his eyes and waited. Long minutes passed. Nothing. Dean sighed. He gave Sam an 'I told you so' look.
In the clearings center stood a large cross made of dark wood, from a tree long extinct on Earth. It stood taller by far than the one that the Prophet Jeshua had been fastened to when Pilate had thought him a threat to Roman rule. At this cross, clad only in a white cotton sash around his waist, knelt an angel. He was fastened to the structure by his wings. Long cruel silver hooks at the ends of the horizontal beam pierced their tips, spreading them high and wide. Blood and grace leaked from the holes. The black wings were massive, each easily spanning the height of two tall men. The feathers were lustrous, shining even now, in his sorrow and pain. The angels’ hands and feet were shackled in thick metal cuffs, etched with Enochian runes, which bound his grace and his abilities- including his ability to heal himself. He bore many marks on his bare torso, and on his face, arms, and legs, where he had been beaten and cut. Blood flowed from many places on his battered body. His dark hair was matted with it.
“I see. During that time, he gained a soul. Part of it remained when his grace was restored. It seems that I’m not the only one of my kind on earth, after all. The mix of soul and grace made him technically a nephilim as well. But now the grace is gone, and the vessel was killed by its leaving. Only the soul remains. There’s something else... When his grace returned, his newly forged soul was bonded to that of another. The bond that had been established in his true form linked the two. The nephilim looked at Dean.
“Do I really have to give you THAT talk?” The doctor asked. Dean sneered at him.
“I understand, Dean. I almost have the counterspell ready. But I think we should do this away from the Bunker to avoid tripping any alarms the Men of Letters may have set. The last thing we need is them showing up and taking him. Once he’s freed, he should be able to regulate himself well enough to fool them into thinking he’s still bound” Dean grunted, and signaled Cas to follow him.
“My little brother bats for both teams. OK. Cool, I guess.“  Dean said softly. Sam blushed, again, relaxing. Dean had decided to have mercy on him, for now, and turned back to the subject at hand. He was sure that they would be having a long talk. Soon.
“You could have said brother. Made him Cas Smith…”Sam grinned. Dean just glared at his brother. He turned, took a deep breath, and slid open the glass door of the ICU bay.
“Yes, you can. Don’t look at them. Focus on me, like you do every other time we sing this. Ok?” Taking a couple of deep breaths to steady himself, Cas nodded. He could do this. Just him and Dean. No one else mattered.  Dean handed Cas a mic and took his place behind his blue eyed angel, facing the small monitor to the side of the stage. His head peeked over the smaller man’s shoulder. Dean put a reassuring hand on Cas hip, holding the rose there for all to see, and gave a small squeeze. He gave the lady at the machine the signal to begin. The lights dimmed.
“He gave up his angelic half, his grace, Dean. With our bond as a gateway, he used it to save me.” Cas turned to Jack “I don’t understand...the visions. All the great things you were going to do for humanity with your power…”
“His lips don’t-” Dean hissed, eyes wide.
Sorry it took so long! Finally you have an end to this tale!!. Tags will shift this chapter, so please read. Not beta'd, but I WILL come back and do that later on.
“Hospice? IF?” Dean choked out. He went completely still. Then his eyes narrowed. He surged from the seat, and the portly balding doctor suddenly found himself pinned against the wall, Deans hands on his collar. Sam made no move to restrain his brother.
The coals in the brazier were white hot, and the iron in them glowed brightly. Dean had designed the brand himself, and had it custom made. It was his initials, DW, flanked by a pair of wings. Sam had rolled his eyes when he saw it.
“I had a submissive, Dean. There’s a difference. A slave is owned. Property. A submissive kneels because he wants to. I had a submissive. He and I scened together once or twice a week for almost a year, before I met Jess.
“Brother, mercy, please. Kill me, if you must, but let me die whole.” Marachiel looked at him with icy eyes.
“Listen here, you arrogant prick. He’s not just some addict. Not to me. Not to us. He’s family. And WHEN Cas wakes up and recovers, he is coming home with us. After all he’s been through, we are not leaving him with strangers. Sam and I will care for him until…until…” Tears flowed from Deans green eyes, and his shoulders slumped. He let go of the doctors’ coat. The doctor looked at Sam, hoping He’d be more sensible. Caring for a dying immune compromised patient was really hard on the family.
“Deans right. Cas is family. He comes home with us.” Sams face was stormy.
“But, due to the nature of your crimes, and to discourage other angels from going down the same path, before you are executed, you will be made an example of. You will be shorn of your wings, which will be hung above the door of your former garrison as a warning to others who may think to rebel.” Shocked gasps came from many of the watching angels. Castiel began to panic, his breath coming fast and hard. Pain from his pinned wings shot through him as he struggled. His wings. He could deal with death, with oblivion, but to loose his wings before his Garrison and the Host first… the disgrace of it…. the pain and utter humiliation for all to see. Marachiel nodded, and a hand was on the chain of the manacles binding his hands, pulling Castiel forward. His wings were stretched taut, and the pain from the hooks flared, causing him to cry out. Looking up in to his captors eyes, he begged.
“It’s not a lucky name, but yeah, you can use it any time you like, sweetheart.” Claire rolled her eyes.
The Winchesters say goodbye to their angel. An Epilogue. Sorry it took so long.
“Up.” He gave a small tug on the leash, bringing the obedient slave to his feet. Looking at Sam, he gave a tired sigh. There was a second brand to be given, but that wasn’t required at this time, though some Masters did it at the time of collaring to assert their authority. To have everyone see their slave, a once mighty angel, scream. But Dean was tired. He’d take care of that once they were home.
He'd set up for the spell in an empty, remote room of the Bunker where he was unlikely to be disturbed, even though Sam and Dean were away on their first “vacation” in…forever. The room had been cleansed, smudged, and Enochian symbols painted on the floor and the walls to contain the raw power that this spell would call forth. He had cleansed and purified his vessel, and meditated to clear his mind. Carefully, precisely, he painted the necessary symbols on his bare flesh, a paint of rams blood, sulphur, and certain rare, aromatic herbs. These symbols had not been used since the beginning, to bind the Darkness away eons ago. Lucifer alone had bourn them. More herbs were burned in a brass chalice. On his right forearm he painted the Mark. He took his Blade, and cut across his palm. Grace seeped out with the blood. He drizzled both over the smoldering herbs. Cas took a deep breath, and began the call.
A few weeks after his latest great failure, he’d been hanging out with some “friends” he’d met at a homeless shelter in Detroit. (Irony, again, that HIS descent into “hell” should begin there, of all places) He’d been lonely, depressed, vulnerable. One of the men had offered to help him, to ‘take away his pain’. Naively, he’d accepted. Just this once, he thought. To feel better for a little while. One time was all it took, and he was lost. Now he sat in a ruined house, once again preparing to stick a needle into his arm. Chasing that next high, willing to do whatever it took to get it. Lying, stealing. Hell, he’d even traded himself in dirty alleyways or cheap motel rooms for cash, or for the drugs he needed so badly now. Anything was fair game. Anything was OK, to get that next high. Cas looked down at the myriad of track marks and bruises on both of his now too thin arms, wondering how he’d sunk so low. But this was no less than he deserved. He often considered suicide, but had decided that he didn’t even deserve to die. He deserved THIS. To live, as a coward. A betrayer. A failure. Useless.
At the beautiful spot they had picked, beside a lake with a fishing dock and trees all around, Cas’ well wrapped body was gently carried from the Impala by three of his own. He was laid reverently on the newly built pyre. Claire had showed up at the Bunker the night before. She’d spent the long hours of the night watching over the still form, alternately talking to her father and to Cas in low tones. The boys had just let her be.
“Cas! No. Please!” Dean begged.
“And the bad news?” asked Dean, knowing that talks like this were ALWAYS a double edged sword. The doctors smile faded and he sighed.
“I can’t. I’m...not allowed. I was taught that my place…” Sam, seeing Cas’ panic begin to rise, took the initiative, and brought several pillows from  the nearby couch. He set them on the floor, at Dean’s left.  Cas seated himself gracefully on the cushions, giving Sam a grateful look.
"I’ll get us some coffee….” Sam turned and left the ICU, hiding the tears in his eyes from his brother. Dean sat down in the hard chair at the bedside. He sighed heavily. Be here for him. I can do that, he thought. He cleared his throat.
Be here for you
“Cas, you have to believe me, I didn’t WANT it! I  wish there had  been another way. We spent every minute since we got home trying to FIND one that would fool the Brits. Tattoos, spells, hell, we even tried summoning Crowley  and Rowena for help. They never showed. So we had to do the deed before the Brits became suspicious and stepped in and took you.  I guess we failed. I failed...you. I’m so sorry.” Dean hung his head in shame. In that moment, realization dawned within the angel. Dean  truly cared about him. Dean wanted him there, wanted him safe, and was willing to make the hard choices to see that it happened. Cas was...family. He stepped up and gently, tentatively, cupped the hunters face in his hands.
“Unique. You carry an archangels grace, the soul of your humanity, and the love that transcends all-even death.” He said, looking at Dean. “You two are mankind’s hope, Castiel ben Elohim, Dean Winchester. ” Cas shook his head at the new title, his new place in the world, trying to take it all in.
“She? Siobhan?” Sam leaned back in his chair.
Yes, the Flying W is a real place. Unfortunately, it  was destroyed by a wildfire a few years back, but is being rebuilt and is scheduled to reopen in the summer of 2020!! The food is wonderful,
-G3B2'
TOREZODU, ESIASACAHE, NOCO DE A ORESA.
“I’m not helpless, Dean.” Dean smiled at him.
Dean drew a deep breath, and knocked on Cas door. When he got no response, he opened it slowly, peeking into the dimly lit space.
“Cool. Like a light saber.” He swung his prod around, doing his best Obi Wan impression. Sam ducked out of the way with a yell.
“If you don’t, If my skin is never marked, they will know something is amiss and may try to take me from you.” Cas pointed out.
"I wont change my mind. I'm a Winchester. Until the end." He signed, the ring on his left hand glinting in the low  light as he did. Matching rings gleamed on the hands of both hunters. Dean chuckled.
"Thats the nephilim?” Sam nodded. “I thought he’d be...smaller.” Sam shrugged
“Those are your things to accomplish, brother. They were never mine. I was always meant for a normal life.”
“It’s gone, Sammy. I don’t know how, but it’s gone.” He grinned at his brother. Sam relaxed somewhat, aiming the gun down at the bathroom floor and engaging the safety. Dean was ok. Now, why had he yelled for him? Sam was confused, and a bit pissed off at being woken up so suddenly.
“A slave’s punishment must be immediate, to correct misbehavior before it can be repeated.” He parroted the words that he had heard so many times during his re-programming.
“Yes, he.” Sam could barely hold his brothers gaze.
“Goodnight, Cas. Sleep well.”
“Today we punish one who has caused Heaven infinite sorrow. One who rebelled, and who was cast out. Even after he fell from our ranks, our Grace, he continued his defiance. His war against Heaven. His crimes against Man. The blood he has spilled flows as a river into the desert, as do the tears he caused to be shed by both angel and by man. But today, today all will be made right.”  He turned to speak to the prisoner, whose eyes remained downcast, looking at nothing.
“Of course, outside of those few rules, a Master is free to create his own behavior protocols. Any infraction of the rules must be swiftly punished, especially in public. Not to do so is seen as the mark of a lax owner.” Dean glared at the angel.
The usual non ownership stuff here...
Six Months Later:
In his research, Castiel had found that the Mark was more dangerous than they had thought. It turned out that the Mark served as lock and key, locking away a vast destructive force, the Darkness. The Darkness pre-dated God, and angel. God and his Angels had locked it away to stop it from obliterating all of His creations. The Mark had originally been entrusted to Lucifer, who had been corrupted by it and subsequently banished to Hell. Lucifer had somehow passed it to Cain, who had passed it to Dean. But ridding Dean of the Mark was not a simple matter of erasing it from his arm. The Mark must never be completely destroyed. If destroyed, the door would open, and the Darkness would once more roam free. All of Creation would perish. The Mark could be passed on, but only to one who was worthy, one who had taken many lives…a murderer.
It was a sunny Thursday, and Dean went to wake Cas. An outing to the mall was in order. Cas needed new sleepwear and a short venture out would do him good. He paused when he heard voices coming from behind Cas closed door. Who was with Cas? It wasn’t Sam. And one of the voices was…female. Both seemed vaguely familiar. Angels? Had the wardings failed? Not possible. So, who? Dean knocked.
“That’s Jack, Dean. I think...He won't hurt us. He's not his fathers son.” Sam replied. Jack’s eyes glowed momentarily.
“How can I help you?’ asked the cute blond at the information desk, winking at Dean.  Dean ignored her obvious attempt at flirtation.
“Sweetheart, you’ll be fine.” Dean put his hands on Cas slender hips. Damn he looked good tonight in those skinny jeans, shirt unbuttoned almost halfway… Damn it, Dean, focus!
“Again. Level three.” Sam adjusted his setting and again stabbed at the innocent citrus. It jumped further off the floor this time, and the mark on its skin was darker and larger. There was the scent of burned orange peel in the air.
“Here, its track three. But why the sudden interest in music? Or in fan fiction?”
“Dean. He knew.” Sam said. “I’m sure he knew, even if you couldn’t say it.” Jack cocked his head again, listening intently to something that the hunters couldn’t hear. The nephilim gestured to Dean.
“Whats up, Sammy?” He asked, though he already knew exactly what was on Sam’s mind.
The rest of the song goes easily, and is over too soon for Cas. At the end, the applause is deafening. Together they take a bow, and Dean gathers Cas into his arms.
In the room next door, Sam once more knelt in prayer at his bedside
I need to talk to you. It’s urgent. Come to the third storage room down the North hall.
“Agreed. We’ll head out tomorrow morning. I know just the place. Go get packed, Sammy.” He strode off to retrieve the groceries from the Impala, Cas in tow.
“Does that make me a Winchester, too?” Claire quipped. With a sigh, Dean wrapped an arm around her shoulders.
“Leash” Dean commanded. Cas again tilted his head, and Dean affixed the short leash he carried to the collars’ ring.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What??” Dean was stunned. Cas spoke softly.
The boys sat with Cas in the Bunkers dungeon. It seemed the most appropriate place for him to teach them the ins and outs of protocol for their new…slave. It'd been a few days since the second branding, and Dean had asked if Cas felt up to teaching them how to be “good” owners, before they went out in public together. Until then, one of them had been doing supply runs while the other kept Cas company. Dean thought that would be nice if they could all be out together, even if a lot of places weren’t very Angel friendly. A tall post, with ropes looped through the metal ring at its top, lurked on its wide wooden stand in one corner of the small space. Near it, on a low table, four items sat, for now ignored.
“Congratulations, jerk. Cas.” Cas smiled.
It had been six days since Cas had regained consciousness. On the evening of his awakening, they had moved him to a regular hospital room. He continued to improve as the days passed, and was finally allowed solid foods. His vitals stabilized. His kidney function, while it did not improve, got no worse. The same was true of his T-cell levels. His oxygen levels were good on room air, and his fever had vanished, thanks to heavy doses of antibiotics. Both Sam and Dean spent as much time with him during those days as the hospital staff would allow. They spent the time talking, playing cards, and watching terrible daytime TV. They even caught a Dr. Sexy marathon.
“I was wondering...did my character sing?” He asked.
"But what about-" Dean paused, clearing his throat and lowering his voice. "Hello, Dean." he intoned in his best Cas voice. "What about your powers?" Cas stood, his face stormy. Moving into Deans 'personal space', he signed rapidly, angrily.
“Dean, come here. Hold me, please.” He scooted over. Dean came over and laid beside him, oblivious to their audience, no longer caring what anyone else thought. He gathered the ex-angel to his chest. Sam sat on the bed and took Cas' hand. Cas looked up at Chuck.
Cas awoke tucked snugly under the covers of Dean’s bed. He groaned, and Sam looked up from the bedside chair where he’d been reading a book on Enochian runes and spellwork. He was seeking a way to break the hold that the cuffs had on the angel’s Grace so that Cas could help them on their hunts and heal them if they were hurt.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I brand what belongs to me. I give you my mark, Clarence. I make you mine, that none may take you from me without good cause.” He paused, remembering the handprint that Cas had marked him with when he pulled him out of Hell. It had vanished when Cas had healed him after Sam’s swan dive at Stull Cemetery. This would not fade, for as long as the angel remained bound. The irony of it the hunter could have done without. He turned his mind back to the task at hand.
How the once mighty have fallen...
“Can I …?” He whispered. Cas nodded, and moved in closer. When their lips met, it was gentle, chaste, yet everything they both had wanted for so long.
“Thank you, Sam.” Dean just continued to glare.
“It’s about damn time you two!” He said loudly, making them both jump. Dean glared at him.
“I don’t know that she’ll ever truly forgive me for taking her father from her. I understand, though. I just wish there was a way to make it up to her.”
"Cas, CAS" Dean points off in the distance, where he's spied a bit of road, and they stride toward it, hoping... There, sleek and black, on Heavens road, sits Baby. Yup. Definitely Heaven. His Baby is part of his Heaven every time he dies. And there, perched on her hood, face turned to the sky... Both Winchesters take off at a run.
“Today I take this angel, this beast, into my care. I will provide for his safety, his well being, and his training. He will be obedient and meek, pliant to my will. He will look to me in all things. His only wish shall be to please me.” He looked down at Cas.
"Cas..." Sam said softly. Cas closed his eyes.
“I hope so.” Cas groaned, and stretched out on the bed.
“I have to tell you something, Cas. It’s something that I should have said a long time ago.” Cas looked at him, eyes questioning.
“Ok Sammy, lets split up and search this place from top to bottom. Let’s find our wayward angel. He has to be HERE, somewhere. This is his home…our home. There’s nowhere else he WOULD be.”
“Cas… did something. A spell, or something. He’s the one who cured me of the Mark. But  I think…I think it cost him, big. Really big. Winchester big. And Winchester stupid.” He looked up at Sam, his eyes still wet with tears. ”Be ready to go in five, Sam. We gotta get home. We gotta help him.”
“Dean, I know you don’t want this, but we need to get it done soon, before the Men of Letters make an unannounced visit.” He knew it!. He didn’t say a word, just glared at his younger sibling until he looked away. Sam sighed, his shoulders slumped.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I never-” He tried again to get up, to leave. Dean pulled him down and in closer to himself, smiling gently.
The line in the cafeteria was long, and it was a full forty minutes before they returned to the ICU floor, bags of food in hand. Sam had gotten a salad with light dressing, and Dean a sandwich and chips. As they exited the elevator, they saw a man in a Catholic priests’ collar emerge from Cas’ room. Exchanging a panicked glance, both dropped their bags of food and sprinted for Cas’ room, nearly knocking the strangely familiar priest over in their rush.
”So, tell me, what happened when you were…away this past month? They wouldn’t let me see you, even after I signed the papers taking you into my care. Said you had to be ‘re-educated’ before I could have you.” Cas closed his eyes, the memories coming fast and hard. Blood. Cold. Darkness. Searing heat. Pain. Shame. He shook his head.
You know our bond, and all the rest
'Winchesters,
To be Gods ammunition
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought I told you never to do that again.” Cas looked sheepish. He sat up, gingerly.
“Hey Siobhan, bet you didn’t expect to hear from us again. You remember Sam, right? And I bet you’ve already guessed who this handsome fellow next to me is.” He elbowed Cas who blushed and nodded shyly. Sam spoke up.
Cas found Sam in the library. It was the day after an easy hunt, and everyone had a good night’s rest. Dean was still asleep, but the younger Winchester had already been out for his morning run, had a healthy breakfast, and had settled in for some research time. He was working on his computer when Cas came in. He sat down in the chair across from Sam, clearing his throat. Sam looked up. Cas looked back at him, hesitant, and began. He spoke in a rush.
Dean eventually settled, but refused to leave Cas side. He became even more protective, practically growling at the nurses who came to check on him and turn him. He talked softly to Cas, telling him how sorry he was that it had taken them so long to find him. Sorry that he hadn’t been there for him. How, if Cas would just wake up-would get better, they could go home to the Bunker. Told him that he was going to take of him, always. He would never be alone again, not like that.
An unidentified homeless male was found late last night in an abandoned home in the 2100 block of Juniper Rd. Police had been called after neighbors noticed someone entering the condemned building. The male was unresponsive and was taken to a local hospital, where he is listed in critical condition. He has not regained consciousness. He had suffered a drug overdose. He had no license or other form of identification. Anyone with information about his identity is asked to contact the Pontiac Police Department.
“It doesn’t matter.” He said brusquely. “What matters is that you understand what your tools can do. Sam, put your Goad on setting two.” Sam handed Deans Goad back to him, and pushed the button on his to the requested level.
--------------------
Castiel had just returned from Heaven. There, in libraries that no human soul would ever see, he had found an answer. It had taken him weeks of looking, but he finally had it! He had found a cure, of sorts, for the Mark of Cain. Dean could finally be free of it! He’d had to hide his real reason for research from his brothers and sisters, and had pretended to be there to seek other things. What he actually sought had been forbidden to all. The oldest of Heavens lore was kept secret even from the Archangels. That’s why it had been locked away in the furthest recesses of the library, behind Grace proof doors. Thank Father that Dean Winchester had taught him how to pick locks the human way one snowy afternoon.The spell he needed had been written in his Fathers own hand, before he had chosen His Scribe. Castiel had modified it slightly as he copied it down, to suit his purposes, but it would work. He was sure of it. This spell, this Old Magick, was dangerous. It came at a price, as all great magick does. To see Dean free of the Mark was worth that price. Worth any price he could pay.
"Hello, Dean." Cas said, smiling. Dean returned the smile. Then he noticed the man sitting next to Cas. Another figure hovered by the now open door, but Dean paid that one no mind.
“For what? Marking your property?” Cas returned. He sat up and turned to face Dean in the doorway, his feelings of betrayal obvious in his eyes.
“Do you have anything else to say?” The atrocity, the unfairness of it washed over the former Garrison Commander. No angel should have to endure this. To be defiled so in front of the Host was beyond barbaric. Castiel found that he had no words left, and bowed his head in resignation.
“Besides, Dean, after all I’ve done to hurt mankind, and my own kind...after all I’ve done to hurt you and Sam, this is no less than I deserve. But I will do my best for you, and for Sam.” Sam cringed at the mention of his name. He wanted no part of ownership of another being. Period.
“And what’s with the pajama pants? You must be freezing,” Dean asked.
Nothing could have prepared him for what was behind the curtain surrounding the bed. The form in the bed was gaunt, frail. Tubes and wires seemed to surround him. There were beeps from multiple monitors, and the whoosh of the ventilator that breathed for him. But it was Cas. Alive. Dean stepped up to the bedside.
Six months later
They sheltered escaped and rescued angels in the Bunker, temporarily. They had an angelic contact who would heal the wounds of the rescued, and remove the binding slave cuffs once they were strong enough to endure the ritual. He would also act as an escort those willing to return to Heaven. This came with a promise of no Divine punishment for their previous defection, and the understanding that it was a one way trip. No angel would be allowed on Earth again for as long as mankind roamed its surface.
“I guess now we’re...even, huh?” He smiled. “I kinda miss the handprint, truthfully…For now, we work on getting those cuffs powered down. Sam came across something that we may be able to do the job, if we modify the spells wording. We can give you your mojo back.”
“Can I come in, Cas?” He called softly.
Two weeks passed, quietly, for the trio….and then...
“Mostly I was just warned that if you don’t toe the line or I don’t punish you for doing something wrong I might lose you.” Dean replied.
“Already packed. I had a feeling we’d be headed out today.” Sam put a hand on his brothers’ shoulder. “We found him Dean. Finally. ”
“Stay still.” Cas didn’t reply, but kept his eyes on the floor, his breathing steady as he tried to relax. He’d been through this before, at the beginning of his “training”, and knew very well how intense the pain was going to be. He flinched only slightly as Dean gripped with one hand just above the first brand, then brought the iron down on the angels skin just below the Men Of Letters mark. There was the sudden acrid smell of singed flesh.The ringing howl of pain and rage torn from the angel’s lips hurt the ears of both men. That howl would have deafened them if Cas’ Grace hadn’t been muted by the cuffs he wore. Despite the pain, Cas didn’t try to pull away. Dean held the iron firmly in place for the required five seconds before removing it. As he turned to set the iron back in the coals, Cas slumped, and Sam barely caught him before he hit the concrete floor. Dean hit the stop button on the camera and rushed to his side, panicked. Sam held the limp form in his arms.
Dean:(smirking playfully) I bet you to say that to all the boys.
“I think you have someone here I need to see. A John Doe in the ICU? Overdose? Brought in two days ago?”
Cas heard the pain in the green eyed mans’ voice. He reached up and touched the stubble covered cheek gently in a familiar gesture. Flinching, he suddenly remembered himself. Remembered who, and what he now was. He quickly dropped back to his knees, eyes downcast. A slave did not make eye contact. Did not touch unasked. Ever. To do so brought swift punishment. That is what he was now. A slave. Property. Nothing. His voice was quiet as he spoke to the man who would soon own him.
Dean had moved a mattress into the room just beyond the one Cas occupied. He spent all his time there, except for the occasional bathroom trip, or a foray to find more research materials. Sam brought him meals which he only picked at, and covered him up when he finally collapsed from exhaustion. The door to Cas’ space was always kept open. When Sam remarked on it, and on the fact that Dean now lived down here, Dean replied “Its cause I don’t want him to feel that he’s alone, Sammy. That’s the worst feeling in the world, to be totally alone…” As he had felt alone, so often, even when surrounded by family.
"Ugh. Gross." He muttered, as Cas took the lead. This would be an easy hunt. The signs pointed to a small coven of witches using this place as their base, gaining power by means of animal sacrifice. Six dogs, pets of the locals, had been found buried in shallow graves so far. All were marked with runes cut ito their skin, and all were missing their hearts. So the plan was to storm in and surprise the witches. They'd use a few witch killing bullets, and tada! Milk run. The room was empty and silent as they entered. There was no sign of the witches, just dust covering everything in the room. Dean and Sam stopped in the doorway as Cas surged forward, toward lines painted in red on the floor. Dean was suddenly uneasy, his hunter instincts kicking in.
“QUACK!” He agreed loudly. From the other side of the door, where a moose paw was poised to knock…
The lights flickered and dimmed. A red glow surrounded the duo. Lucifers head remained bowed, hiding his knowing smile. Castiels, however, rose. For the first time since this ordeal began his eyes opened, looking at the Winchesters where they knelt. The vast blue was gone. Now there was only the blackness of the Pit. In a single graceful motion Castiel stretched and rose to his feet. He gave Lucifer a nod of thanks. Looking again at the brothers, he smirked. Lucifer put a hand on his shoulder.
A/N I may or may not do an epilogue of the funeral. We shall see.
*******************************
“You’re welcome, Cas. Good luck.” Sam grinned, going back to his research. He’d have to keep an eye on this!!
“Are you sure?” Cas nodded.
“I’ve made so many mistakes over time…and not just as a human.” He took a deep breath to continue, and turned to the older hunter. Anger and self-loathing filled his eyes. “Why exactly are you here, Dean? Why do you bother with someone who can’t seem to get anything right, as an angel or as a man. You both should just leave me here. Return to the Bunker, to hunting. Don’t saddle yourselves with a broken…being like me.” His eyes dropped once more.
The usual non ownership disclaimer....
More?
“I’m ready, Father. “Chuck nodded. He touched two fingertips to Cas' forehead. The blue eyes closed, and his breathing became shallow. Dean held him tighter, whispering in his ear the three words that he’d never had the courage to say aloud.
“Dude, you gotta stop watching those YouTube videos before bed. They,ll do weird things to your subconscious.” He moved over in the bed, pulled the covers back, and patted the spot next to him. “C’mon, so we can both get some sleep.” Cas looked hesitant.
“No way,” Dean said. “I draw the line at that.”
“Cas. Say something. Please.” Dean begged. Cas gaze dropped to his hands, where they lay in his lap. His expression was subdued. He could not meet Deans eyes.
"But to be marked in such a way, twice...it’s humiliating. What made it infinitely worse was that it was you and Sam doing it to me this time. I was overjoyed when I learned, after my training, that it was you who had spoken for me. I knew that you would never hurt me...“ He looked up, eyes flashing.
“Let’s get this over with” He turned and strode from the room, Cas rising and taking his place behind and to the left, as he had been taught. The guard followed behind, whistling a happy tune. Dean very much wanted to punch him in the nose.
All Angels who were Earth bound were now required to have a human Handler. A Master. Any Angel found without the collar of their owner was subject to immediate execution, for the “safety” of humans. Most angels had retreated to Heaven when the environment became hostile, when the British Men of Letters introduced magic that would immediately subdue any Angel, Archangel, or Nephilim on the Earthly plane. This was done to prevent any more human deaths at angelic hands. After the birth of Lucifer’s son, and his subsequent rampage with his freed father, it was deemed necessary.  But now both Lucifer and his offspring were dead, and most of the angels had fled. The ones that stayed were those who were not welcome in Heaven, and a few who stayed by choice, for reasons of their own. Most of these were quickly captured and collared, but a few free angels remained. Until very recently, Castiel had been one of these.
The usual non ownership stuff...
“Cas, I gotta ask you something.”
"Dean. What happened? Did we kill the witches?" Sam asks. Dean rolls his eyes, stands and walks over to where Sam sits. He squats down. His hands go to his brothers frame, checking for injuries out of instinct, even though he knows there are none. He pulls Sam to his feet.
Dean:Yes!
“Come in.” Cas sat on his…Deans bed.
“Chuck! Thank…You! Now you can heal Cas, make him well again.” Both Cas and his Father looked up at Dean with sad eyes. Chuck cleared his throat.
Dean: (Lowly) On a hot summer night, would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red rose?
“Relax, Cas. Its ok. I promise. I meant what I said last night. I want this. You. I want you.” He pulled the angel back in to the warm spot beside him, kissing him gently on the forehead. “Did you sleep well, sweetheart? Any more weird dreams?” Cas shook his head and smiled. Sweetheart. Dean had called him sweetheart. Maybe he DID want this as much as Cas.
“Ok I’ll call him, then.” Wrapping the towel tighter, Dean returned to his bed. He picked his phone up off the nightstand and dialed the angels number. Two rings, three rings. ”Pick up dammit!” The voicemail came on after five rings. It was a new message, not the confused, awkward one he’d set when Dean had first gotten him the phone.
“Ok, fine.If you can’t do it, I will." He rose and turned toward the dungeon to prepare the tools for Castiels second Branding, the one that marked him as Deans property. Collars could be removed, but as long as the angels’ Grace was bound, the brand would remain. Dean grabbed Sam’s arm as he went by. He knew damn well that it had to be done. That didn’t mean he had to like it. He huffed as he tossed down his sandwich and got up from the table. He grabbed his beer.
“He can’t come in here.” He yelled, pointing at the collared angel. Dean nearly lost it but Sam put his hand on Dean’s chest to stop him from jumping the counter and pummeling the man.
____________________________________________________
“Sammy, who’s that?” He asked, his voice shaky. He gave the being a wary glance, reaching for the gun tucked into his pants. Sam stopped him.
“Did..did you like it Dean?” Dean sat next to the angel on the bench, took his face in his calloused hunters hands, and gently kissed the dark haired man on the lips.
They entered the room to find Cas awake, sitting up in bed. A trio of nurses were checking his vitals and fussing over him. One of them jokingly called him “Lazarus”. He was pale, and tired, but smiling. He looked over as the boys barged into the room. Dean rushed to his side.
I decided to continue this, finally, and make it more than a one shot!! Just to let those know who read it earlier, Chapter 1 has been edited, so you may want to go back and re-read before continuing on. I'm not sure where this work is going, really...
“Dean I can’t.” Dean leaned in close, dropping his voice to a whisper. He looked into those blue eyes, deep as the oceans themselves. Blue stared back into forest green, finding calm in their gaze.
“Never said you were. I just…just let me, ok? Because I need to do this…” Cas nodded.
Dean:Yes. (Dean strokes the back of his hand along Cas’ cheek. His eyes close)
“Deans right, Cas. You’re family. You belong with us, in OUR home. Your home. Always.” He went to the other side of the bed, sat down, and wrapped an arm around Cas other shoulder, leaning in close. There were tears in the ex-angels’ ocean blue eyes.
“Why...me?” He asked. Jack shrugged.
Cas turned to Dean as he finished, a small hopeful smile on his lips.
“What’s gone?” Dean showed Sam the smooth expanse of his arm where the Mark had once lain.
“Hello, Sam.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I agree. You may also want to get in some practice with the implements of punishment. If I slip up, you need to know how to wield them.” He said, his face devoid of emotion.
“I’m fine. Even with my grace bound, I don’t feel the cold as much as a human would. But thank you for your concern. This is what all slaves in training are given to wear. They are easy to remove for...punishment.” Cas replied, cringing at the thought of what he had endured at the hands of the Men of Letters.
“ I slept well. No dreams.” Dean grinned down at his angel. Finally his. He kissed Cas again, softly, tenderly, this time on the lips. His eyes shone with love for the man beside him.
"Sammy! Sam, where are you? " Dean yells. A moan sounds about twenty feet from him, down a slight hill. Sam sits up, shaggy head visible above the top of the long grass.
Dean brands what's his.
In a remote clearing in the Garden in Heaven, a large group of angels had gathered. Neglected since Joshua’s disappearance, the  space had become wildly overgrown. However, this area would always remain clear, for this was the Place of Penance. Here wrongs between members of Heavens Host were made right, differences settled. Usually the offender simply knelt, apologized, and was forgiven. Sometimes some small act was performed, as well, or some small retribution given. But not today. On this day they were dealing with the worst violator of Heavens laws since Lucifer himself. Today was not about penance. It was not about forgiveness. It was about punishment. It was about justice.
“It’s about damn time.” Sam muttered from his place by Jack. Dean looked up at the interruption.
“Cas! I found Cas!!” He shoved the computer under Deans bleary eyes, ignoring the weapon in his hand. Dean blinked a couple of times to focus, and looked at what was on the screen. The page was that days’ edition of the Pontiac Times. Dean scanned the article as Sam went to get them both coffee. The gun lay abandoned on the bedside table.
“I haven’t got time to explain. Just do it.” Dean moved into place beside Cas, taking his hand. Stroking the angels long fingers. Squeezing his hand tight. Thinking of only him. Jack moved to sit across from Dean. Leaning over the angels body, he put his left hand on Castiel’s chest, and his right on Dean’s shoulder, where long ago there had been a handprint branded on skin. His eyes began to glow brightly. The glow spread, quickly surrounding him, moving along his limbs. It spread down his arms, and into both hunter and fallen angel. Enveloping both, the glow surged when it met itself in the joined hands of hunter and seraphim, flaring so brightly that Dean and Sam both closed their eyes. Deans grip on Cas never loosened. When the glow finally subsided, Dean opened his eyes to look at Jack, not taking his hand from Cas’. Jack’s eyes were now brown. He dropped his hands and moved back to stand beside Sam.
“For now, I’ll just take it one moment at a time.”
“I’m surprised that Claire didn’t show up at the hospital.”
What could be so important that Cas had to pull him into the depths of the bunker? He shrugged. If Cas had wanted privacy to talk, they could have just gone for a ride, but he’d play it like the quirky angel wanted it. He went down the north hall, counting three storage rooms. As he stepped through the barely open door into the dim room, he heard the faint sound of a piano, and a deep voice humming along. The tune was familiar. Dean stepped further in, and there was Cas at a piano! When had he learned to play? Then he realised where he’d heard the song before. It was from the Calliope case, the fanfiction musical!  Castiel’s song! But how? Cas began to sing, and all thought went from Deans head as he listened.
“Yeah, good idea. I don't wanna get smote by Angry Bird, there. Like I said a long time ago, don’t piss off the nerd angels.” Sam laughed.
Castiels shoulders bowed. He had tried. Father knows he had! He had always strived to do the the right thing. He had helped many, saved many, even if he had harmed a few in doing so. He'd always aimed for the greater good. He had saved ALL of them, more than once, given his life more than once to ensure the continued existence of mankind. Now he would pay the price of his love for his Fathers most wonderful creations. He now understood free will to be a length of rope, and he had gone and hung himself with it. He also understood the human adage about good intentions....Yet, given the same choices, he would have done few things differently. Marachiel continued to speak.
Eighteen hours later found them at an old, well warded cabin that had often served as a Hunters refuge. One that the Brits didn’t know existed, they hoped. They settled in quickly, heading right to bed. Tomorrow they would begin the quest to remove Cas cuffs and restore him to full power.
“Sam, since you have…experience in this, you can go first, and help your brother learn.” The next hour was spent with Sam teaching Dean how to aim with the whip, technique, and where to hit- and not hit- on a slave’s body for maximum effect. By the end of the session, Deans arms and shoulders were sore, but he felt confident that he could wield the weapon without causing permanent damage to his angel. Still. It was the last thing that he wanted to do. Ever.
“OK. Lets finish this, then. Brand me and make me yours, Masters.” He sneered, looking at both men. Sam flinched and looked away, ashamed. Dean’s eyes narrowed at the  angel’s harsh tone. Damn it! This was the last thing Dean wanted! Didn’t Cas understand why he was doing this? Didn’t he understand that there was no other choice here-no better option when the Men Of Letters were breathing down their necks? Eyes full of sadness, he looked at his friend.
“Stanford. I learned while I was at Stanford, ok?” His blush deepened.
Dean had hated picking out the collar. There had been many choices, in many styles and colors. Everything from a basic chain to a tight fitting torture device with spikes set inward. Collars that bound the wearer’s chin high. Ones that delivered an electric shock. In the end, he’d chosen a simple slim leather collar in green, with a single O ring in the front meant for a leash. Not that he’d use it after today. But it was classy without being overdone. It suited Cas. As much as any symbol of slavery could, anyways...
“You really don’t want to know” he said softly. One of the guards re-entered the room.
“A year. Wow.” Dean paused “Wait a minute, HE?”
"You are no longer my Brother, and I owe you nothing!” He spat. He picked up the sword from the altar, and tested the blade with his thumb. Wicked sharp, it made a cut, which healed over immediately. He moved to Castiels right, slightly behind him, and hefted the sword above his head. He paused, looking at the rebel.
“Yes. I’m not watching you die because of me.” He tilted his head back, baring his throat. “Just do it.” He closed his eyes. “Father, forgive me, one last time.” he prayed silently. Dean took a deep breath. With an apologetic look, he sliced across the exposed skin, just deep enough to release the angels Grace, which he collected in the vial. After putting pressure on the small wound, he stoppered the vial and tried to hand it to Cas, who shook his head. The former angel opened his mouth to explain...but no sound came out. He tried again. And again. Not even a whisper. He was mute. Well, now they knew. With his Grace and his Angelic Voice, his human one had been taken as well. It was a small price to pay, well worth it for his life and those of the Winchesters. Eyes wide, Dean and Sam both looked at him with pity and sadness at this new development. He didn’t want, or need their pity. He needed them to understand. To know he was okay with this, as long as they were safe.
“What?” Dean asked. He’d almost been asleep again.
“There was no priest…only…” He closed his mouth quickly, his face suddenly guarded.
“Dean! What’s wrong?” Sam looked panicked, having been abruptly drawn from a deep sleep.
"No. There were no witches. We died. Some sorta Men of Letters trap, probably. Welcome to Heaven, Sammy. Again." He looks around.
The Mark began to glow beneath the paint on Cas arm as it answered his call, coming to him. He felt dizzy, sick. He doubled over, clutching his arm as the pain there suddenly spiked. Energy swirled in dark ropes around the room as the Mark was being absorbed by Castiels being. His vision swam, and dimmed. He had damned himself, for eternity. Damned himself, for Dean. But Dean was safe now. Clean. Cured. As was Cain, and his own brother Lucifer in the cage in Hell. Only he bore this burden, now. No one else need be hurt by it, ever. He felt the cold touch of the Mark on his Grace.  The Curse was being absorbed by it, changing the essence of his Being. Corrupting it. Softly he whispered.
“Fiancée?” Sam whispered, now that they were finally alone.
“Apologies. I ….” Sam interrupted.
“Goodbye, Dean. Sam.”
“He...he didn’t make it. Your father, Lucifer, showed up to take you away, and Cas...Castiel died in the fight to seal him away from you.”  Jack growled at the mention of his sires name. His eyes went wide. His voice became a whisper.
“What the fuck, Dude?” Dean glared back at him.
“What? What did you do?” Before Jack could answer, there was a squeeze on his hand. The one attached to...
Sam walked back to his brother, and put a hand on his shoulder. They just stayed like that, silently, for a long time. For once, Sam had no words.
“And that is why you do not swing it around like a toy.” Said a soft voice from behind them. Cas had stepped to safety, knowing full well what would happen. Dean quickly switched his Goad off and set it back on the table, Sam following suit. Dean muttered an apology.
Reaching the center of the circle, he gave Sam a nod. He turned and faced Cas where he’d fallen to his knees. Putting a hand on the head of the angel, he spoke to the crowd in the words of the ritual.
“The bad news is that his kidneys are shot from the chronic drug use, and his immune system is almost non-existent. So he’s not eligible for a transplant.” He looked at Dean, sternly. “And if you two were…intimate, you need to get tested.”
“Hey Cas. We missed you. We were so worried…Its really good to see you.” He stepped up to the other side of the bed, and put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. Where muscle once bulged, Sam could feel the bone beneath the skin. He pulled his hand back and stepped away from the bed, shocked at the changes in the now obviously human Cas.
“Today I had to watch a good angel be punished because of the stupid rules. Watch, and do nothing about it.” He huffed out a breath. Sam waited patiently for an explanation. The older hunter sighed. “While we were shopping, a man attempted to kidnap a child from the store. An angel rescued the kid, and detained the kidnapper until the cops arrived. THEN, because the angel technically broke the behavior rules, HE was punished! More lashes than I wanted to count, right there in public! It scared Cas so bad that I practically had to carry him to the car. We were nearly home before he stopped shaking. I hate seeing him so...helpless.” He sighed and rubbed a hand over his eyes.”I sure as hell don’t ever want to punish him like that, especially not for doing what’s right! I don’t want him unable to defend himself, if someone else tries to.” Sam nodded in agreement.
“Kind of. I’m learning Cas protocols, instead of him learning mine. There are a lot of similarities.” Sam replied.
“I’m nearly done, Dean. Just a few more ingredients to gather together. What’s got your panties in a bunch all of a sudden, anyway?” he quipped. Dean turned and glared at his younger sibling again, his eyes narrowed. Sam’s smile vanished. Nope. Wrong answer. Dean growled, and flopped into the chair across from Sam.
Dean wakes first. He's laying in a field, similar to the one in Illinois. The one that he'd been buried in after the Hellhounds claimed his soul. The sun is warm on his face. He hears the wind in the grass around him, and birds singing in distance. He does an assesment of himself before he tries to move, but there is no pain. Anywhere. What? The last thing that he remembers is that they were investigating witches. They found the warehouse, went in, then... Oh. Crap. Dean sits up.
“A Seraphs' blade won’t work on me, Dean.” He said pointing at the blade which lay at his feet. “Nice try, though.”
“Sorry, Padre!” Dean yelled back at him without turning. Had something happened? Had Cas…? Had he been given Last Rites? Who called the priest, anyhow? And why hadn’t the nurses texted them immediately if he had…?
Soon enough, Sam entered with Cas walking before him. The angels eyes went wide at the sight of the fire, at the too familiar smell of the coals and hot iron. The sense of panic was short lived, though, and was quickly replaced with feelings of anger and with resignation. Sighing, he removed the loose shirt that the boys had given him and tossed it to the floor. Standing there bare chested, with the implements of his marking at hand, the wrongness of it all washed over him. That he, a mighty Angel of the Lord, should be made helpless. That one of God's soldiers should be branded like a common beast-twice-by the very creatures he was sworn to love and protect! His anger swelled, and he turned to face Dean. His sky blue eyes glowed slightly brighter with bound grace.
“Is that collar hurting?”He asked, turning to see the smaller man in the backseat.
Bad went to worse, or so it seemed, a few days later. Sam had fallen asleep sitting at one of the tables in the library. He was rudely awakened by a booming knock at the Bunker door. Grabbing his pistol from the back of his jeans, he hastily made his way up the stairs. Whoever it was continued to knock loudly. Who would know to knock? Who would know that there was even someone to answer? Kevin and Bobby were gone. Charlie would have called first. So, who…? Sam opened the door, and the figure standing on the other side had the air leaving his lungs in a rush. Lucifer.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I just wanted-” Dean cut him off, bringing him in for a tight hug.
Cas:(softly)Will he offer me his mouth?
“There. Now, let’s eat.” Sam said, returning to his place at the table.
“I’ve sung before, with the Heavenly Host. However, with a vessel, a human voice, it’s different. Much more difficult. When we sing praising our Father, the notes just...are. With a human voice, I have to think about it, and try to get the notes right. He put a hand on his vessels belly. “Jimmy was an alto in his church choir, and it helps. But I wanted to have some other examples besides religious music and ‘mullet rock’ he said using air quotes. Thanks Sam, I’ll return it when I’m done.” Sam returned to his computer.
“Yeah, she did. Siobhan was awesome!” it was Cas’ turn to be surprised.
Before him stood Marachiel, self appointed Angel of Justice. He held a short blade in his pale hand. To one side, on a small altar, sat a long sword. Clearing his throat, he prepared to address those gathered. His eyes shone coldly. At the front of the the gathering was  the angel Calvin, who had lured the rebel back to Heaven with lies and false hope. Behind him stood all the members of the prisoners former Garrison, frozen with fear. The rest of the Heavenly Host filled the available space.
“Flying W? How original." He had quipped. Then his eyes lit up. " We went there once on a case, remember?”
“I had a strange dream.” The powered down angel cocked his head. “Why would a duck walk up to a lemonade stand and ask for grapes?” Dean stared at him blankly for a moment, and then gave a low chuckle and shook his head.
“No, it's surprisingly comfortable. It was a good choice.” Cas replied sounding closer to normal. Dean cleared his throat as he started the car and pulled out of the driveway of the new Men Of Letters headquarters.
“I’m sorry Sam, I can’t do that.” Chuck said aloud. “Your time's not yet up. I still have work for you, and for your brother. ” Sam looked down, nodding. Tears were in his eyes. Cas spoke up.
_________________________________________
Cas' feelings about...everything.
“If we all got what we deserved, Cas none of us would exist,” Dean replied. “None of us are angels, not even the Angels.” Sam nodded in agreement.
I'll always be true.
Dean:On a hot summer night, would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red rose?(His voice low, almost a growl)
Dean:Yes!(Dean moves his hand from Cas hip, gently drawing the rose along his throat. Cas shudders.)
“Dammit Sammy, we need those cuffs off Cas like, yesterday. What’s the fucking holdup?” He paced back and forth across the room several times as Sam watched, his eyebrows raised. What had Dean in such a foul mood? They had just gone for groceries…? He looked to the angel, but Cas simply stared vacantly at his feet, apparently lost inside himself. Finding no answers there, Sam finally replied to Dean, hoping that humor was the key to diffusing his brothers wrath. He smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t quite hear that. Wanna repeat it?” He looked at Sam.
The trio now stood by the unlit pyre to say their goodbyes. Claire spoke first.
Forever, it seemed, he floated. It felt almost like flying. Or like having his wings and his Grace, again. This was new. The usual stuff didn’t do this, didn’t bring him to these heights. This WAS good! He groaned, laying back on the dirty wooden floor to enjoy the ride. But as he soared, he noticed it was getting hard to keep his eyes open. His vision began to grey around the edges. Everything became blurry, smeared. Like a bad watercolor painting. Suddenly he wasn’t floating or flying anymore. He was falling. Dropping fast. He was out of control. He tried to scream, but he couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t move, couldn’t think. He was drowning. Sinking. His world faded to black. His last coherent thought was “Dean, please forgive me.”
The usual non ownership stuff...
Lover: You’re never gonna believe what happened today!!! Call me ASAP!!
“I’m so sorry, Cas. I love you.” He reached out and touched the cheek of his beloved. Tears streamed from his eyes.
“So…you were…a Dom?” Sam looked up into Deans grinning face. He was surprised that his brother even knew the term, much less what it meant.
“I love you too, Dean. I have ever since I pulled you from the Pit.” Dean took the angels face in his hands, and leaned in.
Sam had reached out to Claire, letting her know what had happened and inviting her to the funeral. She said that even though her dad had been gone for a long time now, it was his body. Sort of.  She didn’t know if she could do that. Sam gave her the date of the funeral, and she promised to try to make it.
“Just imagine it’s just the two of us. No bar. No people. Just us.” They stood in a dimly lit bar on the city’s east side. Tonight was karaoke night, and they were about to sing together in public for the first time. Dean had sung here before, and Cas had come to watch and cheer him on, but this would be Cas' first time onstage. He was absolutely terrified of getting up there, and of possibly making a fool of himself. He was seriously regretting letting Dean sweet talk him in to this. An older, drunk man finished a very bad off-key rendition of Garth Brooks “Friends in Low Places”. There was a smattering of applause when he finally stopped singing.
After a long caffeine fueled drive made mostly above the speed limit Dean barely had Baby in park before he was jumping out, crashing through the door, and running down the stairs of the Bunkers front entrance.
“The Mark. It’s just…gone.” Sam looked puzzled.
“Yeah, I do. For the same reason that we are gonna FIX this.” Sam nodded in agreement.
“It looks like he developed quite a habit, after he left…” the nurse shook her head sadly. “Talk to him. Be there for him. Sometimes that helps more than anything we can do.” She squeezed Deans shoulder. “My name is May. Let me know if you boys need anything.” She walked off toward the nurses’ station, leaving the boys to themselves.
Siobhan opened the email from Sam Winchester.. She hadn’t heard from him in a very  long time. Since before she married Kristin, in fact. That had been over two years ago, just as they were both starting college classes. All the email contained was a video file. She opened it, and  clicked play. It was Dean Winchester, at the piano, with a dark haired man in a white button up shirt. WAIT! Could that be? The REAL Castiel, the basis for the character she’d played in the musical in high school! He really existed!! The men began to play, and to sing. Siobhan gasped! It was a rendition of her-Castiels'-song, rewritten. Now it was a love song, and beautifully done. It was very short, but by the time it was finished, her eyes brimmed with tears. Both men turned to face the camera, and Sam came to stand behind them. Dean began to speak.
“HEY! Careful with that!” Dean glared at his brother, but stopped swinging. There was a whimper from below them, and they both looked down to find Cas huddled at their feet, his arms over his head, face to the floor. Dean handed his prod to Sam, and knelt down, placing a gentle hand on Cas trembling back. Low keening noises came from the captive angel.
He had failed, over and over. Failed at being an angel. Failed Heaven and his Father. Failed humanity, which he was supposed to love and protect above all else. Every time he had tried to do the “right” thing, he made an abysmal mess of it. There had been vast suffering and death because of him-both in Heaven and on Earth. After every failure, his every death, he was returned to Earth as punishment. He always tried to atone, but only made things worse. This last time was no exception. In an effort to save Dean from the effects of the Mark of Cain, he’d helped Rowena and Crowley with the spell that cured it. The cure had worked, yes, but it also freed the Darkness. Many lives had been lost because of her. Because of him. Innocent human lives-including Charlies. Angelic lives-his brothers and sisters. And then, in an effort to help defeat the Darkness, he’d allowed Lucifer into his vessel and out of the Cage. Lucifer had fled his vessel when it looked as if Amara was going to win and had ripped out HIS Grace in the process, leaving him human, again. Thanks to him, the Morningstar walked free once more. Who knew what kind of destruction his fallen brother would cause if he was left unchecked.
“When they found him, he wasn't breathing and had no pulse. They brought him back, and they don't think he was down for more than a few minutes. He hasn’t regained consciousness yet. He's on a respirator, because he cant breathe on his own right now. He’s severely malnourished and dehydrated. He's running a low grade fever. He's had a CT of his brain, and we're monitoring for swelling. We’re doing a lot of other tests to determine what the drugs have done to him. And for other side effects from long term drug use.  Its probably a blessing that hes out. The withdrawals would be terrible for him right about now."
"Wait, where's Cas? Did he make it here, too?" Both men call for the former angel.
“Good job, buddy.” Dean breathed a sigh of relief. The monitors showed that Cas’ oxygen level was low on room air, so the nurses set him up with a nasal cannula and made sure he was as comfortable as they could make him before leaving him and the brothers in peace. Silence prevailed, except for the monitors. It was so much quieter now, with the ventilator off.
“Yeah, that touristy ranch that we ganked the cowboy ghosts at in Colorado.” Dean replied.
“No, Sam. I’ll do it. This is my responsibility.” He said curtly. ”Bring Cas to the dungeon in half an hour.” Dean strode off, heart heavy, to make everything ready. Sam grabbed the abandoned sandwich, and went to find the angel.
Many miles away, in a small cabin by a lake, Sam and Dean Winchester slept. For the first time in a long time, Dean slept peacefully. He woke early and well rested. After going to take a quick piss, he decided to shower and returned to the bedroom to grab a clean set of clothes from his bag. Sam slept on in the rooms other bed, snoring softly. Dean smiled at the sight of his “little” brothers peaceful face. He returned quietly to the bathroom. He’d have time for a nice long shower today. Sam wouldn’t be up for a while yet. Stripping down, he adjusted the water to his liking and stepped in. He felt really good this morning. Better than he had in...well, almost forever. He soaped up, bringing his hand down the smooth skin of his right forearm. Smooth. Wait a second… He rinsed off, and peered at the unmarred flesh of his arm. What the Hell? The Mark was gone! He shut the water off and quickly wrapped a towel around his waist, not bothering to dry off.  He stepped out of the shower.
“I Castiel, son of Elohim, call to myself the First Curse, given to Lucifer in order to preserve the world. I give of my blood, of my Grace as an offering and as a payment. I claim now as my own the Mark that is the Lock and the Key. I have proven myself worthy of this Mark, this curse, with the blood of others that I have spilled. OI AMEMA BOLAPE OZIEN CRP, PAID.”
"Cas, wait.-" is all he manages to get out as Cas crosses the lines, and a loud click sounds. The trap had been sprung. There is a roar, and then nothing.
***************************
"Hey, get this! The Men of Lettters have deactvated their angel tracking spells! They're saying its a waste of their time and energy, since all the angels on Earth have 'mysteriously vanished'. Also, all the angel laws worldwide have been pulled from the books as obsolete. We won guys. It took quite a while, but we won!" He grinned wide, his expression mirrored by both Dean and Cas.
Lucifer helps Cas, and himself.
“Shut up.” Dean shot back. “Only close relatives are allowed in the ICU. “
Clarence’s manacles were unchained at the exit but the cuffs were still on, and would remain so. When they got into the Impala, Dean turned to Cas, with concern in his eyes.
“Who was the priest in the room the day you woke up?” Cas looked puzzled.
“I...never meant for that to happen. He wasn’t supposed to…brother...” His gaze grew hard, and his eyes glowed brightly. Sam backed away. “Take me to him. Take me to Castiel.” He snapped. Seeing Sam’s frightened look, he softened his tone. “Please.” After finding some clothes, obviously bought for Cas, in one of the other bedrooms, the duo went outside. They quietly approached the place where the fallen angel lay, the hunter keeping watch over his still form.
But I'll be here, Dean
“Did you have a slave of your own, or is Cas here your first?” Sam shot his brother an angry look.
(See the end of the chapter for
and  the entertainment is tops!!
Sam and Dean POV chapter. This story mostly excludes the last episode of S11, and sets a slightly different stage for S12.
“What did you do? How? I mean, I’m grateful, but…” Cas put his hand on Dean’s arm.
“Let’s go home, Sammy.” He turned and walked out the door, Clarence behind and to his left, his moose of a brother bringing up the rear.
“Cas?” He whispered. There was no response. “CAS!!”  Only silence from the angel. Dean moved quickly toward him, only to be stopped at the edge of the rune circle by an unseen wall. He bounced off it, only barely staying upright. At that moment, Sam walked in and steadied his brother as he half fell toward the door.
Sam and Dean discover Cas' sacrifice, and work on finding a cure.
“He’s dying, Sammy. Cas is….” Dean sobbed.
“I’ll do my best to help you adjust. Apparently owners aren’t as well schooled as the owned.” He quipped.
“Remove your Grace? Are you kidding? How dangerous? What side effects? Could you...die?” he asked, wide eyed. Dean stood and put a hand on the angels shoulder. He shook his head.
“Sam, I have some questions about that musical interpretation of the Winchester Gospels that led to the Calliope case.” Sam looked up. His eyebrows went up and he grinned. He closed his computer. This was far more interesting!
“You know, I think Dean still has the tape they gave us as a gift. Wait here.” Sam went out to the garage, coming back just a few minutes later. He handed Cas a cassette tape in a well worn case.
“Huh? Wha? Found who?” Dean lowered the gun, realizing it was just his moose of a brother. No threat here.
Really put us to the test
“None needed. Gee, Cas, what did they do to you during that month?” Cas shuddered. His face suddenly became stony, and he glared at the hunters.
As Dean stopped before him, Cas dropped heavily to his knees, his eyes on the floor. Dean flinched at the reaction. This was an Angel, no, this was Cas, kneeling at his feet. Seeing him like this…tears came to Deans eyes, and he ducked his head to hide them from the watchers, and from the angel himself. He wanted to pull Cas up, to hug him tightly and tell him everything was going to be ok, that he was going to take care of him, but the guards’ eyes were on them. The only way to keep Cas safe was to play his role as the slave owner, as Cas was playing his own. It WAS only a role, wasn’t it?  Dean ignored the kneeling angel, and resumed his pacing.
“Stanford” he muttered.
The usual non ownership disclaimer stuff here...
The nurses fussed over him for a few more minutes but finally left to summon the neurologist to witness the ’miracle’ that had just occurred. The trio sat a while in silence, with Cas still unable to meet their gazes. Finally, Sam spoke up.
“I understand, Dean, that this is hard for you. I understand that you are angry with me, that you probably hate me, and I do not blame you. But thank you for agreeing to this.” He bowed lower, his head nearly touching the floor, resting on the triangle of his hands, the pose of obeisance he had been taught.
“Do I have to make it an order that you eat with us?” Dean asked. “I guess you are going to have to train me how to act in public.”  Cas shook his head and chuckled at that. Someone training the great Hunter, Dean Winchester.
When I raised you from Perdition
“Can it, Samwise.” Lucifer snapped. “I don’t want to hurt you, or Dean. I’m here for my brother Castiel. He removed my Mark, and in doing so, freed me from the Cage. I’m here to thank him.” Sam moved into the doorway to block Lucifers' way, only to be pushed aside by an unseen force and pinned to a nearby wall. Lucifer strolled in, undeterred by the angel warding that the Winchesters and Castiel had put up. He strode down the stairs and flung Dean aside when he tried to ambush him at the bottom with an angel blade.
------------------------------------
“I don’t know what to do, Dean. He’s really mad. He practically told me to fuck off. That's not like him. I think maybe that this...was the last straw with us.” The younger hunters eyes clearly showed his concern for their relationship with Cas, and the guilt over recent events.
“I’d gladly take your place, if…” Sam dropped his gaze.
“I don’t know. I found him in the nursery, Naked. We talked. When I told him that Cas was...He demanded to see him. So I found clothes for him and brought him out. I wasn’t about to argue with the most powerful being in creation, Dean.” The nephilim moved to hover over Cas still form. Dean bristled with the move, but didn't leave Sams side. Sam trusted this...thing, so Dean would too. For now. Jacks head tilted in the confused gesture that seemed to be an angelic trait. His voice was a whisper, but still his lips didn’t move.
Dean:Yes(In a whisper)
*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_
Dean discovers his cure, and its cost.
This chapter has been edited.
“OK Cas, cut the crap. I came to explain, and to apologise.” He snapped.
With Sam covering him from behind, Dean shoved the heavy door open. No one was there. Was it some kid doing it on a dare, maybe? He looked down, and saw a dark wooden box sitting on the step. It was more than twice the size of a shoebox, and Enochian runes were etched into its top and sides. There was a small envelope taped to the top. As Sam watched, Dean opened it, taking out the single sheet of parchment. In a bold script, was written a short message:
“I can’t stay, Dean. My time on earth is over. It’s time for me to return to my Fathers house. My soul will wait there for you and Sam.”
“Dean, when I visited Castiel in the hospital, I did heal him. Enough.”
Cas- or “Manny” as he was now known-sat alone in the candle lit living room of the abandoned house in Pontiac, Illinois. He laughed at the sweet irony of returning in his disgrace to the very city where his “noble” journey had begun!! He propped himself against the moldering drywall. This was as good a place as any to crash for the night. At least it was dry, and mostly sheltered from the wind. Maybe he’d even manage to sleep a little while. He shivered, his clothing inadequate for the autumn weather. His favored coat and suit had long since been replaced. The clothes he now wore-stolen from a laundromat lost and found- were ragged and dirty. They hung loosely on him. More loosely than they had when he’d acquired them. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d showered or shaved. Or eaten. It didn’t matter anyhow. Nothing mattered. Nothing but his next fix.
I had a request to continue this fic, so...here ya go!
A chat with a neurologist.
“Yes, we believe. In angels. In Ch…God. It’s a long story. “Dean smiled at her., and then looked to Cas. “Let’s just say that we have an abundance of faith.”
“Hello, Dean.” The hunter’s eyes again welled with tears., This time they were tears of pure joy. He gave the angel a mock scowl.
“Sam Winchester.” A smooth voice intoned, though the beings lips never moved. “Brother to Dean Winchester. Friend of the Seraphim Castiel.  A Hunter.” The nephilims eyes glowed at this last statement. Sam flinched. Oh, crap. This...being thought Sam was going to try to kill him because of what he did for a living. He had to make it clear that a fight with an archangels nephilim was not what he wanted right now! He dropped the angel blade he’d brought in, and held up his empty hands as a gesture of peace. The creatures eyes dimmed slightly.
On the morning of the seventh day, it was decided he was well enough to go home, since he obviously had a dedicated support system in place. Still pale and shaky, Cas sat on the bed, finally dressed in real clothes that Dean had bought for him the day before.
“Dean, Sam. I need you to know how much you mean to me. Thank you for…everything you’ve done for me. For being there for me, even after everthing I've done... I am truly grateful to have you as my family.”  Cas stood, and Sam stepped in and hugged him tight.
“What, they have a medieval weapons class there?” Sam sighed. Dean wouldn’t quit until he got the whole story.
“Balata.” Marachiel whispered, and closed his eyes. It was done.
Cas:Again, will he offer me his hunger?
-----------------
At last it was time. Dean stepped forward, and lit the kerosene soaked wood. As he stepped back to watch the flames consume the body, he spoke softly to Cas.
“With this.” Dean looked at him, hesitant.
“Cas, it might be better if you...” He looked down. Cas fell to his knees bowing his head in defeat. Dean sighed and hit the record button on the camera remote. He gripped the iron’s handle and pulled it from the coals. With an apologetic look that neither the camera nor the angel caught, he spoke the words of the rite.
