John shook his head. No, he wasn’t doing this. He wasn’t going to revert back to that ice king that John found when they first met. He was going to be Sherlock, the genius who felt everything all at once.
“You see, I could kill you two, easily. I could have shot you already, seeing as how I have two revolvers in my possession, I could leave you to the angels, but they would have given you a mercy killing, and let you die with your Johns. That’s not what I had in mind. So then, I thought that I might throw you off of a roof, but Sherlock’s decided that he would want to try it already, and if I had done it now, it would hardly seem original. But at the last moment, I come up with this. You two are to shoot each other. You both try to defeat me, but I already have each of you in my grasp, and I’ll only allow one of you to return to your John. The only way that you would escape is by killing the other, however.”
There was a clatter of something downstairs and both paused.  John gathered energy in his fingertips, just in case.  Silence.  Carefully, Sherlock began backing towards the other side of the room.  John hesitated.  He looked at Sherlock who locked eyes and nodded slightly.
“Evidence,” Sherlock cut in.  “But first, some questions for you.  Where did we first meet?”
“John.”  Nada.
Sherlock considered the amount of effort required to stop this happening and shrugged.  “Don’t tell him about the phone.”
John paused a moment before replying, to take in the full bizarreness of the question.  “Surprisingly, no.  No, I do not have a hairpin.  At all.  Even when not trapped in a basement.”
“Thought you might.”
John laughed and Sherlock’s insides practically glowed (both from the laugh and from the alcohol).  “Well it’s like a wise man once told me.  People do little else.”
Sherlock looked at him with a special ‘John don't be slow’ look.  He liked wearing it and used it often but this one held a very thin balance between ‘I believe you can do better’ and ‘how did I end up with this idiot?’
He had started wishing his day would go quicker, but not to get them over with as efficiently as possible, but because tonight might be a night Sherlock was around, to fascinate him with tales that were only just plausible, or Mrs Hudson would be pottering about with cleaning or cooking or card games (she was spectacularly good at Rum and awful at Poker).  Even coming home to an empty flat wasn’t terrible, its walls filled with promise that something could happen at any moment.
“What?” John huffed at Sherlock’s hands fiddling with the petri dish, wounded.
Two years.  But one day, at the beginning of third year, things changed.  Not dramatically.  Not even enough to be concerned about really.  And usually he wouldn’t be concerned.  If it was literally anyone else on the earth, it would be doubtful he would notice at all.   But this was John so Sherlock was on edge.
“Yeah, yeah, sure,” John said, fiddling unnecessarily with the door lock and practically falling into his room.  “See you,” he said as the door swung shut behind him.
Then, with a flash of inspiration, he left Sherlock propped against the doorway, grabbed the handcuffs and ties, and attached the kidnappers together and then to one of the chairs. It might not hold them for long but it would be enough to make a run for it.
“You always have my full attention,” John said seriously and Sherlock felt his chest tighten.  There was no other way to respond but to kiss him, softly and sweetly, trying to communicate what words suddenly felt inadequate for.  John seemed to understand, pulling him closer so they were pressed against each other.  Sherlock gasped slightly, gripping John’s hips tighter in surprise, and John took the opportunity to swipe his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth.  In retaliation, Sherlock reciprocated by allowing his hands to roam, eventually pushing his hands into the back pockets of John’s jeans to drag him closer.  This was not physically possible but like hell that would stop him from trying.
“Text me,” he ordered.  And then, against all his better judgement, he went to work, hopeful the fresh air would help his aching head.
It was Sherlock who broke the silence this time.  “You and John are close.”  It started as a statement but ended as a question.  Intriguing.  It wasn’t like Sherlock to sound uncertain.
She took an expressive sip of her tea.
“Only you?” John had teased and Sherlock had smiled at him.
“John?”
However, the City, like it’s former patron, was never idle and there was too much to take in.  His body was tired. His mind was weary. What he needed was a break, a pause in time to regroup and reconnect.
“I think you find it interesting which makes you
So, bearing that in mind, I want to say a huge, massive thank you to everyone that's read along, especially you guys who have commented (looking directly at you Purrfectlmt).  Without them as encouragement, it would have taken me waaaay longer to finish this (and considering how long it took me to write this in the first place, I don't think any of us would have been able to cope with that).  There's a question for you at the end about a possible epilogue which is the final thing I will ask of you.
The other thing that people liked to debate was what the hell they talked about or even if they talked at all.  Some had been known to walk past several times,
.  While waiting for a reply, he tried valiantly to stop blushing.  He didn’t mean it like that.  No really!
that med student (who happened to have a penchant for procrastination and doodling) was sat on a bench in first year sketching aimlessly, and the consulting detective (who happened to like to draw complicated, anatomically correct insects and vital organs) happened to walk by and accidently deduce said med student, and if the med student said something along the lines of “That was brilliant” rather than “fuck off”, then a friendship has been known to occur.
"You think you'd have a chance?"
he’d been in the taxi yesterday.
“Clues?” Sherlock raises his head in interest but finding a lack of immediate crimes, dropped his head back onto John’s shoulder, upset.
“You orchestrated this?”  He was happy his voice did not shake and that he didn’t outright threaten him there and then.
“What do you mean gone?” Sherlock spat.
“Yeah,” he said cautiously.  Sherlock tilted his head slightly, as if assessing for something.
“Nervous?”
“Apart from the demonstration they don’t fall, length, weight, colour markings, energy register.  Go test it in your lab but I’m willing to bet my wings that it isn’t mine.  It’s also not another angel, the colour makes that obvious.”
Soothed, Sherlock smiled.  “Yeah.  Nothing important.”  John was still frowning slightly, a small wrinkle in between his eyebrows and that was not allowed.  Sherlock placed his hands on John’s waist and leaned down to kiss him lightly.
The reason for secrecy was fairly simple: they didn’t want to deal with the pressure of people knowing yet.  As they had seen in several high profile cases, the demands of the press and sometimes even just family on a relationship could cause severe strain on a relationship which they didn’t want to inflict on their fledging romance.  Also, the press had regained interest in both their lives after the ups and downs of the Moriarty case, and the failure (read: betrayal and utter destruction) of John’s marriage.  So, they kept quiet.  No other people, no other pressures, no one asking questions or jokes.  Just the two of them in a wonderful little bubble.  Easy.
A half broken platform, some sparking wires, and a crater.
platonic.  No lustful staring.  No arse grabbing.  No kissing.  Nothing.
“- a map of the taxi routes yes.  Mr Faber’s is here,” Sherlock pointed to the alleyway they had just left, “at roughly 9.”
“Begin what?”
John looked up at him.  “Sherlock, you have to go back.  Your entire life’s up there.”
“Jake!” Oli shouted, looking horrified.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted down.  “I don’t believe in theorising without all the facts.”
“Do you know what I’m going to say?” John says and he even had the audacity to be grinning as if he hadn’t noticed Sherlock was going to shatter if John doesn’t resume his previous actions
“Sherlock, they could be anyone.  Where would you even start?”
“You two made up then?” he remarked casually.
He had several options.  One was to stop immediately and burn all the evidence.  To do this may arouse more suspicion however as it is not entirely normal one creates a bonfire in the middle of June.  Two was to carry on and hope Sherlock would never notice the person he was living with also happened to be the person in the photos using a careful disguise of the most ill-fitting clothes known to human kind and blind denial.  Three was to look Sherlock in the eye on simply tell him-
“What gave you that idea?” Sherlock demanded.
“You love it.”
“None of your business!” Molly said.
“Oh come on John,” Sherlock said, with a small smile on his face.  “You’re not a Guard.  Not really.  Not one of them at any rate.”
“How so?” he asked, with a tilt of his head.  He moved away from the searching gaze to unpack the toaster.
“221 Baker Street, tomorrow, 1:30.”
“Yeah?”
he may as well throw himself in the Thames and have done with it.
John doubted he would have found the door Sherlock was aiming for without help.  It blended into the wall perfectly.  Clearly Sherlock had not been kidding about messing with his brother’s spies.  He didn’t know whether to be proud or concerned.
"This has to go," John growled, slipping his hands to Sherlock's jeans, "and these too."  Sherlock was nodding and John helped him tear his clothes off before attacking his own.  John then pushed Sherlock backwards onto the bed.  He grumbled slightly at the fall but John quickly shut him up by straddling his waist and kissing him again.  Both moaned when their cocks brushed together, even with the material in the way.  John experimentally ground down and Sherlock's head slammed onto the mattress.  He did this over and over, pulling a string of curses and moans out of Sherlock in his deep raspy voice which was pure sex.  He mixed in light teasing brushes with deeper grinds and listened and watched the different reactions Sherlock made.
Sherlock stalked away from the window.  Paused in the kitchen doorway.  Whirled back.
Mike stopped, which in the lunch queue was a Very Bold move.  “Crossing. A. Line Watson.  Crossing A Line.”
But now he’d said it.
John answered a few quick questions about the whereabouts of their captors and a few basic medical questions before Lestrade hustled them into the back of his car.
John had left the book.
“Then the car drives around, you can see the route to us, before it cuts out here.”  He stabbed the spot viciously.  “The taxi rank at the station.”
What neither of them expected was John being engulfed in a hug.  Startled at his own actions, Sherlock made to draw back but then John drew him close.  “Sorry,” Sherlock said, “This is what people do though isn’t it?  To comfort people?”
chance that a Fallen would recognise me, and seeing me here would probably alert them to the fact their little club has been discovered.  The Faber-Fallen may have recognised me but wouldn’t have known I was searching for the symbols, just the body.  Here, I have no such cover,” he explained, answering what would have been John’s next question.
“The name Jacob ring any bells?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock felt like sighing at his naivety.  It would be admirable if it wasn’t so stupid.
“You keep going,” Sherlock said, and without further explanation he booked it right.  John, dutifully, kept forward.  The tracksuit honed into view and John put on a burst of speed.  A tiny voice in his head hoped that this was the right person otherwise things were about to go horrendously south.  The other, much larger part of his mind was focussed on one thing.
.  Life was so fucking dull and then you storm in with your stolen arm-”
Sherlock groaned before ending on a whine as John left teasing touches on his thighs, brushing past but never actually touching him.
This was what he wanted.  In fact, he’d explicitly sought it out.
“Shit,” Lestrade said.  He stared at Sherlock.  “We need to-”
“I was just-”
Sherlock had been in a sulking mood all morning, which John had anticipated, but it still didn’t make having to haul two suitcases inside any easier.  Luckily the porter ran up to help, which gave John time to glare at Sherlock, who was stood perfectly in the way, right in the middle of the foyer, scowling at his phone.
“Your boyfriend, Victor or whatever his name was.”
“You slept in again didn’t you?”
What followed was a 20 minute argument about who was responsible for whose relationships, both present and past until both conceded that perhaps maybe, just maybe, they were even.
“Well, as you said, everything will be fine?” he tried.
“Lestrade John is missing.”
He then decided it probably wasn’t great that it was his first thought over, say, actually working out what he was going to do when the thug found him.
But then Mycroft stepped in.
The Fallen looked startled.  “Really?”  So not as suave as he first appeared.
“Okay so first result is up.  As there’s a few to get through I’m going to put them on the other screen for you alright and keep processing?”
“Wait no hang on right-”
“Clearly,” he stated, eyes flickering back to the window.  “I assume you’ll be back tomorrow.” It wasn’t a question.
gently.
Some examples of Secrets Discovered By The House were:
“It wasn’t a request Sherlock.”
For the first time since returning to civilian life, John was desperately happy to see the doors to Barts, a healing and teaching facility which worked closely with the CGUs (Council Guard Units), if only to change the subject.  As they swung through the doors, John said “To backtrack, I’m not certain I’d count someone breaking into someone’s house and stealing their arm as a high-profile case. Weird, yes.  Criminal, definitely.  High-profile, questionable.”
John sighed and rolled his eyes good-naturedly as he sat in his chair.  “Shouldn’t then.”
“Oh definitely.  Don’t be offended though, everyone is.”  It occurred to Sherlock that telling someone not to be offended probably meant you said something very offensive and should apologise.  John was still laughing however.
“Not out here.  There however...” Sherlock pointed towards the opposite side of the tracks.  There was a smaller bar set up and next to it, a doorway that had STAFF ONLY stamped across it.  It was the latter which had clearly caught his attention.
“Yeah, alright.  You know anything about that?”
“It is when you’re me.”
John wanted to follow him, to ask him more questions, to see where he went, to know him.  He couldn’t do that though because he was still on work hours, and he had four taggers to deal with.  Reluctantly he grabbed his phone out of his pocket.
There was nothing to say so Molly just squeezed his hand and gave him a supportive smile.
“John if this is about Moriarty, I think stopping a psychopath from world domination is a fine excuse for killing him.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock wondered if it was possible for a blush to become permeant?  It seemed every time John spoke to him he couldn’t help the colour spreading across his skin.  “You don’t look bad yourself.”  This was an understatement.  Up close, the colour of his shirt highlighted John’s eyes and Sherlock couldn’t look away if he tried.
“No, it sounds amazing mate,” Mike encouraged and John felt very grateful he had sat down next to Mike on his first day.  “You have a model in mind?”  John may or may not have blushed, suddenly not so grateful.  “Oooh, now
Sherlock chuckled a dark laugh as he paced forward.  “No.”
“I missed you so much,” he manages to stammer out between his shaking.
John was backing a soft fabric number in black to hide food/ chemical/ fluids stains and would be very comfortable for both consulting detective’s and bloggers to lounge about on at the same time without one crushing the other.
“Ah, you’re here!” she squealed, immediately drawing him into a slightly awkward hug given their height difference.  “Loads of us are already here but I’ve invited some others so find a spot where you can.  And you must be John!  Hi, I’m Jasmine,” she said politely, holding a hand out.
He ignored it.
John, sat on the other side of the desk, tried not to sigh.  “As in I’m moving into the spare room to help him cover the rent.”
“Shit, are you okay?” he asked, as his vision swam.  Luckily Sherlock had noticed him tense before moving and had dodged out of the way to successfully avoid a head-injury.  His expression was neutral as he nodded.  The weight of the arm that had been wrapped around him had disappeared and they were no longer pressed up against one another.  John felt very cold suddenly and shrugged his jacket closer.
“Then we have no further business.”  John was startled by the voice, not for the crackling deep undertone that characterized Fallen’s speech, but by the sheer evidence of the voice itself.
“Could have switched the plates.”
“Excellent.  Great.  That’s...
would know, even if they didn’t want to).  She had guessed obviously, but neither was dignifying her little comments with a response.
She started to say something but bit her lip.  Nodded.  “Okay, so thinking positively, John could technically be on Earth.”
"Oh," was his eloquent response.  If he started running now he could probably be at the airport in an hour and be on his way to a new life in Mexico where he wouldn't have to worry about running into GC-
Lestrade made a beeline, holding his hands up when she brandished a scalpel at him without looking up.  “Molly!  We need you to run this for us.”
“Now!”
“Oh, you’re bad are you?  I can work with bad.”  In one movement, he was attacking Sherlock’s mouth, dragging in his tongue to suck on, while his hand moved to finally,
“You think there’s more of them here?”
Victor scowled at both of them for a minute but then launched himself out the taxi all the same, muttering angrilyas he went.  Sherlock gave the driver another address and then settled back in his seat.
“Sherlock, I was trying to read that,” he complained, though his voice betrayed his fond tone.  Sherlock took this as permission to remain where he was, snuggling further into John’s chest.
“Oh good,” Sherlock said nodding as they both started laughing.  John ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair as they settled and lay for a few moments more.
“I didn’t steal it,” Sherlock protested.
“This,” he said, shaking the bag with the feather, “isn’t mine.  Watch,” here he shook his wings out, causing the Guards behind him to jump out the way.  “They don’t just
People didn’t quite understand the friendship between John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.  Individually, they were a rugby-playing, jumper-wearing medical student and a campus consulting detective who happened to also be studying chemistry.  Their paths should never have crossed.  And yet, three lunchtimes a week at least, they could be found in the Quad, the same picnic bench every time, heads bent over sketchbooks.  The mystery of their friendship was something passersby liked to debate.
Bastard.
“Obviously.”  Sherlock said it as if he’d come to the conclusion weeks ago, which thinking about it, perhaps he had.
John tilted his head.  “Well I left it on the side to charge and now it’s not there so either you’ve hidden it or we’ve got a very inventive burglar on our hands.”
If you think we need two.  I hope I haven’t scared you off that easily.”  He stepped forward, unhurried, sure he had Sherlock’s full attention.  He released his hand from Sherlock’s grasp and ran them up his chest, pushing the heavy coat off in one go.  It hit the floor with a thud.  Sherlock shuddered, leaning in to the touch as John’s hands trailed up over his shoulders and stroked up his neck.
“Political upheaval, international espionage, and the threat of war are generally regarded as important to those not entirely absorbed themselves and predicaments of their own making.”  Sherlock did not bother to dignify that with an answer.  Mycroft carried on.  “I left six months ago, and all was well in the Above.  You can imagine my surprise that within this relatively short time frame, my brother not only managed to become embroiled in a high-level murder case with ties to the Fallen realm, a realm I don’t mind adding, he is forbidden from having
“At least I know I have the right house.  But I’m not here to shout at him.  I’m John, Sherlock’s boyfriend.  The visit’s a surprise.”
“I prefer traditional ballroom, but I suppose this will have to do.  Need to have a look round,” he explained and John nodded.  He had
to confess something).
It was then that his laptop beeped.  Both looked over, startled and as if they had been caught.  It was then that John remembered he was supposed to be writing his report.  In fairness there was something else distinctly on his mind.
John shook his head in disbelief.  They had been in the coffee shop on campus for about an hour now and John could feasibly see them sitting there for the rest of time with Sherlock regaling him with stories of all the crazy stuff he’d done.  Things had started off a little stilted; there wasn’t an easy way to start a conversation after you asked someone you didn’t know for a favour and then refused to explain yourself immediately.  But when John had asked what Sherlock wanted to do with his life and Sherlock had answered with “I want to be a detective.  Or a pirate,” the conversation had started flowing.  Apparently Sherlock helped out on police cases, whether they wished him to or not.  There were no current updates on the piracy but he was hopeful new avenues would open soon.
He took his coffee gingerly, expecting something to be in it.  He swung round to his table and-
A Fallen Angel not in Hell.
Luckily, businesses had not failed to notice this time-poor, energy dependent consumer base that was the Guard units, and so many places kept open into the early morning hours.  That being said, the employees were not exactly thrilled at this prospect, the barista’s face visibly pinching at the sight of him when he entered a deserted coffee shop a few minutes down the road.  Facing the boredom of no work was preferable to having to serve someone, especially someone who wanted to order 5 drinks.  John threw his change into the tip jar and promised himself he wouldn’t return here in order to not incur more wrath from the staff.  He checked his phone and looked out to the street, a few people still wandering by, the city never really stopping.  The building directly in front of him looked like an office block, glass sliding doors leading into a foyer, the only light a green Fire Exit sign.  However, reflected in the glass was another sign.  A sign John had been staring at for the past few hours.
“William, do take a seat” Mr Holmes’ voice was pleasant, as if they’d simply stopped by for lunch.
“Oh, that’s good of him.  What’s it about?” John replied in what he hoped was a neutral tone.  After all a case was always better than no case, never mind who it had come from.
Sherlock stumbled into the living room, looking as if someone had walloped him in the face with not only a frying pan, but the entire Teflon cooking range.
.  One moment a hand running under his shirt, another stroking up his side.  One seemed permanently lodged in his hair, guiding his head as John wanted and Sherlock surrendered (not that he’d put up any fight in the first place).  But then, both hands were running down his back and to his arse.  However, as well as groping slightly, John kept going to the top of his thighs and then lifted.  Sherlock, on instinct, wrapped his legs around John’s waist so only John and the wall were keeping him elevated.
.  A slight flush on his cheeks, hair ruffled into a perfect riot,
“Yes, I’m sure you’ve missed me a great deal.”  The sadist sounded like he was enjoying this.
Sherlock leaned in.  “They have a surprise for me?”
“Well I didn’t know him very well.  It used to be a much friendlier neighbourhood but that’s all changed now you see-“
Molly looked over from where she was clearing up and realised Sherlock hadn’t moved for several minutes.  Nothing moving, eyes locked on the screen, but a mind that was racing, a marathon completed in seven minutes flat.
Sherlock, for all that he was proud John was fighting, wished he would
“-The system went down just after Sherlock left.  No update on when it’s back online.”
“What is this, the sixth time?”  Molly also attended the Wednesday class as well as the Friday class.  Sherlock found this out when he thought he was being sly by going to the other class, only to be confronted by her high ponytail and knowing, beaming smile.  John had also looked happy to see him at the other class, which should not have been important, but which made Sherlock feel lighter for the rest of the day.  This fact was not in any way connected to the fact Sherlock stoically put up with Molly’s teasing and continued to go to both classes.  That was simply because Sherlock was an adult and would not engage in her childishness.
in heat.  Second was the stocky blonde Alpha shadowing Sherlock, calm apart from his fists clenched at his sides which gave away the tension he was feeling.
Sherlock simply hummed at him.
But everyone knows what the road to hell is paved with.
John threw a pen at him in retaliation.  “Rude.”
“The time he was killed,” John said.
He lifted the phone back up, without taking his eyes off the words.  “And get me Lestrade.”
“But which one?” Mallory asked.
“Ah so you, um, you enjoyed last night then?” Sherlock asked, stumbling over his words.  John couldn’t help but find him adorable.
John sighed heavily.  "Just in case you've forgotten in the 5 seconds since I last said it, he's not my lover boy.  You are not to refer to him as lover boy.  Ever."
The sight of dark wool filled his vision, exactly the shade of Sherlock’s coat.  This was, unsurprisingly, because it
The fourth time this happened, Mike just gazed at him over his glasses.
“For the last time, I’m not talking to the evidence room people for you, no matter how scary they are.  They already hate me enough because of everything Sherlock ‘borrows’ and forgets to return.”
We're getting there! And next chapter has the scene that compelled me to start this made project in the first place so hopefully should be written quicker (but then again who knows?)
Sherlock thudded his head against the door and huffed a sigh.
He couldn’t wait to tell John.
“You weren’t a fan of the heat either,” Sherlock muttered.
John had been called unobservant more times than he cared for but, despite this image, John was not actually an idiot.  He reached out to capture Sherlock’s left hand in his right, and pull him in closer, creating a safe cocoon away from the rest of the shop.
“I’m sorry but I must have forgotten my official Sherlock Holmes boyfriend ID card,” John said, pretending to rifle in his pockets.
feel them, couldn’t without wanting to bolt onto a plane straight home and lock the door, as if that made everything safe.
“Anything?” John asked anyway.
"Okay, me and John are just going to put these in the kitchen," Johnson said, holding up his carrier bag full of beer, before grabbing John's shoulder and forcibly steering him away from the conversation.
Dimitri huffed a laugh.  “Those idiots don’t know anything.”
“I am,” he said, setting his mug down.  “I barely know anything about you apart from you hang around crime scenes and sometimes steal body parts.  Not exactly a glowing CV.”
Sherlock’s blood ran cold.
“You didn’t have to do any of that shit.”
“You should be happy Greg.”  At his quizzical look, John grinned.  “We finally have a lead.”
“How kind of you.”
“The fuck you want?”
“Well you do, so there.”
“Stop staring.”
“I do hope your reunion goes well.”
She paused and looked between them.  “We met here.  You took a pair of feet and told me not to ring Security.”
“I am correct in thinking that if I point out I don’t think this is a good idea you won’t listen?”
“You’ve been talking to Mrs Hudson haven’t you?” he said, narrowing his eyes.
Unfortunately, although they were both willing, their sofa was not.  This led to amount of swearing, giggling, and calling through their locked front door that they were fine to an anxious landlady before continuing their activities to a satisfactory conclusion for all part way on the floor.
"You," John said.
He did not notice Sherlock smiling fondly at his back, experiment forgotten.
“Do you have proof?” Irene asked.
So, a final question: do you want a vaguely smutty (still within the Mature rating) epilogue chapter? Or should I bump the rating down to Teen and we can leave the boys as they are?  I'm really torn so all input would be greatly appreciated!
“Wouldn’t be as fun if I told you everything.”  He started pacing, slowly meandering around the desks with his hands shoved into his pockets.
and although his combat scores were good, his medical affinity was higher and he was placed on a front-line medical base, the natural limits on his powers weakened and his own strengths unleashed.  There was a certain high John rode throughout the war, even in the darkest times when the most heinous atrocities were committed, angels obliterated out of existence before his very eyes, because what he was doing was righteous, he was
!”  Sherlock was still watching the now retreating figure, who had yet to turn into the other road.
He wasn’t alright because despite his nagging, he hadn’t heard from John at all since he’d left the house.
However Sherlock had a solution that might help salvage the moment.
,” Victor added.
difficult to find stuff.  Well, when you find the right people to help you.”
Sherlock snapped.  “When you are both finished, would someone care to explain?”
“You don’t strike me as the type of guy who cares about polite.”
It had come to his attention when they had
“Your angry group,” Sherlock said, and John laughed.
Sherlock ignored him.  “Mrs Hudson?” Sherlock yelled as a small, older woman appeared out of a side-door.  And it was a woman, a human woman rather than an angel.  Dressed in lilac cardigan, white shirt, and long sensible skirt, but also a pair of boots that wouldn’t look amiss on a 19
“Excellent.  Now seriously, get off the phone and get going to the restaurant where there’s a cute fitness instructor waiting for you.”
Sherlock shuttered his expression.  Fury rose up in him, hot and sharp.
“You don’t tell people your birthday.”
John blinked, surprised his hunch had been correct and might have possibly solved both his questions in one go.  It couldn’t be that easy surely?  But it did fit.  “It’s a literal sign?”
“Because no one knew it was stolen at that point.  The “body” still hadn’t been found, and to everyone else, that might as well have been Faber driving the cab.  When he realised the police were onto him he must have driven to a crowded location and then disappeared.”
Sherlock felt like he was choking.  “No.  Not him.”  Moriarty had started to shake his head.  “Why?  It’s not fair.” He didn’t care he sounded petulant.
sorry?”
Sherlock was vaguely listening, aware he should probably know what was going on, but it was difficult as John had handed over Jack and was now glancing over at Sherlock, eyes flickering up and down for any sign of injury.  Sherlock was 90% he was blushing and suddenly wished he was wearing his normal suit as armour.  Was this what it was like when he was deducing people?  Why was he suddenly concerned about what his knees looked like in shorts?
For a moment, he couldn’t move forwards.  It wasn’t that he didn’t want to.  In fact, the evidence that had been uncovered showed it was imperative that he start moving immediately.  His feet, however, would not co-operate.  He physically could not propel himself down the street.  Instead he was locked in his own head.  There was too much to look for, the usual influx of data suddenly turned unreliable.  Things were much harder to dismiss as irrelevant when each could be a sign a Fallen was nearby, ready to attack him.  The effort of verifying each person rendered him immobile.
His phone buzzed and for a split-second John thought that Sherlock had somehow read his mind, despite Sherlock’s protests that it would be cheating and was also impossible.
"Could be dangerous," Sherlock warned but there was a small smile he was trying to fight.
John grinned before he ducked his head to Sherlock’s neck again, clearly not finished mapping the area with his tongue. When Sherlock began to writhe, he moved slowly downwards, kissing a line across Sherlock’s shoulders, licking at each nipple which elicited a groan from the man trapped beneath him. Sherlock’s hips jerked upwards and he gasped as his cock briefly brushed John’s, providing a moment of friction. As soon as it was gone, he was craving more, wanting the solid press of John against him. He whined as a strong hand came to press him back into the mattress.
Sherlock looked up and a ghost of a smile passed over his face.  He was clearly unsure how he had arrived at the outcome he wanted but it was nice that his plan worked out all the same.
“The peach,” Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes, and the moment they caught each other’s eye they both broke out giggling.
“Well this is an ongoing investigation.  What’s to stop me ringing the Guards now and having you hauled away for obstruction of justice?”
John was as reluctant to move as Sherlock, happy to just hold him for a moment, even at such an awkward angle. However one of the henchmen made a groaning noise and the need to get Sherlock out of there overrode John’s own desires.
“Listen just once then.  Just for me,” John pleaded.  “You’re better than languishing on the sofa.”
Sherlock was going to kill Angelo.  At least get him framed for murder properly this time.  Both of them sprung apart guiltily, and had either of them looked at the other, they would have noticed matching blushes on their cheeks.  Angelo scurried away, focussing his energy on another couple that had just walked in.  (Later he would text Mrs Hudson when he was hiding in the kitchen who would then spread the good news via group chat).
“Nothing is going on between me and Victor.  John, how could you even think-”
“Language,” John chastised and continued his ministrations by
It was then that John took back control of the kiss, his right hand cupping Sherlock's face, thumb running across Sherlock's cheek bone, the other hand playing with the curls on the nape of his neck.  Sherlock whimpered as the kiss turned slower and deeper, but still with the same intensity.  He practically melted in John's arms and John felt a surge of possessive warmth.
“’lo?”
John, on the other hand, chuckled and pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s hair and they remained quiet for a while before Sherlock remembered what he had come into the room for in the first place.
“Covering their tracks.  The highest clearances, the widest reaches.  They are as omnipresent as they are untouchable, highly suitable for someone to meddle where they don’t belong without repercussion,” Sherlock enunciated.
"You are being ridiculous.  If you like the man, text him.  If I have read the signs wrong, which is highly unlikely mind you, then you don't have to see him again.  But anything has to be better than you sulking up here alone."
Eloquently he replied “Errrrrr.”  Sherlock was much better at this.
“As I’ll ever be,” Sherlock replied.  He was stood at the edge of the white canvas, like he was afraid to step on it.
Well there was only one thing for it.
“I’m not asking for my brother’s help.”
“And how do Sherlock and I factor into all this?”
“Yeah.  That was awesome.”
He was going to yell something when the kids looked up and spotted him.  There was a slight pause as if they
John was stood in the doorway, watching him with amusement.  “You okay there my love?”  Sherlock tried not to melt at the pet name.  He was not the sort of person that liked pet names.
“Exactly.”
“When?” John asked, playing dumb and looking absorbed in his own work.
John hesitated but conceded as he saw the desperation in Sherlock’s plea.  “Tell me if they hurt okay?” He tone brook no argument.
“They made a deal with you?” John said.
When Sherlock had made his surprise revelation, he thought Lestrade was finally going to lose it.  Just straight up chaos which ended up with any or all of them in the hospital.  The angel was under a lot of stress after all and there was only so much he could be expected to take on.  Instead Lestrade’s face went through 19 distinct emotions from confusion all the way through to apoplectic, and then shuttered into neutral.
He sighed for what felt like the fortieth time that morning and went to go get dressed and make breakfast.  He pointedly did
“Okay, message received”  Lestrade said, putting his hands up and turning back to the scene.  A moment’s silence.  “But do you
Sherlock did not talk about his designation.
John reluctantly took Johnson's first piece of advice.  He was fairly sure it wasn't good to start a fight over your not-boyfriend-just-a-friend at your not-boyfriend-just-a-friend's house party.  So he went and he mingled and slowly came to the realisation that most people were Irene and a guy called Victor's friends and so were friends with Sherlock via proxy.  This should not of made him as happy as it did but what people didn't know couldn't hurt them.  He also took every opportunity he could get to surreptitiously check Sherlock out.  Judging by the leering look Bill gave him he was not doing too well at the surreptitious part.  The checking out part John felt he had covered to the point he could successfully draw every inch of curve from memory.
crept into the flat at some point today to steal our milk in order to set up this entire situation just so she could clean- Actually, thinking about it that does sound possible,” Sherlock scowled again, this time confused.
“Proves it’s the car we were in yesterday?” he tried.  Sherlock was not impressed by his efforts.
“So your minions set about taking over.  But you haven’t acted upon it yet.”  His mind sped through theories, the dark eyes locked on his mocking him with every discarded thought.  And then that it clicked.  “You’re trying to get to London Below.”
“Copy that.”
“Oh, yes, of course.  Come in,” he said, waving John into the room and trying to keep rambling to a minimum.  Gladstone trotted over for his required fussing and then retreated to the sofa.  John didn't sit down but stood in the middle of the room.  He had his arms folded but his expression was unreadable.  Not anger, although there was some defensiveness there, curiosity possibly, amusement, and something else. Something else.
“A little.”  John was going to leave it at that but Greg had his ‘’Oh my god actual details about John Watson’s Life’ face on which meant an 83 page itemised list of questions would be on his desk if he didn’t head this off.  “We trained together a bit, briefly.  He was sent back and put on home duty the last I’d heard of him.  Must have been two years ago now.”  John’s memory patched together an image of a short man, small glasses perched on his nose (an aesthetic choice apparently), excellent at diagnosis and action plans, but without the surgeon’s accuracy needed on the front.  His natural good-nature made him popular though, and his kindness meant he had picked up John as part of his straggler group before the fighting split them apart across a battlefield.
Sherlock took pity on him and added gently, “I’ll be fine John.  Go to work, I’ll text you when I’m done.”
He sat up quickly, scattering the debris that had landed on his body and hair.  Scanning the surroundings confirmed the expected.  The tunnel had caved in and had taken out one half of the platform with it.  The stairs were fractured as well.  The walls had splintering cracks running up them, glowing still.  All the windows were blown out and the daylight filtered through.
“Was that
“But-”
“Look, whatever he’s said or done, we’re real sorry but he’s not going to apologise so you’re wasting your time,” Irene drawled out the familiar speech.  They’d considered just getting a sign with it on to hang on the front door but Molly had insisted that people should at least get an apology from a real person.  It was surprising then that the boy simply laughed.
“I will only agree if you speak quieter.  My brain can’t handle your pitch right now.”
Sherlock unfurled and coughed.  “Inconclusive.  I’ll have to go back tonight.”
“Yeah that tends to be the definition,” the boy looked puzzled but seemed happy to go along for the time being.
The second moment had Sherlock turning to John to make a comment on the state of the flat since they’d been away (“Still not our housekeeper I see”), which was stopped by the look of ease in John’s eyes as he sat purposefully in his chair.  It had been so long since Sherlock seen that look on him, a look of perfect comfort.
And ended up staring at a beautiful pencil drawing of himself.  The curls alone must have taken hours.  The lopsided smile that was reserved for John.  The little crinkles next to his eyes.  Sherlock could just imagine that John had said something teasing.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, pulling back only a fraction.
“I don’t despise you with my entire being.”
“Project?”  Sherlock’s voice pulled John back from where he was glaring at Mike’s back.
What sort of name was that?  Who
It took everything Sherlock had to not whine “But I want him to.”
“Fine spoilsport.  John, lovely meeting you.
John tensed next to him at the mention of the Above and squeezed his nape once.  “I’m hoping that fact that your here means that’s sorted?”
“Not trying to imitate no.  This?  This is the original.”  He emphasised his words by taping on the engraved name plate affixed to the the door.  John read it with sinking horror.
“I know I’m right.”  And then he was gone, slipping around the corner.
“I know.”  It did not mean he had to like it.
John chuckled.  “You big softie,” he said, giving Sherlock a kiss on the cheek.
“Oh shut up,” Sherlock turned and John pretended he didn’t see him scrubbing away a tear as he flagged down a taxi, returning to his natural poise and coolness.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Look, you’re just going to have to tell Daniel that you haven’t found his arm.”  Sherlock clearly did not worry about appearing weird.  Or indeed the words “that’s illegal”.
And so, a week later, they found themselves pulling up outside the castle-turned-hotel venue. They’d arrived at noon, as the afternoon event didn’t really begin until 2pm. They had not yet realised their problem.
“I’d have managed to escape by that point anyway.  No use waiting for the Guards to find me, you’d be better just looking for me yourself.”
“Fancy letting me in?” Lestrade said, edging towards the phone.
He was so preoccupied that he didn’t realise that John had even introduced the class until everyone was moving to get a mat set out.  Luckily he and Molly had kept theirs from the first workout, as they had kept their well-fought for places, so he didn’t have to attempt to move.  He was fairly certain he would have embarrassed himself if he had tried.
to be sleeping with him?”
That is, until he went to get another drink.
when they could have spent more time together.  “Well that’s fine.  Of course.  Some other time?”
“Lestrade doesn’t trust you.”  Fuck.
“When will you learn to just look around you?” he was shouting when the chime sounded.  He was tempted to ignore it but his mind instantly jumped to the worst case scenario about something happening to Gladstone and so he took a quick glance at it.  Everyone took this as their cue to run for the hills.
Sherlock nodded.  “Of course.  I left Lestrade with all he needs for a satisfactory conclusion.”
“So brunch?” Victor said, louder than was really necessary.
It was at this precise moment that John’s brain finally came back online and he remembered everything about the previous several hours including but not limited to the fact that they were on a
The water was warm as he got in, unwilling to wait any longer, and it immediately flattened his hair to his scalp.  He placed his forearm on the wall, letting the water pound on his back and spread his legs as far as he could.  He began stroking in earnest now, in the safe bubble of running water, and allowed himself to slip back into his fantasy, to imagine John here with him, water riveting down his naked body, a playful smile on his lips.  He knew exactly what he was doing and knew exactly what Sherlock wanted.  In the dream it was John’s hand on him, kissing him wildly before slipping down, further and further, until he was on his knees in front of him, the ocean eyes glancing up at him wickedly, leaning in, his mouth over his cock and-
Lestrade laughed shortly.  “Unfortunately not.  I’ve contacted everyone we know, no one had seen him since you this morning.  But we’ll find him.”
“Yeah that’s about right.”
So, as you can see.  All Sherlock’s fault.
It wasn't meant to be a habit.  One walk, just to satisfy his curiosity, just so he knew who he was trusting.  But it was soon obvious one walk wasn’t going to be enough.  John was so much more interesting than he'd anticipated and he couldn't leave it at just
Luckily he did not have to resort to throwing himself on the ground and was sat in the same car as John for the ride to Scotland Yard, mainly because they were walking as if surgically attached, but also because Molly said that if she had to spend one minute more with them she would officially "lose it".  On the journey John insisted on checking up on him, making him follow his fingers with his eyes etc, and Sherlock half-heartedly rolled his eyes and played along.
It was quickly evident that although John had been knocked out too, much of the strength of the spell had focussed on Sherlock.  Whereas John found that, although physically bruised, coherent thought was quick to return, Sherlock was less lucky.
Sherlock heaved a dramatic sigh.  “What stupid pedestrian rules you make John.”
John put on a show of thinking and listing them on his fingers.  “Err so there was Greg because of the whole ‘not trusting you thing’, Mike who likes you but clearly thinks you’d make an awful flatmate, which I’m still on the fence about by the way, and...” Here John paused because he was certain there was another person.  “Oh yeah, there was this strange phone call telling me to stay away from you.  Shit, was that like a stalker or something?”  John realised that he should have probably mentioned this sooner, no matter how annoying he was.
He let Sherlock lead the way into one of the self-catered halls near campus and up to a door on the second floor.  A petite girl with stick-straight, vivid red hair, made even more bright by her pale complexion
A moment later another text came through.
This Monday however, things had shifted.  As he approached, John was already there, scowling over something in the back of his book, every few moments adding another stroke of his pencil before stopping and scowling again.  His scowl was adorable, Sherlock thought.  Objective fact.  He didn’t think about wanting to smooth the frown lines from his forehead, tease him about getting so worked up, kis- nope.  Not going there.  Having feelings for John was pointless ergo thinking about having feelings for John was pointless.  Instead he tried to guess what John was scowling
“Can’t hear you!” Sherlock’s voice yelled down the stairs, despite the fact this was blatantly untrue.  They marched up after him and John paused in the doorway to witness 6ft of Fallen trying valiantly to ignore the presence of a 5ft4 woman glaring at him. However, whatever silent conversation, or threat, Mrs Hudson was trying to convey was lost on the angel, and John interrupted.
“John, I speak from a place of friendship here when I say that if we had advancement in this case, I would leave you in a ditch in rural Romania without a guide or translator.”
“And bars down!  Good work team,” the infuriatingly peppy instructor beamed as she dropped her bar and skipped over to the speakers.  Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief as his arms and shoulders were released from their pressure.  He heard Molly’s chuckle next to him but chose to ignore it in favour of following the cool down with more attention than it warranted.
“John!”
.  His hands were shoved in his pockets and he was rocking back and forth slightly on his heels, totally confident, totally at ease.  It should have been odd to see John outside of his training gear but somehow it felt as natural as breathing and this is what stopped Sherlock in his tracks.  How could this feel so normal?  And how could he have been so panicked when seeing John was the only thing that made him feel truly steady?  Giddy, yes.  Tongue-tied, slightly.  But panicked, anxious?  Never.
His third mistake of taking the case was waiting for him at home.  Well, it was his home in fact.  He now had a reason to hate living in a first floor flat.  Stairs were the devil.
“Where are we?”
Sherlock didn’t reply straight away and so John turned back and said “Sherlock?” in the direction of the Fallen’s right ear.
John’s voice was calm and measured, a grounding presence.  He wandered around as he was counting down times, gently adjusting people’s postures.
Sherlock froze.
“No, should it?” Mr Holmes frowned slightly, a picture perfect look of mild curiosity.
"John, how do you know someone like...well like
Then something occurred to him that brought him face to face with his
John nodded, as if this had been his major concern before he caught up with Sherlock’s words.  “Landlady?”
.  That’s how I work.  It’s not some external Power bestowed to me.  It’s mine, I learnt it.”  The words flowed rapidly, pent up frustration flooding out, in the same even tone as before.
“Nope.”  Then Sherlock smiled.  It unnerved John.
“Yeah Sherlock?”
“What part of I have to be there while you investigate are you struggling to understand?”
“I’m fine, it’s nothing I haven’t had to deal with before.  Just wish they wouldn’t happen sometimes.”
“You look ridiculous," John said, looking pointedly at Sherlock's clothes with a raised eyebrow.
Molly pulled him out of there quite quick after that.  As he was too busy feeling like the worlds biggest idiot he missed John watching him leave.  Molly however didn’t and caught his eye with a raised eyebrow.  John blushed and looked away, busying himself with collecting his music and pretending that he just happened to be looking in that direction.
“Shhh, they’ll hear,” John said, nodding to the shield charm which was the only thing between them and the Guards in charge of the scene. It would be easier to stay angry with Sherlock if talking to him didn’t feel so natural, something he didn’t even need to think through.
“How many of those cases pertained to Fallens?  How many involved Fallens you know personally?”
“Well considering I've spent the last few weeks shamelessly flirting with you, then yes, I’d say I would love to go on a date with you.”
Ah.  John.
Sherlock blinked up at Lestrade.
No, he definitely didn’t notice any of that.  The fact that he switched the radio on was just a coincidence.  The inane chatter of the DJ and the comforting smell of tea and toast almost made him feel as if he was back in his old home, in his own, little kitchen that he really should have renovated but never got round to, with its window that overlooked the pile of grass he called a garden (
To say Sherlock was frustrated was an understatement.  John, on the surface, appeared to be fairing better, smiling politely, answering questions, and generally trying to stop Sherlock from glaring/ stabbing the person interrupting.
“The F.A.  It’s the end of the soul, the bits that are left.  It’s from the Latin, finem animae,” John said, remembering for a fleeting second the words in the Healer manual.  Strange what the mind keeps hold of.  “Obliterating a soul literally means obliterating it, flying it into fragments. Once that happens, they turn into a tar like substance as they basically cease to exist.  Someone must have noticed something?” John asked, turning to Lestrade.  Obliterations took a lot of energy and were exceedingly violent things.  It was impossible no one had been around to witness this.
When they eventually settled back down, Sherlock said, "Fine, we can go for coffee if that's what you really want."
He doesn’t notice John leaving or coming back and cleaning them both up, doesn’t realise until there’s a tug at the arm covering his face. He lets his arm be moved, too weak to do anything else.
John sighed and turned back to the suspect.  He was sitting weirdly.  Normally people sat in the chair in one of three ways:
Lestrade laughed. “But that’s why I need you to speak to them for me.  That way they might still regard me with regular disdain rather than actual loathing and they can hate you instead.”
“Don’t be silly.  It’s no bother.  What do you need?”
John giggled, and Sherlock couldn’t help himself.  He really couldn’t.  No one had the right to be that adorable when laughing, it just shouldn’t be allowed.  He gave in to impulse and leaned in to kiss him.  Briefly, sweetly, just to capture the laugh, to keep it safe.  Sherlock wasn’t going to lie, John tasted mainly of carbonara pasta at this point and so he did the only thing possible to get more data which was to kiss and lick away the pasta taste until he could taste John underneath.  When his mind caught up with what he was doing, how John might feel uncomfortable by them snogging in front of a bunch of strangers in a restaurant, he went to pull back only to find he was held in place by a hand cupping the back of his head and John was reciprocating, slowly swiping his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth with a bit more finesse than Sherlock had shown.  Sherlock wondered if it was possible to really melt into a puddle, his entire body going slack at the sensation apart from his heart which was clearly attempting to beat all the way out of his chest and into John’s.
“Oi, look at that! Those idiots are finally doing something about all that sexual tension we’ve had wade through for months.” Greg beams and Molly turns around toward the kitchen.
Stand up beside the fireplace
Sherlock sighs and rolls his eyes, “I don’t know why everyone is so keen to have a label for everything, but yes, I’ve found myself attracted to various people of different genders. I have a theory that everyone is
Around two o'clock, John returns from his walk and heads in to check on his patient. Sherlock appears to be doing better, but is now complaining of body aches. He hadn’t been sick since the early morning hours, however, and his temperature is normal.
“What did I say?” Rick laughs back.
“Oi! Julien! English, please,” Greg shouts with phoney annoyance.
from me!”
“I’m sure it’s very interesting, Greg, but we were just about to have dinner,” Sherlock gestures to the takeaway on the counter.
Step outside 'cause summertime’s in bloom
John tries to recall the name of the group, but he can’t. Is it meant to be an uplifting song? The lyrics are a little confusing.
They don’t speak any more while John packs up the kit, but just as John’s zipping up his case Sherlock asks, “Want to watch some bad Dutch telly?”
“Well, that’s sorted, then.” Greg states with finality, then swigging his whiskey.
“Yes, thankfully. I’m hoping there won’t be a repeat of that first night. He’s doing well. I’m proud of him.”
“Morning, John,” yawns Molly, turning the corner, then handing him a cup of tea.
A few minutes pass in quiet consideration, then Sherlock suddenly walks in. “We’re replacing Jim. That vile buffoon will never be around you again, Molly. Ricky’s talking to him now.”
John lies in his bed, rubbing his temples in the early afternoon sun on Thursday, a bit hungover from Greg and Molly’s visit the night before. The last few days have been tiring with him moving his meagre belongings into the flat and organizing his flight and job interview. The late-night with Greg and Molly, who have unsurprisingly decided to pursue a relationship, was just the straw that broke the camel’s back. He hasn’t yet told Sherlock of his definite plans to go to New Zealand, and John had been actively avoiding him up until the impromptu gathering last night. Not that there had been much of a chance to avoid Sherlock; he'd been out of the flat constantly since his recovery. John wonders if he’s avoiding him as well.
Sherlock laughs darkly, “We’re not talking about love, John.”
An hour or so later at a nearby club, Molly and Greg are dancing frenetically while John sits with Anderson, contemplating the amount of sweat Greg must be producing in his tight leather trousers. He chuckles and shakes his head, noticing the warm energy radiating up his neck and the way the light lingers a bit longer than usual.
“I’d love to see the Eiffel Tower. I'm all about historic landmarks,” says the diminutive guy with a little too much enthusiasm.
“John?”
“Outside talking to Anderson.”
Sherlock moans with the increased pressure, and John begins incorporating his thumbs and the heel of his hands to work the movement up Sherlock’s neck. His face is hovering over Sherlock’s head, and he doesn’t resist the urge to inhale, curious if Sherlock still smells of the herbal shampoo. There’s a faint whiff of lavender, but no tobacco, which is replaced by a sweet musky smell. John is suddenly self-conscious and pulls back to begin massaging Sherlock’s middle and lower back.
” Sherlock grins.
“Let’s not talk, yeah?” John whispers.
John muses to himself as he looks out the window of the tour bus. He’s never been to Paris, and he hopes he’ll get to see a bit of the city. They’re about an hour away from their destination, and a day away from the band’s first gig of the tour. It’s early morning as John looks out onto the pastoral landscape, tinged pink by the dawn sky. Everyone seems to be sleeping, save the driver and John himself.
“Whatever.” Sherlock shrugs, feigning indifference, but the smile on his face tells Greg that he’s enthusiastically game.
John leans forward and pauses for a moment before taking Sherlock’s head in his hands, kissing him tenderly, aware of the unfamiliar taste of his own semen on his tongue.
When John shuts his eyes, Sherlock stands and moves behind his chair, bringing his hands up to either side of John’s head. His fingers are spread wide, and he presses down lightly, moving his hands up with a shampooing-like motion.
“Just water, I promise! I’m bored.”
with Julien?”
Sherlock ponders for a moment before he speaks. “I have fans, but few friends. I love what I do, I love the music, the performance. But fame, fans… it’s all vapid. Unimportant.”
John leans in close to whisper into Sherlock’s ear, “I’m an army doctor, I could break every bone in your body while naming them.” Sherlock stops struggling and his shoulders deflate.
“Jim has left the country.”
Sherlock wakes up a few hours later, momentarily anxious that he’s overslept. He rolls over and looks at the clock - 4am. He lies back down and looks over to John, his face inches away.
Sherlock, I thought you were clean?” John replies, trying to keep his voice steady.
“John?”
“Ah, yeah, that’s nice. Very soft. I didn’t know hair could be that soft. It feels like...flower petals,” He laughs at his poetic observation, though he’s lost all the self-consciousness he was holding on to. He leans over, closes his eyes, and breathes in.
“I don’t mind.” Sherlock smiles softly.
“I’m full of surprises, John,” Sherlock meets his eyes then smirks, turning up his coat collar against the Spring chill.
“Oh my god, Sherlock! Are you ok?” Molly screams.
Sherlock quickens his pace and whispers into John’s ear, “Come for me, John.”
“Mate? We’re here.”
men, most recently Sally Donovan of the all-female punk group 3 Licks.)
“I don’t think so. And anyway, he was drugged? He’s not using, right?”
"All right," John responds.
“So you are, then? Bisexual, that is.” John licks his lips.
Sherlock grins and throws off his shirt. He extends his hand, “John?”
"Yes," Sherlock utters throatily.
“I tried heroin for the first time about a year ago, right after I met Sally. My entire life, I’ve never been able to quiet my mind. For the first time, I was free from that.”
Molly blushes and looks down at her feet. Sherlock turns to Greg with disdain, “Fuck off, Greg! You know how it is, anything to sell one of these idiotic magazines you seem to enjoy spending  money on.”
“I will if John does!” she giggles.
“It would appear so,” Sherlock says evenly “And to answer your previous question, I’ve been relaxing, playing the violin, working on some new music.”
The group is quite bleary as they wait for their tour manager, Ricky, to give them the keys to their rooms. John is frankly relieved that Mycroft has entrusted someone else with this role. His dealings with the smug toff over the last couple of weeks has been unpleasant, at best. Mycroft was always demanding his attention at the most inopportune times and in increasingly dramatic fashions. He’d been particularly surprised when he had shown up to his date with Sarah, the girl from the rehearsal. There they'd been, sat at
Sherlock huffs as he takes off his pants, “If
Sherlock jumps up to get a wet flannel, which he hands to John, then sits awkwardly, unsure whether to reclaim his position or to leave John to himself.
“Stop talking,” John says, a bit more forcefully than intended.
He pauses for a moment, then continues down the path.
As he presses deeply into the skin on either side of Sherlock’s spinal column, Sherlock groans. At that moment, John realises that if he had any question about whether he was actually turned on by Sherlock or if Amsterdam had been a drug-induced fluke, he now had his response. With the realization, he feels like a pilot light has been lit in his groin. He pulls back abruptly. Sherlock turns over slowly, and they look searchingly into each other's eyes searchingly for a few moments. The moment is broken when the front door swings open abruptly.
“Remember, only 20 minutes at a time! We don’t want to run the risk of dehydration. And we’ll need -” John is interrupted as he, Molly and Greg stand waiting for the jacuzzi to fill up.
John clears his throat, “I’m going to leave you another Ativan in case you wake up and can’t go back to sleep. I’ll be on the sofa if you need me.”
“What? Why?” John looks at his friend with a touch of alarm.
Sherlock, who is lying on the sofa, responds, “Oh, Mrs Hudson, you know, nothing like being drugged and having a gastric lavage to get you going. The withdrawal symptoms I’ve been looking forward to are beginning to set it," Sherlock says sarcastically as he tugs the cover up to his chin.
. Yes, why not?” replies Julien, smiling broadly.
John gets up and walks toward the door, flicking the light off before he exits.
Back at the hotel, John makes his rounds to check on everyone -
Take that look from off your face
” Sherlock says to the hip-looking barman.
, the opening band. The club is underground, almost cave-like and is small and smoky. John feels quite alone and is tempted to drink himself into feeling less out-of-place. He wonders if the barman speaks English.
John feels himself get teary.
Sherlock looks up at the ceiling for a few seconds, then lets out an exasperated sigh.
John looks up at Sherlock, noticing the blood-soaked napkin around his hand.
“Well, I’m not going to let you stay alone.”
Sherlock reaches out uncertainly and rests one hand on John’s neck, his thumb against his chin. When John closes his eyes and presses into his hand with a sigh, Sherlock is encouraged to lean forward and rest his forehead to John’s. He whispers, “I want to kiss you.”
"Mmmmm. Yeah, it’s quite nice.”
“Okay, well, I hope you understand. I need to get my life in order, get my head together. I know you think I crave excitement or danger or whatever, and maybe that’s the case - I don’t know. I need to figure things out, get to know my civilian self again.”
is not really my area. Addiction, however, that is right up my proverbial alley.”
Sherlock gets up quickly and John immediately misses the physical contact.
“John! Join me in the bar?” Greg shouts from down the hall as John’s turns his key.
“Yes, and Rosemary. Shampoo,” Sherlock leans in further, pressing his forehead to John’s and bringing his fingertips to the hair at the nape of the other man’s neck. They remain like this for what feels to John, like an eternity. Every sensation is amplified and he wonders why people are afraid to make this kind of contact with other humans in their normal lives. The warmth from Sherlock’s forehead is like a hot stone, dampened by the rain. His breath is a cool breeze
“Ok, take these,” he says, handing Sherlock the pills, which he swallows instantly without water. “You really shouldn’t do that if you’re experiencing any stomach issues! Water!”
Sherlock lets out a deep chuckle, “Oh! You’re about to find out.”
“I never saw the point in having friends before,” Sherlock looks up at him, “Thanks to you, now I do,” he smiles weakly and John looks up to meet his gaze.
“Well, looks like hers have definitely kicked in!” Greg snickers, “But true enough. It’s been great having you with us, John. As a doctor and as a friend.”
“Sarah, nice to see you.”
John smiles dumbly to himself, accepting the flattery. Sherlock sits up and takes off his shirt, before lying back down on his side away from John. John scoots in and brings his fingertips to the small of Sherlock’s too bony back and starts a slow up and down movement.
Watson emerged from the bathroom, tying his housecoat around himself as he walked into the room.
"Is this for his birthday?"
He was now talking to John.
“You were crazier the first time around, Moriarty.” Sherlock snarled.
“This is all horribly cliché, Moriarty.” Sherlock blurted out.
“What more is there to say? He loves me, and I love him. I’m just glad that everything turned out the way it did. We’ve spent so long just trying to admit our feelings for each other. I’ve spent all my time denying that we felt for each other in that way, or that we were even a couple, but now, it’s the other way around, funny how that works. Of course, I always thought that he couldn’t feel things that way, since he always proclaimed himself a sociopath, I made the mistake in believing it.”
Sherlock chuckled and shook his head. “No.”
"Show yourself at once!"
"Now, how about breakfast, Sherlock?" John cut in.
"Mycroft, Mycroft please! Kylie, Kylie stay here!"
Sherlock took a seat across from where Holmes was sitting. He was very intrigued now.
“Why don’t you open it and find out?”
The crowd made their coos and other noises that showed that their entertainment with their love. But now was the last and final part of the ceremony, the part that makes all of this worthwhile. They were going to put on the rings. Greg pulled them out of his pocket and handed them to the vicar, they didn’t have any children to be the ring bearer.
“To be honest, it would be unnecessary for me to even put so much thought into such a moronic concept. Secret Santa, it’s obvious that nobody would ever get what they wanted if they weren’t allowed to speak to the person they were going to be gifting.”
‘You know John, you could have handled that a better way.’ Spoke Harry who was making her way to the couch.
He opened it up and pulled out the piece of paper that was inside. He cleared his throat, he already knew that he was going to have trouble reading this to Sherlock.
The Doctor's mouth opened to say something again but then Sherlock let out another moan and his face was absolutely green. Without even saying anything, John pulled out the bin underneath of Sherlock's bed and moved out of the way so that Sherlock could vomit in it. John was now rubbing his back and whispering sweet nothings into his ear. The Doctor just watched him as he tried to comfort the ailing man. When Sherlock's vomiting ceased, he rolled back onto the bed, panting. John moved his hand from Sherlock's back to his cheek and grazed it with his knuckles.
They settled in under the covers, and John closed his eyes letting the warmth from his bedmate lull him to sleep. It would have been the fastest he’s ever fallen asleep until he heard Sherlock’s small voice whisper, “John?”
John needed her to quiet down.
John gave him a curt nod. He understood, he was going to have to go home anyway. He takes his time with this drink. After a few minutes passed, Greg set down his empty glass and let out a sigh. John sat up a bit to listen to whatever it was that he was going to say. Greg folded his hands and stared at John. His eyes were red and bloodshot from a long day at work. He rubbed at the stubble on his chin for a brief moment, he was getting his thoughts together. Finally, he set down his hand and started to speak.
Sherlock opened his mouth, only to close it again.
“Well, you know when you spend such a long time alone, you learn a few things.”
“Okay, let me explain first before you all start hitting me.”
John was lying in between Sherlock’s legs, with his head resting on his chest. Sherlock had his arms wrapped around John’s so that his hands were laying on his chest. John’s hands were rubbing Sherlock’s arms slowly, it was very ticklish.
“…I only call you a lover because I’m not sure if
John was left in the middle of the living room dumbfounded. He was going to be sharing a bed with Sherlock for who knows how long. The thought alone excited him.
‘Turn to your left and I believe your question will be answered.’ He said. I let out a breath and then did as I was instructed. There he was umbrella in hand, and mobile in the other. Once he noticed I was staring at him, he hung up and walked towards me. He gestured for me to sit but I didn’t. I was a bit miffed, Sherlock that he decided to show up now, when you were in hospital instead of stopping off at the flat like normal siblings would.
“You said something.” Sherlock was giving him the “you’re a git” look.
“It figures that I would get Sally, the perfect amount of irony.”
“What did she do, Sherlock?”
'I feel like this is a pathetic attempt at getting rid of me, John.' You breathed out. At least I discovered the reason for your stubbornness, and not wanting to go to hospital. You thought that I was getting rid of you to lessen my workload. Those thoughts came back to my head, that you were right and that I couldn't handle the task of taking care of you. That wasn't true, it never was, Sherlock.
As soon as we entered the flat, I led you to our bed and set you down softly, so gently that you probably didn't even know that you were on the bed. I slid your coat off and draped it over the crib, Kylie wasn't in it, she was downstairs with Mrs. Hudson and Molly. They heard us come in but they wanted to wait, to let you get your bearings together. I can't imagine how you felt, Sherlock, all the moving...all the moving...you just wanted to rest. You didn't have a choice then. Your shoes and socks came off next, I had to help you slide into your pajamas since there was no way you were going to be able to do it on your own, not with all the medication they gave you before we left. Just to be safe, they said. Your face was sullen and you didn't put up much of a fuss as I put your trousers on and then your shirt. You looked at me and your lip was quivering, you wanted to say something, you had something to say and I wanted you to say it. I wanted you to talk, I wanted you to insult me, to tell me that I forgot to fold your dress shirt, that I was too frantic, hell I even wanted you to tell me that you had to piss. I wanted to hear your voice so desperately, Sherlock. Anything, I wanted you to still be there, to still be Sherlock. 'Stay...' That was all your fragile voice said to me. Stay. Stay with you, keep you company, stay with you so that we could be like we used to, before Kylie, before anything. I long for the days where we laid in bed and told each other the most embarrassing thing we've ever experienced, or our guilty pleasures, or our favorite foods. I wanted us to be the happily married couple we hardly got to be, Sherlock and John Holmes-Watson. That's who we were. I was your caretaker then, yours and Kylie's. I still loved you, and you still loved me, but this was not how I wanted us to be, to end up. You were sick and we had a newborn baby who barely got to spend any time with her parents because I was off at work or taking care of you. I hope Kylie forgives us. I hope she knows that we love her.
Holmes awoke with a jump. As his senses were returning to him, he took in every detail he could to deduce his location. Who knows how long he was out? He tried moving but then realized that he was bound to a chair. His wrists were tied together with rope, as were his feet. He felt unharmed, minus the small headache he was getting. His vision became clearer, he looked around again to find another person seated next to him. That person was none other than Sherlock. He was passed out, with his head slumped down and body limp. That’s why they never came back, they got kidnapped just the same as Holmes and Watson did. But this wasn’t a coincidence; the people who captured them knew what they were doing. They were specifically targeting the four of them, but why?
It only got worse from there.”
‘I have a picture of her.’
Sherlock waited for a response. Rosie hiccupped and started playing with her blocks. Sherlock sighed.
Of course, the temptation grew so strong that I couldn’t fight it anymore. I was surprised; it took me a whole hour to actually do it. I felt so bad, Sherlock, but it was for your own good. It could have been drugs, it could have been something else, I was just worried for your health.
There was knocking on the door and so that cut our private time short. You gave me a soft smile and another kiss on the cheek as you stood up to answer the door. I never knew what went on in your head.
I realized that day, that everything irritated me. The flip of the newspaper page, the sound of the telly in the background, even the random noises heard outside. Everything was irksome to me. Kylie was blessedly quiet that day; I guess she found out that sleep is actually nice. Mrs. Hudson busied herself with cleaning every inch in her flat; I heard the sounds of her humming and the occasional dish being set in place, as well as her hoovering. You were abnormally quiet. I watched with careful eyes as you moped around the flat, you were dreading the day, Sherlock, and I know you were. We had to do it, we wanted you to be okay, remember? I wanted you to be healthy again so that we could live together for as long as time would allow us.
There it was again. John called him
Nobody stopped me when I headed towards your room. I don’t think they knew how to react to that. I closed the door behind me and peeked out through the window. They were all quiet now, and they were sat in the chairs that were in front of the room. You were sitting up in bed, watching me with careful eyes.
"Did you get to see his face?"
Sherlock yawned.
“I heard you.” John uttered lowly. He unbuckled his seatbelt and left the car. The driver drove off before John made it to the front door. John’s lip quivered from the sight of his door. A couple walked past him, they barely gave him a glance. John let out a sigh, people were going to think him a loon if he didn’t walk into the house. He whipped out his key and took slow steps over to the door. He tried to walk towards his room without looking to the right, but he couldn’t help himself. He expected Kylie to pop out of the room and pounce on his legs and give him the tightest hug she could muster. There’s nothing. Just her bed, covered in her various stuffed animals. The light is off, and the curtains are closed. His heart sank to his chest as he stared at the vacant room. She always hated it being so dark, he walked in to open the curtain but as soon as his feet were planted in the room, he couldn’t walk any further. There was a lump in his throat, he didn’t try to swallow it. He surveyed the room, all her books were neatly tucked inside the little shelf, her bed was made, and everything was as she left it. He couldn’t touch anything, he couldn’t.
Sherlock followed instructions for once and swallowed hard as he fought everything in his body that was screaming for him to close his eyes, for him to blink. But if it moves every time they blink, then maybe it wouldn’t hurt to listen, just this once. He couldn’t see what the others were doing, but out of the corner of his eye, he could see Holmes and Watson following directions but forming their own opinions on the matter. They might have been communicating without saying anything.
Sherlock’s emotion started to show on his face. He looked pained when he met John’s sad eyes and his lip was starting to quiver.
"What is it, Sherlock?"
"Well we have a big day tomorrow, we should probably get some rest. Or if that's not what you had in mind...."
If I can remember correctly, you weren’t speaking very much. Normally, that wouldn’t have bothered me because I know how you slipped into your mind palace for hours at a time, but this time, this time I needed you to talk to me, to know that you were alright. You never understood that it was okay to not be okay, no matter how many times I told you.
"No, John don't talk like that, you'll be fine...Lestrade will come and get you help and then we'll be back at Baker Street...."
“Takeaway?”
"I've not said anything yet, and you're already writing down nonsense."
"Right, just give me a few minutes and then I promise we can go back to Baker Street."
“I don’t know Sherlock, who knows what’s going on up there…” He had a light tone to his warning. Sherlock set his jaw, and clenched John’s hand.
"What's the matter? Turned into a statue too? We have to save Sherlock and Holmes; you don't understand how dangerous Moriarty is."
She nodded and held his hand as they left the flat.
We left the agency that day feeling particularly proud. I never let go of your hand, I remember the only time I released it was when you whisked away to take a shower. You didn’t want the company. That night, as we curled up in the bed, I had pleasant dreams of you, me, and our baby."
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
'Would you like to hold her?' I asked gently. This was still her baby, even if she was giving her to us.
"What are you talking about, Doctor?"
"Shut up John, I can't believe that you would forget my birthday, me, your own husband!"
"Right, I'll get started on your friend right now."
“Calm down John. I know this is hard, I’ve went through the same thing, as you pointed out, I can’t promise you anything, but I can try to get Kylie back for you.”
I entered the room and you were sitting up in bed. You looked healthier than most days, or maybe it was all in my head. You were bunching up the blanket on the bed. You didn’t even respond to my entrance. I stood in front of the door and waited for you to say something. The silence was deafening.
John walked into the kitchen and looked him in the eyes.
Sherlock looked down at the excited baby, she was squirming at the sight of the park across the street and he couldn’t help but smile. “I think Rosie would prefer the park.”
You were hesitant, but I heard the deep rumbling of your silky voice.
Ella's brow raises.
I nodded excitedly and watched with anticipation as she reached into her jacket pocket and fetched a photo. I grabbed it out of her grasp, I didn’t snatch. God she was so pretty, Sherlock. Our baby, Kylie, she was perfect. Sure she was only a gray blob on a picture, but she was still beautiful. I know I shouldn’t have gotten so attached to a baby I might not have, but Susanne liked us. She told us so.
“I suppose you are right. But what worries is the fact that they were advised to stay behind, possibly for good reason?”
“Shall I take you inside? Or will we spend the remainder of the night standing out here hugging, because I’m getting rather cold.”
"Sherlock! Sherlock! Sherlock stop this at once! Use your head, Do not let fear rule you!"
"The only time I would have to scold you is when you act out in the rude manner that you now possess! This wouldn't be an issue had you only watched where you were running!"
“I have no idea where John got THAT idea from. Children never even made its way into my head.”
“…Yes, Holmes, I should say that I am.”
"A go?" John asked.
“Simple really.  Your lanyard is in purple which is the Arts department colour, your hands have calluses on them from work but you’re not dressed for manual labour, this university has a limited alternative course selection, and most tellingly, you have your camera bag, which somewhat gives the game away.”
John’s eyes blinked opened and he murmured a bit, stretching out before collapsing back and rolling his head to smile lazily at Sherlock.  At the sight he frowned a little though and rolled over.
It looked wobbly enough and didn’t seem to have a lock on the outside so he decided to chance it.  One kick wouldn’t hurt and if it didn’t work they could carry on.
Sherlock looked
“It’s like a tornado in a printing press.”  Lestrade chuckled, and Sherlock smiled shyly, ducking his head slightly.  It made him look younger, more bashful.  Lestrade turned back to the window, not wanting to push Sherlock too far.
Dreaming of- oh.
It had been a week since the incident.
,” John swore.  Sherlock’s explanation had completely slipped his mind.  He must have been in agony.
Of course, that was before the phones started ringing.
about the human lifestyle, all about light bulbs and ovens and all the rest of it and all had to be learnt quickly so as not to arouse the suspicion of Sherlock’s mother or, more importantly, his brother.  It didn’t help that he’d also decided that he wanted to be a doctor which meant learning everything about human biology he could find (
he wrote back, his writing much the same.
"You knew that when you moved in with me.  I'm not nice, nice doesn't get you anywhere."
“Neither of those.  Eccentric yes but he can be sweet when he wants.”  Sherlock looked a little scandalised.  “There’s a second bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing two?”
“Don’t you think you should get dressed then?  Or is it a pyjama party and you forgot to tell me?”
know I had a new case?” he interrupted, scowling.  “Are you part of this conspiracy against me too?” he accused.  He heard Mrs Hudson scoff in the kitchen and glared at her.  This was all her fault anyway.
“You said you had a case, give me no details and then leave a voicemail with nothing but an address and time.  I’m starting to feel like I’m in one of the awful spy movies John insists on watching.”  Victor smiled but it didn’t reach his eyes.  Still worried then.
“People will talk,” he said against Sherlock’s lips, not willing to move an inch.
“Sherlock, it’s okay.  I was just talking to her about the party.”
"Army doctor.  5
Sherlock drained the last of the liquid in his tumbler and straihtened up.  “So, what now?” John asked.
and so having another person, or people, around was a good thing for both of them.  Didn’t mean he had to enjoy it though.
“Sherlock, you alright?” John said, arms rushing up to catch him as he fell.  Lestrade jumped over them into the room.  John couldn’t give less of a shit.  “Sherlock speak to me!”
He’d even hesitated to tell Molly where he was going.  Perhaps she was part of it, or whoever was posing as her anyway.  Sure, she had given him the information but that could be part of the plan.  The text message had to have been coordinated by someone and it had been so carefully timed.  Molly would not be a bad choice of victim either, in a position which gave her access to everyone flooding into the afterlife.  He chose to simply stand and say “I need to leave,” running out before any questions were asked.  Now he was here, at the end of his own bloody road, paralyzed.
John realised he should be more concerned with the fact that Sherlock could deduce him without even being in the same room but he was too busy being grateful that the decision being taken out of his hands.  He changed quickly, checked his freshly washed hair and overall appearance in the mirror.
“I’ll wait here,” John said, indicating his own drink.
together,
Shut up you.
“There you go,” he said.
“We’re still here aren’t we?”
Sherlock propped his feet up onto the chair, so his knees were bunched up against his chin.  John leaned forward slightly.  “Do you know there are roughly 77 abandoned tube stations in London?  In the Below most of them have been destroyed but in the Above, some have been kept and remodelled.  For example, there’s one that used to service the patrons of the British Museum.”
?” he asked incredulously.
“It wasn’t Mycroft,” Lestrade helpfully supplied, leaving only one solution.
John shook his head.  He didn’t want to believe Sherlock was right when he called him an idiot but sometimes he made himself wonder if there wasn’t a grain of truth in it.  Please let the coffee kick in soon.
“I have an alarm!” John protested.
“Shit,” was all John could reply.
Once again thank you so much for reading.
.  You know?  That you, you wouldn’t be de- dez- described!  Described by one word.  Especially not nice.
“Thanks Molly.”
Because even though they had managed to make it to the Promised Land he had underestimated how much input Sherlock would want into a new sofa.   He hadn’t even realised Sherlock would want to come and therefore hadn’t even planned for Sherlock having an opinion.
His hands twitched where he had them shoved in his pockets.  Suddenly he had a new set of questions.
“Don’t Greg.”
“Obviously.”  He tried to ignore the rolling of his stomach and the way his mind wanted him to yell “NO”.
“There’s only one.”
“Jake you’re not seriously going to keep up with this?”  Oli was looking at his friend as if he’d never seen him before.  Victor was remaining strangely silent but looked vaguely sick.  Jake remained silent, playing with the napkins on the table, shredding them up.
Sherlock’s coat.  Which meant that it was probably Sherlock he was sleeping on.  Which meant that it was probably Sherlock who was stroking his back as he slept.
“John you’ve been in all day, how can you not notice someone walking in and rearranging the flat?” Sherlock asked, exasperated.  (Once again Sherlock didn’t realise this was the exact emotion of every person who had ever tried to get
“It’s Damien and you have it right there!  I’m not going to lie just so you can experiment on someone’s arm.”
“-Yes, and Fallen’s are amongst the most law-abiding of citizens.  Oh wait, no they organised a rebellion that caused them to descend to the pits of the cosmos and then created a conflict so large society as we knew it in the afterlife had to be radically altered.  But yes, I’m sure they’ve learnt their lesson, that is clearly a bird feather in a random taxi by an abandoned house, the murderer will turn himself in eventually, and all of this has been a delightful misunderstanding.”
supposed to mean,” he said, turning to look at her.
There was a fleeting, brilliant moment about two weeks in, when Sherlock was searching for John.  Sherlock was always searching for John, because he was constantly having to interact with his brother, and this meant he required attention before Mycroft was set on fire for being an annoying git.  Luckily, John was in his room, sat reading some presumably boring document on his bed, and Sherlock threw himself dramatically next to him, curling up into John, head resting on his chest.
He was throwing on his coat as John caught up with his words.  “I’m sorry?”
“Right.  Now I think that’s enough emotions for one day,” John said and Sherlock relaxed.  So he hadn’t ruined everything then.  “Now where do we want your face to be?”
“In my defence, we don’t normally have actual body parts around.  This one turned up this morning.”
“That’s good.”
“S’not nice.”  On the one hand, it was concerning that Sherlock was so affected.  On the other hand, this was going to be perfect blackmail material later on.  Or maybe just something to tease him about when he was more lucid.
person who needed to complain about such things to bored looking staff.
“The Council.”
Well wrapping his head around that was something to preoccupy his time with.
“History John,” Sherlock said.  “The Council won the battle for the afterlife.  The Fallen have decided to take the fight to the living.”
He was confronted with a picture of himself.  Well, not quite himself.  His
“Shit.  My report,” John said, struggling to regulate his breathing.
“Is this a bad time?”  Sherlock shot up so fast he nearly collided with the dog who had also leapt up at the sound of an intruder/potential best friend.
“Oh no you don’t.  Not until you tell me.”
“So what next?” Lestrade interjected.  John leapt back guiltily.  During their conversation, he had gravitated into Sherlock’s personal space, leaning in towards his face.  There was a certain way Sherlock’s eyes sparkled with the possibility the case presented, his excitement infectious.  However, now Lestrade was glancing between them with a raised eyebrow and considering his earlier assumption, John stepped back.
“Alright, sarcasm isn’t needed.”
"Holmes!"
I think I might end the story in the next chapter. I'm sorry for those who have been following it, but I've lost my spark for this and I've already written up the first chapter to another fic that I'll be posting in a few days and I'm quite excited for you all to read it.
“I’m sorry? You said that I even have a Lestrade.”
And then all he saw was black.
That caught your attention.
“John has told you that bit, yes?”
Sherlock rolled over so that Rosie and he were now nose-to-nose so that John wouldn’t see just how much he made him blush. The baby’s breath smelled like the formula she drank an hour ago, and Sherlock pressed a tiny kiss to her button-nose.
You could scarcely believe it yourself.
"Good morning, sir, Masters Holmes and Watson are waiting for you upstairs."
“No, go ahead.”
Kylie came into the world at 1:17am on Friday night. We were dozing off when Lara came to tell us the good news. We couldn't believe at first, it seemed too good to be true. All of this, Susanne, the baby, us becoming parents. It was sort of unreal.
"Sherlock is more important, John, focus on him, I promise, I'll tell you tomorrow morning, that is, if you don't find out first."
‘When did you find out?’ I almost shouted at him.
“Because I now find myself in your company, my dear companion, you provide the necessary tranquility that my brain craves.”
"I'm not sure that I do, Sherlock. I'm not even sure if I'm awake, or what a TARDIS is."
“What are you saying, Sherlock?”
“Oh, lunch.”
Watson placed his hands on his hips.
Watson huffed.
"You should probably get that food to Sherlock; it's going to get cold."
“But enlighten me once more.”
I cocked my head, silently asking for an answer.
Sherlock smiled.
“I’m a Consulting Detective, the only one in the world. Why?”
He could have sworn he saw Sherlock sitting on his old armchair, smiling at the both of them.
“Is there something you would like to talk about, Watson?”
John gave a polite smile.
But that all seems like an eternity ago. John still has trouble believing that all of that really happened, he likes to think that Sherlock drugged him again and he missed the whole night before their wedding. But when Sherlock talks about it, John realizes that it was real.
"W-What do you mean? You can't just take her from me, Mycroft!" His voice was raising.
"I can see that you lot are busy, so if you don't mind, these two will come with me."
'I'm sorry you have to deal with this.' I whispered to her. I felt bad. It wasn't your fault, it was all of us.
Sherlock smiled and rose off his bed and sat with John on his. He wrapped his arms around John’s neck.
Then she talks about Angel Daddy again.
He started walking first and they followed soon after. London seemed more crowded than before, and they spent a good long while pushing past the large crowd and into a more secluded area.
“I think it’s time for that talk, Sherlock. He loves you, you love him. What harm could it do?”
"You're working on my birthday? I thought you didn't have work?"
"I have already signed them, and the court has already granted me the rights. As of right now, I am Kylie's guardian."
'I don't want her to see me get worse. I want her, I want all of them, to remember me as the person that I was when I met them.'
And that’s why I told myself that I’ll try and listen to Harry’s advice and talk to you. It was worth a try. It had to be.
“Little over an hour before you called.”
John was right.
“I haven’t gotten around to having that talk with John yet. I’m sure that John will decline the offer. He seems…comfortable where he is, with Rosie.”
"How so?"
All I could see was the side of your eye as you turned your head slightly.
‘…You weren’t quite the same after that day,’ Mycroft continued. ‘You stopped playing the yard, and you even stopped seeking me out for company.’
“Don’t be a stranger, I know you both aren’t one for keeping in touch, but it was nice to you see you again. Baker Street’s a bit lonely without you two tearing the flat apart upstairs.”
Sherlock’s laughter died down, but his deep smile remained as he cleared his throat.
It's getting a bit steamy now :) .....
Sherlock went to move in for John's lips but John let go of Sherlock's hind quarters and rested them on his arms so he could stop him. Sherlock's smile was gone at the look on John's face. John looked serious, but not upset.
“Shhh, John. You’ve had a tiresome day at work, please, let me take care of you tonight.”
You mumbled something into my shoulder, but I couldn’t understand it. I don’t think I wanted to either; I was busy trying to save your life. Look at what good that did.
‘Those are just for precaution, John.’ I heard your baritone voice say.
I rolled my eyes and huffed at you. I didn’t see your face soften, and I didn’t hear the way your voice softened either. You turned to exit again but then spun back around yet again. I was waiting for you to say something; you looked like you were going to speak. I had to check Kylie every few minutes; all the while you said nothing. You just turned around with the look of defeat and then left. I was glad that you were gone, because you were starting to irritate me with your attitude. If only I tried hard enough to understand, I wouldn’t have been so angry.
“Sherl…”
“You’re my honeybunch sugarplum, pumpy-umpy-umpkin, you’re my sweetie pie. You’re my cuppycake gumdrop snoogums boogums you’re…”
“Your…companions?” John restated.
Sherlock thought up a lie on the spot.
Words couldn’t describe how much that meant to me, you heard her, I know you did. She looked over my shoulder towards you.
The tremors are coming back.
Sherlock gasped. That man, he knew him, and he knew that police box too. It wasn't an ordinary box.
“This is troubling indeed.” Holmes muttered to himself.
“Um, there should be a bit of castor oil in the bathroom. Give her a bit and see if that works.”
John blinked, but followed Sherlock’s command. Sherlock shook the milk onto John’s wrist, and then slipped the bottle into Rosie’s mouth when John gave the okay. They moved to sit on the sofa and no one spoke. Sherlock was whispering something to Rosie as she drank from the bottle, her eyes fixated on his own, and John fixated on him.
There was one day, about two or three weeks before you…before. I came into the room with Kylie in my arms and took my seat. We didn’t say much, I couldn’t think of a single thing to say. I think I already told you about the events that transpired at work earlier that week, and you seemed mildly entertained. I opened my mouth to greet you, but you cut me off and said, ‘John, please, don’t treat me like I’m some random patient. Treat me like I’m your husband.’
“I don’t think her mouth can handle such a long name like mine.”
“So I’m starting to see.”
“Rosie’s clothes…look a bit off.”
“Growing up, I’ve always been…different, I think is the mild term, no doubt there are many others who would use other, more slightly harsher words than the one I am using right now.”
"Watson, I think you have a guest."
“There it is, John. Our…my home.”
"Well I'm here to celebrate the day of your birth, Sherlock. And because it's your birthday, I'm going to allow you one location of your choice on the TARDIS!"
She took a seat at the table and opened up the banana resting in the nearly empty fruit bowl. John took a few more sips before continuing the conversation.
"You're a genius as well Mr. Holmes. Piece it together, I know you can."
John entered the room, which turned out to be the dining room. Seated at the table was Greg, Sally, and after a moment, Mycroft. Kylie took a seat next to the empty chair that was reserved for John. He wasn't sitting down. Mycroft held his hand out and motioned for John to take his seat.
"What is it?" The Doctor replied.
“Yes, I suppose it is.”
“So, let me say this now. John Watson, I think you’re the most amazing, and bravest man that one could ever hope to meet and how lucky I am to have met you.”
Sherlock shook his head. John frowned.
word. He called him love. For a moment, he nearly forgot that John asked him to get something. He went and got the items and handed them over to John, then retreated to leaning on the doorway.
“You know, like James…”
“Sherlock….I....”
"Thank you, Sherlock, you look...exceptional too."
“Sherlock, are you alright?”
“I’m a git.”
I was curious, and I had to ask.
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
"How much do you trust me, Watson?"
"You see, about that..."
John scoffed.
“Do you have the address to his cottage? I need to see him.”
"Tell me the truth."
"I highly doubt that John would lie about work. Who would lie about going to work? I know I wouldn't. But don't think about that, think about that one place that's been on your mind, think Sherlock, do what you were born to do and think."
“If it’s for you,
Sherlock sent the clapping and confetti emoji and set his phone down. He always liked it when he got his way.
Watson was quite amused.
“Tell me if you want me to stop, okay?”
“NO, STOP THIS AT ONCE! WE HAD A DEAL! JUST KILL THEM AND BE DONE WITH THIS! NO!”
The voice belonged to a complete stranger, no doubt one of the people responsible for the kidnappings. John turned around to face Watson and gave a nod. Watson knew exactly what he was planning; he was thinking the same thing in his head. John placed his mouth to the door and responded, "What are you going to do about it?"
I still don't know if you really said that, but if you did, I still want to know where a name like 'Little Dove' even entered your mind. Was it from one of your nursery rhymes you heard as a child? Was it name you heard on the telly and it stuck? It's not like I'm judging the name, it's actually a very nice one, I would like to know how it came to your mind like that. Sometimes I call her 'pup' or 'cadet' or even the traditional 'love', I could always use your name for her...but no...it's yours and I can't picture myself saying it to her. It sounds better hearing you say it.
“Ah, is it that good?”
John groused around before resigning to say yes. If only they had this discussion before he was ready to pass out.
I’m not sure of what you said to them, you had me step out the room for each guest. All I know is that they came out sobbing, well, Mrs. Hudson and Molly did. Greg, he was hanging in there. He wasn’t about to break down in the middle of a hospital. Mycroft never showed up, not until later. I was angry at him, why would he do this to you? What was so bloody important that he couldn’t come and visit his own little brother in the hospital? I was stewing in my anger until I heard the familiar tapping of his brolly. He sauntered past me without so much as a glance, and into your room. I had half a mind to give him a whack, but forced myself to remain in the chair. The fact that he came at all meant something to me, and I’m sure to you as well.
She was six months when we met her, I’m not sure if you were paying attention when she came over, you only said one sentence to her while she was at our flat.
I looked over at the doctor and reiterated what you said to me.
John sniffed. The air was bitter, his hands were freezing, but he didn’t move from that spot. He smiled and blinked whatever tears tried to force their way through as he recounted his tale with Sherlock. They buried him where his fake grave was. John gave the order to place him there, to fill that empty spot with the person that was inscribed on the headstone. John closed his eyes as he remembered the funeral that took place some days after Sherlock’s death. He forgot which church it was in, the church they were married in. It mattered little to him the location, all that mattered that day was Sherlock.
John throws his jacket on and looks at Greg.
Sherlock feared that if he opened his mouth, then he would start bawling and John didn’t deserve that. John only smiled and pushed back the curls on his forehead.
“I’ve scheduled a meeting with Ella, and I’m going to take you to her tomorrow. She’s better suited for this more than I am, anyway. We can go, and if you don’t like your session then we’ll find something else, but for my sake, I want you to give it an honest chance.”
"You look...exceptional in that outfit, John." Sherlock said without making eye contact. John had to do a double take at the younger man's words. Did he really just say that? But he had to accept the compliment, it wasn't often Sherlock did it.
“If you were to tell me that statues could move days before all of this, I would be quite the skeptic. Wouldn’t you, Holmes?”
"Brilliant!"
"Kylie can't help me..."
He should try harder, right?
Sherlock sighed and kissed John. “It was perfect. I love you.”
“I love you too, Sherlock. I love you too.”
John wanted to answer, but all that came out was a sigh. He patted Sherlock's hand and pressed it to his lips.
“When I had my bad days recently, you were there for me. You brought me flowers, you made me food. Everybody else would have given up on me.”
There's one more chapter left!
She nodded, but she didn't talk about it anymore.
“What? I’m just kissing you.”
“But an alternate version of us, Holmes. They are us, in a sense; they are the version of us that got to be together. We should be happy for them.”
Our day ended with me sharing the small bed with you. I couldn’t sleep that time because Kylie wasn’t with me, but that didn’t stop you from falling asleep. You gripped my shirt tightly like you didn’t want me to leave, but I had to. I kissed your cheek, and then your forehead. I whispered goodbye and then left the room while you slept. Later that night, I was hit with an immense feeling of loneliness as I laid in our bed. It was particularly bad this night because I remembered what it was like to share a bed with you earlier. That was the first night I had Kylie sleep in the bed with me. I took her out of her crib, she was fast asleep, and then I set her gently on your side and placed pillows around the edge so that she wouldn’t fall off. I did the same thing I did to you at the hospital to Kylie. Two kisses and a stroke of the hair. The only difference was that she lacked your curls.
That got him.
“Rest, my dear Watson, is for the feeble-minded, those who don’t have enough stimulant in their head to stay awake. But, seeing as though I do not want a fight, I shall retire to my room for the night.”
"Oh, yes, right. Has he woken up? What's the matter?"
Greg told me that he was inspecting a string of robberies that have been committed by the same people, the Waters family, if I'm not mistaken. He's been trying to catch them for weeks. I thought that you would be desperate enough to take the case, even if it didn't have a murder in it. To my surprise, you agreed. I was right, you wanted anything to take your mind off of your crushing boredom, as you once told me. So there we were at Scotland Yard, getting the information from Lestrade. I made the mistake at looking over at you. You looked, distracted, like you weren't there. I dismissed it once again, I thought you were just soaking in the details, that seemed logical to me. Thinking back on it now, it would have been smarter to try and figure out why you were acting like that, but it's not something uncommon to me, I've seen you in those moods before, you would usually break free from that on your own.
And then, as soon as it started, it was over.
“Satisfying his need to check on his friend and keeping out of the way.”
“Why are you hiding?”
“I’m going to call this in.”  Lestrade disappeared out the room.
“Because we were drunk.”
Curious perhaps.  Intrigued.
It wasn’t a lie.  It just wasn’t the current truth either.  Had you asked him what he was thinking about a week ago, all those things would be on the list.  The past week though, he couldn’t help but turn his thoughts to the shadowy figure that had become so prevalent to his life.  Also, this guy was technically work related.  John’s job was about crime, this guy turned up at crime scenes.  Yes scenes multiple.  Ever since the first time they’d crossed paths, John kept seeing him out of the corner of his eye, a flutter of black wings, dark curly hair, a shadow moving across an alleyway.  However, by that logic a lot of things, including stray cats, uncollected rubbish, and the coffee shop on Queen’s Drive were all work related as well.  He also couldn’t entirely convince himself it was all case related.  Maybe it was the fact the guy had taken down the taggers instead of hitting John, when clearly he could have taken them all out.  Maybe it was the way his eyes seemed to light up when John said he was amazing.  Maybe he just wanted to keep the one reason he was excited to go to work that day, his own little ongoing mystery.  Whatever it was, there was something
