“Mycroft, you will be summoned tomorrow before midday. Are there any questions?”
is Arabic, and means "chooses the right path." I thought it was perfect for Mrs Hudson, who has been sadly absent until now.
It followed that he only needed to figure out, based on what he already knew, how much blood was in his penis when it was flaccid, and then he could figure out how much was in it when it was erect.
Sherlock’s balls pulled up against his body, and his stomach fluttered, John’s words affecting him like physical touch. He went back to small kisses and long licks, not giving John enough to push him over the edge. He built back up over the next few minutes until John was close again, then pulled back until nothing he did was more than a tease. John was strung out, taut with arousal and need, his only movement a slight undulation of his hips as he sought relief for the pressure throbbing between his legs. Sherlock laid his head on John’s hip and stroked John’s inner thigh and balls, savoring each and every one of the tortured sounds John made. The soft, begging,
“Public transportation couldn't handle it, but Bilandic kept telling the media that the CTA was running and that O’Hare wouldn't be shut down. Journalists started reporting from train stations and the airport, proving that they were indeed shut down.
John swung his legs off the bed, and stood up.
“You, my love, are a right mess. I think your face ate more of that ice cream than you did. Let's get a bath going for you, yeah?”
“Likewise. At least, I don’t think we’ve met before. How do you two know the unhappy couple?”
“Turn around, Sherlock, let me work at the knot.”
“No.”
“So?”
Annette stood up and gathered the stack of dishes in her hands. “Nonsense. You’re on your honeymoon, there’s no need to cook for yourselves.”
This is the
John, however, steps closer, and Sherlock can feel him at his side, stretching up to his full height. The wing pressed into his side is clenching, too, as if John is waiting for a fight. Delightful Johnling.
“I know. I’ll be as safe as I can.”
“What happened to it?”
Sherlock finished arranging the sheet over them and threw himself down, sprawling, love unbound, over John’s chest. “Plenty of time for that later I should think.”
“Okay, yes, fine, I get it. I did at times, in the past, struggle with insecurity in regards to our relationship.”
"No, but I can certainly fault them for that horrible underwing pass. I’ll have to redo everything they’ve taught her."
, anyway?”
“We will all prevail, together.” Sherlock loses his battle then, his heart eeking out one, lonely cry. He falls forward as Mycroft lifts his wings, and enfolded, he presses his cheek to Mycroft’s shoulder. He closes his eyes, and the wind circles them, whispering, soothing. Sometime later he realizes that Mycroft is rocking, back and forth, back and forth. His heart has settled again. He steps away.
“But you’re also dating another candidate.”
“Oh, my God,” John said, reaching for the phone. “She looks just like you, Sherlock!”
“I’m glad you like it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John has a point.
, Tui. Did you hear?”
He feared for his survival. John would destroy him now that he’d set his mind to having him, render him a useless heap of firing synapses and scattered impulses.
Sherlock froze with a pair of dark blue dress socks in his hand. “You’re kidding, right?”
“There are lots of other things you can do to it, ya know.”
4. Emperors, to be completely factual, are serial monogamists. When they have a mate, they are faithful to that mate. That said, there is often little time between reaching the breeding grounds and the time for mating. If a peng calls and his/her mate is out of ear shot, a new pair can form. Likewise, if a mate dies. Like I said, they're BAMF and don't sit around and grieve. Except, you know, John and Sherlock. They totally would. I've taken some artistic license with that bit of the story.
“Mmhm.”
“I would estimate the odds are in the vicinity of one in ten billion. The odds of it being a coincidence, however, are much lower.”
“Very much so, I must admit.”
"No. It's obvious, isn't it?"
Every time I sit down to write this story, something entirely different comes out than what I was planning. Not that the thoughts in this chapter wouldn't have been expressed, but I thought they would take up just a few lines, and then I'd go from there. Yeah, no.
“What about you and Tui, then? You are of chick-raising age now. Would you like to be parents?” He gives himself a mental pat on the shoulder for working up the nerve to ask such a personal question, and Anahera squeezes his wingtip under hers.
John kissed him again, and sighed. “I'm so glad that's over.”
"May I ask why?"
“For the same reason that you're evading the question, I suppose. It's what you do.”
Whereas Sherlock wasn’t terribly interested in John’s sister’s addiction or the process of her rehabilitation, he was interested in what may have been going on in John’s childhood home to cause Harry to pick up the bottle, and how those things may have impacted John.
He and John spend long evenings under those same stars, going over the day’s stories. Side to side, or with John leaning back against Sherlock, they look above, and trace the constellations’ lines and angles with their wings, and whisper the whys and hows of the legends.
They went inside, and Mrs. Hudson gave John a big hug and said, “Thank God you’re finally here. If he went out to check the mail one more time, I was going to lock him out of the house.”
He stops when he can hear as well as see them, the claws on their feet scratching and pushing against the ice, their wings sweeping them closer. He stops and he looks, and John is almost there, and oh gods he is so beautiful. In the four moons they’ve been apart, John has matured fully into adulthood, bursts of colour augmenting his stark black and white. Sherlock wants to inspect and catalogue every single change, but there’s no time now, not one moment to spare.
Sherlock swirled the drink in his glass and raised it in a mock toast. “That’s the plan.” He leaned forward, squinting at John. “Why? Have
Yes, the only one, without exception, you alone. And
“Not quite that long, gorgeous. And I told you, I did know. You knew, too, you just didn't know you knew. But you did. You knew.”
“He must be highly-esteemed.”
Greg scrunched his face up and sighed. “Yeah. I guess he did. I didn’t have two cents to rub together, and he was pretty persuasive. Thing is, I figured out pretty quickly that I didn’t like being taken care of – I’m too independent. I didn’t want to answer to someone else just because they were dropping three-hundred bucks on dinner, you know?”
The wind is mild and the moon is low and bright in a crystalline sky, and if Sherlock were to wish for the perfect canopy under which to say goodbye to John, he would wish for nothing different. This way, he can see John’s sweet face clearly, and memorize every single feather, every shift in the shade of his colouring, every nuance of John’s eyes that make them uniquely his own. He touches John’s cheeks, and neck, and chest, and memorizes the gentle slopes and curves of his precious body.
Sherlock inspected his fingernails and smoothed imaginary wrinkles out of his trousers. The corner of his mouth twitched. He looked up at John, scanned his face, his posture, his slight heel-rocking.
John pulled back a bit and looked up at Sherlock. He went from looking sleepy to besotted in two seconds flat, and Sherlock reached out to touch John’s face and rub his thumb along his jawline. Beautiful John.
“Oh.”
With his free time, Sherlock researched the University of Chicago’s admissions process, read the academic publications of the deans of chemistry and medicine, collected email addresses, wrote a thank you note to Andrea, the librarian at John Crerar Library, did tuition calculations based on varying loan amounts and interest rates on scraps of paper, and registered himself on several apartment locator websites. By the time this winter break ended, he would know more about Hyde Park and the University of Chicago than he did about Boston and Harvard.
“John.”
“Is this topping from the bottom?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock pushed John’s legs toward his chest, lifting his ass off the floor, and John immediately grabbed the backs of his knees.
John twisted his head to the side and Sherlock dipped low to meet his mouth. It was an awkward angle for kissing, so Sherlock licked John’s lower lip, and John licked back before lowering his cheek to the bed. Sherlock stared at the flush on John’s face, the sweat breaking out on his forehead, his mouth open, panting, and he pushed forward again and watched as John bit his lip and groaned, “Yeah, like that, keep going.”
"Not yet."
John tilted Sherlock’s hips a little more and slammed home, pulled out as far as he dared, and slammed home again.
“Should we go in here first, then walk around?”
“I know. But if you ask first, I know you really want to.”
“Sherlock has told me –”
, then opened his mouth and started doing the same to Sherlock. It was dizzying, the double-arousal, giving and receiving, feeling exactly what he was doing, as it was being done to him. He’d fantasized for so long about going down on John, and had loved it as much as he thought he would. He loved being that close to John’s cock, the smells, the tastes, the heft of it. He loved how soft and smooth it felt on his lips, and the contrast of that skin against the wrinkled skin of his scrotum, and the wiry scratch of his pubic hair. He loved how much control he had over John’s pleasure.
“No, just honest.” Sherlock’s brow drew down. Serious, as ever. Christ, he was adorable.
“For punching that asshole?”
John would lift the pizza to his mouth, look at it lovingly, take a big bite, and close his eyes for a couple of seconds. He'd chew, humming with satisfaction, and wipe his hands on a wad of crumpled napkins. Then, he'd reach for his drink as he swallowed that bite of pizza, take a big gulp, and smack his lips, or sigh, while reaching for the pizza again. Sherlock wanted to kiss him for loving that pizza so much.
“And she was dead before she hit the ground?”
“Based on the degree of vasocongestion alone, I’d say that sex agrees with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Over the sounds of running and splashing water, he heard the shower door open, then, “Hey, you.”
DOES NOT GET EATEN BY A SEAL, YOU SAVAGES.
“Don’t take pictures of me, take pictures of the art!”
“I suppose I don’t really think of my situation as an arranged marriage as much as the result of a dating service. I did meet John through the Program but I wasn’t required to marry him. I chose to.”
“But, they also have Little Goat Diner, and that sounds more up our alley, and it’s easier to get into. They’re open for brunch, too. We can get something called Fat Elvis Waffles, with banana, peanut butter, and bacon maple syrup.”
“– which eventually led me to –”
“My nose?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow and attempted, again, to keep the grinning to a minimum.
“Well, it can be intimate, if you’re with someone you care about. But what if it’s not about the money. What if you’re single and you just want to get laid? You hook up with someone for the night, have a good time, and leave. That’s not really giving part of yourself away, is it? Is that really more than getting, or giving, a massage?”
“Oh, you don’t know the half of it. I don’t stand a chance against some of them.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and sighs.
Kororā was patient, and reminded Apo that whereas he was eighteen winters old, which was indeed a long life for his kind, she was as old as the stars, and had selected male and female mates for longer than he could possibly imagine. That he had not witnessed this himself did not make it untrue.
Selvic, Erebus reminisces, was smart and funny and kind and caring. "He was handsome, so very handsome," he whispers into the air above Sherlock’s head, a faraway look in his eyes.
“Say what you need to say.”
“I was hatched ready, Sherlock.”
“Mmhm. And her mother threatened to disown her if she didn’t end it, they had a huge row, but she’s going to leave anyway, she has an ice raft ready to go, and she’s going to raise little emp-aroni chicks!”
John followed Sherlock until the backs of his knees hit the bed, then reached out for one of his hands. He rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s knuckles, looked up from under his blond lashes, and smiled.
“God, that was … that was magnificent.”
“Yup. Maybe we stay in Boystown tonight, get our bearings, and venture further afield the longer we’re here?”
“Come on, tiger. Let’s see what you’ve got.” Sherlock jumped up and scuttled as gracefully as he could on his blades to the swinging door of the rink, then pushed through and onto the ice. It wasn’t great ice; it was messy and slushy in sections, and the rentals were dull and heavy on his feet, but muscle memory kicked in and he found the rhythm to propel him forward.
"Certainly I'm not John, Mr. Holmes". Sherlock looked up, and his smile faded away. Irene Adler was there, and they were alone, and she looked... Good. She was wearing a long, tight and white dress, and The lipstick, that red lipstick.
The police car stopped in front of a tall building, all painted in white. Lestrade got out of it with a frown, the building didn't have a signal with its name and Lestrade couldn't recall even seeing it before. Hidden in plain sight.
He ignored his mother's advise and went out of his house, the killer couldn't just come now and kill them all, could he? The street was chaotic and a generally peaceful and quiet neighborhood had become the focus of attention of the whole town. John's heart was still racing. The police was closing the crime scene. The rumors pointed that the two of them had been murdered.
John stood still and quiet, completely frozen. He had never heard Sherlock speaking like that.
"I don't know how. I'm a greaser, not an actor." Sherlock said shrugging.
“So you never focus on what they actually
John frowned, but still smiling, he felt he could barely contain his happiness, everything was okay, he was happy, his sister was happy (which he could tell because 24 hours had passed without her taking any booze) and well... Everything was working out, wasn't it? "Come on Harry, it's not like we did anything" Harry shrugged in disappointment. "But it was... It was fantastic, brilliant, incredible."
Sherlock looked at him questioningly.
******
"Ever since I met you, Sherlock. I couldn't stop thinking about you."
?". Greg asked with curiosity.
But he couldn't solve the case by his own. Most of all, he needed his blogger.
"You told him you would see him later."
"That's not what I'm trying to say! The thing is that as you had a perfectly planned fall, Moriarty could also have a perfectly planned suicide! He is not stupid! He probably had it all worked out! You have to be careful Sherlock, because if he is back he is coming to get you, and we can't let that happen!"
127 possible outcomes to their talk.
Simple enough. But I want you as
Sherlock stood still, thoughtful. He remained looking down and in the meanwhile the DI couldn't help but wonder what was the reason behind John's unawareness.
Sherlock stood still for a while, until he saw John vanish from his sight.
slowly,
would be okay.
---------
Of course, he was going crazy.
for telling our father, for forcing me to go to rehab and for taking the only good thing I had left out of my life."
"We can't let them do that!"
They didn't talk about it the next day. John acted as if he hadn't said anything the night before.
Sherlock turned to look at him and couldn’t help but smile back. John’s smile turned into a grin as he stared deeply into Sherlock’s eyes.
Nothing.
"We could also look at her scar. Ask her if she remembers something about the procedure, or the reason why she ended up working here", Sherlock continued, his brain working at a hundred miles per hour.
expression.
“Yes.”
"I just...I miss you. I miss you like crazy. You ask me to choose what I want, the answer is simple, and it's the same one you gave me that day you apologized to me: I want
He cleared his throat and blinked. John remained completely focused on the drawing -Sherlock wouldn’t criticize it yet, not yet, but he could already tell it was wrong- and his tongue was still touching the corner of his lips.
John was safe. John would be okay. They both would. He’d come back tonight and they’d talk. That’s what he said they’d do.
“Can I see our grade?”Sherlock repeated in an even lower tone, making it almost impossible for John to hear.
"I might need to do some corrections and I would like to discuss them with you." Sherlock was desperately trying to find an excuse,
The pain was unspeakable. It was impossible to express it with words, nor he wanted to, lest of all to Mycroft, so he simply groaned.
. He had promised him he'd be back home early, and now it was late afternoon, and the files hadn't arrived yet and Sherlock needed something, anything. He felt exhausted, not physically, but emotionally drained. It was in moments like this that he felt the itching, aching need for a seven percent solution, only to make him feel better for an hour or two.
John’s smile grew wider.
John turned red with anger. “It’s MONDAY! You haven’t eaten in three fucking days?”
“War and violence”, Mike replied. “If I’m not mistaken, the title is: expressing the inexpressible: war and violence in the eyes of art.”
“Yes”, Sherlock said, his eyes still closed, waiting to listen to the sound of John’s footsteps leaving the flat. It was the only logical outcome.
"No. John", he walked towards John but John moved apart from him. Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks. He sighed. "I- I came back and you didn't recognise me. You didn't know who I was, it was as if-"
"Wait. Wait.
"Sherlock, you have to cut him out of your life. Simple as that."
"Hm?"
“The problem was that I didn’t want it to be
Melissa smiled. "Thank you! Thank you! Yes, I'll talk to him."
----------
, John thought feeling a pinch of jealousy.
John couldn't help but laugh as well. "Git."
"Yes. A girl."
"But it isn't. And we have to keep the investigation going."
John ran a hand through Sherlock’s face, touching him softly.
Life after John Watson was… hideously colorful.
He stood in front of him and the greaser looked up and rolled his eyes. "Yes, I know, I know." The boy really had a lousy attitude.
And he came as well.
Sherlock nodded because John had just asked him not to say a word.
that history! The man saluted seriously, looking at the half-full classroom. "I'll give some time for the rest of the people to arrive but I'll start by telling you that in this class you are punctual or you are gone. It starts at 9. Not one minute later. If you arrive later, please abstain from entering. Clear?" They nodded.
"Where are you going to?", smart, perceptive John asked.
"What do you mean you have never seen me in your life?" Sherlock asked, feeling daunted.
"You are drunk!"
While Sherlock stared at Jones through the glass of the interrogation room, Lestrade stood next to him. They remained silent for a moment, until Lestrade decided to speak up, "you were at the hospital."
"Seriously, Mrs Hudson, we are not together, I just came here to do the history project..."
He sighed, his head started hurting again. He shakily sat on John’s chair.
"Who is this?" Her voice sounded sharp.
“A what?”, Sherlock asked feeling confused.
"I'm just...I'm just..." And then the tears started falling, and John couldn't stop them, they rolled on and on down Sherlock's t-shirt, and he just had to let it all out.
They stood still, in silence. The tension felt as if air itself was drowning them.
Sherlock closed his mouth immediately and realized it was better not protesting against that, because Hikes was right and he couldn't stand being thrown out of another school again. Which would surely happen if the director found out. No. He had to stay here. For John. For no one. For himself. Definitely
He looked at the picture and recognized the man right next to him immediately. Holmes.
“Fantastic and perfect are completely different terms.”
“Maybe you don’t, but you’re desperate to paint again, it’s your one true passion, John.”
"Blimey Harry, it's 8:00 p.m! Are you sure?"
Sherlock sighed. John crossed his arms, as if waiting for an explanation. “I just- I need your help. I need you to talk to Isabella’s relatives. We know she had some in London but she decided not to stay with them and get a hotel instead, why did she? I need you to find that out. Go to Baker Street and look for more information about them, contact them if you can.”
John was a bit more awake now. "Sherlock?" He said, turning his head towards Sherlock.
loss,
He couldn't of course, so he tried to imagine the feel of it, rough yet tender, soft yet strong.
He cleared his throat. "Where's John?"
"Sherlock!"
People were leaving the cafeteria and Sherlock knew John had Chemistry club and smiled because John was so different from so many people he had ever known, he was unique, special, smart...
He slipped back into unconsciousness once more.
"You were so intoxicated, so drunk, do you seriously not remember, how can you not remember, how can you not remember him? Doesn't it hurt you? Don't you feel guilty? Why do I seem to feel more guilt than you? I wasn't the one who did it! It was all your fault! You are a specialist in coming and ruining everything Harry! And very good job you did back then, you nearly killed him!" John nearly yelled moving his hands in the air. He didn't want to be so harsh on his sister, but he couldn't help it.
Which made it harder for John to focus. He tried to keep his eyes on the road and stop flushing.
And that was the problem: as they kissed, John could only see colors, a thousand different colors he could name but he didn’t want to, it was a myriad of cyans and greens and yellows and magentas and it was beautiful, as if a whole painting was drawing itself within his own brain.
John smiled for a while, but then remembered what he originally had asked her and his face became slightly more serious. "But I need you to tell me what you told him, Harry. Anything it was what you said to him, it changed something inside him. I got to see a side of Sherlock I had never seen before, and I was dazzled and puzzled by it at the same time, and I know it was something you did, now tell me what it was, I'm begging you, I need to know."
"I don't want you just as a work partner, John."
John looked at him with curiosity. "Why do you want to leave exactly right now?"
"Says so the consulting detective..."
“You’re doing it now, John”, Sherlock replied leaning closer and whispering into John’s ear.
"Oh Harry come on, I'm
"Please- please allow me to talk to you one last time. Please."
? So Sherlock Holmes prefers doing homework than catching up with his buddies! What a party pooper!"
in other people’s minds.
John's logical side within his brain told him that it was an obvious outcome: there was blood loss and the shock was giving way to pain a pain so deep that in Sherlock's case it could only shut itself off in order to prevent it, but his irrational side was screaming at him.
Sherlock had little to no patience, and when three days had passed and John hadn’t attempted any other conversation (and Sherlock wouldn’t attempt for a while either), he started to wonder if he had read too much into that single word.
"What?" Sherlock looked at her seriously.
“Can you stand up?”, Sherlock asked as he stood up and held out a hand for John to take.
John cleared his throat. "There is
"...It's been an exhausting day and I think the anger helped it. So I'd better be off." John said, looking at Sherlock in the eyes. They stared at each other for a moment, silently. Sherlock taking in every little detail about John and keeping it in the depths of his mind as a treasure, John wondering how the hell was it possible he had forgotten the fact he had met that particular man.
" His mom asked quizzically.
Then he listened to a massive gasp from the people holding the cameras and shoving the microphones, and a voice screaming through the crowd. “Let me come through! Jesus Christ would you just let me walk?”
"You were the one who came back. I never said I wanted you back."
"Fine, let's go to St. Bart's then."
"You're alive", John repeated once again.
"Well, she must be a
“What? How?”, he wasn’t able to finish any of those sentences, who did this man think he was? “who told you?”
about me!", he couldn't avoid the strain of pain from tinting his voice, somehow he still felt angry, and if he did, he couldn't even begin to imagine how John was feeling at the moment.
And John wondered how it was possible that a couple of musical notes were capable of anchoring him to the present, of dragging him back from the dark and giving him his life back.
“I told you so.”
John bit his lip. His eyes glistened just a little, but Sherlock did not comment on it.
And how much he loved John Watson.
John rolled his eyes, he hated when Sherlock got sulky. But in that moment he was sulkier than usual.
Every time they said something different.
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned. "I'll be at the cafeteria if you need me."
He didn’t say it.
John’s hand trembled.
Mycroft was starting to lose his calm and John felt alarmed about it. Something told him that this man had a lot of power and knew very well how to use it.
"Of course I will. Now go and get some rest. You both need it."
"Scotland Yard. New case", he half-lied.
He took Sherlock’s hand without thinking, Sherlock looked transfixed as John brought his fingertips to his lips and kissed them softly, a feather-like touch that only deepened Sherlock’s blush.
Sherlock shook his head. "No. You got it wrong. I run away from things that
"We had to have something to break it up...and we did not."
Once the greaser started the car, John had to grab himself to the seat. "Sherlock! Slow down for God's sake!"
John really enjoyed his first day at chemistry club, and even though he wasn't very fond of chemistry he found it easy to understand and enjoyable. He also made a friend, a
result
"He went to the market, I met him in the entrance door"
"Fine."
John sighed. "Sure."
“Yes but you’ve seen my eyes.”
"What are you doing here?"
This one was… alive?
"He decided to prescribe me sedatives.
"Really? You don't say." Mycroft said sarcastically, then he turned to look at John, he lifted his eyebrow and then frowned, as questioning what the hell was a boy like John hanging out with a guy like Sherlock.
"It isn't easy, John. You always feel on the edge. You don't want to slip but sometimes you can't help that sudden urge rushing all over your body, asking you for
Tuesday passed by. Thursday passed by. John didn’t go. He was embarrassed. He didn’t want to face Sherlock again. He knew it was all his fault for acting that way, the damage was already done, and it was fine. It was okay, it’d be.
John brought the mirror closer to him and stared at his own eyes. Sherlock looked at the reflection in the mirror. He liked John’s eyes. While he was growing up, people used to tell him all the time that they couldn’t put a name on the color of his own eyes, because sometimes they were blue, then they were green and then they turned grey.
Sarah looked startled. "I'm sorry, what?"
John looked at it for a moment, hesitantly. He took it and grabbed it forcefully, in order to stand up. Once he was up, his hand unclasped from Sherlock's grip and he moved, limping a bit towards the door.
"That wasn't what I was asking to know, Harry."
“Of course I do. In order to draw your face, we need a strong pencil whose tip won’t break under your trembling hand.”
He couldn’t understand this fascination he felt towards Sherlock, he couldn’t put a name to it, but he loved it. He loved the feeling of it.
stupid, Holmes."
Sherlock kissed him on the cheek. "And if he's there, I won't let him lay a finger on you."
"Thanks to you for the gift, Greg, I'm sure Sherlock liked his too."
And that statement should have been enough. Except it wasn't. "I don't believe you." John said and it came out sounding very harsh.
"So?" Sherlock said, walking out of the room next door. He was now full-on detective mode, with his suit on and clean shaven. Mycroft turned to look at him, eyebrows rising. "Where's John Watson?"
Sherlock smiled. "No, I certainly don't, but you do and that's what matters".
"...this boy is so lovely and smart and adorable... Oh Sherlock he is perfect for you!"
"Stay away from me!", John said, trying to distance himself as much as possible. It shouldn't have hurt as much as it did. Sherlock felt the truth kicking in: after listening to that tape, John had lost all the trust he had in him.
"Hi", he found a hesitant and slightly anxious voice.
Sherlock forced himself to talk and prove her wrong. "Who tells you I can't?"
Greg looked down and nodded. Clara looked terrified. "Now move your butts and start cleaning!"
Take a listen to the lyrics Johnny boy, the girl of the song lives way more than you do. You should learn from her
"I don't know either, but we've got to figure something out, Sherlock. If he's alive, then he's coming, and he's coming to get what he couldn't last time. You."
Trigger warning for description of use of drugs and a very bad trip. Please, if that makes you somehow uncomfortable, don't read this chapter, your safety and well-being comes first! Don't worry, you won't miss much. This chapter is told completely from Sherlock's pov.
"Upstairs...dull...", Sherlock continued placing kisses in John's skin.
She called them and in a second and transferred the call back to Mycroft's office.
Sherlock frowned and looked at him seriously. "Sorry? What for?"
Hawthorne stood silent for a moment, then he replied seriously: "It's very rare, but there are some cases in which the patients experience other effects, such as insomnia and intense headache, but it almost never happens. Don't worry, lacunar amnesia is a very moderate form of amnesia and it won't cause much brain damage. Tomorrow you might awake with some headache, that's normal, although you won't remember why, but just take a pain killer and you'll be fine. Although you probably won't remember that."
Sherlock kept walking, his back turned against her, he really,
And maybe he could start believing in metaphysics, if it meant he’d be able to merge himself with John.
Sherlock looked puzzled. "Where, exactly?"
And in those moments, it felt so simple to simply leave, with a thousand unsent messages and a thousand unsaid confessions in his mouth, with the scent of John still alive in his mind palace, with an 'I love you' still looking for a way to escape past his lips even though it had been 7 days, 14 hours, 32 minutes and 37 seconds since he last saw John Watson.
kind of smile, more in a
*******
"I don't want to know", John replied.
can you believe it? She said she has to think things through but she needs space. I lost her." She said, losing control of her tears as they rolled down her face.
He looked at the clock again and groaned, opened his closet, took out some pj's and put them on, getting under the blankets and looking up to the ceiling. He didn't want to sleep, not anymore, because for once, sleeping was actually
John couldn’t argue with that. He eyed Sherlock defiantly, took the charcoal and started drawing.
a hateful singsong he had grown accustomed to, yet not well enough. He turned and looked into those dark eyes, full of something he couldn't quite tell, something he hadn't been able to unveil yet. And the smile, that horrible, terrifying smile forming on his lips. He blinked.
And feeling his body against his, in a broken yet beautiful way.
"What?" Sherlock said turning to look at Greg as they made their way to the cafeteria. Well, as Greg did. Sherlock was going to keep reading his book.
John nodded. “Eyelashes then?”
"You wouldn't, you would let it go eventually until I become just a blurry picture on your mind. That's the way it is."
John smiled as soon as Sherlock opened the door. It was a soft, small smile that immediately irradiated into Sherlock, who couldn’t help but do the same. They stood there, still, smiling at each other, none of them knowing why, just doing it.
John shrugged. “I merely stated the facts.”
projects’drafts.
it was to let this feeling sink inside his head because of a person. A
"What?" She said, frowning in confusion.
New tracks have been added to
John shrugged, he was looking at Greg seriously, putting his defenses up, trying to prepare himself for any attack by the greasers. "Why would I know?" He asked curiously.
"All night and all day, actually. Trying to collect evidence."
"I prefer Buddy Holly if you ask, but yeah, Elvis is pretty good" she said drinking the last sip of beer at her cup. Then she looked at Sherlock's cup, which was still half-full, took it and started drinking.
"That was-", he started but didn't know how to finish. The English language had 1,025,109 words and none of them was enough to convey what Sherlock was feeling at this exact moment. John sat up and Sherlock pulled him down to kiss him. Well, sometimes a kiss said more than 1,025,109 words. Sherlock could feel his own taste in John's mouth and he felt overwhelmed by it.
Mycroft and Sherlock were looking at each other quietly. Their eyes fixed on each other defiantly. John could feel the tension, and he wanted to run away, but he couldn't. Finally, he decided he had to fix this. He cleared his throat and both Mycroft and Sherlock turned to look at him questioningly, as if they had forgotten he was there. "I'm starving, so I'd appreciate the dinner, thank you." He said moving towards the dining room, trying to look as normal as he could.
John looked at Sherlock’s fingers holding the drawing and they did look strikingly similar to the ones he had just reproduced with the charcoal, “good”, he said with a silly smile on his face. He desperately wanted to reach and touch those fingers, the
Sherlock was about to reply when John arrived holding some bags, he stood in the door, in the middle of the fight, looking at them both. They went quiet and stared at each other.
He ran towards the folders. The clues had to be there. The interval of time between one murder and the other wasn’t very long, but they were irregular. He’d have to go through all the files in which the crime was perpetrated through stabbing and in which the name would start with an a, b, c or d.
Since that day, he had created five different paintings. He hadn’t reached perfection yet, but he was quite pleased with the result. No, that was a lie. He was never happy with the result, he always hated what he painted, but his technique had certainly gotten better since then and his mind was bursting with ideas.
he thought, because he had been there before.
“Of course it is, John. And you’re perfectly capable of doing it. You’ve proved yourself better than you thought you were in these classes, haven’t you?”
"Eighteen."
handle those 7 books he found and he managed to pick them up, which he found really surprising. But he couldn't see anything, not even the pile of books he tripped with. He fell and so did the books, causing a very loud noise. Sherlock turned and there it was again, John was blushing. "Dear lord, Watson. What is your damn problem?" He said between laughing and annoyed, as he stood up.
Thank you so much for your lovely comments and kudos <3 they're always, always appreciated.
Sherlock didn’t take his eyes off him.
"Goodbye Miss Adler."
"Sentiment." John said playfully.
“I’m giving you the benefit of doubt”, Sherlock said, seriously.
"Of course it was because of you! You changed it all. So thanks. Yes, thanks. Thank you."
Sherlock smiled bitterly, looking down at John. "See? You'd be a great doctor."
He took out three things: a picture of John, a piece of folded paper and a cassette.
“I dreamt of Afghanistan”, John said quietly, “I was used to them, but hadn’t had them in a long while and thought I was over them. I wasn’t prepared for seeing all of that again. I mean, I always saw it, but when it haunts me in my dreams, it gets dangerous, because there’s nowhere to run, nowhere to go to, the bullet burying itself in my shoulder time and time again, and I couldn’t stop it. When I woke up today”, he turned to look at his left hand, “it was trembling again, harder than ever.”
She looked at John, and murmured: "Don't. Blow. It."
He tried to hide the grin that was threatening to appear and entered to the classroom. Sherlock wasn't there yet. As he sat, he started tapping his feet on the floor but stopped it as soon as he realized why he was doing it: he was anxious to see Sherlock.
“He was the one who chose to check into Lacuna. Honestly I didn’t expect him to do so, he just gave me the perfect chance. How could I possibly let him go?”
He stood there, in the middle of the flat, staring at those white, horrible walls, his breathing was ragged and all he could see around were the tiny pieces of broken paper that had been a terrible drawing a minute ago, he looked at them as they fell and landed into the wooden floor.
"...Because yesterday, at the record store, you passed from being the wonderful smart, incredible boy I know to be the biggest douchebag greaser in the world!"
Greg shook his head. "No. Sorry dude but I heard about the accident. I'm not lending you my rocket."
Sherlock frowned and broke apart. "Delicate or not, I'm not hungry."
And John simply stood up and walked towards their -ahem, Sherlock's- room and laid on the bed.
greaser
He tugged them down, just a bit. Enough to be able to grab Sherlock's cock.
Fuck, fuck this. Fuck Sherlock. Fuck Irene. Suddenly, he hated Harry for this brilliant idea, he hated himself for playing along with it, for picturing things that weren't there, that weren't real. But most of all, he was feeling nothing but anger towards the detective.
They didn't talk for a long while.
“I won’t ask you to draw anything, I just want you to show me which colors come to your mind when you think of Afghanistan. Paint them.”
It was 7:30 p.m. and John's attention was focused on wether Sherlock would attend or not to the date. He was working so hard, taking samples from the body, analyzing each one of them, determined to find its precedence, making his way into Moriarty's trap. He wasn't still sure if it was a good idea or not, but at least Sherlock had that determination John had missed so much, it had been over two years without seeing it, now it was as if nothing had changed.
Sherlock closed his eyes. Why on earth did he allow himself to act on impulse? Nothing ever good came out of it. Ever.
“Excuse me?”
John nodded as he looked at his own eyes.
"Good. I mean we still have a history project to do."
Sherlock nodded slowly. “That’s why. I just need food and sleep and I’ll be fine.”
Sherlock swallowed. His voice was barely above a whisper when he asked, "did you listen to-?"
*******
He definitely didn't want to be with John Watson.
The view was incredibly sad. A woman was lying on the studio, with a gunshot in her forehead. There was blood everywhere and her head had landed over the typewriter.
He lit up his cigarette.
Now it was Sherlock's turn to look surprised. "
"Three months ago."
He turned to find John with his head against the wall, as he tried to recover his breath. A rush of norepinephrine, dopamine and serotonin hit him once again. He smiled.
John was gone.
John stopped in front of the door, “I told you-”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes still fixed on John’s. “All of them. I’ve never used them.”
He had to, anyway.
Sherlock felt a kind of levity he could only associate with the feeling of having actually died. He wondered for a second if that was possible, and of course it was, but perhaps not in this situation. If it was true, then it would be gruesome that his last word would have been a broken and helpless ‘yes?’. Then he realized that he hadn’t. It was the kind of levity that came when something that he had carried over his shoulders for ages, weighing him down, debilitating him and torturing him was taken off him. He had been released.
They leant closer and their noses touched, caressing one another before Sherlock pulled in and made their lips meet again.
Effects of the morphine, perhaps.
"I think it is. Bring Jo- Dr. Watson immediately."
Sherlock put his hands over his hips. “We have a huge amount of work to do”, he said with a sigh.”
They moved faster, driven by despair. Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at John, who was lost in pleasure, in a way he had never seen him before. And realization hit Sherlock, for the hundredth time in that day: John was allowing him in just as much as Sherlock was doing. With every thrust, with every movement, with every word, with every expression, with every moan, John was letting Sherlock in, showing him a deeply intimate part of himself.
"Sorry, but I'm not hungry and we have a lot of work to do. Plus, Mycroft will have more to eat, so everybody wins."
to talk!"
John was in pain. That much was clear. What he needed to know was if the pain his own brain was causing him would prove itself mortal. He couldn’t possibly know that. He had to act fast anyway, do something. Anything.
He cleared his throat. “Shouldn’t you be, I don’t know, painting?”
******
John took his phone and stared at it. Sunday. Good, he didn't have to work today. If he had, he would call and say he was ill, his headache was killing him and his hand was trembling intensely today. He wouldn't have been of much use.
"Oh..." John's mom said as soon as she heard the name and turned to look at John, who threw her a shy smile. "My son has told me a lot about you." She said trying (unsuccessfully) to hide her displeasure.
"What should I say? That I'm sorry?"
"Oh come on Mr. Holmes, I'm starving."
it they
And a history of emotions and a history of self-discovery and a history of finding value in life and in art again.
*******
------
Oh but he did. He once understood him. He just didn't remember.
"Shut up!", John screamed once again and Sherlock stood still, watching him. "Shut up!", he looked down and a few, broken noises escaped from his mouth. "Why? If I erased you from my mind, then why did I have to meet you again? Why didn't you leave me alone once and for all? Why couldn't you understand that I didn't want to know anything else about you anymore? Why did you have to come back? Why did you have to be alive? Why did you allow me to kiss you? To fall-", he fell silent.
He didn't want to look at the window, but once his eyes settled on it he realised it had been cleared, which was a huge relief, because he thought he wouldn't be able to face that sight again.
Sorry for leaving you for so long with that terrible cliffhanger. Thank you so much for your support, I hope you like this chapter! x
"No, it wasn't. I'm not worthy of that."
John rubbed his nape, thoughtfully. "I don't know, they aren't much of my style..."
Sherlock shook his head, closing his eyes. He needed to think, also he needed John to be distracted so he could hide the file without him noticing.
John stopped looking at Sherlock and looked at her, confused. "What?"
But Sherlock was still calm and smiling and trying to sound as a good boy as possible. "Believe it or not, Mrs. Watson, that's not true. I am a brilliant student and I do wonderful in school. You can ask John."
"No, no, no. He's not staying with you. No." She said firmly.
Hawthorne shook his head. “No. You’ll remember everything that has happened to you. Everything but him.”
"Detention?" She said putting her hands on her hips.
Sherlock frowned. He didn't know what to say, was it a good thing or a bad thing? Harry continued.
John looked at Sherlock for a moment. “You really don’t see it?”
The music -if he could call it music- simply stopped.
A sound somewhere, far away. His eyes widened.
“You just passed out on the crime scene, Sherlock”, Lestrade told him.
"Explain what?"
John smiled at him. "Everything is okay. I'm here, love."
"Truth is", John said against his chest, "I desperately want to be in this gallery. But I know I'll never be good enough. It will never say enough. I want you to help me. But on my own time, please", he spoke softly, as if the darkness and the wetness and the warmth of the night had allowed his deepest secrets to filter through.
"So that's your answer for everything, then? You just run away?"
It was the light. Of course it was the light. He had no other reason to suspect otherwise.
John laughed, "it's true though", he stood up and walked towards his bed. "I would never give this up", he whispered as he leaned towards Sherlock. "I mean it. Never". He bent in and kissed him softly.
“Was it good?”
"No, no, don't
"I just woke up in a good mood Harry."
Sherlock looked around, “yes, yes.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and removed the oxygen mask off himself. "What are you doing here, Mycroft?"
to, because if he did, he was resigning to put an end to everything, and he certainly didn't want that either.
And none of those compounds were the ones causing the current pain that was spreading throughout his body.
Sherlock rummaged for John's coat and took it off immediately. John gasped and pushed himself further towards the wall, Sherlock pressing his body against John's, desperate to find the warmth and comfort that only John could provide.
John and Sherlock stood silent as John colored the iris, he continued with the pupil, using a 4B pencil. It gave the perfect contrast between the light/dark blue of his eyes and the deep black of the pupil.
"John?", he asked, choking himself on such a simple, yet complex word.
John rubbed the back of his head awkwardly. “Yes, I know, but-”
"What makes you believe that you know me?"
“Saw what?”
“Why what? Why am I doing this or why did I take John Watson of all people?”
John nodded. Sherlock smirked.
But that was not how he was, he had come to learn throughout time that he was better off alone and that he actually didn’t
"Yes! Goodbye!" John said rushing towards the door.
"Drive faster."
“I suspected so. Because you got yourself a new addiction, didn’t you? A soldier, no less.”
Melissa took out her phone and typed. “That’s not a problem. Here’s the blog.”
"Oh yes! Harry loves that man!"
"Good." John said and then turned and kept walking. It was his payback. Sherlock had done that before.
"Sh-boom." Greg said smiling.
Too late now.
John returned the smile, “go on then,
“Sherlock?”
”, he asked what was on top of his mind.
Again, as the previous three days, he had to get ready quickly so he wouldn't miss the bus, because if he missed it, he had to walk, and if there was something worse than having to take the bus to school it was having to walk to school.
"I know. You're just about to get to the ambulance with him. He'll be taken to hospital and he will be alright. You both will."
Maybe he should just follow his therapist's advice and write on his blog once again. He stared at the last post, from over a year ago: "He was my best friend and I'll always believe in him."
“Ms. Adler.” Was all Sherlock could say.
badly. He approached to them, clinched his fists and lit up the cigarette without saluting them.
"Oh, you sit here? Apologies, I thought you sat right next to the teacher's side, you know to be his...
But eyes without Sherlock next to him giving him instructions were
Worry drew on her face, but she nodded.
“What’s that?”, John asked with a frown.
Lots of love!
John frowned. “Absurd?”, he asked. Had he gotten all of this wrong? Was Sherlock regretting what had happened between them? Didn’t he want this as much as he did? Sherlock had said that he didn’t care about feelings, for they were mere distractors, but John thought for a moment, for a single moment that perhaps,
"Her... Trying to be killed by your brother!"
I will be perfectly honest with you: from now on, it's all up to BBC Sherlock. I don't know if I'll be able to keep writing between episodes because I don't know in which state those episodes will leave me, so it all depends on the show: it might totally inspire every single neuron in my brain or it might leave me heartbroken and hopeless. The point I'm trying to make is: I might take a little break from updates while Sherlock airs, or I might not, but worry not, this little one will continue updating in 2017. <3
John must have noticed with that artistic sixth sense of his, because as he sat on the couch he said, "try living on an army pension".
"Yes, you're probably right." He said trying to hide the frustration he was feeling at that moment. "...But what if mom's right? What if I could never be a doctor? What if I could never save a life? What if it isn't what I want?"
John stared at him for a moment, his expression unreadable. Then he took Sherlock's arm, raised it to his lips and started to place feather-light kisses on the bruised skin.
not theirs. Live it how
It took him around ten minutes.
This update comes with two chapters. Enjoy <3
She shook her head. "No, you're right. You're right." First time they talked again since he called her an alcoholic.
And now I don't."
Sherlock had told him he loved him and he
John looked at him without saying a word. Finally he spoke again. "What has that to do with what I just told you?"
"I knew you hadn't forgiven that one! What was I supposed to do?" Sherlock said annoyed, throwing his hands in the air.
Mycroft's eyes hadn't moved from the book he was holding.
John smiled back at him. "That's the Sherlock Holmes I know".
Funny, that. Before, he wanted John to remember, now he was doing all on his will to make him
"Me? Yes, I'm fine. Perfectly fine. I need to see John."
“-what?”, John said, his voice above a whisper.
Lestrade exhaled loudly, clearly annoyed with Sherlock's attitude. He'd known him for too long, and it was still difficult to handle Sherlock on a tantrum. "I'll see myself out", he whispered as he walked towards the door.
“There you have your evidence: you only hear half of the story and that’s what you tell the rest of the world.”
Greg sighed. "Let him", was all he said to the paramedics.
"Hm?"
John looked down and stared at their hands for a moment. Sherlock did so too. They fitted perfectly, somehow. Sherlock wanted to draw them, right there and then.
Sherlock looked down, he then turned to look at John, his nostrils getting bigger and bigger. "What the fuck did I tell you? I TOLD YOU TO FUCKING STAY IN THE CAR!"
but he was brought to the place where he would have wished the least to have been brought to.
And standing in a narrow hallway, with dim light and dark walls, Sherlock couldn't help but think no one would ever relate this to an artist.
I PROMISE you that next chapter will be uploaded sooner than this one. I'm sorry for taking so long, this one was sooooo hard to write and uni's been draining me. I'm really really sorry, but hey! we're almost finished! Once again thank you so much for your support! I'm so glad you've enjoyed it so far!!! I can assure you you'll enjoy what's to come! x
"See? I wouldn't get the same view from down there. It's better from here, we're closer."
83 hours, and he really should stop counting.
Shakily, he opened the door.
He walked out of the Tate Modern, stepping over the crack on the floor. He rushed towards Baker Street.
Jim smiled widely when he saw Sherlock and he looked so calmed and cool and
First of all, were John and him a couple now? That didn’t make sense, Sherlock was never good at the couple things, but well, he hadn’t actually ever felt something akin to what he felt for John Watson ever before.
The greaser kept his eyes fixed on his desk.
Harry sat in the sofa while John made breakfast. In that moment Sherlock entered into the living room, yawning. He was in his dressing gown. He looked good. Harry looked at him and then she looked at John with a smile. She winked at him. He looked at her with a frown.
He went through the posts before that and after an hour of memories, he simply broke down. How could he ever write something that could compare to those text posts? He had lost Sherlock, and with him had gone all the adventures and the experiences and the laughter and the crimes and maybe he should go with him as well...
"How are your classes going?"
"...Yes Sherlock! You gave us your blessing to mess with the kiddo, now don't come here pretending to be his savior!" Sebastian yelled.
And she lifted her head. And she was crying. John had never seen his sister crying like that. It was alarming, and weird. She shook her head. "It's nothing, I'm fine."
"You don't look fine. Are you afraid of heights?"
Sherlock looked back down and opened the book once again.
He had to find him.
"You looked as if you had died- you were unresponsive, you would have died had I not found you there!"
"Just sit!", Sherlock commanded and with a sigh, John sat.
He placed another kiss on Sherlock's mouth, this one not so filled with desperation nor need, this one was tender, slow, exploring.
As they kissed, John's hand roamed down, slowly, oh so slowly, perhaps too slow, but Sherlock didn't care, he wanted to explore every inch, every trace, every pattern and every texture of John's mouth.
Somehow, that mix described perfectly how Sherlock saw classical music.
As soon as he walked towards him, John looked up at him and smiled in relief. “Where had you been?”, he whispered, looking a bit annoyed but it got mixed with his smile and Sherlock couldn’t quite tell if he was angry or happy.
"He is
"English! Oh, so, I guess I'll see you at lunch." Then Mike turned to say hello quickly to his other friends before turning again to John, still holding his friend's biology book. "Oh, come on, I'll help you take the books to the locker."
Irene took the driver's seat without asking Sherlock. She just turned to look at him and said, "Where to?"
"But you
*hides in a corner* Hello! I'm so, so sorry for taking so long to update this little one. Life has been...busy lately, to say the least. I want to thank you for your patience, and for your lovely comments, kudos and bookmarks. You've made my life brighter with all your wonderful responses and I hope you enjoy what's about to come.
"That's because you are a little crazy. And addicted to danger. And you know him better than everyone else. But, which sane person would?"
John came into the room, looking slightly worried. “Sherlock, are you okay?”
Sherlock froze right in place. So Mycroft did know what was wrong. "Tell me what happened to him." He asked seriously.
“Is there-”, he cleared his throat, “is there something wrong?”, he asked breathlessly.
Sherlock gasped when he heard the last word. "He what? Is he alright? Where is he? Why are they taking so long? I need to talk to the person in charge in here!" He said, looking around the room.
And then the world faded to black.
"What about the cut?"
greaser
He came closer to the greaser, took a deep breath and tried,
"I was taking your pulse", John whispered. "I couldn't find it. People were crowding you, pushing me away, and I felt nothing, no matter how much I tried, I couldn't."
And then he remembered.
"Please." John pleaded.
Greg took him and pushed him slowly back to his seat. "No way, you're staying Sherlock. Find me the criminal and I shall leave you in peace."
But, Sherlock would realise with a pang, he had chosen not to keep doing it.
John shook his head and looked down. He didn't want to look at Sherlock's face right now. "Don't. No you don't."
He said amused. "Is that how you see me?"
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, stunned. He blinked. “Did you just insult me?”
"What are you doing here, by the way? I told you, there's nothing criminal about this, hopefully."
“Van Gogh was slowly losing his strength, slowly losing his light, feeling lost and lonely and trying constantly to cope with depression. And he did
"Stop talking and let's go." He said trying to keep the same smile that drew on his face a moment earlier.
He stepped aside so John could walk into the hallway.
And symphonies.
He always reached the conclusion that no, he shouldn’t.
Stupid, all of that was so stupid.
After waiting for over an hour, John sighed and turned on the car and the radio. He put a classic music station. Beethoven. So much better than...whatever this music was. While listening to the tune, John wondered what exactly was going through his mind the moment he started having feelings for Sherlock. Because there was no point in denying it now. He definitely had them. But it was wrong and stupid and irrational and it was never going to happen again. Yes. John nodded convinced. He could get over this phase of stupidity.
Sherlock stood still, thinking. The spaces for the folders from the last three years were empty, they were in his possession. Well, in Scotland Yard’s possession, which meant that they were safe, and yet the killer had killed again. Had probably memorized the information or something of the sorts.
The greaser turned to look at Irene and smiled, a
Sherlock turned it on immediately and turned the volume up, as soon as he got to the rock n' roll station, he sighed and closed his eyes. John turned to look at him and smiled.
"Mr. Holmes. Thank you. You'll be hearing for me, I can assure you that". She leaned closer to him. John clenched his fists hard. She came closer. John clenched them harder. She kissed Sherlock in the cheek. John looked at them, fists clenched, face as red as it could be. Harry was making an "O" with her mouth. Sherlock's expression didn't change at all.
John’s smile vanished immediately. “Hm-”, he hesitated, turning to look at the pad he was carrying with himself, “Yes but-”
"I was worried about you. I heard about the fall. John must have been heart broken. I was. Then I found out it was all a lie. You are a master in tricking aren't you?"
"Because it's big."
“I’m not an idiot, Sherlock, contrary to what you believe. I knew you’d come back here on your own. I won’t allow it.”
"People might talk." John finished the sentence.
Sherlock frowned too. "Why what?"
"Don't mess with me, nerd!"
He opened his eyes and sat in his couch with a sigh. After everything that had happened this place felt even gloomier, more lifeless, as if it lacked the kind of light that Sherlock brought with himself.
Sherlock thought, not for the first time.
That was the truth.
They closed themselves in one of the examination rooms.
"That's because you haven't lived it." Then Sherlock sat straight and leaned to take a better look at John, which definitely unfocused him from the road. "You haven't lived at all, actually. Oh, sweet little sixteen."
Sherlock pushed past her and ran towards office 512. The elevator was too slow. Why was everything so slow today? The door was closed and Sherlock could tell just from looking at the windows of the entrance that it was all dark, the curtains closed, blocking the light of the sun.
John's memory was everywhere.
"Because... Just because! I don't trust him! I don't think he is a good influence in you! I don't know him enough, but I do know Jim and he is nothing but trouble! I imagine your greaser must be alike!"
Mrs Hudson threw her hand dismissively. "Don't be silly dear, no need to thank me, you know I do it with all my love... I just wish you would have taken at least a bite."
"Really?" Mycroft asked skeptically. He was silent for a moment and smiled once again. "Even John Watson?"
"Don't say that, don't give up when you haven't even begun to fight. I need you to be okay, Sherlock, I wouldn't deal losing you again, and I won't let that happen, but I need you to fight, I need you to find him, and I need you to defeat him and I'm saying it because I believe it. I believe you will, and I definitely believe in you. So don't give up, don't stop. Not ever, not for him, not for nobody."
reading his blog, his adventures were fantastic! His cases seemed a bit surreal, but I do believe they happened.”
to prove I could do it without hitting you or something."
"Yes! For breaking them!" Sherlock said and then bit his lip.
“Well, those were his orders, so we have to delete his blog.”
Sherlock looked around with a frown. He didn’t expect Lacuna to be
"Please don't tell her where I live, if she broke into a crime scene, she is brave enough to break into any place." Sherlock said trying to light the mood.
“I do think so. And I don’t say that to a big amount of people.”
"You. Brilliant you", was John's reply.
John nodded at him, still maintaining some cautious distance between them.
"...but then you came back, and things got better. I don't know what you did or how you did it, Sherlock, but he couldn't resist, he just couldn't, he missed it so much, he loved being back on the track again. He missed you. You changed him, and even though a part of me hates you for making him go through that hell during those two years, now you're back and my brother is happy and we talk again and it's all because of you."
Sherlock felt his knees weakening at John's words, at the implication behind them, at the hurt concealed beneath that sentence. He swallowed. "No. I'm not. John, it's me. I'm not dead, I'm here", this time he couldn't stop himself and he walked towards John, pointing at himself stupidly, as if that would make John see the truth.
John's eyes widened. "Oh, you saw?" He asked confused.
"Don't even try, Harry. I know you're avoiding me, and I know why." He said shaking his head.
While Sherlock stared at the mess and the ruins of the power station, he realized his left hand was shaking. Honestly, all of his body was shaking.
hesitated before replying. "Good night, Mr. Watson. My name is Sherlock Holmes." He said extending his right hand.
Hawthorne sighed and rubbed his eyes. "Two minutes."
"I won't go anywhere, Sherlock."
Sherlock cut him off. "It's not that I want to, but I don't have any other choice, right?"
"When did you break into his office?", Lestrade inquired.
"What?" Sherlock looked at him quizzically.
“For this
And Sherlock felt all the air leave his lungs.
“You can do so much better than this. You have the capacity, John. To say I’m disappointed is an understatement.”
"if the shoe fits, little brother."
Mrs Hudson asked curiously. "Oh you're welcome, no problem. So... How did you meet Sherlock, John?"
And then he remembered something that made his day even worse: the detention.
"Come on John! the weather is delicious!"
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "Excuse me?"
He shook his head. He hated it, but he looked so helpless, so desperate. "What are we doing?"
"How were you?"
*******
He didn't understand what was wrong, he had done worse, much worse before. This was a somewhat safe dosage. Well, considering how much he used to take before, this wasn't that bad. His body had grown used to morphine, he wasn't supposed to collapse, lest of all, to end up in a hospital.
Hawthorne said sitting up straight. "Well, these gentlemen were quite the pair, weren't they? An odd match, certainly, but seemed to work fantastically well together. That Holmes seemed like a proper genius, it's a shame he met that fate, but Dr. Watson certainly had to endure a very difficult loss. It's understandable, although I still have my doubts about the nature of their friendship. This is a wonderful blog, and I'm sorry but we have to delete it", Hawthorne remained quiet for a while but frowned, turning back to Melissa, "who on earth hasn't watched a Bond movie?"
flashed a smile. "Of course we can, of course."
Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes. "My brother, my parents are almost never home so he feels like the king of the house."
would happen?"
"Are you coming with us?"
John's mother turned to look at him and frowned, looking confused. John nodded. "Believe it or not, it's true."
“Of course I know that, you twat. The harder the pencil, the lighter the trace.”
"Surprise! That was supposed to be my surprise", he said.
He opened his mouth to speak. He found nothing but a tiny, uncertain and shaky whisper: "John..." was all he managed to say.
Seven pm on a Monday! He had homework to do! His parents thought he was just going to Chemistry club! Which was supposed to finish at four! How on earth was he going to explain them that he skipped the club to fill a detention he had gotten and then he spent the remaining hours with a boy who happened to be a greaser and also the one to blame for his detention? He better come up with an excuse and do it fast.
This wasn’t Melissa’s MO. This was not how she killed. She used a knife, but not a gun, never a gun. She used the gun as a tool for personal defense which meant that she wasn’t used to it.
"Harry!"- John's anger directed towards her.
“Tell me about Afghanistan.”
John frowned. “Who said I was talking about you?”
Sherlock walked towards the painting and looked at them.
Sherlock stood up and looked at Mycroft, defiantly. "Where is who? Are you out of your mind?"
“Hands are not static, John. Hands are pure movement and that’s where the biggest challenge is: position the fingers, the palms, the shadows so they reflect such movements”, Sherlock had gotten so close that he was almost whispering in John’s ear.
“Hey! It wasn’t a
"Homework is boring." Sherlock said still staring at the ceiling.
"Goodnight Sherlock! I bet you will have hell of a night."
Sherlock blinked and tore his gaze away. He cleared his throat. “Erm- well, the least I could do was inviting you for lunch as a way of thanking you. So-”
Wednesday couldn't come fast enough, Wednesday came too fast. No matter how much he tried, Sherlock didn't feel ready enough to talk to John again. He wondered if John himself felt ready, perhaps he didn't mind anymore, perhaps he did it so Sherlock would finally leave him alone, perhaps he did it so he wouldn't have to receive Sherlock at the ER with another overdose.
John scoffed. “Living the death. Funny phrasing. I guess I did. I still do. I feel dead.”
Sherlock sang opening his eyes and turning to look at John, who was staring at him with a frown and looking upset. As soon as the song was over, Sherlock straightened and looked at John expectantly. "Well?" "Well what?" John said seriously.
His first class was History. That didn't help. And the worst part of it is that John never felt as excited for having a class as much as he did with this one, even more than biology! And this class was boring, and he didn't really like history, but Sherlock made it so exciting, so fascinating, so mysterious. He realized this class was the highlight of his day, just because he got to see Sherlock.
"History. You?"
Perhaps it made sense. Didn't it? Or, perhaps Sherlock didn't speak loud enough, his voice had been a faint whisper. He covered the frown his face had done and tried it again, saying it more certainly, savouring the name as it came out of his mouth once more: "John."
"He won't talk to me! I'm serious about that Harry!"
The therapist noticed it too.
John smiled weakly. "Yes, that's right. Over..." He looked up to the ceiling, thoughtfully. "A year was it?"
John turned his head a bit so he could gasp for air and Sherlock took this as an opportunity to kiss John's neck, and in that moment, John pretty much lost it and felt his legs getting weaker and weaker.
John put his hand in his pocket and felt the paper Molly gave him earlier, and even though he didn't want to give it to him, he realized this was the only excuse he could find to actually talk to him.
"A woman was found dead in the Thames Dock, no signs of contusion. We couldn't find other trace of DNA, no fingerprints, anything. We don't have a clue. We talked to her family, she didn't have any known enemies. Oh, and there was a message written on his abdomen."
had done the class before.
Sherlock turned to looked at John but the boy seemed to be merged in thought. "Black Cadillac?" John asked, turning his head and looking at Sherlock questioningly.
"Liar." Sebastian said.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Do you realize you’re not the first
But there was a case that needed solving. And work came first.
John nodded. “221B Baker Street.”
John rolled his eyes. “I didn’t want to, anyway. Must be quite a boring palette.”
The reply came almost immediately.
“And?”, Sherlock felt his own hand trembling.
John shrugged. "Did they send you here?"
He threw the towel to the floor and stood awkwardly, looking around the room, uncertain of what he should do. Sherlock finally opened his eyes and stared at him. “What are you waiting for?”, he asked John as he moved aside and threw the duvet aside, invitingly.
“Oh, but it was a family emergency. I’m very sick!”, Sherlock coughed (a fake cough) with a smile on his face.
“So I’ll draw my eye, then?”, John asked, his voice quivering a little at first.
Then he turned to look at Sherlock. “Thought you’d get rid of me that easily huh?”, he said quirking an eyebrow.
She shrugged. “That’s what Dr. Watson said but I don’t believe much of it. You’ve seen patients come and go. Not a single one who didn’t have a romantic involvement.”
Sherlock looked at Greg with a frown. "John, help me out in here!"
At the sight, John couldn't help but lick his lips but Sherlock immediately shook his head, "no, no. Don't lick them, it'll take longer to heal."
John sighed, “for smudging, fading and creating shadows.”
"So, what is your first class today?"
“Quite so. Afghanistan or Iraq?”
And then his eyes widened.
. Pathetic. He was disappointed of himself. But now he had awoken. He had taken the veil off his eyes, he realized of how pointless it was falling for someone. Damn it, no. He didn't
“Dr. Watson, are you with us?” Hawthorne examined John carefully, his eyes fixed on John’s unresponsive face.
John smiled at her, and Sherlock didn't look up, he kept typing. "Hello, Mrs... Hudson, right?"
John was embarrassed, it was embarrassing, admitting that he was only human, with his flaws and his weaknesses. It was horrible. He never talked about it, why would he?
Sherlock laughed. "It's okay, they're nice."
Few minutes before they arrived back home, Harry blinked and started looking at her surroundings before yelling "THE FUCK?"
Bart’s?
He didn't turn. He kept walking, the hall seemed endless.
He stopped walking.
John handed him a glass of water one of the employees had just handed him. Sherlock didn’t remember when John had requested it. He took it all.
He looked over the books and smiled, passing one of them to his friend, standing in front of him. "Mike! Hello! How were your vacations?"
Melissa knitted her eyebrows together, trying to remember but after a while she simply sighed. “I’ve been here for three years, I- I can’t remember! It must have been like two years ago. Hawthorne treated her. Michael wasn’t working here yet, but he could have looked at the file at any moment.”
“Sherlock! I was about to phone you!”
"Oh no no no! Don't start lying to me, Sherlock. What about John?"
"Coffee it's fine."
An almost metaphorical representation of what Sherlock felt.
"Well, I met him this morning, and the man is an idiot! I think he finally found a place where he belongs! With that gang of brainless people!"
He stood silent. "Well, I don't know either. So it's better not to have friends and not mess up, right?"
"Sherlock wait!" Lestrade said, rubbing his nape.
“I started drawing again”, John said out of nowhere.
“Hm?”
John couldn’t explain, he felt his own brain freeing himself from all restraints, as if Afghanistan and the emptiness and his scar had only been a dream he had woken up from and used for a painting. He felt as if the gunpowder and the war and the sand and
Sherlock laughed, "Well, John, you always run that risk. I promise that I won't be too harsh on you this time."
Sherlock needed a distraction, and he needed it immediately, before he’d lose his mind going over and over and over the same thing.
Sherlock smiled a bit.
Sherlock closed his eyes. "I hope so too."
"Hello to you, Lestrade."
"What would that be?"
John looked annoyed for a second before talking.
He was supposed to be angry at him, after what had happened in the record store, but in the moment he saw him getting down the police patrol, the surprise and the shock after the bullets was bigger than his anger.
He wished he could know how to stop being so stupid and start thinking clearly. His brain had stopped being logical since that first time he kissed Victor Trevor, so many years ago. He regretted it, in so many ways. He regretted everything that happened after it of course, but none of it would have happened had he been strong enough to simply back down, to say 'no', to toss away whatever feelings he had for Trevor and continue with the perfectly rational life he had been living up until that moment.
"We are not leaving!"
John turned his back against Sherlock and walked towards the window. He leaned his forehead against the glass as if it was the only thing that was capable of holding him.
Sherlock broke the silence. "Tea?" He said, moving towards the edge of the chair as if he was about to stand up.
Sherlock simply stared at him, feeling the tears slowly crawling down his cheek. He allowed them. He had held back too much, there were far too many demons arresting him, capturing him, claiming everything he was and everything he would ever be, standing in his and John’s way. There was a heavy, heavy silence, interrupted only by the sound of their breathing.
“Anything. Everything. Things that smell good, things that make me feel good, aromatherapeutic oils, soaps that won’t irritate my skin, a natural lip balm, natural toothpaste, maybe a new shampoo.”
Terina arrives, rushed and out of breath. “Oh, good, I was so afraid I would be late, and miss the start. How are you all this morning?”
Honey spurting out, honey spurting out
i. Press your lips ever-so-lightly to John's, then brush your lower lip across both his lips, preferably in the crease where they meet
They piled into Mr. Watson’s truck, Mrs. Hudson in the middle, her feet barely reaching the floor, and set off toward the Watson’s. Mrs. Hudson chattered about the weather for the short drive, and a few minutes later they were seated at the Watson’s table, waiting for Mrs. Watson to stop fussing around the kitchen and sit down with them so they could eat. She’d made a pot roast with roast potatoes, parsnips, carrots, and pearl onions, and a brown gravy with mushrooms that Sherlock wanted to drink straight out of the gravy boat.
.” She has tears in her eyes. “Do you remember, my child?”
“No, it’s not that. It’s a lot, though. Until this morning I didn’t know I’d even be seeing you.”
Around him Mrs. Hudson hustled and bustled, drying what he washed on a dishtowel with faded honey bees scattered around the edges. She chattered away, mostly about small town gossip, and when everything was back in its place, she grabbed a lemon bundt cake from the fridge, slipped into her coat, and told Sherlock not to wait up for her.
“Godliness. Cleanliness is next to ‒
“Fuck. You feel so good. Tell me this is okay for you, or I’ll stop.”
, and the sound is pink and purple and orange and red.
“That I can do.”
“To respect, pride, and love, then.”
is so much better.
"In fact, she had gone to their secret place and discovered the tooth among the feathers and shells and bones they’d collected. And she took it."
Sherlock twitched, his awareness trudging up from an underwater-like stillness. “Hello.”
His phone burped.
“Ah. You haven’t heard, then?”
“Hey, tiger?”
“That’s okay. You can shop on our website, and we ship anywhere.”
I must admit I believed this would never happen
At its most basic, he knew, chemistry was the process of creating something new from two or more existing elements. You could mix two different elements to disastrous results, or mix two different elements and create something truly special. But in doing so, he knew, you lost the properties of each original element.
Sherlock opens his eyes and leans against his beloved. “Whom would you mate with?”
“We aren't old. I'm only sixty-five.”
“I don’t see that there’s really anything to talk about, John. It would appear that you’ve already done all the talking for me.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “It’s pretty straightforward, don’t you think?” He waved the note in front of him and read aloud. “‘You have a date with death.’ It’s short and sweet and the person who left it clearly intends for James to die. Tell me everything about this, James. Tell me where you found it, what time it was, where you’d been beforehand, everything.”
"Oh, not much. We discussed the size of the huddle, the importance of community, things like that."
“You said
“And I hate to tell you this, but we have to get out of bed, clean up, and get dressed, because it’s 6:40 and Mrs. Hudson said dinner is at 7:00.”
Sherlock and John stand next to each other, not moving, not talking, not looking. When John does speak, it’s to say, “All right then. Good stuff. Good stuff. See you tomorrow?”
“I, um, I stabbed that
Erebus nods.
“He said that he knew he hadn’t known me long but thought he had a pretty good sense of my character and abilities, or something like that, and that in light of my quest for a new career direction I should consider calling this number. I thanked him. That’s it.”
“I hope it will be. Listen, Anahera, the things I’m going to say today, some of them, I think they will be of interest to you and Tui, on a personal level. And I want you to know that just because I haven’t already shared them with you doesn’t mean that I haven’t wanted to, or that I wouldn’t have trusted you.”
“Yeah, I'll read it.”
. Let’s go in there.” Stepping out of the cold and into the overheated store, Sherlock stopped in his tracks and let out a low, “Ohhh,” that, until that moment, John had only ever heard from him in bed.
“James sounded pretty frustrated, to be honest."
“So what, then? You’re Calvin, and I’m your trusty sidekick, Hobbes?”
Sherlock found John’s mouth near his ear, John’s head dipped low, his forehead pressed into Sherlock’s mess of curls. They brought their open mouths together, breathing hard into each other, thrusting tongues and licking lips, unable to sustain the kiss as their bodies clenched and raced toward release.
“Mine.”
“Both chemically and biologically, there are ways in which one can expedite the regeneration of damaged tissue and organic matter.”
Sherlock let himself be held. He wriggled and squirmed until he had his head tucked under John’s chin and resting on his shoulder. His chest was pressed to John’s bare side and despite the fact that he was wearing his long pants, he had one leg flung over both of John’s. Technically, he figured, he was touching John and not the other way around. John was warm, so warm, and so solid. The sheets were a tangled mess over them, wrapping them in the middle of the big bed. He wasn’t used to this, this snuggling, but he had to admit, being this close to John after such an intimate experience was extremely appealing. He took a deep breath and used the exhale to let all of his assorted body parts relax against his husband.
“It needs a star, though,” Sherlock said, bending down and picking through the empty bags as if a tree-topper might magically appear.
“John. I don’t even want to kiss anyone else let alone some of the things we’re talking about.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Leave it to Alice to give you my life story.”
“Nothing. Stay still. Stay ‒ oh, like that, let me ‒ yes, oh my God, yes.”
This article,
The one on the right was the same size and colour, their names written in the same calligraphy, side by side, connected by an ampersand. The address, though, was this new one, for this house, with its hives, and its one bedroom. The postmark was crisp, the stamp a new honey bee edition. The return address was fondly familiar:
“You feel amazing,” John whispered in his ear. “Is it okay if I move?”
"A non-peng language? Yes. Maybe scraping, too?"
Ahahah YESSSS.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock felt John go even harder against his tongue. He pulled off and wrapped his fist around John's wet shaft, pumping short, hard strokes over the frenulum and head, and John pushed his foot against the side window, leveraging his lower half off the floor, gut clenched, chasing his climax.
At the end of our last chapter, John and Sherlock had just had spectacular sex and were feeling emotional about leaving Chicago the next day. They'll have to say goodbye and return to their respective schools in eleven days. Sherlock tells John that he has an idea, and he's going to tell him about it over pizza in bed.
“What?” Sherlock says this one word alone, says it softly, says it with a sense of wonder.
Rudy held out his hand and Kevin grabbed it, letting himself be led away. He briefly glanced at Sherlock and John, then looked again, eyes going wide with recognition. “Oh, my God. Sherlock?” He didn’t wait for an answer before engulfing Sherlock in a tight hug, patting him on the back, and ruffling his hair.
“Sex stuff? Like what kind of sex stuff, Sherlock?”
John and Sherlock continue to stare while the pengs around them coo their congratulations. Sherlock looks at John. John looks at Sherlock.
“Sure, after I convinced them I wasn’t actually in cahoots with the guy, and pointed out all the clues they never would’ve found on their own.”
“Perfect. Shall we do it?”
smart. I think I’ll keep him.”
“It’s bigger than I realized,” John said, snipping the twine that held the branches tight. “Maybe I should’ve bought something smaller.”
“Won’t take a tick, Sherlock. There is something you can do for me, though. There’s a stack of newspapers sitting on the floor near the kitchen door. Could you take that out to the recycling bin for me?”
“Coffee’s in the kitchen. Go grab a cup if you want.” Greg gestured over his shoulder with his free hand, then settled back against the cushions and against Kevin’s arm.
“God, yes, please.”
“And we both appreciate your focus, but nothing is going to happen for at least another day or two, if not longer, and you can’t not eat or drink until then. Plus, after this we’ll go on that hike we talked about, so you’ll need some energy.”
“Could the note have been placed there by one of his staff?” John asked.
“But it will be official. Everyone will know.”
John lies on his stomach at Sherlock's side, his bill tapping against the slick surface of ice. Sherlock picks up on the pattern right away, and feels a flood of affection at John's need to
Sherlock pushed away from the truck and paced back and forth in front of John. “Well, it's not like we've talked about it. And your mom is probably right about you being chased all over campus,” he said, waving his hands in the air as if to indicate some flurry of flirtation and pursuit.
“Come on, you. Time to eat. I packed some things I think you’ll like.”
___ Foreign Languages for Foreign Lands (pg 4)
"Not their business." John reaches for his tea, no longer steaming, and takes a long draw. Thunks it back down. Shakes the paper.
A drop of water lands on his head, then his bill. When the next drop lands on his neck, he understands. His body heat is melting the ice around him. Not only did he stay warm through the night, but he has melted a peng-size indentation into the area around him. He wiggles, and water sloshes up around his sides and under his wings.
“You’re trying the espresso today. Coffee pot still broken?” John asked, immensely pleased that Sherlock had forgone his first order (Big, black, two sugars) to chat John up at the bar. It was a good sign. In fact it was a
"Rumba," Sherlock had panted.
Mrs. Hudson took the laundry basket out of Sherlock’s hands and said, “Enough. You’ve been working like a dog since the moment you got home this morning. Go unpack your bags, settle in. I’ll make a fresh pot of coffee and heat up some supper, shall I?”
Traffic was light, and in no time they were in Boystown and looking for parking on the side streets off Broadway, as close to their hotel as possible. Twenty minutes later, they were still looking.
, and
“John, I could probably come right now just from you looking at my cock.” He pulled his knees back and watched John’s chest rising and falling, took in the complete mess of his hair, his flushed cheeks. His pubic hair was damp from their precome, and his legs were shaking. He was radiating heat, and was slick with sweat, and Sherlock could smell the tang of his armpits and the musk of his groin.
“But what would that mean?” John looked back and forth between them.
“Please, call me John.”
Sherlock feeds Erebel again, then encourages her to go back to sleep. The others are tired, as well, from their journey home, and from the excitement of Erebel's arrival. They say their goodnights and proceed to the huddle, looking forward to a night's sleep in the wings of their loved ones.
(See the end of the chapter for
On the other side of the window screen, the moon shone bright on four hundred and sixty acres of corn and soybeans.
Sherlock bumped John out of the way so he could meet their server at the cash register. “Don’t worry. You’ll live. You’ll probably eat at least half of mine, too. But not until after dinner.”
“I want you to see it, too.”
Sherlock's hands slipped over John's wet skin, making it difficult to hold on. He grabbed onto John's shoulders and groaned as the increased leverage drove him faster, harder, into John.
“I know, love. I'm sorry.”
Sherlock didn’t even try to process John emailing Mycroft, and Mycroft responding. That was for another time.
He has gained height over the summer, but is not as full as John across the chest or belly. He is almost entirely crisp white, dark grey, and smooth black, having lost all his soft grey chick fuzz. He has not gained the yellow plumage of adulthood, nor has his underbill taken on its eventual stripe of vivid colour. His eyes are slanted up more than John’s, giving him a thoughtful, serious expression. Interesting, but ultimately, not important. John likes him as he is.
Sherlock thought to himself.
“What do you want to do today?” John’s voice was a croaking drawl, words barely slipping past his lips.
“I love your fantasies.”
“No.”
“BOYS! COME GET BREAKFAST!” Hudi screeches at them.
John thumped his head against the mirror behind him and reached for the handrail. He shook his head back and forth and rolled his shoulders, not unlike a boxer dancing into the next round. Stepping out behind Sherlock, he dug into his pocket and retrieved the card. Sherlock was already pacing in front of the door by the time he got there.
They walked around the piece of art slowly, stopping every few feet to look at something new. The mosaic depicted six different Chicago scenes, each laden with themes of the seasons, relationships, and nature. There were flowers, sunbursts, lovers, travelers, fish, birds, boats, babies, skylines, and all manner of people going about their daily business. Primary and secondary colors mingled and burst on the flat surfaces, brilliant yellows surrounding vivid greens, rich reds floating around seas of blues.
SHERLOCK: Oh my gods you're so ignorant. Anyway, let me tell you what happened the last time John met a skua. So we were pengsitting and—
"Based on his proclivity for healing I'd say he's looking for something he requires for a poultice or balm."
“C’mere, lean down,” John panted, so Sherlock put his hands on John's chest, and John put his hands around Sherlock's waist, and began thrusting up into the rhythm Sherlock set, his thighs slapping against Sherlock's ass each time he drove up and in.
“Tell me what I just said.”
“God, yes.”
John is definitely awake now.
“Yeah, I'm fine. I like this, being here with you, doing regular things with you. I like standing in the kitchen, drinking out of the same container, knowing how much butter we each like. No one at school knows how much butter I like or that I prefer whole milk over skim, or that I like the way Tide smells, or which way I angle my pillow when I go to sleep.”
John blinks at him, slowly at first, and then faster, and his brow draws down between his eyes, which are beginning to squint. “Oh, no. No. You are not doing this alone, Sherlock. No. I don’t care how we manage it, but you are not doing this on your own. Do you hear me?”
"Oh good, I found you, I figured you'd be near the front. Oh, hello ma'am, my mom said to say hello, so, yeah, hello."
“You're right, it's not. I'm going to estimate approximately five thousand blow jobs.”
Winter chases the colony back to Pobeda, and another emperor cycle begins. Sherlock watches carefully, having missed this stage of Pobedan life the winter before. Some couples call to each other to make official what they have known for a long time; others call for the first time not knowing who, if anyone, might call back.
“Fascinating.”
"If you say so, penggit. Come on, I told Anahera and Tui we'd go for a walk this morning."
Mycroft leads the discussion with a brief overview of the last three days. They have reviewed the legend several times, scouring it for any fresh detail. They each know the story inside and out by now, but have garnered nothing new.
“Hey, this isn’t on you alone, okay? I wouldn’t be surprised if you solved it first but there’s a whole team of detectives and police working on it, too. And he won’t stay forever. Even I have my limits.”
Sherlock knew that John’s mother had already put out everything they would need in the small family room that she sometimes referred to as ‘the parlor,’ but he didn’t say anything as she bustled around pulling out more cherry-themed dishes, cloth napkins, and silverware. John brought out some coffee cups and put one in front of each setting, then went to put the coffee pot on a trivet at the center of the table.
“C’mon. Up.”
John swam closer. Their legs bumped and tangled, and Sherlock threw his arms out, wider, to keep from going under. John’s eyes held his, looking for a response, but Sherlock could only stare back, absorbing all the details of John, this close. Variations of color in John’s eyes, and the individual hairs of his eyebrows, and the creases in his lips. There was stubble coming in on his chin and jaw.
“Haddock, potato, and onion soup. You’ll love it.”
“Doesn’t matter. You're art. Your cheekbones, your eyes, your nose.”
Sherlock did as told, and smiled when he felt John’s weight settle over the back of his thighs. John trailed caresses over his shoulders and back, up into his hair, down the backs of his arms. If not for the presence of John’s erection pressing between his legs, he might have drifted off to sleep.
“We can do that.”
John repositioned his knees and pushed in a fraction more, and Sherlock took a breath and exhaled, and John kept going, still watching Sherlock.
Sherlock moved on to one of the urinals, did his business, and inspected his reflection in the mirror as he scrubbed his hands. He dried his hands, did one last inspection, and was headed for the door when it hit him.
“She was only, what, six months old?”
If Sherlock hadn’t already been in love, he’d have fallen like a ton of bricks in that bathroom.
And so, the wedding planning went on, and Sherlock gleaned what he could about his husband-to-be, but was less forthcoming with information about himself. What was there really to tell, he thought to himself, other than the most important bits that John already knew? Sherlock had gone to the best grammar schools and colleges, had studied postdoctoral chemistry at Cambridge, and then fashioned himself into a consulting detective for New Scotland Yard.
Yeah of course, he’d be laughing at himself too.
Before even looking at the photograph, John looked at the date. This newspaper was from
"But, teacher! Holmes is..." He turned again to look at his desk, but Sherlock's feet were no longer there, so there was nothing to be said. The greaser smiled at John's reaction.
"Oh, John! Is so great to see you again!" Mrs Hudson greeted him effusively as soon as she opened the door. She hugged him tightly and it should have been awkward but it really didn't feel weird at all.
Mrs Hudson chuckled. "Anyway, I'll bake you a pie. Do you like pies, John?" She said, looking at the smaller boy.
you."
John smiled a bit. "Time flies, doesn't it?"
“Yes. I’m sure. I’m a doctor. I can take care of him.”
John turned to look at him.
John was startled for a moment, then looked right next to Molly and realized: Molly's friends were sitting with them too, so now there were five boys on the table, and four girls. Well, that was a first for Mike's friends and himself. "Hi Molly, how are you? Um- I'm sorry. I had been- busy." He looked instinctively to the door.
He probably shouldn't be doing it, he knew it was wrong, but he
"Only what was necessary, Sherlock."
"What? Since when?"
Which was confirmed by the sleepiness he felt on the cab. He leaned his head against the window and tried best as he could not to close his eyes. Then he realized that John hadn’t said a word since they had gotten in.
One afternoon, while John watched crap telly and Sherlock stood still on the bed, pretending he was thinking, he finally decided to speak up.
-----------------------
“Obviously”.
"What?" Sherlock looked confused at Greg without slowing his pace.
“Hm?”
Sherlock was taking his cup of tea in silence, but not taking his eyes off John.
Disgusting. He hated who he was.
There was an intimate silence around them. Far too intimate. Intimate like the kind of silence after sharing a deep and important secret, or intimate as when couples stared at each other after saying ‘I love you’, when they were both too overcome with feelings and utter love to express it aloud. It was intimate in a way John had never felt before, and he was surprised, to say the least.
"Will I have any sequels?"
And it wasn’t difficult to determine to who they belonged.
"How is Doctor Watson?"
"John!" No response.
"I have to take lunch."
"Fine." John replied, looking unaffected, but he kept hiding his tremor.
He looked just like the kind of people he wanted to paint.
“Please”, John whispered.
Sherlock looked at it. There was nothing unusual about it, or it didn’t seem to be. “Wh-what?”
Sherlock remained silent, he had already said too much anyway.
It was far easier with the aid of morphine.
And in any other moment, in any other place, in any other situation, the Greaser would have replied something different, but in that instant, as some greasers passed by and looked at John frowning, Sherlock just managed to say: "Whatever. Believe what you like."
John's attention turned to the two men in front of him.
They looked recent, very recent. John didn’t know much on the subject, never felt particularly inclined to try them although they were quite popular amongst the artists, but he could recognize that they were not simply scars. They were marks, recent marks.
Sherlock looked at Greg and extended his hands. "Give me your keys."
And the thing he hated the most about it was that it had
"Turn the car off, John." Mycroft said in a voice fine that alarmed the boy. So he did.
John wondered what he saw as he looked at his body. He wondered if Sherlock could see a musical composition as scarred and marred and broken as his own body. He wondered if Sherlock could find perfection somewhere along that place.
, Sherlock thought.
"You can work it out. You're as clever as it gets."
"What's the address of the apartment?" John inquired.
"You know what? do as you wish, if you want to take it, take it, I don't care."
"I don't believe you." Jim said shaking his head. "You know what I think? I think you're desperate for attention, for being
"Do I get you anything to drink?" The waitress asked again.
The next morning, Sherlock was awaken by the ringing of his phone. Well, not exactly the ringing, the woman's tone. He opened his eyes immediately. "
Sherlock loved mental puzzles.
He pulled himself together, ran a hand through his hair and fixed his glasses, which had moved from their usual place with John's burst of anger. "Now, I have to go. I have Chemistry Club. See you on Monday, right?"
"It didn't seem like it."
John grabbed a pillow and threw it at him. It smacked on Sherlock's face.
"Shit", Greg muttered under his breath as he stopped in front of Sherlock's slumped body.
But he was eager to do.
in case you feel like talking! ;)
"Are you even listening to me?" Harry looked at John curiously.
John raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything else. He was starting to get to know Sherlock and he recognized a lost cause when he saw one. If Sherlock didn’t want him to see the paintings, he wouldn’t see the paintings, simple as that.
There is no comeback for him. He knew it. It was not meant to happen. He lost it, he lost it all. Sherlock could bring the spark back into his life, his illusions and hopes and ideas and inspiration, but he certainly could not bring his talent back. Society had too many expectations set on him, and after the painting that made it to the Tate came…nothing. Nothing at all. It’s been ten years and still…nothing. Death and pain and loss but no new paintings. He was ethereal, instantaneous, removable, disposable, forgettable. And it hurts him and it kills him to think about it. When he was young he used to think it’d be nice if humanity would remember him, or if at least one decent human being would remember his legacy, but now he knows he’s condemned to be forgotten, to die, to rot in the past, in the shining of greater times, of the time that never was. We all live and we all die. It was unbearable to think that he’d die in everyone’s memories as well.
Slowly, he took Sherlock’s hand and dragged it towards his trousers. Sherlock licked his lips eagerly.
He had suffered.
John realized that Sherlock was looking at him expectantly and he hadn't answered yet. The greaser let out a sigh. "Look, I told you I
"Right" Greg said sounding not very convinced.
No it wasn’t. John was the one who had made that choice.
high price. Thankfully, no one had made an offer yet.
He looked down and sighed in defeat. The painting came back to his mind.
"Of us?" John asked before he was able to stop himself, feeling a knot on his throat.
Sherlock took his violin and started playing it, trying to give Mycroft a very clear message: he was unwelcome. After a time he realized it was pointless, so he just stood looking at the window while his brother remained silent. "Where is John by the way?"
John then verbalized warmly, “You are also humble and wise, never hesitating to offer a tender ear when someone needs to rant or talk, without judgment or condition.  You are open and welcome all people, and you always do your very best to play a peacekeeper and welcome all opinions and different views.  You unite everyone through your gorgeous masterpieces and good-natured cordiality.”
The doctor nearly didn’t even feel the tiny paws and feet climbing discreetly underneath his jacket until he heard the mice, Basil and Dawson, whisper into his ears, partially hidden under his coat collar.
Bronx then lunged for the wolf’s throat.
John was right: Steven radiated heat like a furnace.
Bucky was beyond furious as he used his metal arm to block the bullets aimed at his head.
Everyone, from John to Lestrade to each Met officer within hearing range slowly turned their gaze to Sherlock with various ranges of shock, wonder, and confused disdain.  Even Anthea couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow.
John felt the memories of Saint Barts rush into his head, the agony, the haunting pain and loss, the infinite times John flashed back and wondered what he could have done differently…
Directly in the living room of 221B Baker Street.
“Do you, Steven Grant Rogers, take – ah, screw it.  If you’ll love Barnes despite the whole Winter Soldier shit, then you’ll love him
All Bucky had to do was imagine Sherlock’s face and head on each Hydra foot-soldier right before he slaughtered them; it was actually
” growled Lestrade, fighting the urge to throttle Sherlock, “Where’s John?!  I can’t see him!”
In unison, they all looked down again at the husk of Moriarty’s corpse amid the lake of pink gore (that looked quite similar to the pink meat-slime substitute).
John raised his head a bit in concern as he asked, “Sherlock.  Love.  You're awfully quiet.  Everything all right?”
The answer was automatic from John and Bucky.
“Make me, you Hydra Bicycle!”
“Tell Rocket that if he continues to fail to adhere to my generous and reasonable entreaty, I will see to it that he will be neutered like the vermin he is,” Mycroft said calmly as he poured a generous amount of liquor in a tumbler glass.
Prince John saw the Courtyard Gates, the front entrance left wide open and the drawbridge down.  Taking his chances and seizing the largest sack of gold he could possibly carry and sling over his shoulder, the lanky and scraggy lion went sprinting towards the exit and abandon.
Sherlock frantically scanned John’s labored breathing in shuddering gasps, unwilling to crawl despite no apparent blood or injuries on his body, his forehead starting to bead with sweat, and the fact that John’s left hand was tremoring madly, fingers unconsciously twitching against the concrete as he hacked with gritted teeth…
“Steve…” whispered Bucky, grabbing his friend’s face gently before ripping the cloth gag out of Steven’s mouth.  Steve gasped greedily for air as Sherlock gracefully unlocked the power dampener collar and off Steven’s neck with the keys he stole before dragging away the vest of explosives.  With a snap of his metal fingers, Bucky tore through the restraints binding Steve’s hands behind his back.
“Bronx!  Stop!  Down!
” the lion whined as he began sucking on his thumb.
stands up to fucking object, I will
Vests of
Steve then declared, “Only a few of us could make it, unfortunately.  The whole thing with intergalactic invaders and crises across the globe kind of makes it a little tough to gather everyone together.  But at least we got Doctor Strange’s Cloak and Groot and Rosie to help honor today and be in the audiovisual as our present to you.”
Bucky smiled, daring.
“I am now committing that nickname to memory:
Basil coughed resolutely before straightening out his deerstalker and offering out a minuscule hand towards DI Lestrade, announcing boldly, “Greetings, my good fellow.  Detective Inspector, are you not?  My name is Basil of Baker Street, and this is my partner, Major David Q. Dawson.”
“‘P.S. – And to answer your question, yes, I am in a threesome with Sherlock’s Belstaff and John’s Christmas jumper.  We do it twice on Sundays.”
But from said Consulting Detective…
” gasped said alien in outrage.
“Will this be over soon?” Sherlock grumbled to Steve, rolling his eyes.
“…um…doesn’t yelling at each at the top of your lungs kinda defeat the purpose of sneaking into a Hydra base in the first place?” Hydra Bob asked tentatively.
Meanwhile, Mycroft Holmes, Fury, and Phil Coulson were standing in a circle around the remains of Jim Moriarty’s body with Lestrade, Detective Inspector Dimmock, and Sally Donovan of Scotland Yard and Phillip Anderson in a crude circle not too far away from the cells where John Watson and Steven Rogers were held captive.
“Not that I’m not glad for the opportunity to see if John and Captain America are all right,” Dimmock voiced slowly, still trying hard to not break his resolve to not tear his gaze away at the mess on the floor, “But why are we here again?”
“Like Hell!
“Sherlock, when did you and John have…those things?” Lestrade asked as he broke the silence, staring bugged-eyed at the two weapons.  Sherlock did not answer, frowning, as he rudely ignored the Detective Inspector while analyzing the strange apparatus and silently going over the possibilities of the significance of these peculiar weapons emerging immediately after the strange foray with the Heartless.
“Groot, call Mycroft and have him help dispel the situation,” Steve commanded gently.
- living a boring-ass life in the middle of nowhere, making sure your little guy doesn’t get anywhere near a plane without a parachute or get into a fight he’s too stupid to run away from without backup?”
No one (not even Tony Stark) decided to tempt it.
Bucky wasn’t sure if he was going to break down and sob or punch Steve right then and there…
The Sheriff continued speaking but John couldn’t and didn’t hear the smug wolf, although given how Robin’s eyes were narrowed and his fur was bristling, hackles raised, it wasn’t anything good.  The blood was roaring too loudly in his ears.
“Piss off…” chorused both Sherlock and John Watson, and Robin Hood finally cracked a smile.
“You were missing for two days…” John began.
The four men placed the rings on each other’s fingers before they kissed deeply, enjoying the cool and electrifying sensation of each other’s lips.  John and Sherlock embraced, with Sherlock enveloping John’s shoulders while John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.  Steve actually dipped Bucky a bit in his brawny arms while Bucky caressed Steve’s chest underneath the tuxedo.
The screaming stopped.
Basil gently tugged on the end of John’s hair at the back of his neck, uttering urgently, “Hiro, Scrooge, and Jim are about to cause a distraction.  You and Robin must be ready when the ruckus starts, all right chap?  We
“Are those…
“What has Sherlock and James Barnes done
Lestrade rolled his eyes and sighed with fatigue, but nodded.
On the other end, Coulson sighed and wondered if there was any vodka left in his desk.
that's exactly how you feel and that's exactly what you wanted to hear. And I'm saying it, I'm unveiling it."
John nodded. “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
person would want to date him?" She pointed at the bedroom, and John paced hurriedly towards it, just to make sure Sherlock was still sleeping. Yes, he was in a deep deep sleep, god, he looked fantastic. John went back to the living room and looked at Harry with a frown. "I want to."
And so he held him, he held him, he held him, until the sobbing subsided. Until John stopped shaking and panting, until he seemed like he had gained all the composure he had lost.
John was. The smell coming from the kitchen told Sherlock he was.
"Then what are you doing here?"
Sherlock.
Lestrade opened his mouth and closed it, at a loss of what to say to that.
No need to bombard him with questions.
"John", Sherlock said and he sounded almost choked, because John was aware, because John was here, John recognised him.
Oh no. He’d said it aloud again. He really had to stop those stupid impulses of saying whatever he thought.
space.
Mycroft joined his fingertips and placed them just below his chin, apparently this was a gesture common in all the Holmes. He stood there thinking, his brother was next door excited like a kid in Disney World, counting the hours to find a man who wouldn’t recognize him anymore.
His mind was wandering once again, he was losing his grip on the shadows and proportions. He couldn’t allow that.
"No, we're not going to the police station." He said looking through the window. "Turn in here."
As soon as they finished talking, Dimmock returned to the house. Sherlock looked at John and then turned and walked towards the door. John grabbed him by the arm. "Sherlock! We
Mycroft placed a hand on his shoulder and pushed him back, forcing him to stop moving. "He is in a good condition. He was asked to stay to have some rest. He was worn out when you were brought to the hospital."
John barely touched his food, he wasn't hungry anymore, the anger was bigger. Somehow, sitting there just made things worse, he couldn't stop thinking about the fight, he was so hurt.
"Great. See you in detention. Now go to class." Hikes said with authority and started walking back towards the building. Sherlock followed him with a sigh. How many more things today could possibly go wrong?.
"I wanted to thank you
At the mention of the name, Clara flinched a little, but Irene didn't seem to notice. Sherlock tried to maintain his face still, but he couldn't deny the mention of the Watson name brought him many memories.
(See the end of the chapter for
His mouth was closed. He hadn’t said it. Thank God he hadn’t, he had embarrassed himself enough. He felt the need to say something anyway.
******
The same back that had held a rigid and military posture as it stood in front of a cold, empty grave was now hosting the need of Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock held John with all his will. Or John held him. He couldn’t tell.
“Huh?”
That hope, however, eventually vanished.
"We have had enough fights." He said seriously.
greaser
was there and that was all that mattered.
“Well, it depends on what you define as
"Why would you pick on him if he is a good student and doesn't do any harm to anyone?"
greaser
"You? Why are you sorry?" The greaser said confused.
"But you need it."
Sherlock smiled. "All the trouble you put me into..." He said sarcastically.
Sherlock's face lit up. "Are you sure?"
"What?"
“Oh, I insist”, she said, taking the lid off the gun.
"Well, think of something." John had reminded himself again to be patient, but God, it was hard being patient with this boy.
John looked up, confused. “What?”
Sherlock was about to get out of the dining room when Mycroft cleared his throat. He stopped and turned back rolling his eyes. "Thanks for dinner, Mrs Hudson." He said with a small smile. Then he turned to look at Mycroft. "Happy?"
“You know it’s true”, Sherlock said, allowing the tears to fall on his face freely. “You know all of this was one huge mistake. Another one of my failures, another one of my miscalculations, because lately I don’t know anything else. I should have never walked in on you at that café, never attempted any form of contact. I’m sorry, for being so selfish, for not thinking about you, about what I was doing to you. I’m sorry, John.”
As he sat on his own, in Baker Street, on his chair facing the chair thatu sed to be John's, he put his hands under his chin and started thinking about what Lestrade had told him.
A moment later, an arm wrapped around him and he felt the energy and the warmth radiating from his back. And he leaned against that source of energy, that source of light.
John and how... You held his hand and kissed him..."
John moved his hands through the air, "All of this!
Sherlock smiled and cleared his throat. "Look, John. About my brother."
"Do whatever you want." He said in an awful tone. "Do
"Her ex-fiancé!", Sherlock exclaimed out of nowhere, making Lestrade jump.
She looked down. "He had a very serious headache but didn't pay any attention to it. I asked him if he wanted to get a replacement but he refused, I asked him to eat but he didn't and in the end it was all too much so he collapsed."
But I only realized of that when it was too late.”
Sherlock stood silent. Was he really looking so miserable?
She looked at him astonished, trying to hold the tears that were forming in her eyes and didn't say a word. She opened the door and got out of the car, closing it violently. The sound made John shudder as he turned the car on again.
"We will keep you monitored. The Naloxone managed to counter rest the amount of morphine in your body, meaning that it got to stop its effects, but since your body had received the morphine, is now requiring more of it. We will treat you through the withdrawal."
He took a chair and sat in front of the white canvas he had set up in front of a tripod, grabbed a charcoal and started drawing.
Sherlock sighed with relief, but he could feel the concern in Lestrade’s voice.
Mycroft spoke very, very lowly. "Are you sure about that?"
"Hm."
Sherlock shrugged. “I want you to use them in this class. Right now. You have got two- erm, no, one almost perfectly drawn eye and another that could hardly be called an eye but it’s an- effort, and I want you to color them.”
dear.
"Why were you waiting for me to eat?"
If Sherlock said it was too impressive, then maybe it was better attending his advise. Except he was mad at him, so he decided to play stubborn and leave. Sherlock sighed, stood up and followed him. "I'll be back in a moment."
"You have trust issues. Yet my brother hangs out with you. Why?"
"Mexico?", Lestrade asked surprised.
He walked towards Sherlock, his eyes fixed on him, and he took the palette from his hands. “Well, Sherlock Holmes, prepared to be marveled. Not everyone has the pleasure of witnessing John Watson at work.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, muttering to himself, "a cold case, a cold case, a cold case", willing his brain to work faster faster faster.
to pretend everything was fine because if he didn't, people would start suspecting the real cause of his anger towards his so called friends: John Watson. He was the root of all problems, the mystery. But now everything was ruined and he had left things very clear:
John. Mentally physically artistically metaphysically. He needed him.
Sherlock gaped.
He took his homework and went upstairs, he closed himself in his bedroom. Biology could also be a therapy. He was definitely not doing history homework today. Sometimes it was hard focusing, there was a lot of fuss coming from the crime scene, police patrols, people chatting...Sherlock. Okay, now John was hallucinating, he was actually hearing Sherlock's voice. That didn't make sense, Sherlock must probably be at Irene's house, doing lots of stuff... The thought made John's stomach twist. He heard his voice again.
And he already had lost him. Twice.
"Help me in here! Look I won't pass anything,
Sherlock took them off him and stared at John, looking very serious. "You heard me. Stop pretending you didn't."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tuesday?”, John asked softly and playfully.
But just as he walked he felt the greaser grabbing his arm and pushing him towards the wall. Damn it, he didn't have nowhere to go, no place to escape, he was forced to look at Sherlock directly to his face, to those blue/green/gray penetrating eyes.
And yet.
"Yes, of course we are, of course".
"A doctor?"
fault! He was feeling miserable and it's all
John considered what he was about to say. "Well, so what are you waiting for?"
John nodded. "You run away from things that matter."
"Don't think", he whispered, "don't think."
He didn't have the courage anymore. Every time he sat to try and draw something the images of sand and dust and powder and blood and death stared at him, and he didn't know how to express them. He was no Picasso, he couldn't turn his pain into a Guernica.
He woke up confused. He barely remembered few bits of what he dreamt, but it was mostly a blur, as if it was something there blocking the view. He couldn't hear his voice, but he could hear quite clearly Holmes'.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Anyway, as you might -or might not- know, pencils are hard and soft. H is for Hard, B is for Soft.”
When his mental counter hit four days, Sherlock refused to eat more food. He was threatened to be fed through an IV, he still refused, and then he got the IV.
“Fetch me the mirror”, Sherlock said as he stared at the paper fixedly.
, he remembered with a sigh. It had been a long time since he had thought about it.
-------------------------
Sherlock nodded and grabbed a seat. All he could do was waiting.
The greaser entered to the classroom two minutes before 9, looked at John and smiled, and John couldn't help but return it, and suddenly he forgot why it was that he was putting a stop to this, because whatever it was, it made him utterly happy. And apparently so to Sherlock.
She sat again breathing heavily and looked at him seriously. "Did he do anything to you? Tried anything? Forced you to do something you didn't want to do?"
“Yes, no, I understand”, he cleared his throat. “It’s fine. Good. I’ll see you later, then?”, not next Tuesday, not next Thursday, simply later.
"I don't understand." John cut her off. "What is this supposed to mean?"
His brain was surprisingly slow right now.
"I am."
"I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not falling into anything."
Sherlock hesitated, then looked at the girl, who kept her eyes fixed on him in a way that made him feel uncomfortable. "Umm, thank you? I'll think about it."
John (reluctantly) did.
Sherlock stood quiet for another long time, so John took a book and opened it. He was starting to read, when Sherlock's voice took him by surprise.
He stood silent for a moment, knowing that blaming Sherlock for everything wasn't going to help him and pretending to hate him wasn't going to make him actually
He dialed Lestrade’s number. He picked up immediately.
He sighed and looked at the red carpet in the middle of the living room, remembering what had happened minutes? hours? ages? ago (times was always relative with John Watson) and felt the heat spreading all through his body. It had been painful and filled with rage and with sadness, but it had been John Watson, kissing him, crying with him, letting him into his world.
He loved the feeling heroine brought. He loved how the world seemed less dull, more bearable, how his brain seemed to finally settle itself and the sad and ugly thoughts stopped and he just allowed himself to enjoy. But then it cooled down, and he needed more and he needed more and he needed more. And it wasn't even a need for chemical stimulation, it was a raw need to
"Stop what?", Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow.
John stared at it. “Autumn orange”, he whispered breathlessly.
?" -Harry looked at him smiling widely. John frowned at her.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes. "Fine. But you owe me a kiss."
"Shhh..." Sherlock whispered in his ear. Then the greaser leaned and pressed a kiss on John's head, staying there as well. He was saying something John couldn't quite understand, then he did. "I'm sorry, John. I'm so sorry."
But there was nothing.
“I said, Afghanistan or Iraq?”, Sherlock said sharply.
"Lacuna, Inc." Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "Please, Lestrade probably they put that on every patient."
John struggled hard not to cover himself up.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m not- I’m not going to the hospital, John.”
The National Gallery of British Art was no longer called like that, it was called the Tate Gallery. Sherlock liked the other name better, brought images of memories he had carefully stored in his mind palace, images he never wanted to forget.
At first
Sherlock filled with rage.
He walked towards the kitchen, saw his old microscope, felt warned for a second because last time he had been there he had left a tongue on the freezer, he opened it but it was empty. His papers were still scattered all over the dining table, annotations about experiments, about cases... He peered over and found one of the notes John used to take about a case to write later on his blog. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and looked at it, feeling a bit nostalgic.
"Trust issues." Mycroft said as if it was the most normal thing to say.
John stood there, silent.
“I am not. I simply don’t see why we’re wasting so much time we could be using teaching me how not to be an absolute and complete failure”, he snarled.
"Yes, so I heard."
"Do you have any plan?"
He got up of bed and felt his head was going to explode, and his left hand was trembling uncontrollably. God, he needed a pill. Hadn't he learned what alcohol did to him? Why did he keep doing it then?
John could only comply.
John nodded and kissed him again, as if it was physically impossible to stay away from him, it felt as if any particle of distance was a universe and a thousand lightyears apart.
John turned and looked at Sherlock seriously. "What do you want, Holmes?"
John’s face cleared. “Oh, really? How long ago?”
"I told you not to come here." Sherlock whispered to his ear, taking his glove off and holding John's hand. He was shaking.
John nodded. "Alright. And how are you handling that?" He asked curiously.
in your brain, whether an idea, an image or a concept, something is pushing you to do it, otherwise you’d feel no desire to paint at all. So tell me, what’s in your mind?”
Most importantly: his name started with a D.
“Tuesdays and Thursdays.”
“That’s- that’s not- I mean, that’s- hm. A work in progress.” That was not what he meant to say at all.
"-and he has it too. He has it too. This can't- no."
"He likes you. He does."'she said nodding incessantly, up and down, up and down.
Harry smiled. She was so relieved. So John didn't mess up, and yet he managed to sleep with Sherlock Holmes. She found almost funny the way Sherlock looked completely unaware of John's intentions, then she thought it through and realized of something that erased the smile off her face: if Sherlock was not aware of whatever happened between him and John it was because he didn't see it as nothing else: a friendship. Shit. Sherlock didn't feel the same for John, of course not, he doesn't feel like normal people do, does he? How was she going to tell John? Perhaps he already knows. Perhaps he doesn't care. Perhaps that's one of the reasons why his brother fell so hard for him. John would know. Nobody knows Sherlock like John knows Sherlock and Harry is completely certain of that. Still, that didn't help at all. If Sherlock wasn't in the same page then there was nothing to be done. She needed to find out more, to break the puzzle of Sherlock Holmes and his feelings. She was going to help. She really was.
been a dream. He had arrived home six hours ago, without saying a single word to anyone. He closed himself in his room and laid on the bed. He didn't know if he cried or if he screamed in rage or if he stood still and silent. He remembered falling asleep at some point, he remembered waking up three times.
Sherlock sighed with impatience. "Fine, send them to me", he said, tugging his coat collar up, walking to the door and nodding at Lestrade, as if to signal him to follow.
And so… there was a home in here somehow.
On Wednesday, after two very long days of school in which everything and everyone reminded him of Sherlock and the happy couple and how wonderful they looked, John arrived home. Before, he preferred a thousand times staying at school and not coming back to his house because he was incredibly lonely, but now school was even more lonely and all he longed for all day long was going home and leaving everything behind.
"Scotland Yard. New advances on the case."
Sherlock gulped and stared at him, taken by surprise. He swallowed and finally replied, “Th-Thank you.”
He felt himself shivering. He gasped for breath, suddenly feeling as if his lungs couldn't take it anymore, like he had lost all the oxygen left of them. He tried to calm himself. He took a deep breath and turned. Bad idea. Terrible idea actually, but too late to regret it now.
"We already did something together! We got drunk, very drunk! Remember?"
"What? Have a milkshake sitting on the hood of your car while listening to rock n' roll with a greaser? Yes, I believe you." Sherlock said with a smile.
"I have to say I saw it coming. That was never going to end well anyway."
“Don’t”, John whispered.
John had been a constellation of what ifs, and Sherlock couldn’t stop it. His mind raced over and over, creating a thousand different scenarios in which they could have worked, but not in this universe. It simply wasn’t meant to happen in this universe, in this lifetime.
"No sex! Just a one-day trip and a quick sightseeing, that's all we're doing okay? Are we clear?"
"Where?", Sherlock asked desperately.
"I'm investigating and you're interrupting me." Sherlock looked directly into John's eyes.
John was squeezing his eyes shut. He opened them and looked at their hands. “Your- your hand.”
? You are going to wake him up! And no! It wasn't his fault either, well not technically, he is having A DATE!"
John’s hands clenched into fists. Sherlock looked away and cleared his throat. “Fine.”
"I didn't ask you to do the whole fucking job! I told you each one would do its part!" Sherlock said, not knowing now if he was angry or if he sounded desperate.
She smiled. "No. Of course you're not."
Sherlock sat back on the chair, looking elsewhere. It wasn't nice looking at John knowing John didn't remember him.
John frowned, looking confused, but said nothing about it whatsoever. He stood up and grimaced a bit, bringing his hand to his right leg, before stumbling and falling on the couch again.
"Harry! I mean it! Leave it like that! You don't even know where he lives!"
And Sherlock smiled again.
“Stand up”, he told John.
"I don't smell anything!"
it spreading all over his body, anchoring him to the ground, as if a ton of debris had fallen over him. Over them.
"Mr. Sprud, it's me, Mycroft."
His knees gave in and he fell to the ground.
“-perhaps the killer didn’t know that she had the scar. Perhaps the murder is not related to Lacuna”, Melissa replied.
“Because.”
“Yes, that’s a good one. Now, keep your traces soft, we don’t want marks on the paper. Also look at that poor paper you used on your drawing, please John, how do you expect to get a good result when you sketch in the same paper people use for mathematical sums?”, he said with disdain.
"I... Should go... Unpack... And pack. To leave. Tomorrow." Harry went to John's room and John stayed at the living room, wondering what to say now. He needed to say something, to ask something, to do something.
“Hm”, Sherlock said noncommittally.
John didn't want to go to school the next morning. It was logical, school was becoming a huge burden more than a joy. And Sherlock and Irene would be there and they would be kissing and then Sherlock would go and talk to John because they're
"Am I supposed to feel otherwise?", John replied, his voice a bit above a whisper.
"I miss you." He said, eyes still on the freaking paper and how much John wished he could just pull the greaser's hair and force him to face him.
behind
John loosened the hold of Sherlock's hand. "Of course I have! He was my neighbor and he is dead! And he was tortured and he received seven gunshots and oh god, it was all happening right next to my house!"
Sherlock wanted to say.
He got up and took a shower and made himself a cup of tea. Harry got up and went downstairs with a huge smile on her face.
"Well I think that's a bit difficult to accomplish", Melissa said, rubbing the back of her neck.
“It was about bloody time!”
Sherlock frowned. "Sorry, can't. Have to go to Scotland Yard later."
what I’m talking about Sherlock!”Greg said nudging the greaser.
Sherlock held his breath as John approached him, his mind went blank. Then John stopped, checked on his vital signs, moved a bit the dosage of the IV, turned to look at Sherlock once again, and took his hand.
"Sherlock, look" she said turning him back. "Two things: one, I really and truly am sorry for the pain I caused you, and two, even though I'm still very pissed at you for what you did, I think you have the right to get John's confidence back. He did look so happy when he was with you..."
“Nothing. He just hasn’t eaten properly and felt weak”, John lied easily.
was better than…
John frowned, trying to remember why he had been angry with Sherlock. Lots of things had happened in the last twenty four hours. Then he remembered.
"So were you, and you were already sticking your tongue down Jim's throat. You're the one to talk!"
John's face fell. "You're not going to help me escape?"
"I already told her! She doesn't understand!" Sherlock said shrugging.
So no, he wouldn’t make a fool out of himself.
"Righto!" Irene said to stop the mutters from the rest of the greasers. "...So I was thinking, maybe we should go... and, you know, teach them how to throw a party."
Sherlock opened the door heavily and said grumpily: "Shut up! That's not your problem!"
John stopped looking at the path and turned to face the greaser. "Oh. Yes, I suppose. But not too loud."
a stupid decision. But I opened my eyes, I suppose. So thanks. I'll try. I really will."
“The image of a naked body?”, John asked, raising an eyebrow and taking a bite off his toast.
Sherlock ate all of his plate and John smiled widely at him before they left. After that they simply walked down the streets of London, chatting about nothing, about the most stupid and mundane things, that somehow were interesting when John was the one saying them.
But I can't stay in the past, I can't mourn it forever. Sometimes I dream about certain things we lived together but the memories are too blurry. Sherlock tells me some of the stories, but he's not a very good storyteller, he only remembers the gory details or the clues that made him find out that the single woman with the three dogs was the one who killed her neighbor, so in the end it's not very enlightening. But listening to our stories brings me back to life, and even though it hurts and it makes me terribly angry, it also heals me. Heals us.
John shook his head, until he remembered. “Oh, just one last request, please. Delete my blog.”
He stared at Sherlock, his eyes wide opened. Sherlock was staring back at him, his breathing rushed and an expression of disappointment falling over his face.
Sherlock did it automatically, John had turned to give him some privacy while he did, as if he had never seen his naked chest, as if he had never kissed it, as if he hadn’t-
"I want to believe we were."
look quite similar to his own. Except his were a little darker.
Although Greg was right. That was not his choice to make. It was their choice to make. The two of them would figure it out along the way. He stayed true to his word, he would do anything John would ask of him, anything.
Something inside John's brain clicked and all of his thoughts were filled with a
John looked unconvinced. He clearly hadn’t considered it, but it sounded somehow unlikely. “What do you mean?”
He locked the phone again, and got into the living room. Mycroft was sitting in Sherlock's chair, reading the newspaper, Sherlock looked at him with an expression of unpleasant surprise. "For God's sake! What are you doing here?"
"No, but seriously, I'm feeling better mate."
He walked towards the living room and found John sitting on his chair, reading the day's newspaper.
But there, in that moment when John didn’t have the faintest clue that Sherlock was there, when Irene openly confronted him about his feelings
I'm VERY sorry for not updating lately, I had been very busy but I'm back and I promise Chapter 4 will be up soon, enjoy! :3
“No reason at all. Just- yeah.”
a euphemism
greaser
wasn't the first gunshot. From the state of the blood, I think she died before that time. I'd say about two p.m."
"What for?" John asked raising his eyebrow but sitting once again on the chair.
He stood up, looked at Sherlock and broke the silence. "Can I sleep in your room tonight?"
John frowned and stayed confused, sitting on the car. The way Sherlock said it, it was like he meant it, but what if his sister was in danger? what was this place anyway? he shook his head, took deep breaths and told himself that if in five minutes Sherlock wasn't leaving, he'd look for him.
In a joyful moment in which apparently the whole group didn't have any other topic of discussion, much to Sherlock's delight, Irene snapped her head up as if she had just come with the greatest idea of all. She looked around excitedly. "Listen..."
"Murder. Double murder. We need you in the station right now."
Sherlock felt mad again, but started thinking about it and realized it was probably for the best. Maybe it was a terrible idea to play those games with her again. He didn't care about her. He didn't even know if it was her, it could be anyone, except it
"Am not. Simple balance of probabilities", he tried to sound nonchalant. It didn't work.
“John, you need to know that you were always there. Always”, he looked up and finally, finally met John’s eyes. His expression was darkened with pain, his eyes were watering and his breathing was ragged. “I had to save you, make sure you would be okay and then”, he sobbed, “and then you weren’t and you went and got your mind erased. And I failed at that too.”
Moments later, John replied, "goodnight Sherlock", placing a kiss over his chest.
John grimaced at the mention of Ella’s name and since then he had shut his eyes closed, clearly in pain.
And it had worked.
"I..." Sherlock considered, at a loss of what to say. His brain was taking too long, he wasn't even supposed to talk to John, it was dangerous. He had to come up with an idea to hide the truth. He really had.
John blinked and went back to Doctor mode. "There's your killer. She kidnapped me, tortured me and shot him. I'll testify if necessary but BRING A BLOODY AMBULANCE RIGHT NOW!", he screamed the end of the sentence.
He smiled and packed up his bag.
"Of course not, don't be an idiot!" Sherlock said running towards John's house.
“I’m not young”, John replied immediately, as some kind of defense mechanism.
"I'm really sorry. Please, believe me."
Lacuna was his biggest lead. The fact they were all linked with it could simply not be just a coincidence, and it meant that the killed had a motif to kill them. Either for resentment, or seeking vengeance at their decision, or simply as a means to torture them further, there had to be a reason why they were all patients from the same clinic. Of course, the fact that they had all the data concerning the patients was a huge advantage, but this wasn’t a simple killer, they couldn’t just be motivated to kill because they had the address, no, there had to be a reason.
“Why?”
"I need to talk to you." Sherlock said, taking some steps towards him, which unconsciously made John take those same steps back, trying to be as away from the greaser as possible.
“No.”
Jim smiled. "That party is going to be a bash!"
Greg wandered around the door of 221B for a while, he had passed by before, whenever there was some investigation going on nearby, he liked to stand in front of the door and imagine nothing had changed, that he would ring the bell, Mrs Hudson would answer and he would find Sherlock reading the newspaper while John drank his coffee. He had missed those glimpses he caught of their domestic life.
"Oh, right, Sherlock. I met him at History Class. He was placed behind me and the teacher forced us to work in pairs for the final project and he paired me up with him. Not my first choice, I must say..." He said, turning to look at Sherlock who really didn't seem to be part of this world and was unaware of everything happening around him. "...but we're almost finished, which is a good sign."
"WATSON, WHAT IS YOUR DAMN PROBLEM! SHIT I'M TIRED OF WAITING!" Sherlock entered to the chemistry club classroom, opening the door abruptly and interrupting Molly, who was talking to John and blushed immediately. He looked at Sherlock surprised.
Sherlock closed his eyes and shook his head. "I had to."
John raised his eyebrows. “Really? What does he want? Is it about Isabella?”
It was adorable.
A hand was holding his tightly.
A second later, his lips caught John's. Desperately, eagerly.
*******
It was interesting, he had always thought of himself as a logic-driven person who saw the causes and the consequences of almost every action and looked for possible outcomes while keeping his head cold.
"But it was with me, not with you."
"When you faked you death, let me tell you, it was hard. Harder than any of us expected. He was so affected by it, that beautiful and full of life smile had erased again, and there was nothing but pain. John said he was fine, but I know him better. He was lying. He was suffering, he had seen everything he had fall right in front of his eyes. He tried not complaining, not saying a word. But I knew better, when John is quiet, things aren't okay. But he had his own way of dealing with grief. It was like a flashback, seeing John in that state, wearing the same face he had wore the day he arrived to England from the war. He was lost."
She looked up again and smiled. "Oh, that's great! I'm actually the leader of the chemistry club and umm... I was wondering... If you'd like to join the club, we still have the admissions open, in case you want to, but you don't have to..."
"What happened of what?" Sherlock said lifting his eyebrow.
Sherlock smiled softly.
Sherlock eyed him warily as John looked at the paintings. He didn’t say anything else, but he looked slightly anxious, as if he really cared about what John saw there.
John kept his eyes closed and pressed his forehead against Sherlock's chest. He didn't produce a single sound. The whole room was silent except for their panting and the fire that was burning in front of them.
"You can't be sure of that."
Sherlock shook his head. "No. You refuse to reply because you
"Not even chemistry?"
“Seriously. I like my paintings. I paint what’s in my mind. What’s not to like about it?”
--------------------------
by William S. Burroughs, John could read. "Shhh... I'm reading." The greaser replied carefully.
"Sorry love," John said grimacing as his split lip started to hurt from laughing, "it's just... Your hair is curly!" The boy pointed at one or two curls that were out of place. He loved Sherlock Holmes but he had to admit he looked very very funny right now.
"Has it too", Sherlock said and his voice sounded weird, in a point between worried and deeply, terribly sad.
He didn’t.
Melissa laughed. “Honestly, I’m impressed. I never expected you to react in such a way because of John Watson. John Watson of all people. Simple and ordinary John Watson.”
"...just something they gave me. A purple pill."
“Yes well, you talked for a long while.”
“Sherlock, stop.”
Too close.
He didn’t catch any sleep at night, focused on how to solve that conundrum. It was not possible that two hands so seemingly alike could at the same time say so many different things. He stared at them for hours, and erased them and drew them again and yet they still looked like they did on the very first try.
"I'd prefer to talk in private." Sherlock said, standing close to him. Not as close as before, but still close.
“It was the very best of times, John.”
Sherlock snorted. "Don't be silly. It's just that... He has to work with me in this history project and I need the brain intact if I expect a good grade."
He had spent 8 days in the hospital, refusing most of the food, not getting much sleep and wondering most of the time about John, trying to control the tremors and the sweating while pretending that
John heard Sarah's word distantly, as if she was far far away from him. He opened his eyes and narrowed them, trying to find the meaning of those distant words he heard. Finally, he said: "What? Yeah, yeah, I'm fine. Just- a bloody headache."
“Why?”
“Yes. I tried to, I tried mixing the colors and using white and a bit of black and putting a sky in the background and even tried with other colors, but it never worked. I grew tired of it eventually and by that time I was fed up with using colors.”
"Well, then. Where is he?" Sherlock said, desperately trying to change the subject.
And that silence had said far too much. And things had changed between them since then hadn’t they? John stopped dating, and Sherlock somehow opened himself up to John, and he honestly couldn’t think of a moment when they both had felt more comfortable with each other’s presence. It was slowly shifting into
greaser
"Yes, Sherlock, it was! It was something really stupid!"- John had so much more to say but he didn't know how to do it, so he just stood silent, as Sherlock looked at him.
Irene started talking again. "You know...what I missed the most about you were your periods of long thoughts without saying a word, trying to figure me out, but you simply couldn't, and I still perceive you can't."
John stood next to him.
"Sorry about that." John said looking down and walking towards the door.
John sighed but smiled.
“He doesn’t live there anymore.”
After a moment of hesitation, the detective kept walking silently, sitting on his chair. His eyes flickered almost instantly towards the chair standing in front of him, but Greg knew it wasn't an invitation to sit there, it was as if Sherlock was having some kind of memory.
"Where?"
Harry smiled at him. "Aww, my little baby brother in love".
A thing that happened once might have not ever happened at all.
------------
"Irene.
John looked at Sherlock suspiciously. "You just want to embarrass me, don't you?"
Please take me back to him, please.
"My parents travel around the world and they used to take me with them. It's not like I wanted to, but I was forced to. As soon as I turned 16 I told them I could do what I wanted and they left me here with my brother. Not very exciting, but better than living across the globe."
He told himself, but he couldn't help it. He turned.
John sat by the desk and noticed that there were no works in progress in Sherlock’s room. It was empty now. Had he finished them all? Or had he grown frustrated and thrown them away? He really hoped for the former. “What happened to-”
Phew! Such a long chapter! Sorry for taking so long, but it was pretty difficult to write this little one, hope what you're about to read will be my redemption! :3 See you around for the last chapter and the epilogue! Thank you so much for your support lovelies! <3
"First thing you should learn about our gang: if you mess with one of us, you mess with all of us."
Melissa looked down. "Was." She preferred not telling him right now she had been the responsible for that, but what could she do? She was just following orders. "Listen, from what I've read, you are one of the most brilliant minds of the century." Her voice was soft and tender.
He sighed and leaned against the back of his chair. It was at moments like these that drugs were…necessary to say the least.
“So this man is sort of a celebrity?” Hawthorne asked curiously as they sat on the table standing in front of John’s bed. He looked around and his expression was seriously surprised because John’s flat looked gray, dim and lifeless. Nothing at all like he’d pictured it.
He forced himself to breathe normally, and that was when he deduced he wasn't alone.
"Righto." Sherlock just answered.
He almost smiled. Almost. “He proposed I should participate in a gallery.”
John couldn't help but laugh as soon as he saw the place where Sherlock stopped: MBE Records. Lots of young people were going in and going out and Sherlock smiled widely. On one of the sides of the street, some teenagers were lining up, waiting to enter. "Do you see that? Oh yes, John. I'm home."
"Please."
It had been one month and John and him had just come back from their first case together since Lacuna. It really wasn't more than a five, six at most, but Sherlock was aching for it. He needed the rush of adrenaline running through his body and he needed John next to him. In the end they had ended up chasing a couple of burglars through streets and alleys, ducked the shot of a bullet and came back home safe and sound.
"Alright, now go and talk to that freak because you are the only one who can stand him without losing your mind."
"I think you'll want to take this call."
“They kept talking to me, telling me that- that I’d do the world a favor by dying and I believed it”, he replied with a soft laugh that meant anything but fun.
"God... Yes, thank you? I don't know what to say. I really don't."
"Sherlock, wait!" She said loudly. He stopped and turned to look at her.
He stood up and walked towards Sherlock, and waited patiently, waited for the allegro and the crescendo and the grand finale, and waited until he could properly wrap his arms around him, because that was the only thing he could think about.
John sat up and shook his head, looking down.
“You’re okay”, he felt the need to say, because it was the only thing that mattered.
John nodded, thoughtfully.
Mike rolled his eyes, “would you let me finish? Anyway, I was talking to Kevin, the manager of the Gallery and I told him I knew the perfect artist for the exhibition, and I mentioned your name, and brought up that one of your painting was on the Tate Modern, and he seemed quite impressed. He wants to see your work.”
Fascinating.
Sherlock Holmes, always the impossible.
“They are. Longer than normal, at least, just not that notorious because of their color.”
Sherlock shook his head. "It was worth it."
John nodded excitedly. "Yeah sure! But I'm a bit busy at the moment, can you wait for about two hours?"
"That's what you think. I shall go, I have no time to lose. I'll find her, Sherlock. I can assure you that."
"And since when do you follow the rules?" John said with a smile.
“The erm- the drawing, it was- good. Thanks.”
He had tried so hard to be good for him, to help him, to save him, to do the same John had done for him, but he had completely failed at it.
John rolled his eyes and sighed as he took a chair and moved it right next to the greaser, who was already putting the paper on the typewriter and was starting to write. As he typed his and John's name, and the school and subject and all that formalities, he turned to look at John and said: "Bring me the chemistry books."
He stared at the pictures again. Forceful stab, but they were different from the ones that had been provided to Alice, according to the autopsy. The angles were different, meaning that whoever killed all those people held the knife in a different way than Michael Jones.
*******
Harry was making an "O" with her face. "Drugs?"
In that moment Sherlock took a step ahead and John looked at him worriedly, but let him talk. "Um, excuse me, Mrs. Watson, but let me tell you, your son was fantastic, and he found a very important clue for the police, so I'd say yes, he can solve the murder."
difficult, especially when John looked so...sad? He couldn't quite tell.
“You don’t have such a good imagination, you couldn’t have possibly come out with all of that”, he said with a laugh.
"Look, just leave me in peace once and for all. That's all I need, to be as far away from you as possible!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Fine. Ms. Sawyer, I'm sorry for what I said. I didn't mean it."
Mycroft rolled his eyes and walked away without saying anything else.
I will punch you in the face so you shut up for real."
“Alright”, Sherlock said, slowly walking away without taking his eyes off John’s, looking at each other through the mirror.
awake.
John looked down, breathing hard. He stood like that for a while, with his eyes closed and trying to not lose control. Finally, he looked up. "How long?", he asked. "For how long were 'you'
“How was the flight?” That was the closest Sherlock had to a greeting on his brother’s behalf.
Sherlock’s eyes opened widely, his brain reacting immediately to John’s intake of breath.
Sherlock shook his head. “What for? They’re of no use for me whatsoever.”
John opened one eye and looked at Sherlock. He smiled. "How did you just called me?"
Sherlock raised his voice with exasperation. “So what? I just told you!”
There was silence.
Hawthorne shook his head. "No, not really."
"Alright, good. Just wanted to check that out."
John cleared his throat. "I'm going to arrive late tonight."
Sherlock turned to look at Melissa again. “Do you remember when she came to the clinic?”, she nodded. “Excellent!”, Sherlock exclaimed. “Tell me exactly when it was, under which circumstances, who treated her, and all that.”
"I don't lie when I say I love music Johnny boy."
Harry turned at John, confused. "Was it really his phone?"
“It’s because of him, isn’t it?”
"Did you need anesthesia?" Sherlock asked, hoping the answer would be yes. He raised his chain defiantly, he couldn't allow his facade to fall, he had to remain cold and stoic, now was not the time to pay attention to his emotions.
John’s mouth opened and closed in surprise. He dragged a deep breath. “That- was…amazing.”
And he was back to loneliness and shadows and that hideous stagnation he had managed to forget about since he looked at John’s painting.
John smiled wider and moved a little towards the edge of the couch, Sherlock thought he was about to stand up, but then John stood there. He took his glasses off and tossed them to the ground. He closed his eyes again and muttered. "...Come." He said patting the side of the couch that was empty.
"...it's not like I have another choice."
He opened his eyes and looked around. Mycroft was asleep, sitting next to his bed.
And Sherlock did. Because that was the same thing John had asked him to do when he didn’t have any forces left back in Serbia, and he would do it again and again if John asked him to. He would always come back to John.
“Yes but not enough. Are they long?”
“Yes.”
He tapped the door on apartment 21. There was silence on the other end. Sherlock felt his heart in his throat. What if John was gone for good? He'd spent those two days thinking about what he'd say to John once they met again, he didn't stop for a moment to consider if John would be there to talk to him ever again.
." Sherlock said lowly, but loud enough for John to hear it, he turned to look at him and the greaser smiled.
"Who?" Because
that.
John's first idea was to come up with an absolute NO. But once he thought about it, perhaps... maybe... "You can't say no, Watson." Tom said sharply.
Sherlock sighed and looked at the Greasers standing behind them, at a fair distance. He rolled his eyes at them and they laughed. John felt incredibly uncomfortable, and then the boy turned to face him, still looking irritated, as if talking to John was the most unfortunate thing in the world. "I think you know exactly where."
He stood silent, asking himself why the hell did everybody seemed to think this was all his freaking fault? He remembered John's words and realized it was accurate: he was okay until he met Sherlock. Of course. Of course it was all his fault, and John was right. It couldn't be, whatever it was, and they had to stay as apart from each other as possible. It was the best thing to do, the only thing to do.
His headache was more and more intense, the song was louder, the breathing faster, the sweating heavier. He felt dizzier and dizzier, he couldn't form any coherent thought, not anymore, he couldn't speak. A tear streamed down his face. With one last glimpse of lucidity he thought
"You're supposed to have some kind of medical training. Why didn't you do anything to help him? None of this would have happened if you would have kept an eye on him or care about him enough to make sure he was okay. You're the only reason why he's in a hospital bed right now."
John nodded. "Me too."
John grabbed him by the elbow quickly, and pulled him back to where he was, and suddenly Sherlock was very, very close to him, and God, he missed that scent, those eyes, that face, those lips.
"What the hell do you want, then?" John looked at Sherlock seriously. "And I
But hurry, your friends might show up!"
"Why not? You've always been."
Sherlock took a look at some of the cases, murders, missing people... the usual. He kept his eyes fixed on the folder, silently. Greg took this as a way of implying his presence was no longer needed.
