He had Tony there. Quickly turning back to the armor (taking several deeps breath through his mouth for a moment because whoa the world was apparently capable of spinning rather fast), Tony snatched his left gauntlet, thankful one of them were still in working condition. Then he sent a mournful glance at the armor and opened a hidden panel.
Tony though wryly, whirling around to find Fury scowling at him. “My, my, Nicky. You look might annoyed to see the guy that’s here to solve your hellicarrier problems.”
“Well, yeah, but…Loki’s still out there, Pep. We gotta find him. I can’t let him attack us again. I won’t.” Had she really thought he would sit this out? Loki could come back any second. Like hell he wouldn’t be there if the bastard did. “The Avengers need to be ready for him.”
“Thanks,” Tony grunted. Alright, he was about sick of this, how many of these bastards were there? Why the hell did they keep coming?
Ah, look at that. The blush was adorable again. “Come on, you’ve got dozens of fans now, they need to have you in a uniform they can appreciate your ass in. And your current one ain’t it.”
“No, I don’t. I’ve got you,” Steve said, and Tony stopped short, words falling right out of his head, as he stared at Steve’s fierce grin. Speechless, he fumbled his words, trying to think of something to say, when the HUD lit up again in scarlet.
Flinching, Pepper stepped away, the tears spilling out freely now. “Do you think this is easy for me? I have nightmares of you dying in my arms! Every night, Tony. You’re in the armor, and you’re broken, and you’ve saved the day, but at what cost?” With a small hitch in her breath, Pepper pressed her hands to her face and fought to regain her composure. “You leave me. You die. Every night.”
Flicking her eyes to Coulson’s photo, Natasha kept her face in that carefully neutral expression that Tony really hated. He preferred the woman who kicked his ass in Tetris and ate peanut butter sandwiches than the spy who kept everyone out of reach.
Managing to get to this feet, Steve sent Tony a pained look and kept his left arm around his waist. “It’s not great, but I’ll be okay. We really should get going, though. The sooner we find somewhere safe, the sooner you can look me over.”
Tony went cold. Maybe his teammates had no clue, no idea what that statement meant. But Tony did. He took in the devastated look in Spangles’ eyes, in the small hunch of his shoulders, and felt the heart he wasn’t supposed to have break for the guy, his dad’s words from a million years ago ringing through his head.
Clint had complained, naturally, but the rest of the team had bid them farewell with grins, telling Steve to enjoy his vacation. Nat was the designated leader while they were gone, and she promised Steve seven times she would call him in if anything looked suspicious without looking like she wanted to kill him for being overly paranoid. Deciding now was a good vacation for himself as well, Thor took Jane and Darcy back to New Mexico in another of Tony’s planes.
“Great job, guys!” Tony shouted. “J has alerted the emergency services, they’ll be here soon, I gotta go get Steve!”
“Do not finish that sentence,” she warned, voice cold and deadly. Not the voice of the woman who watched action movies with him at 3am, or who snuck into the lab and left him peanut butter sandwiches. No, that had been the Widow from the Red Room speaking, and Tony snapped his mouth shut, feeling ill at the sudden change in his teammate. He didn’t say another word the rest of the trip back to the Tower.
“It’s not my fault,” he told Pepper. “DUM-E needed a tune-up, and he’s a menace. Won’t sit still and let me tend to him at all.”
“No can do, Hansen, I’ve gotta get to Pepper, I’ve gotta…” He stopped short when the stairwell opened, and a guy with blonde hair and orange eyes stared at him. As Tony stared back, his skin glowed, in a freaky, rippling way, as if fire threatened to burst free.
“For now,” Clint responded, looking at the image with a much sadder expression that Natasha had. “Yeah. For now, we leave him be.”
Initially, Tony cringed at the sentence itself, and then his nostrils flared when he realized who the voice belonged to.  Senator Stern, the blowhard who’d dragged Tony to court, trying to get ahold of the armor, walked by Tony and Natasha, oblivious to the two Avengers as he complained to some poor man trotting along next to him. Tony’s good mood instantly plummeted as he stared after them, lips curling.
A soft noise slipped from Tony as their mouths connected. Steve’s lips were soft, and though it wasn’t really a kiss yet, just a light sliding of lips, it was still
“Goddammit, Maya.” Unable to look at her, he thought of Pepper struggling and scared, in danger because of him. Tony shook his head, his hatred growing until there was nothing but revenge burning through him. “Let me go.”
“These weren’t designed for plates,” Tony argued, then frowned when a chunk of rice and chicken fell out of the foil and onto his desk. “Shit.”
Wiggling his fingers in a wave goodbye, Tony and took off down the hall. A glance out the window told him he was no longer in Malibu— what the hell, was that the
“Stark,” Thor said again, completely unbothered by Tony’s anger. “Are you even aware of your injuries?”
“A good man,” Tony said firmly, “who tried his fucking best. But sometimes we fail, Steve. We aren’t gods. We fuck it up. But you? You’re the best of us. Bucky knew that.” He’d seen the video footage, heard all his dad’s stories. On this, Tony could be certain. “Don’t let Loki fuck with your head.”
“I’m not that kind of doctor,” Bruce said wearily. “But I will tell you, I don’t think it would be a bad idea if you talked to someone, Tony. No, don’t brush me off,” he said, forcefully enough that Tony froze, and stopped trying to pull away.
Feeling like he was prying his eyes open with a crowbar, Tony blinked, to see Steve staring down at him, relief all over his face. Tony was in the armor, and the faceplate was off, and…huh. That was way too familiar. Did he fall through a portal again?
“I trust you, Stark.” She said it simply, so simply that if he hadn’t known better, he would have sworn it was the truth.
“But what if that’s part of it? What if he told me that, knowing I’d assume it was a lie, and that’s part of the trick?”
“What?” Tony nearly leapt to his feet, but remained seated when Natasha put her hands on her hips again and glared at him. “Sorry, sorry, I’ll sit. It’s just…
They were on the plane ride home when Tony got the courage to ask about something he’d wondered about for a while. “Hey, Steve?”
“Well, I try,” Steve said drolly as Tony dug into the foil. “Are you going to eat that in the middle of the hallway?”
“Alright?” Tony asked, trying not to sound too strained. If Steve realized how heavily he was leaning on Tony he’d do something stupid like try to take his weight back and Tony would have none of it.
“Yeah, you know what? I think I am,” he said, looking over to Bruce and Jane as they got into an argument over the bi-frost, Natasha shaking her head at Darcy and Thor next to them. If only Steve and Clint would check in, things would be right as rain. Pressing down the anxiety that crawled back up his back, he returned his attention to his phone. “So what can I do for you, Pepper-pot? Pretty sure I didn’t miss a meeting. J’s been strict, lately.”
“Oh.” Tony had a brief moment of panic, wondering what the fuck they were actually going to talk about, when the elevator opened to his office. Deciding that they were close enough to his desk, he opened the foil and bit into the burrito.
“You just told us a terrorist group we thought had been wiped out is still around and infiltrated Shield. And you want me to keep calm?” Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose, breathing deeply. Eyes wide, Tony patted Bruce on the back, gesturing for Thor to get a little closer. Just in case.
Not bothering to ask questions, Tony threw himself to the right as the man swung his arm out. Luckily, Tony was fast and managed to avoid the punch to the face. As a result, the unwelcome assailant slammed his fist into the wall, leaving a decent-sized hole.
“Just me.” Steve stood with his hands in the air, cringing. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”
Staring out the window, he ignored the way the space and stars made his breathing pick up until he couldn’t handle it anymore. Then he grabbed the scotch, and turned. They might have a good lead on Hydra, but Loki was still out there. Tony needed more suits — with the team living in the Tower, dragging him out every so often, and everything else going on, he wasn’t as far along as he’d like. He still needed more. And there was an idea in his head, one that had been brewing for a while now, on how to call them to him quickly…
“The pleasure is mine, Captain. And Mr. Odinson, Sir really does need to sit down now, if you wouldn’t mind.”
.” The scolding wasn’t nearly as stern as it should have been with the hint of a laugh in it. “I don’t mean to make things difficult.”
“I won’t pretend to know what happened to you up there, Tony. Or what you went through in Afghanistan,” Bruce said, and Tony took a huge gulp of air and tried to focus on Banner’s glasses, and the way his hair was mussed like he hadn’t slept, and Bruce’s heartbeat, because focusing on his nightmares or what had happened in a cave years ago was a good way for him to slide back to the floor.
“Oh, I don’t think…” Pepper began, but when Nat turned her way, she promptly stopped her protest, far more perceptive than Tony wanted. “I see. Okay, someone can fill me in on what’s happening between you two later. Tony, we need to find the Clarksons now.”
Glancing over, Rhodey caught sight of his yawn and moved across the room. “Hey, man. When was the last time you slept?”
Steve grinned, and suddenly the fatigue that had been there at the beginning of the call vanished. “Oh yeah? Well, tell Bruce and Thor I’m real sorry about that. We ran into a mess that took a while to get out of.”
Tony didn’t need JARVIS’s announcement to know it was Cap. Freedom and Old Spice were the first clues it wasn’t Bruce or Thor, and a very long sigh was the second.
“Oh yeah, like I’m gonna be the one to stick my neck in it.” Shaking his head, Clint kicked Tony’s foot again. “Good luck, Stark.”
Clint shoved a hand through his hair, making it stuck up in the back. “We’re supposed to just believe this? That Hydra is around because Sitwell was a dick in a hallway?”
“It does not appear to be Agent Coulson’s deception. He was indeed, technically dead, and SHIELD brought him back to life using methods they had in place for a downed Avenger. Agent Coulson has been in major surgeries and recoveries these last few months.”
“Oh yeah. With zip ties. It’s a ball.” He would not be insulted by the zip ties. He would not. “So. You took Killian’s money and thirteen years later, you’re in dungeon.”
Steve’s grin grew, reminding Tony of the smile he’d given him after the Battle of New York, and Tony felt like he could leap buildings in a single bound. “I’d love to. If you still wanna show me?”
Tony let his hand drop, hitting his thigh with an achingly final thud, as his heartbeat picked up rapidly, and his own eyes burned. Oh, god, was was happening?  Oh, god, oh, god, oh, god….he wanted to shove through the distance that was suddenly between them, wanted to take it all back, but he knew he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
“I know what you’re doing, Thor,” Bruce grumbled. “Getting me out of the room to help make tea isn’t going to keep me calm.”
“Let me go check the supplies, put pressure on that.” He wasn’t entirely sure what kind of cabin they’d stumbled into — it was a cross between an artist’s retreat and a throwback to the 80s. A dusty pile of cassette tapes were in a box in the corner, along with a stereo that would have kicked ass in 1989. Antlers covered with old, moldy cloth hung from the walls, and abstract works of art were placed here and there, interlaced with collages of photos from people from the 30s, like someone had created an homage to their ancestors.
“We’ll let you know when it’s pizza time,” Steve said as Tony lifted a hand in a wave goodbye and wandered to the kitchen area. Maybe he’d make another peanut butter sandwich until the pizza got there. He got things down, keeping his hands busy, while his mind buzzed. Things were looking good, the team was on track to become an actual team, but there was something off, something he couldn’t quite place….
“Yes, Mom,” Tony rolled his eyes and made another snatch at the bag. “I’ll take an hour for lunch, deal?”
“Guys, look, here’s the deal. Let me outta here, I’ll give you a better job with more money,” Tony said, standing up so he would look more legit offering a deal.
Steve only nodded, then set his jaw in that stubborn way of his, indicating that there was really no room for argument. Hating himself, Tony rose, bile rising to the back of his throat. Taking a few moments to adjust the gauntlet, to make damned sure that it wouldn’t fire at a force higher than what he wanted (he wished JARVIS was there,
Steve stood in the far corner of the workshop, holograms surrounding him. DUM-E whirred softly nearby, as if he wanted to do a task for the solider. Tony hoped Steve remembered to tell DUM-E
, what was that, when did Pep start bringing his platypus as her date? There was an opportunity to snoop and tease if he ever saw one) Tony was in a lighter mood, ready to find a way to face Steve when they returned home.
Yeah, not likely. “Sure thing, Cap. See you around,” Tony said, and strolled out, bolting for the workshop. He really did have a lot to get started on. The suits weren’t going to repair themselves.
Tony whirled, in time to see the guy with orange eyes and fiery skin slam his fist out, connecting with the side of his face.
“I really do want to get that shawarma,” he told Thor, leaning on him heavily while they waited for the elevator. It probably wasn’t very dignified to completely and totally rely on the buff god so much, but exhausted didn’t even being to explain how Tony felt.
Sparring with the punching bags in the workshop wouldn’t do him any good. He’d only get more keyed up. Going up and facing the team wasn’t high on his list of priorities at the moment — Natasha saw too much. He didn’t feel like facing her. Bruce, too, was more perceptive than people gave him credit for and he didn’t want anyone picking up on his crush on Steve. He was about to find a way to override JARVIS’ code when another thought occurred to him. Pepper was about to have her meeting with Killian. He might as well check in and see what was going on.
“It’ll be fine, Cap. Nat and Clint will find us any second, I’m sure of it,” Tony babbled, stepping over several branches and trying not to face-plant as his leg almost gave out. “And there’s got to be a goddamned house around here somewhere.”
“I was wrong,” she said, moving to get her sandwich again. “What I put in the dossier was wrong. I hope one day you’ll forgive me for it.”
“Uh,” Tony said, while Cap hovered over him. Jesus, Steve completely dwarfed him, with his long legs and those broad shoulders. Mouth going dry, he stared up at Steve, acutely aware of being zip tied to a bed and offered up like some prize in front of him. Certain parts of his body perked to attention at that, at being so completely and totally surrounded by Steve, and Tony firmly told his dick to settle down. Now was really not the time.
“No, you’re a biological DNA coder running a team of forty out of a privately-funded think tank,” Tony snapped, because he’d looked that up, too. “Your boss got a name?”
“What if something happened?” It was a stone in his gut that he couldn’t shake. The knowledge that Steve and Clint had been found, that Hydra had discovered they knew about them….
succeeded? Jesus Christ. What the fuck had happened to the botanist he knew?  “Let me guess. You never fixed the glitch that caused the plant to explode. Now people are going boom.”
, Tony decided he really couldn’t blame him, and quietly paused the movie and grabbed the nearby blanket. Draping it over Steve, he took a moment to take the captain in, happy to see the tightness that had been around his eyes and mouth so often lately still hadn’t reappeared. Squeezing his hands at his sides to keep from doing something stupid like run a finger along Steve’s cheek or worse, run a hand through his hair or kiss his forehead, Tony checked to make sure the blanket completely covered him and then headed down to the garage.
“Come on, Tony.” Nat was at his side somehow, sliding her arms into his. “Let’s go greet your adoring public.”
“They’re in an abandoned building that’s on its last leg. They have the stolen Chitauri weapons and an assortment of others. One guy seems to have a special crowbar. Another has a demolition ball on a chain. They’re calling themselves the Wrecking Crew,” Hill informed him as Tony flew her direction. Without Clint and Natasha (who were out on a mission for Fury and to see what they could find about Hydra — what it was and what they were learning, Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to know), there was no need for a jet, so Tony was currently giving Steve a piggy-back ride while he zoomed over the city. Steve clung tightly to his back, laughing when Tony swooped low to show off.
“Right,” Tony said, but he couldn’t take his eyes off Steve, who he had kissed, and who was so gorgeous and perfect it made Tony ache. Why couldn’t it have been real? If it was real, he could have told Steve he’d see him later, and gave him a saucy wink, indicating they could finish what they started. And Steve would laugh, and maybe blush, but he’d be happy, because it was
And with that, he hurried out, trying to keep his eyes from burning, quickly scooting around the guys he had indeed planted on Happy’s door. A million thoughts whirled in his mind, all of them centered on one thing: find the Mandarin. It wouldn’t be too hard, either. The guy’s videos were something else. Mulling it over, Tony frowned while zipping down the halls. His name was an ancient Chinese war mantle, meaning "adviser to the King”. But the guy had South American insurgency tactics, and talked like a Baptist preacher. There was a lot of pageantry going on there...lots of theater.  Maybe all he had to do was make a dramatic gesture himself, a big enough call out, and the Mandarin would come right to him.
Still avoiding his eyes, Steve reached out, and snapped the first zip tie off. Biting down hard on his lip, Tony did all he could to stop from letting out a whimper. God, that was hot. That should not have been hot, this was not an appropriate time for his hormones to go insane, but come on. Shakily drawing in air, Tony willed himself not to get hard as Steve leaned over to work on the other zip tie. He gulped as Steve carefully worked around his bandaged wrist, then pressed his lips together, reminding himself that Steve was not his, they were just friends. His body needed to get a clue, even though his body was full of desperate and aching want.
“Couldn’t sleep. Keep thinking about how I should have stopped Loki. So I got up, thinking I could at least be useful. I thought about going for a run to help clear my head, but…” he shook his head, glancing out the windows to the city that sprawled below. “Things are a bit of a mess right now. Didn’t think I’d get far.”
“You’ve already got Star Wars and Trek, right? Anybody tell you about Classic Rock? You should definitely add that.”
“Easy there, big guy,” Tony said, as Bruce started to turn a little green. “Just take a few deeps breath, alright? Keep calm.”
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about, Banner. But, I’m glad I’ve got your attention. I’ve been meaning to ask you about a few things. For one, I would like your assistance in setting up an electronic mail, so I may speak with Jane when she is away,” Continuing to ramble on as they headed to the kitchen, Thor kept his voice light while they walked down the hall. Some of the tension fled the room as they did, though Tony noticed Clint still radiated fury and Natasha had her eerie calm face on.
Tony took one look at the defeated set of Steve’s shoulders and sighed. “I take it you didn’t succeed in capturing Loki, either.”
“It’s well past noon,” Natasha told him. Tony frowned. Well, fuck. That was a long time, wasn’t there something he was supposed to do today? Shit. He probably shouldn’t have slept that long.
Jaw tightening, fingers clenching, Tony shook his head. “Uh, no Captain Tightass, I really don’t. Nothing is as important as being ready for the next mission.” Hadn’t he already had this conversation? Hadn’t he just gotten dumped by Pepper because of it?
“I know plenty,” Tony said, then leaned forward further, pressing his lips near Stern’s ear to whisper, “Hail Hydra, you asshole. Better run to them and hide. Not that it will help. I’m taking you all down.”
“It’s a long story,” Tony said, shoving his pizza away. His appetite had vanished while Steve told his tale. “I’ll tell you all about it. And then we can plan on how to take them down.”
“Because I don’t like seeing you hurt!” Tony shouted, anger and humiliation flooding through him at the outburst. “Dammit, Steve, you…”
But he did know better, and fool him twice, and all that. So he rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, I read the report. Iron Man, recommended, right? But not Tony Stark. I know you wouldn’t trust me to cover your back, Romanoff, so just…”
“Watch a friend die.” Steve shuddered as he said it, nostrils flaring as his big frame shook. “Not if I could do something to help.”
“I should get some fuel before I have to sit through another days’ worth of meetings, is what I should do. Come on. I want pancakes. And bacon. And eggs. And coffee. Lots and lots of coffee.”
“Sir!” JARVIS said, as the HUD went scarlet. Swearing, Tony turned and saw the device, stomach plummeting to his toes. Knowing he was about to do something stupid, Tony lifted his repulsors and fired at the counter on the wall, holding snacks and all the drinks Tony used to request before Afghanistan. It struck true — his repulsor strike tore a hole in the wall and sucked the bomb out an instant before it blew.
“I thought we were going back to Malibu. We weren’t supposed to stay after the clean energy launch,” she said, eyes tight, face drawn. “We’ve stuck around to get cleanup started, but I thought that was just temporary. We were going to go home, Tony.”
“Jesus, I forgot how mean you can be,” he complained, rubbing his side, digging his feet into Tony’s lap.
“Now that I’m up, I was thinking of getting a snack,” she said. “You like peanut butter sandwiches?”
“C’mon, Kit, you’ve got this….YES!” he shouted as Kit grabbed Alex’s ankle. It wasn’t perfect, but fuck it, it was good enough.
They did manage to get a good distance between them and the Mark IV before it blew. A little more sad about it than he would have liked, Tony pushed it to the back of his mind and wrapped Steve’s arm tighter around his shoulders, doing his best to keep his footing on the rocky path through the woods, pain singing up his leg with each step. They’d been walking for a while, and though Tony and Steve both had their eyes open and aware, they’d yet to see a single helpful house or cabin in all the damned trees in the dark. And spider webs. If Tony walked through one more  cobweb, he was going to absolutely lose it. Lamenting their luck, Tony gritted his teeth and kept forcing one foot in front of the other, determined to keep going.
“It’s my diagnosis that you are experiencing a severe anxiety attack.” JARVIS said as Bruce rushed in.
That fucking hurt. Not just his wrist, which burned like seven hells, but his pride. Something about being zip-tied to a bed frame was so demeaning. Probably that was the point. Well, two could play that game. Deciding he wasn’t going to let them win, he pushed that aside and surveyed the room. Same one as before, only…
about the day had been easy so far, of course the next words out of his mouth were: “We have a problem.”
The plane shook and dropped, so quickly the air masks popped out of the overhead and dropped down. Stomach leaping into his throat, Tony scrambled to his feet, as the the plane steadied out, then dropped again.
“It would have been fine if we had had everybody here and the ones who were here didn’t act like idiots,” Tony snapped, when Bruce’s eyes landed on him. He shifted in the suit, servos whirring, and fought back a cringe as his ribs screamed at him for doing so, covering it with a deep scowl. He should have left his helmet on, but that would have looked odd while in the Tower.
They were shut? his mind wondered, but he managed to pry them open at the request. A blurred figure of black and red sat in front of him, and all the lights in the room were blazing. Titling his head, he struggled to understand, and a small amount of air found its way into his lungs. Then, like a damn breaking, he was able to gasp, and get more of it in, inhaling so fast and desperately he turned dizzy.
“Okay, I’m pissed but the middle of the building is secure. What’s up with you two?” Tony asked, pulling up a scan of the building again. JARVIS detected no moving heat signatures on the top floor, which meant Thor also had success. But there was more, way more than there should have been, swarming in the lower levels.
“You sure? Cuz I’m about to overtake both of you, find the Mandarin, take him out, and bust outta here.”
“Is it Steve?” he asked, heartbeat pounding. Only a few people knew his secure line, it had to be Steve, finally checking in, saying they were safe.
She tilted her head, studying him. For the second time that night, Tony shifted uncomfortably under someone’s gaze. What the hell, were the other Avengers psychic or something? What was up with that?
Sauntering in, Tony prepared to dramatically flop into the visitor’s chair when an orange ball of fur made him stop dead in the doorway.
Groaning again, he sat the glass down and pressed his palms to his eyes. Maybe the fact that he could get a crush again like this was a good thing.  He hadn’t thought he’d ever really feel that way again after Pepper, and now here he was, pining over Steve. His emotions still worked! Yay!
“I wish she never got dragged into the Mandarin mess, though,” Tony admitted. “My being Iron Man was already hard on her, it was part of why we broke up. Then AIM kidnapped her. It’s a shock she hasn’t wiped her hands of me completely.”
“Yes, yes, thank you for graciously allowing us to reside in Casa La Stark,” Clint responded, making Natasha snort and Tony scowl. “J, my man! Put on a good napping movie. Something Tasha will like but put me right to sleep. Ow!” he whined when Natasha pinched him.
, but then his heart had to go and have some kind of psychotic episode while talking with Alexander Pierce. So now Tony was pretty sure he could pull a Rip Van Winkle and sleep the next thousand years — if only he could get to the damn shawarma joint and cease his stomach’s rumblings first.
“We’ve been fucking played. That’s what.” Expanding the image, he made it large enough so that all the other Avengers could see the profile of Phil Coulson and the small words under his photo that said “Current Status: Alive.”
Glancing down at his coffee, Tony knew he had to fess up the truth. He couldn’t let Steve think he was some shiny, amazing person, because… well. He wasn’t. “Ah, well. Truthfully, Cap, they would have a lot of examples to back their claims up, I’m not really a…”
“Yeah, there’s a giant brain, a shifty character. I’m gonna follow this guy. I’m gonna run his plates, and if it gets rough, so be it.”
“Always,” Tony lied. He was going to see if he could dig around in Sitwell’s stuff before officially leaving. Just in case the guy had any thoughts about trying to contact Steve.
“Be back in an hour, Barton, or I’m changing the locks!” Tony yelled while they got on the elevator.
He smiled, and gestured to Bruce. “Not to worry, Banner, I know you are less fond of ale and more fond of that lemon-cake tea Lady Natasha enjoys so thoroughly. I admit I enjoy the smell, it truly
“You’re welcome,” Steve said. “I just…want to make sure you aren’t working too hard. I know you’ve got a hand in quite a few pies, Tony, and just wanted to say we appreciate it.”
Still completely absorbed in his work, Steve gave no indication of hearing Tony as he walked closer, until he suddenly shifted, looking right at him, and closed the holograms.
“It’s just a few cuts,” he said, and blanched when her eyes narrowed. “Alright, maybe some bruised ribs again.”
“Revel,” Steve repeated, while Thor gently checked over Steve’s wounds. At Steve’s question, he reared back, tilting his head.
Only Steve would take the time to check in on him in the middle of a mission. Burning in his eyes intensifying, Tony squeezed them shut tightly for a moment, wishing Steve could be there. God, how pathetic was he? Wishing Captain America was around to help solve his problems. But he knew that wasn’t it, not really. He didn’t want Cap. He wanted Steve. If Steve were there, he’d feel better. He always felt better after talking to Steve, by being near him. Something about they guy just radiated calmness, and strength. They could take on anything, he and Steve. Even if it was just as friends. Which was all they would ever be.
“Right. Come on, Stark. Let’s get you looked at.” And with a swiftness and gentleness that belied the muscles, Thor picked Tony up and carried him into the workshop.
“Like hell,” Tony said, and solved the problem by going to the other side of the bed. Steve’s eyes tracked his movements, and a slow, beautiful smile spread over his face as Tony stood next to him again. Tony’s heart damn near grew three sizes at the sight of that smile, and his own returning grin somehow grew even more.
, I’ll let Bruce look me over if you just sit down and let him tend to you first, what the goddamn hell are you—”
Also, the description of this cabin is from a totally wild Airbnb I stayed in once. It was a super interesting place at the time, and makes for a great background for stories like this!
Nat rolled her eyes, and Tony figured that was that —- until she smirked, wrapped an arm around his neck, and pulled him close. Going with it, Tony laughed as their faces got closer and closer, then let Nat tilt his head just so until their lips were pressed together.
“Because I can’t watch you die again!” Pepper shouted, the mask breaking. Face crumpling, she stepped toward Tony, tears glistening in her eyes. “I sat on that plane and I
“No, I just want you to trust that I can take care of shit on my own,” Tony snapped, not entirely sure why he was suddenly so angry. In the corner, DUM-E chirped softly, as if wanting to find a way to help.
Satisfied he had a decent, albeit half-cocked plan, Tony prepared to head out and get started. But his phone buzzed, and Tony paused by the stairwell to pull it out, not sure how to feel when he saw the message on the screen.
He was damn well aware Thor was fucking with him, but what the hell. Turning to Nat, he waggled his eyebrows. “Whaddya say, Romanoff? Shall we show them how it’s done?”
“Do not worry yourself so, Captain. We’ll get the Tesseract, the scepter, and my brother back,” Thor said, hoisting Tony up a little further in his arms. Jesus, that should really be humiliating, but Tony was so tired he could cry, and also, the hint of Pop Tarts was somehow helping keep him upright. Like a secondary sugar high or something.
Clint’s eyes snapped back open. “If Phil hasn’t let us know about his status, he has a reason. He never let us down, before. Never. So if he needs us to back off, and trust him now…”
Knowing it always looked better if he appeared with a date to those sorts of things, Tony sweet-talked (bribed) Natasha into going with him, as she was the only Avenger who was any good at social events — other than Steve, who had been firmly told by Bruce he had to stay home. So Tony was a little sad as he headed to his floor to get dressed, despite the cheery, twinkling lights everywhere, because he really wanted to go with Steve.
“Doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt like a bitch until it does, though does it?” Tony countered. Steve flushed again, and Tony felt a quick surge of triumph. It was probably pathetic to feel victorious at breaking Steve’s stoic expression, but hey. It’d been a long day and he’d gotten his ass kicked. He’d take whatever win he could get.
“Did steal, actually. He pulled one over one me using another piece of my own tech against me, rendering me immobile. Yanked the reactor right out.”
Those words were said too slowly, too drowsily. “Steve? Hey. Come on, Cap. Stay awake for me,” Tony said, shaking him a little, craning his head to see Steve’s face better.
“What? Isn’t Bob at the helm?” Tony never went anywhere without his carefully vetted staff — Happy would have his neck if he dared to take on a new pilot or attendants with him clearing them first.
Not exactly reassuring, but he had a point. So Tony left him to work with JARVIS and let the super spies do what they did best while he did what he knew best.
“Spoilsport,” Tony laughed, and disconnected. JARVIS would still be able to figure out his location. He spent about two seconds debating if he should head to left or right, then decided to head to the garden shed to see if the could rig some tools to help him take out some bad guys.
“Oh. Uh, thanks,” he mumbled, scooting back a bit. She only watched him with calm eyes, and Tony resisted the impulse to lay his head back on her shoulder and doze more. A vague memory of her petting his hair ran through his mind, and to be honest, it seemed preferable to whatever the hell else he was supposed to be doing today.
“It’s alright, we’ll pour one out from him later. Now let’s get going. Lean on me, you look like death.”
“There appears to be several malfunctions occurring at once, sir,” JARVIS said, and Tony blinked as his HUD lit up like Christmas. “There’s clearly been sabotage in the cockpit since takeoff.”
But every time he closed his eyes, he saw a vacuum of darkness. Nothing he did got rid of the cold harshness of space, or the trembling that would accompany it.
“I”m okay,” he said as she launched herself at him, and somehow smothered the hiss of pain that exploded through his ribs as she hugged him tight. Sunshine and Chanel flooded his senses, and for the first time all night, he truly relaxed, despite the impending lecture he was sure to get, burying his face in Pepper’s hair. “I’m sorry I scared you. I’m fine, Pep.”
Steve glared, but didn’t comment on his rudeness. “I wanted to ask Thor why Loki would do that. Why would he fight me for the scepter, then leave it with me?”
“Okay, I think we all agree that could have gone better,” Bruce said tentatively, hours later. He stood in the middle of the common area, looking from Avenger to Avenger. First to Clint, who was perched on the back of the couch. Then to Natasha, sitting on the sofa in font of him, the way a regular person would, but with her nostrils flared slightly. Thor was next to her, in his battle armor, twirling his hammer around, brow furrowed. On the far side of the room, near the bar, was Steve. He only pressed his lips together and nodded when Bruce’s gaze landed on him. Since they’d handed the Wrecking Crew and their minions over to Maria Hill and her team, he hadn’t said much. Tony knew it was less because he was injured and more because he was just as annoyed as Tony, and for some reason it made his blood boil further.
Steve’s lips twitched, just a little, before he said, “I saw a teammate in need of help, Tony. I’m sorry that you disagree, but I knew I would be fine, and knew I had to act. I see a situation pointed south, I can’t ignore it. Sometimes I wish could.”
“I don’t understand,” Bruce, the only still on the couch, said. Tony stared at him helplessly, wondering how their fun afternoon of napping and watching movies had soured so quickly.
Ugh. Why did everyone always nag at him to get some sleep, and then when he slept nagged at him to wake up?
Although it appeared he’d forgiven the neck stabbing agent, if he thought she was the smart person to call when Tony was suffering through a nightmare and goddamn panic attack.
When I said all that you’ve done, I wasn’t talking about who you were before Afghanistan,” Steve said, frowning. “I meant with creating the suits. The reactor. You’ve created incredible things.”
“How many times have we gotten lucky, Nat?” he asked, watching Stern head to the bar. “How much longer will we be able to keep pulling things off?”
“Yes, thank you, I can see that. So, what, you decided to give me a heart attack?” Tony asked, rubbing his chest below the reactor.
When he suggested the plan to Steve, he nodded. “Maria says they have a Chitauri’s bomb as well as. They’ll set it off in an hour if they don’t get their demand.” He looked at Tony, his clenched jaw obvious despite the cowl. “Which is obviously not happening.”
Feeling a flush start up at the nape of his neck, Tony fiddled with the game board. “I don’t know, I just…”
Steve, on the other hand, apparently did. Pressing a soft kiss to the side of Tony’s mouth, (why was that so sexy, oh, God, Tony was fucked) Steve let go and cleared his throat, then stepped back, eyes down. “Have a good time at the party, Tony. You should probably get going.”
Thor went still as well, as if he weren’t sure if he would like where the conversation would go or not, either. Not that Tony could blame him. Loki was his brother, after all. That had to be a bitch to navigate.
“Well, you know what they say about good deeds,” Hill said, making Tony cackle with laughter. He really hoped their background check on her proved right. It would really piss him off if she turned out to be Hydra.
Shit. He should have known it wouldn’t have been that easy to give Nat the slip and find Stern before the night was over. “Nat. Come on.”
when the bot inevitably tried to make him a smoothie. Letting his gaze wander, he spotted Steve’s ever present sketchbook was on the couch — and it was closed, much to Tony’s dismay. One day he would get a good look at what Cap was always drawing, even if he had to beg. At first Tony wondered if Steve was looking at landscapes to try and sketch, because all the holograms around him held a different image of scenery — one of the Cliffs of Moher, one of a rundown, small town, and several popular landscapes of major cities. But Steve ignored most of them, standing between them all in the center, and focused on an old, abandoned building.
It was a shock to see the decorations every time he left the penthouse. Normally Tony let professional decorators do the Malibu mansion, and he’d called them in to do the majority of the floors in the Tower. But the Avenger’s floors had been decked out by Thor and Jane and Darcy while Steve had been in the medical wing. They thought it would cheer him up, which it certainly had, but they’d also been left unsupervised — resulting in a mishmash of red and green and gold being strung everywhere and enough Christmas lights to make them sparkle behind Tony’s eyes when he blinked. They’d petitioned to try and get to the penthouse too, but so far Tony had managed to evade them with JARVIS’s help….although with Christmas so close, he was unlikely to keep them out much longer.
Later, when the President was secure, Killian’s ass had been kicked, and Pepper was safe and at the Tower, Tony sank onto his couch and tried not to groan. The battle had been long and hard — Killian had a lotta goons enhanced with Extremis—but the Avengers had beaten them in the end. Thor had helped out the most, getting tired of the enhanced soldiers and eventually frying them with quite a bit of lightning. Unlike most of their other attacks on the soldiers able to regrow limbs, that had stuck. Rhodey had been able to get to his suit and get the President to safety, and the rest of the team had successfully defeated the rest of the Extremis army while Tony found Pepper and took down Killian on his own.
He hit the trees, and hoped Steve’s head was decently covered by the armor. Then he hit the ground, and his head slammed into the back of the helmet. Pain flared brilliantly, taking over every part of his body so that he couldn’t breathe.
About to head down and do just that, Tony paused when he realized JARVIS had been suspiciously silent on his decision to go to the workshop at a time any regular person would still be sound asleep.
, and...I can’t. I can’t sit there and go through that again. Not if you don’t quit, or at least remain a consultant. Not if you don’t come home.”
“Yup,” Tony said, popping the ‘p’. “We’ve seriously got to overhaul your uniform. That suit does absolutely nothing for your ass, Cap.”
Tony took off as Steve charged the front door, using the shield to deflect the rays that were instantly shot down at him. Noting where the shooters was, Tony aimed his repulsors, firing to give Steve cover. When he’d crashed through the front door, Tony grinned, and went to smash through an entrance of his own.
“And what? You won’t be part of it?” he asked, harsher than he meant, but he couldn’t help it. Her words from years ago flashed through his mind, that long ago night he’d asked her to help with Obie. After everything, they were back to that? Back to the beginning all over again?
“Yeah, okay.” Pinching the bridge of his nose, he took a few deep breaths. He’d put Pepper in charge of the company because he knew he could trust her. She’d do what she thought was best, and it would be the right thing. “Thanks, Pep. We’ll handle it.”
What felt like a battering ram slammed into him, flinging him halfway across the room before he could finish. Hissing, Tony managed to keep himself from being thrown into the wall just in time, firing the repulsers so he hovered in the air instead. His side sung with pain — whatever the hell had hit him had connected so hard the armor had dented a little.
“Let them deal with it,” Pepper said, and for a second Tony could only stare at her. “You just flew a
“Ah. Wow. That’s incredible. Thank you. Uh. I am Captain Steve Rogers. It’s…nice to meet you?” Steve said, still staring up. Something shifted on his face — despite his fatigue, his eyes seemed to light up, like Thor’s had. Something that could almost be called awe took over the scowl. Tony tilted his head, trying to process it. Did Mr.
“Indeed, Stark, you are right. Sit down, Captain, there is no need to feel shamed at requiring medical attention. In Asgard, being taken care of after such a mighty battle is all part of the process. One of my favorites, if I’m being honest. There are some very kind healers and then it is always followed by extravagant celebrations and toasts.” Grinning Thor nudged Steve onto a stool, and went to the little fridge to the side where Tony stored ice packs. “So sit, Captain, and we shall heal and feast and revel.”
The search for Loki and Hydra never ended. Thor traveled with Jane and Darcy often, continuing to follow up on leads on Loki. Banner sometimes went with them, which never failed to amuse Tony. Now that Clint and Natasha were back more, they were around the Tower as Avengers more, and less as agents of Shield. Tony wasn’t sure what they’d told Fury to cut them some slack, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to. Clint, Natasha and Steve would venture on missions of their own hunting down Hydra, slowly but surely collecting tidbits of information to prove that the organizations still lurked. Natasha had indeed started making the lists she’d sworn to see to, and had done her best to keep tabs on Sitwell — who was turning out to be a hard man to pin down. Dude went all over, but at least that meant he was still keeping away from Steve. Tony really wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not, but Natasha seemed okay with that particular turn of events.
“Um.” Watching as Steve fought to control his panting, the way his hands shook on Tony’s counter, Tony took a small step forward and quietly asked, “Can’t do what again, Steve?”
It was tempting to turn and bolt back to the safety of the penthouse, where he could drown his miseries in booze and ice cream until he forgot all about the way Steve felt with his body pressed right up to Tony’s. Would have been far more preferable than actual going to the fucking gala at this point. But when Natasha gave him a small tug, he moved with her, out the door and to the elevator. Feeling like he’d been thrown around too much in the armor, Tony stared at the doors as they slid closed and wondered how the hell he was going to recover from this.
By the time he’d managed that, it was late, and Tony wanted nothing more than to drop his head to the table and sleep. Intending to follow the Clarksons out and find Nat, Pepper, and Rhodey, Tony rose, but paused when he heard someone else at the other end of the large library by the fireplace. He hadn’t paid them any mind when he and the Clarksons first sat down, intent on fixing the merger problem, but now he couldn’t help but flick his gaze their direction and stop in his tracks.
But he managed to get with the Clarksons and start smoothing ruffled feathers. Unfortunately for Natasha, that meant eventually leaving her behind, while he took the couple to the library, to go over their concerns and try to charm them into not worrying. He was pretty sure she’d taken up watch outside the damn door, but pushed it aside while he chatted with the Clarksons, and ended up convincing them to keep the merger on track.
“Son of a bitch,” Tony swore, resisting the urge to swerve around and glare at Stern. “Seriously? Stern? Why didn’t you say anything?”
listen,” Tony interrupted, dropping the laughter and leaning down. “You tried to take my suits, you fuck, which was mistake number one. But now I know about the rest of it, Stern, and I’m coming for you. You and the other miserable bastards like you.”
Oh, Jesus, this was a bad idea. He was probably going to have to kill that hope at some point, was going to squash it like a bug if Loki had in fact been lying. But instead of taking it back, Tony said, “I’ll start a search for Barnes. Just in case. And then we’ll see if…and then we’ll see.”
“I”m all ears,”  Tony said after what felt like hours passed and Steve hadn’t elaborated. “Any time now, Cap.”
What the… “Yeah, that was before a norse god attacked and could come back and destroy us all in the blink of an eye. Threat is
“Does a bear shit in the woods? Don’t give me that look, it was a joke. Alright, I’m sorry, that question was tactless, you don’t even have to say anything. Come on, come on, Steve, time’s a-wasting, and I’ve got a lot to tell you before the sun comes up.”
Another shudder rolled through Clint, and Tony wondered if he should have found a way for Thor to distract the archer, as well. “He’s our goddamn handler,” Clint hissed, eyes narrowed. “What the hell game is Fury playing?”
Steve was already shaking his head. “You know what? I think I really do. Merry Christmas, Tony. May I?” he asked, and Tony’s brain short-circuited.
okay,” Steve amended when Tony gave him a look. “But…I’m working on it. It’s just…some nights are hard. Reminds me of when he fell, and I can’t help but…”
“I can’t, I don’t know how to flip the screen!” Happy snarled. “Don’t talk to me like that anymore, you’re not my boss.”
His favorite flight attendant — Heather, the one he’d known for years and who always made sure his coffee was hot and strong the way he loved — was the first to get sucked out.
“Yeah, I miss you too. But the way it used to be. Now you’re off with the super friends, and I don’t know what’s going on with you. The world’s getting weird.”
time?” Why was he always pissing people off so they wanted to kill him? Obie, Vanko, Loki, and now this Wrecking Crew? “And who gets mad at Point Break? I thought everybody loved him.”
, that he trusted her about as far as he could throw her. But so much had changed since Loki, Tony realized, as he stared into her steady green eyes. Right after the battle he knew he trusted her completely, and it was that certainty that calmed him as she stood there, waiting patiently for his answer. That he
Standing, he got up, ready to head out of the workshop and into the new team communal area. As he did, Natasha looked over, and smirked. “Are you and Steve are done gazing into each other’s eyes? Ready to fill the others in?”
Steve hovered a little, tentative and shy, not quite brushing their mouths together yet. This close, Tony could see how ridiculously long his lashes were, how a little bit of gold was flecked in the blue of Steve’s eyes as Steve peered at him from behind those lashes. A little uncertain that this was
“I know the feeling. I tried to get some rest, but just kept getting antsy. Thought I would come down here and be productive, instead. Hope you don’t mind.”
“Nobody calls me Nick. And definitely not Nicky,” Fury said pointedly, his scowl deepening. “And you could have e-mailed the hellicarrier upgrades. So I’m inclined to ask, again. What are you doing here?”
Bruce’s eyes widened at that, and Tony patted his arm reassuringly. “She’s just joking, big guy, no worries.”
“You…you really wanna know?” He’d been joking about talking Steve’s ear off, trying to distract him from his thoughts about Bucky. Hadn’t really thought Steve would be interested. No one ever really was, not even Rhodey or Bruce.
“You aren’t the weakest of us, Tony. Far from it. So when you are feeling like that, tell yourself you’re wrong, and come find any of us. We’ll tell you the same.”
Curling his hands around the coffee mug, Steve sighed. “Thanks, Tony, but I can’t help feeling like it is right now. It’s just…It’s only been a few weeks, but I thought I was beginning to understand this century. And now…aliens? Norse Gods?” Shaking his head, he took a sip of coffee. “I don’t know where to fit in with that. I don’t know what to trust.”
The first few weeks after the battle were weird. The team stayed around, because where else would they go? Loki was still out there, and Tony wasn’t about to forget it. He worked round the clock on his suits, while Steve and Net helped with cleanup, Clint tried to sort out the fact that he’d been mind-controlled, and Bruce helped Thor with leads on Loki. Fury was still a pain in his ass, but after learning he’d at least tried to stop the nuke before it took off, Tony would attempt to listen to him a little before hanging up. Pepper was in and out constantly, busier than any of them, and the worry lines on her face deepened every time she appeared to drag him out of the workshop to eat or sleep.
After making a half-assed bandage out of his shirt, Tony got on the bed behind Steve, and coaxed Steve into leaning back against his chest. It barely worked — Steve was so much bigger than Tony — but he sat up tall, sandwiching Steve between his legs and letting Steve sprawl out beneath him, keeping a sharp eye on his face for any pain. Still breathing in sharp pants, Steve allowed it, letting his head fall back onto Tony’s shoulder. Tony wrapped one arm around Steve, making sure he was sitting upright enough and comfortable, and kept the gauntleted arm aimed at the door, ready to fire at anyone that walked through the that wasn’t an Avenger.
“I am sorry, sir. But Agent Romanoff was the closest resident of the Tower, and I thought she could assist,” JARVIS said, obviously guessing what Tony was thinking.
DUM-E chirped again, and Tony went to the bot, putting his hand on the strut to soothe him, even though his vision was red with rage. “Yeah, because I’m not a super solider or a super spy. Right? I’m the squishy human you all have gotta protect, keep out of harm’s way.”
be? Steve, with his adorable blushes and smarts quips. Steve, with his absolute sense of loyalty and drive to stand up to bullies. Who spent weeks helping to clean up the mess after the Battle for New York, even with the possibility of Bucky being alive and Hydra being active churning in his mind. Looking so sad at times it broke Tony’s heart.
With a sigh, Tony leaned forward and rested his head against the window he’d been staring out. It wasn’t too far from the one Loki’d thrown him through — which was still sporting a Tony-sized gap in it, though someone had thrown a tarp over it to keep out the wind. He’d have to get that fixed soon.
“Lead the way,” he said, wincing again when this time Nat squeezed his arm a little too tight. Jesus, what had he done to invoke the wrath of the redheads?
Oh. Right. That made sense. Steve considered it a dare, and God knew the man didn’t back down from anything. Tony wasn’t sure why he suddenly felt like someone had taken his heart and yanked it out, but he managed to put on a smile anyway.
Tony’d found Maya as well, and while Killian was no longer around to answer for his crimes, she and Trevor Slattery would. It had to be enough, Tony told himself, while his body ached and groaned. They’d done well as a team, integrating Rhodey in seamlessly. That had to count for something. Plus, Happy had woken up, and was going to be allowed home soon. Really, everything ended about as well as he could have asked for.
“Well, I mean it. I ---“ Steve hesitated, then gulped, reaching a hand out — to do what Tony wasn’t sure — but then snatched it back, quickly as if changing his mind, accidentally bumping his hand into the board in the process. Chess pieces went rolling to the floor. “Oh, shoot,” he said, looking at the game pieces on the floor. “I should get that.”
Seeing Steve so happy made it easy to choke down his unrequited love (denial was not just a river in Egypt, Tony was the
Something slammed into the back of his head again, and this time, he did go to one knee. He dropped Steve’s shield, vision dancing again.
It was the wince at the end of Steve’s question that made the world snap into clarity. “You’re hurt.”
Before he’d hidden himself away in the workshop, he’d told the team they had a permanent place to stay if they needed it. The spy twins were grateful, but gone a lot, doing what Tony assumed was Fury’s bidding. While Tony was happy to see Clint seemed to be doing better, he wished they’d stuck around more. When he wasn’t helping with clean up, Steve drove around on his motorcycle a lot. Tony wanted to check in with him, make sure the guy was doing okay, he really did, but….he had to fix the suits.
Tony intended to keep it brief and silly, but Clint, the bastard, licked him, and so Tony bit him back in retaliation. Their kiss ended when Clint tried to slip him some tongue so Tony dropped him, and the archer clattered to the floor with a squawk.
“Why?” Natasha asked quietly. It wasn’t said unkindly, but even Tony heard the warning in them. If she didn’t like Steve’s answer…
“Me too,” Bruce admitted. “Alright. If you’ve really got it handled here with Tony, I’m going to go back and help Pepper. Thor and Jane and Darcy will be here soon. But let me know if he wakes and refuses to get more sleep. I’ll have Hulk drag him to bed if necessary.”
“Yah huh. Anytime,” Tony forced a grin on his face. This conversation was a disaster. Time for an exit, stage right. “Look, I’ve got a shitload of things to get started in terms of cleanup and repairs, so I’m just gonna go. Do that.”
“Steve. What happened to Barnes is not your fault. It’s not,” he repeated, when Steve made an agonized sound in the back of his throat and dropped onto the couch, head buried in his hands. Following him, Tony sat next to him, twisting so he could see Steve and say, “But you have to know that you might not always be able to control what happens to us. You might not be able to help one of us in time. And you’ll have to be able to live with that. And know it’s not your fault — we knew the deal and signed up anyway.”
Waving away a holo-image, Tony spun in his chair and frowned at Steve. “I’ve told Brucie-Bear and Thor a million times, Cap. I’ll be up as soon as I’m sure I’ve got plenty of working suits again. Give me a few more days. If Shield finds something in the meantime, I’ll be there in a heartbeat.”
“And then during the battle I had to sit there and watch my nightmare come to life,” she whispered, dropping her hands, bright blue eyes locking with his, “only I wasn’t
Giving the building the stink eye himself, Tony reported, “Hill says the agents aren’t able to close in without the baddies blasting at them with stolen Chitauri staves and guns. There’s also talk about a crowbar and a wrecking ball?”
“Fucking peachy,” Tony rasped, voice sounding like he’d spent the night screaming. Distantly, he wondered if he had.
Bruce saw him and hurriedly added, “But I think he’s going to be okay. The serum seems to be doing it’s work already. Can you get him into the jet for me, Tony?”
how a group like them will retaliate, what lengths they will go to in order to continue on. The things they do to stay on top are acts of nightmares, Tony, and you just unleashed the entirety of them.
Oh, right, he was supposed to be taking a break. Noticing that Anne Marie was standing up in the conference room he’d just left, and remembering he’d just lied to her and said he had Avengers business, Tony made a beeline for the elevator. “Right, yeah, we can head to my office and you can fill me in on anything new you’ve learned.”
Fingers tangled in his hair, bringing him back from the brink his mind had taken him to. He looked up to see Steve, staring at him, his color looking slightly better, carding his hand through Tony’s hair. Tony’s breath caught as Steve smiled softly, then reached out to trace a finger over Tony’s cheek.
“I’d be happy to provide you dinner, Stark,” Thor said, so earnestly that Tony couldn’t even mock him for it. Thor had been livid when he’d discovered Loki disappeared while he’d helped re-start Tony’s heart, but he’d calmed down when JARVIS asked for his help in getting Tony to the workshop.
“And I shouldn’t ask that of you, Tony. It isn’t right. So…so I think it might be best if I went back to Malibu,” she said quietly. “I’ve got our company to run.”
“You don’t have to hide that from us, Tony. We all have nights where we can’t sleep. You’re not alone in that.”
Busted, Steve ducked his head sheepishly for a moment, before lifting it back up and shrugging. “No, I don’t.”
Not looking away from the window, Steve said, “Maybe that’s a sign you should try to get some sleep, Tony.”
When the nurse walked in later, he had no idea how much time had passed. All he knew was that when he’d turned on the TV, he’d found Downton Abbey on, and the nurse was about to turn it off.
, he ordered his mouth, and to make sure he did so, he lifted his mug and took an obnoxiously long gulp of coffee. When he thought he could handle the embarrassment of picking the conversation back up, he risked a glance at Steve.
Steve squeezed the gauntlet. “I trust you.” He said it with such fierce, blazing eyes. Like he really did trust Tony, without hesitations.
Twenty minutes later, he some useful little home-made bombs. Silently sneaking through the Compound, Tony took out a few guards before finding an elaborate staircase and sneaking up it. A familiar room sprawled in front of him — the place the Mandarin recorded all his videos. Women were in the room, as was…a man who was definitely the Mandarin.
“Shit,” Tony uttered, managing to avoid being flattened by the left wing. But it clipped him, hard, in the right shoulder, sending him spiraling and smacking into another chunk of the plane, this time sending pain screaming up his leg.
Tony had been five the first time his dad had told him about the two best friends. Not having a best friend himself, he’d immediately wished he had a friend like Barnes or Cap. Thought it would have been incredible to have someone on your side like that, without a doubt. But now he had a best friend, and couldn’t imagine what it would have been like for Steve to lose Barnes like that. The thought of losing Rhodey, helpless to stop it, had the cold rushing through him again, making him shudder.
The thought of Hydra anywhere near Steve made his shoulder blades itchy too. So, he was clearly the best person to snoop around Shield for the time being. Besides. Fury had asked about suggestions for the hellicarriers. So what better way to hand them over (modified, of course, since he didn't know what side Fury was on) and get a chance to stick his nose in things he shouldn’t than by swinging by after a meeting he had with a shareholder?
He would have been more impressed than mad if he wasn’t sporting a horrendous headache, a burnt wrist, and stuck in a room that reminded him far too much of the cave. It was a basement of some sort, with too few windows, a bad smell, and definitely not where he wanted to be.
“Mind leaving that on?” he asked her. She jumped, clearly not aware he had still been sitting there, and he felt slightly bad, so he explained, “Downton Abbey. That’s his show. He thinks it’s elegant.” How many times had Happy rambled on about Mary and Matthew Crawley while driving Tony around? Taking a breath, pushing it down, Tony added, “One more thing. Make sure everyone wears their badges. He’s a stickler for that sort of thing, plus my guys won’t let them in without them.”
“Gentlemen,” he said, putting his hands in his pockets and strolling over, a wicked grin in place. “Having a good evening?”
“As you wish, sir,” JARVIS, the sass queen that he was, replied. Snorting, Tony rested his head against the elevator wall and tried not to wince. Thanks to the reactor going batshit, breathing was still a little difficult.
“Do the best he can,” she interrupted before he could insist on J’s ability to uncover everything. “I know that, Tony. But while they might not have you on their side, we shouldn’t assume they don’t have someone nearly as brilliant as you. That’s their whole deal — get the best scientists and engineers and twist them into believing what they are doing is right. They’ll have covered their tracks well, Tony. Even JARVIS might have to take a while to dig into it.”
Even as he pretended to scowl, relief flooded him. It could work. The Avengers, as a team. It could really work.
His cameras zoomed in and Tony caught sight of a flash of blue at the gaping hole. Once again, his stomach dropped and nearly fell out his ass. A figure
“I saved the city,” Tony grumbled though he snorted at the hair joke. “And this is the thanks I get?”
It might have made him hurry to the other end of the pool for a bit until he could get ahold of himself, but it had definitely provided an image that he would never regret: Steve, laughing and carefree and beautiful, surrounded by moonlight and the ocean.
“Pepper. Pep, I can’t quit. Not while Loki’s free. I have to protect the Earth, I have to do everything I can…”
Heels clicked down the hallway long after the team returned from shawarma. Tony instinctively hunched a bit at the sound, well-used to what that precise stye of clicking meant. He was definitely in for a lecture. He was a little surprised it had taken this long, but then again, maybe he shouldn’t have been. The city had been a hot mess when they’d ventured from the tower to get dinner. No doubt getting through the airport security and then the nightmare that was the streets of New York took a while. He understood that, respected that.
He’s not wrong, you really should get some sleep. But if it were me, and I were in your place? Nothing would move me, either, so I get it.”
“Good. See that you do,” Tony said finally, voice showing more emotion than he meant. If something happened to Steve, if he got hurt trying to get back to them, and Tony wasn’t there to stop it…
Taking his weight, Thor steered him back to the workshop. “Stark, you need to sit down. In truth, Captain, I do not know why Loki would do such a thing. But have no fear. We will figure out my brother’s scheme. But first we must get Stark checked over by his JARVIS.”
“I….uh. Um.” Clearing his throat, Tony glanced back at the coffee, feeling his face heat. “Thanks, Cap.”
“You did good, Tony, I think that helped,” Bruce said, squeezing the arm Tony had around Steve. “We need to get him out of here, though. With Thor in New Mexico, I’m not sure how to get him into the Quinjet without causing more damage.”
And at some point, he still had a shit load of green energy prototypes to get to his R&D department. Not to mention more suits to build.
“That’s not on you,” Tony said forcefully, getting to his feet. “Steve. He tricked you, played on your emotions. That’s not on you. You’ve got nothing to be sorry for.”
“Well, trace the call and tell them to get here, pronto. I’ve got a feeling I’m in the same location as the Mandarin.”
Behind him Steve entered much more calmly, looking slightly dazed. Tony had to hide a laugh. Thor sometimes left you with the feeling of being bamboozled. Then he straightened, the memory of the night before popping up. Shit, he was supposed to have met up with Steve. Risking a glance at the captain, Tony tried to appear apologetic (no need for them to go back to screaming at each other like they were back on the helicarrier) but Steve wasn’t even looking his way. Instead, Rogers was looking out the window, his face tight and drawn.
“That’s enough.” Thor’s words snapped through the room, stilling him. Stung, Tony watched him rise off the couch and walk over to Steve. “You fought admirably Captain, but Stark is right. You should allow Banner to check over you without argument.” When Steve nodded, looking down, Thor turned to Tony. “And you. Brothers of battle will get injured from time to time. It’s bound to happen to all of us, sooner or later.”
Smiling softly, Steve leaned back, lifting his t-shirt to pull it up and out of the way, pale and weary. “It’ll be okay. I trust you.”
“Right. We need to figure out what the hell’s going on,” Tony said. “JARVIS, can we get in touch with him without any other agents of Shield knowing?”
“If you’re right about the Hydra/AIM connection, I’ve not only kept them from getting my suits —which they would use in horrible ways — but stopped them from gaining Killian’s fire army. And I’m sure there were some of their moles in the WSC, when they issued the order to nuke New York. I stopped that from happening, as well, by nuking the mothership instead. Judging from the recent attack on the plane, they’re pretty pissed at me.”
“Love you,” he mumbled, tipping his face into the pillow. He didn’t ask why she didn’t call back. Didn’t have the strength for the answer.
Tony was making pretty decent headway with the suits when he realized his eyes were so heavy he was about to fall right over. He was up to Mark 11, and was pretty proud of it. Sure, Pepper wasn’t thrilled with the amount of time he’d spent in the workshop, but the team had made sure he came up for air every once in a while, so really, there was nothing to be concerned about. He slept.
“It’s not good,” Bruce told Clint as Tony approached, and Tony froze, closing his eyes, and shuddering, grateful that JARVIS silenced the sound that escaped him at Bruce’s statement.
“Great,” Tony said as the limo arrived. Snagging his sunglasses out of his pocket, Tony slid them on and took a deep breath. “Let’s crack on then, shall we?”
“I trust you, Tony,” she repeated, the emphasis making his jaw drop. “The man that offered to fly Phil to Portland to keep the love alive.” Her voice cracked on Agent’s name, but she didn’t look away. Neither did Tony. For the life of him, he couldn’t look away from those fierce green eyes, locked on him with intent and passion.
, it’ll hurt like hell even at a low setting, Steve, and a stun won’t cut it, are you out of your goddamned …”
“He’s the one you made go stand on the balcony and wait for you on New Year’s Eve in Switzerland,” Pepper scolded. “Back in 2000? I don’t think he ever got over that.”
Unfortunately, Steve caught Tony’s smirk. His eyes narrowed for a moment, and then he stuck out his chin and nodded. “Fine. But only if you check over Tony, too.”
“Of course he will, JARVIS is my baby, he would never pick anyone else over me. Right, J?” Tony asked, looking expectantly at the ceiling.
“I’d kinda prefer to tell you about it when you don’t look like you’re about to fall asleep on your feet,” Steve said dryly, and Tony burst out laughing.
Dashing through, not looking at Steve, he opened all the cabinets in the kitchen, and came up with nothing.  Then he searched the dusty bookcase by the wall and opened the drawers in the dresser, praying that maybe there was at least a sewing kit.
“Come on, Maya, we gotta move, we gotta get the hell outta —shit!” Tony yelped, as Fire Guy lunged. Throwing himself backward, Tony avoided getting hit again by snatching up a fire extinguisher and yanking the pin. Aiming wildly, he covered Fire Guy with foam. The dude stopped dead, cursing up a storm, and Tony grinned with satisfaction.
“Anyway. All’s well that end’s well,” he wrapped up. “And it’s pretty late. Sorry, but I’ve got to end story-time and hit the hay.”
“That he literally ripped my heart out of my chest? Yeah, that’s what I meant. He went after the reactor.”
“Don’t take it personally. I don’t remember what I had for breakfast. Maya.” He said, just to watch her eyes widen, and then roll. Of course he’d recognized her — with all the talk of New Year’s Eve and Killian and Switzerland, he’d racked his brain to try and remember something.
“I”m gonna fucking kill him!” Tony swore, urging the suit to go even faster up and after Steve, and then swore some more as he got close and the plane exploded above them.
Sighing, Tony continued, “Until he had to go and make an asinine decision. Honestly, who does he think he is?”
Yanking at the zip ties, Tony snapped, “Or you could get me outta here! Come on. You used to have morals, you used to help people. Cut me loose, help me end this.”
“Okay.” Tony ran the possibilities in his mind, trying to sort it out. “It could have been a joke, Cap. Some agent messing with the dude from the 40s.”
“Don’t argue with me on this,” Bruce said, as the kettle started shrieking. “I don’t want to hear one of my best friends talk about himself that way. It’ll make me angry.”
Both wrists free, he stumbled forward, unused to not hanging by his arms yet. Steve gently caught him. Incredibly turned on (how did Steve manage to smell so good after being on a mission for several weeks? Tony wanted to bury his nose in his neck and breathe him in forever), and well aware it was not appropriate, Tony quickly shifted, so that Steve had no idea Tony was pathetically and inappropriately lusting over him.
The place was awfully overdone, he thought, looking around while he strolled through the lobby. And that was saying something, coming from him. It was like a fortress out by the Potomac, but lacked style.
“Aldrich didn’t get me into anything, I did it for myself. Do you remember my plant, and how I was working on Extremis? Trying to access the area of the brain that governs repair and chemically recode it? Thirteen years ago, I was close, Tony. And now I’ve almost got it. It’s working, it’s nearly there. We’ve had so many test subjects succeed, and even more that almost did.”
“J-JARVIS?” he stammered, pressing a hand to the reactor. Fuck, shit, his chest was tight. It wasn’t the reactor glitching again, it was fine, but just in case… “Check the heart, check the…is it my brain?”
“Oh,” Tony said again, pathetically. Correction, he wasn’t an idiot, he was a complete ass. “I’m so sorry, Steve.”
“I was supposed to make you leave, make you get some rest. But we both know that wasn’t gonna happen, so I didn’t even bother. Now your Science Bro is annoyed, and is coming down here to fetch you himself. If you pretend you’re asleep, he might not yell at us.”
” he said, holding his hands out and landing on the floor with a thunk. “Maybe we can work a few things out, huh?”
“No, he wants to talk about his company, Advanced Idea Mechanics. They’ve had some breakthroughs they think SI can assist with.”
“It can’t be anything weaponizable,” he said immediately, feeling slightly sick. His past never stopped coming back to haunt him, but that didn’t mean he needed to repeat his mistakes.
Oh. Well. That voice was okay, he liked that voice — it sent warmth radiating from his head to his toes. He could wake for that voice. “Nuuuuuuuugh,” Tony managed.
So Tony kept close to Natasha, danced and laughed with her, and as the night wore on, he had to admit that it hadn’t been nearly as awful as he’d thought it would be. By the time they made their way back to Pepper (and
“We’re not under forty, it’s fine,” he huffed. A group with guns circled him, and Tony desperately, desperately wanted to deploy a laser or missile or two but refrained from doing so. Some of them looked young, (too young, one of them freaking looked sixteen or so) and Steve said to be careful. So instead he held out his hands and fired stuns while they repeatedly shot him with their stolen guns, the purple flaring so brightly he had to blink, the force of their attack so strong he had to struggle to keep from dropping to one knee. Shot after shot rammed into the armor, hitting his chest and helmet. More dizzy then he would like to admit, already tired thanks to the fight with Bulldozer, Tony struck back with more ferocity than he’d started with, struggling to stay standing as two more joined the gathering around him.
Tony did, only because he was able to plant a little device on the flower pot on the way to the door. Fury would find it in an hour, no doubt, but maybe JARVIS would get something good while he got the chance.
“Right.” Tony unlocked the briefcase as the plane jerked and dropped again, getting it into position as the flight attendants started to shout. He jerked his head up as the suit folded around him, watching with terror in his throat as Steve bounded away from Tony and toward the sound of people needing help.
“Sure,” Tony said, feeling something twist between them that he couldn’t name. Kinship, sure, and camaraderie. But there was something else, that pulsed and beat between them, that had a dopey smile appearing on Tony’s face. “See you soon, then, Cap.”
Oblivious to the weirdness between Steve and Tony, Thor once again gestured for Tony to sit down. Then he took the wires Tony held and said, “We’ll just look at those injuries, as well as your heart.”
The archer didn’t even try to hide his shit-eating grin. “Look, Tony. We’re under the mistletoe together.”
Alright, so that was more than a few cuts and bruises. His entire left side was turning purple, particularly around his ribs. Guess that explained why it was so hard to breathe. There were also far more gashes along his arms and chest than he’d realized. Apparently getting thrown around by the Chitauri had slammed pieces of the armor’s plates he hadn’t realized were broken and jagged into various places on his body. That was a problem, one he’d have to focus on when starting the next Mark. Couldn’t have his own damn armor piercing his skin, that was ridiculous.
“I’m not entirely sure. The plane had a bomb. Well, a few bombs, which is interesting as everyone led me to believe that was an impossibility these days,” Steve said.
“Okay, Cap, what have we got?” he asked, and then nearly doubled over as Steve finally moved his arm, and he got his first look at the wound. “Oh, Jesus. Steve.”
“Came for you, actually.” Steve lifted a white bag in his hand and Tony instantly started to drool, stomach rumbling loudly. “JARVIS mentioned you had back to back meetings today, and I know you were up early discussing bi-frost physics with Bruce and Jane this morning and didn’t eat. Thought you might appreciate lunch.”
“Phil wouldn’t have gone along with it. He wouldn’t…he wouldn’t do that.” Voice trembling, Clint rubbed a hand at his mouth. “Not unless there was no other choice.”
ALSO. It's Chapter 8 and we are just now acknowledging FEELINGS. Omg. My bad. (falls over because these two idiots in love are gonna be the death of me)
“You hit your head pretty hard, huh?” Steve asked, blue eyes flicking up to search Tony’s face. “You with me, Shellhead?”
“They seem to want your and Thor’s heads on a platter, actually,” Hill said, and Tony let out an enormous sigh.
Because it was true, Tony shut up and swiped at his own phone, looking up Aldrich Killian. A smug face smiled out at him, with various news articles listed underneath.
“Well, he is the top spy. His secrets have secrets and whatnot,” Tony said, though he knew it was a useless comfort. “To be honest, I don’t truly think he is, either. But I have an astonishingly bad track record of trusting the wrong people, so…you know. Make your own call.” Shrugging, he gingerly stood up, and was happy the room didn’t spin.
, Pep. I have to do everything I can to make sure the earth, to make sure you are protected. That means sticking with the Avengers.”
Eying the board, Tony deftly moved his king out of harm’s way, and laughed when Steve pouted. “Nice try, but you know it’s hard to best me in chess. Anyway. No, I meant with the 21st century thing. It’s been about eight months or so since you came out of the ice, right? You doing okay with all that?”
His face turned red, but Steve stood straight and said, “No. He used the scepter to make me sleep, and got away.”
Which meant when Pepper called, demanding to know if he would be appearing at the Holiday Gala they always attended together, (that she’d already flown to New York for), he reluctantly agreed to make an appearance, and finally left Steve’s side to go get dressed.
And he’d get over it, he told himself, getting up to go stare out into the night. It wasn’t like his feelings would be reciprocated, not by Mr Straight from the 40s. Not when Steve was still so in love with Peggy Carter. So. He’d pine quietly, until the little crushed passed, and that’d be that.
After crafting Steve a much better uniform, Tony upgraded the rest of the team’s outfits and weapons, all the while advancing his own suits. Pepper handled most of SI’s important meetings, but he still had to show up weekly, and deal with Anne Maria and DoDC. Heads had indeed rolled about the stolen Chitauri weapons, and Tony had thoroughly enjoyed witnessing Anne Marie skewer a few workers that had gotten too complacent.
It took him a moment. Tony glanced down, not understanding at first, then glanced, snapping his eyes back to Steve’s. “No.
Steve frowned. “I don’t know what you mean, but we can go over it later, we need to get out of here. Do you need help?”
Sighing, Rhodey extended an arm to Pepper. “I think we’re needing to be somewhere else right now. You interested in getting dessert, Pepper?”
“Friends!” Thor boomed, sauntering in, swinging Mjolnir. “You have already gathered! Splendid! Our Captain would like to speak with us, and you have made it so convenient to convene.”
He lost track of how many hits the suit took. But it had survived the actual battle with the Chitauri, and it would damn well hold up against the group attacking them now. He stormed his way to the back, shooting beams of his own, the blue tangling with the purple, and started stunning as many as he could.
injuries. The ankle should heal quickly, thank goodness. And it should be okay for him to sleep with the concussion, but keep an eye on him, okay? He’s had too many concussions since Loki. It worries me.”
They’d made progress. He contented himself with that while staring at the latest facts and figures from DoDC. Thor’s girlfriend, Jane, and her intern, Darcy, had indeed moved into the Tower. They spent most of their time trying to reconnect to the bifrost, (looping in a reluctant, but dedicated Bruce) so that Thor could return to Asgard and see if his friend Heimdall could find Loki. In the meantime, Darcy also worked with Thor on checking Twitter hashtags, as there were quite a lot of groupies dedicated to the God of Mischief. Sightings and claims that Loki was still on Earth would pop up every once in a while, and Darcy would work with Thor on what could be legit and what could not.
“Yep, sounds good,” he managed, suddenly now desperate to get the hell off the call. “Talk soon, Cap,” he said, and hit disconnect, heart pounding wildly.
“The man that offered a friendship to Banner, no hesitations or strings attached whatsoever,” she continued. “The one who didn’t hesitate when it came to saving New York, in knowing what he had to do.”
“Hmmm,” is all Fury said, placing his hands on the desk. “What do you want me to tell you, Stark? That Shield is creating a suit of armor around the world? That’s your gig, not mine. And you and Cap shut down our Tesseract operation. What do you want from me?”
pouting at the fact he was left behind, Tony once again buried himself in work, and tried not to think about how much he missed Steve. So he had to admit, he was completely shocked when the solider walked in two days later, looking tired and grumpy. For a moment he blinked, wondering if his thoughts somehow magically conjured the captain. But then Steve slumped down into the couch, still dressed in his gear, and ran a hand through his hair.
part of his file pretty fucking heavily. Only Rhodey and Pepper knew the true details of that portion of the night. Coulson and Nat had probably guessed — Stane had to have gotten a reactor to power Iron Monger somehow— but they’d never asked, and he’d never told.
“Steve….” He couldn’t. He couldn’t. How could he do that, how the hell could Steve even ask such a thing?
A tightness that had nothing to do with the reactor occurred in his chest. “Weren’t you busy being a Capsicle at the time? What would you know about it?”
“Right,” Tony said, having no clue how to respond to that. “Well. Crisis over. You can go back to being a sneaky spider now.”
A warning for anyone who may need it: Like in IM3, Tony has a brief anxiety attack about the events that happened regarding the wormhole. Please take care!
“Well why don’t I accompany you and make sure that actually happens. Or that you don’t get kidnapped again.”
Maria filled Steve in while Tony tilted his head, doing his own scan. There was four of them total, spread throughout the building. Really, it should be a piece of cake. He’d let Thor take the ones on the top floor, give Steve free reign to get the guy on the lower floor, and smash his way through a window in the middle and take last guy.
“I’ll be goddamned,” Fury muttered. The glare was back, and deeper than ever. “Of course she likes you.”
At her snort, he huffed out a laugh and amended his words. “Well, I’m banged all to hell, but it could be worse, so I’ll take it.”
The blush was back, only this time it wasn’t really as endearing. “I uh…that’s part of why I acted. I don’t like seeing you hurt, either.”
“It was me,” he said slowly, holding out his hands, and then letting them drop. “Oh, god. It was me.”
“I won’t tell you a thing until you’ve got a good nights sleep, and a clear mind,” Steve said. “I need your genius, on this, Stark. I’m stuck, but you’re no help to me exhausted and snappish. So get some beauty sleep. See you in the morning,” he added as the elevator reached his floor and he walked out.
But he didn’t want to believe Fury would be a Nazi. The man had saved his life with the palladium poisoning, after all.
Steve nodded again, and stuck out his hand. Tony must have been more tired than he thought, because for some reason he found that hilarious, and nearly doubled-over again while they shook.
“Think there’sss a cabin, up head,” Steve said, and Tony’s stomach turned to ice at the slur in his words.
Blinking, Tony ran a hand over his face and replayed the conversation as the elevator swept to the penthouse. “J, am I hallucinating, or did he just compliment me?”
Okay, that was….dropping his arms, Tony tried to keep hold of his righteous anger as exhaustion washed over him, but it was damned difficult. “What do you want, Maya?”
“We could use a little help, Tony,” Steve said, and his voice sounded strained enough that Tony put more oomph into the thrusters and bulleted down. Zooming through, Tony burst into the parking garage and felt like he was in a scene from Star Wars.
“If we’re going to work as a team, you have to trust us,” Natasha said, finishing up one sandwich and sliding the plate his way.
“Yah huh. Listen, Barton I don’t know what you all are up too…” he started, then burst out laughing as Clint closed his eyes, puckered up his lips, and leaned forward. “Oh for fuck’s sake,” Tony laughed, but went along. Stepping up to Clint, Tony wrapped an arm around him, dipped him, and pressed their lips together.
Tony’s nostrils flared at the mention of Sitwell. Guy seemed like your general rule follower, almost reminding him of Agent Agent. Yet there was no doubt about what he’d whispered to Steve in the hallway. Tony had watched the footage himself. JARVIS was running a more in-depth check on him as they spoke.
, what the hell, how had they dragged his Science Bro into it?) had only been trying to help, Tony let Nat off the hook, and let his annoyance at her go. It wouldn’t have been worth it to be mad, he thought, as they drifted from one group to the other, making small talk. It wasn’t their fault they they’d figured out he was pathetically and ridiculously in love with Steve.
“Sorry, Point Break. You’re right. You did nothing wrong. Well, you could have shocked the hell out of everybody a little sooner, and somehow you pissed off the Wrecking Crew by just breathing, but that’s nitpicking. Our fearless fucking leader, on the other hand…”
“Will you let it go?” Steve ran a hand through his hair, wincing as the movement jostled his injuries.
Collapsing into bed, Tony flipped JARVIS off. “You’re a snarky bastard too. Why is that so appealing to me?”
“I”m sorry, Tony. But I need you to fix Extremis.” Standing, Maya walked to the door. Then she hesitated. “I’ll do my best to help you fix it so that Pepper isn’t harmed.”
“I crashed a plane into the arctic, and I’m alive. What if he made it, Tony? What if whatever Zola did to him let him live, and Loki was telling the truth? They never found the body.
“Huh,” Tony snorted. He had to admit, he kinda liked the snarky side of Rogers. “All right then. I’ll try to get a few hours of sleep, then. Hold my calls, will you?”
“Are you two going to sleep the day away, or can I get somebody to help me with my boredom?” Clint complained, hours later. Startling, Tony lifted his head off Natasha’s shoulder, and blinked at him. The archer perched on the edge of the couch, frowning down at Natasha and Tony with his arms crossed.
“Actually.” Tony swerved on his heel, turned back to Steve. “It’s almost breakfast time. I need pancakes. You want pancakes?”
“You’re the only one not featured on the Avengers page. Come on, Stark, people are starting to think it’s not legit.”
“Stark is right.” Rising, Thor crossed over to all of them. Slowly, Bruce rose and walked over too, so they were all standing in a small circle. “If this is anyone’s fault, it is my own. Loki is my brother, and…”
“Oh.” It almost looked like disappointment flickered through the captain’s eyes, but surely Tony saw that wrong. “Of course. I’ll, um. I’ll see you later, then.”
He recently learned what that was like while he watched the nuke destroy the mother ship. Wasn’t something he’d wish on anyone.
“Then I’ll take a look at what you’ve got, expand on it a bit. I’ll help, Steve. You don’t have to do this alone. You should have told us earlier you were this worried about what Loki said.”
“I’ll always be there for you,” she continued. “As your CEO and friend. But I can’t…I just can’t any other way. Not without asking you to stop.”
“How…What made you think…no, you know what? I’m gonna need alcohol for this. JARVIS, hold my calls. Cap, let’s head to the workshop, and then you can fill me in on what the fuck I’ve missed.” Popping his sandwich in his mouth, Tony strode out of the room, mind on overdrive. Hydra?
“Upgrades. And then more upgrades. And I thought about making Darcy a new taser for her Christmas present.”
“Just don’t let her near Thor with it,” Steve murmured, making Tony laugh out loud. Grinning back, Steve wandered over to Tony’s hall of armors, showcasing his original suits.
All his new ones were stored in the New York workshop, but the first few remained in Malibu, which Tony thought was fitting. They’d gotten their start together, there. As if picking up on his thoughts, Steve wandered to Mark II and III, tilting his head to study them.
She took it, not saying a word, rage radiating from her as they walked out of the building and waited for the limo. Tony, a grown ass super-hero who had saved the world more than a few times now, absolutely did
“Not at all. I gave you permission, remember? Besides, that’s my kinda thinking,” Tony said, stepping up next to him. “What were you working on?”
“I don’t think Fury is Hydra,” she said slowly, weighing the question over. “I don’t think he would do that. But…I can’t find evidence either way.”
“Ah. Am I interrupting?” a new voice asked from the hallway. Twisting, Tony turned to see Bruce staring at them amusedly, wringing his hands slightly.
“Come on,” he muttered as Fire Guy wiped the foam from his face and stepped forward. Cursing, Tony tried to get out of reach, but wasn’t fast enough. Fire Guy’s hand flung out, latching onto one of the bracelets on Tony’s wrist. Intense pain, brilliant and so harsh air fled his lungs, erupted down his arm.
Bruce and Thor dropped by numerous times. They brought food, and tried to get him to leave, but Tony only grunted at them, and ate while he worked. Thor kept the bots company, and had ridiculous conversations with JARVIS about Earth culture and customs. Unfortunately, he would eventually start waxing poetic about Jane, and that was when Tony would have to kick him out. He just couldn’t deal with a happy couple right then.
Rolling out of bed, he stretched, and threw on a sweatshirt, preparing to go down to the workshop. Sleep wouldn’t be possible again, prior experience told him that. He could go find Rhodey, or Nat or Clint, but didn’t want to bother them. They’d wake, he knew. They’d make hot cocoa and watch movies with him, but he didn’t feel like being soothed or comforted.
“Nat,” he said, a shiver running down his back at the way her eyes were wide and wild. It wasn’t anger, he realized, as she balled her hands into fists and then forcibly relaxed them, over and over and over. It wasn’t anger surging through her.
but the more Tony thought of it, the more the idea grew on him. Steve could relax and hang out at the pool or the ocean while Tony was in meetings, and then in the evenings they could get dinner together and watch movies and do all the stuff Tony loved to do with the team, but just the two of them.
reminds me of cake.” Lightly wrapping his arm around Bruce’s shoulders, he guided the doctor to the doors. “Come, Banner, help me gather drinks for the team. I need assistance with the tea. “Tis not my preference, and I’ve not mastered the mechanics of the kettle. It’s a truly vexing mechanism.”
“Killian has Pepper,” Maya said, and his stomach dropped, her words taking the air right out of his chest. “He’s planning on using her to get you to do what he wants. He’ll inject her with Extremis.”
“You sure? Natasha said we needed to have an immediate team meeting, but I can cover for you if you need a minute.”
“Do not worry, Stark, we’ll patch you up,” Thor said, stepping back. “You and the Captain will be ready for revels soon enough.”
“I’m actually calling regarding a meeting I have tomorrow. An Aldrich Killian has requested to meet with me.”
I love hurt/comfort, especially one character is injured and the other has to take care of them in impossible surroundings. Sabre's  take on the "convenient cabin while injured" is one of my favorite examples of this, and I think this chapter and the next borrows a bit from that and remixes it for this story --- so I want to humbly thank sabre for that story and all the other wonderful ones posted!
“That’s what we’re gonna do!” he said, ignoring the way sweat beaded on his forehead at JARVIS’s words. “Come on, Jasper, grab your monkey!” Tony shouted, and Jasper reached his hand out…
Three hours later, after staring at the ceiling and getting absolutely nowhere counting sheep, Tony untangled himself from Pepper and got up. Four am was close enough to being a decent time to start the day — he’d only be rising just a bit earlier than normal. Not a big deal at all. Swiftly pulling his shirt back on, (pressing his lips together to quiet any groans he might let out as his body protested), he cast one glance back at Pepper, and sighed. Her strawberry hair splayed over the pillow, and he wanted nothing more than to crawl back in with her and pass out.
“Maybe he decided he didn’t need to mind fuck people anymore and let it go. F’ckin’ Loki,” Tony mumbled around a yawn. Though it
Wasn’t that why he had put on the suit to begin with? Not to fight gods, not to take on armies, but to help the ones who couldn’t defend themselves? Who the hell did he think he was? And now Happy, Happy, was unconscious in a hospital bed, because Tony had stepped out, had decided to let somebody else handle it.
This time, Steve didn’t bother hiding the grin. “You know what? I think I am. Your music is atrocious, Tony.”
“Right,” Shaking his hands, wincing at the pins and needles that erupted through them as the blood started flowing again, he looked at Steve and Natasha. “He’s got Pepper, we need to find her immediately. And Rhodey’s here somewhere, we gotta get him, too. Killian’s got big plans for tonight, we need to to stop him.”
“Ah…thanks?” Tony said, as Thor nodded, beaming, and stepped aside to reveal Clint. Tony blinked. “You’ve got to be kidding.”
“Come on. I gotta know. Tell me something. I can be quiet when you tell the rest of the team, I promise.”
“Jesus,” Steve whispered. Tony agreed, feeling his stomach twist. Special methods? What the fuck did that mean?
“He really needs to stop——“ Bruce took a deep breath. “What am I saying? It’s Tony, so of course he’s blaming himself for everything. I just really wish he wouldn’t.”
Wrapping his hand around the mug he offered, Tony laughed and stared down at the little teabag, letting the heat from the mug spread through him, banishing the clamminess and chill that had lingered ever since his call with Happy ended.
“Right. Of course,” Steve said, and followed Tony out of the garage and up the stairs, eerily quiet.
“Look, I’m sorry, Cap, but you’ve got to be overreacting. There’s just no way. Not with Fury in charge, he’s on the level. It was a joke, or something. Right, Nat? Nat?”
We are going to have words about that, I promised you we would. Then you walked through the woods and failed to tell me how injured you were. Did you forget about that? Because I did not, Steven, not even a little bit. So now I’m gonna tell you—“
Tower. Safe. He heard the words but didn’t register them, struggling to breathe. Air, he needed air, but there was no air in space, and the suit wasn’t sustained for that kind of thing. There would be no oxygen for him, there, in the maw of the abyss, where nothing but cold darkness surrounded him while above an army Earth could never be prepared for waited.
“Well, the technology took a bit of learning, but I think I picked it up alright. JARVIS is a lifesaver, and the internet? So helpful. Why? Does it seem like I’m struggling?”
“Great. Let me know if you wanna pop down to the workshop the rest of the night, I could use someone to bounce ideas off myself, to be honest. Unless you don’t feel like listening to me ramble on about the sheer genius of the Mark 11, but then you would be wrong, and you’re a smart man, so don’t be wrong,” Tony said, moving to get the coffee.
“I mean it. Cap went ballistic when Nat told us you’d been taken. We were outta Prague and in the air in minutes.”
“What?” Steve’s eyes snapped to his, still bright, but…but filled with something else. Tony felt the enormity of his words settle on his shoulders as he realized it was hope. Steve was looking at him with such hope, like Tony was throwing him a lifeline he hadn’t realized he needed.
“You know Clint and I have been monitoring Sitwell and the STRIKE team since Steve’s discovery,” she said quietly, barely loud enough for Tony to hear. “And how careful and quiet we’ve had to be about it, so that no one higher up catches wind of our investigating. Sitwell, the little shit, has been cautious too. We haven’t gotten anything from him since he met with Rumlow and we found out about the STRIKE team. Until he had a meeting recently and whispered our favorite little phrase at the end.” She paused, lifting an eyebrow at Tony. “Guess who he met with?”
“I…” What was his life? Now he had to choose between pathetically attempting at getting more sleep without a terrifying nightmare, or having a snack with a terrifying assassin?
Refusing to be the weakest link on the team, Tony turned back to Thor. “Here’s my deal, Point Break. I’ll sit here and let you and J look over my ticker if Spangles over there gets some ice and that stomach wound looked at.”
Though his wrist throbbed with pain, Tony pushed it aside while he tackled the guy on the right. Going down in a tangle of limbs, Tony twisted, popped back onto his knees, and caught the guy’s arm when he tried to throw a punch. Holding tight, Tony slammed his right hand onto the guy’s arm in a Krav Maga move Natasha had taught him. Before the guy could do more than bellow in pain, Tony pounced again, tackling the other opponent in the knees and dragging him down too.
“Hi,” Tony said softly, as Steve’s eyes searched the room and landed on him. The hand he’d held non-stop since they got back to the Tower squeezed his tightly, and Tony was seriously tempted to fall to the floor in a hysterical sobbing mess. But instead of letting his desire to get a little weepy take over, Tony squeezed Steve’s hand right back. “Nice to see you awake, there, Cap. You doing okay? You alright? Ah! A little nod yes. Good, that’s good.  You’re up and not looking too confused, that’s a great sign, Bruce will be pleased. And you aren’t able to go anywhere, which is even better, because you have to listen to everything I’ve got to say. Don’t ya, Cap? So let’s start off on all the reasons I am tattling on you to Bruce and Natasha. First off, you leapt out of a plane without a parachute. Second,
“Gods, aliens, other dimensions,” Tony placed his hands on the counter, fought not to fidget. “I…I’m just a man in a can. The only reason I haven’t cracked up is probably because you guys moved in. Which is great. But, uh. I can’t sleep. You guys go to bed, and I go downstairs. I do what I know. I tinker.”
Of course. Shit. They’d found nothing since Tony expanded the parameters of the search. Tony wasn’t sure what that meant. It could mean that Loki had been lying, like they’d thought all along, but something about it just didn’t sit right. “I’m sorry, Steve.”
“Easy, Stark.” Natasha. That was the Widow’s voice, and what the hell was Natalie Rushman doing in his goddamn bedroom? Snarling, Tony tried to shove her away, but he didn’t have the energy to do much more than swat at her.
They promised to be back well before Christmas, and Clint had finally stopped whining, and seemed content with that.
“I…” Brain still fuzzy by what had happened (Steve had kissed him. Sure it had been a dare and would never happen again, but Steve had
“Take them down quickly and carefully,” Steve said. “We don’t want anyone accidentally triggering the bomb. Be on alert. Let’s get this done as efficiently as possible. Ready? Let’s go.”
Steve nodded. “I think there’s a good chance they’re using it the same way Fury used the Tesseract. To study it — and to make weapons.”
him — flashed through Tony’s mind, making his mouth water and his dick twitch. And well, alright, good to know that was in the game too, it wasn’t just his heart and emotions on the line here. He had the whole packing deal going on.
“It appears a group of the Wrecking Crew’s friends has surged out of a basement entrance, sir. Captain Rogers and Mr. Odinson are engaging them in the building’s parking garage.”
“Right.” Snapping out of it, Tony hurtled the suit out of the hole, grateful he never went anywhere without it, and scanned the skies for the tumbling attendants. “J, how many can I carry?”
“Yeah, okay, sure, but he is the squishy human who threw away his shield to help out a teammate entirely covered in armor. It was a bad call.”
look firmly on his face. The dark-haired woman who’d hailed him recoiled slightly at the look in his eyes, but didn’t back down as she continued to approach.
“You’re hurt.” Reaching out gently, Steve nudged Tony’s face to the side so he could get a better look at the bruise Killian’s goon had given him. Then his other hand went to Tony’s bandaged wrist, fingers scraping lightly on Tony’s forearm. Tony shuddered, the full-body shiver lighting him up from head to toes at Steve’s soft touch on his skin. Fuck, how was he supposed to
“I love you,” she said, and he nearly fell to his knees. Fuck, what was he doing, was this really happening? How had they gotten here, how had he fucked it all up?
He shot through a window, shattering glass everywhere and not giving a damn. The floor he’d selected was large and mostly empty — but there! One lone man in the corner, with a Chitauri gun and a weird armored helmet.
“He’s hurt,” Tony said, voice wobbly — and shit, when had the tears started building again, what the hell was with his emotions today? Breath hitching, he stared at Natasha, chin trembling. “Nat, he’s hurt.”
Once upon a time, he would have taken the kiss as deep as he could have gotten away with, using his tongue and hands and teeth to make the lady weak in the knees. But this was Natasha, and she’d had his back and saved his ass a lot lately, so he only kept the kiss soft and sweet.
” Tony said softly but forcefully, terrified as he watched Steve’s hands clench and unclench, while he practically vibrated from terror. “You can’t blame yourself for what happened to him. Whether he survived or not, what happened to him isn’t your fault, Steve. He wouldn’t want you blaming yourself.”
He’d just have to be better about keeping his feelings in check. Especially now that Steve was recovered from the plane mishap. No reason to continuing to be a mother hen, Steve himself would only catch on if Tony continued to fawn all over him.
Jesus, the ground was coming up rather fast. “Come on, one last monkey, you’ve got this Kit, grab him.”
Steve’s eyes briefly cut away from the window to glance at Tony, before quickly resuming their survey of the city. “Some people like the rain.”
A flinch went through him at that — he couldn’t help it. She wasn’t the only one who’d thought he wouldn’t make it out of that portal. “Not dead. Just tired.”
Wandering out to the main area, Tony puttered around and made coffee. It was nearly finished brewing when a noise behind him had him turning.
Running her hands over her face, Pepper took several deep breaths, then sent a watery smile at him. “You’re right. You won’t stop. I know you won’t. Why am I not surprised that the one thing I fail at in my entire life is getting you to stop?”
She moved, so fast she was a bit of a blur at first and shocked him into dropping his sandwich. One moment she was on the other side of the counter, the next she was in front of him, looking exceptionally young and almost innocent with her hair pulled back and no makeup on her face.
Shocked, Tony stared at him until Bruce snatched the kettle down with a firm little nod, like he’d just won an important argument. Tony’s lips curved, while Bruce poured the tea. “Right. Clearly, we can’t have you getting angry.”
“Well, it appears that Shield has these fancy little face masks that allow the wearer to look and sound completely like another person,” Barton said, his face darkening. “I wasn’t aware of them, not until Nat mentioned them. Apparently someone — we’re guessing Hydra, or someone left of AIM, or both — got ahold of them and slipped in as your pilot with the intent of taking you out. Make it look like an accident, like something went wrong with the plane, or your took too many pills, or who the hell knows. I guess no one wants to kidnap you anymore, they decided it’s better to just have you dead. Steve being there must have been a hell of a bonus. But then one of your flight attendants caught on that something wasn’t right, and so the guy rigged the plane to blow.”
“It does not currently appear to be Captain Sorenson, sir,” JARVIS said, and Tony gulped. Oh, shit, that wasn’t good. How had that happened, he could have
And they didn’t stay down long. In moments the three of them were back on their feet, charging Thor again.
“Fuck, okay,” he said, taking in the scene. The Wrecking Crew were turning to turn out to be more of a nuisance than they sounded. And there were a lot of minions with alien weapons. Someone was so getting fired. But he had to figure out the best next step first. He could go straight to Steve or Thor, offer them a little backup. Or he could fly through the room, start taking out the massive group in the back and give them more of a chance. “I’m going in.”
“Oh-kay,” Tony said, because what the hell? What would Steve need help with, that he wouldn’t know who to trust? When Steve didn’t say anything else, Tony prompted, “Gonna fill me in, Cap, or do I need to guess?”
“Oh, thank God,” Bruce’s voice washed over him, settling him a little as he held onto Steve’s hand. “He finally passed out? I thought he was never going to rest.”
The guy smirked, hand lighting up again. Deciding now was not the time to be fried to a crisp, Tony grabbed Maya, preparing to haul ass down the hallway.
He trailed off, sighing and letting his eyes shut. An expression Tony hadn’t seen since the first few weeks after the battle crossed his face, and the appearance of it had an ache settling under the reactor. He’d thought maybe…maybe they were leaning on each other, growing closer. But maybe that had been a foolish hope.
She smiled softy back, seemingly as happy as he at their newfound friendship. “Is that motor oil in your hair?”
Right. He was supposed to get up, continue on, even though Steve hadn’t woken. Feeling like he was moving though mud, Tony lifted his head, but kept his hand on Steve’s. “Thanks, Clint.”
Steve had “bumped” into Sitwell at Shield, and slipped him a note, saying he couldn’t break cover and contact him. Telling him to keep away, let Steve be a mole, until Steve had something on the Avengers to take them down with. It apparently worked — the agent had indeed kept away, and barely looked at Steve when he went into Shield.
“Me? I’m fine, Cap, I wasn’t the one who nearly bled out in a desolate cabin in the middle of nowhere. And I was not done with my lecture, by the way. Now that Clint’s gone, I’m just gonna start back up. Where was I? Oh yeah, you didn’t tell me how injured you were. Let’s talk about how big of a mishap that was, because I’m fairly certain Nat instituted a
Oddly touched, Tony clapped him on the back, tightening his hand when Steve leaned into it. “That’s what teammates do, Cap,” he said, voice strong and sincere. “Now let’s get to work so we can fill in the team and kick some Hydra ass.”
Steve’s face flushed, and Tony’s grin widened. Damned if Steve’s blushing wasn’t something he sought after now. It was remarkably adorable.
“Which I am very grateful to you for,” Tony said, smiling brightly, and wishing he could go lie down. “Keep up the good work! Ta!” Hurrying out (he would not admit it was a run, not in a million years), Tony quickly left the conference room and hustled out into the lobby.
“Hey, you clean up pretty nice, Nat,” he said, strolling in. Stopping next to her, he flashed her a grin and asked, “Ready to go?”
Bulldozer wasn’t too bad with the alien weapon, but Tony’s armor was better. He’d made damn sure those weapons couldn’t hurt his armor after the Battle for New York. They went back and forth for a bit, but Tony got the impression that Bulldozer didn’t have much experience fighting with a man in a kick ass suit of armor. So before Bulldozer had much chance to do harm, Tony had him disarmed and sprawled on the floor in minutes.
“What an adorable team leader you are. Checking up on everyone,” Tony snarked, not bothering to stop leaning on Thor.
Ice flooded through him, and it was all he could do not to lose it. “I have to go,” he said, pushing past her, because
It was quick and precise, he had to be thankful for that. The repulsor beam shot out of the gauntlet like lightning, connecting directly with the wound at Steve’s side. Steve barely flinched, but his cry of pain, (barely a noise at all, more like a
Eyes widening, Steve dropped his hands and stepped back a little, as if Tony had told him off. “Right. Good.” Clearing his own throat, he avoided Tony’s eyes and said, “Want me to get you free?”
But they’d stayed away from Steve. That was a godsend, he didn’t Hydra anywhere near Cap. Maybe, later, when they had more intel they could use Sitwell to get more info, to start to take them down. But for now…
Natasha waited until they were in the limo and stuck in traffic before saying, “So. That was interesting.”
“Not my finest hour, then,” Tony said, cringing. He’d been an asshole in the past, he knew that. Was it ever going to stop coming back to haunt him? “What, he wants to meet with you to whine about it or something?”
“Uh.” Actually, that was a good point. God only knew what tricks Loki was capable of pulling. And wouldn’t he get a kick out of pulling one over the leader of the Avengers after they’d defeated him?
, the way his mouth slotted over Tony’s, connecting them smoothly, brushing up together just close enough so that Tony felt Steve’s breath as he exhaled. Tony wanted to breathe him in, to take in all of the sexy, irresistible scent of Steve, and never let it go, never let the opportunity pass him by.
, “ Clint said pointedly, standing up and walking to stand between them, “So that I may take my nap now.”
Letting go of his chin, Natasha sighed. “That kiss didn’t seem like disinterest to me. You should talk to him when we get back.”
“Tony?” Pepper’s image appeared on his screen while Natasha patted his shoulder and went to join the group in the corner.
“Team leader,” Natasha reminded him, grabbing a few bandaids and patching up his arms where the suit had gotten him.
Which left his Science Bro. Bruce tried to help, which was nice, but he didn’t know the repulsor technology like Tony did and often left way before Tony tired to get more sleep. Which meant Tony remained in the lab, alone, working until he face-planted on the table. Then he woke and continued on.
“I…” The words washed through Tony, making him stutter and having the flush creeping back. And why the hell was his heartbeat picking up? What was he, 16? Just because his crush was saying nice things about him didn’t mean he had to act like an idiot.
A strong hand gripped onto his shoulder as Steve got to his feet next to him. “Put on the suit,” Steve said, face pale and sweat dripping on his brow. But his voice was strong, and he urged Tony to the suitcase suit under his seat.
“You didn’t have to leave your mission,” Tony pointed out. “Nat and Thor and Bruce could have handled it. Plus, I’ve been known to get myself un-kidnapped a time or two. You all just showed up before I had enough time to do so on my own this time around.”
Shit fucking shit. How long had he been unconscious? If he was lucky, Natasha would be there any minute. But if he wasn’t…he had to get free. Immediately. If he did, he could find Rhodey and they could get out of there. Fuck, if he’d had the chance to work on his nanotech idea more…
“Oh, that’s how it’s gonna be?” Tony snorted, leaning into his brother as they walked down the hall.
“Right now, Agent Coulson is working with part of a new team. He’s only recently joined them. He does not seem aware of what he has been through. He believes he’s been in Tahiti.”
Twining her fingers with his, Pepper tugged him away from the window and down the hall. “Come on. Let’s get you tucked in.”
“Per our confidentiality parameters, sir, I can only suggest you might find coffee of your choosing on that floor.”
Once in Malibu, Steve and Tony did indeed have a great few days of fun in the sun. Tony went to the merger meetings, just as he promised Pepper, who seemed to be doing well after the Mandarin fiasco, and happy to see him. Happy constantly buzzed around the two of them in the office, and since he was on crutches and often seemed tired, Tony didn’t get him any crap for being a stickler about badges. He also kept wisely silent as Happy constantly checked his phone — apparently someone had gotten along quite well with the Downton nurse. Though the whole company was still a little rattled at their CEO and Head of R&D being kidnapped, the office was filled with light and laughter due to the holidays being right around the corner. It made the merger meetings go over tremendously well, which had surprised him. He’d thought the holiday season would have added extra stress, but everyone seemed hopped up on sugar and good will. It made the ordeal much smoother than he’d thought.
“You are the best, the world does not value you enough. There should be more monuments and statues built of you, we should shout your good deeds daily,” Tony babbled, making grabby hands at the bag.
“Alright, listen to me. See Jasper? I’m just gonna swing by, and you’re gonna grab him.” Tony shot to the left, straight to Jasper. “I’m gonna electrify your arm, you’ll be able to open your hand.”
The captain at him stared with his eyebrows furrowed slightly, a pinched look on his face, like he was trying to puzzle something out.  Like he was trying to decide if Tony could really be trusted or not. Which, awkward. And ouch. Fuck, other than that
Holy hell. He’d been glad at the time that he’d managed to pull one over on Stern, but now that he knew how dangerously close he’d come to really losing it all, Tony felt a little nauseous. His suits in the hands of Hydra? That would have been a fucking devastating nightmare.
Not too far away, Natasha and Steve were engrossed in deep conversation in the corner, Natasha gesturing with her beer every once in a while. And across the room, Bruce played bartender, happily making random drinks Clint suggested.
Cap, and I want some strong evidence about Hydra to bring to the team when they get back with the pizza. You’re still in their servers. Find their secrets.”
“He ripped my fucking heart out of my chest,” Tony snapped. “Doesn’t mean I should have let him get away with what he did.”
Annoying as hell, though, Tony thought, while he rubbed a hand over the reactor and tried to catch his breath. He’d just defeated a fire army, but his brain was still stuck on the damn portal? What the hell was that? Fighting back a wave of vertigo, Tony reached for some mints and popped them in his mouth. Stupid aliens, stupid Kilian, stupid armies. Ugh.
Nodding sadly, she picked up the plate and moved to leave. Unsure of what the hell he was doing, but not wanting to be alone, and wanting to see if there was a chance he could take her word for it, Tony blurted, “Wanna watch Firefly?”
But he had to admit, as the days grew closer and closer to Christmas, he might have hovered just a bit too much. Steve’s mouth grew into a thin line whenever Tony asked how the solider was feeling. And he got downright surly when Tony insisted he sit on the couch and not lift heavy objects. But he just couldn’t help himself. Steve’s injury — the garish gash that had nearly taken him out — popped into his mind whenever he closed his eyes. Tony couldn’t stop checking on Steve, from making sure he was okay.
“Putting their feet to the fire. Increasing the pressure,” he said, when she frowned. “Let me keep it up, get in their faces more. Eventually, it’s going to piss off whoever is in charge that we’ve been trying to ferret out. They’ll try to retaliate, but eventually make a mistake.”
“As the leading expert on doing shitting things and deserving to be blamed for them, I gotta say, they’re right. You aren’t to blame,” Tony said flatly, walking over to stand next to Natasha. “Loki messed with your head. You get no blame for that. And neither do you,” he said to Steve, turning to lock eyes with Spangles again. “Loki using your emotions and throwing them through the fucking blender isn’t your fault. None of us would have reacted well if he’d played a trick like that on us. Don’t beat yourself up over it, Cap.”
“There’s something I need to tell all of you,” Steve said finally, turning away from the window to glance at them all. “Something I haven’t been honest about.”
“Hey!” Clint protested, but he was laughing, and it didn’t matter anyway, because Steve’s eyelids were fluttering again, and this time, this time when the blue appeared they stayed open — a little unfocused, a lot confused, but open.
“Tony! Leave the guy alone he just woke up,” Barton said, and hip-bumped Tony so he could scoot closer to Steve and grin down at him. “Hiya, Cap. Ignore our genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist, he doesn’t take it well when you get hurt.”
“Yeah. Yeah, we will. Be careful coming home, Steve. Don’t take any chances. And check in on time, will ya?”
“That’s true,” Tony sniffed, and finished off the last of the burrito. “This was great, thanks. Didn’t realize I needed a break until you showed up.”
tower, and the elevator swiftly went from the lobby to the floor that held Tony’s workshop. Barely having enough time to get truly comfy on the elevator wall, Tony felt himself being heaved back up by Thor way too soon.
Her frown deepened. “What is going on with you two? I thought you boys had stopped screaming at each other.”
“But you still abandoned your mission to come save my ass.” Okay, shit. A little bit of the shame trickled in. Tony cast his eyes away from Steve to cover it.
Maybe they weren’t dating anymore, but… Happy was right. He should still be there for Pepper. “A giant brain?”
The darkness threatened to leap back up and devour him, so Tony took a purposeful breath and pushed it away. He was not going to let that overwhelm him. He was not. So he looked at Cap, and said, “And what happened with Loki wasn’t your fault.”
Folding his arms, Tony jutted his head up and jerked out his chin, fully prepared to go to battle over it. Steve opened his mouth, the scowl on his face making it clear that he was about to argue, but then he snapped his mouth shut. Tony could practically see the gears turning in his head as they stared at each other.
Goddammit, hadn’t he just gone through that? Hoping Steve could hang on tight enough, he lifted his arms and used his palms to keep them in the air, but the right repulsor went out, too.
“Do you…” Fuck, how did he put this? He thought of the guy with the cat in the Triskelion, and just couldn’t make it fit. “Romanoff, do you think that…”
“Hey, Pep,” he said, smiling down. It wasn’t painful to see her anymore, thank fuck. Those first few weeks had been brutal, while the two of them tried to find a balance between friends and former lovers. It had been a difficult balancing act, but as time went on, the hurt had lessened and the awkwardness was finally starting to fade. Over the last few months they’d settled into a familiar rhythm, which he had to admit, was somehow working.
“Yeah, yeah.” Grumbling, Rhodey led the way to the elevator, crossing his arms. “Don’t think I said thank you for your help with that. So, thank you, Tones. I’m glad Nat and the rest of the team were able to get to us so quickly.”
Okay, the answer was familiar enough, but the lack of condescending comments on Tony’s life choices was not. “Any reason you aren’t telling me off for going to the workshop at….” he checked his watch, “four-thirty in the morning?”
It took a while. Tony twitched, wondering if things were about to explode before they really got started as a team, while he waited for Barton’s answer. Silence stretched on, and even Natasha looked faintly concerned, when Clint finally lifted his head, looked at him, and grinned. “I don’t know. Get us lunch, and I might call it even.”
Tony felt the flinch that went through Banner, the stiffness that went through Clint. Natasha didn’t react at all, her breathing pattern remaining the same. Somehow that made Tony even more nervous. His own heartbeat rabbited, as he stared at the guy the group had unofficially declared their leader, and wondered what the hell was about to go down.
“It’s okay. I know it’s a long shot. So after I did some checking into that, I thought I would go back over what we’ve got on Hydra. Since we had to abandon our mission, there’s some things I want to reconsider before we head back.”
“But why? I don’t understand.” Mind whirling, he tried to find a scenario where it made sense. “Maybe the agent really is Hydra, but why the hell would he say something like that to
“Cap?” Tony croaked. Ow. Ow, ow, ow. His head hurt. His shoulder hurt. And the suit was dead, he couldn’t move. “Whzzgoinon?”
She smiled, something flickering over her face he didn’t quite recognize. It wasn’t regret, they were past that. Wistfulness? Yeah, maybe that it was it. She looked slightly wistful as she said, “Sounds great, Tony. Tell Steve hi.”
Steve lifted his head. Though his eyes still seemed sad, his lips twitched. “I’d kinda like to see that.”
the kiss and Tony’s pants got uncomfortably tight rather rapidly. What the fuck, where did Steve learn to kiss like
Now, however, it seemed he wasn’t the only one slightly agitated about not hearing from Steve or Clint. Nothing in her face or body language gave it away, but Tony was getting to know her well enough now to know that the way she forcibly made herself seem casual was the signal she was anything but.
, Steve, how did you take so many hits, you….your shield.” Tony stopped, turning to look at the shield he’d dropped. “You idiot. You
A distressed noise of his own erupted out of Tony then, and he went straight to Steve, distantly realizing the the tears had broken free, and were dripping down his face. “I’m sorry, Steve, I’m sorry, I’m so so sorry…” he said it over and over as he looked over the wound, made sure that it had cauterized. At least it worked, thank fuck for that, he hadn’t hurt Steve for no reason. It might stick with Tony for the rest of his days, what he had knowingly done to a friend, to Steve, but now Steve might have time for the team to find them. He might get out of this alright. That was all that really mattered.
Just a little note I forgot last chapter -- throughout this story (this chapter and the next) Tony will have panicked reactions to what happened with the wormhole, similar to how he does in IM3. Please take care if that is a problem! I will try to mention them but wanted to give a heads up.
I know a lot of people have thoughts about Pepper, but I always kinda liked her! Hopefully I did their breakup justice.
“I’m right here, Tony,” Bruce said, scooting around Natasha with his medical bag and hurrying in. Clint was hot on his heels, and the three of them surrounded the little bed, faces all drawn with worry as they stared at Steve.
him, and what a fucking whopper, he was never forgetting, never in a million years) Tony blinked and wished Steve’s arms were on him again. “What?”
“Yeah, Brucie-Bear, I know it’s shit news, but that’s why we’re telling the team. So we can handle it. Make things better. It’s what we do, right? We worked together great before, we can totally do this,” Tony babbled, watching Bruce’s skin tone closely. When the green started to disappear, he let out a sigh of relief so large he nearly got dizzy.
“Easy, Tony. I’ll be fine. Can you stand? We need to get going, I don’t know who wanted the plane to go down, but they could be searching for us right now.”
Nodding Steve, sagged against the counter. “Yeah. That’s pretty much what I’ve been thinking the last week.”
Tony couldn’t help it, he laughed. As his companion blinked, the Senator’s face turned beet red, his teeth clenching. It only made Tony laugh harder. He’d barely had to say anything to the guy before Stern had cracked and started telling Tony off. This would be too easy. “Your constituents know you talk like that?”
“You said I could trust you,” Steve said after Tony had been squirming under his gaze for over a million years.
“Hmm. Well try not to make a mess this time. Clean up takes forever, you know. We’re still working tirelessly on the Battle of New York.”
“You’ve worked to upgrade your suits since the Chitauri, but I bet you still got just as jostled as when we got hit by those weapons the first time. And a hit from Bulldozer was like a battering ram. Tell me you aren’t hiding injuries right now.”
It had nothing to do with his broken heart, he assured himself, wiping his sweaty brow with his left hand. He just had shit to do. How could he leave when the Mark 7 wasn’t fully repaired yet, and the Mark 6 still had glitches from its up closer and personal view of the helicarrier? He had to fix them, had to be battle ready as soon as possible. It was just a bonus that it kept his mind off Pepper.
Avenger, what the hell was that? He loved his Science Bro dearly, but that title clearly had to go to Bruce.
Which was something Tony’d always subconsciously known (pizza was delicious, the sky was blue, Steve Rogers was attractive), but now, with that determined blaze in his eyes, Tony felt Steve’s allure ramped to eleven. It wasn’t just his looks, Tony knew. It was the man himself that was so appealing. Steve was a hero, a
“She still have trouble remembering?” It wasn’t the first time Steve had mentioned he went to see Peggy. When he wasn’t looking for Loki or Bucky, or hunting down Hydra, he would often visit her. Tony’s heart broke for him every time he did. The pain in Steve’s eyes went so deep. Sometimes Tony wondered how he could stand it.
“We might need to get that stopped,” Steve said weakly, and Tony snorted because his other option was to cry and that wouldn’t be very fucking helpful right now.
Squeezing his eyes shut, Tony took a minute to gather all his strength to find the energy to stand up and turn around, then did so, plastering on a bright smile as he did. “Hey, Pep.”
Steve planted his hands on his hips and cocked his head. “What are you talking about? Nobody handed you your ass. Killian and his army fought dirty, Tony. And you did pretty well on your own. I saw the destruction you’d caused at their mansion. Not to mention that if you hadn’t escaped your captors long enough to call JARVIS, we never would have figured out where you were or connected the Mandarin and Killian to take them out.”
A holo-screen screen shimmered to life nearby and Tony read two lines before cursing so loud all movement in the room stopped.
“Oh,” said Tony, catching on. Oh shit, oh fuck. Maybe he hadn’t been as subtle as he’d thought. Clearly Nat had caught on to Tony’s crush and was setting him up, trying to play matchmaker with a silly kissing game. It would have been funny, if Steve didn’t look like a fish on the hook, and Tony wasn’t taking that personally, he really wasn’t.
“I don’t know. Clint and I had that close call, but we were able to lie low and shake them off. Neither of us thought we had been made — Clint was nearly certain of it. And the equipment we left behind was in the same spot, untouched. Completely fried though, like…like it’d been hit by Thor’s lightning or something. So we don’t even have our footage to check. For whatever reason, they’re gone. There was nothing left for us to search through and lead to their next base.”
I know it couldn’t have been easy to lose so much at once, and then with Loki fucking with your head about Bucky…”
“I mean it. We’ve got a ton of people to wine and dine tonight, and I can’t do that if I’m wallowing in self-pity.”
And that, that was just a little too close too comfort, brought back the wrong memories. A startlingly strong shudder ran through Tony, his nightmare flashing through his mind as his chest tightened. Breath picking up as rapidly as his heartbeat, Tony realized he needed to end the call, now. Somehow, he managed, “Hey, I…I’d hate to cut you off. Do you have your taser on you?”
He was nearly to the end of the hall when Fury stuck his head out of his office. “And Stark? Quit trying to bug my Triskelion.”
He kept it up until his throat got hoarse, but he did succeed in getting two new guards to venture in.
“Tony.” Natasha was by his side, looking down at him with something too close to sympathy in her eyes. “Do you trust me with him?”
“You’re a great friend, Tony,” Steve interrupted again. “I’d be lost without you. The Avengers are lucky to have you, and I’m extremely grateful to call you a friend. You’re a good man.”
“Let Nat work through it,” Clint said, and there went his hand through his hair again. Tony was slightly concerned he would just grab the ends and start yanking it out soon. “She
“Then why did you come back?” Tony shouted, turning from DUM-E and throwing his own hands in the air. “If you really trust me to handle myself, why did you bail on your mission, and come all the way back? Nat could have handled, it, she and Thor and Bruce could have been just fine, but oh no, Captain America can’t trust Iron Man to get out of a scrape, so you gotta abandon what you were working on, and—”
“JARVIS called me,” she said. He snorted. Of course. During her time as his assistant, she’d learned all about JARVIS. He hadn’t needed to explain his AI to her when he’d brought them all back to the Tower after shawarma, although he knew J had given her hell the first day or so because of her betrayal. Bruce had mentioned a few times how odd it was that no one else had to suffer through cold showers in the Tower, or worry about getting trapped in the elevator. Tony had outwardly shrugged it off as mishaps of a new and recently attacked building, but inwardly he’d cackled with glee. JARVIS always had his back.
“What, no lecture? Do I get a bedtime kiss?” he asked, waggling his eyebrows a little, but without his usual effort. Fuck it all, he was so tired.
They cut the shit for a while, Tony exasperated to discover Happy still couldn’t use the video call function correctly, Happy annoyed Tony was  giving him crap for it. He filled Tony in on how the meeting was going — Aldrich was showing Pepper his big brain, and because Happy couldn’t
“Let me help.” Crouching to his knees, Tony bent to pick up the fallen chess set. He grabbed a handful, then plopped them back onto the table, reaching his other hand out in search for more.
How could he have done it? How could he have been so stupid as to go and fall for Steve? Was he trying to make himself the most miserable person on the planet? It was one thing to have feelings for his CEO, or a reporter, or even a teammate, but….Steve? His brain had to go and pick Steve?
Getting closer to Coulson’s image, Natasha stared deeply at it, jaw clenched tight. “Or, we’re assuming the wrong thing regarding Fury’s allegiance,” she murmured.
And with that, she turned and walked to the elevator. Frozen, Tony only watched while she got in and walked out of his life. Then he sat on the couch, and stayed there for a long time.
. In for a penny, in for a pound. Giving in to the need to reach out to Steve, he placed a hand on his shoulder, and nearly sighed, feeling Steve’s warmth flow through him, the unsteady feeling he’d felt all night finally disappearing.
Bruce frowned, eyebrows coming down like angry caterpillars. “You’re one of the smartest men on the planet, I’m pretty sure you could out-science me any day. Though that’s beside the point. You can talk to us. We might not have similar backgrounds, but we’re a team, Tony. We’re here for you.”
“Can’t risk it falling into the wrong hands,” Tony said, and set the suit to self-destruct. Dragging it with them would have been his preferred method, but he couldn’t do that and help Steve. “Come on, we gotta get a good distance away before it blows and triggers any unwelcome searchers.”
“Yes, there is. I was wrong about what I said on the helicarrier,” Steve said sadly. “I know part of it was Loki’s scepter, but I don’t think I ever actually apologized. You’re a great guy, Tony. I’m sorry for letting you think otherwise.”
Five bodies fell to their deaths below him. Alright, that was fine — he’d make it work. Engaging the thrusters, he got to Heather first, and adjusted his descent enough so that she could grab on as wrapped her in his arms, scanning for the next closest body. “Heather?”
Of fucking course Kit missed the first time. Kit wasn’t getting a raise. Tony cut the thrusters again, tried to re-aim and looked right into Alex’s panicked eyes.
“As a matter of fact, they are not, sir. The Avengers are currently out trying to ascertain your location.”
Quickly covering the family jewels, Tony swatted Clint’s foot. “Watch the goods, bird-brain, or you’ll be out on the streets before you know it.”
Somehow he managed to make it through the meeting. He listened to Nat lay out the plan — Steve and Clint would spend a few more days surveilling the area, to try and gather as many details as they could. Then they would come back, and decide on the next steps. The potential of it, the enormity of knowing they might have all they needed to fully expose Hydra, resounded in him like lightning while he sat on his bed and stared out at the night sky twinkling across from him. They weren’t any closer to finding Loki (the bastard), or finding anything on Barnes, but they were close to sniffing out Hydra. It was good. Great, even. He should be excited, or at least participating in movie night with those on the team that were still there.
Clearing his throat, Thor stepped toward Bruce, keeping his expression open and easy. “Does anyone else feel the need for drink? I myself am fond of Midgardian ale, and though it is early, I would feel more at ease absorbing this news with a good cup of mead. Would you like some, Captain? How about you, Stark? Aye, of course you’d like some.”
“Oh.” Lips  turning in a frown, Steve moved his rook again and sighed. “Yeah, that’s been difficult. It’s hard to go back and forth all the time on whether Loki was lying or not. And then there’s Peggy. That isn’t easy, either.”
Tony watched, a heavy weight settling in his chest, while Steve filled in the rest of the team on what he suspected. It had been a happy atmosphere only minute previously, he thought wistfully, while Clint’s jaw dropped in shock and Natasha went carefully blank again. Almost like a family dinner, with bickering and teasing and laughter ringing throughout the penthouse.
, not to a damn bed frame. Maybe there was a guard around that he could piss off or bribe. It hadn’t worked earlier, but if at first you don’t succeed…
, Tony,” he said with a small shake of his head. “If we were able to prove their existence after only a few months, I think I might feel worse that no one else caught on yet. At least by really having to dig and search for them, we know that they hid themselves well.”
“Now, that’s just not true. If anyone needs to kick your ass, those rights still revert to me,” he argued, and Tony threw his head back and laughed. Though he looked exhausted, Rhodey grinned and continued, “But I’m glad to see you relying on them, and letting them in, Tones. You deserve friends and family.”
“I don’t feel like it’s something I should be applauded for, Cap. I should have realized what Obie was up to long before I did. I should have ended the weapons manufacturing long before I did.”
ass. Of course I looked,” Tony said, and Steve looked utterly scandalized for a moment, before throwing his head back and laughing. “So come on, come on. Hop up over here, let JARVIS take your measurements. I’m making you a better uniform.”
In his mind, it wasn’t ridiculous. He was checking on the man he loved — a hell of a shocking revelation, once Tony got back to the Tower and realized that nope, it wasn’t just a stupid crush or the hots he had for Steve. It was love,
“I am Mr. Stark’s artificial intelligence system, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS piped up. And no matter how old he got, Tony was never going to get tired of seeing people react to JARVIS the first time, he really wasn’t. Thor had lit up like Christmas, and started enthusiastically talking to J at once. Steve flinched, then gaped at the ceiling, like he thought a person was going to climb out of it. “I  do not live in the ceiling, but I am at your disposal throughout the Tower, should you need me.”
The two men had clearly been there a while, if the way they relaxed into the armchairs were any indication. Tony didn’t recognize the first guy, but the second? Well. Nat was going to be madder than hell when she found out she’d let Tony into a room without sweeping it first, because there was Senator Stern, a smug smile on his stupid face, and Tony was about to correct that, immediately.
Rhodey winced as the elevators opened. “Don’t even suggest such a thing. Luckily, you’ve got yourself some teammates now. I gotta admit, I’m happy they stuck around after Loki. They’re good for you, Tony.”
“Oh, that’s great, we’ll start that up tonight. Nothing will ever top the wine-making episode, that was one of TVs best moments. That or Vitameatavegamin.”
Shoulders tensing, Steve nodded. “You’re right. There is something I need to tell you that I didn’t tell them.”
“Thanks,” he said, as Steve righted him and stepped back. Tony watched him go, wishing he could throw himself into Steve’s arms and linger in the warmth and safety he would find there, but pushed it aside. Friends, they were just friends.
But he wanted to snoop around. Despite his and JARVIS’s poking around, they hadn’t found much, other than Sitwell was a little shit that covered his tracks well. If anyone else in Shield was Hydra, it was still buried pretty deep.
“I can’t stop wondering. I lay down, and I see Bucky fall and I hear Loki’s voice, hear my voice, saying Bucky’s alive. And…and in my heart, I wonder. I survived, Tony. What if he did, too?”
about doing it anyway, they will never find your body,” she swore, a warning in her eyes. “So promise me this is the last of that kind of talk.”
without video footage. And the oil on your shirt and face and the terrible hair will finally prove what I’ve been saying this whole time!”
“From what I’ve been able to uncover, it is accurate, Agent Barton,” JARVIS said. “I apologize for not notifying you before, it was buried quite deep. Very few operatives have knowledge of Agent Coulson’s status.”
“I don’t think so, Stark,” the guy said. “You’re going to pay for keeping all the good stuff to yourself. And after you, I’m going for Thor.”
“It appears they’re rather upset that you are hoarding all the Chitauri weapons, and not sharing. So they want you to give them a ton of money, and then drop dead. I’m not sure why they hate Thor. Probably hair envy.”
Laughing, Steve held it just out of reach. “And you can get lunch just as soon as you agree to actually take a break. You need to pause every once in a while, Tony, or you’ll be no good to anyone.”
“Yeah,” he said tiredly, rubbing his hand over his face. “It’s been a long week. But thanks for filling me in. Let me know how it goes tomorrow, okay?”
“Steve!” Tony said, trying to get the soldier’s attention. “No napping yet, wait til Bruce gets here and can tell you if it’s safe or not, okay? Closing your eyes now is a bad idea.” Not knowing what the hell to do, Tony ran his fingers over Steve’s ribs, hoping for some sort of reaction to his pathetic attempt at tickling. But it was no good — Steve’s eyes slid shut and he didn’t open them back up. “Steve?” he asked, voice breaking. Oh, God, had he caused internal damage when he’d fired? Had he only made everything worse? “Steve. Cap. Hey. Wake up.
Okay, good, well that was one obstacle taken care of. Continuing to rub Bruce’s back, Tony let his gaze land on Natasha and Clint. Those two, he knew, were going to be a little harder.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said again, accepting the mug Tony held out. “You’re a great friend, you know that?”
The plane shuddered again and Tony shook his head, then zoomed through the cabin up to the cockpit where the flight attendants and Steve were huddled. Alright, he’d get to whoever the hell was fucking with his plane and then figure out what was —
“Hell yeah, you do,” Rhodey agreed, pulling Tony close. “Now, come on. You need sleep, and as your family, you’re gonna let me pass out in the really nice guest room and take advantage of all your food and enormous guest bed.”
Clint hissed, and so Tony scooted forward, laid his head down on the bed next to Steve’s arm, and closed his eyes. Unable to help himself, he moved his hand up so that he could again carefully cradle Steve’s hand, wishing that somehow the solider would squeeze back. Throat burning, Tony kept his eyes shut, and gave a small sniff. It had been hours since they landed back at the Tower, and Steve hadn’t woken. Hadn’t even moved.
“We had.” Things had been nice between him and Steve the last few months. When they weren’t plotting to take down Hydra, they made their way through Steve’s list, watching movies, TV shows, or listening to music. Steve still called his blessed 80s rock atrocious, but the 70s era had grown on him, so Tony counted it as a win. Nobody could resist Zeppelin.
I LOOOOVE the plane scene in IM3 and had to shamelessly borrow it here. Watching the behind-the-scenes documentary on how they pulled it off is an endlessly nerdy thing I like to whenever I watch IM3.
“Hey, that’s rude. Look. I’m gonna make you a deal, like I did some of your friends earlier. Let me go, I give you money. You know I’m good for it. Keep me restrained, and you’ll be among the first to be taken out.”
She took one look at Stern sitting behind him, and made her face carefully blank. Swallowing back panic, Tony strolled over to her, holding his arm out for hers as he got closer.
“I”m not worried about the team, I’m worried about you!” Steve snapped, then shoved his hands in his hair. “Jesus, Tony. A man you thought was family tried to steal the reactor from you?”
But even as his brain attempted to reject the very thought, his mind ran the figures, did the math, and his resolve cracked. Because as much as he didn’t want an injured Steve, a dead Steve was even worse, and if he didn’t get that wound to stop bleeding before the rest of the team found them, Steve was screwed.
With a snort, Tony nudged Thor away. “We just fought off an alien invasion, Capsicle. Pretty sure we’re all hurt. Don’t think I haven’t noticed the way you’re favoring your midsection and right side.”
“I….oh what the hell. Sure, Point Break, why not, I…Oh, Jesus,” he laughed, as Thor planted a big wet kiss on Tony’s cheek.
Barking out a laugh, Tony strolled to the elevator. “Keep telling us all that, J. Just make sure to keep me listed as an ally when you take over the world, okay?”
“Being Nat. Trying to figure out what happened, and the hell with anyone who dares to get in her way.”
Right. He knew that. Nodding, gipping onto Steve’s shoulder, Tony managed to get his legs out from under him, though his right leg stung with pain and he nearly went back down. Huffing out a breath, he stood, looking back at the suit. Fuck, he was going to have to drag it along with them. No way he would leave it lying around if someone was after them. Who the hell had attacked his plane? Hydra? Leftovers of Killian’s little group — what were they called, what were…AIM. That could have been it. Nat had suggested Hydra might have given the Mandarin weapons at one point, maybe the two had bonded together in an effort to take him out. Made sense, really. A little revenge for one group, taking out a major player for the other, and…
Steve, with his adorable floppy hair, and perfect grin, and wide shoulders. With his super strength that he could use to overpower anyone he wanted at anytime, but he never, never took advantage of. Although really, Tony mused, lowering the glass, he’d be just fine with the super solider using it against him anytime he wanted. An image of Steve manhandling him, lifting Tony up and holding him against the wall, to use as he pleased —  covering Tony with that hard body,
“And then shawarma after?” The words popped out before he could stop them, making him want to curl into a ball in humiliation for sounding so whiny, but Thor only let out a tremendous boom of laughter.
“Hey,” Tony said softly, squeezing Steve’s hand. His heartbeat roared loudly in his ears, and he knew damn well it was because Steve’s hand was in his. His fingers were long and nimble, reminding Tony of a pianist, and the steady rhythm of Steve’s heartbeat had his own pitching a few beats faster.
“They couldn’t have gone far, unless it was already planned,” Tony pointed out. “Moving that much, that quickly? You and Clint were only gone a few days.”
“I managed not to throw him through the wall. To be honest, I kinda froze up, just like I did when Loki mentioned Bucky. I think I nodded and got out of there as fast as I could. It just…it brought back too many memories. I went into the ice to stop Hydra, and now someone is wandering around Shield using their code phrase? Thinking I would say it back?” His hands clenched tighter. “I gave up
It wasn’t the first time he’d found somebody in his workshop. Pepper was often waiting for him, once upon a time. Rhodey too, went down occasionally, to fiddle with the War Machine armor (he would not refer to it as Iron Patriot in his own mind, he refused) or to work on one of Tony’s old cars. But Rhodey was likely either still sound asleep, or already awake and gone, prepared to deal with the fall out from the Killian Incident. So he had to admit, this was new.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said eventually, way after it was socially appropriate for him to respond. Maybe they had a lot of awkward silences in the 40s. Tony could have chalked it up to that, but…he also didn’t look like he really believed Tony’s statement. So. There was that. And that was fine. Just…fine.
Steve stood up from the stool, and went the fridge, pulling out more ice packs, then walking back to Tony and Thor with an odd look on his face. Maybe the guy was constipated.
“Oh, look at that, I need another drink,” Clint said and scrambled up and away in moments. Bewildered, Tony watched him go, then shrugged and let out a huge yawn. Whatever. If Bird Brain wanted to be weird, it was no skin off his back.
Oblivious to Tony’s mortification, Steve nodded. “Good. Because I could use some help, and I don’t know who I can trust. I’d like to start with you.”
“So we find out the situation. Maybe Fury hid him because of Hydra. I don’t care if they are so good at hiding we’ve barely found anything or not. The guy’s the top spy in the world. He’s had to have noticed they’re around, if he’s not part of them,” Tony said.
about it. I know you better than that, you’re not getting out of my sight. Take me with you, and introduce me.”
“As soon as you got here, they were all focusing on you, Tony. I was only trying to take the pressure off. I knew I would be fine—”
have taken the hovering thing a bit too far the day or two. There wasn’t much time that Tony didn’t spend close to Steve, keeping an eye on him, just in case. Contrary to what Bruce kept insisting, they didn’t know that Steve would heal just fine thanks to the serum, so someone had to take his recovery seriously.
“Yeah.” Drawing in a jagged breath, Steve ran a hand through his hair. “I kept thinking, what if the worst happens, and I could have helped? I couldn’t get the thought out of my head. So I made Clint abandon the mission. We came home.”
“Oh, I’ve got that figured out, Pep,” he interrupted, putting down his mug. Gesturing to her, he pulled up a holo-image of the tower, and spun it around. “Now that the the most damaged floors are fixed, the rest of the penthouse gets focused on first, because I don’t want to stare at that damn broken window anymore. Then I thought we could update the floor plan. Everyone’s gonna need their own permanent floor, so we’ll put Point Break near the top so he can fly in and out easily, and Legolas beneath him, because the dude likes heights. Then Cap…”
Shit, Tony thought hysterically, but he made it to Kit, and Mary made another spectacular grab, looping them together. Mary was getting a raise, that woman was efficient as hell.
“It was well-orchestrated, Tony. And, well. We got a little relaxed, and fucked up. Believe me, Tash is making up for it. We’ll know more soon.”
“Iron Patriot,” Tony snorted. He was going to give Rhodey all sorts of hell for that. “Fucked up a perfectly good suit is what they did. But yeah, I’ll reach out to him.”
He looked so defeated while he said it. Too similar to the lost and angry man he’d been when they first met.
“They lied to him?” Bruce’s voice was a shaky whisper, and Tony’s eyes cut to him quickly. His Bruce-bear wasn’t green, not yet, but Tony could see it was taking everything Bruce had to keep it that way.
“Clearly not, if you come running all the way back from Prague after I drop off the radar for a few hours! You and Barton dropped out of contact for a while, but you didn’t see me rushing off, did you? I trusted you to handle it!”
“Sorry.” Plucking her phone out of her hands, Tony opened a drawer and locked it inside, over Darcy’s loud protests. “What happens in the workshop stays in the workshop. Confidential stuff for SI, and whatnot, you know. And besides. Everyone knows that’s Thor’s favorite movie.”
Tony craned his neck to look around her. “Did you bring Thor? Please tell me you brought Thor, it’s one of my lifelong fantasies to be rescued by a hot blond while tied up…” Tony trailed off as not Thor, but Steve bulleted into the room. “Cap? What are you doing here?”
He didn’t have to mull over it long. As soon as he stepped out of the elevators and into the newly renovated communal floor, he saw Steve standing at the window, shivering. A canvas was set up nearby, but it appeared to have been written off, and Tony wondered if the sketchbook that had been thrown on the couch had also been vanquished for the night — Steve was clearly not in a creative mood. Though he was across the room, Tony caught the absolute misery in his eyes, and the way they glistened in the lights.
Taking off her gloves, Natasha said, “Alright, but only because you got all banged up and look pathetic. And I want you to take the concussion seriously. We’re telling Bruce as soon as he’s done with Steve.”
and talks about How to Train Your Dragon, and my subconscious totally recalled it and felt it was perfect for this and humbly borrowed it for this story. This was done with nothing but love for the notion of the idea (because it just cracks me up) and if anyone knows of the story (ies?) I am referring to, please let me know, I would love to credit them/re-read that!
“Me too. Can you imagine us taking on Killian’s army alone?” Tony snorted to hide the grimace. That would have been a cluster fuck. He didn’t have near enough suits for that kind of battle.
He went quiet as he arranged he ice pack on Tony’s ribs. It was a hell of a shock, one that made Tony gasp and erupt in goosebumps again, cursing Thor and Loki and all the goddamned aliens that attacked his tower. But then the coldness started to ease some of the tension he’d been holding and he nearly melted.
Natasha only hummed, then turned to lift her eyebrows at Steve, who stood in the kitchen alone now, eyes wide, hand gripping the counter tightly.
“Something up, Cap?” he asked, telling himself not to feel guilty for forgetting they were supposed to chat. He’d done what Steve wanted, hadn’t he? Actually gotten some god-damn sleep for a change.
Natasha stepped back, placing her hands on her hips, and frowned. “Congratulations. You have bruised ribs and a concussion.”
“Aye. Though much as I desire to assist you in defeating Midgard’s evil-doers, we must also not lose sight of our most dire goal,” Thor said. “We cannot stop in our search of Loki.”
And yet. Some small part of his brain that was still working knew it wasn’t real, this small, brief gift. Steve didn’t feel the way about Tony that Tony felt about Steve. So feeling like a small part of him was dying, Tony placed his hands on Steve’s arms, preparing to pull back, and step away.
“I just…I can’t help but wonder…what if Loki wasn’t lying?” Steve asked in a rush, his eyes bright. “Tony, what if he wasn’t lying when he told me Bucky was alive? What if he was telling the truth?”
“S’all right, Cap. I knew it was you,” Tony admitted with a yawn. He’d told the team they could stay in the guest quarters in the Tower. When he heard the footsteps, and the tired heaviness that accompanied them, he knew immediately it was Steve. Guess he wasn’t the only one unable to count sheep. “What are you doing up so early?”
Queen blared in the background, and Tony couldn’t help but smile as Steve expanded the image and zoomed in, tapping his foot int time to the beat of
It’d be a good way to keep Steve off his mind. Determining that was that, Tony headed for the workshop.
“You experience things,” Tony said quietly, while Bruce turned on the burner for the kettle. “And then they’re over, and you still can’t explain them.”
“Uh. Sure.” When Bruce put his hand out, Tony clasped onto it, feeling immediately better holding onto Bruce’s warm hand. Human connection. That was…that was nice. Feeling Bruce’s pulse beat in time with his gave Tony the strength to stand completely on his own, though he didn’t let go of Bruce. Instead, he let himself revel in it for a moment. Then, when he realized that probably too much time had passed, he sent Bruce a wry smile. “You’re not going to make me tell you all my problems now, are you?”
“Of course she does,” Tony said, bending down to hold out a hand. The cat blinked at him, then leaned forward to nudge her head into Tony’s hand, purring contentedly.
“Aw, come on, Stark. Look, this one’s adorable, can I keep him? At least let me put twinkling lights on him. Christmas is coming up. It’d be adorable.”
“I have a suit of armor that could have easily withstood another several hours! Dammit Steve, why would you do that?”
“It’s not the same. They believe in Shield, in what they’re doing. Nat, particularly. She and I have talked a lot, over these last few weeks. Shield gave them both a purpose, a chance to start over. It’s going to be hard to rip that away from them.”
“Oh. Well.” Leaning back, Steve studied Tony. “I suppose so. It was a lot, at first, but once I moved in with the team, it got a lot better. Why do you ask?”
“Seriously. I try to tell them that most of the time, the famous Tony Stark is…” she threw a hand out, gesturing at him, shaking her head, “but they refuse to let me kill the badass image they hold dear.”
“Course not. Mi casa es su casa and all that. Couch is old as hell, but it’s comfy, so feel free to set up there anytime.” Lifting the mugs, he turned, caught Steve’s eyes again. “Anytime, Steve. I mean that.”
Wondering if he should ignore his fatigue and go back to the Mark 11 right away, or take the rest of the night off, Tony stood, stretched, then blinked when JARVIS said, “Sir?”
They sat there in awkward silence for a moment, before Natasha shifted again and patted his hand gently. “Come on. I promised you a cookie.”
Eyelids fluttered, and then opened long enough for Tony to see a flash of deep, endless blue. “Hey,” Tony said, barely able to speak in a voice loud enough to be heard. He cleared his throat, a grin spreading over his face, and fought the urge to start laughing like a loon. “Hey, I saw those baby blues flash, Cap, no going back to sleep now. Why don’t you wake up all the way? We’ve been waiting on you for ages, Clint’s been bitching non-stop.”
“Of course,” Thor said brightly, though it sounded funny. Like he was trying too hard to sound cheerful. He exchanged a glance with Steve, who stayed silent, and walked back to his own stool, face dark. Tony tried to keep his nostrils from flaring, and bit his lip. Great. He had somehow managed to ruin the tentative peace he and Steve had found after the crap on the hellicarrier bridge. Fantastic.
Making a noise of agreement, Natasha pulled out the bread and peanut butter. “Bruce mentioned you’ve been getting the suits fixed. And making more, from what I hear?”
Across the room, Thor bellowed, and a bunch of lightning erupted. Apparently he wasn’t the only one tired of this shit. Tony winced, as The Wrecking Crew went flying, Bulldozer, included. Tony sighed. Dammit, when had that guy gotten back into the fight?
A small smile crossed Natasha’s face, and then she stood and walked to the nightstand, where’d he’d left a glass of water sitting. Gracefully picking it up, she moved back to Tony, holding the cup out. “Here. Some water will help.”
, you never should have thrown you goddamned only measure of defense away like a toddler throwing a toy.”
I am not sure, but I am fairly certain there was another fic (or possibly a few?) out there somewhere, where Darcy has a Twitter account about
“It was a long time ago, Steve. And don’t worry. I made damn sure it was something no one could ever pull off again. It’s not a vulnerability, it won’t make me liability to the team.”
“Great! Three more to go!” Tony said, with a false cheer, as he ordered his cameras back to the plane. Steve was still there, and if Bob wasn’t Bob, Steve could still be in danger…
“No.” Steve shook his head, stepped forward. “Thank you for believing me about this. For helping me.”
“Yeah, I know. And I think we can help each other. Because quite frankly, I don’t think you’ll last a week if you do what I suspect you’re about to do..”
Demanding an explanation, Tony tried to sort out what Trevor Slattery was saying. He was the Mandarin, but not really. An actor playing pretend, while the real guy kept his face hidden. Maya’s words rushed through him, and suddenly, Tony thought things were beginning to make sense, when he caught movement behind him.
“Yes,” she said, voice calm, and body relaxed, but the look in her eyes made his blood run cold, “we will.”
Stopping in the middle of the hall, Tony reached out, laid a hand on Rhodey’s shoulder. “I’ve got a great family,” he said quietly, unable to put into words exactly what Rhodey meant to him. Jim was the first person to become his friend that hadn’t worked for him. The person to bring him home from Afghanistan. The person who got him to snap out of his misery, and fix the palladium poisoning. No one would ever replace him.
Rolling her eyes again, Darcy let out a sight that dragged on for several seconds. “No one ever believes me when I say you’re the boring Avenger.”
“You guys alright?” he panted, scanning for the bomb. It took a bit of searching, but JARVIS found it in the corner, alone and unarmed. Oh thank God. That was one less concern to worry about. Zipping over to it, Tony secured it safely.
“I…yeah. I guess I did.” Dammit, his ears were burning at the memory. He just had to go and make an ass of himself in front of Spangles, hadn’t he?
He woke choking, ripped out of sleep by terror and flashes of light exploding across his vision. For a moment, his body quivered and heaved, trying to draw in air and unable to. Sweat matted his hair and his brow, trickling down his back, while he closed his eyes and tried to get rid of the vision. Tried to get his lungs to work properly.
“Next time, come find me,” Tony said as the coffee maker beeped, announcing it’s readiness. “I’m always up, Cap. And sometimes it helps to say things out loud. Bounce things off people. I told you before, you can trust me. I won’t blab, if you don’t want everyone to know all your thoughts. But when you can’t sleep, when you can’t get Loki’s words out of your head? Come find me.”
Well, if wishes were fishes. He would deal with that later. Right now, he tried to recall everything Natasha and Clint had taught him about getting out of zip ties. Unfortunately, they all revolved around his hands being tied
“Well, since no one is even saying hi to me anyway,” Clint huffed, then squeezed Steve’s arm. “It’s really great to see you awake, Steve.”
“Come on, Tony, lay off him. You’re overreacting,” Clint said for the third time. And just like the other three times he’d spoken, Tony flipped him off. Clint just ignored him. “And you know you aren’t really upset at me and Nat, either, so stop snapping at us. It was a shitty battle, and we’re sorry we weren’t there. We don’t like to see Cap hurt, either, you know.” He shifted on the couch, grimacing at Steve. “And that does look pretty bad, man.”
When he got no response, Tony hugged him tighter, pressing a trembling hand to Steve’s heart. “You gotta wake up, Steve. Don’t leave me. I need you to be awake, now, alright?
Reaching the top of the stairs and walking into the living room, Steve shook his head. “It’s really not. But thank you. For telling me what happened. For trusting me.”
“He used Coulson to get us to bond together, become a team,” Steve stepped next to Tony, face grim. “And when it turned out that Coulson lived, he couldn’t exactly go back on that, could he?”
“Breathe, Tony. Breathe with me,” she said, and took a deep inhale. Following the order without really meaning to, Tony took a deep breath, and released it at the same time Natasha did. Eventually his vision righted, and he was able to see Natasha clearly — her hair was pulled back in a messy ponytail, and she wore a plain blank tank top and gray sweatpants. That seemed wrong, the Widow was always completely flawless, would never show a vulnerable side like that. But she didn’t seem to care that she’d been caught with her guard down, and only continued to guide him through the breathing exercises, making sure to never touch him, but staying close enough he could feel her body heat.
“Wonder twins over there let me in,” she said jabbing a thumb at Bruce and Jane, who were currently engrossed in a discussion over some textbook. Tony frowned, not remembering them coming in, either. Rolling her eyes at them, Darcy continued, “But they were being boring so I wandered over here to you. I need a quote from you anyway, you’re the only Avenger I haven’t featured yet.”
