But it’s probably more than that. Cas feels caught off guard and unprepared, and perhaps a part of him resents that Dean and other people didn’t speak more candidly with him over the years, so that maybe it wouldn’t have come as such a shock.
Going to the market with so many other people has a major advantage and disadvantage, however, and they are one and the same.
“I see,” he says. “Well. I’m sure you didn’t feel like you had a choice, but — fact is, people are worried about it.”
Dean purses his lips. So Cas has been planning for a while; he’s built up a pile of books for Sam to get through, meaning he’ll be spending a lot of time with Cas, which also means he’ll be distracted from other things, like Valencia.
Just a few more months, he tells himself. A few more months of this dull, impotent hell, and then he can go home to Sam and Cas and the rest of his crew, and maybe they can figure out something to do about the Eden situation.
“Definitely. But, uh, Cas is right. Nothing to be ashamed of. Stuff just happens sometimes, and even if you, uh, think you didn’t do something you maybe should have — you know, everybody makes mistakes.”
He thinks Dean could throw open the door right now and demand to bed him, and Cas would be fine with it, so long as he still got to spend the night here.
And that when he does — Dean doesn’t have to worry about him leaving again, or trying to hide his feelings. He’s not gonna say it’s okay, because he still gets nervous sometimes, wonders if Cas is in the Isles changing his mind, or if next year he’s going to be pissed Dean tricked him into marrying him, but he tries to reassure himself that it’s out of his hands and if Cas wants to fuck up his life by tying himself to Dean
He knocks on Anna’s door, not sure what to expect and not hoping for much either, and a few minutes later, his sister answers.
have something to do with the fact that Cas hasn’t seen any serious action since school started and Dean spends at least thirty minutes of every day getting Cas unbelievably riled up without any promise of relief. Cas doesn’t mean to, he doesn’t, but it’s hard — wrong word,
necessarily, he’s not immune to the plight of innocents, and he’s definitely weak to any kind of active distress. Even if he doesn’t particularly
He definitely can’t keep playing these weird back-and-forth games with Cas. It’s exhausting, and upsetting, and he’s not getting anything done, and literally everyone he knows is
No one has to do anything, or decide anything. Just . . . spend time with him like you used to. How does that sound?”
“Well. I hope you’re not getting into trouble with those friends of yours. Pillars of the community or not, it’s easy for parents to spoil a child into bad behavior. We’ve all heard the stories.”
“No rest for the wicked,” she declares breezily, then chuckles when he blanches. “Oh, relax, I’m kidding. So, Castiel! How’s 451 treatin’ ya? Feel like home yet?”
particularly appreciative, but then, Dean would be pretty embarrassed, if it were him, so Cas is probably just hoping this conversation will end sooner rather than later.
“I was like . . . twenty-two, before I even realized what had happened there.” He looks at his sandwich, brow creased, and swallows. “I . . . God, I was — I was so in love with you.”
. Cas swears there’s notes of spice that weren’t there before, something warm and rich and inviting, and he follows it like he would some lovely baking emanation from the kitchens.
“Okay. Well — I think — what we have, the way we are — I think that’s really special, too.” He licks his lips. “Which means it — it’s not quite normal. But it’s better. Or, at least, it can be. And I — I want to hang onto it. I want to be with you, too. Whenever I can. Whatever that looks like.”
“Alright, Dean; why is that a problem? Would you say you have any issues surrounding sex and sexuality that might be coming into play here?”
Dean is never far from his thoughts, nowadays, and several times, Cas catches those thoughts overlapping with what he’s currently doing. It’s strange to think about Dean helping him even though there’s no chance of it happening, but he’s not quite able to stop himself; and in some ways, it feels like everything’s burning hotter because of it.
He can go back for things, he assures himself. And besides — even if he stays through the end of the lease, he can only eat so much before moveout, right?
He excuses himself to get a cup of coffee, ignoring the speculative gaze of the nurses, and the moment he finds a quiet spot in the hallway, he sinks to the floor and sobs his fucking heart out.
“Lemme get this straight. You set that up so people would know for sure — or think they knew — that you guys were fucking?”
“So, uh. Spooning’s called that ‘cause you’re like a couple of spoons, nested in the drawer. You turn away, and I just — slot up behind you. And then I hold on to you.”
“Right. Your Mr. Kelvin is a bloody fool, very good. Continue. What did you do after Mr. Kelvin informed you of the ruckus?”
Now, Dean already worried about this when he made his plans, because he’s not completely stupid, and he’s seen plenty of trashy movies, and he
“Dean,” the prince reminds him, and Cas swears he sounds a little petulant. “Nobody uses designation titles, these days.”
“It was . . . good.” Most of it was, anyway, and he’s hardly going to rant to his thirteen-year-old niece about his sexual frustrations. “I brought you fries.”
“Apologies. You have a very nice figure,” he says honestly, and she throws back her head and laughs. Behind her, Dean’s jaw drops.
Unfortunately, or fortunately, he doesn’t have work the next day, and after lying in bed for some time trying to think of all the
“They don’t. Half of it is part of the living room, now. And half of the living room became a closet.”
The moment you’ve all (or at least some of you have) been waiting for! :D Thank you so much for reading and sharing your thoughts, and please enjoy! ♡
“Remember this?” he murmurs, running careful fingers over the glazed ceramic bluebird, pausing over the chip on one wing. “I wanted it so bad, when I thought Missouri was gonna throw it out.”
And it’s so weird, but Dean swears to God he feels a clenching little pulse around his cock, just then, and he subtly shifts into it, because even if he
Of course, the first thing Dean does is lean over and prod Cas’s with his fork until the browning is revealed.
,” Cas shoots back smoothly, a bit of bite to the last word, and there’s something about the low emphasis that has Dean shifting uncomfortably in his seat.
it, Cas has very little idea about what’s actually going on in it. It’s either about romantic love or childhood dreams, and for people who are not him, the two are not generally interchangeable.
“Need stuff from the drawer,” he murmurs, though he doesn’t let go, in no hurry to disrupt the sweet slide of their mouths against each other, especially not when Cas simply parts his lips on a sigh, an invitation he knows Dean can’t resist. This is blissfully familiar territory, in some ways, with echoes of many a late night spent lazily making out, but it’s utterly new in others; there’s that same slow, simmering heat, building steadily as they tangle together, but for once, it’s not to be ignored. For once, there are no rumpled pajamas or looming threats of depowerment caught between them; instead, there’s just skin, what feels like miles of it, smooth and warm where it brushes against Dean’s, and when Cas’s grip in his hair tightens, turns insistent, mouth moving over his with unmistakable urgency, Dean does nothing to discourage it.
Sexual Content: There is an erotic bath in which Dean touches Cas’s penis and posterior with the washcloth, which I opted not to begin the *** marks at, but if you think you will be bothered, the bath is effectively foreplay and can probably be skipped (although once Cas is out, there is a conversation about the importance of communication and both parties enjoying what is happening).
Dean scrambles out of his chair and closes the distance between them, taking Cas’s face in his hands and kissing him.
“Hm. I believe he told me — he wants ‘whatever he can get’ from you. And then he went on to say that he felt he was the more invested party, the more committed of the two of you. That you did not reciprocate the intensity of his feelings.”
you’d have to be an idiot not to figure out his feelings for Sam, and Dean likes to think he’s particularly good at recognizing the signs.
soft and fluffy. I don’t actually know. It’s not like I spend the day petting the guy or anything,” he jokes, but then he remembers that actually, he spends a lot of the day petting the guy, and given how much other stuff they’re going to have to keep to the bedroom, it doesn’t feel fair to make him to give all of that up, too, familial opinions be damned. “ Or actually — like, his
“Maybe, maybe not. Jo, Cas ain’t seventeen the way you were, the way most of the kids in Lawrence are. He’s not even comfortable helpin’ himself. The last thing we need is him agreein’ to somethin’ he doesn’t really want just because he ain’t used to dealing with any of this.”
Unless Cas’s initial theory is proven right, and it doesn’t fit at all. Then he’ll know Dean’s wouldn’t fit, either.
Later that night, once Cas had calmed down and Dean had wordlessly drawn him in for one of those rare, whole-body snuggles they were
They’re quiet the first few minutes, staring out across the damp, shiny black pavement, a light wind stirring dead leaves across the lawn, though they’re mostly shielded on the porch.
“I did say you had a point, Dean. One which we’ll discuss. Aside from that . . .” He nods to the guards. “We’ll see you in three weeks, son.”
Dean looks inordinately pleased with himself for some reason, and when he meets Cas’s eye, his grin widens.
Well. That’s . . . not really how he wanted to play this — it doesn’t exactly come naturally to him — but it’s not a
Of course he did. It’s fine for an alpha like Dean to wander around erect and ready to bed someone, but Cas’s dysfunction is pointless and embarrassing, besides, and he’d rather Dean not bear witness to it without anything else to distract him.
Sometimes, when he looks at or thinks about Dean, he gets this pinched, uncomfortable feeling, instead of the light, tingling sense of contentment he’s apparently been taking for granted.
Which, okay, that’s totally normal for a nearly sixteen-year old who is at all interested in girls, but
Which — it’s ridiculous. He’d expected this, well before he’d even made the decision to sleep with Dean at all. He’d known all along that once Dean had successfully seduced him, there was every likelihood that he would show his hand, to humiliate Cas for being stupid enough to fall for it.
“The entire castle,” John says bluntly. “And from what I hear, Castiel is becoming adept enough at that on his own. Now, surely you and your people would like some rest and refreshments—”
. He was particularly startled to find that combining the new method of dealing with erections with the old one
(Also, I know sweet fuckall about poetry. I cannot overstate my lack of literary education or my inability to successfully analyze anything more complicated than Old MacDonald Had a Farm, so if you’re like ‘???’ about the poetry references in this fic, I’m very sorry.)
funny, and the sound of Cas’s self-indulgent chortling reaching the kitchen just makes it funnier, because wow, Cas is in a good mood tonight and it’s been kind of contagious and—
be a problem, if they were less close friends and all they were going to do was snuggle down to sleep at night, but Dean’s pretty sure they’re about as close as just-friends-who-are-maybe-actually-dating-without-meaning-to-date can get, and even if they’re both less stressed once they’re safe at home with family – or quasi-family, in Cas’s case – and they don’t feel the need to masturbate quite so often-
And that just — that pisses Dean the hell off, because it’s like Cas is pulling words right out of Dean's brain and passing them off as his own goddamn feelings.
“Dean,” she interrupts, smiling. “It’s okay. To be honest, when I agreed to this, I wasn’t sure I was ready either. Why don’t you — I don’t know, text me. We can maybe get coffee a few times. Just . . . play it by ear? I think we could both use some grown-up company, at least.”
“Oh. Just . . . later, when . . .” She trails off, giving him an uncomfortable smile. “I should get back to work.”
“Uh.” Dean swallows, then takes a deep breath. “No, that – that one’s fine, that was just, uh, a fluke. I’m good.”
“I could,” he says instead, and Dean stills. “If — if you wanted. They, um. They won’t send me to the Gardens, anymore. And . . . the ones that aren’t alpha sons, I could — perhaps I could keep them here, with me. And you . . . you could visit — all of us.”
He squeezes around them for emphasis, and Dean groans, one long, loud note amid the chorus, and then there’s pressure at Cas’s entrance and Dean’s little finger is pushing in alongside the other three and Cas stutters into his own fist, crying out from the pleasure of it, and-
Samandriel briefly makes a face; he, like most people, seems to have a very negative reaction when he hears Cas is loading and unloading cargo at the river docks. Cas had tried a day of work in the Singer fields, at first, but past not being
The girl on the bench jerks upright, brown eyes wide and startled. She’s younger than Cas initially assumed, though there’s a premature tiredness in her unlined face, and he experience a pang of unease at what might have brought her to their door.
“It’s strange. Sometimes, you make me feel like I’m in heat, except if heats were actually pleasant.” Cas pauses. “Oh. It’s getting worse.”
“Anna and I had wondered about it for years. What you’d do with her. Obviously, we didn’t think it would be anything good.” It feels like so long ago that they had those quiet, uneasy talks, humor a bleak effort as they contemplated what the future held.
Still, a hundred and twenty dollars for a toy when Cas has lube and some perfectly good – and Dean means
. All I’m trying to say is — that was a shitty, unforgivable thing he did and he totally deserves some payback for it, but we’ve got no business attacking the rest of him or his life.”
“Oh. Okay, that sounds . . . good. I’ll let Dad know.” He’s pretty sure John won’t care; Dad is about fifty times less strict with Sam’s time than with Dean’s, and even then, once practice is done with and he’s hassled Dean about his homework and dinner, he usually checks out or goes out with his buddies. “Have fun. Make sure you get some work done.”
He comes to a stop right next to Cas, careful to let their shoulders brush, and Cas steps away with the beginnings of an apology before he recognizes Dean.
To his shame, Cas’s bedtime lullaby that night starts with him a conspicuously grown-up student, guilty over knocking a beloved paperweight off Mr. Winchester’s desk and finding himself in detention when his teacher doesn’t believe it was an accident.
The room is enormous, the bed big enough for at least four people, in Cas’s opinion, dressed with half a dozen pillows and the plushest looking duvet he’s ever seen. There’s a section of the room, the size of one of the inn rooms all on its own, with a writing desk and several bookcases. The walls are white wooden panels, adorned with intricately carved moulding and wainscoting throughout, and there’s two massive armoires on another wall. In yet another corner, there’s a small dining area, catty corner to a pretty, peach-stoned fireplace.
“I’ve been hugging Sam about three times a day since he got here,” she insists. “And he drove with a friend. It’s a little late.”
well-suited, and that you have the care to back it up. Even when it’s not working, you somehow find a way to
“No. No, I’m — I should ‘think’ as you say. I don’t know that it will do any good, but — I’ll try.” He hesitates. “Thank you for being honest with me.”
906 Pine Street’s driveway is packed when he gets there, cars bumper to bumper and a clear sign that the Winchester family’s guests won’t be going anywhere for a while.
“Then do it. I don’t care. But know that if you try and force the issue, I will write Michael myself and tell him the truth.”
Cas gives him an oddly calculating look, one that’s unexpectedly-but-unsurprisingly enticing, even in Dean’s overtaxed, aggressively butt-blasted state.
Cas throws an anxious glance down the corridor, possibly even in the direction of Sam and Dean’s room, and suppresses a sigh.
Dean abruptly turns his head with a gasp, and Cas suddenly finds himself with a mouthful of Dean’s hair.
Dean pulls his brother into a tight, squeezing hug, clapping him on the back heartily to get him to shut up.
Which is why Cas was hoping that that love, immense and obvious as it is, could become the kind that Cas felt. That Dean could want to marry him even if no one was making him, that helping Cas with a heat wouldn’t be a burden, that Cas wouldn’t have to worry about his own feelings making either one of them unhappy.
(scene will be marked with *** at the beginning and end, full details in the notes if you want to skip it/are simply worried), references to forced separation of parent and child (Cas and his future children), references to past abuse (Cas’s back, details about that are in the story end notes), please let me know if I missed anything.
“Look, I’m not trying to start something, here, I’m just bein’ honest. He doesn’t really do touchy-feely. He’s kind of . . . I don’t know, cold.”
He shimmies out of his pajama pants and settles back against the pillows, still a little nervous but overall much less worried than he had been.
“I’m not mad at you,” he tries next, and after a long moment, he pulls, turning Cas and catching his gaze. “I’m not. That isn’t — that’s not what that was about it.”
There’s no murderous glee or dark satisfaction as Cas reads over his letter, so it’s probably got nothing to do with Dean at all. Instead, Cas’s whole face softens, blue eyes warm even half-obscured by his lashes, and the corners of his mouth tick up with pleasure.
Later that morning at breakfast, as Dean scooped a generous portion of eggs onto his plate at the sideboard, he heard Gabriel briefing Castiel on the state of the stables. He said the work could be completed in short order with a few more hands, thus freeing the builders to get started on the new houses in town that very week.
Balthazar was there, behind Dean's back leaving two more cocktails on little paper napkins, and he saw Castiel's eyelids flutter. His eyebrow went up and his eyelid went down in an outrageous wink that nearly had Cas snorting scotch from his nose. Cas raised his hand, ostensibly to smooth Dean's collar and flipped Balthazar off. The bartender put his nose in the air and turned on his heel to start closing out the cocktail waitress so she could cut out early since her last table just left. The bar closed at midnight on Sundays, and soon it would be just the three of them shutting the place down.
“Begging your pardon, your highness, but if I know anything at all, I know that family don’t end in blood. Sam Winchester’s family is the people trying to save their homes, trying to survive against oppression and stacked odds. They’re the ones who shared their bread with us when I couldn’t scrape together enough pennies in a week to buy it. They’re the ones who used leftover yarn from their shops to knit ugly blankets for us so Sam’s bed was warm and comfortable. They’re the ones who came into our horrible little room to care for us when we were sick. Those people gave us their love and care, and now that we have means, we have given them nothing in return.”
He tried to ascend the great staircase in a fit and manly fashion, with purpose in each step, but before he reached the landing, he would admit to trudging like a twenty-year-old mule in mud. His back was tired, and he longed for a bath to rid his flesh of the day’s sweat. It was ironic that reaching his bedchamber was such a relief that he forgot to expect the scullery maid with the customary evening’s hot water for his bath; Dean had already removed his coat, cravat, and shirt when the knock came at his door.
“I want to help you,” he insists. “You prefer to have someone assist you, don’t you? I can do that, Dean—”
Because pretty much all of therapy is about him and Cas. Every time they go in, they talk about the two of them, and more often than not, Pamela manages to steer them off-course and hand them sharp sticks so they can stab at the never-addressed and carefully-ignored sore spots they have between them (even though Dean still doesn’t quite see what Pamela thinks they’re getting out of it).
Of course, Sam just straightens up, turning fully toward Dean, gaze open and intent in a way that guarantees Dean is about to get his ass Earnestly Advised.
He leans back against the door, taking deep, calming breaths and trying to will his erection dead, despite having just had the most erotic and ethically suspect experience of his fucking
It’s not fair. Fantasy-Dean thrusts a bottle of lube into Cas’s hands because he wants to lie back and watch Cas open himself up, just for him, but real Dean good-naturedly shoves the lube at him because he’s
It’s dark in the room, quiet, and if not for the very strong smell permeating the air, Dean would assume it was empty.
Dean’s pretty sure when Pamela says ‘handsome,’ she means ‘you adorable thing, you,’ but he’ll take it.
For a minute, he thinks Cas is going to ignore him, insistently sifting through the tangle of flowers, searching for shriveled heads, but then:
Yet again, Lucy brings the rapier down on the banister, Susan beaming on approvingly, and Anna simply sighs.
atmosphere to him, listening to them talk with patient interest. It all gave Cas a peculiar sense of
And then he stands, going to the mirror and carefully straightening his tunic and smoothing his trousers. He’s tempted to put in a comb or barrette, or even tuck a fresh bloom from the arrangement by the window behind his ear, but he doesn’t want to be obvious.
But his dad is looking expectant and even if he weren’t, Dean knows this isn’t optional, and since he can’t think of a good excuse to refuse — at least, not one his father will agree with—
” Cas hisses, trembling against him, and Dean just breathes in and keeps thrusting into his hand, keeps the mattress shaking. The skin on Cas’s ribs is turning clammy where it’s pressed to Dean’s, and Dean shifts his grip over it, squeezing, letting his thumb brush against Cas’s pec.
Bobby’s face takes on a really weird look at that, but Dean wants to make sure Sam understands what’s happening before he starts getting punchy again.
“It’s why she — wait, this isn’t the chick who was supposed to come with us in the first place, is it?”
“True,” Dean finally says, then clears his throat. “You, uh. You could also go out, if you wanted. Or head home for a bit. I’m pretty sure I’m not gonna die if you leave me alone for a night.”
Is it – is it really so wrong if he just – stays put? If he just stays completely, perfectly still, and he doesn’t touch himself, then – then isn’t that as good as if he were still asleep, completely unawares to whatever it was Dean happened to be doing? He’s not
They stand in silence until finally, Cas is ready to go. The crowd draws back, leaving Anna room to embrace her brother, words exchanged quietly between them for a few minutes before she kisses his forehead and unnecessarily helps him onto his horse.
A really nice game with Cas, who woke up happy and then gave Layla a fucking hug while Dean got a shit ton of attitude and some vehement words about — about not
he’d know Cas was in full possession of his wits and memories, but the look on his face when Cas said it made it clear he didn’t.
“She could have been lost for a long time,” Susan points out, though given the way she smiles at the shadow beneath the chair, Cas somehow doubts she’ll be pleased to part with the cat, should any owners turn up.
“Well, if it helps, I think they just went up with the last of it?” Vivian offers, biting her lip, and Cas relaxes, somewhat mollified.
Anna probably would have just rolled her eyes, but Samandriel falters, blue eyes going wide and sad.
“You know, Becky catches him napping in his office, sometimes. Even I saw him passed out on a lunchtable once.”
“You drove into a tree less than a week ago. And you have a broken wrist. You did not need to be up, let alone
“I’m not sure. You know, I’ve dealt with Prince Dean once before, and while he’s surprisingly agreeable company, being the target of his wrath is . . . less so. Rumor has it he rather likes his young husband — and you know how sentimental Lawrencians can be.”
Cas pushes off the ground, wrapping his legs around Dean’s waist and squeezing like his life depends on it. There’s another appalled squawk, but Dean ignores it, way too busy struggling to stay balanced.
Cas nods, an odd feeling rising thick in his throat, and for a moment, he’s worried he won’t be able to speak.
And that — that’s probably the biggest difference between this and training. Now is Cas’s chance, the opportunity he’d normally take to shove Dean off and get free —
“There,” he announced, smoothing a thumb along the new knots before letting go. “If anybody gives you trouble again, I’ll kick their ass.”
“I’m glad,” he manages, following him. “And . . . obviously, it matters how you feel, not me, but — I’m glad you ended up here, too.”
whose feelings were hurt last night because Dean said he didn’t really know him, who’s still somehow preparing a meal on his own for the first time ever because he’s obviously worried about
“Of course,” Dean murmurs, and a moment later, the cloth slips between his legs, efficiently going over his balls and moving on, a brief but firm pressure sliding along his posterior before it presses into the divide.
“Right, well. I’m sure you’ll make friends soon.” He smirks. “Ask Becky what her favorite book series is, and—"
In fact, Cas has a wild suspicion that if said boy was, in fact, the boyfriend in question, it might even make it
“So . . . you spent five years of your adolescence knowing that if you did the wrong thing, whatever it was, you might not be welcome in your own home. That your place there, despite being a child, was contingent on your ability to follow rules. Rules you couldn’t fully understand.”
“What are you going to give me, Dean?” he asks, applying a little more pressure to Dean’s shoulder, enough that Dean rolls.
“Please,” he says quietly, tinged with desperation, and despite the eloquent ferocity of his words, this one comes out sounding just like the plea of a frightened child.
It doesn’t happen. He knows Cas notices, not just because he trained him to, but because he literally sees the moment Cas’s eyes flicker to his side, sees his leg twitch.
Michael’s party takes refreshments and then excuses themselves to rest, but just as Cas is trying to signal to Anna that he’ll meet her in her chambers, Michael clears his throat.
There’s silence for a moment, followed by the sound of muffled voices, steadily growing louder. He can’t make out words, but he can make out Dean, tone achingly familiar even in the muddle, and then the chorus fades and there’s just footsteps, coming closer.
“Eh. It’s not a bad price, for either of us. Might could do better in the next town, but could do worse as well.” He grins, cheeky. “Ought I to wrap it up for you, then?”
“And yet he can’t tell us who he is,” she points out, and that would absolutely be a fair point, but—
take the opportunity, despite knowing what you supposedly knew, he hoped the Bond would register it as selfish disregard for me.”
Cas reaches for the buttons of his waistcoat, enchanted by Dean’s strange, focused expression, and carefully strips it off.
He pulls out, Cas’s spine going rigid as another choked moan meets its fate against the pillowcase, and moves to turn him over, wrestling him free of the pillow — when the hell did he get
The treehouse isn’t designed for a grown man, after all, and there’s something about the small, harmless act of defiance that tickles him immensely.
As much as Dean hates to admit it, if he and Cas didn’t have this shitty, fucked up history, then the moment Cas had walked into Pam’s bar that night, Dean still would have been all over him, would have needed a loud and clear ‘get lost’ to not try and make sure Cas didn’t leave without
Chapter warnings: Almost Dean/other (marked by ** at the beginning and end of those two scenes). Discussions of sex/heats. Misunderstandings about Sam and Cas’s relationship (although neither of them have or ever will have feelings for one another). Detailed explanations in the end notes, please let me know if you feel I missed something.
“So,” Dean says, once he’s done. “Not judging your shopping habits, but I’m guessing you’re still a bad cook.”
“Where the hell did you find that?” he demands, a little panicked. He knows they’re not supposed to talk about the unicorn thing, but he doesn’t know if that’s a hard rule, or what the consequences for breaking it are.
Cas almost says, but he’s not happy John is dead, is certainly not happy Dean doesn’t have a father, anymore, and there’s really nothing he can say here that will convey the
“Awesome, Cas. Just like that,” he says, a little breathless, and then he leans onto one elbow, reaching between them and taking himself in hand.
“Yeah,” Dean admits, not looking at him. “Everybody hit puberty and started dating and shit, and I didn’t know why you didn’t, or why people weren’t constantly after you. Spent a decent amount of time thinking about your goddamn eyes, and what an okay-looking body all that running gave you, and don’t even get me started on all the thoughts I had about how nice your hair was, how nice
“Um. I . . . something about — me belonging there? I turned to face her, and she was standing very close, and then—” Cas cuts off, flushing. His skin crawls at the recollection, and he finds himself suddenly reluctant to recount everything with such a large audience. As he thinks back, trying to remember the order right, it all — it sounds almost stupid, in his head.
What Cas wouldn’t give for indoor plumbing, like a traveling salesman once told him they had in the capital. He could have a bath
I just — it didn’t seem worth mentioning. It wasn’t even lunch, it was a coffee with — with an old friend.”
Mr. Dryer excuses him a little early, eyes knowing in a way Cas can’t be bothered to feel uneasy over, and he wastes no time getting home, eager to join Dean for baths and dinner and conversation and — hopefully — a reasonable amount of shirtless kissing before someone comes to ruin it.
John studies him for a moment, and then he sighs, reaching for a crutch and hoisting himself to his feet.
Cas shifts a little, subtly pushing into Dean’s hand, rubbing along his penis, and Dean lets out a hiss, though he gives Cas a knowing look.
In any case, Cas does his best not to brood, and when he can’t help it, he tries to daydream, instead — daydreaming about the good things that have
Cas tears his gaze away from the ceiling, which he’s just noticed is covered in lights meant to look like constellations. He likes it, though it seems oddly peaceful for the thundering music and jarring sway of the crowd beneath it.
Except then she thinks of how Mr. W treats his books, and his students, and how he dresses up to play pretend with his friends and proudly owns to being some cool-looking chick’s handmaiden — all the reasons she thought, maybe, he could be good for Cas — and okay, she can kind of see it.
Dean is standing in the tub, rivulets of water dripping down all those firm, lovely contours Cas was enjoying just moments ago, and as Cas’s eyes helplessly make their descent, it’s impossible not to notice a very marked change from when Dean went into the bath.
When Dean gets off the phone a few minutes later, Cas still feels like he’s choking on frigid water.
What if Dean’s just using the fact that Cas is totally fucking oblivious as an excuse to somehow — lure him into something he wouldn’t consciously choose? Maybe the kissing and the orgasms are the first two bouquets of chrysanthemums, and the third’ll be Dean asking him to come back to the castle — as a friend! — but he’ll really just be trying to make sure Cas doesn’t have any choice but to end up with him by default.
“You think he might be—" she cuts off, taking a deep breath and tucking her hair behind her ear. “Right. Okay. Dean? Maybe you should go to the infirmary, because I’m worried you might have been like, exposed to something while you were traveling—"
“Generally,” she begins, meeting his eyes, and there’s something about the way she’s looking at him that makes Dean’s soul feel naked in the floodlights. “But sometimes, actually, it can.”
up, when it comes to certain things. Almost like — like he’s afraid. And I thought . . . maybe he is?”
“Cas, that’s not — you’re looking at this all wrong. Yeah, I cook for you; I clean sometimes. But you bring me pie, and you clean, too, and a lot of that’s shit we’d have to do if we lived on our own, anyway. I don’t want you to
to keep his hands to himself if they meet up for a quick date between now and then, and that — well, that would be a shame. Dean’s sort of counting on having the whole night to themselves when something finally happens, and he’s ninety-nine-percent sure something will be happening on New Year’s Eve. After the sleepover drama, he’s no longer confident how exactly that something will play out, and since any lingering anxiety he has seems to be keeping to itself, that mostly just leaves . . .
She’s on the phone for a while; Cas glances over anxiously after a bit, afraid it might be bad news, but she has the phone tucked comfortably against her ear, grinning and laughing into it.
Is it just his imagination, he thinks, staring, or has Dean escalated in the past twenty-four hours? By a
Nah, the weird thing was what happened when Dean, in his surprising okay-ness, had spontaneously agreed to a date with the cute junior chick working at the library; upon his solitary return from a perfectly pleasant dinner that was somehow missing enough of a spark to prompt Dean to accept her invitation back to her place — despite his four-month dry spell — Dean opened the door to their shared apartment to find Cas leaning back against the counter directly across from the door, head thrown back, eyes shut, and lower half obscured by a kneeling figure, the guy's dark blond head moving enthusiastically.
“Dear Castiel, who art about to be in Heaven,” he starts, uncapping the bottle with a wink. “Hallowed be thy name . . .”
“You don’t know a goddamn thing,” he mumbles. “Because I’m afraid, if I tell you, you’ll let me have it. And I need
“No, you’re not,” he says, and after a beat, steps closer. “It – like you said, you’re my best friend. I – I trust you more than anyone.”
Anyway, Cas has barely looked at Dean all day, and since Dean’s read the books half a dozen times, this just isn’t as interesting to him, you know?
“Wanting affection is not a feminine thing, by nature,” Pamela says warningly, and Dean rolls his eyes. “Don’t roll your eyes. The fact that you know better but you feel like you have to use this language when you talk about your feelings is a big problem. One we’re going to have to discuss at some point.”
Cas, to his dismay, has forgotten nothing by the time he wakes, sad, hungover, and profoundly regretful.
They don’t stay there long. The pie has been in the oven no more than ten minutes before Dean is withdrawing, breaths harsh, hands firmly pulling Cas’s off of him.
Cas arches up into him, relishing the faint friction as his own penis brushes against their stomachs, and his body seems to clutch at Dean in that wonderful way as a result. He thinks Dean enjoys it, too, fingers tight in Cas’s hair, his breaths ragged, the muscles in his back jumping every time Cas pulses around him, and then he’s drawing out and pushing back in and Cas is
“You know — I despised Adler. I hated how he spoke to his family, and I especially hated how he spoke to me. I hated how he looked at me. But I was never afraid of him. If something happened to me, it would be because I was in trouble with Father or the council. All Adler could do was try to rat me out.”
fill Baby’s sacred interior , he would have chased you off the lawn with Dad’s old hunting rifle, but Cas looks tired and beautiful and fucking
“Dean. I’m not going to stop either of you from doing what makes you comfortable, but — the odds are so low. Out of consideration for other people, yes, we all need to stay home until we can be sure, but as far as your dad and I are concerned — we’re fine.”
“Don’t know if Sam is fine after the scolding John gave him,” Rufus mutters, and Bobby elbows him, eyes warning.
He’s not sixteen, though, no matter what Cas makes him feel like, and the reality is — whatever magic is happening, inside his head or out? It’s not real, and more importantly, it can’t last.
Which is easier said than done, because Dean knows they’re just about to the breaking point, to the end of the line, and when they get there, there’s only going to be one thing to say.
“He kissed me goodnight,” he mumbles. “I didn’t — I don’t think I did anything. But he just — he kissed me. And when I tried to stop, because that — that’s wrong, I don’t deserve that — he looked at me like — like he wanted to kiss me some more, anyway.”
For the first time in over a month, Dean thinks he sees a little light return to Cas’s eyes, and Cas nods.
“Dude, seriously? I’m practically the only other human being you see. And most of the time, you’re stuck in your bedroom. How are you not going crazy?”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greets him, pausing by the sofa to squeeze Cas’s shoulder. It could be Cas’s imagination, but there’s something soft in his voice, and his hand lingers for a moment for he withdraws it.
As little actual detail about bedding is provided in novels, and as many ridiculous things tend to happen in them, to the point that Cas can never be sure what’s reflective of reality – he’s fairly certain that after bedding, people sometimes sleep together.
This is probably why Cas tried to play that stupid joke the other night, and it sure as hell explains Cas suddenly not wanting to sleep in Dean’s room even though two days later he was figuratively throwing himself on the sacrificial pyre of Dean’s rut.
“Dean, stop it,” Sam interrupts, scowling. “I don’t know what Cas was doing — I don’t even know what
“You’re getting kind of heavy to do this kind of thing,” is the first thing Dean says to him, more of a grunt, and Cas digs his fingers in a little harder than necessary.
Dean listened, jaw tight, because while no, maybe Dean didn’t go to Stanford, he still went to college. It was a thing people did, especially now.
“No,” is all he says, the word coming out with a touch of hysteria that Dean barely registers and chooses to ignore, because
As the deadline draws nearer, though, Dean starts to doubt that ‘no’. Maybe he hasn’t fully embraced a ‘yes,’ isn’t ready to commit the ‘sincere gesture of true love’ the book talked about — which, no wonder most attempts fail; if not for the book, Dean would have no fucking clue what was even happening here — but he realizes, coming home to Cas in pajamas and the zoo sweatshirt, dipping chunks of toast into the jar of peanut butter like it’s fucking chip dip, that at some point, he stopped considering rejection as an option.
“Yeah, of course, lemme just, uh, you know, I’ll-” Cas squints, and he scrambles forward, settling one knee in between Cas’s calves, just behind him and to the side, so he can get close enough to provide the snuggle Cas is looking for – which is the whole point of Dean being the extra hand, so to speak – but will also be angled enough so his dick doesn’t touch him.
“That gentleman just released a bestseller in Germany,” she says, tilting her head to the left. “We’re one of the publishers courting him for an American release.”
Dean’s not expecting it, not the words or the softness in Cas’s amused gaze, in his pleased smile, and his own heart lurches, throat suddenly feeling tight.
“Oh. Awesome,” he offers, uncertain. “That, uh. That’s not usually how that talk goes down, so – so . . . good job, man.”
“And because of my inferior understanding, I confess to being surprised by them. They were not what I would have expected.”
Then he wiggles forward, smoothing Cas’s hair — it quickly bounces back into chaos — and brushes his lips against Cas’s.
— and as much as Dean enjoys the meal outside, the experience both comfortingly familiar and thrillingly new, it’s a relief to go back in and push his duster off Cas’s shoulders, tucking him into bed once more.
“Quit sulking,” Jo says, grin wide and offensive, and Dean uncrosses his arms with effort, leaning back against the wall nonchalantly.
“That son of a bitch. I can’t believe I ever felt so—" She coughs. “So — invested. In your relationship. When he was obviously a jerk.”
“Yes,” Cas says, even though he knows they’re imagining some poorly disguised pattern of angsty love songs; still, a mix of Dean’s favorite songs by his favorite band is certainly not
has to ‘keep house,’ Tara. Trust me, if we let go of all the maids, you’d be complaining pretty damn fast.”
exactly — there’s a reason you don’t just run it through a software — but if asked, he would have assumed that a book of poetry and a book of fiction couldn’t be too much different. So long as you understand the original text, you ought to be able to say it in another language, right?
Becky warns him Charlie’s in a foul mood, in case he happens to venture into the cafeteria or visit anyone upstairs, and Cas is feeling so bitter and exhausted he almost tells her he’s pretty sure he knows
of their freshman year in college, when Dean slipped out of his bed and crawled into Cas’s without a word. Cas waited up the next year, eventually knocked on Dean’s door just in case he was needed, but Dean never answered.
“You know — I could maybe still use it. Like, If I glaze this bit where it broke, fix it up a bit — should work just fi—hey!”
” Cas chides him, clearly missing the fucking point, and continues. “You were basically yourself, but a caveman. With suspiciously good teeth. Anyway, you found me, and you didn’t understand a word I said, but you threw me over your shoulder and took me back to your cave anyway.”
“Dean!” Charlie cries, racing across the room to wrap him in a hug. She gives him a squeeze, then hooks an arm around Sam. “You guys made it! We were worried you were going to freeze in the wilderness!”
did, and did you know if we fuck, he loses his powers? Which should make it a no-brainer, of course we won’t, but he keeps
Which leaves his room. It shouldn’t be too hard to get Cas in his room, right? They’ve spent a ton of time in there over the last month, after all.
aren’t on board . . . you might just end up with towns and territories that decide they’re gonna ignore us completely. And sure, you can bring the army down and remind them what law they answer to, but if you start having to use force on your civilians on any kind of large scale — well, it means you fucked up somewhere.”
Dean said so, before, but that was a long time ago, and Cas has become a rather large, occasionally cranky person.
He feels it, Cas’s come, coating his stomach where they’re pressed so close together, sounds smothered against Dean’s hand as he twists and shudders, and surprise is probably the only thing that stops Dean from following right over.
“What happened? If you don’t mind me asking. I don’t even know who Ben’s father is, if it helps,” she adds, then makes a face. “Which is probably not what I want to say on a first date, is it?”
“When you came back . . . I — I hadn’t understood what Jimmy could have been thinking, honestly. And then, seeing you with Claire . . . that was a surprise to me. But it shouldn’t have been. You’d always looked out for your brother, too, in retrospect; and in your own way, I think you tried to do as you were told. I didn’t appreciate that. I often resented that you didn’t seem to appreciate what
His father had been silent after that, and Cas, at twelve, had been mildly concerned for the messenger at the door.
Anyway, Cas sips his juice, trailing after the other three and quietly taking in the lively festival atmosphere, and he can’t help himself.
“Damn it, Cas,” he pants, hands scrabbling for purchase on Cas’s hips, eager for touch, for even more contact beyond the sheer perfection that is being buried deep inside Cas’s tight, soft heat. “Warn a guy.”
He didn’t know what to make of it, when he got his mark after all, but he knew it was nothing good. All it did was complicate things, when Cas had just begun to accept them for what they were. All it did was remind him that Dean wasn’t for him, and no matter how Cas felt, Dean wouldn’t
Chapter warnings: brief implied reference to Wincest in a fictional context, references to past Dean/Lisa, past emotional infidelity (details in the notes), character placing significance on virginity (details/clarification in the notes), potential significance placed on sex in a relationship (clarification in the notes), also there's a joke in here about having sex while listening to Dido (specifically White Flag), but no judgment on anyone who wants to do that, please let me know if I missed anything.
Dean swallows, and Cas watches his throat move. It occurs to him, belatedly, that Dean hasn’t said anything either.
“Yeah. Come the harvest, we’re going to the Eastern border. Hellenia always comes around causing trouble then.”
He smells pretty good, too — there’s only a faint layer of training grime to it. Maybe he’s finally grown out of his bath allergy. Or maybe his barrack-mates lodged a formal complaint.
“She skipped school. I — I searched all day, but I couldn’t find her, and when I did, I was so — I felt so—"
“Prince Castiel,” Naomi addresses him, and though it takes him a moment to place a voice he hasn’t heard in so many years, he whirls around once he has.
to, he resorts to the same tactics he used as a child, and Cas just endures it, trying not to speculate on whether there’s more to his guilt than Cas even knows.
“My heat. I thought it was — very bad, but she said it was normal.” Cas shrugs again, sighing as he picks up his fork. “I suppose I’ll get used to it.”
“So?” he finally says, voice low, one eye on the figure at the other end of the bar. “Whaddya think, brother?”
“Fine.” With a sniff, he turns his gaze toward the window; it’s pointless, because it’s a late fall evening and the glare from her office light leaves everything outside an unfathomable nothingness, but he can be polite.
And honestly, Cas is sleepy and hard and no matter how many blowjobs Dean gives him, no matter how skillfully he works his fingers into his hole and follows it up with a well-maneuvered toy, the reality is, none of that is the same as having Dean’s warmth pressed all along his backside, as feeling Dean’s hard length thrusting up against his cheeks, and in his current state, it’s difficult not to feel like he deserves to just have
Of course, there’s also the bedsharing, and the fact that Cas still expects Dean to wash his hair at bath time. Just yesterday morning, Dean woke up, took his shower, and nearly had a heart attack when a super naked Cas pulled aside the curtain and tried to get in with him. Dean can tell his explanation of why they definitely can’t do community bathing was somewhat underwhelming to Cas — Cas kept pointing at the toothbrushes and face wash, exasperated — but Dean's shower went uninterrupted this morning. He’s a little worried it’ll turn out like the bedsharing and a week from now, he’ll be frantically thinking of naked family members and old toilet floaters while a quietly triumphant Cas soaps up less than a foot away, but — that’s a problem for later.
She moves to fill the pot with water instead of answering, and for a brief, thrilling moment, Cas thinks that might actually be the end of it.
Is that a thing, in an open relationship? Not only can you sleep with whoever you want, you can start spending weekends with them, too? Are you allowed to take vacations with other people, as well? Should Cas have asked for a fucking manual, when Dean first brought it up?
“Fine. But unless he turns out to have maggots in his teeth and randomly spits at you, you’re an ass. Just so you know.”
“You can’t,” she insists, darting out of Billie’s grasp, seizing his arm. “You can’t, Castiel. If — if someone goes out, it should be me. I can run away again, like I did before. Miss Talbot will figure something out.”
Jo is snuggled up between Bobby and Ellen on the sofa, watching TV, when they get back, but there’s no sign of Cas.
“So, Cas and I are just going for a ride, maybe do a bit of gardening. We’ll probably be back after shift change.”
“And I’ll just assume since you’re not mature enough to have a conversation, you must not be mature enough for extra training sessions in the courtyard.
The man tries to straighten, then winces, still clutching his side as he slumps back into the chair.
Dean’s fingers touch his forehead when he emerges, smoothing back the dripping curls and gently catching the droplets before they can slide into Cas’s eyes, and a shiver ripples through him, as though the room is too cold, after all.
“Uh. Good?” Honestly, Claire ended up in the bathroom enough times last night, Cas kept asking if she was sure she was feeling okay, but she couldn’t exactly tell him a classmate gave her some extremely fibrous food as a thank-you. He’d think she was making friends or something, and then he’d get all sad and disappointed later.
“Okay. So. Children are made when two people . . . um. Have . . . intercourse.” She makes a face, then mumbles something that sounds like, “How is this my responsibility?”
especially that he was sober for, seeing the way that gorilla trailed along the fence line, staring at Dean like—
Cas sucks in a breath, Dean’s hand settling warm over his stomach, and instinctively press back into him.
“You seriously expect me to go in there and tell them how hot that would get me?” he asks next, and Cas slows, giving him a questioning look. “That when I watch you kicking ass and training to beat the ever-living shit out of whatever asshole’s unlucky enough to cross you, I’ll probably get hard and think things I shouldn’t and start counting the seconds till I can call it a day for everyone and take you back to my — to our room and lick the sweat right off your body?”
and hid behind the fucking bar, and even if he hadn’t, even if he’d been dumb enough to start on a trajectory that he
He does his weird little giraffe squat again, and Dean settles in right across from him, unconcerned for his already-dirty trousers.
seein’ you, Garth. Why don’t you go say ‘hi’ to everybody else? We don’t wanna hog you. Oh, and tell Jo we need some tequila over here.”
He licks his lips, thinks his tongue accidentally brushes Cas’s throat, thinks Cas might immediately tilt his head in response, might be
And with that, he stands, promptly ducking in to kiss Cas, breathless and messy, and then one of the hands on Cas’s ass become an arm, hooking beneath him and lifting, and a few seconds of fumbling and stumbling later Cas is being dropped back onto the bed, sprawling wide as Dean crawls right after him.
Dean’s tripping over his words, but the thing is, Cas is still living in an innocent, magical bubble where he thinks people test each other’s battle potential on their wedding nights. He doesn’t know what was
Allusion to potential non-con: John tells Dean it’s time for heirs; Dean refuses, for Cas’s sake, and says if Cas isn’t ready, Dean’s not going to force him. John says if Dean has to, then he will. (Obviously, Dean won’t. Dean won’t even do things Cas
And maybe that’s a lie, but it’s the most truth he can bring himself to admit to; Jimmy wouldn’t approve at all, if he knew the whole story.
And that — that’s it. He doesn’t deny that he’s still angry, or that he’s only spending time with Cas so he can hurt him later. He doesn’t try to tell Cas another lie about needing to get past it, wanting to be friends with him, or offer him any reason to think this won’t inevitably end with Cas, heart just as broken as Dean’s must have been, and everything about it leaves Cas feeling more than a little defeated.
Cas has his fists clenched so tightly beneath the table, he wouldn’t be surprised to find bloody half-moons forming on his palms.
“And I was glad, once I got it, but . . .” Cas shrugs. “I think — I was still hoping I would go back.”
Dean hits a few buttons, and then he climbs onto the bed from the other side, crawling over to Cas and reaching for him.
“Casanovak tries to snuggle with you while you’re finger-fucking him and practically humping his leg—"
“Get away from my brother,” she snaps back, and Dean prepares to draw back, to hurl the teapot at her, to lunge forward and disarm her-
She lowers it briefly, brow creased in consternation, as if she’s about to speak, then appears to think better of it.
Cas squints, burrowing a little further down. It would have been too hot for the blanket ten minutes ago, but now that he’s settled down and Dean has moved away, he appreciates it.
Dean loops a pinky around Cas’s, grinning, and Cas sort of stares at their twined fingers, clearly confused. He’ll get used to Lawrence customs eventually, though.
,” Cas snaps. He wants to rewind, to when Dean was sniff-checking his body wash, or even fast-forward to snuggling on the sofa while they watch a movie.
P.S. For anyone who's been reading and is curious about what young knight-in-training Cas looked like, Diminuel made a lovely doodle of this, which can be found
“You don’t know because you didn’t have to listen to them yelling about Cas corrupting some wholes—"
) and Cas briefly closes his eyes, something that looks a little like ‘bliss’ flitting over his face.
“A lot of what we do in the morning counts as worship,” he says, then pointedly adds: “Gods can always use more, though.”
It’s actually been a few years since Dean was in Bobby’s study for any reason other than wanting to be there or needing to talk to him about something, but right now, it might as well have been yesterday. The sensation of being
“You should rest, Lucy,” Billie suggests. “You’re on the dinner shift tonight, aren’t you? I’ll keep an eye on our guests. They don’t seem inclined to make trouble, thus far.”
Dean initially tries to park him in front of the TV, insisting he’s got it covered, but Cas stubbornly gets up and hovers until Dean caves and shows him how to peel the zucchini. He fully expects Cas to butcher it, but while the first one is a little wonky, the rest of them are perfect.
“Right.” There’s a pause. “I, uh, I guess I was a little worried, too. We still on for Saturday night?”
But then Sam will probably stay all the way until bedtime, and though he’ll go to his room when it’s time to sleep, Cas doesn’t want to be
Dead silence fills the room like it’s a coffin, wide green eyes still fixed on the bags in the entry.
“And why is that, boy? Young as you are, you seem a little old to set your heart on any pretty omega you spy from a distance.”
“Then we will. But Cas, you can’t — you can’t do what you’ve been doing. I don’t care how bad you need the money, if you don’t like it—”
“As hard as Dad is on him, he wants it to be Dean,” Sam protests. “I think we can figure something out.”
, is bracing himself to have one casually thrown at him, a silent command to clean himself up and pretend it didn’t happen, but once Cas is done wiping his hands, efficiently going over his soft cock and changing out his boxers while Dean stupidly looks on, he peels another one out of the package and turns to Dean.
contact, and when Dean crouches down on the floor to plug Cas’s laptop cord into the outlet strip when they move into the bedroom for the evening, he gives Cas’s foot a squeeze and an affectionate peck on the instep on his way back up.
Two days after Sam’s clandestine visit, Cas is allowed back to the barracks, and Bobby reluctantly permits them to move their evening reading sessions to inside the castle walls, though he warns Sam not to mention it to his dad. Aside from the slightly disappointing change in locale, things mostly go back to normal.
if an orgasm on his part isn’t also involved, but really — he’s not an idiot; he prepared himself to be teased in this, as well, and at the very least, it’ll be something wonderful to keep in mind for later.
“Yeah. Of course, Cas. I’ll tell them. What’s he do? That might help us figure out a place for him.”
“Oh, no, he was up at eight. But we, uh, we did a pretty hard round of pilates a little while ago, and then — uh. Vacuumed. A lot. And anyway, it all kinda wore him out.”
“Oh. Well, um, it’s a little rude to other people, who might not want to see you guys do that, and . . . people might say stuff about you?”
“That’s like saying ‘don’t step on the crack’ when you’re hovering over a giant chasm in the earth.”
For the most part. If he had to name her fatal flaw, ‘righteous anger’ would be it. Case in point: when her mother first came to the castle, eight-year-old Kate wandered into the courtyard just as Dean called Sam a ‘bitch,’ as he does, and she accused him of being a bully.
It goes like that the next few days; Cas can’t decide if it was a good idea or a bad idea to stay in here, after all. On the one hand, Dean’s scent is a great comfort, makes Cas feel safe and cozy ensconced in the blankets, and lulls him into much-needed naps and early bedtimes without Ellen’s tea even being a consideration.
it as he is. And Katya’s like an endless source of hilarious links, not to mention she’s already recommended two other shows that are totally awesome (how can you
For the most part, Dean doesn’t act differently — which makes sense, given that much of their time together in-person is with an audience. Cas likes that Dean talks to him the same way he always does, that he still engages in all the same casual, friendly touches he used to, with no noticeable shift in their meaning. (He supposes, if he must be honest, that he likes that Dean is still his
“Gee, I don’t know, maybe because they sent him to the dungeons for three weeks? And they could have done even worse, if they’d felt like it.”
That said, a relationship with Aaron that ended up being too brief for Dean to feel comfortable trying to switch is referenced, and it’s implied that that discomfort is the primary factor in his lack of experience (though his present concerns are focused on failing to perform for Cas). That discomfort is not with the idea of being someone who bottoms; his hangups are about personally feeling a certain level of trust and comfort with a partner is required for him to feel okay about trying that, which is perfectly understandable, though also not a broader commentary on how most people do/should feel about this or any other kind of sex. Comfort levels are always going to vary, and the important thing is to respect yours and those of any partners in all you do.
“It’s a shame I’m big instead of small,” Cas muses, apparently not caring about Dean’s temperature woes, “Or else I could make you carry me.”
Cas frowns at her. She’s speaking to him rather strangely, and he hopes this isn’t just a thing with Edenish kings.
“No.” She shrugs, suddenly moving the piece to the opposite corner, where it slots into a tile that has only a tiny sliver of its dominant color. “I didn’t really expect him to, but — I always liked to daydream about things that wouldn’t happen. It makes you feel better, anyway.”
“Anna told me stories when I was growing up. And some of the boys in my rank insisted there was a woman dressed in white who wandered the woods, weeping on full moons, although I don’t know how they would have known that, given that our curfew was sundown.”
Cas has heard that Winchester will go to war over anything, but he nods politely, watching Dean carefully.
“How did you even find me?” he demands. “You weren’t coming to take some of his stuff, right? ‘Cause it’s still his, you know. Even if I’m gonna borrow the nightgown.”
“Where?” he asks, peering over the laptop. “And what do you mean? I’m not dropping you off somewhere strange, but I will go with you somewhere.”
her? Listen, I don’t care how in love Cas thinks he is, she’s a lying bitch, and she should just be grateful if I make it quick.”
“I’m not trying to get you to assist me with my heat, if that’s what you’re worried about,” he grits out. “I just — I’m just — I’m tired and I haven’t felt well all day and I can’t sleep and Hester is a — a
They haven’t been driving for long when Dean brings the car to a stop at a red light, and something about their surroundings shakes Cas from his thoughts. They’re all familiar, of course — Cas grew up here, after all — but there’s something else about them, something . . .
“Well, you’re not being very specific,” he points out, as kindly as he’s able, “But no, I don’t think so.”
“Not at all,” Cas reassures him. Sam’s concern is touching, although unnecessary. “You don’t have to worry, Sam. Honestly, I wouldn’t mind if Dean did even more of that.”
Oh, but the whole point of the treaty, according to Anna, is to secure Eden’s interests in Lawrence. If Cas isn’t the one giving Dean heirs, he’ll be ruining things.
“Couldn’t keep us away,” Charlie chirps, giving him a quick, tight hug before stepping back and making space for Sam.
Anyway . . . whatever the prince’s reasoning, it doesn’t change the fact that Cas is utterly unprepared for this situation. In light of that, he can’t help it; he’s just
When he looks back at Cas, Cas is looking at the cupboard, too — a little wistfully, if Dean’s not imagining it — and yeah, okay. Dean thinks he knows what he wants to do here.
Dean scoots off the bed, gathering his jacket and carefully folding up the tartan blanket, a small smile tugging at his lips. Cas experiences a stab of resentment; even when the blanket is returned, it will be at the cost of Dean’s departure.
When all the madness ends, and people can go outside again, and Dean can visit home and his friends and spend nights out at the bars – Dean probably won’t even want to
in full view of half the bedroom windows of Mills Park, and Cas might think Dean’s asking him to do something about it.
“I have to use the bathroom,” Cas declares unevenly, and practically throws himself into the coffee table in his haste to get up.
He’s certainly not going to get a semi over coffee at six in the fucking morning, no matter how much a part of him
“I don’t want to break up with you,” he manages, and he can hear the way Cas inhales. “Do you — you said you didn’t want that. Did you, uh, did you mean it?”
“Astonishing! I never would have guessed!” He laughs again, shaking his head. “You know, Susan’s always thought so, but they don’t get along at all. It’s hard to picture.”
“Mary.” He hesitates. “Still, even without plague — a broken leg is a serious thing, especially with her other issues.”
“Dean. I heard Jim and Izzy screaming at each other over their child’s long division homework this afternoon, so we can assume he is not gravely ill, and also, no one was out on their balcony when I opened it.”
“Well, yes. Ideally, we’d have a plan in place for New Eden ready to implement come spring, and in the meantime . . .” His dad studies him, impassive. “There’s the matter of your heirs.”
Like now, for instance. Cas can’t help but wonder if this is like Ellen tackling Bobby, at least a little, because it’s one of the times Dean has clearly stopped thinking about training and is enjoying keeping Cas on the ground as long as possible. He hasn’t done it since he returned from Purgaea, and Cas is dismayed to realize you can get
Dean’s not sure how long he sits on Cas’s bed, Anna’s letter crumpled in his hand and mind crushingly blank, before he gathers his bearings enough to figure out what he needs to do next.
“Woah, buddy, are you okay?” Dean walks toward him, taking in the flush in his cheeks and the sheen of sweat that wasn’t there in sleep. “Should I get Ellen? D’you think you’re getting sick? Sometimes heats can make you more suscep—” Dean yelps, dodging just in time. “
Cas is not sure what kind of gift Dean thinks he would be prepared to receive, being wet and naked as he is. He steps out onto the mat.
The truth is, long before they fell into this mess, Dean was pretty okay being married to Cas. More than. He knew he lucked out there; as glad as he was for Cas’s sake, he was glad for his own sake, too. At twenty, he’d thought he understood the worst-case scenarios as far as doing his duty in the marriage department went, that he wasn’t going to get a say either way, and he’d just have to accept it.
be, since Dean’s keeping his eyes shut like a good friend and he’s decided that actually, this isn’t weird at all, that now that he’s here, now that they’re tangled up and Dean’s working his hand over himself, carefully trying to match Cas’s rhythm, even more careful not to jostle him and mess up his groove, this is a really spectacular way to masturbate and since they’re spending all their other time together, it’s probably just
“You are my most generous friend,” he tells her solemnly, and catches Tracy’s smile before she turns around to finish dialing.
“D-don’t come,” he gasps, that hand falling to his own cock, gracelessly stripping it, as Dean thrusts into nothing, the sudden loss of sensation borderline
Dean makes him leave every time he starts to feel ‘uncomfortable’ as he puts it — doubtless this means an erection is perilously close to happening — or if Cas’s scent strengthens in just such a way that Dean insists he should probably have some ‘alone time.’
Horrified by what he was about to do, Dean pulls away, gathering his clothes and insisting Cas leave. Cas is very upset when he leaves, misunderstanding that he has done something wrong and understandably terrified of the future that awaits him.
Dean? For you, maybe, but even if you’d stayed, I would have been right back where I was in high school-”
But then Dean laughs, and a warm, calloused palm settles on Cas’s right buttock, lightly squeezing in that bizarrely satisfying way, and when Dean speaks next, his voice is warm.
“And that’s all you came to talk to me about?” Cas insists breathlessly, advancing, and green eyes widen.
“No, I am not. In fact, I think we’ve already established this was both your faults. Dean, you should have asked Castiel what was bothering him, and tried to fix it, if it was reasonable to do so. Instead, you left him by himself. That’s not good date behavior or good partner behavior. That’s
” she adds, and with a smile, leans forward and kisses his cheek. “I’m glad it was you who showed up, tonight.”
“Dad’s being stupid, and everyone agrees. Anyway, last week Michael sent word that Hellenia’s in the doghouse and he’s sending backup to the border, whether we need it or not; he should relent soon. I think he would have already, but I, um, kind of made a fuss. And said some stuff. So I think he’s punishing me, too, now.”
Dean steps away before Cas can test any more theories on what he might want, and he doesn’t meet Cas’s eyes.
That, more than anything, is what convinces Dean that he was worried for nothing, because Cas kisses him like he always kisses him, and it’s good, it’s really good, for several minutes.
Cas is sure Becky, given her line of work, has seen a lot of bizarre and terrible things, is probably utterly immune to awkwardness and hopefully past the point of being judgmental, but it’s still — he still—
It feels like forever that Dean lingers over his thigh, cloth dipping beneath the water to gently scrub at the sensitive underside, and Cas holds his breath when he circles back around to get the top, well-aware of what comes next.
Cas hums, thumb circling Dean’s bellybutton in a way that feels both comforting and downright bizarre.
Dean takes that as his cue to go over and mount his own. As he nears, he hears Cas tell Anna he loves her.
Dean clears his throat, shifting around as loudly as he can manage, but nope; Cas just opens the cupboard and pulls out a mug, turning away to fill it with water, apparently deadset on acting like he didn’t just jeopardize their lives and Dean is little better than a piece of household décor he used to give regular verbal and physical reassurance to and also occasionally converted into a sex toy.
Cas looks at the pie, suddenly feeling awkward, because he remembers what he was thinking about, watching Dean’s hands work the dough, sleeves rolled up to bare his forearms, and he wonders if Dean somehow knew.
He expects her to turn around and leave, lest they fall into a rhythm of not-totally-antagonistic banter, but she stays put, tilting her in consideration.
“Oh. Awesome. Maybe — I could stop by around seven? Sun should be up, by then, so it won’t be too cold.”
“Probably. Alphas and omegas aren’t allowed to be doctors here. Omegas because — well — and alphas since they can’t treat omega patients. Although they are allowed to do most forms of medical research.”
He suppresses a sigh. At the very least, he can probably get away with sleeping in Dean’s room tonight.
Still, Cas isn’t even going to try and coax it back, having lost that ability on a chilly spring day back when he was eighteen.
“By myself? I don’t know. I want to, but — I don’t know. I’ve been writing him for months, trying to, so there’s a good chance I won’t be able to talk him out of this, either.” He looks up, and even though Dean knows he’s still pissed, there’s something faintly pleading there. “You could, though.”
And perhaps Cas should consider that James may not have gotten his name yet — or might have gotten the wrong one, even — but all he can be is angry, because Dean’s
“Yes,” he manages, because Dean is already here, after all (wearing an actually-buttoned button-down, no less, and Cas hopes his students are too young to appreciate the privilege they receive, lest it produce some awkward situations) and he’s brought food, and what’s the harm, really, in just going with it? What could Cas possibly gain by sending him away?
“No, you didn’t,” Sam says tiredly. “At least, not the way you should have — because part of you is still afraid you
The room is weirdly silent, and Dean drags himself from thoughts of Cas long enough to remember his audience.
“Gee, I don’t know. The universe where you just spent four months chasing after him again and he still can’t get his shit together?”
“Alright. Look at the pictures and tell me what you think is pretty. Don’t worry about fashion. Or potential cost. Winchester owes you this much, at least.”
The room is thankfully still, and once he rubs the sleep from his eyes, his vision is clear. He gets to his feet before answering, just to be sure, but finds himself steady.
“So, what’re you working on?” Dean asks, and it is a testament to just how much this project is fucking with him that he doesn’t even flinch when Dean puts a hand on the chair back and leans right into his space.
And before Cas can ask what Dean could possibly mean by that, one of his magnificent fingers slides forward, pushing into Cas with gratifying ease.
“Told ya they’d get worse,” she says, and Cas just shuffles pitifully after her while she leads him to one of the sick rooms. “Let’s get you into a cold bath.”
“Well. That’s probably for the best. I don’t think it’ll be dangerous, but at least I’ll be there, tonight.”
Privately, Cas thinks Dean deserved any and all anxiety he felt, given what Cas was going through, but perhaps that may be petty.
to take it. He wants to smother the angry little piece of himself that thinks Cas is a dirty liar, that even if Dean did miraculously develop a jaw you could cut yourself on and a tall, strapping physique, he’d still be 'found lacking' by anyone who bothered to evaluate him. He wants to take Cas for his word, to believe him, to believe that this total badass he’s grudgingly admired from afar actually believes his own words, too, is seeking Dean out and eating burgers with him because of it.
He wriggles out of his boxers and t-shirt, surprised but definitely not upset when Cas does the same, and just as Cas reaches for his leg, a horrible thought occurs to Dean.
He swears he sees Ellen roll her eyes, but this is a totally valid concern. Adolescents and especially anyone newly presented struggled to adjust to their heightening sense of smell, and strong scents often overwhelmed them.
“On that note — I think it’s worth asking why you had so much trouble with Cas being gone. We can joke about interrupted honeymoons, but you seemed especially anxious over his absence — enough that you just told me you wished he hadn’t gone, at all.”
. And no, that doesn’t mean a whole lot more than that they’ll be spending a little time together, but time is what Dean wanted. It’s what he
“Dean,” Cas snaps, the instant he picks up the phone two weeks later. Dean still hasn’t been by to finish putting the crib together, but Claire won’t be here for a few months yet, and Dean’s been busy, alright? Besides — nobody likes an alpha hovering, especially if it’s not
“Well, he said he left. And they were okay with it. And — and nobody brought him to the warehouse, or anything. He went there by himself. I think he got lost.”
Guilt washes over him. For a moment, he wants to step forward, wants to grab Cas’s hands and hold them still, wants to tell him to please calm down because Dean’s sorry and he’s going to fix it and then he’ll make sure Cas never feels like that again.
No. No, he doesn’t. And maybe he should, maybe he’d be better off if this was that kind of love, something selfish and destructive to someone besides himself, but it’s not, and that is something Cas must simply live with.
He’s there three weeks when Daphne invites him on a trip; the other side of the island experiences a rougher climate, and has recently faced losses from storms, so she’s accompanying builders from the capital to help make repairs and bring needed supplies.
“Pranked?” Cas asks. When Cas presented, all that happened is suddenly he had to spend a lot of time sitting still in his bedroom being lectured.
“And honestly, Sammy? That’s really what it boils down to. I was eighteen and hotheaded and shit once—”
? To have them say, ‘Oh, well, since I accidentally knocked you up, I guess I’ll make an honest omega out of you’?”
“Wanted to check on you,” he admits, though he doesn’t look away. “This, uh, this whole marriage thing is kind of abrupt. Thought we should make sure it was what you wanted. You — you don’t really have a great track record with this kinda thing.”
“I—” he starts, at a complete loss for how to explain it, if anything could even be gained by trying, and simply comes up blank.
“Alright, Dean; why is that a problem? Would you say you have any unresolved feelings surrounding sex and sexuality that might be coming into play here?”
What are the odds Cas would suddenly just — fall in love with him, after two fond, deeply-cherished-but-unequivocally-platonic years of nothing?
Dean’s struggling to reconcile him with a sacrificial victim from a backwards town in the North, waiting for Dean to terrorize him.
, and if I could at least offer . . . and after that, if he really doesn’t want kids, I can suck it up and let them pick a noblewoman, but if he
It feels like an eternity before at last the door opens, and he straightens, trying not to look too petrified as a petite redhead pokes her head in.
In fact, when the maid — Kate, she tells him with a smile — brings his breakfast, Cas just moves the tray from the table back to the bed, and there he stays for nearly the entire day. He finishes his book, disappointed indeed, and randomly selects one of the few dusty novels from the bookcase by the escritoire.
“I’d like to buy it,” Cas tells him. Hopefully Dean won’t mind trying to find a place for it in his room. Cas is ready to be rid of the watercolor over the fireplace, though the last time he mentioned it, Dean seemed oddly reluctant.
It’s only when he’s come back, awkwardly holding out the towel, that Cas realizes something terrible, something he
many people, and at least half of them either don’t know what ‘six feet’ means or simply don’t care (
“No. Benny. Every time I try to fight Dean, he refuses. But if I can beat Benny, then I think Dean will have to fight me, and if I win . . .”
“I have read dozens — perhaps even over a hundred — romantic novels,” Cas counters. “And you are vastly superior to the hero in every one.”
“It could,” Cas tries, and he thinks that true, but as much as he doesn’t want to admit it, he understands what Dean is saying.
He tries to reason it away that they’re just really close, and he’s an alpha and Cas is small and cute which triggers all kinds of caretaking domestic instinct — it’s biology! - but Cas is not small, maybe hasn’t been for a while, and the moment Dean craftily tries to apply some kind of ‘little brother’ label to him, his brain spits the thought back out like it’s rotten.
, and he looks at Dean like he’s the sun the light is coming from — except not, because you can’t look at the sun, or else you’ll blind yourself, but anyway — and even though Dean
To his surprise, he unwraps it and opens the box to find three pairs of soft, pretty drawers nestled in tissue paper. Wide-eyed and miseries briefly forgotten, he takes them out and lays them on the bed one by one, inspecting all the fine little details; the white, ribboned lace on a silky pale blue pair, the delicate pink rosebuds on a shorter, ruffled pink pair in the softest of cotton, and the intricate white flowers embroidered on a buttery yellow pair trimmed in scalloped eyelet lace.
Like, Dean remembers how Cas was when he first got here; how anxious he seemed to be about Dean potentially going off and getting himself killed. He’s pretty sure Cas eventually got comfortable with his place here, came to understand that he always
“That you’re going to marry,” Cas interjects quickly, something akin to panic filling him, delight slithering gleefully around it. “It’s nice to see you again, Becky.”
“Because you got wasted and wrote it off when I told you I was afraid you’d be like your father and — and that I’d lose you. You told me I’d be
Dean heads to bed while he’s in there, too cowardly to hear any details, and feigns sleep when Cas finishes up and comes in.
choose me.” Dean clears his throat, glancing down to where their hands are joined. “I don’t — to be honest, man, I don’t really get it. But I — I’m gonna try my best, alright? So you — so you don’t regret it. I promise.”
The prince remains downstairs, discussing arrangements for the morning, and Cas returns to the room with no small amount of trepidation. There’s a bath waiting for him, and Cas scrubs himself thoroughly, one eye on the door. He wishes he could linger, could sit and savor a bath he neither had to draw himself or take cold — especially after spending the day on a horse — but Dean could come up at any moment.
Dean flushes, even though he’ll maintain that it’s got nothing to do with him, but Cas just tilts his head.
Dean’s happy to see him, squeezes his shoulder and tries a smile, although a part of him is afraid Cas will just snap at him again.
and left it at that. To make up multiple injuries and an illness culminating in a somewhat violent mercy-killing for a beloved animal is just . . . it’s so . . .
“It’s not. I like your back. I mean, it pisses me off, but it also makes me think of how you kicked some dickbag’s ass, so.” He shrugs. “There’s that.”
Cas stares at him, face unreadable, for what feels like an eternity after Dean’s finished speaking, and then he nods.
It wouldn’t have worked anyway, he reminds himself. Claire is home, and even if she saw and heard nothing, it could potentially scar her.
Cas is used to this bed, but he’s always thought wistfully of the one he left behind at the castle, his current one undeniably inferior.
I don’t wanna argue. I’m — God, I’ve been looking forward to being home since I left, and I — uh. I missed you, and stuff, and I don’t — can’t we just eat dinner and hang out and not . . . do this?”
“I’m not sure. You may not need to, of course. Samandriel tells me the people want a marriage alliance with some Eastern kingdom or other,” he points out, not bothering to try and hide his bitterness.
“So — I’m sorry I made you feel like I didn’t like your scent.” That wonderful note threading through Dean’s scent has faded, replaced by something that puts a sad, heavy feeling in Cas’s chest. “I — I’m sorry I kept telling you I didn’t want
And suddenly Dean knows what the something was — what felt so right about Cas being sequestered away in
“Before Spring Break,” Cas informs him, the ghost of a smirk on his lips. “You wanted her to be ‘company ready.’”
The bride and groom were centrally seated with the Queen at one end and the King, whose long beard symbolized, to his detractors, his madness, at the other end of the long table. The Queen Mother was there with the Duke of Some-Northern-County, and at least a dozen ladies at the table wore tiaras, though none as fine as Jessica’s on that day. The Prince Regent, Jessica’s brother, sat to the King’s right, and Sam explained to Dean that for a family event they sat as a family rather than in order of rank. Dean had a place reserved next to Sam, and serendipitously, Castiel was placed to Dean’s left. Some duchess across the table from them commented on the excellent view she had for the luncheon, by which Dean figured she meant Castiel’s handsome face, and beside her one of Jessica’s younger sisters tittered and winked at Castiel or Dean—neither man was sure which, and both ignored it fully, as could be reasonably expected of gentlemen who were scarcely acquainted with the young princess.
He didn't want to get dressed right away, so he stepped through his French doors onto his patio with the towel riding low on his hips and checked his hummingbird feeder, which Charlie had set out for him, since he had been on the road when March rolled in. It would need more syrup today. The breeze helped dry him off, and Dean encouraged it by raising his arms up over his head and stretching luxuriously with a wide yawn. He felt like he could sleep for another day, but he needed to get dressed and get Novak's questions out of the way.
“Just start looking behind those rocks. I’ll go to the next cave and do the same. Just holler if you find something.”
Once they were at the center of the gallery, and Dean was certain they could not be overheard, he cleared his throat and began.
About half an hour into the drive the tense silence fell away to Dean's humming. For him a night drive was like coming home; he had toured in this car early on in a caravan along with a Civic that somehow fit a whole drum kit and Benny and his girlfriend. Driving from town to town before sun-up had been their way of life.
Throughout the summer months, a wagonload of people from Glassblowers Street or from the debtor’s prison or from a building under siege from tax collectors arrived almost weekly. When these new tenants came, Dean spearheaded the welcome committee, making sure every new person had a suitable place to live and do business if they had business to do.
Dean closed his mouth deliberately, the vision colorful in his imagination. “Thank you, Claire,” he murmured, hardly noticing she was on her way out of the room with the empty kettles
And now, gentle reader, I have escorted you to the beginning of our story. You may read on from here, but be warned that this is not one of those ancient fairy tales where love comes without struggle and princes are always charming.
Dean, stunned at being requested so out of the blue, stood amazed a moment before he could find his tongue, and the man pressed forward, filling the silence.
Dean made an affirmative noise. “Two of the street boys died in the fire,” he added, sick that he didn’t even know their names. He had been one of those boys once. “Maybe more. Hard to tell.”
"I'm a detective. That's what I do. Besides, Samuel's right to privacy went right out the window when those prints on the gun did turn out to be his. Same caliber as the slug that took out Mr. Singer as well."
“We could buy our own mountain,” Cas suggested as they crept up the steep mountain roads, getting nearer to the heart of Colorado and the woods Dean had called home his whole life. He lay on the seat with his head in Dean’s lap, staring at the puffy white clouds in the bright blue sky and appreciating the feel of Dean’s fingertips carding through his hair.
“What the—“ Dean didn’t get the chance to finish because as Castiel came in behind him, Sam tensed and squirmed in panic, trying to hide.
In the end, it was settled that Bobby would join them in the town with Benny and his tools as soon as the smith was well enough to travel. As Benny’s mews had already been bought out from under him because of his failure to pay the tax, he had readily agreed to move to Winchester and blacksmith for the town and castle for a better life than the shitty one he had in the city, prices being what they were. Lord Milton commented that the castle’s forge was in working order because Dean had hammered a few odd pieces in a pinch. Bobby said he was glad to hear Dean hadn’t got too good to lift a hammer, and he mused that there might be room for him and his wagon at Winchester town, as well. Between keeping the castle’s horses shod and doing what barbering and tooth-pulling needs done for the villagers, he would be better off there than wandering incessantly, avoiding the revenue men in the capital. Besides, he thought to himself, Dean and Sam might need him, yet.
Soon enough, a dustman arrived with a barrow of coal. Most of it looked to have been scavenged from other people’s hearths, but it was fine coal, all the same. Missouri watched as the man filled her coal bin and then departed with Gabriel’s money in his hand.
“Well, we must have a party!” Gabriel enthused. Sam and Balthazar agreed, so the three of them began to plan a party. Meanwhile, Castiel’s face was alight with the echo of the happiness blooming all around him, and Dean was more than pleased to watch Castiel and quietly contemplate becoming an uncle.
“I actually saw some whales quite recently, and I assure you that you are not a whale,” Castiel rejoined before placing his hands on either side of said belly and then kissing his husband’s face.
When Lord Balthazar showed up that evening, the jovial mood was still intact. He confided in Lord Milton that the Prince Regent had received Castiel’s letter with glee. It would seem that His Royal Highness could not wait to see his fellow colonel of dragoons in harm’s way on his royal behalf, once again. The brothers exchanged a wry look and then got down to business planning the following day’s affairs.
Ever the show-woman, Charlie reached behind her mate for the sheet, tugged it down, and released the pre-cranked mechanism all in a single sweeping motion.
“Well, I should go then. To the tavern?” He reached for the door but stopped, “You do mean in Winchester, don’t you?”
Lady Charlie was the first to arrive back at the castle, having the lightest load in her cart. The phaeton she drove with a pair of matching white horses was, in fact, delightfully fast, sparkling new, and very fine. With a minimal, lightly sprung body atop four extravagantly large wheels, the tiny carriage sported two patented swans’ neck springs. Lady Charlie could not wait for Dean to see her in it, not only because he was a man who appreciated a well made machine, but also because she had his cargo of glass bulbs resting in a box of wood shavings by her feet. Plus, she carried, even more gently, the most wonderful news in her heart that she was eager to share with her best friend. She clicked her tongue at the horses, pleased with her purchase. Her wife would have the best carriage in the town because Lady Charlie would have the best wife in the world.
“I had Jo two summers after that, so you don’t need to feel sorry for me. My hands were full with the wee duke for over a year. But his father, the old duke, was killed, and his mother married again to man who turned out to be a traitor, or so the king decided, and when the crown took his lands and his head, the duchess was left to her sister’s house as a beggar.”
“It carries a spark of my angelic grace, which is bonded so strongly to Dean’s soul that Dean is like an amplifier. His soul feeds my grace and vice-versa. It is a truly profound bond.”
"My nose is all red," she whined. "My nose is red and runny, and my face is splotchy now, and I would never have worn this shirt! WHY DID YOU LET ME WEAR THIS SHIRT??"
Turning back for a last heart-wrenching look, Castiel swallowed the words he could not say and smiled briefly at Dean once more before he departed.
“Dean,” she said after pushing the plate closer to him and falling into a chair by the window, “this is my boy James.”
Thus the day passed until Gabriel, in a compensatory mood, had the idea to carry a table into Castiel’s bedroom and host a small dinner party that evening, which Castiel agreed to, since the scheme had been fabricated in good faith. Soon Adam and another footman, Kevin, carried a round card table up the stairs and set about arranging it beside the darkened window. Chairs appeared, linens manifested, Lord Balthazar and Lady Charlie arrived with broad smiles and boisterous enthusiasm. The young ladies chose to dine alone in the princess’ chambers rather than attend so informal a function in a man’s bedroom, and the assize man that Castiel had brought to the house, Rafael, was not included in the party; if Dean thought this strange, no one else commented on it, so the five of them made a happy gathering.
He died. He wonders if Sammy moved on like he was supposed to. If Bobby is still kicking. If Lisa...
Castiel was almost out the door on Dean's heels when he went back for his weapon. He barely had time to jump in Dean's car before it peeled out.
"So you must think I'm pretty dense if I'd be stupid enough not to learn a lesson from being the one to find him and call it in."
He let his mind wander to the coming weeks; while Sam and Jess were away for their honeymoon, Dean would relocate to Sam’s new holdings at Winchester castle to begin his role as Sam’s “advisor,” whatever that would mean—Sam was never much inclined to ask for Dean’s advice on any subject these days.
“Very well,” he affirmed, as he reached into his pocket. He drew out a small purse and placed it on Dean’s saucer. “I trust Colonel Milton apprised you of our business venture.”
By the time the horses were settled, more or less, and Dean had passed on Ellen’s admonishment to wash, every trace of gray had left the sky and been replaced with a bright, clear blue. It would be a fine day.
“Dean, Dean,” Castiel muttered, as he let his hands roam, assuring himself that his omega was whole.
Dean arrived at the hotel just as the Coroner’s van was pulling out. He snaked through the parking garage looking for a space. One problem with Baby’s wide turning radius and wide body meant those “compact” parking spots would not do. Dean cursed under his breath as he curved through the hotel’s parking garage’s third level.
At crisis points amidst the political discussion about tax policies and the Regent’s careless greed, Dean steered the conversation to lighter matters in order to keep the princesses from angrily censoring political talk by goading Charlie to describe her meeting with Missouri and Patience. He was concerned for his friend Benny-- and to some degree that got Castiel’s attention away from the Prince Regent’s villainy. Castiel scrutinized his fiancé’s face and wondered if there was some history between Dean and the alpha blacksmith whom Gabriel and Balthazar described as “big, burly, and blue-eyed.”
Oblivious, he grabbed the file folder from his desk where he deposited his jacket, and strode to holding room one. There sat Gabriel Milton with a Styrofoam cup of weak looking coffee and a grin on his face.
Dean slid away from his alpha’s body slowly. And apparently, the color in his cheeks had not been improved by scenting his alpha because Sam’s face visibly darkened when he came eye to eye with his brother.
“Let me guess,” he whispered, pretending to kiss her hair. Well, maybe he was nuzzling a little. “Morningstar will back off if I let you escort me home to watch my virtue.”
. Not the regent’s pawn. And certainly not at liberty to avail yourself of the wares at dockside taverns like some privateer. You are
“I just knew he’d be a fool for those green eyes of yours the first time I saw you,” she mused. “Has he kissed you? Of course he has—a soldier is not timid. He looks like he would be an amazing kisser. Have you had a bit of a tumble, yet? It must be a challenge not to touch each other every moment.”
He must have been spotted from the house because a footman waited to take his reins as Dean dismounted. He was saved from pulling the bell cord at the entryway by a cadaverous butler in somber blacks that made Ketch’s charcoal gray livery seem utterly festive. Dean, sweaty and still slightly out of breath, was shown to a parlor where Castiel was engaged in playing a piano while Gabriel and a stocky, soberly dressed man listened. When Castiel looked up and saw Dean, the notes he played staggered and rang false before stopping altogether. In an instant Castiel was on his feet and in Dean’s space.
“So it ended up at City-Wide,” Castiel surmised. “Why didn’t Bobby buy it immediately when he found it at the City-Wide Garage Sale?”
Gabriel and Balthazar had turned their attention to the shopkeeper by this time, and both men put their hands up to stop her.
The angel disappears. Just, poof. Disappears. Dean blinks and considers making a run for it, but he'd be picked up in a heartbeat, and Sammy--
After a few moments of blinking stupidly, Dean responded, “Whist? I will. Yes. Whist.” He pushed himself free of Castiel’s searing embrace and ran a hand through his mussed and sweaty hair.
“You enslave them. No matter what else you do or do not do, you make them slaves. How can you offer them heaven with one hand and whip them with another? How can a Christian own another Christian? If you teach them, nay, teach your own children, that we are all children under God, how do you explain that?” Castiel held his wine glass to his lips but put it down again without drinking. The wine had already made him talk more than he should.
Castiel sipped his drink equanimously. "His eyes are the shade of the trees in March when they first bud."
“No, it’s nothing. I don’t even understand how all these parts work,” he demurred. “Will you show me?”
“I beg your pardon,” Castiel intervened again, “but I did not receive this injury from said scoundrel, and I am quite well and capable this morning, certainly capable of protecting you ladies or of helping in the hunt, whichever his grace should deem most fitting.”
The bathing closet was at the exterior wall of the room, far from the door and adjacent to the window that overlooked the back garden, so Dean could hear the soothing rain as it persisted. He let the sound and the faint wet scent of the weather carry him to a near-slumber as the tepid water cooled him. He was thus subdued and disoriented when a commotion from the corridor came to his attention. He had heard the door open and with unfocused eyes watched Kevin in the reflection of the window glass as he drew near with another kettle of hot water to keep Dean from getting too chilled. A scuffling then scratched against the chamber door—a knocking that sounded all too harsh and alarming in the sleepy mood of his bath, and Dean heard a most vicious growl. Gabriel’s voice cut in sharply, “Stop it, alpha!” and then Lady Charlie’s voice was distinct above the continued growl, “I don’t think being gentle is going to do the trick, here, Gabe.”
A dark, black long-sleeve that Dean got a better look at once Cas turned around and walked over towards the table, mug in tow, to sit across from him. A Henley, with all three buttons undone at the top. Showed off the skin that had gone tan, from all the hours he spent up on the roof. Showed off muscle he’d built, solid and natural. His body’s way of learning, of adjusting to life without grace.
And Dean’s music, in its purest, rawest form, was made for cassettes and vinyl, and unless Cas intended to sit next to the record player in Dean’s room or lounge on the front seat of the Impala for hours on end, he needed a Walkman.
The Walkman popped open again, and only then did Dean chance looking over. Did Dean turn his head and find Cas’ eyes, only a short, few inches away from his own. Deep blue locked low, focused, still intent on Dean’s hand, the Walkman held steady in his palm.
So blurry, made his head spin so fast that when he stripped down to his briefs and went to throw his jeans over his desk chair, he nearly missed it.
He didn’t need to, though, because what he did understand? What he had spent a decade coming to realize? Was that he didn’t want the feeling, he didn’t want that unnamed, Cas-shaped
He considered the space next to Cas for a second, but ended up stopping at his desk, directly across from where Cas was sitting. Leaned with his weight back against it. Left barely more than an arm’s length of space between them, but it was better than sitting down on the bed next to him. Gave Dean more room to breathe, to be.
Dean had Cas’ knee pushing into his stomach, the band of the headphones pressing an uncomfortable line into his cheek, but he didn’t mind. Not when it was so easy to fix.
Because it was then, and only then, only once the credits started rolling that Cas shifted, just slightly. Like he was getting ready to leave.
Dean used that same knuckle to tap on the side of the Walkman, to push it harder into Cas’ hand. “What are you waiting for, man? Take her for a spin.”
Cas let him know he got the message when he took the mug from him a minute later, took a short sip, and put it back in Dean’s hand, guided it to rest again on his knee.
Dean thanked all his lucky stars that Cas couldn’t hear the way his breath caught. That he had a safe second to regain control, to focus his attention back on the stove and the task at hand while Cas slid the headphones from his ears to his neck.
It wasn’t in Cas’ DNA to break, he’d proven that over and over and over again, but that wasn’t the point.
Dean knew better than anybody what a balm music could be. He could only be glad that Cas had figured it out, too.
Dean wanted to be more difficult about it, wanted to keep pushing his buttons, but he didn’t get the chance to.
and more on getting dinner ready and set. Peeled and cut potatoes for homemade French fries, the way that Sam liked. Seasoned and shaped ground beef for burgers, the way that Cas liked.
“She’s thanking her ex-boyfriends. Saying that she’s grateful to have had the chance to love them even though those relationships didn’t necessarily work out.” A pause. A steady breath in, and out. “Because in losing them and in spending time alone, she learned to love herself.”
The same sort of logic applied to the clothes thing. The thing where, more often than not, Cas chose to steal a shirt from Dean’s dresser or a flannel from his closet instead of wearing anything of his own.
He disappeared in the direction of Dean’s bedroom and left Dean wide-eyed, slack-jawed at the stove.
He liked that Cas had a note open on his phone that kept track of which of the cassettes in Dean’s old cardboard box they’d already listened to. That Cas marked the albums he liked with an asterisk, that he marked the ones he really liked with two.
Anywhere ended up being an abandoned stretch of farmland a couple miles south of the bunker. Baby parked out in the middle of nowhere, blanketed in hundreds of thousands of millions of stars.
It wasn’t long after that night, after Butch and Sundance and that bright pink Post-it, that Cas’ hand lingered a little longer on the radio dial.
The music was distant. A faint thing that held on at the edge of Dean’s consciousness. He’d popped that brand-new
Dean huffed a short laugh, more nervous than amused. Muttered, “Right,” and took that as his chance to walk further into the room.
It didn’t matter how badly he wanted to lean his cheek against the top of Cas’ head. How badly he wanted to slide his hand from Cas’ thigh and wrap it around his shoulders. How badly he wanted to pull Cas into his side and never let go.
He’d be lying if he said he wasn’t putting it off. If he wasn’t purposefully coming up with a million and one other things he had to do first before he could go down to Cas’ room.
It was another one of Dean’s. So old that the black had almost gone grey with time, with the album cover for Pink Floyd’s
He met Cas’ eyes when he turned his head this time. Looked and found that Cas had a tight crease between his brow that Dean wanted to ease with the pad of his thumb. Or the tip of his nose. Or the press of his lips.
“I don’t know,” he lied. Breathed. Amended, atoned. “For staying, I guess. For stickin’ around and calling this place home.”
He shouldn’t have been surprised a week later. When they were in the record store two towns over from Lebanon and Cas pushed a cassette copy of
A steady cadence had Dean’s pulse going fast, had his heart climbing high over a solid, few minutes of
That was a two-asterisk album for Cas. One of his favorites. Dean had to fight against the smile he could feel trying to claw its way up.
He angled his hand so that Cas could see what button he was pushing, felt Cas’ shoulder knock into his when he leaned in closer. So that he could get a better look. Had his eyes on Dean’s hand when the Walkman popped open with a good
He had one hand on a spatula, ready to flip the French toast over when the time came, and the other wrapped around his coffee mug. Navy blue, speckled white. From a Target in Kansas City, that Cas insisted he buy because he thought it would go well with his robe.
He wasn’t thinking about much of anything when he sat in the library with a beer in one hand and his laptop out in front of him. Robe warm around his shoulders, flannel pajama pants soft against his thighs. The air light and sleepy, quiet like it always was late at night in the bunker.
The headphones did little to tame his sleep-wrecked hair. Even from the back, it was a disaster. Dean’s hands tightened around the newspaper, felt it, heard it crinkle and crease with the movement. The ache, the instinct to reach out and touch and run his hands through Cas’ dark hair and make it neater.
He still wasn’t looking when Cas settled in his chair and took the headphones off his ears, the same way he did every morning. Was busy trying to make sense of fuzzy, unfocused black letters on grey paper when Cas set them down on the table, reached into his pocket for the Walkman, and subsequently gave Dean a good, few seconds to hear what he’d been listening to.
He heard Cas before he saw him. Slow footsteps. Noise dampened by the drag of pajama pants beneath his heels. Feet bare against the floor.
Waited one, two, three big bites that puffed Cas’ cheeks like a chipmunk before he put the newspaper down flat on the table, flicked his eyes over towards the Walkman.
Cas’ eyelashes, soft, fluttering against his cheek. Cas’ nose, blunt, brushing against his throat. Cas’ lips, rough, ghosting over his collarbone. Cas’ hand, strong, tightening in his sleeve.
“Inside. You have a record player in your room, don’t you?” Simple. Muffled, now that they weren’t facing each other. Didn’t wait for an answer before he kept going. “Bring forks and knives with you on your way in.”
He still sat on the couch with Dean and tucked his toes under his thigh. He still stole Dean’s whiskey glass or his beer out of his hand and let Dean drink from his coffee mug. He still stood too close and looked too long and all the hundreds of other little things Dean had spent a decade learning to live with.
-the way he wanted. He didn’t turn his face and bury his nose in Cas’ hair. He didn’t press his lips to the warm skin below Cas’ ear.
“Guess you finally found the Doors, then,” he started. Put his elbow down on top of the paper, pillowed his cheek against his fist. “What do you think?”
It was a luxury, to be able to sit in his own kitchen and make his own breakfast while he was still in his pajamas. To be able to read a newspaper for something other than a case, to regret having that fifth pancake, to stay still so long that his coffee went cold.
He couldn’t name the emotion he heard in Cas’ voice the next time he spoke. Wasn’t sure he’d ever heard Cas sound like that in all the time they’d known each other.
“I can’t afford Paris,” Cas stated, with the ghost of a smile pulling at the corner of his lips, “and my Walkman isn’t very useful on the other side of the world if your cassette box is here.”
If Dean took that as an invitation, if he gave into some of the leftover exhaustion and angled his body so that he could rest his cheek on Cas’ shoulder, so that he could bury his face in the curve of Cas’ neck, nobody needed to know.
Dean didn’t lift his head up to find whatever question was waiting in his eyes. Chose instead to start working at the Amazon box, to watch a blurry half-image of Cas in his peripheral vision.
Dean had all of that waiting on the tip of his tongue, fighting break free when he looked up and met Cas’ eyes. Wide and blue and ocean-deep. Calm waves that Dean couldn’t watch turn to white caps.
Spoke, before Cas could make this any harder. Before Cas could ask him if he was alright like it looked like he might.
A calloused thumb out long, to push at his chin. Angled his head so that he had no choice but to look Cas in the eyes. But to let calm waves wash away the threat of tears.
His pajamas for the night were a pair of plaid blue pants and a pale, pink t-shirt. One of Dean’s, that had been white once upon a time, but had accidentally gotten tossed into the wash with a brand-new red flannel and got wrecked in the crossfire.
Dean could feel his pulse all the way down in his fingertips. Had fire licking at his cheeks, stars dancing behind his eyelids.
Everywhere they went, the citizens of the town thanked Sam and offered him cakes and sweetmeats and their eternal vows of fealty.
“But most of the investments my father left me were in risky ventures, and there have been times when I have lost as much as I made in a year. A ship lost at sea can return no gain.”
Cas looked at him, and if he was honest, he was less scared of this than he should be. "I do," he breathed. "I do want to try this with you."
Giuseppe saddled her in a soft leather saddle and paused. Only Dean and Castiel had risen early to see him off.
The officer nodded and closed the door, but the detective stood up anyway. “What are your plans, Dean?”
Pancho Villa smoking menacingly. With a shoddy salute to the general, Dean turned away from the mirror and rejoined the lady in the hallway. Taking both his shoulders in hand, she turned him toward a door marked EMPLOYEES, and he suddenly found himself on a soft but musty couch.
The chickens were delighted to get their corn, no matter if from a stranger’s hand, so Castiel fed them and took the egg basket when it was thrust into his hands. Not knowing the hens’ habits, it took him longer to find the eggs than he imagined Rufus usually took collecting them. Even so, he performed his task diligently, hoping that if he found one more egg, or just one more, perhaps the man would allow one for Castiel to eat for his breakfast.
To prove the omega wrong, Castiel’s impossibly strong arms wound round Dean and pulled their bodies flush as the alpha’s mouth found what it desired and began to devour his omega in passionate open-mouthed kisses.
Grimacing after his second shot, “Let a few of them in,” he said to security on his way through the door. They more-or-less knew his type and would let in at least one or two good ones. Dean needed to let off some steam after playing his heart out. Being back home in Austin was a double-edged sword.
The second crime scene was messy. The shot, at point blank range, had gone in through the bridge of the victim's nose and splintered the back of the skull to smithereens all over the hotel room. When Castiel looked over the victim, he sent a silent thank you to the powers that be that Dean wouldn't have to ID this body, too. It wasn't exactly easy to be sure about the kid's face, but Castiel vaguely remembered the gray eyes that had scowled at him at the venue. Once so lively, they were vacant now and wouldn't close properly.
“Indeed,” Zachariah shifted, leaning back. “Distasteful business, that. Besides, I’m sure we can all agree that putting this land to the use of the Empire, to the benefit of the Kingdom, is what really matters. It’s what God intended when he gifted the Empire to us. From our fields, we feed legions. It is the greatest work, the greatest good I can imagine,” he gestured with his wine glass in effusive acknowledgement of his own largess.
Lit by hanging lanterns in every corner, with wax candles in the glass chandeliers, Government House was the very definition of grandeur. The governor, himself, was a distant cousin of Castiel’s and so greeted him with phony condescension and smiles, not-so-secretly delighted in the inequity of their stations. He made a point of commenting on the shabbiness of Castiel’s cuffs and the scuffs on his boots, but even so, he sat Castiel to his right for the supper and engaged him in conversation about the unreasonability of slaves.
Bemused, but delighted by the woman, Charlie and her two hangers-on followed her into the glassblower’s shop Dean had directed them to.
Each evening in those days, Castiel walked Dean to his bedroom at night after lingering over their dinner and their brandy. And he stood in the glow of the gas lamps with his hands clasped behind his back but his face near enough to Dean’s to murmur his wishes for golden dreams. On one particular night, however, when they were both tired from a late meal after a gentle ride to the lake and back, Castiel could not restrain himself from asking, “Dean, may I kiss you?” And although he did not move his hands forward to clasp Dean in his warm embrace, the omega stepped back and raised his hands as if to stop from falling, so shaken was he. His face betrayed both his desire and his dismay. He looked to Castiel’s lips, ever temptingly pink, and then peered into the alpha’s eyes.
“Yeah. Say, can you tell me your name again, mister? Slower this time?” Dean turned his head all the way to the right so he had his good ear pointing right at the man.
"He came each day to help hang the baubles on the wrought iron frame with his gentle little fingers, and I told him that if he were to marry at the winter solstice, his life would be blessed with warmth.
From that moment on, there were so many tears and wails that the story was unclear, but Dean left those two to weep and greet one another while he got the rest of the men into the tavern and seated as near to the fire as possible and supplied with mugs of ale to warm them from the inside out.
Dean finally sat again and said one last thing, “They baked cakes and pies and threw Sam a party when he won the scholarship to attend the university, and he smiled and cried and danced with them that night. When Patience said to him, ‘You’d better not forget us when you’re a big success, Sam Winchester,’ he grinned at her and said, ‘I could never forget any of you.’ Now he barely speaks to her when she is in the house. Charlie has started taking meals with her in their room because of Sam’s constipated facial expression when he sees them.”
“No, Princess. Lord Balthazar and Lord Milton are giving them that opportunity. It is not Sam who’s investing in Winchester; it’s only his land by the regent’s whim. Castiel brought his brothers here because they wanted to invest in experiments. And well meaning as they are, if the experiments fail, it will be no personal loss to them. Gabriel has his modern architecture, and Balthazar has his waterworks, and they jumped on the opportunity to build their ideas here, just as they are eager to build the town up with tenants who can test their building schemes.” He stood and paced to the window. “The people,” he continued, “are terrified. They have been bullied by their betters for their whole lives in the city, but at least they know the city. Now they are being asked to give up what they know and move to this rural backwater that many of them have never heard of. To give up their homes and businesses on some stranger’s promise that they will be able to make livings here.”
He looked over to see that Castiel was scowling and pushing his unwanted food around, and the ladies across from them were still deep into their own conversation about the incorrigibility of the unwashed masses. The din from all around the table was lively, which made his own and Colonel Milton’s silence seem morose. So Dean was compelled to pick the conversation up again, if for no other reason than to settle his own nerves.
Dean's smile lit up the room, and he started humming as he kissed Cas full on the mouth and pulled him to his feet.
“Good enough,” Dean said. “Can you send someone up after me to grab it? I don’t want to undress in your lobby.”
At that, the alpha leaned forward and kissed the omega soundly on his mouth. Dean smiled, relaxing for the first time since they planted themselves by the lake, and Castiel took a deep breath.
Castiel looked around, as though he had forgotten the horses, and he noticed a man in a wide hat standing by the back door of the house gesturing wildly at Ellen.
“That sounds real keen, Cas,” Dean replied with a kiss on the corner of his lips and a last look at the old Winchester land off to the north.
Dean produced a spatula and poked at the burgers. "Fine. Not family then, but connected. They had me in common, and what else, Dick?"
Dean Winchester stood upon the threadbare carpet, eyes closed, hands at his sides, face lifted and euphoric, throat open to praise one he’d never met. Alone once more, Castiel regarded beauty so pure, he felt broken. He longed to stretch forth and take Dean into his embrace. But Castiel was a being with no home, no honor, no worth but what he could scrape together on this unwieldy plane. Dean allowed the final note to ring true, following the echo with his eyes up into the high, dusty spaces above his head. He traced across the rafter near the back, pausing halfway as if lit upon the angel’s perch, half-expecting to see Castiel still poised there, before he carried across and fell back to the aisle in front of him.
For his part, Dean was barely able to waddle across the road from the general store where he spent most of his time with the few shelves of staples and the WCM Catalog available for townsfolk to peruse. Lately he had not even bothered to pass through the curtain from his sitting room to the store front, relying on the glass bell on the shop door to alert him of customers. Instead, he stayed wrapped in a blanket with his feet propped up tinkering with a new toy design he could sell. But by the end of the day his ennui got the better of him and he could not be dissuaded from joining the dinners at the tavern.
Dean's face got serious when they passed a sign for Lost Pines State Park. "We're here," he said as he turned northward into a forest.
Meanwhile Dean was sorry to be less helpful with the items for Lady Charlie’s quest, aside from promising to help her paint a light globe that could imitate the moon while she calibrated a softer filament from tin to use for mimicking moonlight instead of the brighter-glowing platinum. She had taken his idea of a ceramic pipe filled with seeds and dampened the sound of it by using a very long unfired clay pipe filled with beans instead, and it truly did sound like rain; but she still needed to work out the final item for the Quest in order to set a date for her wedding to Patience.
Dean looked in wonder at the handsome face in front of him and wrapped his arms more tightly around Castiel’s waist. “I wasn’t imagining it, then?”
For some reason, both Gabriel and Balthazar could not hold in their laughter at this statement. At first confused and bemused, soon Dean was laughing with them, and then Sam took back his pipe and joined in.
Castiel wasted no time extricating himself from the game of whist where he had been losing amiably out of utter boredom. “Dean,” he breathed to assure himself all was well as he entered the parlor, but the scents that assaulted his nose only served to assure him that things were very much not well at all. “Dean, what happened?” he asked bluntly, voice dangerously low.
“Hear me out, Charles,” Dean scolded her cheekily. “What if-- I have seen a man make a glass jug glow blue for a second or two with nothing in it but the fumes from a still.”
Dean pressed in closer to Castiel, his rightful alpha, and rubbed their cheeks together in an attempt to overwrite the despicable man’s scent. For his part, Castiel’s fingertips sought to reassure themselves that Dean was whole, and the alpha touched Dean cautiously but firmly as he tried to calm his wrathful urges. Castiel knew that if he stepped away from Dean at that very moment, he would seek out Brady and kill him.
His tee-shirt was soaked through and speckled with sawdust. The little flakes of wood also clung to Dean’s hair, arms, and lips.
Castiel levered himself up from the waist so as to better see Dean as he protested all this fuss, but by the time he had reached a degree of elevation fit to argue from, Dean was gone to the household sitting room below stairs where he imagined Rowena and the others probably sat together sewing under the gas lights, now that their heavy work was done for the day. Alone again, Castiel fell back against his embroidered pillows in a huff of dismay.
“What makes you think I’m unsatisfied?” he might as well flirt with her if it kept her pouring the drinks. He tried for half a smile before remembering his busted cheekbone, and it turned into a grimace. That was surely swelling up by now.
Castiel tilted his head to the right, taking a moment to reconcile the clashing of his two worlds. “You know Dr. Franklin?” he asked stupidly.
"It's not your job to help," Cas said gently before saluting the chef with his burger and pulling it to his face. After a big bite, he groaned in good-natured delight, and Dean watched the man's face intently. It was a good face, even tired around the eyes and pudged-out in the cheeks as he chewed. The slightly too-long hair that curled around his ears and stuck straight up on the crown of his head was ever-so-lightly peppering around the temples. His five o'clock shadow was more seven o'clock stubble, and his shirt had an ink stain on the sleeve. Still, he was undeniably handsome with a sexy aura surrounding him and his easy grace and steadiness. Dean liked.
Dean was enraptured watching Castiel fall asleep on his lap. A moment too late, his brother’s voice broke in on his thoughts, and he hummed to his brother, “Hmm, Sam?”
During the endless reception, he drifted away from his brother while the few common folk whom Sam had invited to share in his happiness were being filtered out gently from the nobility with glasses of champagne and a moment to mingle with the royals, and then Dean stood apart from the crowd. He felt stiff in his bespoke tailcoat, and he felt ridiculous for being allowed to dine with the royal family. Plus, he itched to leave along with the other commoners, his and Sam’s friends. None of Sam’s university gentlemen friends deigned to speak to Dean when he occasionally encountered them in a tavern with Sam, so he was certain they would not make conversation now. Still, a few of the invitees were Dean’s friends as well. Patience and Missouri had attended the wedding with wide eyes and trembling hands, and though Dean despaired to watch them leave the hall, he knew they would have hated to stay. Dean fidgeted with his champagne glass as he waited to be told where to stand or sit next.
“Oh Colonel, thank goodness you’re here,” Ellen began. “This foreign gentleman, I think, wants paying for the horses.”
He thought, muzzy-headed though he was, of several possible solutions, the best of which was to traverse the corridor to Castiel’s door and let himself into that room where his pain and want could be assuaged. But he knew that in such a way lay danger, sweet though it might be.
Dean ran a hand through his hair. “As long as the water stays in the pipes, the clay will expand and contract depending on the weather rather than simply break apart. Eventually it will break down, but even so, I assure you that clay would be much less costly to repair than lead.”
Dean felt his fingertips tingle after his second rusty nail. Cas' drink was good, and Jeffrey's drinks were strong; the scotch would've stood on its own without the Drambuie. On top of the great drinks, Cas looked edible. Dean almost couldn't concentrate on his own rhubarb and blueberry pie while he watched Cas devour a French silk slice with his cocktail. Dean stopped himself too many times to count when he felt compelled to lean in and lick the chocolate from Castiel's lips.
Sam merely grinned, clearly proud of himself, “I just did, didn’t I?” He winked, and everyone toasted him boisterously.
“Cas-ti-el,” Dean mimicked. “Thanks. What about you? You got any family?” Dean asked before returning to the task of sucking the ice cream through the straw.
“More than enough,” the glassblower answered in awe, eyes wide and not daring to reach out for the money.
She petted his arm affectionately and hummed good-naturedly as her sister took her hand and kissed her cheek.
“Oh, I know.” Her nose twitched, but like the polite lady she was, she didn’t comment on his still-ripe scent. “Everyone did miss having you around, though. Can you hold this for me?” She tossed a coil of wire to Dean as she stepped back from her little water wheel and watched it to make sure it wasn’t about to collapse. Then she waded back to dry ground to stand with Dean and relieve him of the wire. At that point, she fixed a bit of the copper wire to a hurricane lamp on a small trestle planted firmly on the grass. As soon as her hands let go of the lamp, it lit, as if by magic!
After dinner, Castiel was loose-limbed and somewhat drowsy with wine, so Dean helped Castiel up the stairs and proceeded to unfasten his buttons, helping his alpha undress for bed, pressing kisses into his skin, and receiving admonishments for his trouble.
Before he could leave, Ellen added, “And have little Kaia fetch all of her clean ironing for bandages.”
Before Charlie could shame the woman by promising to pay for her new house, Gabriel jumped in to discuss the new windows that would be required in every new building and half of the old ones.
Dean slid to the floor opposite the older man and stared into the flames. “I shall have some coal brought in for you,” he said.
On the fourth morning of their isolation in the shack, well before the sun had risen, the couple was awakened by the smell of hot food. Ellen and Rowena were at the window with aromatic coffee and bacon as well as eggs and bread. After he ravenously shoved the third piece of bacon into his face, the women absconded with Dean, wrapped in a blanket from their basket, through the crooked doorway, leaving Castiel blinking in the semi-darkness with his coffee. Immediately Gabriel and Balthazar stormed in, shoved Castiel into his ruined clothes, and dragged him to the dogcart in order to drive him up to the castle’s washroom and bathe him for his wedding.
Dean returned post-haste with Rowena, a small but formidable woman who ran a very tight household. She had brought Ellen along with her, and Dean barely had time to throw Castiel’s coat over his torso to prevent the women seeing him in his shirtsleeves before they marched up to his bedside.
Rowena nodded. “Of course, we have laudanum. I should have thought of it last evening. I shall bring it myself after giving the girls their instructions.”
The winter sunlight was feeble, but it was still an hour or so from sunset, so presumably, he had plenty of time to find Dean. Smiling along the track toward Winchester, he was delighted to see how well worn the road was. He was enchanted by the new windows he spotted on the old cottages he passed. He was thrilled by the new buildings and animals that greeted him along the way. Castiel was amazed by the changes that had come over the community in the nearly nine months he had been gone.
"They should both want to kill him," Castiel replies, "but then why the trade? Why the sword? Neither of them will want Lucifer to rise again to power in Hell because that would place Crowley's ambitions in jeopardy and would threaten Michael's rule in Heaven."
Bobby sighs and leads Sam up the steps to the front door. "Against other angels, apparently. Let him tell it. It's a long story."
The patterns on the damasked pillow that cushioned Castiel’s head in Dean’s lap were blurred, and when Dean blinked to try to clear his eyes, which were no longer green but a deep black, he found he could not focus on the upholstery. Instead Dean looked down at his alpha’s face and marked his gentle brow and his stubbled chin, and Dean allowed himself to think, for the first time, how lovely it will be to wake every morning to that face. God has truly smiled upon him to grant such a blessing to a poor orphan from Glassblowers Street.
It was Benny who convinced him to run it by Meg first. Charlie said it was none of Meg’s business, but Dean could see Benny’s point. This was precisely Meg’s business.
It was Ellen’s turn to laugh, “For someone who claims not to be a lord, you certainly can talk like one when you want to, can’t you?” She busied herself with a tray of tea, muffins, sweet cream, marmalade, and butter.
Dean coughed and chose not to ask for more details about that as he felt the power rolling from his alpha. “Having a brother was the best thing for me,” Dean redirected. “I don’t know how I would have fared without Sammy in my life.”
So Dean simply thanked the gentleman and offered him a turn at manning the trebuchet. It took hours for the dogs and children to grow bored of the game, and no one mentioned it but the sound of children’s laughter ringing throughout the yard was such a tonic to the household that men and women often took their breaks beside the stables just to hear it.
Castiel sighed knowing that very shortly he would finally hear what news his brothers had from the Regent.
Thus, the party was slightly muted as sunset approached, and Charlie and Patience finally appeared for the lighting ceremony. As it turned out, they had been in Missouri’s house for the past two hours, discovering James and weeping, and listening to stories and laughing. They were ebullient in front of the streetlight, which was still draped in a sheet at dusk, as everyone crowded around in their heavy coats waiting for the exciting marvel to be revealed. Before that, however, Charlie was using the theatrical stage setting for some business of her own.
for the very first time, well, he was reading it to me, since I was only about four or so, and she said she could show us where there was some real life hidden treasure.”
Castiel made tea for Dean while they waited for Rowena. The pain Dean experienced grew worse each time it crashed upon him, but still the waves were distant enough that he managed drinking some honeyed tea, eating a few spoons of apple jelly, and ordering Castiel around so he wouldn’t hover. He sent Castiel for his clean nightdress while he stripped out of his uncomfortable breeches. Once changed, Dean was more comfortable, less self-conscious, and gripped by the desire to clean the kitchen.
“Good thing, too,” Dean groused at the same time Sam sighed and raised his voice to scold his brother.
The breeze picked up in the south field, creating a susurrus of sound in the eruption of flowers. In the distance, a light from a small hut stood out against the slowly darkening sky.
Dean steps back. "Angels now. I've been on the rack in Hell for thirty years until some two-bit crossroads demon abducts me and takes me to that shitshow that got me stuck with a friggin' ANGEL?"
Despite Winchester’s residents persisting in the misconception that Dean and Castiel were Very Important members of the town and in control of its machinations in a manner that was to be emulated or envied, they remained simply human. They still agonized over teaching their children not to say naughty words, still laughed at finding ducklings left in their bathtub, still cried when a beloved horse died, still let dinner burn in the oven because they forgot about it, making love. When Dean thought back over his life in the quiet moments and he remembered the first time he had seen Castiel, dressed finely in his morning coat, the first time he had scented him beside the little lake only a mile away, remembered the impact of his whole world shifting in a moment, Dean knew without a shadow of a doubt that he would not have changed a single moment of it, not for anything.
Dean had uploaded the recording of the guy’s report to Charlie, back at HQ. She had phoned him half an hour back with some details. Cas’ great grandfather, Dr. Baker, was a first-class quack and rip-off artist back in the early days of the twentieth century. A hundred years ago, it seems, entrepreneurs like the old doctor made a killing in selling “cures” to people with various complaints from gout to consumption to diphtheria to cancer. Hell, most of the stuff people suffered from back then went undiagnosed. Guys coming back from The Great War with the Spanish Influenza, shell shock, and melancholia either died before they could get to a doctor or believed no one could help with what they had because they weren’t goddamned sick in the first place.
He knocked his elbow into Cas’, fought against the way his heart wanted to skip a beat when Cas turned his head, when Cas’ eyes fell to his mouth so that he could read his lips without having to pause the music.
He didn’t complain when he was sitting on the couch with a beer in one hand and the opening credits of
Dean picked the headphones up off his lap and wrapped them around the back of Cas’ neck. To help him understand. To drive the point home.
He shouldn’t have been surprised when Cas slapped his hand away with a sharp look when Dean reached over in the middle of some overproduced, autotuned horseshit and tried to change it. He shouldn’t have been surprised when Cas pulled his phone out to make note of a song, and then another. He shouldn’t have been surprised when Cas kept that same station on the rest of the ride, all the way to the grocery store.
So he kept quiet and let Cas play that godawful radio station whenever they were in the car. He bought whatever Cas handed him at the record store and didn’t poke fun at any of the covers. He listened to Cas talk about
He kept perfectly still. Ignored the way Cas reached that thumb up under his sleeve. The way Cas trailed his fingertips back and forth and back and forth and back and forth, an easy rhythm that made Dean’s mind go slow the same way it made his heart go fast.
So, yeah. Dean used canvas bags. Whenever he could remember them. Because they were better for the ocean he’d only ever seen and never touched.
, and sure, there were days Dean could tell he was struggling with it. When he slept until noon and still looked like he hadn’t caught a single moment of rest. When the headphones stayed on all day and didn’t come off until dinner, and even then, his voice was quiet, and his eyes were somewhere far away.
“Knock yourself out,” he said, voice rough. A ragged scratch in the back of his throat. A scratch he couldn’t bring himself to clear it as he tore his eyes away from Cas’. “It’s yours.”
Sure, that bed that felt too big sometimes, but Dean guessed he was supposed to be grateful for that, too. That he could fall asleep knowing Cas was here with them, finally. That Cas stayed and called the bunker
With three exceptions. Breakfast time. Dinner time. And anytime Sam sat out on a hunt. As if the hours Cas spent at the kitchen table or up on the front bench next to Dean were the only times he could bear to sit with the sound of his own thoughts.
It hadn’t even been five minutes since he’d lied, since he’d plastered on a fake smile and told Cas he was fine, he was
Dean didn’t say it because he thought Cas was stupid, though, or because he thought he could pull a fast one over on him. He just needed to play it off a little. Needed to make it seem like this wasn’t as big a deal as the voice in the back of his head was trying to make it out to be.
He didn’t care that it was a stupid Taylor Swift cassette that got them there. He didn’t care that that, of all things, was the thing that pushed them over the edge.
Was so focused on holding still, on keeping calm that he didn’t notice the song had changed. Not until the words came in.
He had to bring all the canvas bags to the kitchen, because the detour meant they’d already been sitting in the car too long. He had to put everything away, because a messy kitchen was bad for the mind. He had to start dinner, because it was already 5 o’clock and three guys had the capacity to kill each other if they got hungry enough. He had to call Sam and Cas to come eat as soon as it was ready, because he didn’t spend two hours on eggplant parm just to serve it cold.
“I’m just saying,” he said, and Dean could hear in the words that he’d finally let that smile crack his whole face. Now that Dean wasn’t looking. “I think it’s really great what you’re trying to do for the environment, Dean-”
The one he’d picked out today was heathered grey and slightly wrinkled, soft fabric pulled tight across his chest, around his arms.
If Cas had told him a couple weeks ago that he liked the silver ring Dean kept on the shelf above his bed, the ring he used to wear everywhere. The one he used to wear every day before he got too afraid of ruining it, or losing it.
He was halfway through a flip, had brought the mug up to his mouth for a sip when he felt a warm weight at his back. A chin on his shoulder. An instinct that told him to flinch away from it, another that told him to lean into it. A third that told him not to react at all. To finish flipping the French toast and taking a sip and pretend like he wasn’t half a second from jumping out of his skin.
He made to step away, to push off his heel and make his way out of the room, but Sam’s voice stopped him dead in his tracks.
Cas and that Walkman were still attached to the hip. He still brought it with him everywhere he went, but more often than not, he was listening to some thrift store, pop hand-me-down. One of the many he’d picked up over the last few weeks. The covers all pinks and purples and oranges and blues that clashed something awful inside Dean’s old cardboard box. Vibrant against a sea of blacks and whites and greys and reds.
It was weird. Awful, and weird. Not being able to recognize the song that Cas was singing under his breath. Not being able to tell what he was listening to just from the dull hum coming out of his headphones. Not being able to cut in with an opinion when Cas and Sam went back and forth about a song or an album or a singer over dinner.
Exposure therapy, right? Best to face your fears, jump in head-first, and let the chips fall where they may.
“Little while.” Dean ignored the way his throat tightened around the words and reached across the stove to stir the apples when he heard them start to sizzle, hoped the noise could help cover up the lie. “Somebody had to get their ass up and make breakfast, right?”
The hand Cas placed at the nape of his neck was soft. Gentle. Held Dean steady, helped angle his head so that their lips would fit just right.
Got back to the bunker just as the sun was going down. Passed Sam and Cas in the war room on his way to the kitchen, four full bags of groceries, two in each hand because he was too stubborn to make two trips.
Sam was already looking at him when he turned his head. Mouth pulled into a smile he was clearly trying to fight, betrayed by bright eyes that made Dean want to strangle him.
He liked that Cas usually waited for the song to change or for the album to finish before he asked, like if he asked in the middle, it might interfere with the full experience.
Didn’t squeeze, so that he could feel Cas, warm and solid and strong, beneath him. Didn’t let his fingers go long, so that he could feel as much of him as humanly possible. Didn’t swipe his thumb back and forth, so that he could feel Cas shiver.
But it helped. The distraction, the simplicity, the domesticity that cooking in a quiet kitchen provided. Every little bit of it helped.
He had to wait until his beer was empty, because he didn’t believe in wasting booze. He had to have a second, because one wasn’t good enough for a buzz. He had to go sit on the couch, because he’d been on his feet all night and he deserved a couple minutes to relax. He had to turn on
He could finish his sip, and hold the mug up for Cas to take, and focus on the hum coming from his headphones rather than the brush of their fingers, than the wave of ice that crashed over his body when Cas stepped away and over to the side.
Some things might have changed since he’d fallen, but it didn’t seem like that sixth sense was going away any time soon.
“I-” He hesitated, voice little more than a rasp. “I’ve never been on a train before, I don’t think.”
He held the mug in his left hand. The hand caught between them. Let Cas know it was theirs to share when he leaned just a little bit further into Cas’ space and rested the mug on Cas’ flannel-clad left knee.
back in its case. Baby blue gone slightly green with age, but bright against the dark wood. Which. Wasn’t surprising in and of itself. Cas returning a tape when he was done with it.
Cas left the room before Dean could even begin to try, but maybe that was a good thing. Maybe silence was better than what Dean wanted to say.
Warm and wild and pure and perfect, but it was too much. Dean always wanted too much. He always wanted what he couldn’t have.
Cas was warm, and here, and safe, and alive, and that was so much better than Dean ever thought he was going to get. More than he thought he deserved. He’d never been the type to look a gift horse in the mouth and he wasn’t about to start now.
Sure, the feeling was louder now than it used to be. Easier to identify. Harder to ignore. Insistent as all hell.
Yeah. He was in his forties. He lost his breath ripping open a box sometimes. Shut the hell up about it.
“Thank you,” Cas repeated. Slow. So slow that Dean had no choice but to tilt his head back, but to tip his chin and let his neck go long and look up at him. “For what?”
Dean would’ve been more afraid of sneaking up on him, more careful about scaring him if his boots didn’t smack so heavy, echo hollow against the concrete. If the slight tip of Cas’ head didn’t make it perfectly clear that he knew Dean was there.
whistling up on the TV. When Cas came in, sat down sideways on the couch next to him, pressed his cheek into the cushion in a way that had to make the headphones too tight for comfort, and tucked his toes under Dean’s thigh.
Dean didn’t think all that much of it, if he was being honest. He thought they’d make it one, maybe two songs before Cas got bored and went back to their usual rotation of stations and tunes. He thought Cas would take a couple minutes to satisfy some good, old-fashioned curiosity and then they’d go back to normal. Business as usual.
Dean was slightly more than glad for the flannel he had on over his t-shirt. A warm layer that kept Cas’ skin from finding his. Made it easier for him to focus. To keep going.
That was, until Cas knocked on his door a few hours later, tape in hand. Smile small and bashful while he said, “If I wasn’t so afraid of undermining the integrity of the asterisk system, I would give it three.”
Almost too easy. To step to one side. To step into the space between Cas’ knees. To wrap his arms around Cas’ waist and rest his hands on Cas’ back.
Sam busied himself with stacking pancakes, Cas with eating them, and Dean with taking a long sip of coffee. Closed his eyes with it. Felt the warmth of it all the way down to his stomach, to the tips of his toes and back up to the crown of his head, and sighed. Softly.
It was naïve, maybe, to think that Cas would stay on classic rock forever. That it would be this, just him and Cas on the couch or on a long stretch of road while they listened to the soundtrack of Dean’s whole life together. Forever.
“What are you watching?” Cas’ voice was rough, but soft. A deep growl that never failed to warm Dean from the inside out.
He didn’t know what to call it, but he wasn’t really sure that mattered. Naming something didn’t matter so long as that unnamed
Cas’ eyes dropped to Dean’s plate so fast that Dean couldn’t push down the laugh that bubbled its way up. Watched Cas’ eyes widen at the mess of purple they landed on, watched the corner of his mouth twitch into half a smile.
almost drowned out the words when Cas said, “Two, please,” and waited for Dean’s, “Sure thing,” before he slid them back into place.
It didn’t erase the last hour. It didn’t get rid of any of the nasty, self-deprecating thoughts Dean had had since Cas walked away. Those thoughts didn’t just leave, because they never did, because his atoms were glued together with guilt and doubt and need, but his mind was definitely quieter. The knots in his stomach were definitely looser.
“Awesome.” Dean slid his hand from Cas’ shoulder before he could do something stupid. Like touch the backs of his knuckles to the stubble on Cas’ jaw. “I uh- wanna show you something,” he said. Motioned with a tip of his head towards the doorway. The one that would lead them to the garage. “C’mon.”
He let it go, they moved on, and when they all were done, they each went their separate ways. Sam, to go shower, Cas, to go find a book in the library, and Dean, to go do some research at the desk in his room.
“And you can-you can relate to that.” An echo of a conversation they’d had weeks ago. When the ground was more even, and the room didn’t feel so small, and Dean could stand more comfortably on his own two feet. “What she’s singing about. You can feel it.”
Cas didn’t look at him. Had his eyes on the floor, body already angled in the direction of the door when he whispered, “Goodnight, Dean.” The words barely audible over the sound of the credits.
Spent the rest of the day thinking about gratitude. About what Cas had said in the kitchen that morning. Sure as anything.
“What he said,” and took his cheek from his fist so that he could reach over again for Cas’ honeycomb mug. “Check in the oven.”
of a note. “Loss can be destructive,” he started, “but she chose to learn from it rather than let it destroy her.”
“Let me know what you think,” he said, and gestured with his chin towards the Walkman so that he didn’t have to take his eyes away from Cas’, “when you’re done with it.”
If Dean looked out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Cas’ big blues were still half closed. That his cheek was covered with creases from the material of his pillow, the soft weight of sleep etched into his skin. His shoulders, his chest blanketed in maroon. A cozy, cable knit sweater that Dean wanted to bury his nose in and breathe in deep.
All the air had long left his lungs at how they looked together. How much bigger Cas’ hand was. How much thicker his fingers were. Tanner.
There was something slow in Cas’ movements. If Dean closed his eyes and thought about it real hard. Not hesitant, or careful, but almost. Almost sorry. Somehow. An apology Cas was trying to engrave into his skin. Like Cas was trying to tell him.
Clicked off the lamp in the corner, climbed into bed. Pulled the sheets up to his chest and stared up at the ceiling while he waited for his eyes to adjust to the dark.
His voice was rough, wrecked. As rough, as wrecked as Dean felt. Like it was just as world-shattering a thing for him to say out loud as it was for Dean to hear.
. Turned it sideways so that Cas could see all the buttons again, could watch as Dean clicked each of them with his thumb. Could listen as Dean talked him through the basics.
Didn’t get the chance to get his mouth halfway open before he felt Cas wrap a hand around his bicep. Just above his elbow, just below the sleeve of his t-shirt. Calloused palm, calloused fingers rough against his skin. A thumb that dragged and scratched and felt so much like a match that Dean couldn’t help the fire that lit beneath it.
because he saw that it was playing on TCM when he flicked through the channels. He had to watch an hour of it, at the very, very least, because it was awesome.
“Morning, sunshine.” Dean looked up to find Cas already looking back. Vast blue that put the taste of salt water on his tongue. That washed away memories of hungry nights and long drives that felt bone-deep lonely. “Sleep okay?”
Cas opened his eyes and sat up in one smooth movement. Gaze already heavy, half-narrowed by the time he settled it on Dean. Crushed any hope Dean had that his anxiety had gone unnoticed.
Whispered, “Wherever you are, that is where God will find me,” so softly, Dean felt the words more than he heard them. On his cheeks, on his lips. So sweet, he wished he could taste them. “I would walk to the ends of this earth if it meant staying with you.”
Though, not so loud as to drown out everything in Dean’s head that was screaming at him to take his hand away. That told him it didn’t need to be there. That said the moment had long passed and that keeping it there was a surefire way to give away something. Maybe give away everything.
The dumb part was afraid that Cas drifting away from his music meant Cas would drift away from him, too.
“Well, if you look towards the right side of the vehicle-” Dean raised his pointer finger off of Cas’ leg to point at the screen, towards Butch and Sundance standing on the side of a side of a cliff, water down below and bad guys all too close, “-you’ll find exhibit A.”
Another flutter of his eyelashes, a brush of his nose up Dean’s cheek so light that Dean wasn’t sure he hadn’t imagined it, Cas pulled back.
“Yeah,” Dean said, and there was that nervous laugh again. Too loud in the short space between them. A sound he needed to cover up as quickly as possible. “I uh-I got you somethin’.”
Dean’s mouth tugged itself into a smile before he could bite the impulse back. Was almost glad he didn’t when Cas’ eyes fell to watch it pull at his lips. “Yeah?”
It was the only reason he opened his mouth and said, “I haven’t-uh. I haven’t slept. Since we got back last night,” even though he regretted it the moment he said it. Wanted to swallow the words and put them back on the bed of his tongue where they belonged. “Been up for a while.”
“You’re serious,” Dean deadpanned, and shook his head at the wide-eyed look in Sam’s eye that told him he was dead serious. “Dude. What makes the Doors fun is that they were whacked when they wanted to be. Just totally ass over teakettle, did-not-give-a-fuck levels of weird.”
He would never make Cas walk to the ends of the earth, told him that with a long, slow stroke of his thumb, from the corner of Cas’ jaw to the corner of his mouth. Told him again with another kiss, a tip of his chin, a press of his lips. Caught Cas’ gasp from him, and buried it deep in the marrow of his bones.
when he laced their fingers together, around the mug. When he caught Cas’ thumb on the other side and tapped on his knuckle. Once, twice. Barely there. Blink and you miss it.
Cas must have recognized the statement as the security blanket it was, because he didn’t call Dean on it.
“You know what?” He shook his head as he dropped his hands back down to his sides. Deflated. Deflected. “Just shut up, okay? Stop talking. Forever.”
And now Cas’ halo was gone for good and the guilt that wrapped itself around Dean’s atoms had climbed so high in the back of his throat that he could taste it. Could choke on it. Could feel the telltale prick of tears burning his eyes, threatening to fall because it was his fault, his fault, it was always his fault, Cas had lost everything and it was always gonna be Dean’s fault.
Nobody needed to know the way he nearly gasped when Cas’ cheek came to rest against the top of his head. When Cas shifted to adjust to Dean’s weight, twined his arm over Dean’s so that he could settle more comfortably against him, and reached out to help Dean hold the mug at his knee.
But the words stuck tight to the roof of his mouth, the same way they always did, and the song always ended after two and a half minutes.
There were also times Dean looked around and saw a brother. Saw Sam. Alive, and happy, and healthy. Face red and bright after a long run, eyes poised and ready to roll while he made some kind of disgusting green smoothie to a chorus of teasing. Laughter lines etched into his forehead, and his eyes, and his mouth.
Dean said. The words hanging a little uselessly in the air compared to how hard his heart was beating. Even more useless. “Supposed to be Paul Newman Day on TCM or something.”
“Yeah.” Dean said. Swallowed hard, held his breath to keep it from hitching again when Cas reached over to put the glass back into his hand, and let it go with a silent, shaky exhale once Cas was back over at his side. “Him.”
His eyes were on fire. The circles beneath them were starting to look like bruises, like the blacks and blues he had staining his shoulders from a nasty slam into a wall.
Instead of speaking, he pulled the headphones off his ears and let them rest, wrapped around his neck. Fiddled with the Walkman until the volume was all the way up, as high as it could go.
“Buddy, that’s just an expression. I didn’t mean it literally.” He almost laughed at the way Cas nodded, expression cool and contemplative. Caught it, before it could fall from his lips. “And anyway, the problem’s not whether or not anybody likes it. The
Which. Was total bullshit. Right out of the gate, Dean was going with bullshit. A lie Cas didn’t even have to work to clock.
Not that there was anything wrong with the library or the war room or even the kitchen table, but sometimes it was easier to focus behind a closed door. By himself. With no distractions.
But there were also days when Dean caught Cas humming. When he caught Cas in the kitchen making a PB&J, humming softly to himself and bopping his head back and forth. When he caught Cas in the library with his eyes on a book, a smile on his lips, and a song under his breath.
Cas pulled back so that they could look each other in the eye, but stayed close enough that they didn’t have to let go.
Dean ignored the goosebumps he could feel prickling on his arms and slid the tape in A-side up. Closed it with another good
Cas was already sitting on the hood of the Impala by the time Dean made it to the garage. He had his hands braced back behind him, ankles crossed below him, chin tipped so that he could look up at the ceiling.
Five days later, Dean got the email that the Walkman and the headphones had both been delivered to their PO box in Lebanon. He picked the package up when he went out on his usual Tuesday grocery run later that afternoon.
Half an hour later, he was back on the road. The one that would lead him home this time. His wallet was even lighter, his chest a little tighter, but his hands were a little steadier, and his jacket pocket was a little heavier.
He handed Cas the cassette box before anything else. Mostly to free up his hands, but also to give Cas something to do. Something to focus on that wasn’t Dean. The heat Dean could feel had already spread up along his neck. The slight shake he could feel wreaking subtle havoc on his hands.
Cas didn’t lift his head, didn’t take his eyes up off his book when Sam acknowledged Dean and said, “Just one’s fine.”
He braced his left hand around the edge of the desk to give himself something to hold onto. Something to anchor himself with. Was careful to keep his other hand loose, lax so that he couldn’t fuck this up before he even started.
Cas tipped his head up at the touch. Lifted his chin and let his neck go long so that his eyes could find Dean’s. A silent question hidden in the set of his mouth, the pinch of his brow.
Dean threw a pair of headphones into the cart, too. Thick ones. Sturdy. The same kind as he had, that went over his ears and matted his hair down. Except. Where his were black, the ones he picked out for Cas were silver and grey. You know. So that they wouldn’t get mixed up or whatever.
They stayed like that long after the song was over. Long after the album was over. Through the rest of the movie. Dean’s eyes on the screen, but his focus on the warm weight of Cas at his side. Cas’ breath tickling his neck. Cas’ hair, now dry, against his cheek.
Cas’ were rough against his. Chapped and dry and so insanely perfect that Dean couldn’t help but melt against them. But melt against him. But reach his free hand up and hold Cas’ jaw in his palm. Like he was something precious. Something that might break if Dean wasn’t careful.
Dean did what he could not to push him away any further. Not to deepen the cracks he could feel splintering beneath his feet.
“I think it’s very brave to turn all that pain into something as beautiful as gratitude, or self-love.” He paused another good second, and Dean knew that if looked over, he would find a wry smile looking back at him. “Or a song.”
Dean wasn’t ready for any of it to end, tried not to deflate at the thought of him and Cas going their separate ways after the last couple hours, the last couple days. Felt his stomach begin to twist with it, felt knots coil in the face of the inevitable, but.
“It’s pretty simple,” he said, and held the Walkman up into the air between them. Watched Cas tilt his chin out of the corner of his eye. Curious. “This one’s
Had nothing but open road in front of him, sunshine on his face, wind on his cheeks when he told Cas to reach into the tape box for
He turned his head to shoot Cas a bright smile, to hit him with a little charm. To distract Cas from the fact that Dean already knew he was standing there looking like the walking dead and prove that he was fine, that there was nothing to worry about, but Cas’ mouth was already locked into a frown. Crease tight between his brow while he searched Dean’s face for the lie.
“Anywhere.” Dean inhaled. “Everywhere.” He exhaled. “I don’t know, man. You and that Walkman coulda hopped on a plane anytime you wanted. Hell, you could be listening to tunes at the top of the Eiffel tower right about now. Not in some stupid bunker in the middle of bumble-fuck Kansas.”
Cas was perceptive enough to take that hint for what it was. Pulled the winning cassette out of its case and handed it to Dean. Closed the case with a smack, pushed their shoulders together again. So that he could keep looking. Keep learning.
At first Castiel was too invested in his phone's GPS, following their path east out of Austin, to notice the sound, but soon enough it cut through his consciousness.
Bobby approaches and disarms Sam, putting the safety back on the gun and tucking it away in his vest.
“Hmm.” Jessica and Dean scoured the document together. The first Duke of Winchester was a Charles. The document stopped at the eleventh. Presumably Castiel’s father died before having the opportunity to update it.
February’s weather turned, somehow, colder. The river half froze and the tow barge that brought in the coal couldn’t make the trip. Castiel arranged for the WCM Shipping company, which, he had found out from Crowley, was legitimately registered with a legal contract and holding account with Lloyd’s, to haul coal for the town of Winchester. Since this arrangement interrupted regular shipments of dry goods that normally relied upon the WCM wagons and represented a vast proportion of the food that most of Winchester ate, Sam had his gamesmen supply meat and his pantry supply wheat and vegetables so that his lately expanded kitchen staff could bake hundreds of pies to distribute to the townsfolk. These pied were hauled, still hot, on the castle’s lumber carts to the tavern in town for everyone to eat. These dinners turned into lively affairs. Gabriel bought a cask of the publican’s ale for the first gathering, and then each of the gentlemen took turns doing the same every night after.
The small party continued with talks of weddings and quests and true love, and when the day drew toward its close, the colonel asked Gabriel to drive the wagon back to the castle so he and Dean could stroll past the chapel to speak to the vicar. Dean wanted to post the banns and then enjoy the sunset together on the walk home. Castiel, on the other hand, had things to say to Dean, and he had delayed them long enough.
Once upon a time, the land was filled with love, every alpha had an omega, and every lonely heart had a true mate waiting just for them.
Castiel blushed and looked askance for a moment but chose to say nothing to that. He just gazed into his husband’s eyes, eventually leaning forward for a kiss.
As it turned out, the cards in Castiel’s hand were very good, but so were the cards in Lord Zachariah’s hand. Castiel could tell by the way his littlest finger tap tap tapped against his goblet. The governor was three sheets to the wind by then, and raising the bet ludicrously each time the hand got to him. Castiel watched it play out until the table was down to just the three of them in the game.
Upon his return to the Hotel Galvez, Dean found himself waylaid by a babbling and apologetic Arnold-the-concierge. His room, it turned out, had been brutally ransacked in his absence. Dean’s mouth went dry. He scanned the ornate ceiling tiles over his head as if he could see the carnage many floors above him right through layers of construction. He closed a fist around the ring in his pocket and felt the carefully stashed papers beneath his double-breasted jacket, breathing a sigh of relief that he likely lost nothing of value but his new shirt and an extra pair of winter underwear. Everything he owned of any substance was on his person, locked up downstairs in the Galvez’s safe, or hidden in his car. Even his letter of credit, after last night’s tails showed themselves clumsy enough to be spotted, had been folded up and stuffed into his pockets. Now that he was made, Dean felt safer with his valuables on his body than left in his room. He calculated the risk either way and figured he could probably hold his own in a tussle with the dock heavies he had spotted around Morningstar last night.
Frost formed on the hay early each morning, but the new houses in Winchester, numerous by then, were warm and toasty.
“No, sir,” Arnold assured him, wringing worried hands. “The police will are still upstairs. They will want to discuss the matter with you.”
Dean leaned in toward the map of Winchester-to-be that Gabriel had drawn. He scratched at his chin and traced the streets and lanes with his eyes. He thought of Lady Charlie’s ceramic pipes.
Dean could feel his heart throbbing in his breast as the fire consumed his body. He grabbed tightly to his alpha’s hair and pulled him ever closer and closer until their mouths were unable to separate. Their tongues caressed each other as their lips grabbed at one another, and Dean felt saliva slide down the corner of his mouth and sting at the bite on his neck. He had just released one hand from Castiel’s wild hair to feel at his bite with his fingertips when he was caught off guard by the fullness of the alpha’s knot thickening within him tightly. The omega, vocalizing his surprise at the sensation, wrapped his legs around his alpha and clung so tightly with all his limbs that Castiel could hardly move.
“And now you have an income from Winchester and you have changed those old investments for new investments which I signed contracts for,” Dean narrated.
He yelled in surprise when it happened, wholly unexpecting the rush of wet and cramping. He had grown accustomed to his body’s constant aching of late. Various pains assaulted him at all hours. So he had ignored the pains the night before and that morning. Suddenly the pain was too sharp to ignore.
Castiel looked over at his husband, taking in the tied bundle of letters in Dean’s hand. He took them carefully, surprised at the thickness of the stack and leaned away toward the candle to read the words on the top sheaf: “To my dearest husband.”
Ellen chimed back in, “I suppose if he is anything like his omega brother, he can’t help but be a good man, but it’s mighty pretentious of him to come here where we have been shut of the king’s scrutiny for decades and immediately start throwing money at the new wing of the castle and drawing an assize man’s attention to us in the meantime. As if the roofs where
