Steve's heart sank. He hadn't considered that option. Of course, he should've. It had seemed like Tony had been avoiding him since that moment they'd first met in the burned wreckage two days ago. He wasn't entirely sure why; he supposed it had to do with Tony being responsible for the fires, feeling guilty, and maybe wanting to somehow fix the mess he'd gotten into on his own.
The first impression Tony had gotten of the Vault when he'd been taken to see the collection of ancient machinery it contained hadn't quite given him the full picture of what he had to work with. The days he spent cataloguing the parts soon made it clear that his project was going to be more challenging than he'd hoped.
He feels like he's observing someone else, in general, oddly detached from the reality of his situation. It seems very likely that he won't make it home, and yet, it doesn't feel real at all. It's like a mostly forgotten bad dream, something distant and unimportant. Like the cold, which seems to have finally left him alone. He knows, objectively, that he can't have gotten any warmer, but somehow, the cold has stopped bothering him.
He felt lost. Misplaced. He didn't know these people. Yesterday, they'd still been his enemies. He didn't know what would happen to him next. Where would he go? Would they make him answer for his crimes? Would he be able to fit in and learn to live with all these dinosaurs? And considering how close Steve seemed with Tony, would he have any time to spare for Bucky at all?
Steve remembered that time they'd been staying at the Bartons', and Tony had refused to share a bed with him. He'd regretted it, back then. Now that the roles were reversed, Steve definitely wasn't about to decline.
"We were making a run for it. I was on Pearly-eye's back with Bucky. Then nothing. Is Steve here?" Tony looked around, squinting against the blinding sun. He saw many people and dinosaurs spread out amidst the rocky surroundings: his friends and his fellow captives.
In a slowly building panic, it strikes him that if his memories are only partly true, perhaps he was kidnapped, but he never saw Steve or ended up in the wilderness. That thought is so disturbing that it finally compels him to force his heavy eyelids open.
The fireman shook his head. "I'm afraid it's just a matter of declaring him dead and carrying him to the morgue. Poor guy. I've seen my share of burn victims over the years, but this—there was something not right about the whole thing. I don't know what the hell happened here."
The weight of Steve's palm leaves Tony's back, and he frowns. "What do you mean? That makes no sense. My predecessor went rogue and they lost contact with him. I know you're a good person. You wouldn't do something like that."
"James," Bucky said. Not that he was particularly worried about sharing details of himself, but he was wary, since he didn't know where he was or who these people were. But before he started asking those questions, there was one that was even more important. "Did you find my friend?"
"Identical Non-Coding Sequences are a genetic anomaly, right?" Tony began. "Well, we've got the science to fix that sort of thing." He spread his arms showily, as if he were speaking to a much bigger audience.
If there was a soulmate for him out there, someone he was somehow meant to be with, surely he'd also be meant to meet her.
Steve pushed his finger deeper, then back again, and a little deeper yet the next time, feeling around. The added sensitivity that he had made Tony's prostate very easy to find. He rubbed his finger over it.
It started with a dot-dash-dot-dot for an L, continued with three dashes for O, and when the next set was a dot-dot-dot-dash for V, Steve could guess what the last letter would be. After L-O-V-E, Tony continued with the letter U and the number two.
"I swear we'll fix this, Steve. It's going to be okay. I've got you, now. It's going to be okay," Tony repeats, like a mantra.
He knew this impression of clumsiness was temporary. In this frame, his reflexes and coordination should be better than in the one he'd been born with. This was exactly why they scheduled the swaps to give Agents enough time for familiarizing themselves with new frames. He'd only been in this one for a few hours, which gave him the rest of the evening and the night before tomorrow's mission for getting used to it.
Both men nodded, so Steve loosened his hold and leaned backwards, allowing them to get up. The scar-faced man instantly made a grab for his pistol, which was lying on the floor only a few feet away. Before he got there, Steve caught hold of his collar, yanked him around, and punched him in the face hard enough to knock him out. He landed heavily on the floor, his nose almost touching the gun, which Steve picked up for safekeeping. The thug wouldn't be talking for a moment, but at least he wouldn't be trying to escape, either.
Stepping inside with Rhodey, Steve found himself in a hall that resembled an indoor junkyard, about the size of the earlier small garage. The place was full of tech that looked like spare parts: half-disassembled cars and drones, and smaller items on shelves and tables. A lot of it was visibly old and worn, probably scavenged. There was something oddly familiar about it, but he couldn't quite put a finger on what it was—not until he spotted the man standing by the wall to his left, staring back at Steve, his big, dark eyes wide in shock.
Tony scoffed. "Yeah, that's what he wanted everyone to think, and thanks to Hydra, he was successful, too. That's who took over SHIELD, in case you were wondering."
"No idea. Do tell," Tony replies. He's wanted to know more since he first saw that android in the cave. At least he finally will, even if he's expecting to lose Steve soon after.
He can tell he's outside. There's an earthy scent in the air, like moss and grass, and the surface he's lying on is cold and soggy. Contrasting that is the unmistakable warmth of sunshine on his face, bright even through his closed eyelids. His arms are held against his sides by some material that's wrapped around him, and as he tries to shift his legs, he realizes it covers him all the way, from shoulders to toes. It clearly isn't too thick, considering how he can feel every pebble under his back. The impression he gets is of being swaddled, not of being tied up, which is what he would expect based on his hazy memories of recent events.
"He dared me, the little asshole. I'd love nothing more than to be able to pin this on him, but so far, I've got no evidence. The analysis of the bombing revealed nothing beyond residues of garden-variety explosives. The VR salon allowed me to scan their system, but that came up with nothing, unless you count a couple of minor snooping programs. Just the kind of thing that makes me avoid those places. Not enough to explain what I did."
One heartbeat, one blink, and Steve's eyes go wide and he draws his fingers back as if burned, standing up, his LED flaring red. He still doesn't look angry, just extremely confused. "How's that possible? Out of all androids CyberLife has made, how can you have an SR100's regulator?"
"Where are we going?" Steve asked. Moving as slowly and cautiously as his battered frame allowed, Steve sat up again.
A female voice broke through the haze of pain in Steve's brain. "I'm so sorry, Steve, I know you must be feeling awful, but we have to move. Come on."
"For his magazine, right," Steve said. "So, you've only seen him at the party and today, and today he seemed agitated. Was he his usual self at the party?"
Luckily, the wait wasn't too long. Sooner that Bucky would've expected, Stark stopped to lean against a large propped-up metal plate, his eyes closed. "Done," he said in Dinotopian, his voice almost inaudible.
"There's a tracker on you, and I'm going to have to disable it," Pepper told him, speaking slowly as if to make sure he caught every word. "Unfortunately, it's on your backup node."
The thought of nice sturdy walls around him and the prospect of getting out of this miserable middle-of-nowhere are what keeps him pushing onwards.
Natasha climbed down to join them soon after that. It was good that she did, since the next group of Northerners, probably alerted by the scout team's absence, was larger: six men and women armed with knives and primitive pistols. The noise from the battle that followed was sure to draw in even more enemies.
Steve blew lightly against Tony's belly, and then trailed his lips upwards, over his ribs, while also running his nails lightly over Tony's back. He licked at a nipple as he passed, making Tony squirm and let out a whine—and then, disappointingly, nudge him away by the shoulder.
Steve felt his knees hit the floor, and the jolt of concrete against his bare skin reconnected him more or less with the present reality. Pepper and Rhodey were both by his side, hovering but not touching him, clearly unsure what to do.
He did, a few hours later, manage to catch hold of T'Challa to ask if there was any way they could make sure Tony was telling the truth. T'Challa said that technically, it would be a simple matter if they had access to Tony's DNA, but sequencing someone's genome without their explicit consent was so unethical, he'd only consider it if lives depended on it.
Steve was Captain America. He wasn't supposed to die like this, fall into the ocean and drown alone in some unknown part of the world. He was supposed to survive things no normal man would. He couldn't be gone. He just couldn't. But the days passed, and no one showed up to tell Bucky that his friend had crawled up on the shore.
There was a loud knock at the door, followed by a stern command in Natasha's voice. "NYPD! Open the door!"
Currently, everyone's focus was on Team One: Clint, in position with his sniper gun, ready to blast Stane's node into oblivion, and Natasha, by Stane's side, providing Clint with position data. It had been a stroke of luck that Stane happened to have a suitable meeting that they could target as soon as this. He was on his way to meet the representative of some Jovian mining company, and he'd be shot the moment he stepped out of the car onto the conveniently open landing platform.
"You don't think he'd try to—" The words 'kill himself' were on the tip of Steve's tongue, but he couldn't make himself say them.
"Wouldn't dream of it. You want to come in my mouth, too?" Steve asked. He felt a little self-conscious saying it, but managed not to sound timid.
"It's a disaster," Tony said. "There's no happy ending for this story. There's just a thousand different ways it can go horribly wrong."
"No objections, then?" Tony checked, his fingers clasping the hem of Steve's shirt to tug it out of his slacks.
They stopped to tend to the wound and wait for Stark to regain consciousness from the second blow Bucky had delivered, this one with the butt of his rifle. Following the instructions from Mona—a distant relative of Lina's who had more experience dealing with dinosaurs than anyone else in the group—they were careful to collect any bloodstained fabrics and bury them. She warned them that the scent would draw out predators, like sharks in the water.
The voice that called out from the hallway was unfamiliar to Steve, and female. "Tony? You awake yet?"
"Nothing important. Just a work thing," Tony replied. It was probably because Steve actually knew that he was lying, and that it was in fact very important, that he could hear the tightness in Tony's voice, a nervous edge that he failed to hide.
“Not so fast.” Steve moved his hand to Tony’s shoulder to pin him down. “I seem to remember a sprained ankle, too—I should take a look at that. Besides, don’t you want those ice packs?”
"You deserve as much, you really do, but I don't want to talk about it over the phone. Can we meet tonight?" Maya asked. "I promise I'll answer all your questions then."
"Then all we need to do is wait and see," she finished his sentence for him. "I'm sure he will miraculously recover if you just ignore this for a few days. And as I said, if you've grown too fond of him, I can give this task to someone else."
"You try having open heart surgery in a cave, and then come tell me how comfortable you are with people getting up close and personal with the result," Tony snaps at him, and backs away.
"We definitely will, although I worry there might not be much you can do to help your friend," Eliana said. "Those who go to the North do not come back."
"What do you mean?" Steve was frowning, looking puzzled rather than disappointed. Bucky was sure that would change when he heard the whole story.
There were soft shuffling noises in the cell diagonal to his, closest to the lantern lighting the space. Under its glow, Tony could see the figure that made its way to the bars, limping. It was a medium-sized theropod dinosaur, possibly a
"Take it easy, I wasn't accusing you of anything," Stane said placatingly, aiming half a smirk at the drone closest to him. Then he took a few steps to stand by Steve's side instead of in front of him, and placed a hand on Steve's back. "Well, Steve, if you're so desperate to save that boyfriend of yours, let's go see him."
Tony wanted to tell Bucky that Seren had only been trying to help, that she'd only wanted to wake him, but he didn't have the breath. After a panicked moment that seemed to stretch on, he did finally manage to draw in enough air to cling to consciousness, and to force out a half-choked "it's fine" to his two at-odds companions.
"To have Tony back where he belongs: in a healthy clone and living in the Tower, instead of that bastard who's stolen his name and frame. And to make Stane answer for his deeds, I hope," Steve said. Just speaking about it made him angry. Stane had done so many unspeakable things. False imprisonment, torture, identity theft, frame theft—all that put together would've earned him a hundred-year sentence in the past. With the current, stricter punishments, it would probably be grounds for a wipe.
Steve turned to face the two men on the dinosaur's back. Tony was still unconscious, while Bucky was staring at Steve, wide-eyed.
The blue eyes grew wider as they met Steve's, the man's lips curling into a smile as he accepted Steve's assistance. "Captain America! There's a face I wasn't expecting!"
Steve really hated how this investigation was forcing him to suspect everyone he met and everything he heard, even when the people he talked to were upstanding citizens who seemed nothing but friendly.
When he woke up he was hard and he felt disgusted, the taste of bile lingering at the back of his throat.
"I'm sure you wouldn't admit it, and I might not admit it myself, either, but I think the truth is, Tony, that we're better together. It's worth making an effort, even if it's difficult. Not trying at all, that's the mistake we made here, and I almost lost you because of it. If I lost you just because we're both too stubborn, I'd never forgive myself. I don't want to make the same mistake again."
Thankfully, at this point, he was standing by his ride and had an obvious escape route. He opened the door and slipped behind the wheel.
Steve didn't miss it when two men at the back started moving towards the door at the far end of the room that'd give them a way out. He rushed towards it, and caught up with them in the corridor beyond.
Jarvis led Steve to a cozy parlor decorated with all kinds of exotic artifacts and trophies—just the sort of thing he might've expected based on Tony's background. It was all fascinating. If Tony were here, Steve imagined he'd happily tell stories about how he came across each one of them. Instead, there was only Jarvis, who took a seat in one of the armchairs, his expression disinterested. Steve followed his example.
"Maya hasn't wanted to talk about it. Understandably. It must've been awful. So, what I already said is pretty much all I heard," Dr. Harris said. "There's one other strange thing I should mention, though, which is how the whole thing got funded. There wasn't a penny of grant money spent on it. They had external backing. From some rather unsavory types, I might say."
He looked at Steve again, his earlier smile gone, a deep frown in its place. "Uh. You wouldn't happen to know what happened?"
When the conversation paused, Stark turned towards Bucky again. "I need to get there," he said, gesturing at the back wall, across the room, where he'd spent a lot of his time on the past few days.
Steve was still nowhere in sight when Tony returned to the campsite, and he didn't mind having that additional time to try and clear his head. He had the fire going again and water boiling for their brew when Steve exited the tent, then disappeared into the woods right away for his wash-up and other morning routines.
He lets his fingers trail upwards, brushing back Tony's hair. It feels right, somehow. As if Steve should've done this ages ago.
When Tony got the all-clear to leave the medical bay, Steve accompanied him on the walk across the building. It was the longest stretch Tony had covered after the incident. He insisted it was fine and that he didn't need Steve to hover so close, but by the time they were at the door to Tony's bedroom, he was ashen-faced and out of breath, the weariness radiating through their bond so profound that it made Steve want to lie down. He took comfort in the fact that he could actually feel it. That meant it couldn't be too bad.
"I'm glad I'm here, anyway," Steve added. It was true, as well. Whatever the morning would bring, no matter how wrong it was for him to be in Tony's bed, even if he'd end up regretting it later—he knew he would've regretted it more if he'd just walked away. He'd treasure the memory of this night.
He's made it very clear to JARVIS that he doesn't want to see people. If it's anyone other than Pepper, Rhodey, Happy or Obie, all of whom have got keys, anyway, they'll be told Tony's not at home. What JARVIS is saying should be against his programming.
Ten years later, the media goes wild with reports of an android liberation movement in Detroit. Unlike the human-driven android rights charities that Tony's been donating copious amounts of money to over the years, this is an actual rebellion of androids demanding equal rights for themselves.
He drew a deep breath and released it slowly, then another. It was instantly obvious that he was in an organic frame, since the hard to describe, not-quite-right feeling that would come with synthetic organs wasn't there. The frame also wasn't his own. It felt much bulkier, and certainly had more lung capacity.
Hammer had already turned towards Steve, his smile growing wider. "And this must be the famous Captain Rogers! Or should I say, infamous, rather?"
A few seconds later, something exploded, and from there on out, they were in full Avenging mode again, with things blowing up and people dying and alien armies pouring out of a wormhole, and Tony was constantly too busy or too shocked to think about Steve, until he was flying into said wormhole carrying a nuke.
Investigating the incident at the 201 kept Steve busy for the next few days. Even with Tony's influence, he had to constantly battle red tape; the investigator that the NYPD had set on the case, Detective Coulson, was very officious and didn't like amateurs trying to step on his toes. Nevertheless, Steve was able to inspect the restaurant again, including the areas he hadn't seen before, such as the kitchens. He also interviewed the surviving staff members and had a word with Hammer and his assistants. Nothing revealed any clues about who might've been behind the attack.
Steve closed the fingers of one hand around Tony's and placed his other hand on Tony's bloodstained cheek, wishing he could just kiss him on the lips like some fairy tale savior so that he'd wake up. Steve knew that wasn't how these things worked. They'd have to find a technical solution, some way to get around the fault in the hardware or Ultron's code or whatever was really going on here.
"Will you let me drive this time?" Tony asked. Standing next to Steve's bike, with his hands in the pockets of his retro lab-leather jacket, he certainly matched in style.
"If anything, I'd say he was—I don't know, he almost seemed healthier?" Jan placed her hand pensively on her chin, then hurriedly added, "Not that he usually isn't healthy. I'm not sure how to describe it. I don't know, maybe it was just that you could see he'd spent a lot of time outdoors in the sun."
matter, because we know he was collaborating with our enemy. He'll stay in the dungeon until he's given us something useful, like he's promised. Now, you should go and take him a proper meal, and then, when he's recovered enough, he can get to work. And James?"
"Yes, has been for several hours," she confirmed. "And he's very eager to meet you, so go ahead." She didn't quite wink, but the way her lips quirked even further had a similar effect.
"Yes, yes, me too." The fingers of Tony's free hand captured Steve's nipple, adding yet another bright flare of pleasure to the mix. "Don't hold back, Steve. Let go. Come for me," he coaxed, his grip on their cocks growing tighter, his strokes more vigorous again.
"Which is why I've been keeping an eye on him," Natasha said. "Stark Interplanetary has more political influence than any other company out there. If there was any chance we could have him on our side, it could be the most important breakthrough we've had in decades."
He got a good view of the street below long before his feet hit it, and what he saw took him by surprise. The way he remembered the street levels, there had always been lots of people. Too many, considering the amount of food and other resources that they'd had. Not anymore, it seemed. On the strip of Broadway beneath him, he counted a total of twenty people going about their business. Instead of the usual rows lining the street, there were only three stalls.
He could bring himself to enjoy this, being alone in the wilderness, only worrying about the very basic necessities of life. The simplicity of it is soothing. No one knows where he is, so there's no need to think about lying low, and since he's alone, he can momentarily forget all concerns about his team as well. There are no Accords out here. No Avengers, either. Just fresh air, sunny blue skies, an endless expanse of greens and browns, and the many textures of the pathless ground beneath his boots.
"I'm putting the two of you in charge of Stark while he's our prisoner. I trust you to see to it that Brock doesn't go overboard with him," the Mayor went on.
Tony pinches the bridge of his nose. Obie's not wrong, of course. One thing Tony's always liked about him is that he won't try to sugarcoat the bad news. "I've got ideas. Good ones. Advanced AIs, communications tech, medical tech, stuff like that. I just need a little longer to piece my life back together, okay? I'm working on it. I promise."
They followed him to a dining room that was empty of all other customers, with a single large, solid wood table set close to the middle of the space. Everything about the decor around them looked immaculate, closer to the minimalistic style of Stark Tower than the tacky luxury of the clinic where Steve had woken up. As in most high-rises, they were entirely surrounded by transparent windows from ceiling to floor, showing a cloudy sky. The chandeliers hanging from the ceiling somehow gave the effect that they were reflecting and amplifying the natural ambient light, so that the room seemed bathed in soft sunlight.
If it turned out that Howard's favorite theories were right after all and there actually was someone out there who'd make Steve feel like the stories said, someone who wasn't Peggy, would he want to know? And if there was an imaginary lady who was, through will of God or quirk of fate, somehow connected to him, would it be wrong for him to resist that? Would he inevitably fall in love with that person?
He gets up and steps away from his rocky refuge, stretching his limbs; one of his legs has fallen asleep. At least he's not desperately cold, even though looking at the frost-coated blades of grass here and there, the temperature outside must be close to freezing.
"Well, you should read this one," Rhodey said, sounding even more serious than usual. "You might want to sit down when you do."
"The last time we were supposed to meet didn't go so well," Tony said skeptically. Steve guessed he was referring to the first warehouse fire.
The plastic face held enough of an expression to say that the vendor wasn't buying Steve's story, but she shrugged, holding on to the piece of clothing. "I do like the coat. So, I can put the coins on an unlinked chip, but that won't be any good anywhere above the first five floors or so."
Partial matches were a known thing: there were a handful of scientific articles concerning people whose genetic markers weren't identical, but close, with just a few mismatched nucleotides here and there. Occasionally, this could lead to a milder version of the synchronization phenotype. Sometimes, it was asymmetrical. Maybe that was the explanation.
It's a balancing act to make sure that Obie gets his due without revealing Steve's involvement in the events, or specifically, that part where he broke through his programming and became something more than he was designed to be. Luckily, Tony knows some very good lawyers, and not all of them are overly fond of Obie. The semi-public shitstorm isn't particularly good for the company's reputation or stocks, but maybe it's better to take all the hits at once and then start building again from what's almost a clean slate, turning Stark Industries into something new and different and better than before.
"So, what's on the agenda today?" Tony finally speaks up once his plate is polished and the coffee pot empty.
"You didn't," Tony assures him. His voice sounds husky in his ears. "That was very sweet. It's just that—I know this is all new to you. Maybe you don't understand what you're feeling. You said it yourself. Lots of conflicting signals and all that."
"Sure. What would you like to talk about?" Tony said, keeping his voice casual. "The weather? The news? The latest fashion? I hear those hats are on the way out." He nodded towards the leader.
In the mornings, Steve usually woke up before Tony, and it was rare for Tony to have a moment to observe him in his sleep. Today, though, he surfaced from pleasant dreams to the equally pleasant warmth of a body against his and—not too surprisingly—the exciting hardness of Steve's length pressed against his leg, very close to his own bit of stiff. These things happened, in the morning, especially in such close quarters. Tony knew it was nothing but a physical reaction, and didn't think anything of it, as much as he would've liked to imagine that Steve's body was reacting to him specifically.
"I hope Jarvis recorded that," Pepper said dryly. "So, I already took the liberty of looking up potential start-ups that we might be interested in, but I think I'll leave that conversation for when you're a little more sober."
Steve pulled back his hand and straightened up in his chair. The idea of Hydra brainwashing was disturbing, but it wouldn't concretely help him with the investigation. "I'm going to keep that option in mind, but the thing is, if something like that is at play, then I doubt anyone can anticipate what Tony will do next," he thought aloud. "Now, if we were to assume, instead, that he's in control of his own actions and not responsible for the fires, what would you think he's up to?"
Not much later, Iron Man made his actual entrance into Steve's life outside a museum in Stuttgart, with a flash and a bang and blaring loud music.
"Well, I don't think that's the effect they got. Definitely not the effect it's having on me." Tony licked lips, his eyes fixed on Steve's groin, his pupils huge.
It should be an easy choice. His life, or the continued existence of this android that he doesn't even know, which might be doomed anyway, no matter what he does. But he's recently come to realize that he's not made very good choices in his life. He's probably not a very good person. His weapons have killed so many innocent people already—is his life really worth saving? Wouldn't the world be a better place without him?
"I'll be happy with whatever you choose," Steve said, taken aback that Tony would even ask that. "You don't need to think about me."
"Well, if Mr. Sandman catches up with me, I can take a nap there just as well. Good night, Steve." Tony opened the door to enter the equally dark hallway beyond.
He needed some way to convince Tony that he was real, and that the reality outside wasn't as hopeless as Tony believed it to be.
"Five minutes," Natasha said through the comms. Steve supposed she must be using a subvocal mike, since she was right by Stane's side in the limo.
"No, I don't think you will be," the reptile-person hissed at Steve through rows of sharpened teeth. They got up as well, uncurling from their perch like a snake, revealing hands that ended in long claws instead of nails. Their loose clothing; a baggy hoodie and a floor-length skirt, or perhaps very wide pants, hid the shape of their frame.
As disappointing as that was, it had also been one of his greatest successes so far. Steve now knew exactly where Tony was, and the place was less than ten minutes away. Unless Tony would take the phone call as his cue to run away and hide somewhere else, there was a very good chance Steve could catch him.
"Okay, okay, you got me," Tony admitted. "That's not exactly what happened. But it’s a great story, isn't it?"
Pepper and Rhodey had leaped to the side to avoid being crushed by the doors, and Steve caught them glancing at him as if asking for instructions. He wasn't sure if they'd noticed Tony yet.
He spotted a stall with a variety of clothing on offer and stopped in front of it. The vendor's frame was a plastic fake with light pink skin that made her look uncannily like a mannequin. Considering the skimpy top she wore, leaving her shoulders and arms bare even in this cool weather and accentuating the artificial look, it was probably on purpose. She stared at Steve unashamedly.
He'd come so close to actually sleeping in the same bed with Tony. A part of him, the part that had readily latched on to the idea that they could be soulmates, would've liked that very much.
"We found the cave, eventually, just where the notes we were following said it would be. The previous explorers hadn't gotten very far in, because it was a labyrinth filled with puzzles and booby traps. As it happens, I've always been good at working my way around those. We avoided the falling boulders and bottomless pits and the descending blades, and finally, deep inside the mountain, we found it."
Iron Man's hands settled on Steve's shoulders again, and then his lips were pressing softly against the back of Steve's neck, right at his hairline. He felt Iron Man's breathing against his skin, intimate and perfectly human, now that the layer of metal that had always separated them was finally lifted aside.
Stark pursed his lips and raised his eyebrows, clearly noticing the way Bucky had decided to shift gears. "The world outside is not like your friends here are telling you, you know," Stark said, without preamble, his tone still conversational. "The dinosaurs are not your enemies."
Steve shakes Tapio's hand briskly, impatient to be done with the pleasantries. "Look, this is going to sound like a stupid question," he begins, "but could you tell me where we are?"
Steve knew Peggy's views on soulmates weren't too different from his own, even though she was much better informed on the topic than him. She'd explained to him that the theories Howard liked to cite were dismissed by most other scholars as 'poppycock', as she'd put it. Most of the research was done by people who already thought soulmates were real, she'd pointed out, so it wasn't exactly impartial. As for her own opinion, she'd said she might start believing in them if she actually met hers. Clearly, she didn't think she already had, so whether she liked Steve or not, she didn't think they were soulmates either.
Sitting down, he clears his throat. His lips are numb, but he takes a deep breath and shouts again, louder this time. Steve's name echoes between the hills. It's like he's cursing at the skies, or praying. Could be either. A bit of both.
That night, Steve dreamed he was in bed with Tony; not the younger one he'd known and actually shared a bed with, but this older iteration he wasn't so fond of. Tony wanted to rekindle their relationship and to enjoy Steve's beautiful new body. He praised how lovely it was, ran his fingers along the carefully designed musculature just like he'd always used to, took Steve's cock in his mouth, and none of it felt good. Even though Steve's body betrayed him by reacting to the touch, it made his flesh crawl. Tony had commissioned the body. He'd chosen those muscles. Maybe he'd even given detailed specs on the genitals. He'd made Steve's body, and he as good as owned Steve.
He ends up wasting several hours on his quest for breakfast, or rather, brunch—even after the fire is done, it takes him a while to pluck, gut and barbecue the bird. By the time it's thoroughly cooked, it looks much smaller. He's tempted to wolf down the whole thing while he's at it, but he resists. Better to ration and make it last longer, so he can avoid going through this routine a second time today.
He'd barely had time to mope for a minute before the house AI announced that the food delivery was at the door. The drone he met there looked extremely expensive, badly out of place in the plain, shabby hallway. He accepted the boxes with a "thank you", only belatedly realizing that he was talking to a non-humanoid machine that wouldn't register politeness.
In the end, Steve decided to just pay his bill and leave, hoping that the next place on his agenda would prove more informative. If nothing else worked, he could always come back as Captain America later.
Steve let himself sit down on the makeshift bed again, kneading his sore neck. "Yeah, I remember. Sorry about that. You sleep okay?"
Steve left his shield hidden behind the barrels and plunged headfirst into the sea where he'd seen Maya go under.
"That's very kind of you," Steve said, suppressing the thrill of excitement at the touch. This wasn't the place.
"I would say that if he's not at Crabb Castle," Natasha pointed a finger at the name written near to the northeast corner of the island, at the foot of the cape marked as Crackshell Point, "we'll at least find someone there who knows where he is."
The law was clear on this: if a match was found, both parties had to be told about it. It was for everyone's protection. Handing over your genome to a database meant you agreed to that. Tony could easily go outside the books, of course—he could probably get hold of Steve's DNA without his knowledge, run the sequencing and alignment just for the two of them if he wanted to, but that'd be both illegal and so deeply unethical he wasn't going to consider it. He could only run the test if Steve also wanted it. If Steve agreed to it, he'd have the right to know the result.
Steve had to do something, even though he knew it was probably too late by now. He took a deep gulp of air and bowed closer to Tony again, pinching Tony's nostrils closed and pressing his lips against Tony's, trying to breathe life back into his still lungs.
"Okay? Now what?" Bucky asked, sticking to English. He knew Stark's plan involved an explosion to create a distraction and rushing out under its cover, but they hadn't spoken of any details beyond that.
Tony sits up. He can't do anything about the mosquito bites, but hopefully, the cold and the hunger aren't insurmountable issues.
It wasn't as if Steve had much choice. Anything was better than being in storage. "Yes," he answered, probably sounding more determined than he felt. "But don't expect me to stick around once we're done."
"And a lost coat and a torn pant leg, by the looks of it," Tony pointed out. He put one hand on Steve's arm and crouched to get a closer look at his calf.
Sam feels like he should apologize, maybe, but Tony doesn't seem to notice him anymore; he's dropped to his knees by Steve's unmoving form, and is reaching his arms around Steve. Steve looks half dead, frost clinging to his eyelashes, the skin of his jaw marble-white below his mask, his lips tinged with blue. He doesn't react at all when Tony lifts him up.
As the freezing cold engulfed him, darkness creeping into his vision, he thought that maybe, with him gone, she would meet the person she was meant to be with, and live a long, happy life.
Those descriptions weren’t too far off from how Steve felt, himself. He decided it was good enough for him. And that meant there was only one very important question left. “So, you wouldn’t want to kiss me again, would you?”
As if on cue, six man-sized drones rose up to hover by its lip. They were gunmetal gray, with a circular power source set in the chest, and Steve thought they had to be skirting the edge of what the non-humanoid-robot restrictions allowed: they had a regular human body plan of two arms, two legs and a head. What probably allowed them to pass was that their build was far bulkier than that of any typical human frame, their arms clearly shaped as cannons, their legs as jets, with no hands or feet. Their small heads were almost featureless, with simple glowing squares of light for eyes, and no hint of nose or mouth.
"You're going to have to pull through, Tony," Steve told him, in one of the countless quiet moments that seemed interchangeable and endless. "We still haven't finished that conversation."
Steve moved his arm aside to give Tony a thoughtful look, and for a beat, Tony thought that he had salvaged the moment, but that was premature. Steve let out a sigh and shook his head, refusing to meet his eyes.
Instead of fear, what Steve felt was a reckless thrill, the same kind he'd get when driving on his bike at breakneck speed, jumping out of an airplane, or battling a horde of enemies against overwhelming odds. He knew he was in danger, and he embraced it. It made him feel alive, made the world seem that little bit brighter and more exciting.
They take Steve to a SHIELD hospital, because the medical facilities in the Tower aren't enough for someone who needs round the clock care. Steve's temperature settles at a few degrees below normal, and he's breathing on his own, but he doesn't react at all to any attempts at rousing him, his brainwaves showing no improvement. It feels unreal to Sam: as much as he knows Captain America is human, he's always seemed almost invulnerable, shrugging off injuries that would leave others bedridden. It's difficult to wrap his mind around the fact that being stuck in the cold has left Steve so sick. The idea that he might not wake up again in weeks or months—let alone years, or never—is unimaginable.
Steve shrank away, one arm covering his face. Steve, who was never afraid of anything, looking as if he'd rather be anywhere else in the world. Tony gave him the space he seemed to need, shifting as far as he could in the small space, keeping his hands to himself.
Once he reached his apartment, he undressed and went for the shower, never mind that he'd already cleaned up in Tony's hotel room. The cold water running down his body seemed to clear his head a little, although the way it stung against his dried lips and his still slightly oversensitive cock kept reminding him of what he'd been up to.
"I convinced her," Stark said, with emphasis on the pronoun, "that since you're armed, which is something she's not familiar with, she wouldn't be able to take down the entire group without getting hurt in the process. Which means we're not worth the trouble for a quick snack. You're welcome."
It was a sudden overload where he couldn't sense anything but pleasure. The sound of his own low groan and the slap of skin against skin faded out, and his vision went blank.
"That's all I need to know," Steve said, no less concerned, although it was a relief to have an idea of what the issue might be. If the sunstone was out of charge, that should be easy to fix. If it was more than that—Steve didn't know who could repair it. Maybe Jarvis, but probably not here, on the road, without tools and materials. He hoped that wasn't something they'd have to consider.
Following Steve's directions, Tony drove them in his favorite Bugatti to a peaceful middle-class neighborhood in New Jersey. The street that awaited them at the end of the ride was perfectly ordinary, with two-story houses that had flawless facades and well-tended lawns. In spite of the cloudy day, Tony could spot several children playing in the yards, and a man trimming a hedge.
He spent a lot of his time going through files provided by the resistance about the surviving members of his team. None of the information was recent. That wasn't surprising. Every member of his team had been skilled at infiltration and espionage. They knew how to disappear. There were more sightings of Bucky than any of the others, many of them linked to crime scenes; that, he wouldn't have expected. Maybe the resistance's suspicion that he was somehow under SHIELD control was correct.
By the time the waiters walked in with coffee and tea, Steve wasn't really expecting anything to happen anymore, but he still held on to his focus. That was what kept Tony from losing yet another clone.
"He was there, in the cave where they kept me when I got kidnapped. I guess that's where he ended up when he broke his programming and went on the run. I was dying, and I knew I could use his parts to save myself." The words stick at Tony's throat, his voice threatening to break. "I chose my life over his."
Before they set off again, there was a brief conversation that included the large dinosaur who'd been their steed. Bucky didn't understand the words, but he got the impression that the dinosaur was offering to carry Tony again, which Steve declined. He didn't let Tony out of his arms for one second, but picked him up, cradling him close, as if he weighed nothing. Clearly, Steve was as strong as ever. Crashing on the island hadn't changed that.
He cried out and fell back into the pillows, barely hearing Lina's voice in the background as she called out for help. One of the nurses was back in the room soon after, soothing hand on his arm—his good arm—the only arm he had left—
"For the record, I don't think of you as expendable," Tony says. He means it, too, even if it makes him feel like a complete hypocrite.
In the end, with varying degrees of reluctance, everyone accepted Natasha's proposal, which meant that on the next day, once the imposing outline of the walled town had appeared on the horizon, it was time to part ways.
"It looks to me like you've already got that covered on your own," Steve noted, with a vague nod towards their isolated surroundings.
Tony raised his left hand to cover his mouth in a pensive gesture, the fingers of his right tapping against the table. "Huh," he said again. "Didn't see that coming. That's going to make things interesting."
If this man was telling the truth—and going by how genuinely angry he seemed, Steve was thinking he was—then Tony was causing the fires, after all. By the sound of it, Steve had been half right earlier. The expedition was behind all this, but it hadn't been a failure. Tony had found what they'd been looking for. The criminals who'd funded Maya's team had wanted the same thing, but Tony had gotten to it first, and was refusing to give it to them.
Steve shook the hand he was being offered and tried to keep his face neutral. "Technically, I'm not a captain anymore. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Hammer."
So much for that glimmer of hope. Tony can't speak; he can't as much as whine, his tongue a dead weight in his mouth. He can't even blink voluntarily. There's no way for him to signal at Steve to counteract Obie's order, which means Steve is bound by it.
Panic was starting to creep up on him again. As his head cleared, he shifted in the drone's hold, trying to locate any weak points, but he didn't think there were any.
Everyone tensed up at the melodious ring of the doorbell echoing through the house from the front door. Visitors were common in the Wilson household, but never during dinner time—interrupting it was plain rude. Sam's father got up, the irritated look on his face possibly the least friendly Steve had ever seen him, and headed for the door.
Later, when their flight trajectory had settled to something smoother and the voices speaking around him were no longer as urgent, he blinked his eyes open again. Rhodey was still at the controls. Since Steve was lying on his side over both back seats, Pepper was sitting on the floor next to him, crammed in the space between the back and front seats.
Pepper was eyeing her with concern, and Steve couldn't blame her—she must be worried that Natasha might go missing, too. "How will you find us when you return from your reconnaissance mission?" she asked.
He picked it up, his hand shaking so badly he fumbled and just barely managed to keep hold of it instead of dropping it on the floor. Thankfully, there were no new messages.
"Welcome to Crabb Castle," Rumlow, the tough-looking, stubble-chinned Northerner announced, and shoved Tony into a cell with enough force that he stumbled and landed on his knees. "I don't think you'll enjoy your stay, unless you come to your senses about where your loyalties lie," Rumlow added, locking the door behind him.
"Of course you'd say that." The Kingpin almost sounded like a disappointed parent. "Too bad for her." He waved his hand at the two thugs standing by Maya's sides, and they grabbed hold of her arms, ready to shove her into the dark waves.
Well, shit. That might actually be a loophole. Tony doesn't remember the exact instructions he gave, but he wasn't expecting an android. He can only think of one reason for such a visitor. Kamski must've sent it. Maybe he already has an answer for Tony. He could've just called, like ordinary people, but he probably finds that too mundane.
He started pulling Steve deeper into the room—they'd barely made it past the doorway so far. Steve hadn't really been paying attention to anything beyond Tony. There wasn't anything new to see there, anyway, since it was the same suite Steve had been taken to when he'd woken up in the future not too long ago. The furniture was unchanged, and the walls were the same shade of blue as before.
"What happened to Jarvis?" he asked, remembering the crisp accent of Tony's AI, who'd been ever-present in his workshop and his cars.
"Exactly. They've enslaved most of the humans who live here. This town is one of the few remaining bastions of human resistance," Lina said. The righteous indignation in her words, her voice and her expression, reminded Bucky painfully of Steve.
"Yes, this is it," Steve confirmed. "You can park at the curb, just over there, behind that red Ford."
This was too much to take in; he couldn't really comprehend it. Everyone gone. Peggy. His team. Even Tony's parents. So many people who should've been able to live for centuries, gone forever.
Steve had known Barnes had killed Tony's parents, and he'd never said a word, but then, why would he?
Steve folded his and Iron Man's fingers together, tight around his cock, the way he liked it best. Iron Man's hand was under his, so even though he guided the movements, it was Iron Man's calloused fingers that were rubbing against his skin. Iron Man's free hand traveled upwards, taking hold of his nipple again.
Steve worked the entire top half of Tony's coveralls off, revealing his torso and arms in their entirety, and confirming his first impression. He ran his hands down Tony's bare front, over his chest, his ribs, his sides, and it was all entirely unblemished, as if he'd never done anything more dangerous than sit at home reading a book.
Steve carefully stowed the piece of paper in one of his belt pouches. He'd need to ask Tony what it meant, and see if it might refresh his memory.
Marching through the disputed ground reminded Steve of his time in the War before he'd ended up on the island. At night when they set up camp, he struggled to shake the need to make it as hard to notice as they could.
Steve held on to Tony's hips as he guided Steve in with practiced skill. Pressure and warmth encompassed the length of him, and Steve felt his breath catch at the thrill of it. Even though he'd done this countless times before, he hadn't done it in this particular body, so it still felt like a first time, unfamiliar, exciting; this could well be the first time anyone had used this frame for sex, so it might be the first time in every sense.
That was no answer, but it was probably too much to expect Tony to actually explain his actions. Steve didn't push the matter. They'd reached the limo by now. Steve opened the door, taking a quick look inside to make sure he couldn't spot anything suspicious. Not that he doubted Tony and Ultron hadn't already triple-checked everything. There was nothing that he could see, so he held out a hand motioning Tony to go first.
"It's an organic construct custom-designed to resemble your birth frame," Randall said, his expression carefully neutral. "Would you like to see?"
Bucky took a moment to consider how to go on about this, then decided that he should probably tell her the whole story to get her informed opinion. So, he described the situation in detail over the start of their meal: how Stark had asked to be allowed outside several times along his captivity, how he'd seemed to fall ill today, and still insisted that a respite from the dungeon would be the only solution. Bucky also mentioned his own view that sending a doctor or at least one of the nurses to see him would make a lot of sense.
He's never been one for fishing—just like he's never cared for the outdoors in general—but none of it seems too complicated. In the end, all this survival business comes down to practical thinking.
"What Captain Rogers suggests does, in fact, sound like a very opportune tactic, sir," the AI replied.
All three of them were armed, and they also carried a few of the drone-disabling devices Pepper had used back when she'd freed Steve from the Tower. It would be desperate to go against four or more drones in organic frames, but they'd have to try.
"Tony," Natasha says, her cool, calm, and collected voice a sharp contrast to his rambling. "I want to find Steve as badly as you do, but you do realize if you get caught hacking Russian satellites, you could cause an international crisis?"
He didn’t look like he was, Steve had to admit; he remembered there being a feverish gleam in Tony’s eyes and a flush on his face which weren’t there anymore. Still, this felt too good to be true. “Prove it,” he insisted.
He makes his way down the hill. The rocky slope opens up into a valley with a narrow lake at the bottom. The shorter route around it and towards the hut that is Steve's ultimate goal would be to the right, but there are bushes at the far end of the lake, to the left, which he could use as firewood.
It took them some time to navigate a safe path through the rubble to open ground, back to where the remaining fire engines and police cars were parked. Tony followed Steve's lead, his footsteps steady and unwavering. Except for his purported amnesia, he didn't give the impression of someone who had a head injury.
At length, Seren spoke up again, softly, hesitantly. "I'm scared, too. I don't want to lose you. Maybe it's selfish. I was alone for such a long time, and if you—if you're no longer here, then I'll be alone again."
"None whatsoever," Steve said, and lifted his arms to let Tony pull his shirt over his head. Once Tony had dropped it on the chair, Steve placed his hands on Tony's hips before he could undress Steve any further. "I've got another question, though."
As he keeps on walking, going around one of the countless hills surrounding them, as if to put that physical barrier between himself and the man he can't stop thinking about, his anger slowly dwindles away. It's first replaced by annoyance, then regret, and eventually, despite everything, concern.
"And no one's blaming you for getting it wrong at first," Pepper added, sliding her hand down to lace her fingers with Natasha's.
Steve tried his best to appear casual and unconcerned; considering his frame, he was pretty sure it worked, too. "Probably not. It's not important. What was it that you were saying?"
Tony sat down on the armchair, his hands on his lap, his shoulders hunched. "Since I'm apparently doing my best to bring down the mood, there's one more confession I've got to make."
"You can have it, you sure seem hungry enough," Steve said. He could grab lunch later. Right now, this was more important. "Can you get me an address?"
Steve didn't, but kept his eyes closed, listening intently, curious to find out what Tony would come up with this time.
"No more than you do," Natasha replied. "If I had to name my key suspect, I'd say Pepper Potts is probably involved, but that's a hunch, not something I have evidence for."
Tony's hand stopped still, and his chest expanded in a deep sigh against Steve's. "I think I made it very clear already why I can't."
"At first, I wasn't sure whether it was a man or a monster that I was looking at. He wore a mask with horns and tusks, its mouth set in a terrifying grimace, and his clothing was a robe decorated with fur and feathers. I didn't recognize him then, of course, but it was Cauac. He held a long ceremonial blade with serrated edges, pointing it at me. 'Stark! I will not let you defile the sacred ground,' he growled in flawless English. 'You will pay in blood for trying to do such a vile thing.'
"No need to worry, though. They're just here as insurance," Hammer said, reaching to place a hand on a metallic arm. "See? Inert and perfectly harmless."
Tony was right; as a flip side to his overly sensitive new frame, anything penetrative would be awkward at best, extremely uncomfortable for him at worst. Luckily, there were plenty of other things they could do. "You could suck me off, if you feel like it," Steve suggested, trying to make it sound casual.
"Tony—I had no idea," Steve said, almost like it was too much for him to handle. He reached for Tony's hand again, taking it between both of his.
They were in a hurry, so this was clearly the best option. Bucky shifted on the floor so that his back was towards Stark. "Would you rather faint again? Hop on. I can do this."
Steve had thought he'd need to carry the burn victim to the rescue crew, and maybe wait for several days before he got to talk to them, but this man seemed to be in good shape; he'd stopped coughing, and clearly had no trouble carrying his own weight. Steve couldn't spot any obvious injuries. He decided he could as well take a few minutes to interview him right away.
It turned out that was another thing Steve could add to the long list of surprises Tony had in store that night.
"I don't, and I haven't. I think Tony knew her beforehand, but that obviously isn't very helpful when he's not around," Pepper said. "I'd suggest you contact the university and ask for her number, but since her apartment just burned down, that won't do you much good, either."
"Damn," Clint swore. "I was really hoping he'd made it out after I heard the police found no survivors and no bodies at the site."
Steve huffed, and decided he couldn't let Tony go on any longer, because he was obviously pulling Steve's leg. "That's a captivating story, but that's not at all how Rhodey described the Andean expedition."
The sun has climbed high enough by now that all the valleys are bathed in warm light. Squinting against the brightness, Steve scans the landscape around him, turning around in a slow circle, searching for any sign of human presence: buildings or tents, sunlight reflected from a polished surface, or smoke from a campfire.
The roof was around thirty meters squared of flat concrete, with no cover anywhere. There was only one way in, a door leading to a stairway in one corner. Hardly optimal. The criminals occupying the building would undoubtedly have set up proximity sensors, so the Commandos were expecting to meet some resistance.
"Copy. Hang in there, we're on our way," Steve said, and then, off the air to the two others in the room, "Let's go. We need to get back to the workshop."
"He might, but if I can at least try to reduce Tony's stress levels, maybe that could buy him more time. I've got to try," Steve said, already moving around Tony's chair to sit down in the one next to its undamaged side.
Tony's eyes closed, his breathing seeming to grow more labored by the second. The renewed pang of concern was enough to shake Steve out of his ill-timed brooding. He gathered Tony up in his arms. He had to get help, and make sure Tony got through this.
He didn’t just care about Steve. He’d been a mess of conflicting emotions about Steve since the day they’d first met on the Helicarrier. He couldn’t stand Steve, but he couldn’t stand being without Steve, either. As angry as he’d been at Steve after Siberia, he’d still missed Steve in spite of himself.
The second time Steve came across Tony's name was in the briefing package Fury had put together to prepare him for the Tesseract mission. There was no mention about "amoromics" in Tony's file, just a lot of information about Iron Man, his superhero alter ego. The flashy red and gold suit of armor was, again, exactly something Steve could've envisioned Howard creating if he'd had the technology to do it.
"So, you've already started making arrangements for our rescue mission, right? When do we set out?" Steve asked him impatiently.
"Really. 'Please, take me and let him go?' That's all you've got? Are you going to beg on your knees, too?" Stane shook his head. "The great Captain, tactical genius, scourge of criminals across the Solar System—and that's the best plan you can come up with? Ultron, are you sure he doesn't have any aces up his sleeves?"
Tony thought there was something he should remember, something important, just on the tip of his tongue. Something about the dream.
"There isn't," Stark said. Surprisingly, he didn't appear as demoralized as Bucky felt. He seemed determined, and when he spoke, his voice was stronger, even if his sentences were terse with the lack of breath. "But I'm not the only one who needs help." He turned his face away from Bucky, towards the cell across from his, where the dinosaur had fallen quiet. Maybe it was listening to this conversation. "They've done nothing wrong," Stark went on. "None of them deserve to be here."
Steve had heard everything about the theories Howard was so fascinated by, because Howard was always eager to share them. For all his womanizing, Howard had a surprisingly romantic streak. He often made tongue in cheek remarks about trying to meet as many ladies as he could so that he'd maximize his chances of finding the right one, but clearly, considering how much he talked about soulmates and how much thought he must've put into everything related to them, the topic was important to him.
"I think it's brilliant," Steve declared. Ever so slightly worried about overstepping the boundaries of their truce, he brought Tony's hand to his lips and pressed a kiss on the knuckles. Their warmth reminded him of a mug of tea on a cold winter day.
"And by self-destruct, Jarvis doesn't just mean a data purge. He took down two drones when he set off the charges," Rhodey said, a definite note of pride in his voice. "There were eight in total. Even with the armor, I was no match for them, and there wasn't enough time for Tony to suit up, so he was shooting at them with one gauntlet." His forehead shifted into a frown under Steve's hand at the memory. "It was all over in a matter of minutes."
"Completely worth the risk," Tony added. He shifted closer to Steve and pressed his shin lightly against Steve's under the table.
The landing on the 50th floor was clearly different. This was still Stark Tower, so it wasn't particularly shabby, but the design was more functional, done using cheaper materials and less attention to aesthetics. To Steve's surprise, there was no one else around at all.
They didn't talk about the Accords or the related crisis again during the rest of Tony's stay in the medical bay. Steve knew they would need to revisit the topic at some point, but he wasn't in a particular hurry to do it. They mostly didn't mention the other things they'd talked about, either, even though Steve spent most of his time in Tony's company. The medical staff encouraged him to do that; apparently, since Tony wasn't so sick that it'd block the soulmate link, Steve's presence was a stabilizing factor that helped him recover faster.
"Honestly, it's no big deal, but I'll just… I'll go get started on breakfast," Tony said, with a nod towards the tent flap, which Steve probably didn't even see.
Bucky would've been lying if he'd said that he wasn't concerned about Stark. It had been over three days, and Stark hadn't been in perfect health to start with; he'd be feeling absolutely awful by now.
Steve shrugs. "In a way, I'm not, since I'm the last of my model, but there are plenty of others that could do all the same tasks just as efficiently."
"Nothing mysterious about him, just boring," Tony said dismissively. "It's about a gig. Give you three guesses at what I do for a living," he joked, spreading his arms to show off his coveralls. On closer inspection, Steve noticed that the fabric looked like something other than the matte cotton you'd usually see; there was a faint shimmer to it. He didn't suppose Tony would expect him to pay attention to that, though.
They were so close to one another that it would've been easy to bridge that gap and turn it into a kiss, but it would probably have been too soon. Tony seemed to feel that way, too; he stayed still and didn't try. The look on his face was awestruck, like he'd just been offered a second chance at life that he'd never expected.
There was a dinosaurian hiss from somewhere across the room, and Tony got back to his feet and turned around just in time to see Rumlow aiming a kick between the bars of another cell. Tony didn't catch sight of the victim, just heard the thwack of Rumlow's boot connecting with something, a pained yelp, and the following thump of a body slumping to the ground.
"Oh, it's just that when he was around earlier, he was also asking about the people who were at the party, and he seemed quite agitated about it. I got the impression that he knew something about what might be going on, but he refused to tell me." Jan let out an angry huff. "It's my house that got burned. If he knows what's behind it, I think I deserve to know."
"Of course you'd say that." Tony looked away, resting his head against the wall. "We'll escape together. Then you'll die. Or maybe you'll turn on me and kill me. Not sure which variation this is going to be, yet."
The FDNY's investigation had concluded that the fire had most likely started from a curtain, and there had been candles close by. As explanations went, it seemed far-fetched to Tony that seeing a mundane incident like that would've been enough to awake the fiery thing inside him. It wasn't impossible, but the simpler explanation was that he'd set that curtain on fire himself. Unfortunately, they had no good eyewitness accounts, and since Tony himself had no recollection of what had happened, he'd probably never know the truth.
"How stupid do you think I am?" Hammer cried out, then yelped as a chair next to him burst out in flames.
Getting out of bed, Steve still felt slightly woozy, but it passed as they walked across the apartment to the bathroom. In fact, he realized that any trace of the earlier lack of coordination, that perception of a lag between his mind and his frame, was completely gone. He felt settled in, far better than he'd been before. That was good, considering tomorrow.
"He's locked himself in his workshop. I can't get through to him," Rhodes said urgently, in place of a greeting. "It's not like it's the first time ever he's done that, and maybe I'm overreacting, but—"
Steve went to bed with his mind still on Tony and the resistance, and it took him hours to finally slow down his thoughts enough to fall asleep.
The thirium reactor clicks back into place. It feels like a kick in the ribs, a jolt of pain worse than what Tony's felt so far, but then, it gets better. His heartbeat settles into a steady rhythm, he gulps in air, and his vision clears to focus on Steve's stunning features hovering above him.
"Oh, come on, it won't get much better than this. It's a decent-sized study in a respectable journal and all. Not easy to pull off when you've got a negative result," Tony pointed out.
His body felt so wrung out that he could barely find the energy to sit up. Steve made his way to the bedroom and lay down in the king-sized bed, but as tired as his body was, his mind wouldn't let him sleep.
It sounded like this might turn out to be an easy case; if this Hammer person was behind it, all Steve needed was to find definitive proof. "Is there any chance that these two attempts could've been by different people?"
Steve had forgotten about the curfew; it was only for levels below the 100th, so it hadn't affected him before now. That had to be the explanation for why the place was so quiet.
Randall blinked, his eyes losing the glassy look, and nodded at Steve. "Good, good. All your readings are in the green as well. Do you feel like you could stand?"
"You really did like me, in the past, didn't you," Tony said; a statement, not a question. His hand trailed over Steve's hipbone and then up to his stomach. "I hadn't realized that."
Steve leaned backwards, his hands on Tony's shoulders, bringing them face to face. "Come to bed with me, Tony. You know, not for sex. Just—come and lie down with me. Maybe I'd be able to sleep better. Maybe you would, too."
"I think that's a great idea," Steve said. "Besides, I think I know a few other people who'd like to help."
Being around Steve was a lot easier when he was in armor, so he tried to stick to that whenever he could. Scientists still hadn't managed to figure out how the effects between PINCS worked, and although the crackpots were name-dropping anything from quantum entanglement to gut microbes, the prevailing consensus among respectable biologists was that it involved some difficult to detect airborne molecules. Apparently, even if they were undetectable, the suit's air filtration managed to get rid of them for him. Being in a room with Steve as Iron Man, Tony could convince himself he'd gotten over it and moved on with his life.
Stane's reluctance to contact SHIELD and admit to them that he'd failed to deal with Tony had been one of their main advantages. Now that he practically had a finger on the trigger, they'd lost that advantage—unless they changed their approach.
"Me?" Natasha chuckled aloud, clearly taken by surprise. "Do you really need to ask? I have dozens of reasons not to. Have you, then? Or thinking about doing it?"
The most exciting thing to happen on the Plains was running into a small group of locals on the fifth day. They were also on foot, with rucksacks that seemed nearly as heavy as Steve's, and just like Natasha had promised, the encounter didn't give them any trouble. She greeted the travelers in a dialect of Dinotopian so different from what Steve knew that he could barely understand half of it, and once again, he was immensely grateful that she was with them. After they were done exchanging pleasantries, each group continued on their way.
He finished toweling himself off and picked up his clothes from where he'd left them last night, partly on the floor, partly draped over the chair. Just the act of getting dressed almost felt like putting up a wall between himself and Tony, moving away from the intimacy and that feeling of honesty that had somehow been there, even if it had been layered with lies and omissions. Even though it was just a suit and not his costume, it almost felt as if he were transforming from Steve Rogers into Captain America.
Steve pulled back his hand. "I'm not him, or some simulation set up by him. I don't want you to tell me anything. I'm going to tell you something, instead. I'll tell you about our last night together before Hydra killed me."
He didn't feel at all mentally prepared when they stopped in front of an unmarked door and the receptionist called out, "Mr. Stark? I have a Mr. Rogers here to see you."
He sits down and stares at his hands. There's dirt and grass on them, and scratches and abrasions underneath. He can see blood, but he doesn't feel any of it; it's like he's looking at someone else's hands.
With the reminder of the world outside, the memory of Steve's conversation with Peggy came rushing back, and suddenly he felt foolish for having spent so much time just having fun. The lingering afterglow was entirely gone.
Maybe if he climbed to the top of this hill, he could spot Steve, or figure out which way he needs to go.
"Of course you didn't. Now you do." Tony smoothed down his shirts, covering himself. "The point I'm making here is, this frame doesn't have a lot of mileage left. A few years, at most, if I'm very lucky. There's only so much damage and stress an aging organic body with a jury-rigged heart can handle. If I take Stane down soon, there's a chance I'll be able to do some good, fix some of my mistakes, and put up a fight against Hydra. If I fail, well, I'll die, and no one will ever know that the asshole running SI isn't me."
"If you insist," Tony said, giving Steve's fingers a pat before he returned his hand to his lap. "Okay, so, it was four years after the Andes, when we had already seen our fair share of adventures, and had a proper team working for Marvels. We often hired some locals as well, since there's no substitute for their know-how. That trip, hiking through the Amazon rainforest, we had a guide called Juan, a cheerful fellow who swore he knew the best way to this temple we were looking for. He also brought a couple of his friends along. One of them, Cauac, seemed suspicious from the start. He didn't really talk to anyone, just scowled, and would often disappear for hours on end without warning, never explaining where he'd been afterwards. Not that he spoke any English—or so we thought.
He's colder than he's ever been, so cold that he's lost all feeling in his fingers and toes, and his arms and legs are stiff and numb. It's like he's stuck in nonfunctional armor, lugging around its heavy weight, except that this useless suit is made of flesh and bone.
Steve found himself laughing too; a deep, grating sound in this frame, as if it hadn't been meant to do that. "I think it'd take more than a rough ride to break me."
Still, right now, the truth was that Steve was tired, in pain, and more than a little unnerved—and he knew that Tony knew, and that was fine. He wasn't going to deny it.
Tony leaned into the touch for half a minute, then straightened up again, visibly pulling himself together. “So, now, will you help me over to the cockpit, before the Spy Kids break something?”
In a moment of drunken clarity, it crossed Tony's mind that there was a chance Steve had already handed out a sample for amoromics at some point. Even if he hadn't wanted a soulmate back in the forties, maybe he'd changed his mind. Tony hadn't asked him about that, either.
"I think that ship sailed a long time ago. Vanished past the horizon. Probably sank as well," Tony said, his voice harsh. The contradiction between that and what Steve thought Tony felt still remained, the regret lingering in the spaces between his words and in the shaky breath he drew afterwards.
Steve wanted to tell Tony not to go; to insist that it was obviously a trap, and that surely Tony must realize that, too. Suggest to him that he should run away and hide and stay safe, as much as Steve knew he'd never do that himself, if he were in Tony's shoes. He couldn't say these things, of course, not without revealing that he'd listened in on the call.
Well, as long as it didn't land him back in storage—and Steve didn't think some minor damage to a cab would. He wasn't going to stop and worry about that.
He should've made contingencies. He'd put too much faith in his ability to win James over. He had thought he could count on the charisma that had been so central to his career, and it had let him down worse than ever. Perhaps he'd lost it over the years he'd spent as a recluse among Dinotopians, with only his close friends as company.
"For starters, it's a lunch meeting, not a firing squad. Lighten up." Tony nudged him on the bicep as they walked towards the waiting limo. "I've made sure you've got a seat by my side. The place is called the 201. It's very nice, top floor, five stars on every ranking worth mentioning, ten-year waiting list for regular customers."
When he wasn't around Tony, he kept thinking he'd like to be, but when they were in the same place, he felt oddly restless and anxious, like he couldn't wait to get away—even if he simultaneously wanted to be there. It would've been difficult to explain to someone else. It was as if there were two layers to his feelings, separate but merging together into one confusing tangle, so that he couldn't tell where one ended and the other began. On top of that, Steve got the impression that Tony was actively avoiding any situation where it'd just be the two of them alone. He wondered if anyone else noticed it. On the surface, Tony was his regular self, after all, charming and abrasive at the same time.
Steve struggles to get a fire going without supplies. Creating a spark is not the issue; his enhanced strength makes that part easy, as long as he has a few dry sticks. But with the unfamiliar plant life around him, finding the right materials for tinder, kindling and firewood takes far too long. Everything is slightly moist with dew, and the bushes that are the closest thing to a forest here have such thin branches that most of them won't burn for longer than a few minutes.
"You don't need to that, really, but thank you," Tony told her. He switched to the common tongue as he went on, to make sure Bucky understood. "As for whether I'm a good man—there's something I've been thinking about. Maybe it's time for Iron Man to take an active role in this conflict. We freed the dinosaurs from Crabb Castle, but who knows how many other prisoners are out there? We should help them, if we can."
Tapio replies by motioning at the lake and pronouncing an entirely incomprehensible word that must be its name. "I can show on the map," he adds.
"Of course it won't. I'm going to miss him. And you're going to miss me. There will be lots of manful tears." Tony kept his voice breezy and casual. He was very good at that; he could do it even though Steve's words had stung like he'd just stabbed Tony in the gut.
Maybe the best thing for now would be for Steve to stick to his original plan and spend some time with Tony. Even if he couldn't tell Tony about the conversation he'd had, he might still be able to get some useful information. Of course, there was also the possibility that Tony himself was involved—but that seemed extremely unlikely. Steve knew he wasn't the least interested in politics. He found it tedious, like most of the things that his father considered important.
Steve makes his way up the next hill in front of him to get a better impression of the lay of the land. From the top, he sees, as he'd already assumed, that the wilderness stretches on into the horizon in every direction. He can't see any houses or any other signs of human activity. He does see several rivers and small lakes, so at least finding water won't be a problem. Food might be more of an issue, but he can keep going for some time before he needs to worry about that. Above all else, the main challenge will be finding his way back to civilization, and then to his team, without getting caught.
Bucky left Tony sitting against the wall at the last corner before the Vault entrance, Seren keeping him company. The relief of being off his feet threatened his resolve to keep going. He wanted so badly to stop struggling, give in to the darkness at the edges of his vision and rest.
"In trouble, are we?" the woman asked, her lips curling to a smirk—no doubt enjoying the sight of someone from up top in a tight spot.
Steve woke up, and even though his body was healed again, the memory of what he'd been through lingered. His heart was racing, and he was breathing too fast; he was shivering, skittish like a cornered animal. That was all he was, in the end. Too much pain, and there wouldn't be anything left but the most primitive instincts.
It turned out that conflict in the North was more recent than Steve had assumed: the dissidents who were now known as Northerners had split off from the Dinotopian society less than fifty years ago. The more peaceful inhabitants of the area had migrated to the towns south of the Plains, leaving behind many abandoned villages. They were now ghost towns, since even with the occasional malcontents heading up north to join the others, there weren't enough Northerners to populate the whole area.
Unfortunately, Kamski's poker face is so good that his reaction reveals nothing. He looks mildly curious, if anything. "Hm. That's unusual. What kind of specs are we talking about? Can you tell me the serial number?"
"Of course you do." Steve moved his other hand to Tony's back to pull him closer and into another kiss, first on the lips, then, playfully and sloppily, on Tony's cheeks and chin. Tony smiled, but stayed still, as if partly lost in thought, so Steve stopped and let go of him, giving him space.
Bucky was cornered against the parapet, facing three enemies, one of them pointing a blaster at him. Before Steve had time to move more than a few steps in their direction, the thug fired, catching Bucky in the chest point-blank.
"Since I was still stuck in bed, I had a lot of time to think, and I kept working on ways to improve the design. The second version was small enough that I could carry it around in a backpack. Through many rounds of trial and error and occasional setbacks that left me at death's door, it became the device that's currently implanted in my chest. It's not a perfect solution, but it works. Despite the years I've spent searching all corners of the world, I haven't found anything better. Now that I've got a power source that should last for the rest of my life, I've come to accept that this is how I'll spend it, however long it ends up being.
Tony, for one, didn't seem too worried, but returned the toast. "And to yours. If you'd like to keep it, try to hold back the murderous urges tonight."
Tony's other personal assistant, Natalie Rushman, showed up half a minute later. She was also a pretty redhead. Maybe Tony had a type, these years. One that definitely wasn't anything like Steve. She took Steve to the apartment set up for him. Tony hadn't exaggerated when he'd called it a floor: it really was the entire 194th, far higher than any place Steve had ever lived in. She offered to take Steve around the place, but he assured her he'd rather be on his own. After double-checking that there wasn't anything else he might need, she left.
"No, Tony, wait," Steve said, getting up as well. "Look. It's not like that. I've just got a lot on my mind right now, okay? This isn't a good time for this conversation. Tomorrow's mission is kind of important." That was a white lie; there shouldn't be anything special about it, except that after Peggy's warning, it seemed like there might be. "Any chance I could take a rain check on this conversation and get back to you later? Maybe when I'm back in my own body?"
Steve tensed his cheek muscles to open the line and speak up to everyone. "Over to you then, Team Two."
They'd almost made it through the complex to the garage when they ran into someone who did recognize Steve, even in this new frame—unsurprisingly so, since she was the one who had briefed him.
"Sure. There was all this stuff about shafts and pistons and nuts and lubrication," Tony quipped in kind. Still sitting on the floor, he ran his fingers gently and tentatively along Steve's spent cock, as if he were seeing it for the first time again. When he went on, his tone was more serious. "So, you're feeling all right, still?"
All he got for his troubles was a bruised shoulder. He might've as well been trying to push against the stone wall itself. It would take an actual battering ram to get through.
Steve reached up to turn off the shower, then sat back down on the floor again. He knew he was a mess, his skin dripping wet, his hair plastered against his head because he hadn't actually washed it. His eyes probably looked like he'd been in tears. He tucked his knees up to his chest and his arms around them, facing away from the door.
He'd done all of this before. He'd spent years of his life running from bad guys through jungles and deserts and over mountains. He could do this. He just needed to lose his captors in the green. He'd worry about being stranded in tyrannosaur territory after that.
"Not as such, no," Steve replies right away, without a hint of prevarication. "I suppose I'm a gift, for some reason or the other. He did say you're friends."
"If you stop and think about this story of yours, it's obvious what must be going on," the Mayor pointed out. "Of course he's planning on fleeing, one way or the other. What else could this be?"
Natasha glanced at Pepper, her lips curling into a small smile. "You don't need to protect me, dear. I'm fine with this," she told her, then turned to face the rest of the group again. "Like most of you, I wasn't born on this island. But unlike all of you, when I first crawled up onto the shores of Dinotopia, it was on the north coast."
The drones had reached Steve's sides. One of them had pincers at the ends of its arms instead of cannons, and it closed them around Steve's biceps. The other merely pointed a cannon at Steve's face. Steve tried to squirm in the hold, but it was like fighting solid rock. He was no match to a drone's strength in an organic frame, no matter how enhanced.
It occurred to him that he couldn't be sure this had worked until he met Steve again. He'd have to set something up. An experiment. He'd need to find out.
Tony slept a little better that night, curled up in a wool blanket that was twice as thick as the ones he'd had before. It wasn't going to get him out of here, but it was a start.
There are a few potential explanations Tony has come up with. It could be that this was a very early prototype that never got a model designation, although he'd expect even those to get one, or it might be a custom job, built only once, but again, that also seems unlikely. The third alternative is that it was a confidential military project. Considering the details of the android, he thinks that's the most likely option. It's also one that Kamski is unlikely to admit right away.
Since Steve was the best trained at first aid, the task of seeing to Rhodey's injuries had fallen to him, which left Pepper and Happy struggling to get him out of the armor. Normally, it would release automatically, Rhodey had told them, but the mechanism had been fused by the hits he'd taken, leaving them with no choice but a slow manual process.
It was definitely looking more and more like this trap had something to do with Maya, beyond the fact that her name had been on that note—how else would these thugs even know about the expedition? It hadn't exactly been front page news. But somehow, they'd gotten it wrong. Tony hadn't brought as much as a fragment of an artifact home with him. They'd left the cavern with the Fountain in ruins; it had very nearly become Tony's grave. No one would be able to get anything out of there without a massive digging operation, if even then, and that was for the best.
The first of the two men was just reaching for the handle of the door leading to the alley, the second one close behind him. Steve pushed aside the second man, slamming him into the wall, and managed to grab the first one by the jacket before he could open the door. The second man recovered quickly and started to raise a pistol, but Steve used his free hand to knock it aside so fast that the man dropped it, his eyes going comically wide in shock. When he tried to retreat instead, Steve hooked a foot around his ankle, making him stumble. The first man, whose jacket Steve was still holding, was attempting to wriggle away. Steve yanked on it forcefully and ducked next to the second man, bringing them both down with him.
He found himself pinned to the wall, with Tony's face so close to his that their noses almost touched. Tony slid his other hand to the back of Steve's neck, his fingers pressed firmly against his skin. They were very warm.
"For the record, I don't hate you," Tony says, not directly responding to Steve's apology. As he goes on, it's in that uncharacteristically hesitant, contemplative tone, which must be more than just a result of how tired he is. "You know, some of the last lucid thoughts I remember—not counting that very unexpected speech of yours—were about you. When I was lost in the rain, I was wondering where you were, and kept thinking that I should try to find you. That's why I called out."
"Well, what do you think?" Tony asked, loosening his hold, his hands resting on Steve's arms, his eyes going from Steve's face to his body. "Cost almost as much as a proper clone, but well worth it, I think. All the latest enhancements. You'd be hard-pressed to find anyone with an organic fake stronger or faster than yours."
He could feel a tear sliding down his face and absently wondered what Bucky would make of all this. Not that it mattered.
The wait to regain control over his body feels endless. During that time, for reasons he doesn't stop to explain, Steve carries Obie out of the room and upstairs. Tony expects him to call in the cavalry—the police, or at least Rhodey or Happy—but he doesn't hear Steve do that. He could do it wirelessly as well, but since no one arrives during the time Tony spends stuck on the couch, it doesn't seem like he has.
"Probably, but I'm used to that," Tony replied, now aiming his words at Steve again, with another of those almost-smiles.
More scientific articles soon followed the first one, confirming the finding: it was an irrefutable fact that there were pairs of people in the world who had repeated shared strings of nucleotides in their genomes that no one else had. Those same people also experienced this mysterious, but very much measurable, connection when they were in one another's presence. Since Persons with Identical Non-Coding Sequences was a mouthful, it morphed into PINCS. Tony was sure the scientist who had first come up with the original phrase cringed every time the cutesy acronym was used.
Steve waits for the nurse to say that they should turn around and come back later, but instead, she walks up to Tony's bed and addresses him in a hushed tone. "Mr. Stark? There's someone here to see you."
Whether or not Tony managed to convince James that the Northerners were not the more humane side of this conflict, he would absolutely have to be able to talk James into taking him outside. He needed to be sure he was working with a full charge, or his escape attempt might end up being embarrassingly short, but he was stuck at an impasse. He wouldn't be allowed to leave the dungeons without showing his captors some functioning technology—and he wouldn't be able to do that without wasting even more of his remaining charge, not to mention taking the risk that the Northerners might figure out that the key to their power source problem was buried in his chest.
He wasn't going to protest against a rescue, even if it was by a wholly unexpected party. Cautiously, he placed his bare feet on the floor and pushed himself off the chair, but his legs wouldn't hold his weight. He ended up on his hands and knees, the room spinning around him, his headache spiking again. He squeezed his eyes closed and breathed through his nose, trying to keep the nausea at bay.
A child's story was one thing, but two people saying the same thing—and a man on fire, again, exactly the same as at Jan's party—confirmed without a doubt that this was related.
When the guilt gets really bad, he can't even distract himself with the armor, because he's only around to tinker with the armor thanks to the damn android.
Tony sat down opposite to Rhodey and waved at the waitress for coffee. "I know you're interested, no point in pretending otherwise."
"Hello again," Steve says assertively, walking until he's right next to Tapio to catch his full attention. "Sorry to bother you, but I need your help. It's an emergency."
"I believe the current terminology is pincs," Fury said, his expression as difficult to interpret as always. "But yes, so it seems. A dream come true for the romantics, great business for the biotech companies, and a nightmare for those worried about privacy and an individual's rights to their genetic information."
Probably more thanks to the medical team than Steve's actions, Tony had survived the aftermath of the rescue operation. He hadn't fully woken up at any stage of it. Steve had surfaced from VR just in time to see Tony open his eyes, his expression frightened and confused, only to pass out again.
"Exactly," Happy Hogan said. He was standing a few meters away from the table, looking like a stereotypical bodyguard, his arms crossed and his expression glum.
"It's pretty good." Steve licked at his lips; the designer receptors on them were so sensitive that he could taste a trace of the coffee Tony must've drunk before he'd come here. "But it's also different. I can definitely tell."
This time, it was Mona who spoke up, a stormy look on her face. "You haven't seen their cities and don't know how they run their regime. They're in charge of everything, and humans have to obey their every whim," she explained.
"I can't. I'm sorry, Steve, but that's the way it is," Sam confirmed. "Redwing will do almost anything if I ask nicely, but not this."
Ignoring the morning wood, Tony propped himself on his elbow, admiring Steve's features in the dim light filtering through the tent canvas. Relaxed in sleep, all lines smoothed out, Steve looked barely older than a teenager, even though he wasn't even a decade younger than Tony. Many people might not appreciate his delicate looks, but to Tony, he was truly beautiful.
"If you're about to blame us for sitting on our asses for all that time, you can just keep your mouth shut," Fury interrupted him, raising his voice for the first time during the conversation. "You don't know the things we've been through, or how much it took for us to get where we are today."
Tony's friends took turns meeting him in VR, but none of them came back with his decision on what his next frame would be. That was okay, Steve told himself. There was no rush. He could understand that Tony would be hesitant and unnerved by the whole thing, while being in VR without a frame clearly didn't trouble him too much. They weren't in a hurry anymore; Tony would be fine as he was, indefinitely. With Dr. Cho's cooperation, Rhodey had even been able to bring Jarvis in and set up extra firewalls to make sure Tony was protected from any attempts to wipe him.
Tony shook his head again and made a weak, dismissive wave with one hand. "Yeah, that was one scenario. I really liked that one. Alas, it wasn't real, either." The wistful expression that flashed across his face was heartbreaking.
Rushing into action again, avoiding the thoughts of what Tony might say if he were conscious, Steve starts working off his soaked clothes. He's as gentle as he can while doing it—not just out of respect, but because he knows any unnecessary jostling of hypothermia victims is to be avoided.
Steve couldn't contain himself for long enough to get a permission to speak from the lady chairing the meeting. He leaned over the table, glaring at the man. "Because there are people in this room who actually know him! He may have had his struggles, but he loves this place and its people, human and saurian alike. He'd never join some bunch of thugs who want to harm dinosaurs!"
He was tense all over with the anticipation. He stretched out his legs in front of him, making his hardening cock much more visible. If Iron Man had had any doubts about what Steve expected, that should make it quite clear.
Tony wrapped both arms around Steve, pulling him closer, clinging to him like his life depended on it. Steve didn't want to land on top of him, so he kept one elbow on the bed to balance himself, and placed the other hand behind Tony's neck, running his thumb over the coarse bristles of Tony's beard.
A prototype, like Tony had already suspected. It doesn't explain how Steve's counterpart ended up in that cave in the Altai mountains, though. "Do you know what happened to them?"
That took Steve by surprise, again. "Oh, maybe that's it. You look remarkably like him," he said quickly, trying to cover it. "I'm Steve." He held out his hand.
Placing someone in VR when they didn't have a body was always an emergency measure, typically in association with a criminal investigation—like what Steve had been through after his most recent frame death—or a medical crisis. People considered it off-putting in the same way as being placed in a cheap synthetic fake, except that it was even worse. To be human was to have a body. If you were conscious without one, it was almost as if you were nothing but an elaborate AI. It was different from a regular VR experience, too; as Steve himself had found out, incorporeally gained memories felt less concrete and more distant than regular ones. There was probably some technical explanation for that.
He grabbed hold of the seat cushion and yanked. It came off without too much force, revealing a compartment with the pack beneath. Almost too easy. Grinning victoriously, he pried it out of its niche. It was about a quarter of the size that he was used to, but since it was an emergency device, its design would have to be foolproof. Sure enough, there was a bright orange pull cord marked "activate" on one shoulder strap.
"You are angry with me, though," Tony said, his shoulders slumping even more. "Look, the curfew will be over in an hour. If you want to go, the door's that way." He motioned towards the far end of the room. "There's a closet with some clothes in the bedroom. Might take some trial and error, but I'm sure there's something there that'll fit you."
Maybe they'd faked it. Wouldn't be impossible to do. Fraud happened even on the highest tiers of research. Then again, this must've been scrutinized to the max, for the scientists to get it published in one of the most prestigious journals out there.
Unable to lie still with the weight of this realization, Steve got up from his bed and stepped past the privacy curtain to the room beyond. There was another curtained-off bed close to his. Holding his breath, he pushed aside the fabric to take a peek, and as he’d expected, found Tony. He seemed fast asleep, his face perfectly relaxed.
"Only the truth for you, from now on," Tony promised solemnly. "Cross my heart. Both flesh and metal."
He must've heard it wrong. Besides, even if he hadn't, it didn't have to mean anything. Steve wasn't an uncommon name. He hadn't met any Steves or Stevens or Stephans in Crabb Castle, but surely, there had to be many people with a similar name on the island.
Tony considered lying down. It was an inviting prospect. He was tired beyond words. Everything felt leaden: his limbs, his thoughts, his heartbeat, the very air in his lungs. He knew from experience, though, from decades ago when he'd last been this badly off, that being horizontal wouldn't help. On the contrary, it would make breathing even more difficult. He grabbed his blankets and tried to find a comfortable position sitting in the corner instead, with the thick quilt over his shoulders and the thinner ones wrapped around his legs.
"If you're expecting a 'thank you,' you're out of luck." Tony glances at the surroundings past Steve. It's a serene highland view: nothing but grass-covered hills, low bushes, and a rock here and there. Not a single sign of civilization to be seen. "Some rescue, by the looks of it. Do you even know where we are?"
Not that Steve hadn't felt bad, anyway. He had plenty of regrets. If they really were soulmates—if he could go back and do things differently—but he couldn't. It was useless to think about what he hadn't done, because he couldn't change it. He'd just have to work with what he'd got.
Steve tilted his head backwards, exposing his neck more, and Tony replaced his fingers with his lips, sucking at Steve's throat eagerly. Again, the actual sensation was less intense than it might've in some other frame, but Tony's enthusiasm more than made up for that.
He wanted to storm out of the room, too, but he knew that he'd probably end up on the floor if he got up too fast. He didn't have anywhere to go, anyway. The curfew was still in effect outside.
It took strength of will for Steve to turn his attention away from Tony long enough to finish undressing himself, but it needed to be done. He left his boots on the floor by the chair where they'd placed his shirt, and draped his pants over it. It came to him in a pang of guilt that he'd forgotten his gloves outside earlier, but there was no way he was going back for them now. Not when Tony, propped up on his elbows, was eyeing him with a hungry look that certainly set his insides ablaze.
He got lucky in that his captors didn't realize that his broken glasses weren't just glasses. They took everything else he had on his person, including his watch, which unfortunately looked more obviously electronic than the glasses.
He started guiding Steve through the test exercises. If Steve hadn't done this dozens and dozens of times, he might've found it silly; the test battery resembled some crude dance choreography, with moves like running in place, stretching out his arms, touching his nose and reaching for his toes. Randall's checklist was slightly different from what Steve was used to, but he still fell into the routine without needing to actively focus on it.
He caught Tony's lower lip between his, and then shifted downwards, pressing kisses on the soft, smooth skin of Tony's chin. Tony let go of his head so Steve could continue his path, his lips trailing along Tony's jawline, down his neck, between his collarbones. Steve brought his hands in as well, his fingers framing the path of his mouth, with just the lightest touches on Tony's shoulders, down his arms.
Steve does that thing where he squares his shoulders and lifts his chin, looking like he stepped straight out of a CyberLife commercial. It's almost as if his LED shines a little brighter. When he speaks, it's in the official, more machine-like voice that he reverts to when asked about his functions. "My skills include a variety of martial arts disciplines ranging from Brazilian jiu-jitsu to Wing Chun. I also know how to use most commonly available firearms, although legally I'm not allowed to carry any."
The truth was, of course, that he was only human, and sometimes things were too much. Those times, he withdrew, locked the doors and didn't let anyone see. Sometimes he cried.
The ceratopsian knelt to bring his riders closer to the ground. "I don't know. I don't think so," Bucky replied gravely. He grabbed Tony by the armpits and lowered him to Steve over the dinosaur's side.
Stane dropped what he'd been holding and pulled away from Steve, eyes wide. "What? I'm under SHIELD protection! They can't be here!"
Officially, Steve was a war correspondent—a war-time equivalent to Tony's chronicles for Marvels, translating his missions into rousing stories for the home front in words and pictures. But many of their missions were too important and too clandestine to be shared with the public, and unofficially, Steve reported directly to Fury, acting as his eyes and ears behind the enemy lines.
"It was not my first kiss since 1945. I'm ninety-five, not dead," Steve told Natasha, letting his eyes leave the road ahead for long enough to give her a sideways glance.
"So do I. As I said, he's not usually like this. He's got friends he knows he can trust. The only reason I can think of why he'd keep things from us is that he wants to protect us from whatever's going on."
Steve could see why Tony wouldn't want something so dangerous ending up in criminal hands, but he was surprised, and disappointed, that Tony would choose to use the artifact against his enemies in such a destructive way. And yet, he couldn't help wanting to give Tony the benefit of the doubt: maybe he'd had no choice. Maybe he'd only done those things when he'd been hopelessly cornered. Steve couldn't be sure until he heard Tony's side of the events.
"Shut up, scaly scum," Rumlow snarled in the Northerners' version of the lingua franca, then turned towards his young accomplice and, to Tony's astonishment, switched to flawless American English. "See, James? You just need to keep them in their place. It's not looking so scary now."
He has to get to that cabin. He's not a hundred percent sure of the correct heading anymore, but the weather being as it is, a gloomy early morning full of wind and rain, flying the kite is not an option. Climbing to higher ground is unlikely to provide a much better view, either, with all the mist and clouds. He has to go with his best guess.
Tony glanced at Steve and put an arm around his narrow waist. "No. I won't let that happen, no matter what. If it comes to that, you'll just have to disappear."
Steve glanced at the door leading to the bar and listened for a moment, but all he could hear was muffled music. No sign of anyone showing up to disturb them. He guessed brawls like this weren't uncommon at this fine establishment, and the owners were used to turning a blind eye.
He runs and leaps over rocks, making his way around one small hill and up a larger one. From the top of it, he has a view directly over the valley with the large lake that he spotted on the previous morning. Even with the rain and the low visibility, there's no mistaking what else is there: the rectangular shape he saw earlier is a little log cabin. He can't see any movement around it or anywhere in the valley. Still, even a small, abandoned hut in the wilderness is much better than what he's had so far.
He spent some more time combing the surroundings for additional evidence, but came up empty-handed. Twilight was setting in, the surroundings starting to grow dark. He decided he'd leave the rest of the crime scene investigation for the professionals.
Once detached, the component quickly shifts from orange to blue. It's not damaged. This really must be his lucky day.
He didn't know. He had no idea. But that's no excuse. He has to fix this. He's going to fix this. The armor will fly, he knows it, and he can easily add a small arsenal to it, because as much as he hates it, it's the truth that he's very good at building destructive things.
"If you let him go, I'll convince him and his friends to leave you alone, for good. I'll stay with you for as long as you want me to. If they ever forget their promise, I'll be around to remind them of it," Steve offered. He wasn't sure if he'd picked the right approach, or if this would get him anywhere at all, but he'd keep pushing. He could always change strategies later.
, although it was so skinny, its feathers so mangled and its skin so gray with exhaustion or illness, that Tony couldn't be entirely sure of that.
Steve was a restless sleeper, that much had become clear on the first nights they'd spent next to each other in their canvas shelter. He was slow to fall asleep, always shifting around, and he slept fitfully, making Tony suspect nightmares. It was another part of the mystery that was Steve; he'd never mentioned what was on his mind, not even when Tony tried to ask him directly, but it was obvious there were ghosts in his past. Not that Tony hadn't guessed he had a background more complicated than that of simply studying art, like he officially claimed. He showed definite talent with his sketches, but that certainly didn't explain why General Fury had recruited him.
From the chin down, like he'd already seen, his body was all solid muscle. But the face—it was as if someone had taken his own, original face and grafted it on a military frame. The nose was the same, and the cheeks, even if there was a little more meat on them. The eyes were his eyes. Even the hair was exactly right, and not just the color, but the cut as well. It was like a mockery of his old body.
Tony leaned closer, putting his arms around Steve's waist, standing on tiptoe so that their noses almost touched. "I was hoping you might help me with that, like you said, the last time we talked."
That was the first time Steve heard of Tony Stark. He was mildly curious, and looked him up online. Tony resembled Howard a lot, both in looks and in reputation. It seemed like he might've also inherited Howard's fascination with soulmates, since his company was now the market leader in genetic matchmaking.
Tony stepped in to place himself between Paola and the gun, arms spread wide. "I already said I'd come with you, but only if you keep your promise and leave the others alone," he warned the Northerners
By the time Pepper showed up, there was less booze in the bottle than there was in him, but he was still feeling embarrassingly shaken considering this was all brought on by a paper he'd read. He'd been through months of torture and been betrayed by his mentor, for crying out loud. He was seriously overreacting here. Still, it was what it was. He poured the remaining contents of the bottle into his glass and swirled them around.
While the Mayor's voice and expression were growing colder. "Perhaps for men like yourself who have sold their souls and serve the beasts."
"Just whatever you've got on tap. The regular alcoholic kind. No extras," Steve specified. He had no idea what other intoxicants were currently popular, but he supposed the oldest one would never go out of style.
Miss Potts had brought him a selection of clothes to pick from, and in fifteen minutes, he'd changed into a pair of black jeans and a blue button-down shirt that stretched tight over his enhanced muscles. They'd had his measurements down to the fraction of a millimeter, and Tony had clearly made use of that. Even the combat boots were perfectly fitted.
"Not in my time zone," Tony said. "The thing is, it doesn't matter what I think or what anyone thinks. If there was a soulmate gene, they would've found it in that study. They didn't. I'm sure there will be a couple more papers repeating that result, eventually, but they'll just say the same thing. There isn't one. End of story."
Rhodey takes Tony's android spare part life support in stride, once Tony manages to convince him that it's not going to explode. It's the easiest of the conversations Tony has on the topic; a prelude to challenges awaiting him.
He went on peeling off the rest of the garment. Tony was, in fact, wearing briefs, so he wasn't quite as naked as he'd been in Steve's dream. When he had the coveralls bunched up at Tony's ankles, he nudged Tony to sit down on the bed, so he could pull the fabric over his feet and onto the floor.
Bucky sat up straight in his chair again, looking frustrated and amused at the same time. "Well, aren't you being all mysterious today. Okay. Later. I'll hold you to that."
If Steve showed up right now, Tony would forget everything and fling himself at him. Anything to feel less chilled.
Once he finally reaches the door, he pushes it open with his shoulder, still holding on to Tony. The room inside is as empty as he left it; no hikers have shown up to shelter from the rain. The pleasantly warm temperature is welcome after the chill outside, even if it can't dispel the cold numbness deep in his gut.
Although his thoughts were decades away, Steve did actually make a quick tour of the apartment. It was a habit borne out of all his time with SHIELD: always know your surroundings so you're prepared for everything. He found a large bedroom, a wardrobe full of clothes in various styles, all of which would no doubt fit him perfectly, a kitchen with a fridge and cupboards stocked with food, a huge bathroom complete with a jacuzzi, a separate room with a VR getup, and finally, a private gym that was larger than the shared one on his floor had been, back in the day.
