"Of course I-” he began, then stopped. “No. I mean- I'm meant to watch you from afar," he reminded. "You are not supposed to know where I am, in order to keep us both safe."
"This is a surgical scar, from a scalpel," he announced. "Did he always draw blood from the same place, that you remember?"
"Good," Watson said, his voice both full of praise and relief that at the very least, Holmes' mind still seemed to be functioning. "Knowing you of course, people won't be surprised to see you out and about in a week or two with a cane and a limp."
“Righteousness always has the advantage over evil, Mister Holmes.”
But it was done now and he emerged from the underbelly of the city like Orpheus ascending the stair, letting himself be pulled along by the distant thrum in the back of his mind; a steady rhythm that guided him through the restless city, pulsing in time to the beating of a heart that was now far dearer to him than his own.
be upset with you, given your present state?"
Watson nodded. "I know my safety is hardly your concern," he continued, "but you shouldn't worry about it either way; I am well protected. This case is entirely about exposing the machinations of others."
“No”, he says, “does that surprise you?”
Sherlock takes another small step back. John moves forward with him. Behind him only a couple of inches separate his still clean shirt from the wet, pristine paint and at his front there are only inches between himself and John's sturdy, and very naked, upper body.
How can he say no to John when even in his texts he's being utterly adorable.
Why are these boys so complicated?
There was no one.
'That's my favorite blanket', he said wistfully as Mary was already maneuvering them towards the doors.
He misses his brother.....he misses John.....and he hasn't even lost him yet.....but he will....it's just a matter of time.
“Yet another thing you and elephants have in common.”
She actually gasps.
Bathed in golden light.
John swallows.
It was the sound of a familiar voice that made all his nerves come flooding back in.
“Watch it!”, the boy I'd, quite literally, run into says. His voice is not familiar. At least I don't know him. Thank God for that.
“Why?” It's probably none of his business and he won't blame John if he decides not to tell him but John answers quickly and with surprising honesty:
“Then give me something else to do”, Sherlock replies.
He looks at Finn but the elf just repeats Holmes' name over and over again.
We are inevitable, him and I.
It feels as if the small inn-room is a world of it's own.
“You called for me?”
That's sort of like your first ever attempt at drawing turning out to be the Mona Lisa.
He wasn't really expecting a reply so it came as quite a shock when one actually came.
If this truly is Morgana then he has no hopes of casting her out. She is far too powerful for that.
“I just wish I could hold you.......and kiss you......and.....”
“Loos”, he says, “I told him to stick to just pints in this place.......he had to get all adventurous and get a cocktail.....”
Even Mary had given him a wide berth ever since he had snapped at her that morning.
'You shouldn't have done it then', the words perhaps a little bit too bitter.
That would be less than ideal.
He's got some yeast samples he's been needing to check in on.
He had once again snuck away from under his father's watchful eyes to go out riding, but as sweat dripped into his eyes and his clothing stuck to his flesh he was starting to regret his truancy.
“Is everything alright, Lock?” he says.
John is still gloriously naked.
But I know it won't work. He will glide through my fingers like warm sand.
The last thing Sherlock remembers from that moment is John gently lowering him into the car and pulling his seatbelt around him.
And if you feel like leaving a comment: please do! I love hearing from you all.
He looks at the clock.
He had been so fixed on finding a white horse that he had failed to see what was right in front of him.
He will go during the evening meal. Mrs. Holmes and her daughters will all be downstairs and most of the staff will be busy waiting on them.
With it you found yourself anchored. Stuck in place. But once the bond broke, vulnerable and left adrift and completely at the mercy of the tides.
On his skin......his hand......Sherlock wants to.....
It seemed like only yesterday when he had first stepped onto Sherlock's meadow. The sun bright overhead. Warming him inside and out.
“And thank heavens for that. You are not easily frightened.”
On his neck....the hollow at the bottom of his throat.....
This had seemed like such a good plan. Was it a good plan? Sherlock had told him he didn't go out, hadn't he...but it was just coffee....everybody liked coffee.....right....
I shake my head.
He bites his lower lip and then touches it with his finger.
“Took you long enough.”
“That's very kind of you but I'll be alright.”
He flinches and for a moment I think I've misjudged the situation entirely but then I notice the dark colouring beneath my fingers. I let him go and slide down the sleeve on his right arm gently to reveal his wrist.
“He said that to you?”
Sherlock drinks his coffee black with two sugars.
It sounds casual enough.
For himself.
The memories are fading fast. Like vapor.
fine. It's all fine. He's not mad at John. If anything he likes John even more now. His bumbling through Shakespeare is utterly endearing. How flustered he feels after thinking he has offended Sherlock is nothing but charming and Sherlock feels himself falling head over heels in love with this blond haired, blue eyed, rugby champion again.
“You haven't lost me”, he whispers back to the darkness around them.
'As long as she had power over me I cannot leave this field except under her bidding.'
Apparently he is still there because his now sweaty fingers soon make contact with Holmes' arm and grab onto it desperately.
Obviously not the right answer to the question he has asked.
Wallace's eyes roamed over his bare legs appreciatively and John realized just a little bit too late that sitting cross-legged, while being a good position to be reading in, left not a whole lot to the imagination when you're wearing a kilt.
Sherlock finds himself following readily.
Sometimes, when they finally close the door to John's bedroom behind them after a long day at school, John will crowd him up against it and mash their lips together.
And then she sees herself.
'Handy in a fight and he can patch you up when you get hurt.'
Mycroft will return then.
“I'm so sorry”, he says.
There are two police cars with flashing lights on either side of a house in the middle of the street. For a moment John has a flashback to that night a couple months ago.
Once again he reminded John of a wild fairy-prince.
Now Sherlock had the memory hidden deep within. In a room without doors or windows and he never went there anymore.
And Watson most certainly has. In more ways than he ever could have imagined.
Master Holmes.
The curve of his nose. His jawline. The slight stubble on his chin. The soft curve of his lips.
A dark unsettling feeling that oozed and leaked through the barrier that contained him.
John coughs just to break the tension and his train of thought both at the same time.
John hoists himself to his feet too, albeit a lot less elegantly than Holmes had done.
That night........it changed Sherlock's life forever.
No one does.
I wait impatiently for Molly to arrive.
John couldn't help but laugh as she beamed at him. 'I'm  just relieved I'm not in trouble' he said.
John just shook his head.
I don't end my sentence. It is the truth but only the half of it. I'll leave Patrick to draw his own conclusion.
John had looked at Sherlock questioningly.
Bill let's out a relieved sigh.
“I beg to differ”, Holmes says.
About everything.
At first the memories had been erratic, out of order, hard to make sense out of......but the more he concentrated on them and the more he tried....the more a somewhat understandable narrative resulted from them.
Or  maybe the thought is not his own. Maybe he isn't thinking at all.
'It depends on what you're asking of me...' John replied. Stepping away minutely.
The question Mycroft poses is careful and tentative and, honestly, Sherlock doesn't know. He doesn't know what he is to John or what John is to him and at the moment he finds it hard to think or come up with an answer that makes even the least amount of sense.
It had seemed like a good idea when I had stood in front of my bedroom mirror at home.
The smile on Holmes' face had been so fragile and sincere.....it had made him look so young.....as if all of this was new to him.
Once again Watson's face is relaxed and a thing of beauty.
“But.....you don't have to....”  he says.
My jeans and hands are dirty with sand, my face feels all swollen and puffy and my eyes gleam with the wetness of barely contained tears.
She casts her eyes down to the far from immaculate sheet underneath her hands and shakes her head.
This evening's events sure seem to have taken a lot out of the man.
Once they've had their final performance.
ps: I promise this story will have a happy end!
'I'll come and retrieve you first thing in the morning.'
“Hey, you.” John says.
of them.
He just figured that, if he was going to spend at least part of his day in close proximity of John Watson, he might as well try and look his best.
Holmes is made out of magic. It inhabits his veins, his lungs, every cell of his body radiates a power only barely kept at bay.
“I miss you”, he says finally.
He sure is going to be sad when it's over. But it will end sometime. That's a fact that can not be changed. Either it will end after they perform the play for the entire school......or when John and Molly get together and John will have no more need of him.
From the corner of his eye he thinks he sees the wing of a bird but when he looks again it's just a branch moving in the increasing wind.
Rather reluctantly it seemed.
Snuff out everything that is warm and bright and living until only darkness and death remain.
Evening is falling and the ball will start soon.
Sherlock wants to blame Bill. Desperately so. Wants to blame him, sentence him and dole out punishment. But there's also a part of him that understands. That knows what it's like to be around John. To be in love with John. He comes to the conclusion that, if put in the same situation......he himself might have acted pretty similarly.
His heat was very close.
He will keep Watson safe at all costs.
“Wha....?” She says. Hand still in her bag. Seemingly frozen in place.
At his back John is pressed up against him. This bed was not designed for two people but if they lay like this they can just make it work.
Holmes reply is preceded by a snort.
Uncomplicated.
“Oh no.....”
*****************************
John's heart skipped a beat.
An update? On this story?
'Get me? What for?'
And John was here.
Sherlock had protested that, during a thunderstorm, you should definitely not be near a large body of water or a large tree but the thunder and lightning had remained in the distance and had soon moved away entirely, leaving them with nothing but the rainstorm and a gloomy sky.
He thinks he does.
John still looks so apologetic. With every passing second Sherlock is more and more sure that this might be the last he'll ever see of him.
“Wait!”, John said. A little bit too loud and for a moment he was afraid his mother would come barging in. But when after a tense moment of silence nothing of the sort happened he just got up and placed himself in  between Sherlock and the window he was, no doubt, planning to climb out again.
Can magic even be defined?
And that most definitely was a question.
“Oh Sherlock....”
“Nobody is always alright.”
Maybe tonight...this....is all he'll get......all he'll have.....
On the count of three they lift him and start carrying him out of the bedroom.
Holmes' smile turns into an actual, honest laugh and John swears that, just for a moment, the candles around them burn a little bit brighter.
She really hopes the King will let her eat him eventually. She's always thought he looked tasty.
By now it has gotten so late that the sun is starting to set.
I might actually be dying.
She is waiting for Holmes.
He doubts he'll ever will again.
Sherlock hooks his fingers in the belt-loops of John's jeans and pulls him closer still.
And so he had told him everything he had dared to tell him. Everything he, at that point, had still deemed safe.
And before Sherlock is able to reply John is already standing up, his chair screeches harshly across the floor as he pushes it back a little bit too violently. The sound of it pierces Sherlock's ears and mind like rusty knives.
Well....”sleeping” alpha anyway.
Maybe he should try and flirt with the girl. Just to prove a point.
“Why didn't you stay?”, John finally asks.
'Are you cold?' Holmes asked.
Sebastian is right though. Now that Sherlock is no longer helping him with his work he is almost guaranteed to fail his next test and get taken off of the rugby team as a result.
But how did one make an ally? Or a friend for that matter?
Has become wrong.
Sherlock had already known about this.
“Of course you don't belong here”, he says, “you're far too good for these people.”
“Neither are you, Sherlock”, John says, “neither are you.”
The sky is gray and the windows and streets are wet.
It means a lot to me.
Detective Lestrade shakes his head and laughs, the sound is hearty and light and it matches his tan, he's about to say something more but just as he opens his mouth someone from inside the house calls his name.
Most of the time though, Watson did his very best to be as unassuming as he possibly could. Sherlock hardly ever saw him around the other staff members and when there was something even remotely exciting going on Watson kept himself far from it. Only when excitement literally fell into his lap did he act upon it. Sherlock had no idea why the man did his very best to seem so invisible. In those few moments in the dark where Watson had looked him over for wounds oh so gently, had washed him down with a steady hand and had carried him to bed with an unwavering strength and determination he had seemed more like himself, more in his element and more at ease than at any other moment where  Sherlock had observed him since.
Of course it was Mary who finally got him to agree to come in the end.
“Stop your moping.....You'll see him tomorrow”, Mycroft had said.
Maybe I do understand him a little bit after all.
The first rider that moved into the moonlit clearing rode a black horse.
“Deal”, Sherlock says.
John would prefer sitting with Sherlock above sitting with his friends even.
He'd drunk coffee then.
The night is dark, quiet and peaceful.
At this point John and I are both presentable and dressed again.
“A servant to whom?” Sherlock asks.
He took as much paracetamol and cough medicine as he dared and reluctantly sipped on the soup his mother brought him. Wincing as it burned his sore throat as it went down.
That was doubtlessly true. It was a terrible scandal, and the inspector would have been harried ceaselessly by his superiors over the matter. “Then we must start with the man who was kept prisoner in the room upstairs.”
“That is the central point.” There was a good deal more that could be said, but talking required effort, and what energy he had left must be used sparingly.
Watson tried to work out whether that made him feel better or worse. "I'm a
“We have a good deal of information here about thrall,” Mycroft began as Holmes took a chair opposite him. “The chief of it can be distilled in the three books before you.” Two of the books were printed, and one of them so old the pages were darkened and brittle with age. The third was a hand written manuscript of vellum, penned in French.
Holmes sniffed, feigning offense. "If you believe me to be so dishonest perhaps you should remove me from the investigation."
But Holmes dismissed that with a flick of his fingers. "By train a man is no more than a day’s ride from anywhere in the Isle," he pointed out. After a brief stretch of silence he sighed and shifted on the settee. "I must speak with Mycroft," he said, and Watson blinked in surprise.
"I do not know," Holmes answered honestly. "It seems he lived rather quietly for some time until recent events. Events who's circumstances I think it would be most difficult to replicate."
"No, we've only got one key, he keeps it on him..."
“I was thinking you could lay down.”
The third morning the vicar himself made an appearance, and taking notice of Holmes stepped over, beckoning him inside with a firm but weathered hand upon his shoulder.
trigger warnings: dubious consent
But all too soon Watson was setting them down in an alleyway adjacent to the Diogenes and Holmes spared a moment to crush himself against the doctor’s cold body, seeking his lips. “Do be careful,” he whispered.  He could not bear to lose anyone else. Not again.
The clergyman blinked dully. "That name sounds familiar,” he said after a stretch of silence, “have you visited before?"
There was a pecking order of course, even in this sphere. Cathedrals were favored spots for panhandling due to the inclination for people to lean more towards generosity in the shadow of the church, and whether that spoke to the genuine altruism of the devout or merely their desire to appear so mattered little; money all spent the same regardless of province. Taken together with the chance the curates themselves would provide a meal or a dry place to sleep or some donated clothes on a given day and it meant the ground beneath the awning of a church was coveted as surely as any gold mine.
Watson’s eyes danced back and forth as he searched his long memory for details. "The-the Yard was founded, and public works... America had a civil war but you speak specifically of London... railroads, but that was the earlier part of the century. Massive population expansion since then."
"Do you still intend for me to stay here?" Watson asked after a long stretch of silence.
“Indeed,” Holmes agreed. "I do not see how I could hope to resist
Lestrade was in fine humor that morning and Holmes understood it had very little to do with him. The inspector had been dressed down by his superiors over some petty grievance and while undoubtedly hard-done by, the man was forced to hold both his tongue and temper in such situations. As such, he was looking for someone to vent his ire upon. Fortunately for the inspector, Holmes was more than willing to rise to the occasion. "Not yet, though it is rewarding to know how thoroughly you rely on me to do your job."
It was exquisite.
As they spoke Lestrade hurried over, a brief look of consternation crossing his face as he noted Gregson's dour expression, and Holmes’ utter lack of any expression at all. “What’s going on?” he asked, glancing between them.
"Thank you," he said, taking the cup with his good arm. "Both for the water, and for the rescue."
"Montressor did not stumble into Langley’s involvement on his own,” Holmes replied. “Newman’s scent is all over this business. There are unanswered questions within the church, and something dark brewing. This still of course leaves the question of where you will go once your current abode is torched."
To his credit, Watson didn't bother with prevarication. "I told you someone had hired him to kill me - and he did try. Fired two shots at me in fact, hit me once.”
"Nevermind," Holmes said, because he could already guess at the contents of their conversation. Montressor was neither clever nor brave; he would not have approached Langley without being prompted. And he certainly could not have afforded to send the man after Watson with a pouch full of silver bullets; Newman's influence was evident. "I believe you saw what you claim you did. However, there are logical explanations for each point."
"Damn" he swore under his breath, tossing some coins at a convenient cabbie and making for Watson's surgery in all haste.
“Behave yourself,” he muttered gruffly, pulling open the door and Holmes pretended not to hear.
“What else could I do?” Watson asked  helplessly, still trying not to look at him and Holmes was reminded of a drowning man struggling for air. “I have sins enough; I did not want more innocent blood on my hands.”
He wrote a message to his brother;
Lestrade looked doubtful but kept his opinions to himself, turning the conversation down other paths. "In any case, in light of new evidence there's some speculation as to how this business might have tied into the murder of Nelson Langley.”
"Welcome sah," she greeted with a clumsy curtsy, "Are ye lookin' for anything certain?"
He was intrigued, of course he was. Here was a puzzle unlike any he had ever encountered. Jackson was a dangerous mystery, and both those things tempted Holmes sorely. But fascinated as he was, the central fact remained: Jackson was lying to him.
Nonetheless Newman seemed pleased at Holmes’ competence and passed on his recommendation to the vicar and Holmes found himself in the employ of the church by lunchtime.
"When you are fed and sated, certainly."
"He was drinking blood?" Holmes asked, watching with mild serenity as Montressor raved. "When was this?"
He would have been happy to lay there indefinitely, but all to soon the dawn threatened and Watson, whom Holmes had established
He had not been awake a quarter of an hour when he heard a thunder of footsteps on the stairs outside the door, and a moment later a gaggle of boys burst into the room in an umkempt tangle of arms and legs, each talking faster than the other, frantic voices blending together in a cacophony of nonsense.
"Holmes. You'll be useless in the morning if you don't get some rest."
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed. “Let us examine the facts, then. He has fed recently, has he not? His complexion is close to human; only a vampire newly sated would look so flushed. This morning a corpse is pulled from the Thames, drained of blood and dead before it hit the water. Your doctor took a detour through Bethnal-Green two nights ago; if you did not observe the evidence of such yourself, I would call you a simpleton. The body,” he said flatly, "was found in the shallows of Limehouse dock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Holmes approached the doorman – a dark-haired fellow by the name of Sturgerson – in a rented wheelchair pushed by one of his older boys, Georgie.
The world rolled over itself like a rusty wheel, lopsided and uncertain. There was a gong sounding his head, the smell of blood and sick- and pain, always that. He clawed his way to consciousness like a drowning sailor fighting towards the ocean surface for air. A hand twisted into his hair and drug his head up, sent multi-colored lights swimming in and out of his vision, his awareness stretched thin as taffy.
No light illuminated the windows as he approached but that meant little; Watson could see as easily in the dark as he could the light and Holmes hoped it meant the doctor had the presence of mind not to announce himself. He slipped the key in the lock and let himself in quietly enough not to wake Mrs. Hudson, slowly mounting the stairs to his rooms. Atlas himself could not have felt a heavier weight upon his shoulders.
"That is exactly what I believe he did," Holmes interjected calmly. "A bright light, soothing music, a pleasant voice and a touch of chloroform to addle the senses. I ascribe more of a charlatan to the doctor than the supernatural."
He crashed through the door of the vicar's house in a  shower of wooden splinters and immediately took the stairs to his left, following the scent of fresh blood, the sound of voices - and he could
Mycroft raised his eyebrows as they walked in, directing his words at Watson. "I admit I am surprised to see you. You have taken a great risk coming here."
He ran a hand along the rough stone, found the small grooves where strong fingers could grab hold and pull. He jerked with sudden strength and part of the wall came away, a hidden door opening outward to reveal a secret room within. Small and narrow, it had once been used to hide the treasures of the church in case of siege or civil unrest.
When he came back down, he found the man exactly where he left him.
"Holmes -"
"I will pass the days tolerably enough," Holmes assured him, and then Mycroft came, his walking stick cracking sharply with each footfall.
A wry smile brushed over Holmes’ too-pale lips, and he shot Watson a look that knocked the doctor's mind temporarily askew. “It would seem we are more alike than we care to admit.”
Holmes looked no less nettled as he took a seat on the bench beside him. "Is that all? It is a plausible story. Men who harbor suspicions of unfaithfulness do not always let those suspicions overwhelm to the point of violence - or confrontation where violence is a possible outcome."
"Hmmm...particularly long cuspids are a genetic anomaly, affecting less than six percent of the population; I once wrote a monograph on the subject of teeth and the use of dental imprints in the investigation of crime. Yours however appear quite sharp. Naturally so; I can detect no groove upon the enamel that would indicate filing."
"Unless you are drawing attention to yourself by leaving corpses lying about in conspicuous places, that is," Holmes remarked dryly. Watson did not flush, but only because it was likely that he
with it, Sherlock. It is unique. There is no copy, and the information within, detailing both major and minor clans, those both living and dead, makes it one of the most comprehensive chronicles of its kind in the world. It has been borrowed from a trusted friend, and I have promised that it will be returned to him unblemished.” He put careful emphasis on the last word.
"If I wished him dead, I'd have no compunctions against killing him in front of you," Mycroft answered to his unspoken fear as he ushered him through a long, windowless hallway and up a staircase.
Except he could hardly push himself one handed, certainly not so far as to get home. A fact the doctor knew quite well. "I shall settle for a pen and paper."
Watson rolled his eyes, crossed his arms before him like a shield. "Are you really expecting them to try and murder you tomorrow morning? There is
Holmes stood obligingly. "I had thought the meeting would require a good deal more explanation on my part and a good deal more disbelief on yours."
“Dutch,” he said, with a note of disappointment.
“He must truly believe something worse is coming,” Sturgerson broke in. “And if Mister Holmes believes it, the rest of us would be fools not to.”
"You are very perceptive," Holmes replied approvingly, his voice soft and low. "When was the last time you saw the doctor?"
"You think of everything, dear brother," Holmes said, cloying tone crafted with full intent to annoy. It was not that they hated each other; not at all. It was that Holmes was the only person Mycroft cared about enough,
"So we cannot know how many agents the sire has active in the city. That is a problem."
The man smiled wryly. “If I knew that, I’d have gone to the police already.”
"It makes the mundane fascinating. I once spent an entire night collecting flies in a jar so I could play the violin to them."
“Don’t do that,” Watson said firmly.
"What news, constable?"
Holmes offered him a look the verged on the edge of fondness. "My dear man your very existence is a feast of data; never presume you are anything less than fascinating."
There were a good many assumptions Holmes had made in all of that, the least of which was that he thought he might be able to ‘keep an eye’ on Watson, as though he were nothing more than an unruly mongrel in need of supervision. But Watson kept such thoughts to himself, because all else aside he was not opposed to Holmes’ plan.
"Hmmm," Holmes said without comment. He finished the toast and left, neither aware nor concerned that he had been wearing the same clothes for three days straight.
"You have a habit of taking," Lestrade grumbled, accepting the receipt with grudging acknowledgement. "Did the hat maker tell you anything helpful?"
“Of course.”
Watson sighed heavily, ponderous line between his brows marring the preternatural smoothness of his face. “I can’t help but wonder why he went through with it all. I understand he was searching for me, but why use the clergy? Why not the police? And why bother to blackmail Deighton when he could have thralled him instead?”
“Meet me in the attic!” he shouted down as his footsteps thundered up, “Bring the corpse!”
believe?"
The constable nodded and quickly shuttled Montressor down the steps and into the cab. It rattled off, leaving Holmes alone with Lucy.
"Is it?" Watson asked in earnest. "I had assumed the purpose of an investigation was to reveal the truth. But I am grateful nonetheless."
"Good Lord..."  The inspector muttered as he glanced around at the carnage, looking faintly ill. "What happened here!?"
"And what is wrong with your left sleeve?"
"Now Mr. Holmes, you know Lestrade and I are quite capable of handling any case... but the sensational aspect... we thought it best for the press if you were called in. Appearances you know."
"Why would he leave a child such as yourself in charge of his shop if he is at home? " Holmes asked, and her face flushed in momentary offense.
“Is that all?” Deighton's voice was impassive, unmoved.
A groan from the outer room alerted them to Newman’s return to consciousness.
It's Mycroft, so we let him have his way. Sorry.
“Fascinating,” Holmes murmured, as Jackson withdrew his hand.
For all that, Watson let go after only a small drink and watched in fascination as Holmes’ neck healed itself in front of his eyes, the vampiric blood that now suffused his body doing its duty and knitting mortal flesh together. So long as the thrall was maintained, he would heal far more quickly than a normal man.
"Excellent. Hand me that lens on the shelf behind you, there's a chap."
about Holmes, though likely they would both rather he didn’t. Watson had spent a good deal of time and energy trying to hate the man and found he could not. At the end of the day Holmes was a good man trying desperately to hold himself together. Watson could not help but respect that, could not help but want to protect it.
"That is true," the vicar said thoughtfully. "Well, I suppose you had best have a look around." He turned to Newman. "Please show the detective to the shed. We must do all we can to help."
Watson moved further in, sank a bit deeper.
And he definitely would have taken notes.
. “The books at parliament document every heraldic crest in Europe going back centuries. If it is not there...”
"I haven't the foggiest idea." He looked at Holmes apologetically. "I know that must be terribly disappointing. But she told me nothing that I can remember, just... finished killing me, and then gave me life again. She left while I was still-" Watson's mouth worked soundlessly, "-it is not an easy process to die and return."
The problem was, this thing was bigger than either himself or Watson. Or Mycroft, for that matter. They needed an alliance, and in order for that to happen
"I did not, though I suppose I should have. I- I do not use my powers often. I have found the best way to hide among mortals is to act as one of them as much as I am able."
Watson considered, speaking slowly. “In of itself, very little, I think. But politics abound in the world of the undead, both their own and those of mortals. As I understand it many older vampires have a surprising amount of control over human affairs; those who lord over a city hold the title of ‘Prince’. I believe it’s a game of sorts they play against each other, maneuvering for control of cities, resources and empires, shaping human society in accordance to their whims and each vying for leverage and power against the others. In that respect, the church would be a powerful tool.”
Holmes was far less bothered and kissed him back with unguarded passion. As with all things to which he applied himself, Holmes was exceptionally good at kissing. Even so, it wasn’t enough, these stolen moments of human affection; having only
"You see, James? I am fine," Lucy said, smiling gently and Montressor looked a bit more confident.
"Then why
Deighton hesitated, looking conflicted but finally nodded and left, coming back a moment later with a high-backed wheelchair, leather straps affixed to its arms. He pushed it up to the door as Newman unlocked the shackles around Holmes' neck and wrists. With nothing to hold him up he fell, pitching forward and the scream that time he certainly hadn't hallucinated because it was his own.
"So, in three days," she snipped with a heavy sigh, setting it down. She didn't badger him further at least, sweeping out the room with the remains from breakfast, his perceived invalidity causing her to hold her tongue far more than was her wont.
“I believe it was his son,” Holmes said, “or what was left of him.”
The vicar removed his reading glasses and peered at Holmes with interest. "A detective? What brings you here this morning? Is it about the unfortunate fellow found on our roof a while ago?"
The creature sounded like an animal as it thrashed in pain and hunger, and even in his delirium Holmes could feel its madness, the very walls of the room saturated with its insanity. The desperate gyrations stopped as it caught sight of Holmes being wheeled into the room and it turned to them, thin, paper-like skin stretched tight over the bones of its sunken face, and fangs grown impossibly long, curving down past dead lips.
"That's quite enough of that!" Montressor thundered, stepping back into the sitting room, red-faced with anger. "The man is a monster. He hypnotized my wife!"
"Hmm?" Watson replied, turning to him and appearing for the first time to take note of the chill. "Ah- well, wasn't expecting company, you know." He crossed the room, filled a kettle with water and set it into the open flames of the hearth bare-handed and seemingly without thought, giving his hand an absent shake as he pulled it away. "And I would advise you to be careful of the church; if things are as you say then Newman is a dangerous man and he has the vicar's confidence. I doubt he will hesitate to harm you if he believes you are sheltering me."
"Most were completely burnt, but a few of them escaped the worst of the flames. We think they were thrown in the fire shortly before Deighton's son got loose. Must've been a good number of them, and most not more than ash. But some fell to the side and those we retrieved. They're a bit hard to make out, though."
“That is hardly comforting.”
Newman turned to Holmes with a watery gaze. "The father tells me you can care for animals," he said.
"He has known me all my life, 'injured' stopped being a concern when I was eight."
“Pay attention, Watson. You are letting your mind wander.” The tone was imperious as ever, but Watson could smell his desire, the way his blood quickened. Thank
Holmes waved him off and took to the ladder to do his job.
Mycroft was still glaring, but he sat back down, jaw clenching in anger. "Do
“What good can you possibly do right now?” he heard himself ask, words sounding far more accusatory than he’d intended and he wasn’t certain which one of them he was talking to.
"And at no time did he allude to the fact you were a vampire?"
“Are there other preternatural creatures besides vampires who could have killed Mr. Kramer? It would make sense that the church, having failed to be rid of you using human hands, might turn to other, more fantastical methods."
“I- I think it’s a fugue. We were experimenting with his mental defenses...” What on earth had Holmes been thinking? Watson had cautioned him against such a thing...but when had that ever made a difference?
Mrs. Hudson watched him in open surprise as he carved off a small portion of dinner and withdrew to his rooms. It wasn’t much, a few bites to keep him going and on his feet. He'd never much bothered with such things before, but he was trying. For Stamford's sake.
“How on earth do you know that?” Watson demanded, and Holmes cast him a sharp look blunted by fondness.
Watson’s eyebrows raised and he nodded. “You are right, of course.”
Holmes gave a mirthless smirk, a twisting feeling of pain in his chest. His heart hurt. “And you? Do you have similar mental abilities?”
"Aye, if ye think it ought ta be done,” Holmes replied a bit doubtfully and the reverend laughed like a broken recorder.
Holmes sniffed again, scratched his cheek and placed a strong embargo on all thoughts of Watson's eyes or the color blue. Then he began to talk. "That he is a local man is beyond doubt. He is dressed in typical city fashion and his hat comes from a shop near Hanover Square; note the haberdasher's initials on the inside brim. Then there's the stub of an underground ticket in his jacket pocket but no train schedule, we can surmise then that he knew his way around - only locals dare the trains without a syllabus.
to do this, but he did. He needed to know she was..he needed to know how she fared.
"Lord!" he breathed out, crossing himself in shock.
He took a deep breath and stepped over, found himself quite unharmed. He turned back with a smile and a sigh of relief. “It’s clear,” he said, and Watson quickly joined him.
we know?”
Watson sagged into him, weak-boned and heavy. He lifted his arm and licked the wound closed on his wrist, his other hand finding its way to Holmes’ head, fingers curling into his thick hair and Holmes made no move to prevent Watson touching him at all.
She nodded. "Oh Mister Holmes! Please, please find him!" Then she shrank back inside, locking the door behind herself and closing up the shutters.
"We cannot know that," Watson countered, but Holmes merely cracked his knuckles at him, small explosions like fireworks.
And now, finally, things became clear. "Are you here to kill me, then?" he asked calmly.
“Interesting,” Mycroft said, then turned to leave.
tell me you suspected a vampire? I certainly would have helped you, and this outcome could have been prevented entirely.”
"My friend is dead, Mister Holmes. He was the only one I have trusted with my secrets in a very long time. Yet, as loyal as he was to me, he held you in even higher regard - enough that he died for you. To lose an ally is a great inconvenience. But to lose a friend..."
“Good lord,” he muttered, wincing slightly from the noise.
" the parrot repeated, then let out an all-too-human sounding shriek.
Holmes sighed, "Mister Montressor, nothing you have told me makes me believe the doctor is anything more than human. Do you have a reason to believe otherwise?"
Holmes shrugged, deeply unperturbed. "Ah well, don't think of it as such then. It is only hypothesis." He ducked his head, but not before Watson caught the glimmer of a smile at the edge of his mouth. The man
“You should go,” Holmes told him, but Watson found he had no intention of it.
"I could, but why should I?"
Watson tried again. “Do you prefer to be distracted at times like these, or does staring at the fire better suit your mood?"
"What kind indeed?" Watson asked softly, watching him go with a bemused smile. Then he too slipped away, retracting the path of Kramer's last night alive.
Watson marveled in silent admiration. Such a sublimely quick mind! And so very organized, once one had fought through the barrier of sensory data that swirled and crashed about on the surface. But of course, the surface was all anyone ever saw. To look at Holmes in the flesh was to see the chaos and disorganization of his living space, the unruly appearance, the general disregard for hygiene and the haphazard approach which he took to nearly every aspect of life. To look at him was to assume his mind was less a library than an overturned bookshelf; a pile knowledge in no particular order, benefiting no one that could not take the time to wade through the mess in search of a specific fact.
" the man said, placing a deliberate emphasis on his name.
"All of his crimes are listed here, I think."
"What else do they say?" Watson asked, catching the thoughtful look on Holmes' face and he leaned back, inviting Watson’s scrutiny with a wave of his hand.
"Well," the priest replied, a bit surprised. "This is indeed providence. Bird keeping is something of pastime of mine. I’ve no falcons but I do keep a parrot, and several doves. Do you know husbandry for those birds?”
“Back to this, are we?” Holmes said, and Watson had the feeling there was a story in those words, an old one that spanned many years...the kind of story shared between brothers.
Newman guided him to the back area of the church, the same small kitchen Father Deighton had brought him to when he thought his name was Blevins and there too was the vicar, pouring over a small, black leathered bible with a golden crucifix engraved on the cover.
Watson shared none of those thoughts. He was acutely aware he cared far more for Holmes than the detective did for him, nor could he expect anything else.
"Ah, Brother," Newman said, smiling like a puppet. "I had just come in search of you. This is Mister Sherlock Holmes - a detective."
Watson found Holmes to be a terrible enigma. Focused on his own definition of justice, willing to break any rule to follow that morality. If the law stood in the way of that, then the law be damned. And now that the two of them were connected -- firstly through Stamford, then the case, and finally blood -- Watson found himself being pulled along in Holmes' wake, following the detective and that damnable certainty of his that felt like solid ground beneath Watson's feet.
“Jackson was your client; did he ever seem suspicious of Deighton or Newman either one?”
Lestrade glowered, face turning red as beetroot as he turned on his heel and marched out, door slamming shut with a hollow bang. Watson looked on in amusement, his eyes alight with silent laughter and for a moment Holmes was captivated, mind awash with stunning blue skies- but it was only a moment.
“Well?” he asked impatiently.
Mycroft made a displeased sound in the back of his throat. “Then make certain no more ‘accidents’ befall you while this book is in your care. It took over twenty years to complete and if it is damaged, I will let my friend take an equal number of years from your life.”
"You are not," Mycroft countered heavily. "Do not lie to me, you know I despise it."
“Holmes," Watson pleaded, half moaning in a way that sent a shiver down Holmes’ spine, “don’t- your brother really
And Mycroft will never ever do that.
John was not deterred.
At the moment Mary was busy kneading dough. No doubt intended for one of Mrs. Hudson's famous pies. From the looks of the ball in her hands she had not been at it long as it was still too soft to hold a shape and stuck to her fingers every time they made contact with it.
And then Eric joins in the conversation: “We need you there, Sherlock! You're our un-official good luck charm!”
It is a fine line to walk.
************************
James had, very quickly, decided he was an idiot and had just stopped interacting with John altogether.
As a heat quite contradictory to the wintry chill suddenly warmed his body John rolled over on his belly, stuffing his face in the mattress as he squeezed his eyes tightly shut. His thoughts should definitely not go there. Once Holmes returned, whenever that may be, he should apologize for his transgressions.
In the end he decides to just go poetic again. Watson brings out the poet in him after all.
Things like that....they don't happen to men like him.....
John's eyes go big and an even bigger smile forms on his face.
Molly is quiet for a moment before she replies:
He finds he's having a hard time expressing everything that's in his heart and mind and so he just waves his hand around again helplessly and says:
If you are reading this: you're amazing.
Tonight is certainly going to be a long night.
John makes him do and feel things he had thought impossible before.
'Are you sure? I could....'
**************************************
“John! Hey, John!”
Sherlock figures he'll let him sleep for just a little bit longer. It is still early. They have time.
It pushes on his shoulders like a physical force.
Holmes turns out to be an excellent tracker.
Sherlock swallows against a sudden lump in his throat. There are tears forming at the corners of his eyes. He blinks them away quickly.
Sherlock remembers what they told him.
The moon is still full and bright in the sky.
'Oh, but we can have so much more fun with the two of us', the man had moved his face so close to Johns now that their cheeks were touching and John could feel his breath on the back of his neck as he whispered in his ear: 'such a pretty thing you are.'
He is dying to know what it means.
Make the magic come to him.
the room around him is black and cold now
The fur going from soft to course and short and, John saw as he carefully opened his eyes a small bit, acquiring a brown color.
John chuckles again and once again the night around them seems to be on fire.
Sherlock just shook his head, but a smile had slowly spread across his face. 'you're impossible.'
'Yes.... I am bound to her. Bound to do her bidding. You see...I am not a free man and so I cannot make the choices a free man makes....', here he kissed him again. A little more urgently this time, '….however much I would like to.'
He still has the same blond hair. At the moment it seems like spun gold as the Indiana summer sun beats down on his head relentlessly.
John shakes his head again. The movement curt and to the point. He doesn't have time for this. With every second he spends standing here Holmes moves further and further away from him. He can feel it in the back of his mind. The gentle and comforting thrum of Holmes' magic becoming fainter and fainter as he moves away from him further and further, leaving behind a cold and empty nothingness that reminds him too much of his nightmare. It reminds him too much of dying.
He might be worried I'll tell all of his friends what really happened at Patrick's party....or.....after Patrick's party.
He didn't know this about John.
Only.....John wasn't a moon.
John held on tight and gently kissed him. Letting the words, repeated over and over like a prayer, flow into his own mouth as their lips moved together. And with them he swallowed away the pain, sorrow and worry that had been at their heels for so long now.
She pulls me into a hug and holds me tight. As if she is trying to squeeze some of that tension and guilt out of me. I'm not sure if she succeeds but I do feel comforted by it a little bit.
Where John has decided, for lord knows what unfathomable reason, that playing a prank on Sherlock and locking him inside was a “funny” thing to do.
He has already given himself a quick wash and has put on his trousers and shoes.
He shivers and dresses as quickly as he dares.
'I'm not letting...... you, sit on the back of my horse',  Finn explained. His tone conveying quite clearly that there was no room for debate on this issue.
“It's fine”, he hears himself say but his voice sounds nothing like his own.
He would have known.
He's pretty sure that, after the usual nine circles of hell, there's a tenth circle specifically reserved for occasions such as these
He's unsure if he should say something or not.....if he should move forward or not.....which one of them he should approach......they all look identical.
Molly wants to protest. She knows Sherlock. As soon as she leaves him alone he is very likely to do something incredibly stupid.
About? What.....What did that even mean? With each moment John spent in Holmes' company he started to realize that not only had his melancholy of the last few weeks been caused by the memories that always haunted him around that time of year and his uncertainty about his role in his masters disappearance, but also simply by the fact that he had been missing Sherlock Holmes. Maybe not Sherlock Holmes as a person, after all, what did he know about the man? But more the sense of mystery and adventure he had brought back into John's life. Something he hadn't known he'd been craving until it had been returned to him. And now that it was back. Standing in front of him looking all graceful and wild at the same time, something beautiful that cannot be tamed, like a wild rose, he felt as if a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders and he could not stop himself from smiling and to his delight he found Holmes smiling back at him. Briefly the corners of his Cupid's bow mouth turned up into something soft and warm and once again John felt his heart speed up.
Of course.
Death is standing behind her grandmother and looks an awful lot like her grandfather who passed away several years before.
Sherlock doubts Watson is actually reading at all.
John closes his eyes again as he leans himself back against Sherlock. It feels good. He's missed this. So much. He's missed it like a drowning man misses breathing. They fit. In everything. This is right. This is.....
He swallows and licks his lips. He finds Watson doing the same.
I'm bad at writing smut.
But what had Sherlock really wanted? How real had it all been for him?
John pressed his nose once again in the crook of Sherlock's neck while Sherlock draped his arm loosely around him, fingers tracing idle figures on skin, leaving unseen trails, igniting the naked flesh beneath in their wake.
“But I thought you said you knew where he was?”
He's gone into theater-class to become someone else for a while. To escape. Once the play is over he finds he's not ready to let go of Puck just yet.
Victor likes him?
John had talked to him while he had done so.
Only a couple of flights leave here on a daily basis. It's nothing compared to the suffocating crowds that populate O'Hare airport in Chicago at all times.
Molly squeals and Sherlock just rolls his eyes.
In the end they were not so different. Sherlock and him.
Magic. Real magic. Who would have guessed.....
John will bring him back to his room and then John will leave him.
He can still feel small slivers or the remnants of powerful spells float around just behind his eyes. Maybe that's why his head hurts so much. They distract him. They pull at his thoughts and make it hard for him to concentrate and sit still.
“You and Greg?” he asks.
Whether he believes him or not, Mycroft seems to let the matter go.....for now.
'Of course.'
Knowing Holmes this still could go either way. He is not planning to get his hopes up and then get them dashed again.
He finds himself shaking.
“Good.....that's good”, he says, “we should probably be getting home.....it's getting late. See you tomorrow then?”
The voice was right again. He needed to be patient.
Caring is not an advantage.
***************************************************************************************
He's been here for hours.
He needs help. He needs advise. Anything.
But....they don't do Christmas.
His mind is filled with a pleasant haze that drowns out the obnoxious, far too loud, music that echoes through the room around him.
Sherlock has never felt more alone as he does now.
John has a girlfriend.
He gives me a faint smile but winces when his damaged lip gets pulled tight.
It was as if nothing had changed. As if John had never left. As if this was just a continuation from last time. As if he had just briefly closed his eyes while they had been talking and upon opening them found them still exactly the same.
**********************************************************************8
It just means there are far too many hours left for John to keep on ignoring me.
'Will you just hold me for now?'
Holmes chuckles.
He smiles to himself.
*************************************
His eyelashes fluttering much as they do  now.
John is seated on a wooden fold-up chair next to Sherlock. The yard is big and there is plenty of room around the fire but their chairs are placed close together.
His hands grip tightly onto the lapels of Sherlock's shirt and his lips crash onto Sherlock's slightly parted ones.
Sherlock has gone all soft and pliant and blissed out and as John keeps on pumping inside of his body he still groans softly every time John bottoms out.
He swirls the leftover coffee around in his cup.
Not at all as if I'm freaking out over here over John just being a couple minutes late.
The words of master Holmes swimming through his mind.
John sighs as he takes another look at the clock that hangs on the wall directly behind the counter he's currently stationed behind.
As it turned out Sherlock had some of his old clothes hidden away in the cave on the meadow.
Instead he sits himself down in the chair opposite Finn. Another large, red monstrosity. He crosses his legs and pretends he's not wearing the most over the top, ridiculous thing he's ever had on his body.
“Really?”
He suddenly finds the dark quiet atmosphere of the room oppressive....suffocating.
“I'll pay for the room on my way out.”
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. Who was this woman and what had she done with his mother? He had expected her to demand Sherlock be hanged, drawn and quartered...at least.
“I was hoping you would come back today”, he says, giving Holmes his most genuine smile.
I startle.
**************************
“Good”, John says by now the tension has completely left his body, “because I will threaten every single one of them.”
John decides to concede.
Today however, they are hard at work.
“Bloody marvelous”, John replies and when he looks at Holmes there is a mischievous twinkle in his master's eyes.
I just silently watch him as he tilts his head and looks at the next poster. The strong muscles of his shoulders and back just barely visible underneath his too tight blue sweater.
How can he even think for a second he'd be able to push me away.
Mycroft drives him to the theater.
****************************************************************
John's smile falls and he opens his book again, folding and unfolding the pages. He probably doesn't even realize he's doing it again.
But then he seems to make up his  mind as he puts his phone away and comes walking back towards Sherlock again. A determined but inscrutable look on his face.
Sherlock hazards a glance at John's face from underneath his fringe.
She glances at the pale female figure that only she can see and, not for the first time, she wishes the soldier had kept it for himself.
I'm allowed to talk about you but only if I pretend we're just friends and nothing more.
Sherlock is good at pretending after all.
Watson gives him a puzzling look.
John looks lovely in the sun.
Today is another theater-class day. Sherlock has been both looking forward to it and dreading it.
The light of the dying sun drips from his surprisingly long eyelashes like golden honey and his skin almost seems to glow.
'You ungrateful little shit! Do you have any idea how much your stubbornness has cost our family, how much......'
His body.
She just smiles at me.
If Watson were to ever kiss him he wanted it to be of his own free will and not because he felt he owed Sherlock anything.
John's eyes widen.
The sight so close before him one of unparalleled beauty but....if he's being honest, he's always thought so.
“It's fine”, Sherlock says, “you have my number.”
With all the willpower he has in him he makes his legs carry him to the door.
My address, so we could keep in contact.
'Please take it, John.' Holmes either hadn't heard him or he was pretending not to.
And that is exactly how he feels.
John doesn't know why the thought of getting coffee with Sherlock is making him feel so excited.
He doesn't like not knowing.
It doesn't matter.
“Sherlock I am
“I have no idea what you're talking about”, he tries.
When he finally finishes speaking the identical faces turned towards him finally form an expression that is not a blank stare. The corners of their dry thin lips turn up simultaneously resulting in a rictus of a smile.
Or worse: not laugh at all.
The bathroom also has a lock. Another advantage over the bedroom.
One of the cops that Mycroft bribes to look out for him a bit.
“I can't believe you're still bothered by that”, Sherlock says. Rather loudly, as far as John is concerned, and so he shushes him before responding.
“It's about a Danish prince who gets so obsessed with avenging the murder of his father that he ends up losing everything he holds dear.” he replies.
From what he can tell it is a square box about the size of a fist wrapped in gaudy Christmas paper with an elaborate bow on top.
**********************
To his relief he found himself in his bed again in his own bedroom. The small room was still dark around him.
Coming and going like waves rolling on the shore and I let myself drown in them.
Sherlock waits until after the stable-boy leaves to stop pretending he's still asleep.
“A weight? Like what?”
He would rather die than deliver him to the Order, no matter what the All have told him to do.
And so, in one swift move, he rolls himself over, on top of John.
John leans himself forward and places a soft kiss on Sherlock's lips.
And maybe I did know. Maybe I knew all along. But without him physically here to press these admissions into my skin like watermarks I have a hard time believing that this....us.....is anything that possibly can be real.....that someone like John.......
She has been suspiciously quiet all morning though.
Once again John is staring at him. His eyes beseeching and enchanting and once again Sherlock finds it hard to refuse to do anything John asks of him but this time.....he just can't …..he can't.....
When Sherlock gets home he makes a B-line straight for his bedroom.
John's fingers continue their journey and soon find themselves a new home on Sherlock's arm where it is draped over John's chest.
If his mind is perhaps making him hear things that are not there.
“It's a surprise.”
This has her signature all over it.
From what Greg is implying right now. Both with his words and the silence that follows.
John bangs the back of his head on the headrest of his chair and groans.
***************************
And it's all because of John.
As he carefully removed the clothing from Holmes upper body an unexpectedly muscular chest was laid bare before him. Underneath the blood his Masters skin appeared smooth and incredibly pale. John quickly scanned him for wounds. On his chest, back, arms, face and head, but all he could find were some superficial scratches. Nothing to explain the vast amount of blood covering his body.
Watson's hands on the back of his head are strong but gentle and comforting at the same time.
“Are you sure you don't want me to drive you home?”, my mother says to John, “it's awfully late and it's really no bother.”
As if he hasn't broken beyond repair a long, long time ago.
Finn saunters out after her, hands behind his back and, as always, a rather enigmatic expression on his face.
Again and again and again.
He shines too bright for the darkness of his mood at the moment.
'Then is there no way?'
Strolling behind him lazily through the garden, picking a flower here and there only to let it wither and die in her hands.
He closes his locker and turns around. Eying Greg up cautiously.
The hesitation on the word friend does not go unnoticed.....or....maybe he has just imagined it there.
About two and a half years sooner than Sherlock had expected to see him.
That he needs to be more careful....at least until he's sure about the weapon...and John....
Molly doesn't seem to mind. She just carries on talking.
He doesn't think he knows what it means.
I head back downstairs.
The light of the ambulance outside filters into the partially lit room in flashes.
'Come on, Sherlock. I've studied hard enough these last couple of weeks and it payed off! Thursday is supposed to be my afternoon off anyway. I used to go see a movie with the rugby guys on Thursday afternoon, or go bowling, or have coffee....I thought maybe we could....'
But wait, I am getting ahead of myself.
His hands start to shake and he feels suddenly overwhelmed by a whole mix of emotions.
Now, it's time to get my other wip out of hiatus again....
One morning he was just.....gone.
“You not getting anything to drink?” he yells at Mike as the music, for no apparent reason, suddenly gets a lot louder.
I'd rather never go back to school ever again.
I'm sure that's what you would have called it.
He's officially an adult now but he sure doesn't feel like one.
They are so close now.
He makes his way back to the rugby table and decidedly does not look our way as he sits down.
So, in conclusion, John likes someone at their school who doesn't like him back....apparently....Sherlock finds that last part hard to believe.
It hurt.
He makes sure the door bangs extra loud when he leaves the house.
How can he still not see?
**********************
“For you it is”, she says. But before she can elaborate further a shrill voice disrupts their conversation.
John smiles to himself as his fingers trace a heart on the gooseflesh forming on Holmes' chest.
I try to tell him I wasn't thinking (although I absolutely was) but he doesn't let me. His mouth is hungry and determined now and he swallows down everything I give him.
“I don't really like the sound of that either.”
John going red.
“Is that really the best you can do today?”
“But what vision did you get?”
Andrew sighs.
Her legs quiver with excitement at the thought.
“This isn't Bournemouth.”
And soon after that he finds himself sitting on an expensive looking sofa that is way too soft for his liking, holding a cup of tea he is way too nervous to drink.
Jet-lag is a bitch.
John is not laughing at me. He's laughing with me. He's laughing because of me.
**********************************8
Why he had visibly relaxed every time he looked back and confirmed he didn't know them.
“Took you long enough. I was starting to worry I'd have to lay like that for the rest of the flight”, Sherlock says.
And with that Holmes was gone again. And this time John wasn't sure whether he'd actually seen him leave.
“What's so interesting about my face?”
Knowing he will be seeing Holmes again this evening would surely make the day ahead a little bit easier to bear and it might......
Calling out to him.
“Oh....I'm sorry....I didn't know....I.....”
Her robe once again white.
And sure enough, there he is, Holmes, not yet gone, but, from the looks of it, in the process of making another hasty retreat.
The boy is surprisingly strong for his age and so, even with John only being able to use one of his arms effectively, they have the bathtub emptied and out of the room in no time.
He swallows. There's a lump the size of a peach in his throat. He starts typing out a reply. His hands won't stop shaking.
“You haven't heard the rumors yet.....about John?”
Greg doesn't seem to be convinced. He doesn't blame him. At this point he's having a hard time convincing himself.
Slowly but surely.
Lo and behold! In the epilogue they are actually lying in a bed together in a house of their own. Who says wishes don't come true.
John looks more handsome than he has ever been as the afternoon light that filters through the window makes his hair look like spun gold and accentuates his eyelashes as John demurely casts his eyes down.
I almost don't hear the sound of the doorbell over the cacophony that accompanies the scene.
“That's......good?”
He finds the gesture surprisingly intimate for two people who have just met that day.
And if those are not some of the best lines of poetry you've ever read then I don't know what to tell you....
Now it is up to them to use it.
It's been so surprising to see all the love this story has been getting.
John just shifts in his chair uneasily.
He wishes he could take them back.
“What a tedious woman”, Holmes says, “drink?”
She rubs the bloody stumps across her face, her lips, bites down on them with her shark-like teeth.
“I'm so sorry, Sherlock.”
Something secret that belongs only to them and the nights they share.
He had no idea where Sherlock was. Was he still with the fairy-queen? Had he gone back to the meadow? And if he had gone back.....with John gone and not returning for months on end, what conclusions would he draw?
To make up for my long hiatus: here's another chapter!
But not yet.
They don't need them to keep them warm or decent.
And I'm also cold.
And just as Holmes starts twisting his fingers in the air, minute particles of magic appearing in between them, making the air crackle and pop, the beginnings of a spell, John raises his own and pulls Holmes' hands down most violently.
Waiting.
If she hadn't......then.....what was the point of his mother drowning when she jumped into the water after him to try and save him.
Or at least....that's what he tells himself.
“Hello, Sebastian”, John tried. Maybe Sebastian would just leave after pleasantries were exchanged, he hoped against his better judgment.
Sherlock says nothing in return.
“Oh God, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry”, John says again.
Sherlock smokes and when he sucks John off right afterwards with those same lips John is able to see stars, supernovas and entire galaxies before he comes.
'It was worth a shot.'
“Is it always like this?” he asks Holmes.
His hands are in his pockets and he stares dead ahead.
He needs to get up.
Am I over-complicating things?
A method that, with practice, time and skill, could become a useful tool to organize and help preserve your memories.
He should have told John sooner.
“Amazing”, he says.
'It's rather.......shiny. I'm not sure'
By now John knew very well when Sherlock was faking it.
“I'm sure my brother would love that.”
It makes him feel even worse.
Because now he is no longer who he used to be.
*************************************************************
Sherlock is sitting on a chair in Mycroft's kitchen.
Even when he gets tackled to the ground he springs right up again, finds Sherlock in the crowd and smiles the most radiant smile.
There is a small hint of a smile dawning at the corners of his mouth then. Molly can't help but answer it with a soft smile of her own.
The King stands by his wall.
He might leave for good this time.
He stands straight and carries himself with a calm authoritarian air as he talks to the police officers around him.
He will not put him in harms way and he will most certainly not let the All decide what his fate should be.
When Sherlock Holmes finally reached the campfire it was well after midnight.
She playfully bumped his leg with her shoulder, 'good thing I like crazy then.'
Rather.....
Sherlock looks at Watson now but he appears to be smiling too. The light of the fire reflects off of his sea blue eyes and dances across his cheeks and the hollow of his throat.
His mother had probably gone to bed hours ago.
Somebody he doesn't want to remember.
How could they not?
Bloody finally.
John knew what he was doing. He was spoiling for a fight. Any fight. Granted, a fight with Sherlock Holmes did not list amongst the best ideas he'd ever had, but he wasn't actually thinking with a clear head at the moment.
Ever since they've arrived here she has been dragged all over the place. Providing glimpses into the future and into the prophecy for pretty much every single member of the Order. On some days even until well after midnight. She tells them what she can but she doesn't tell them about John Watson and what he actually is. Nighthawk and her have come to this sort of silent agreement that they will not tell The Order anything until Sherlock actually arrives.
I do wear a jacket this time because, if John finds me waiting for him outside of a movie theater in November, I'd rather not have him find me frozen to death.
“This is not a joke, Finn”, Holmes says. His face is slightly flushed. John supposes it's because of the heat of the suddenly roaring flames that now warms them.
The other boy cringes.
He hasn't felt the need to correct them and John, for whatever reason, doesn't really seem to be too bothered by it either.....
'Watson, please. Only my friends call me John.'
Of course she had assumed it was a woman. The only person John had talked to about his bisexuality was Greg.....and if that hadn't been the first red flag that his relationship with Mary maybe wasn't as perfect as he had hoped.......
And then he kisses me.
. He wasn't even sure who that was. And now, here at the cusp of a new life, all the painful memories of an old one came flooding back to him.
He had ridden across these fields countless times before.
A gentle voice seemed to be coming from the strange light source.
*************************************************
Quickly he untied his horse, swung himself in the saddle, his sore limbs, muscles and backside protesting with a sharp pang, and made his way through the trees, back to Carterhaugh.
Doing what they do when he's emotionally broken and at his wits end under the cover of darkness is fine but when you bring clarity and the harsh judgmental light of the sun into the equation......he's not sure what he'll think of himself then.
There is still a darkness that gathers over all the lands and he is afraid that, were he to close his eyes again, it will speak to him instead and tell him of all the horrors that await him still.
Would Sherlock still remember him?
“But”, I say, “you have a girlfriend.”
It feels different.
****************************************************************************************
he thinks.
Sherlock gives a small giggle.
It was the kind of thing kids would bully you for. But not John. John had always been an exception to the norm.
Maybe he saw this man at the hospital once......that might have been it.
Every time he breaks up with one of them that part that makes Sherlock feel guilty warms up and springs to the foreground.
'Yeah, you know.....like going to parties and stuff. Philip's throwing this party tomorrow and...'
John smiles when he thinks back on that moment.
John does not remember seeing any of the staff members with their drink-trays walk by. He also doesn't remember there being any red drinks earlier in the evening.
But despite his years of practice he finds that today he cannot seem to recall lines that once came easy to him and when he looks down at the text in his book none of the letters seem to be able to stay still.
John.
Out of all the people here on Eton.
“I'm really sorry”, he says as he puts his jeans and sweater back on, I am still very much naked in bed, “I wish I could stay but I promised my mother I would be home.....she worries......so.....I can't....”
He places his fork next to his plate.
'So all I have to do is pull down the rider seated on the white horse?'
And so he can't eat tonight.....won't eat.
Sherlock is still thoroughly confused and feels even more ill at ease than before.
“Very much none of your business.”
Being around people again was torture. Especially these people.
A figure in the front, riding a black horse....as the moon once again emerged from behind the cloud its light reflected off of the only bit of color in the entire scene.
Back to our scheduled programing in the next chapter.
That's not quite true anymore either.
He briefly contemplates going into the upstairs bedroom instead but.....no.....there will be a bed in there.....and to be alone again with Sherlock in a room with a bed......that would be too much......too soon.......worlds colliding.....not here and not now.
“How come you don't like me?”
“I'm bi.”
Then Holmes raises his hands in the dark and folds them together, he peers in the gap between them and then gently blows some air through the space between his fingers and palms.
'I don't need you to come in and rescue me like some bloody knight in shining armor', he continued, unable to stop the flow of words coming from his mouth, 'I told you, your secrets are safe with me, alright, you don't need to feel like you have to do me any favors to buy my silence. So quit the act and piss off.'
John lets out a shaky breath as he watches her go.
When you're a teenager, on the wrong side of a growth spurt, awkward, friendless and openly gay it is pretty hard to win at anything in life.
“Caring is not an advantage”, the words slip out before Sherlock is able to stop himself. He glances sideways at John to see if he has angered him but there is still a soft expression on his face as he stares off into the fire seemingly unseeing. The smile on his face is relaxed and gentle but the corners of his mouth droop down slightly as memories he has not thought about in years drift in front of his mind's eye.
Finn had been watching them quietly from a corner, hidden by a spell.
Around him now is the low hum of conversation, the tinkling of glasses and the scraping of chairs.
He waves his hand and a candle lights.
She will tear them away with her nails leaving nothing but a skeletal grin as he wails in agony.
Maybe there's something from John that I crave more than physical contact.
I can't tell him.
Sherlock looks around to see which of the seven figures has spoken to him but they still sit as motionless as ever.
Oh.....he is not leaving after all.......a new door is forming.......this one looks interesting.......Morgana wonders what this door is for......what he plans to hide behind it.....in the darkness she scuttles a little bit closer.
“I'm glad to see you're out and about again”, Finn finally says as he looks at Holmes. Holmes does his very best to look anywhere
“It'll be fine, little ghost”, Mycroft says again.
Until the passing of time catches up with them and they grow older and older.
All John could do was stare as the door closed behind him with a soft thud.
Some part of him knows he should feel tired, in pain or maybe even scared....but all he can feel now is excitement. He feels alive. There's an exhilarating buzz running through his veins that no form of alcohol can ever achieve. He feels more alive than he's felt in years. It's what being around Holmes does to him. He chooses not to think too much about this last statement.
“Yeah, alright.”
But then the body next to him relaxes.
“What do you mean?”, he says.
They find themselves very close to the waterline still and so the sand beneath their backs is still slightly damp and serves as a nice and cool bed to offset the unforgiving heat that beats down on them from above.
That wasn't really a question, more of a statement, so I don't really know how to answer it.
There are cracks forming in the walls already.
“Evidently not....but.....has it ever crossed your mind that....perhaps...I care?”
All John could do was look at him in disbelief. Wondering what the connection between Finn and Holmes actually was. Apparently the elf had a rather intimate knowledge of his masters body.
This time, he agreed.
and we will laugh at my credulous foolishness.
Again I pulled back, and again he gazed up at me, his eyes grave and full of feeling.
And yet despite Holmes' aversion to employing ciphers in his own cause, it seemed that wonders never ceased: Holmes had deployed a cipher! Whatever he intended to convey could not be communicated through prearranged code words or oblique references to shared knowledge, his preferred methods of conveying secret messages. Furthermore, he was prepared to accept the risk of his communication being discovered.
Or, to wit:
Even after the main bulk of the trunk, branches, and roots had been chopped into shorter lengths, thrust out the window, and burnt, there was still meticulous sweeping-up to be done, lest the litter of fallen leaves and axe chips caught in rugs and bedclothes ignite small fires of their own at daybreak. Bedclothes and rugs were removed from Holmes' room and hung from the line, well shaken, beaten, and wetted against accident, and the floor of Holmes' room wetted as a precaution against inflammable dust. We shook out our clothes, too, and Holmes went through my hair with meticulous care, removing any small matter that had been caught there.
"It doesn't matter what I like. You sacrificed two and a half years of your life to harvest this fruit. I'm not about to stand in your way."
She raised her eyebrow at me, but nevertheless put the tea tray on Holmes' breakfast table. "Has he left again so soon?"
Over the next several days our correspondence developed, euphemism by euphemism, metaphor by metaphor. It was ridiculous and puerile; it was unspeakably arousing. During sport in our rooms, Holmes was given to close-mouthed silence, both from an abundance of caution and I believe a certain reticence to make himself absurd. Perhaps he found it easier to speak with another man's phrases than his own — or perhaps in his boredom he viewed it only as an intellectual exercise, how best to abuse and misuse Marryat's signal code for a decidedly non-nautical purpose. But to imagine these phrases in his mouth, his enthusiasm overcoming his natural reticence, was unbearably exciting. I passed my days over the next week in a simmering arousal, always awaiting his next telegram, and my nights in more solo pleasures, longing for him. I snickered to myself whenever I found a new section of Marryat's that might be profitably misread and mixed my metaphors abominably in pursuit of phraseology that might convey my desires, and yet throughout it all my sentiments were always sincere: I was stiff, I was on fire, my sails were set all a-shiver:
I received Holmes' letter one bitter April morning when the promise of spring seemed cold and false. Sherlock Holmes had been away on the Continent a fortnight already, and I missed him sorely. I smiled to find that he had been thinking of me — Marryat is a favourite author of mine, and his novels did not deserve to be banished to the nursery. Nevertheless I was concerned to learn that Holmes was so tried by the case. I had no doubt that his sense of duty to Queen and country was sufficiently keen that he would stick the case through, but while he was on the one hand capable of the most painstaking and rigorous attention to arcane details that would numb even the most ardent investigators, he was also woefully susceptible to boredom, when in want of something to tax his skills. I found his grandiose farewell somewhat troubling — not that I feared he would fall on his sword, like Antony's beloved friend Eros, but it yet signalled a somewhat flamboyant desperation, and perhaps even a willingness to do himself mischief in the hope of alleviating it. Cocaine, after all, was as accessible on the Continent as it was here in London.
"The injustice was committed when that fiend who employs you first broke my poor Douglas's heart."
A few short minutes later we were shown into an Arabian Nights drawing-room, vast and wonderful. In the half-gloom, an occasional pink electric light picked out some suggestive
Susan hissed, her upper body arching away from the horse. But Mrs Klein was not satisfied with passive cruelty: she twisted and tugged the ruthless jaws, flicking them with her fingers, and the girl writhed in response.
"A sailor? Why a sailor?"
"I have been standing here just now," Holmes said, "considering whether I should destroy the fruit. It could be simply done: unwrap it and expose it to the light of this window. Can any good come from its poison?"
I consented to his plan, and he, leaving his scrapbooks strewn across the floor, stood and went to change. I penned these final lines, and the aspidistra soaked up every scrap of daylight that London skies could give it.
"Indeed," he said, drawing me back to my armchair and seating me again. "And now that she has paid us her visit, you and I have business later today on behalf of another resident of Queer Street. But first, if you would be so good as to oblige me—" Here he drew my legs over the chair's arms again. "I have other business to attend to."
He did not mention what he had written in the journal many times over: I had been more useful as I was, an unwitting audience for his lies. I felt a flush of anger and frustration, that he could claim to know me and yet use me so poorly, and unbidden, my tears sprang up, as much anger as relief. I turned my face away and dashed them from my eyes.
"How can you enjoy this?" I whispered to him, scandalised.
It has been a long search, but I have found the ship. The Tree can indeed shed light on Father's fate — this is the most progress I have made on the mystery since I first learned my profession. I must cultivate another fruit and try again. The inconsequential lies I have told until now are obviously too anemic for my purposes; I must be bold, and execute a falsehood of consequence.
He gazed at me from behind heavy lids, his eyes still that uncanny yellow. "Have I hurt you?"
His expression twisted into bitter disappointment, just as it had done, so many years ago, when I fumbled a question of mathematics. "I have already told you, Holmes: lies. No, don't ask me how — it's a metaphysical mystery. Perhaps you will be the one to shed light upon it, so to speak. The fruit will be ready in a day's time, perhaps two. Eat it, and you shall tell me what it revealed to you."
would still be at my side, determinedly guarding my flank as we crossed and criss-crossed Europe. But I could not permit that:
Watson."
struck the news-agents' counters with all the relentlessness of a bell tolling. I dreaded the coming publication of "The Final Problem" with sick foreboding, and as the months passed my mood grew steadily lower. Inevitably the first of December arrived, and my account of Holmes' fatal struggle at the Reichenbach Falls became available for anyone with sixpence to read. There was a terrible finality to the occasion, and I greeted the day as if I had, with a stroke of my pen, sealed Holmes' fate myself.
I reached out to stop the gesture, mortified that my trust in him, once implicit, was now tenuous and shaky. "That's not necessary," I protested.
I had oft before witnessed Holmes' magnetic personality; here, too, it seemed to work its magic, for despite her misgivings Mrs Maberley consented to have us sit. She did not call for tea. I was somewhat uncomfortable to stay where I was clearly so little welcome, but Holmes was unfazed. He sat, and with a most sympathetic expression, leaned forward and fixed his gaze on Mrs Maberley.
I repent of my doubts; it has come to pass. A particularly fine concert with
I saw that firm mouth tremble before he mastered it. "Are you a friend, then? After what I have done to you?"
"No one employs me, madam, and I, too, am grieved by your son's unhappy end. Pray, let us not act rashly, and sit and discuss this like civilized people."
"And the rats," I agreed.
"A great man, Mr Holmes was," my newsagent said, as if Holmes had died just that day. "A sad loss to us all."
But what I mainly felt upon reading the entry was an overwhelming pity: pity that Holmes, when offered something he apparently sincerely wanted, had thought too ill of himself to take it. I had long believed him content with his solitary life; I had not known that he ever wished for another. I had been deeply happy with Mary; I wished that Holmes could have known happiness, too.
"My grandmother had been married to Sherrinford for only a few weeks before he sailed against the tyrant. Penelope did not recognise Ulysses after a twenty-year absence; might my grandmother fail to recognise her husband after ten? We know that only two officers survived the Scylla's foundering, Sherrinford Holmes and Elias Bellamy, and one of them was gravely injured in that event. As officers, they were imprisoned separately from the Scylla's sailors, so there was no one present who could attest to either man's identity. We are told the injured officer was Bellamy, who thereafter died of his wounds, but might it not have been the Scylla's captain, Sherrinford Holmes, who was the injured man? Too gravely ill to protest — or perhaps even too ill to notice — when his lieutenant exchanged their uniform jackets?"
"I disagree. You showed me that I was not yet beyond the society of good men, and furthermore, that there was something I valued more than the solution to my father's mystery."
"Your eyes," I said.
Susan was murmuring her love for Mrs Klein, a constant stream of adulation, as steady and unfailing as the drone in a set of pipes.
I watched him closely as he read. His face betrayed little emotion, and I could not tell if he was satisfied or disappointed with what he had written while under the spell of the fruit. His pupils were still dilated, even beyond what the dim room required. Concerned, I reached up to turn his chin to the lamp. His pupils did not constrict in response to the light; rather, they gleamed from within with a yellow flame, like those of some nocturnal creature lurking beyond the circle of a campfire.
I cursed, startling my former landlady very much. "Dr Watson!" she reproved, but she nevertheless let me in to wait for Holmes. I took the stairs two at a time to the first floor landing.
"Look at those marks, by Jove!" Holmes murmured, his penis leaping in my hand. "A geometer could not do better with a compass and rule!"
"You suggested last night that you would help me knock on every croft door in Ireland, if it would help me find my father's grave." He said it as if he could not be sure that I meant the offer, or if it still held.
I had harboured no reservations about our actions that morning, but Holmes had been very low after. I had assumed that he rebuked himself for being too slow to prevent one man's death and preserve another man's moral innocence, not to mention avoid the strain and terror that poor Mary Harper, Fortescue's fiancée, had undoubtedly felt. It had never for a moment occurred to me that Holmes had questioned the moral rightness of our actions. Even if Holmes had a double motive in protecting poor Fortescue, that did not tarnish the fact that Holmes had given shelter to two innocents, protecting them from further harm. I wished desperately that he had chosen to counsel with me at the time: the strain of the lies he had told was too great for one man to bear alone.
"A sad day, Dr Watson," my newsagent said mournfully, as I bought my morning
Eventually Holmes pulled back the covers and got in, sliding to the far side of the bed; I followed after. I ended up not on my usual side of the bed, and I wondered if observation had for once failed Holmes, or if he had simply not thought to care. He lay back on my pillow, staring at the ceiling as if he planned to lie awake, thinking.
The bookseller raised a doubtful eyebrow, but nonetheless fetched down a copy of
I was not entirely successful in slipping away the next morning, but my disguise gained me a few precious minutes, sufficient to force Moriarty onto a different train from
Holmes took the cheque from her, and I could see that it was drawn on a prominent and well-respected bank, and that where the amount should be written, the line was blank.
"It must be an axe!"
of one solid object striking another.
"I'm rather more concerned about hurting you."
"Touch me, Watson," Holmes panted in my ear, his voice avid. I twisted in his arms, so that I might open his clothing and remove his prick. "There's nothing like a good whipping to get the blood up. Oh, but do not be so surprised, my dear boy. I did say I found the Diogenes Club quite congenial—on the lower levels as well as above. Oh, yes, that's very nice," he crooned, speaking as much about the caress of my hand on his rod as the next wallop that had landed on the back of the unfortunate girl's thighs.
"Come now," he said. "Let us have some tea while Watson does his work, and I shall tell you the story of how I first met your son."
Mrs Hudson spoke up sharply. "Mr Holmes took the key away with him when he died."
"Come sit here with me, my dear boy," Holmes said to me, rearranging himself in his ample armchair so that there was space for me between his knees.
It is not the end I would have chosen for Moriarty, not even after his outrages. I had looked up to him once, admired and respected him. He deserved better than this. I felt only grief and pity as I stood at the lip of that chasm, and I could almost believe the Tree to be the architect of his downfall. I know it has been the architect of mine.
He shut his eyes on a sigh of resignation.
"Rather, she enjoys her mistress's will, and endures all for her pleasure. I've sometimes thought that you are much the same, my dear boy. You are always so charmingly eager to please, obeying my orders without hesitation, even when I have failed to adequately explain myself to you."
"You never intended to reveal yourself tonight, did you?"
"But perhaps a demonstration of devotion and discipline from my darling Susan?" Mrs Klein asked. "I know your tastes do not run to the female form . . ."
"Yes, the tigers, I think," Holmes said, returning the clasp to its case.
It was a neat bit of logic, worthy of Holmes himself, and I congratulated myself upon it. Perhaps Holmes would return soon, now that I had published my account of his death. When he did, he would congratulate me upon my logic, too.
"Mice?" I asked, although she would hardly have summoned me for mice.
She sniffed, no more charitable to his justifications now than the last time she had heard them. "And what were you doing this time?"
The door had flown open, and an enormous mannish woman stepped inside, her hair cropped tight to her skull and her dark skin set off by her fashionably loud gray check suit and salmon-coloured tie. "Oh ho!" she cried, as my purple prick popped from between Holmes' lips and pinged against my thigh, "I've caught you at it, I see! Which of you gentlemen is Mister Holmes?"
Upon entering Holmes' rooms, however, I could not find the dark lantern. It was not on the table where I thought I had left it, nor was it by the door, nor any other place I could see.
"You lied to her," I said, when Mrs Hudson had left.
His eyes gleamed gold.
A telegram arrived the next day, addressed to me:
I might still have him near.
I lingered in the kitchen as long as I could justify. When I returned, he was standing at my desk, composed and reserved, deliberately reading each page of his scribblings through before turning it face-down upon the blotter.
"Yes, mistress," Susan said, levering herself to her feet with that same acrobatic grace. She quickly shed bodice, skirts, and petticoats, then stood quietly as Mrs Klein undid the knot in her corset laces and unlocked the tiny silver padlock at each heel. Soon Susan had shimmied out of the remainder of her clothing, and made ready a leather-padded sawhorse that shared the pink light illuminating the three gay bowls.
"Forgive me, I forgot you shall want a practical demonstration." Removing my dressing gown from the doors again, he stood aside and instructed me to pluck a leaf from the tree. I did so: the foliage was leathery and oily, and pungently aromatic. He carefully shut the cupboard doors again, replacing the draped gown over the crack between them. "Now light the gas."
I am a creature not well-suited to patience, however. I had several times watched Holmes crack a cipher armed with only pure wit — could I do the same? The '2's were suggestive, I thought, and reminiscent of Marryat's 2nd Distinguishing Pendants — and now that the thought occurred to me, they fell in the message exactly where one might expect the proper names of merchant ships to be most useful: well-positioned for the proper names of a salutation and closing. Furthermore, 'X' very frequently led a word in the message, but was used nowhere else: might that not be another of Marryat's indicator flags, suggesting which section of Marryat's should be used? Removing those two characters left me with exactly — yes, ten distinct characters, often collected in 'words' of four characters, which fit Marryat's schema beautifully. This was Marryat's code, I felt sure of it, but put through a second cipher.
Mrs Hudson removed the key to Holmes' rooms from her ring, as well as the latchkey for the front door, and put them into my hand. Both were familiar from the time I had lived there. "Best take these, then, Dr Watson." She gave Holmes' door a worried look. "But is it safe?"
To my amazement, the light revealed the room criss-crossed by gnarled roots and branches, quietly stirring, as if in a breeze. The nearest foliage shrank back from the light of the lantern, the leaves hissing and curling as the rays struck them. I held the lamp aloft to see better, but the action was badly judged: the nearest leaves emitted small wisps of smoke, and seconds later, ignited into flame.
I pounded my fist on the door again, as much to drown out the whispering as to be heard. "If I have engaged in false witness to ill end, then that is on my soul, and my soul alone. But I will not let you have Holmes!"
I went to the fixture and turned the cock; when the light struck the leaf, it smouldered, and after a few fitful seconds, ignited into flame. I cursed and dropped it, stamping it out upon the carpet. Moriarty laughed while I sucked my fingers.
I smoked Holmes' cigarette, almost stupefied by the depth of my feeling.
"Thank God for that," I said, and kissed him again. "For I feel I might do anything for you."
"I would rather you stayed."
Here and there, I glimpsed disembodied eyes peering at me from between the branches: Holmes' criminals, staring down at me from the walls. The room otherwise gave little impression of the man I once knew, instead having the air of a long-abandoned hothouse run riot. Branches hung around Holmes' bed like a curtain, and when I pushed the leaves aside, I could see that under the creeping foliage, his bed was as he had left it that fateful morning we ran for the Continent, the bedclothes pushed back and his nightshirt tossed carelessly across its foot.
"You dislike this," Holmes observed.
I was unable to explain, even to myself, the tumult of everything I felt: my chagrin at being used, my sympathy for his pain, my pity for his decision to endure his trials alone. And above all, nearly drowning the rest: my profound relief to have him returned to me. "You had your reasons."
He stood, his face forbidding. "This is why I did not take you into my confidence before."
"Aye, I remember the man," she said darkly. "Evil, grasping sort of fellow."
"Oh, my goodness! Mr Holmes!" she exclaimed, and I turned to find that she had pushed her way past the drape to enter the room, and was ducking to see beneath the sagging branches. "I heard screaming! What in Heaven's name…!"
Susan spoke up with conviction: "I love you, mistress!"
"My armoire," I volunteered, and I went ahead into my bedroom. Leaving the gas off, so that the room was lit only dimly by the streetlamp, I removed clothing by the armful from my wardrobe to create a space large enough to hold the urn.
The fruit, as small as it was, was apparently potent, for it induced in him a dreamlike trance lasting the better part of an hour. Holmes detailed a jungle scene rich with wildlife, featuring a jewel-green snake that hunted a pair of flying squirrels. Illustrations, rough and untutored, accompanied the narrative. I was not impressed with the vision. Neither was Holmes, for he evidently complained to Moriarty, whose reply was again pasted into the notebook:
I entered cautiously, but the vines seemed to tolerate the dim light from my swaddled lamp; indeed, Holmes had hit upon much the same solution, for as I looked about, trying to make sense of the strange, lush jungle that his room had become, I found a dark lantern sitting just inside the door. I caught it up and ducked back out into the sitting room, this time to exchange lamp for lantern. In the light, I could see the aperture had been fitted with red glass. With the lantern half-shuttered, I again pushed my way into Holmes' bedroom.
"You have read this book, have you not?" Holmes asked gently.
"I am sorry I didn't come before," Holmes said, still looking at Mary's things.
I had no rounds that day, and so wrote Holmes a leisurely reply, heavy with as much diverting detail as I could devise, and put it into the post that same morning. But the problem of Holmes' apparent boredom nagged at me, and when, that afternoon, I found myself in a bookshop, I impulsively asked for a book of Marryat's signal codes.
"The story you told Mrs Hudson about Mecca, perhaps," I suggested. "That would be readily believed, I think."
"Or the travels of Sigerson!" I said, not to be put off, but Holmes ignored me and pushed under the drape covering the door.
"I have a cleaver—"
I shall have the Yard down on him and his petty fiefdom in revenge for laying hands on Mrs Hudson; he shall bitterly regret his man touching her. But the harm is not only to her: he owes me a fruit as well. I shall take it from him personally, and tell such a story about him and the extent of his evil as to sufficiently feed the Tree.
"Holmes!" I said, and stepped forward to catch him in an embrace. It seemed to me that he flinched, but I dragged him to me anyway. The apparent bulk of his physique was only padding, and I could feel his thin limbs and the rise and fall of his chest. His scent filled my nostrils, a scent that I had not known I knew, yet recognised instantly. Tears came to my eyes, and I hugged him more tightly. "Oh, Holmes! Thank God it's true."
followed us, filling that great marble chamber until it echoed.
"Hard work is an antidote to sorrow."
I of course do not credit
But Holmes gave the same answer he had given me. "Just as the courts will not bar you from publishing as you will, only so long as it is the truth, so will they not bar Mr Langdale Pike from publishing the truth as well. Do you really wish to see your son's name dragged through the courts? Then all the newspapers, not only Mr Langdale Pike's, will know of your son's proclivities."
"It was a reward, sir," Susan said, pride in her voice. "For particularly pleasing my mistress. Is it not beautifully done?"
"Holmes!" I called.
But Holmes, too, had fallen into the Tree's orbit, and much more heavily than I. Two years of abstention had done much to clear his mind of its influence, until the taste of a single fruit had threatened to bring him back into its embraces. But it seemed the honest, noxious fogs of London had done much to clear his head.
"It is not the
"I'm afraid that I'll wake, and this will have been a dream."
I was faintly amused; the mathematics tutors at school had always gone on so, entranced with their abstractions while the real world passed unnoticed around them. "And what is mathematics to me?" I asked.
I knew almost nothing of Holmes' father; Holmes had rarely spoken of his family, and then only briefly. What his father's mystery might be, I had no idea.
"Is it that dangerous?" she asked.
Possess yourself in patience. Perhaps your vision will gain greater meaning in time.
It took a little while for Barley to defeat the lock, but eventually he gave a small cry of triumph. The door swung inward to reveal an alcove comprised of heavy black drapes, which concealed what lay beyond as effectively as theater drapes mask a stage's wings. Something rustled indistinctly beyond.
"Yes, mistress," Susan wept, stilling herself.
"This is your home, Mrs Hudson. He surely can't expect you to ignore—"
"The Tree is gone, John," he said, when I hesitated. "I can't promise to give over my deceptive ways entirely — as you pointed out last night, they are entirely too useful in the pursuit of a case. But you may be assured that I shall not be looking for opportunities to practise upon you, and that if I do, it is for the good of the case and no other reason."
He looked at me for a long, silent moment. "No, I would not."
"I can't say that I do."
"Chemicals!" Mrs Hudson exclaimed, half in alarm and half in exasperation. She had argued many times with Holmes about his chemicals, in the years that he lived under her roof. "And the noises?"
It was for
The door to our former rooms was locked; I applied my ear to the keyhole and listened. I heard nothing, but I had not been quiet coming up the stairs; I had likely frightened the occupants into silence. I stood aside and let Mrs Hudson wield the key, then motioned for her to stand back.
That one note was clear above the chaotic tumult of feeling: Holmes lived.
Moriarty was gone, and the fruit with him. With the loss of both, Father's fate seemed as unknowable as ever. My lie about Moriarty's empire of evil was nearly unconscionable in its effect: it might well have contributed to the man’s death. My soul trembled with the lie's weight, and I could not bring myself to orchestrate another such. I could not continue to play with the fates of other men, deserving or not. I have only one thing I may honestly bargain with: myself. If I am to be the benefactor of my lies, then I must bear the cost of them myself.
Once they pulled up outside the school, Sherlock got straight out of the police car and made sure that his coat collar was turned up; adjusting his scarf. The automatic doors to the reception opened and he walked straight through to his daughter's Head of Year's Office. He raised an eyebrow, unimpressed, and knocked loudly on the door. Considering how much of an imbecile he knew this woman to be, he was not about to start playing nice any time soon with her. He opened the door without waiting for permission, to see his 6-year-old daughter sitting in a chair to the side of the desk, swinging her legs backwards and forwards with a smug smile on her face. He smirked as she turned to look at him, seeing that she didn't look the least bit upset or "ashamed" for whatever the reasoning for her being there was. Her smile grew as she saw him, and rushed from the chair to hug his legs. He patted her curly black hair affectionately.
Truth was, all of those specific parts of his life seemed to pass the Doctor by in one big blur. He could barely picture meeting Mary anymore. An image of Sherlock's bloody corpse on the pavement flashed into his mind instead.
He signalled a taxi and they were driven back to 221b, with Amelie asking her dad about various atomic numbers from the periodic table and asking him to quiz her.
"Come on John, don't be boring. Just a little further," Sherlock pulled him further in, the noise of branches snapping under their feet echoed eerily. He let go of John's hand in order to cast Lumos, with John followed suit. The cold autumn air made their breath visible in front of their faces and John wrapped his cloak further around his body.
"What's that?"
Sherlock frowned and did not reply, so John continued. "It's because they're the two days out of the whole week where I share a class with you. As much as this new Defence Professor gets on my nerves - I have you there with me, making it my favourite lesson no matter what," he gave a little chuckle and stroked Sherlock's fingers with his own. "You have no idea how long I've been wishing you'd say that. Seriously, Sherlock- I didn't think for a second that those words would ever come out of your mouth. I didn't think you felt like that," John rested his forehead on Sherlock's knee. "I love you too, you infuriating smart arse. So much. I still can't believe you hadn't deduced that yet."
He couldn't picture proposing. Sherlock standing over him holding a bottle of wine and wearing a pair of glasses and terrified smile.
John felt himself shudder. He gazed ahead of him and could see the older Holmes brother finishing a conversation with Sherlock. His assistant was stood next to him. Andrea, was it? John didn't care about such irrelevancies anymore. Hadn't for a long time.
His Sherlock.
Sherlock gazed down in wonder until John got to his thumb. He then ran those fingers through John's short, greying hair whilst smiling the biggest smile yet.
. Things that actually made him
"The sister-in-law is your murderer Lestrade," Sherlock stated matter-of-factly with a grin. "Obviously it would be someone the victim knew going by the fact that there was no struggle and they had willingly invited them into their home. She felt that Mr Garrett drove her husband to commit suicide with all of the financial trouble he was getting himself and his brother into with his drug addiction, so waited until he'd fallen asleep and injected him with enough heroin to cause a fatal overdose. Revenge is sweet, isn't it?"
"It should be you that comes all the time Dad," Amelie giggled, squeezing his hand and walking twice as fast to keep up with his strides through reception and out of the automatic doors. "Papa just nods his head all the time and says that 'he'll see what he can do.'"
But then Sherlock began walking towards him, and John started walking towards him, and he stopped. That smile was the most radiant thing he'd ever seen. The eyes that were paired with it were gleaming with tears and colours of all things beautiful.
He was finally facing him again now, and John staggered those last few mountain-like steps until he was right in front of him. With his hands strained against his knees he struggled for breath. The weight of what he was about to say was almost crippling.
John had never seen that pale face with eyes so full of colour and emotion and yet his insides felt as if he were burning alive. "Sherlock?"
"Oh my god. I love you. I love you. What am I doing?" he stared around himself in genuine wonder. Then out of the window where all's he could see were clouds.
"Sherlock. He's leaving. For good." Had he blinked recently? His eyes were stinging.
. But out of that whole list...of all the things he'd ever done, or probably ever would do for that matter - leaving John stood in the middle of a runway crying after just telling him he was in love with him was by far the hardest thing he had ever done.
Lestrade let out a sigh of relief. This case had rattled him for weeks. "Well I assume she wiped the prints from the syringe afterwards?"
Sherlock laughed but John detected a hint of sadness behind his eyes. "Neither can I."
He gathers his emotions and tries to stay focused. "We've had a scan - we're pretty sure it's a girl."
What was he supposed to do now?
Then on the sixth his eyes flashed when he eventually heard that voice. But then he all but fell back apart when he realised it had instead gone to voicemail.
"Naturally."
"John, what's going on? You're scaring me." Sherlock was fearful and probably for the first time in life was at a loss for what to do. He'd never seen this side of him before.
"Oh my God." John didn't know who it was who said that...it could have been every single person in Clementine Fields and it could also have been just him. He didn't care. He needed to say this and he needed to say all of it.
"You mean Ms Abercombe? Yeah, she got divorced again."
On the fifth he tugged at his curls and was contemplating giving up.
"No. No! Oh my God," his eyes were wide as he stared into the phone screen half expecting the voicemail to continue. It didn't, and his insides coiled. "Did he get off the plane? Did he get off the plane!"
Sherlock laughed as if the Doctor had just asked him what one plus one equalled. But then his face softened and he stroked John's cheek a little more. There were fresh tears in his eyes when he next opened his mouth. "Because you were the only one to call me extraordinary when everybody else called me a freak."
"No I need to get off the plane, alright? I need to tell somebody I love them."
"Fine, but you know that I'll probably only make the situation worse."
"Shut up. Come on, we have double Defence," John cut him off and rolled his eyes.
"No," he choked out. " Let him off the plane!" Hearing Sherlock arguing with her was like hearing an execution over the phone. It was like it was happening for him in real time even though he knew it wasn't. A sick feeling slowly seeped into the pit of his stomach and sat there taunting him like an all-ending virus.
John decided to forget about confessions for the moment because he knew time was something they both lacked and did he hell want to mess that part up. He searched for a different approach, desperately trying not to give any indication on how much more this conversation was killing him with every second.
He was smiling tiredly. But also coyly. But most of all - joyfully.
His love.
"And then what?" he heard himself ask anyway. But all his focus had gone. He didn't hear what Sherlock said next for he was undone and he didn't have a clue what to do about it.
He dared not to think about Sherlock.
Excitement.
He tries to say those all important words but when he next opens his mouth all's he seems to muster up is a pathetic: "I can't think of a single thing to say."
No, the final straw came when that extraordinary man - his best friend, partner in crime and absolute everything in this entire world stopped holding his hand and finally let go.
"Please, please stay with me. I'm so in love with you, please don't go."
And at that moment, it was like a shotgun had sounded somewhere in the distance, waking up parts of his brain that the cocaine had pushed into the background. It was as if a live wire had electrocuted the parts in his brain's frontal lobe that were in charge of control and common sense.
Two rings.
"Well I'm busy here - I thought children didn't finish until three?" he asked with a frown.
"Mycroft. We have to go." She must have asked him to clarify more than once because she was now at his side putting her coat on.
"They didn't give me any details, they just said that her attitude is getting out of hand and that we're needed there urgently," Sherlock could mentally see him rubbing his eyes whilst sitting at his desk.
John let out a breath. Then felt himself sway on the spot slightly. He shook his head to rid himself of whatever fear had taken hold of his bones so his brain could scream at his legs to just go.
flat, giving off the presence of a Greek God.
The sound of the clock ticking in the bedroom had amplified by a hundred and if he could have chosen that moment to lock his body and escape into a mind palace of his own then he would have.
Mycroft was looking at John with a strange look in his eye. He began to sweat. He knew what he wanted to say. He could tell by the hard stare he was being given that Mycroft knew it too. Just as he was about to open his mouth, Sherlock did instead.
"I got off the plane," said a voice from behind him. It was deep. Baritone. A voice that he'd come to know so well that merely hearing it made his knees weak. John would've turned quicker than the speed of light if his knees hadn't done just that. When he eventually did, he saw Sherlock standing in the doorway to his flat -
“You know English and you know German; Dutch should come almost naturally.”
To his credit, Mycroft did not deny it. “It is a solid theory, yet there are too many small observations that contradict. The timing is inconsistent; one might even say suspicious. Moreover, it is doubtful he is clever enough to create such a ruse, nor do I believe him to be a gifted enough actor to continue the charade for so long as he has.”
Holmes made an inscrutable noise in the back of his throat. "You do look pale,” he remarked. “Please, tell me everything to do with the business.”
“Not all of them,” Mycroft corrected. “Widen your focus, brother.”
"You look better," she agreed as she stepped inside, setting the tea tray down and fixing him a cup, unaware he was perfectly capable of doing so himself. She tutted at him as he took it from her one handed. "Poor dear... If you need anything just let me know. I'll likely tolerate you for a week, at least."
“Graves atop graves. Bodies thrown down the same hole with the caskets, and the earth refilled. Seven in all, including one poor soul inside the house, newly dead.” That would be the man Holmes had tried to save. They were likely waiting until nightfall to dispose of the corpse, along with his own...
Watson swallowed and tried not to feel his heart tug. "Only if you wish me to."
“You will leave me here.”
you the only vampire in London,
Watson drank deeply, overcome with sanguine bliss as Holmes' blood filled his mouth, hot and alive and beguiling. Holmes tasted exquisite, even better than he'd dreamed he would in that dark, unacknowledged place in his heart where he kept such treacherous desires. Warmth spread all through him as hot blood flowed into his cold limbs, the detective's life becoming his own. Holmes' surface thoughts washed over him; his scientific analyses slowly fading as his pulse raced.
“At the risk of discrediting my own story, those could have been made by anyone,” Watson countered.
Holmes stared at him expectantly until Lestrade moved off to find someone to ask. Then he rifled quickly through the man’s pockets, finding exactly what he expected to. On the whole, it was almost criminally cliché.
“Is there anything else? Why didn't it kill
A chill did not run down his spine, but only because he was used to such horrors. He backed out, and shut the door. Then he simply stood there for a moment and breathed.
"So the entertainment must be relevant? Or interesting enough to fully divest your attention from the case."
try to Order me again," he said, voice black as midnight, "or I
A sudden noise at the widow and he looked up sharply. Watson sat crouched just inside the casement, staring at him like a drowning man taking in air. "Holmes-"
And just for a moment, all was fine.
“Guilty”, John says, still smiling, “it was the only thing I could think of to get you to talk to me. You've been running from me for three months now....I was getting desperate.”
'Sir, good afternoon', he said as a smile he could not contain spread over his face.
Of course not.
More vulnerable, softer.....somehow, more......something.
John gets more than a little pleasure out of annoying him and as an added bonus it seems to amuse Sherlock too.
He remembers one night where they were sitting outside on John's porch again.
The man's hand is cold and clammy and John is reminded of maggots devouring something long dead.
Sherlock puts his bags in the trunk of Mycroft's car.
If Sebastian said anything as John left he didn't hear it. He was far too busy worrying about Sherlock's uncharacteristic departure and trying to catch up with him.
“I don't know”, John replies, “when we were kids you were all limbs.....long arms and legs....now everything about you is tall......the rest of you seems to have caught up.......it looks good on you.”
My mother takes both of my hands in hers before she continues talking. Her skin is surprisingly warm. I had forgotten how warm her hands can be.
I am powerless to stop it.
'Do you want to be bonded?'
To the present.
Please let them remember this.
Thunder is gathering just beyond the horizon and it makes his skin tingle and his mind race.
His head hurts.
It feels exactly like John Watson.
“If you would just at least tell me the extant of his injuries I would be able to form some kind of plan
Molly and I are standing together in a relatively quiet corner of the living room.
Sherlock here?
(See the end of the chapter for
While traversing the meadow John soon realized that a lot of the flowers in the meadow were flowers he'd never seen before.
Mary throwing it at him. Her face red, angry, nothing like her. Nothing like how she was when they first met. When they first got together.
*****************************************************
“The door is locked”, he says.
I nod.
Holmes sighs again as he closes his eyes and leans himself against John.
He hardly sleeps at night and during the day he looks worn, nervous and thin.
His posture is stiff, straight and menacing and if looks could kill, Mary's presence here would not be a problem for very much longer.
Or....it used to work.
“He has found us another lead”, Holmes says. Smile widening.
A flustered Sherlock is what dreams are made of.
John looks away.
This is the fourth round in a row that he has won.
She still beckons for him to follow her.
But before he is able to react, reach out his hands and pull John close to him where he belongs, John has already moved back again.
And yet, every time Mrs. Scott claps her hands and proclaims the class is over for now, that they should practice hard and that she'll see them all back next week, John comes walking up to Sherlock, smile on his face, hair delightfully mussed, hands in his pockets and asks: “are you coming?”
There's a shop that sells kitchen supplies but I  don't recognize anything they have displayed in their window. Everything's got hinges and chrome handles and there's a fine layer of dust on quite a couple of items.
“Maybe.”
Sherlock blinks his eyes a couple of times.
and he lets me.
They used to be inseparable.
'John?' Sherlock tried.
He would gaze at his ceiling as he lay in bed. Restlessly. Thinking about the stars....the sun....John......
The next time.
The flustered and somewhat guilty look on his face would be endearing if John wasn't still at least a little bit cross with him.
Mycroft puts his fork down too now.
Sherlock could do none of those things.
When John looks to his side he sees that the man sitting next to him is still very much asleep.
He searches for the words to give meaning and reason to it. Some form of explanation.
Things have been set in motion that cannot be undone.
“I don't know if I'll get clean once they release me from the hospital. I've tried before. It's never worked.”
Or....maybe....just nothing at all.
The movie is nice.
Maybe this is not a sad end perse.....maybe it's more 'wistful'.
We both laugh then.
John has never seen him thin unhinged.
But there's this tone in his voice that I don't recognize.
Blond and short next to black and curly.
He does his best to not think about how he had woken up with Holmes in his arms yet again that morning.
A couple of people try to talk to me but I quickly put an end to any and all attempts of conversation.
It felt different this time. It felt more final. He felt as if he was dreaming, but also more awake then he had ever been at the same time.
Finn snickered.
And then he is there.
His words come too fast and too fluent. This is a rehearsed speech just like some of the other lies he told me.
I need to go home.
What if.........
“Sherlock?!” he says. Unable to keep himself from sounding anything but utterly and completely baffled.
Finn gives him a sly grin that, for the briefest of moments, has a hint of deep sadness and melancholy to it.
Greg must be somewhere in his late twenties but he has already gone completely gray. It is a nice look on him though and he wears his short silver locks with pride. He's just a bit shorter than Sherlock, but not nearly as delicate with broad shoulders and a muscular chest and arms. He also almost always seems to have a tan, no matter what the weather conditions are.
Had you known then.
The kiss is sudden and short and unexpected but it's still able to set off fireworks behind his eyes.
Especially in the sunshine Mycroft, with his almost ginger hair and pale complexion, is a sight to behold.
He wishes he could melt into the crowd and disappear but John is already jogging towards him. A smile on his face.
The cold darkness that oozes from the dark man is slowly starting to drown out her thoughts and her powers.
“Good morning”, he replies as he sits up against the headboard and lightly rubs his temple. He has a mild headache. Nothing to be worried about. It will pass.
The taste of Watson's lips. Moving oh so willingly and gentle against his own.
“I assure you, I had my wits about me at all times”, Sherlock replies.
But I was as sure then as I had been centuries before.
Sherlock is in the middle of taking another sip when Mr. Watson starts speaking again.
Instead of being laughed at he now gets to laugh with them and whenever he bumps into one of them in the hallways on his way to class there's always a friendly “Hello, Sherlock!”.
It just makes me feel like a somebody again.
What if John gets turned off by his inexperience.
Waiting for the man at the bar to approach him.
“No way”, for a moment I think Andrew knows. That he has, somehow, recognized John just by the hair on his knees or the curve of his legs but all he says is: “you're dating a rugby-guy!?”
As Sherlock walks these halls now in his adult life on his way to his second ever meeting with The All he recognizes the bench he and Mycroft had sat on. It had seemed larger in his memories.
Outside a car alarm goes off.
And, if I'm being completely honest, I'm just not sure if that's something that John really wants.
It's a date!
'She didn't seem to like you one bit.' John was still a bit shell shocked by the whole encounter.
They were sitting side by side amongst the tall grass.
Help him see that John thinks the world of him......and apparently so does Mycroft.
John sighed. Math was hard.
He's looking at himself in a full length mirror as a young girl, a seamstress working for the tailor, is taking his measurements to see if the suit still needs to be taken in somewhere.
And somehow I just feel angry.
“You lied to me”, he says. His tone of voice rising. Several people seated around them shush him.
Who sees.
“Why do you think Mary doesn't like me?”
“I'm afraid I should be heading out soon but.......Could I....perhaps.....see you again tonight?”
Although, admittedly, a part of him was looking forward to finding out more about Holmes there was also a part of him that questioned his masters motives.
'Same as a regular mage, but I guess he thought it made him sound more interesting this way. He just made it up.'
And today he knows that Morgana is waiting inside of his mind.
John sort of said something along those lines when they spoke earlier.
I just stare at her with my mouth slightly opened because I cannot quite figure out who or what this unassuming girl with the  permanent sad smile really is.
It gives him time to think.
He is floating along the stars and moon. Through unknown galaxies where the bright sound of a young boy's laughter echoes off of the planets.
When he opens his eyes, slowly blinking a couple of times to remove all traces of sleep left in them, the sun shining through a crack in the curtains temporarily blinds him and it makes the room around him look over-saturated and otherworldly.
Neither of them is free of sin.
“Master Holmes has an urgent trip he needs to make.”
He just cast his eyes down before looking away decidedly and swallowing heavily.
He has used a fire-spell to do so, effortlessly, almost without thinking.
“.....and ever since, posies have been my favorite flowers”, Miss Huntington concludes her, no doubt riveting, tale.
There is no telling when they will see each other again.
So, thank you, each and every one of you. You are all amazing.
It feels very good to come back to this story. I've been away far too long.
Just a fling?
I wish I could do what we did before.
“Mary had nothing to do with this”, is what he ends up saying. Not really an answer to Mrs. Hudson's question but he has already hurt Mary enough. He feels that, if he is going to lose his job, he doesn't want to take Mary down with him.
At least beginnings offer the opportunity for something better than you previously had.
John doesn't know what to say. He has lost his appetite completely now.
“I......”, Sherlock says.
Even though this  place seems like nothing out of the ordinary, the feeling of being watched has still not left him entirely.
If I close my eyes, for a moment, I can almost feel his breath on the skin of my cheek again and the warmth and weight of his body as he pushes himself against me.
“I hate you”, John says.
He's not jealous.
He feels cold all over.
“Simple. That you
And that moment.
I'm about ten minutes in to Stephen Fry delivering detective stories to my ears when I notice someone else sitting down on the bench beside me.
*************************************************************
This time the spell does work.
'You play the violin?'
The sharp truth hidden behind temporarily stunning and blinding me.
“That went better than I thought it would”, John says. A smile on his face. Sherlock is mesmerized by the way the sunlight highlights his eyelashes and tries to commit the image to memory.
Still lost for words John just nods.
I want to hear more.
Sherlock is pretty sure the nurses just assume John is his boyfriend.
'Even longer, if we're lucky',  she had replied and laughed her hearty laugh that John was starting to know very well.
Because the truth is far too heavy.
It had been quick and filthy and shameful....and very very hot.
As the weeks passed, trading one day in for another, December slowly rolled around. Bringing with it heavy, icy rainfall and thunderstorms. On one particularly stormy and dreary day the heavy weather lasted well into the night and John had trouble sleeping as strong winds assaulted the barn where his room was. Cold gusts of wind slipping in between the cracks, rattling the woodwork and spooking the horses. Not even his familiar nightmare would come and he started to imagine that he was hearing all kinds of strange noises in the howling wind. Until he actually did.
Why is he so desperate to know more about Sherlock.
Now all he's got to show for it is a coffeepot filled with hot water.....
He feels lighter somehow.
Was this all connected to Holmes? To magic? To his strange nightmares? The magpie he kept seeing more and more frequently? The woman in his latest dream?
Greg shoots Eric a look.
Holmes stops what he is doing, left boot only halfway on, and looks extremely caught out.
He wants getting to know everything about each other.
“Of course I will.”
I nod.
She will rain down all her might and fury upon him and she will do it when and where he least expects it.
The screen of my phone will light up and it'll just be him telling me he's just woken up or that he's in class and bored or what he's having for dinner or that he's just thinking about me.....
She glances to the rugby-table and then back at me before leaning over the table conspiratorially.
John un-sticks his head as he jolts upright.
What shines within him are his kind heart and selfish nature. Admirable qualities for sure but hardly magical.
They still know each other.
He's finally starting to feel relaxed, at ease, not as watched anymore.
If the stranger tried to overpower him he might not be able to fight him off.
In the end the truth finally seems to have found them.
Finn hardly ever rode a horse and so he continued on foot by Sherlock's side.
So I just end up not saying anything.
“No.”
Whenever he traveled with Holmes he always made sure to stoke the fire up extra high though.
John is genuinely confused now.
A couple of times John tries asking Holmes some questions but he either doesn't answer or gives him that same icy stare again.
Is John mad?
the day ends.
John isn't sure what kind of game she is trying to play but everything she does these days seems to be planned and calculated. Following a hidden agenda that only she is privy to.  He decides to play along for now, make a move of his own and see where it will lead them.
So John just turned himself around in the windowsill and started tracing the drops of water again as he pressed his forehead to the cool glass.
Are they falling for each other? Oh no, what a twist!
Oh so gently.
This is not him. This is just a part he has learned to play and there is a part of me that violently rebels at it that maybe should have rebelled sooner.
He feels dirty.
But for now...in his mind....he calls John his own. As often as he can. For as long as he still can.
He drags Sherlock through the room, up the stairs and into a bathroom.
He was hoping he was finally going to get some answers tonight.
It helped soften the sharp and cold expression he usually wore. The facade he put up for almost everyone he met. To John these rare smiles always reminded him of the sun breaking through the clouds and, as with the actual sun, he always felt just a bit warmer when it was directed at him.
But here, in this perfect moment, he finds that he does not care.
He never has.
I finish my bowl anyway, put it in the sink, decide to wash it and put it away for good measure, sit down on the sofa and turn on the tv.
