“Get on the bed,” I commanded, and released him. He tore away from the wall and flung himself back on the mattress, across the stained floral bedspread. “Over,” I said, and shoved him so that he was lying on his stomach. He writhed on the bed, humping it to get some friction, his arse lifting and dipping with the movement. “Stop that,” I ordered. He wasn’t allowed to like this. He didn’t get a reward for ruining my life. I pushed him back down and held him with one hand as I unzipped my trousers and brought out my cock.
It was by one of the fountains in Trafalgar Square, some random memorial for some long-dead historical person; Sherlock didn’t really know or have any interest in finding out who. He’d thought, by his and John’s text message conversation three days before, that they’d come here to roll-play. He was very excited; he’d gotten a disguise and everything, researched his character, developed an accent—American tourist, lost in the heart of London, needed someone to help him find his way home.
In the video there was a girl of about five years old and she was running in a park. She had long dark hair that swayed in the air as she ran and cut back and forth and climbed and bounced up to the slide and held the bar above it and sat and grinned. He knew it was her although she looked nothing like him and only just maybe a bit like the woman who had given birth to her. It was her and Sherlock was right and he had found her, safe and happy and playing at a park.
John stared at him for a moment. “That you’re
And, oh, a young woman chained to the wall next to him.
me,” John’s eyes were shining, his body trembling with rage. “You
“Nobody! I made it up,” she said proudly. Anna held the fillet with one hand and the bloodied rock with the other and waited for him to praise her for the ingenious process she’d devised. She seemed un-phased by the killing and by the crying girl a few paces away.
“Mmmmm.” John closed his eyes. “I love it when you say ‘cock.’”
Anna shifted in her seat and brought her hands to her lap, taking turns digging her nails into the opposite tips of her fingers, one-by-one. “I don’t know what to call you,” she said, finally.
“Ungh.” John made a noise like a gurgling drain. Presumably he was trying to speak, though what he was actually doing was sending a pulse of electricity via sound straight to my groin. He cleared his throat. “That.”
She looked up at Moriarty. She felt as powerful and fearless as she’d felt in her whole life.
John pulls down Sherlock’s trousers and pants and puts his mouth around Sherlock’s erection without a second thought. More sounds come out, more lovely sounds, and John thinks he’ll do anything to hear those sounds forever, even if that anything amounts to him sucking on the other man’s cock. After a few moments, not long at all, Sherlock suddenly grasps the back of John’s head with his strong, spindly fingers and pulls it off his prick, then sits up and literally falls into him on the wall again. Sherlock’s pants are around his ankles and his shirt is flapping open and he’s grinding his bare crotch into a wet spot against the front of John’s trousers. “John, John, please.” There it is, another beg, and John’s hands fly up to pull the detective into him by the waist. “What do you want,” John murmurs, except it comes out like a growl, and he’s startled because it doesn’t even sound like his own voice.
“Over th-there,” Sherlock said, and his voice was strained and exhausted. He blinked slowly and took a shaky breath. “Left. Y-your left.” He wheezed and rallied another breath. “It’s thicker.”
The teacher finally found her voice. “That is quite enough of that! Class… say ‘Thank you, Mr. Holmes.’”
“I didn’t even know you
Anna sat in silence for a moment, absorbing all of the information. She took a breath to speak, but Mycroft cut her off before she could start. “I’m assuming your next question will be, ‘Then who is my real father?’ To which I will respond, ‘That is the real reason I’m here.’” Mycroft crossed his legs again, and folded his hands in his lap. “Your father, most regrettably, is the man who
, about her. She was very nice. A very
“Sherlock, Jesus.” John came forward and laid a hand on my shoulder, to steady me. I wrenched it out of his grasp. His expression grew hard and he stood up straighter, his fists clenched at his sides. “Being in love hasn’t ruined you. It’s not fucked up your Work. It’s made it better, if you think about it. Just stop freaking out for a second.”
John sighed again from the couch, still slumped down in defeat. “I know, Sherlock,” he said. “And I have a family, now. ‘Dangerous’ is all the more reason why I
“You were dead,” was what came out of Sherlock’s mouth.
He stared at the ground. “I don’t think… your father…”
He really didn’t remember—didn’t think his parents had said anything to him about sex. What he remembered was being a little boy, probably five or six, and fighting with Mycroft about something or other. Their fights as children usually devolved to them trying to one-up the other, finding things that they knew that the other didn’t. On this particular occasion, Mycroft, being several years older, smirked in his little-boy way and had said, “You’re so stupid, you probably don’t even know what ‘sex’ is.”
Molly began to cry. “She found out… he told her that Moriarty was her real father, and—“
Anna shivered at the thought of lying to Moriarty; it was a frightening prospect that she was in no way ready for. Getting caught in a lie by Sherlock would result in shouting and pale-eyed glaring and attempted grounding, but getting caught in a lie by Moriarty would most likely result in her death.
Sherlock waited until the door was closed before getting out himself. He popped out around the front of the vehicle. “John!” he called, to John’s retreating figure.
“I’ll need a scalpel,” Sherlock announced, putting out his hand without looking up. Molly sighed and handed him one, and watched him make a few incisions in silence. “Do what?” he inquired, suddenly.
He wasn’t a sassy eight-year-old girl.
Whew, this one was difficult to get through, especially the last few chapters... I wasn't sure how to wrap everything up, and I'm still not sure if I'm completely satisfied with the ending. Feedback is appreciated! Thank you for reading :)
“Don’t forget, John,” said Sherlock, his voice gone up an octave, “she was perfectly willing to sacrifice both our lives on a whim. Do you really want someone like
Sherlock came out quietly from the bedroom and found Molly standing with her back to the door, trying to wipe her eyes and hide the fact that she was crying again. He suddenly felt guilty that he had been so short with her earlier, and turned her around to put his arms around her. She kissed his cheek, and he felt the spot where her lips had touched him tingle pleasantly. He bent his head and kissed her lips.
,” he mouthed, nodding in the direction of the crowd. Sherlock drew himself up and went back into the room, breaking up the party, pushing people out the door, clearing the room for his best friend.
After nearly ten minutes of pleading through the door, John finally gave up and went to his cupboard—the one with the whiskey. Sod his therapist. Sod sobriety. If there was ever a time he needed a drink, it was in this moment. John took a swig straight from the bottle (it was almost empty anyway) and went to sit back at Sherlock’s door. Fuck it, he’d camp out here if he had to.
“What? You’re leaving? Why?” She, too, looked at Sherlock. “What’s going on?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John stared at her, open-mouthed.
The name edged out of Sherlock’s lips, unconsciously said in exhale. Like an involuntary reflex, like when John used to work in the surgery and tap that silly little hammer in just the right spot on people’s knees and watch the kick that came after.
, of all that?”
It was not that far to the cabin but it was far enough for Sherlock’s half-conscious weight to be nearly unbearable and John’s bones to ache with the cold of the water and the snow.
“I’m—I’m to warn you that these next images are very graphic,” said the anchor, completely bewildered. “This is security footage of the suspect’s escape. She is… she is said to be armed and extremely dangerous.”
Sherlock’s mouth went dry. “It’s a bit in poor taste, to say that now,” he remarked, his voice cold, “what with your dead wife newly buried a hundred meters away.”
“Later that night, I lay next to your father in bed and cried. Because I’d done that to him. I’d drilled into his head, in the six short years he’d been on this Earth, that he needed to focus on his career, his purpose in life, and not let sentiment get in the way the same way I had. But in doing so, I’d made him into a machine. He wasn’t human any more.
The Major inclined his head in a goodbye and walked off down the hall. Sherlock watched his retreating figure, deep in thought, then turned back to look at John through the window—and was startled when John caught his eye. “
I remember being thirteen, as every other previously-adolescent human remembers, and thinking about sex as the purest form of ecstasy. All good feelings, good sounds, good smells—nothing bad about it whatsoever. But I’d only thought it was that way because I’d only ever masturbated, and that’s all masturbation was, just pure pleasure with no strings attached.
John ignored him, instead advancing toward Carruthers, his gun still at attention, looking for all the world like a raging bull. He stepped up to Carruthers’ side and kicked him, hard. Carruthers shouted in pain—John used the distraction to grab his cuffed hands and drag him over to the table. He pulled out a second pair of handcuffs from his back pocket and clasped the first pair to the table leg.
“No, no,” Sherlock told him. “Really, I’d just like to sleep a while. Why don’t you go for a walk, go see some of your… you know… doctor friends.”
“You’ve got my giant feet, too,” he said, looking at them poking out from under the blanket.
Anna cried harder, embarrassed but unable to stop. “Please don’t die,” she said, not looking at him.
“I will not trade her for anything,” said another voice, crisply.
He visibly relaxed, and ran a hand through his hair. “I don’t know how you can blame me. You call everyone an idiot, whether you’re in love with them or not.” He smiled a little.
Ella turned to him. “John, if you wouldn’t mind, I’ll have Mr. Holmes answer his own questions.”
Lestrade blinked into the darkness, his eyes adjusting a bit more: through the door there was a staircase, all the way straight down about ten steps, and at the bottom, another door. The other door was gigantic—industrial-sized, like that of a walk-in freezer—and Lestrade felt the hairs stand up on the back of his neck. He descended carefully, his gun still drawn and in front of him, his eyes wide, trying to take in as much light as they could. He reached the bottom step, his heart nearly beating out of his chest. He grabbed the handle, turned it slowly and quietly…
But what if....
John groaned with pleasure.
As John carried the girl down the hall, he turned and whispered, “Alright, love, time for bed,” into her hair and got an unexpected whiff of Sherlock’s scent. He stopped and sniffed again—it must have been from her sleeping on Sherlock’s lap. He didn’t see Sherlock much, these days, and he’d forgotten how Sherlock’s smell lingered like that.
John nodded, accepting Sherlock’s terms: he wouldn’t ask him what happened, wouldn’t make him talk to the police. He was going to protect him, now. He drew himself up. “Would you still like me to examine you?”
“Well, throw it out,” Mrs. Hudson ordered. “Whatever experiment you’re doing, throw it out, and take all of your other experiments somewhere else. Because I’m having the exterminator come next week, and that’s final.” She turned and stomped down the stairs.
The good thing about it was, that unlike the dog, Sherlock weighed more than John and so had broken through the ice at a thicker point than John would have done. John took it carefully across the pond and when he got close he lay down on the ice to spread out his weight. “Grab my hand,” he said and reached out as he shimmied forward.
The footage showed the girl killing her way out of the museum.
—face. “How did you
“She’s not home.”
John giggles around my cock, and I wonder (not for the first time) if he knows what I’m thinking. He pulls his head up. “What the passersby must think,” he says, pretending to be scandalized.
“Sherlock,” Molly choked out, her eyes soft on his. “You’ve always had me.”
“That’s over two thousand people,” said Lestrade, heavily. “They need some kind of profile to help narrow it down.” He looked and me. “Sherlock? Anything?”
Sherlock had done this before. It was fairly obvious, the way he had positioned himself, the way he knew to bear down, the way he let out a breath of pleasure instead of sucking in one of pain. John had some experience, too, at least from the position he was in now, but only with women, and he’d suspected that none of them had actually enjoyed it all that much. At any rate, it had been many, many years since John had done it, and he’d forgotten how
Sherlock had severely miscalculated. Instead of being able to put his fantasies of John into the back of his mind, they were multiplying, spreading, growing, taking
“I—I—“ John sputtered.
John finished milking the cow and then checked the pipes in the barn and in the house. He reinforced a couple with the insulation he’d purchased the month prior in preparation for the winter. By the time he was done it was getting dark and he went back to the barn to feed the cow and the chickens. He put out food for the cat as well, though he hadn’t seen it in a few days. It was probably off feasting on the mice that had come inside from the cold. Good, thought John. That was the only reason to have a cat anyway.
“I—I like it—”
“Just wait ‘til she’s a teenager.” Lestrade shook his head. “It’s complete chaos, twenty-four-seven. Don’t know how I manage to stay afloat.” He smiled again. “You know, we should go for a pint sometime. Just the dads, a little break from reality.”
I came, pumping gracelessly into John’s hand, with the suspicion that I might have made an undignified sound or two in the process. It was hard to keep track of.
If it had been any other time, Sherlock might have tutted awkwardly into John’s ear, said something to the effect of “Well, now, there’s no need for
Sherlock closed his eyes.
“I thought you should know, John has been officially pronounced dead. I’ve already made funeral arrangements for this coming Saturday, I’ll have a car round nine o’clock to pick you up. Do let me know if you have any suggestions for the ceremony.”
, John thought, his mind a bit soft.
“Ok!” said Anna, and ran off in the direction of the other children.
And he left.
John searched his face. “What happened, Greg? Where did you find him?”
“You vomited all over a crime scene!”
“A special brand of stupid,” I acknowledged.
Sherlock’s face twitched into the hint of a smile. “Of course, you do,” he said, gently.
“This is more than extreme. Do you know what I’m doing right now? I’m cataloging the gurgling in your stomach.
A lump formed in his throat.
For all of Molly’s cleverness, she could sometimes be quite thick. “My mother had an affair,” Anna explained. “With Jim Moriarty.”
John sat there for a moment, trying to decide what to do. And then he had a thought that he knew Sherlock was going to absolutely hate, but it seemed like the best option he could come up with.
The woman’s smile grew, and her friend giggled annoyingly. “Which hotel are you staying at?”
John tiptoed back down the stairs and waited a few more moments before running up again, making sure to pound his feet as he went. He knocked heavily on the door and burst through without waiting for an invitation. “Good morning Mrs. Hudson,” he said, cheerily. “Morning, Sherlock.”
closed, somewhere… below him? It had made the glass rattle in the picture frames. He crept further down the hallway and stopped at a door to his right, which was slightly ajar. His heart pounded in his chest as he reached a hand inside his jacket to grab his gun, then the handle of the door. He steeled his nerves and flung it open.
“Home” was a place that John, for most of his life, hadn’t associated with anything good. “Home” as a child meant the house he lived at with his alcoholic parents and ill-tempered, destructive, eventually-to-be-alcoholic herself older sister. “Home” in the military was an empty flat in London that, unlike war, couldn’t offer a sufficient distraction from the demons he’d garnered in his childhood. “Home” two days ago was a place that he shared with his wife and daughter, in a life that he didn’t feel he deserved, nor really even knew if he wanted, anymore.
“I thought about you every day. Every second. How I wanted to touch you, to have you touch me back—“
Mary Watson was a touchy subject around the Holmeses—well, really, around anyone who had known her. Anna knew that she had betrayed John in some way, and it had resulted in his death, but that was about all she could get from anyone. Mary had disappeared, afterward, but to where, and why… Anna had stopped asking those questions a long time ago.
“There’s no ‘point’ to it at all; we’re family, Sherlock. Therefore, I would risk my wellbeing to protect you, but I will not for Lestrade.”
he wondered. But in spite of how upset he still was with her, the sight pulled at his heartstrings. “Molly…” he said, giving in and walking over to her. “Molly, look at me.” His voice was stern, but she kept her head in her hands. “Molly!” Sherlock got down and sat on the edge of the coffee table in front of her. He pulled her hands away from her face.
Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin.
“There’s no way your lack of experience at sex could make me leave. For God’s sake, I’m just as new as you are at this, in some ways. And actually,” he looked upward, thinking. “I’m sort of glad you’re a virgin. That way you won’t know how terrible
Sherlock complied, with a smile of satisfaction… and relief.
Sherlock was attempting to break the glass with a piece of metal piping that had fallen from the blast hole, but the attempt was clearly a fruitless one. Lestrade saw that, and must have realized that Sherlock was not going to open the cage, or break it, or in any way retrieve John before the bomb went off. He stared through the glass and into John’s weary, swollen eyes.
anything that means ‘Dad.’ It wouldn’t be fair to him, you see.”
John’s hands were in fists again, clenching and unclenching, on both sides of his hips. “Don’t you fucking lie to me,” he said, and he was furious. “After everything, Sherlock. Don’t you fucking lie.”
“Clearly.” Sherlock just wanted him to shut up now, leave him to his thoughts. He was still angry with him, anyway, for involving Anna in the whole mess. “When will he be ready to leave?”
But now, she had to actually interact with people her age, and not just in politeness—they were a band, so they had to play music, which involved
appropriate. Ironic.” He chuckled. “Do you need to… you know… take care of it?”
. So you must not kill them all,” he went on, deducing as he talked, “otherwise, it wouldn’t matter.”
Anna’s dark eyes stared into his. “That you’re my father.”
Mary peeked around John’s back to where Sherlock was standing uncomfortably, an absurd-looking noisemaker in one hand and a glass of half-gone “grown-up drink” in the other. John looked at him over his shoulder and tried to hold in a laugh as Mary strutted up and planted a large kiss on his lips. Sherlock’s eyes grew very wide, and when she pulled away, his face was bright crimson.
for?”
John looked up at Sherlock through blurry eyes.
“Mr. Holmes, why is your surname different from Anna’s?
, he thought.
Anna’s eyes immediately went to the picture Sherlock kept on the mantle, the one of her and John: she was a baby, barely four months old, and John was lifting her up above his head, and they were smiling at each other. It was her favorite picture of them together. “Not my father,” she breathed in echo. She stared at his grinning face in the photograph. “Did he know?” She looked back at Mycroft. “Did he know that he wasn’t…”
“Wembley,” I managed.
“Three,” Sherlock corrected.
“So,” began Moriarty, rocking subtly on his feet, his hands behind his back. “Annalise Watson. Perhaps the last person I’d expect to see standing in front of me of her own free will. Not many people do that, you know. Most people are too scared.” His eyes flickered large and he came closer. Anna caught a scent of very strong cologne. “And you especially, Annalise. You must be very brave.”
“She’s up to something,” Sherlock grumbled as he made the first incision into Mr. Thompson. The sixty-nine year-old, obese man had clearly died of a heart attack, but as Sherlock was reminded by Molly Hooper almost daily, determining the cause of death was not the only purpose of an autopsy. There needed to be examinations of internal organs and weights and lengths recorded and other such boring tasks to accomplish.
will ever see it again.”
. But he couldn’t deny that there had always been some sort of attraction there, ever since they’d first met in the laboratory of St. Bart’s. He hadn’t really examined it, but he supposed now that it had played a role of significance in the fast intimacy that grew between them, played into the fact that John was the first person in Sherlock’s entire life whom he’d actually cared about—enough to fear losing him. Fear was not one of Sherlock’s regular, few emotions; dangerous situations normally excited him, stimulated his intellect and curiosity. But in the case of John, danger made him feel nauseous, panicked. He’d grown attached. He’d grown very attached.
John pulled and Sherlock stood, swaying forward and John caught him before he could slip. He slid his arm behind Sherlock’s back so that Sherlock could lean on him while he climbed out. John grabbed a towel for him and draped it around his shoulders. “I’m going to get you some clothes,” he said and took the last towel for himself and went straight to his room. As he moved he looked down and saw he was still wearing his jeans and they were wet and stiff. He took them off before digging through his clothes and coming up with some extra trousers and jumpers and pants and socks. He brought them back into the bathroom where Sherlock was feebly drying himself and he set them in the corner of the room where they would not get wet from the water that had sloshed out of the tub. He bent down and took the towel from Sherlock and dried him off the rest of the way and rubbed the towel through his hair to absorb most of the water. Then he helped him out of his pants and helped him dress in the new dry clothes.
“I’m not her father,” Sherlock said, on reflex.
Anna set her gun on the ground and shakily walked over to the space between Sherlock and John. She knelt and put her arms behind her head.
“What are you doing?” came Sherlock’s voice.
“Never.”
“Oh thank God,” he said.
John goes to it and finds the lube and some condoms. He manages not to think about how or why or what those items are doing in there or how Sherlock may have planned this. All he does is squirt some liquid onto his fingers and warm it for a few seconds, before making Sherlock get up on all fours as he kneels on the mattress behind him and teases open Sherlock’s arsehole with one finger.
But after they’d left, that relief had evaporated. In Ella’s office, there was a sort of safe aura, where things could be said in confidence, people could be silent and listen, absorb, be open to the truth. But outside, there was no aura; reality hit them, a cold, wet slap in the face, as they stepped out of the building and into the inclement weather. Even the air felt thinner, less breathable. Sherlock was gasping.
“Sherlock…”
“Sherlock—“
John bit his lip and didn’t say anything.
“If I became involved at this juncture, something wouldn’t seem right to some over-enthusiastic reporter, and the ruse might be exposed; at which point the British Government would have no qualms giving me over to the dogs,” Mycroft told him, as a matter of fact. “It is the nature of the intelligence world—sacrifice one for the good of the whole.”
“No cameras in here, he’s never been desperate enough to watch me bathe.” Sherlock waved his arm around, impatiently. “And with the shower on he can’t hear us.”
John answered, a little frantic. “It’s about damn time!” he grumbled, standing back so that Sherlock could come inside.
“GO! GO! GO!” he screeched at the driver, as Sherlock turned around and helped John the rest of the way into the boat.
Anna bent down and reluctantly began to gather the fish bodies.
“What else have you got to do today?” she asked, as if she knew him. “Come on, you don’t even have to get out; just wait in the car.” He wasn’t sure how to argue, and she could see it. “Come on, Sherlock. It’s been twelve years since you bought me that chocolate bar. I’ve been curious about this for
John felt a sharp heat tear through his heart.
“Well, it's only economical for us to ride together, as we're going to the same place.”
Sherlock and John both blinked at her. “What man, Mrs. Smith?” John asked.
“This is you,” he said, at one point, when he stopped looking at our cocks and looked at my face, instead. “Sherlock. It’s you.” I stared back at him, my body trembling with lust and adrenaline and God only knew what else. John reached a hand around the back of my neck and clasped it, like a lifeline. “It’s you and me,” he whispered.
She’s four months old, Sherlock! She doesn’t have the mental capacity to be bored!”
. Suddenly it throbbed in pain… had it been doing that all along? Had he just not realized it before? John swallowed, staring at the ceiling and breathing raggedly through his mouth. “Why?”
That was all Anna could think when Sherlock and John stormed into the room where she was held hostage, clearly determined to rescue her from her so-called predicament. She didn’t even have a moment of relief or happiness at seeing them there; all she felt was anxiety.
“Overreacting?” I repeated. I pointed to the building, for emphasis. “Were you not just in there? Did you not just see what happened? Anderson solved the case. Bloody
“Will you come to Baker Street?”
Sherlock didn’t seem angry, John thought. But he certainly didn’t seem friendly, either. He’d been sitting at the small table they had in the living room, typing on his laptop, when John had come stumbling back to the flat. “Back!” John had announced, drunkenly, nearly tripping over himself on the way to the kitchen to grab the whisky bottle and tumbler from the cupboard. He’d found them easily (just where he’d left them!) and carried them over to the couch, plopping down and unscrewing the bottle.
And, oh, was he ever helping it.
“But then, Mary… God, she was like oxygen. Like a breath of fresh air. Like
“Yes, I have.” The sniveling woman in front of him wrung a handkerchief in her hands, like it was sopping wet and she needed to get every last drop of water out. She twisted it over and over, her knuckles white from the grip she held on the poor piece of cloth. “I have and they’ve found nothing.”
“But what if she’s not?” John asked. “What if she… she…” He swallowed. “What would I
Anna chuckled again. “Goodbye, Sherlock. I’ll see you after school.” She grabbed her pack, then (with a groan) her project, and headed down the stairs. As she left, she heard Sherlock give Mrs. Hudson another “What?”
“Dr. Watson?”
“You’ve been through enough, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, quietly, staring down at the wrist. “I don’t often beg, but I’m begging you now: please, don’t put yourself in any more danger. Please. For your own sake… and for mine.”
“I came to find
“Well,” he said, clearing his throat and looking around, “I suppose I should be off, then.”
Sherlock made the bed. He cleared off one of the side tables. He took his clothes out of the top two dresser drawers and shoved them down into the bottom two, packing them in, not caring if they were now unfolded and wrinkled. He went to the closet, pushed all his suits and shirts to one side.
But, aside from his own pride, John had another motivator for not wanting to scream. He knew that every time he did, it would cause Sherlock more heartbreak, and every time Sherlock’s heart broke, Moriarty was getting exactly what he wanted. So John tried to resist, for as long as possible, crying out as he was being beaten to death. He was doing a pretty good job of it, too; that was, until the murderous giant stomped on his right knee, crushing it with a sickening
Molly thought for a long while about how to phrase it, twirling her hair round her fingers. Finally, she explained it this way:
, John thought.
“Don’t be silly, of course it will!” she replied with a huff. “I bought while I was in Florida, those people know all about sun protection.”
Mycroft began to come round more often after that, several times a week. Sherlock tried not to be too annoyed by it—truthfully, he was grateful for the company. He would even help him talk through cases, from time to time, though that was actually
“Erm, Happy New Year,” John replied, his face on fire.
, Sherlock thought. He’d forbidden Mrs. Hudson to clean up the stain; kept it there as a reminder of what sentiment could do to him. It inspired him to avoid feelings, to avoid caring about another person. To avoid sex. To avoid love. It was still there, the stain. It would still be there when he went home today.
“You see, you think you’re better at sex than me,” John murmured, moving one hand to cup Sherlock’s bum and the other to grasp the base of Sherlock’s erection, “but you’ve forgotten that I’ve been having sex for a lot longer than you.”
Anna went back to the door and took a deep breath before swiping the card. “
black though and so were his boots and gloves and his hat was grey. John couldn’t see any curls poking out from underneath the hat, just a bit of hair on the nape of his neck. He wondered if Sherlock had spent time meticulously tucking them in or if his hair was shorter now. Without the curls showing his face looked more severe. Older.
John smiled and considered the question. “Life’s too short,” he said, finally. “We know that all too well.” His smile began to fade, and he gave himself a little shake. “If we fuck it up, we fuck it up,” he said, with a shrug. “We’ll deal with it.”
, thought Sherlock. “Don’t make me pay for your mistakes,” he added, after a beat. His eyes were fiery, combative.
,” she moaned, though she knew it wouldn’t matter. She began to cry inconsolably, her tears smearing away some of the blood still on her cheeks. John stared open mouthed, and Sherlock had gone very, very pale.
“Now it makes sense,” she went on, staring out the window again. John and the other bearers were pulling the coffin out of the hearse. “He really
But by the time he showed up, all plans of talking had fallen to the wayside. Seeing him again, it was like... like breathing in oxygen, after being underwater for much too long. I tackled him to the sofa, and we practically ripped each other’s clothes off. And I noticed things I hadn’t consciously before—the way he smelled, for instance. It was wholly intoxicating. A new drug, all on its own. I buried my face in his neck and breathed him in, rolling my hips sinfully. I could feel him hard against me, and I loved it, I loved it. I loved him, more than ever. I thought I might be going crazy.
“Try for three next time.”
“About my cock.” My voice had dropped half an octave.
Sherlock ignored him, instead taking off his scarf and coat. “Well,” he said, “I bet I can tell you
“That’s certainly not true.”
. It was not the pretty, porcelain-faced, one-tear-at-a-time crying that John had seen before. It was red-faced, broken-featured, downright ugly crying.
“Fumigating?” Sherlock popped up off the couch and spun around to stare at her. “Why? And where did you come from? How long have you been in here?”
“S-six,” Sherlock stammered.
could,” Sherlock said. “And I did.”
“I’m not in love with John,” Sherlock said, quietly but deliberately.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Yes.”
“You were oriented before?” he asked, in his uninterested way. “Toward women, or to men?”
“Never leave me again,” mumbled John, already half asleep.
for John over the Work.
“I’ve never… I haven’t had a relationship like this, with anyone. So even if we hadn’t thrown in the whole ‘unrequited love then dead for thirteen years then, surprise, alive and one hundred percent gay’ thing, I still would have been rubbish at it.”
Sherlock cleared his throat and sat up. “My understanding is that Violet was on her way to her first day of nannying for you, but never made it here. So, I was hoping you could tell me a little about your last encounter with her… would that be her interview?”
“Ella, I’m not gay. Still. Still not gay.” He’d been
John looked over at her again, surprised. He hadn’t really thought about that. “Well… what do you
At some point during the ride, I realized I wanted him.
My mother had been transporting the sausages onto a napkin-lined plate but she faltered in mid movement. Then she finished and turned off the burner. “Sit down, Sherlock.”
“But he was
“Oh yeah? And where's that?
. My daughter is a teenager. My old room upstairs, that’s her room. You raised her. And now you are in a relationship with Molly Hooper... a
, thought Sherlock. It’s what he’d always wanted from John. Just one kiss, it would have been enough for a lifetime.
—of course I have parents. Everyone has parents.”
Sherlock let out a volatile breath. “I know.”
It happened when he saw John with Mary; John had initially met him in the waiting room to show him to Mary’s new room, out of the delivery wing. When they’d gotten to the room, John left Sherlock’s side and strode over to give Mary a kiss, touch her face affectionately, and oh, it
“A boy?” Molly asked, her brow furrowing.
Sherlock gave Mycroft a scathing look. “I am not
Anna had forgotten how to breathe.
John nodded. “You liked to do the same things. Important. Go on.”
Anna looked down, then over to his. Her eyes widened. “So you’re the one!” she accused. “I’ve always been self conscious about them. They’re
Sherlock looked at Anna as they walked back to their seats; she was desperately trying to avoid crying angry and embarrassed tears. “I thought you said he
Sherlock smirked. “Mr. Carruthers, you are checking me out as we speak.”
Carruthers uncrossed his legs, then crossed them the other way. “Alright, detective, why don’t you tell me what you know already, and my darling wife and I will fill in the gaps?” He delicately reached up and took his glasses off his face, then breathed softly on the lenses.
your father.’ That poor girl, he never let her forget she was an orphan. I think he kept that part of her empty, on purpose; I think he wanted her to love you as much as he did.”
“You knew this was inside of her,” Sherlock interrupted, raising his voice. “You knew who her father was… you knew she had this—this—
“Well you’re getting pretty bloody defensive about it.” He sighed and sat up a little, arranging his knees closer together. For some reason this put me at ease. “Honestly, it’s okay if you are. You don’t really get over someone you love, do you? I mean, really over? You always kind of love them.” He shrugged. “It’s human nature.”
As he came down he collapsed on top of Sherlock and Sherlock stroked his hair. John felt the post coital calm wash over him and he realized that Sherlock had been pleading with him to come, before. Sherlock was still hard beneath John’s hips and John felt he should do something about it, the man had dedicated the last several years of his life to finding John’s daughter, after all, and he had said that he could not go on without him. Somehow John had felt the same way when he’d said it and had realized only then that he had been waiting for Sherlock to come to the woods to get him even though he’d told him not to, and had been angry only because it had taken him so long.
“Honestly, John,” Sherlock tried again, “I don’t know… I’m not sure what came over me. You didn’t deserve that.”
“We’ll just use my key,” Sherlock told him, looping his belt around his trousers. He flung open the bathroom door, and a rush of cool air parted the steam over John’s puzzled face.
Sherlock dropped into a squat, taking John’s trousers and pants down with him in a loud
One boy raised his hand. “Yes, Jeremy?” the teacher said.
I found John on the roof of Bart’s hospital.
John locked his jaw, stood up straight, and about-faced to the door.
Ella smiled again. “Well, he doesn’t realize it, but yes, he is. He has been for a very long time.” She tossed her pad of paper and pen on the desk in front of her. “But he’s never going to come to that realization if you don’t help him. You need to start talking about your feelings, Mr. Holmes. I know it’s difficult, but you have to try.”
to remember, but the images came to his mind anyway; middle of the night, emergency room, screaming, blood soaked through the pad on the gurney, the whole room smelling like the hot, sticky, metallic scent of life fading away. Mary’s pale, pale skin, John’s frantic, frightened eyes looking into his, as if to say, “Do something! Do something, Sherlock! My
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. “Yes.”
were dead. Oh, that was much worse.” She shook her hands to wave away the memory.
“Yeah,” I said, still in a daze.
“And what would have been the point of
“Erm, Sherlock’s flat is uninhabitable at the moment,” John said. “He needs a place to stay.”
“Nonsense,” Sherlock broke in, dismissively. “I would expect nothing less from a new father. I’d be worried if you
Lestrade’s eyes were tired, haunted. His entire face sagged, as if under the weight of some terrible grief.
“Oh, now, don’t lie,” she scolded him. “I know I look a fright, but I don’t care that much. Actually, I don’t care at all.” She gazed fondly at the baby, who stared back up at her as she gulped her dinner from the bottle. “
Molly’s eyes grew wide, then relaxed as understanding came over her. “Oh my God,” she said. The two women stared at each other for a moment, Molly clearly thinking and trying to work it all out. “Oh my God,” she said again, slumping back against the booth. “He’s back.”
Sherlock slid his hands into his pockets. “You’re an idiot.”
I shut it and spun around, leaning back against it with my hand still on the handle. There was no way he could get out of this. How could he get out of this? Mary wasn’t stupid, she was actually bloody fucking smart, smarter than a lot of people. I started to panic. She was going to find out, and then—
Sherlock stood up so quickly that the blood rushed out of his head. He steadied himself on Molly’s shoulder and threw his brother a look of pure, unadulterated hatred, so intense that Mycroft was physically blown back by it. Mycroft took a step backward, and his eyes widened in confusion. Then they focused on Molly. “What did you say?” he accused.
John glanced at him suspiciously over his shoulder. “Wait, even—even when I lived here?”
John blinked. “Sherlock, I just want to say—“
“That would be ‘mission accomplished,’” he snarled.
“I—” Sherlock began.
“And why would I do that?”
. Just ‘alive.’)
. He probably had access to the vault, and probably had a key-card somewhere on his person. He most certainly had a thumb for the thumbprint. “So obvious!” said Anna out loud, shaking her head at herself.
“Oh, sod off,” John spat at her, and turned back. “You were saying.”
of stories, and his eyes had been bright, and Anna had never felt more simultaneously devastated and ecstatic. He hadn’t experienced any of those stories firsthand but he was here, alive, now.
kissed
“You know,” said John, “that day I came over, and you told me about the raid to capture Moriarty. You were talking to Mrs. Hudson before I came in. About how you were in love with me, and content to wait until Mary and I fell apart.” He looked thoughtful for a moment. “I suppose it didn’t quite fall apart like you thought it would, but, hey… whatever works, right?”
Lestrade bit his lip. “You know, I spent hours and hours analyzing what happened in there. What I could have done differently, if I could have saved you both, if I should have just left you like you asked… but I’d promised John. He took me aside before we went into the building and told me to protect you, if there was trouble...” He watched Sherlock’s expression grow painful. “Now, maybe he didn’t know what he was asking, maybe he was wrong. But it’s what he wanted.”
“Yeah, okay.” Lestrade turned back to say goodbye, when his face suddenly clouded. “Sherlock, before I go, there is something…”
John swallowed and gazed toward the door, the one he’d come out of previously. “Who was that girl?” he asked, suddenly, turning back. “Moriarty… he said she was your daughter. Do you…. Did you…” He looked a bit wild. “Who’s her mother?”
The process of putting her into Moriarty’s inner circle was going to be a tricky one. They could not just drop her in front of his “lair”… as if they even knew where that was. No, Moriarty had to come to her, so they had to figure out how to get his attention.
“Of course it was easy, you’re a natural,” said Mycroft dismissively, a few days later at their first “spy” meeting. Anna felt a little guilty for being so pleased with the praise. She really shouldn’t feel good about being an excellent liar… but she couldn’t help it. Of course she had to give some credit to the people that Mycroft had hired as her band mates; they were naturals as well, or at least highly trained. They were several years older than her, but all looked young for their ages, and knew how to act like awkward teenagers. And they’d all gotten past Sherlock’s inquisition—which, to Anna’s surprise, wasn’t much of an inquisition at all. He’d done nothing but introduce himself and politely ask which instrument they’d played. Her complaint must have had more effect than she originally thought.
But at the time, he’d just thought,
“Not before I’ve had my fun.”
We kissed and kissed until John stopped shivering. Then we pulled off the soiled comforter, and got into bed with just the sheet, and held each other.
The question had come out of nowhere, for we’d been talking about a case, not about
“I didn’t understand the decision I’d made, for perhaps the first time in my life. I really struggled with it. I wanted to go back to my career directly after, but we didn’t have money to hire a nanny, and so I became a housewife. I had to cook and clean and change nappies all day long and I hated every second of it. As soon as your father got home from work I would hand him your brother and shut myself up in the study, pouring over math equations, until bed. I was depressed. I was miserable. I wasn’t maternal, not in the least, and your brother...” She looked sad, a faraway expression in her eyes. “I didn’t realize what I’d done until his sixth birthday. It had been his first year in school. We’d asked him who of his friends he’d like to invite for a party, and he just looked at me, puzzled, and said, ‘Of course I don’t have friends, Mummy. What would be the point?’ And he genuinely didn’t know, or didn’t care.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue.
Sherlock adjusted the front of the coat over his torso. “I’m not going anywhere…
“Can I help?”
“Because… she thought we would be on her side. Because I loved her. And you loved me.”
The beautiful—
have done that if you’d responded to any of my text messages in the last three weeks. Why do you think I’m here today? I
John’s feet twitched, and I could tell he was interested. “Man or woman?”
He’d only allowed himself to cry that first day. And cry he did, in every way he remembered from his childhood; and then, when the day was over, he stopped.
John nodded. “I know.”
, John. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”
“I don’t see how this behavior should be championed whatsoever,” I told John. “Especially not by you. Not only did she allow her heart to rule her brain, which as you know is the mark of a world-class idiot, but she left her
“Second of all, I am not the least bit amused by any of this. But I saw an opportunity, and I took it, because I can see beyond the people in my life. The opportunity was one that Moriarty had, ironically, given me himself, when he lied about being Anna’s real father.”
“I asked you who the fuck you were.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. No, he didn’t have a plan, short of his recurring fantasy of finding wherever she was and mowing down every soul in the room with a machine gun. The silence dragged on and soon, John’s expression grew cross. “You don’t trust me,” he stated.
His face relaxed, and he shook his head. “It’s Saturday. Honestly, I don’t know how you function without basic knowledge of the days of the week.”
“Hey!” John screeched again.
“I’m sorry about Mary,” Sherlock broke in. He looked down, too. “Truly, I am.”
. “He said I’m too uptight when I play fiddle, I’m not really
“Yes, but then I wouldn’t have had you to myself tonight, would I?” Sherlock smiled over the top of his screen.
But he’d be a fool to make that promise, too.
After a moment of consideration, he leaned back on the couch and let his knees fall open—just a little.
better than this, I don’t know how many times we’ve discussed it—if you go on a case alone, you check
“What about Mary?”
“Sherlock, this isn’t right,” he’d said, not meeting his eyes as he stood in the living room on another rainy afternoon. “We can’t keep doing this, it’s turning into a… a
John’s
John immediately responded, leaning forward to press their bodies together, backing Sherlock up against the refrigerator. Magnets fell off and clattered to the ground beneath their feet, jars of God only knew what rattling on top. Sherlock was trying to figure out the best place for his hands, didn’t know where to touch, or grab—tried the shoulders, the biceps, the chest, the back, hands sliding over John’s body, feeling for a good place to go. For the first time in almost twenty years, Sherlock regretted not having any experience with this sort of thing.
“You’re wrong,” John broke in. “You’re wrong about him. Sherlock is a sociopath; he can’t love.” He turned around and glared at Moriarty through his glass cage, avoiding looking over at Mary. “He can’t. So all of this is a waste, what you’re doing.”
of the axe echoing off the trees.
John growled again. “I’ve checked all of the
he thought.
Anna gave her an alarmed look. “No! Molly, no. We can’t.”
Of all the times John thought he might have seen Sherlock naked, this particular scenario had never crossed his mind. If it had been any other time, John would have taken a moment to admire his body; as a doctor, John had seen many naked bodies, of all shapes and sizes, so he felt he was pretty qualified to judge Sherlock’s as one of the most beautiful he’d ever come across. Slender, but not skinny—his arse and thighs were firm and strong—skin cream-colored and smooth all the way down his graceful legs. His cock was a nice size, too (
“When you fell in love?”
“What the fuck?” Carruthers exclaimed, standing up with his hands still cuffed together.
. Isn’t that why she was okay with killing all of those museum guards? Moriarty thought it was because she liked to kill, but that wasn’t true. She was just playing a role; playing Moriarty’s daughter. That girl liked to kill, but she didn’t.
Sharp, blinding pain racked John’s whole body, knocking the breath out of him. He screamed with such force that the contraction of his lungs made his entire torso spasm, then moaned and gasped as the spasms waned, unable to think of anything save for the pain.
They were in trouble.
“Of course it matters, Anna.”
Sherlock’s parents looked at each other and smiled.
“Let me ask you another question, Mr. Holmes,” said Ella. “Why John’s room? For the masturbatory act? Why not go into your own room, lock the door, where he wouldn’t know the difference?”
Molly opened the front door and couldn’t keep her mouth from falling open.
Mycroft’s face remained set. “That doesn’t mean they’ll kill her. After all, she’s left to join them willingly. And I have confidence in her abilities, I know she can convince Moriarty that she’s on his side. You’ve seen her lie, little brother, she’s absolutely brilliant.”
Sherlock shook himself out of the reverie, panicking. He glanced down at the front of his dressing gown, were he could see yet another erection starting to form. What the
. That should get dutiful-John Watson’s blood boiling, shouldn’t it?”
. Unfortunately, the yelping is not drowning it out, but I am long past the point of caring. In fact, this is probably going to become a Pavlovian trigger. Whenever that damn lady starts singing, I’m going to pop one thinking about John’s expert fellatio.
But. Back to the kissing. Back to this moment, the moment that felt like a memory but was really brand new. Sherlock slid his hands round the small of John’s back, as he had done so many times in his dreams, and John tightened the grip he held in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock used his tongue, tentatively exploring John’s own, and John made a little whimpering sound in the back of his throat. That was good. That was very good. That was up on the top shelf of John Watson arousal sounds, the ones that John only brought down when he was
John blinked at him, and Sherlock blinked back, both of them surprised at the admission. Then John’s face relaxed a little. “I know that, Sherlock. I love you, too.” He smiled again, softened back to his previous good mood.
, he thought later, as he sat sobbing with his back to the bathtub and the tap on full-blast (trying to drown out the sounds of his lamenting and avoid Mrs. Hudson coming up to investigate).
“Me too—“
My mother is the smart one, if that hadn’t already been established. She’s the practical one, the one that knows exactly what you were doing before you even thought of telling her (and well, Mycroft and I had to get it from
. She’d always wondered where she’d got her dark features.
“Oh…” He hesitated. “We had a bit of a row.”
And she could see why he loved John. Good-natured, funny, loyal, practical—he provided a much needed balance to Sherlock’s whims and moods and exhausting intellect. The two of them played off each other well, bantering like some great comedic duo…
“I never expected to replace anything else in your life. I don’t want to interrupt your work. I’m happy enough just to watch you, and wait, for any opportunity you want to give me for anything more—friendship, sex, love. Even if those opportunities are few and far between. Even if there’s never another opportunity again. Do you understand?” He looked at me. “I just want to be near you. Even if you forget I’m in the room.”
been in love?”
By the time the cow was back in her stall and watered and milked, the afternoon was already starting to wane as it did so quickly during winter in this part of the world. There were only a few hours of light left but John had finished most of his chores. He stopped by the chicken coop to gather the few eggs that had been laid since the day before and check on their heat lamps. These were still functioning and so the birds’ water was not frozen and they would stay warm tonight. John walked back up to the cabin and stomped the snow off his boots next to the stairs and took them off outside the door.
was curious, too—if he told his story, Anna was bound to tell him a few in return…
And then he was kissing me. Kissing me and kissing me, his hands on my face, his tongue between my lips. I could feel him exhale his breath into my mouth. (His own breath. From his lungs. Into. My. Mouth.) If it were anyone else, I would have gagged. With John, it was the loveliest thing I had ever felt.
important.”
, John. Like, not just crying—like heaving, gut-wrenching, gasping-for-breath sobs. He really loved you.”
Sherlock slowly lifted himself onto his forearm and sat up, and John lamented the loss of the weight against his side. “What’re you on about?” he asked, groggily.
“Fine,” I replied, reluctantly.
for things to seem, John? Because they seemed pretty clear to me.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Okay,” he replied slowly, as if he didn’t believe a word of what John had said.
“I was foolish,” Sherlock muttered. “I shouldn’t have gone alone. I should have realized what… I was foolish. I wanted to prove to myself that I could… that I didn’t need you, anymore.”
Carruthers’ puzzled expression turned to one of contempt. “I’ve already told the police I won’t talk to anyone without my lawyer.”
John burrowed his cheek closer to Sherlock’s head. “So you knew I eavesdropped that day? I always thought you might’ve. You made that comment about Mrs. Hudson listening outside the door, and I was positive you knew.” He smiled. “Bastard.”
John’s eyebrows folded over as he realized that Sherlock hadn’t actually addressed the most disturbing part of the question, the “else.” “Marry someone
.” She smiled, too. “I don’t mind. It’s rather nice that he’s a little jealous of me.”
John caught Anna’s eye and winked. “Let’s try that again, shall we?”
The fire alarm meant that the first part of the plan had worked: that John had gotten in the back door, behind the dumpsters, in which Lestrade had stuck a coin to keep it slightly ajar. Now, hopefully, he was making his way to the evidence room (“Code is 55925,” Lestrade had told him. “Go to the back wall, pick any one of them. Just wipe it, after.”) to get a gun (“Don’t use your own, they can trace the bullet.”) and coming back down the empty hall, unseen by either real people or by the cameras—because the Detective Inspector had conveniently switched them off.
Sherlock felt a rush of anger and quickly stood up. “Of course I exist!”
“Yes,” says John. “Yes, I’m fucking you. I’m fucking you, Sherlock.” He feels the thing coil farther down, wringing out his insides all the way from his throat to his groin. “God, I’m fucking you.”
I felt as if I was in a dream. My body felt limp and groggy, my head so light that it could have floated away. This couldn’t be real. This wasn’t John Watson, it wasn’t a way I’d ever seen him before. I couldn’t be making him feel like this. But here he was, feeling it like it was the most familiar thing in the world.
“I’m not!” He was kissing my stomach. “She thought I had a foot fetish.”
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth turned up.
Instead, John stared at him for a long while. “You know, she saved me. I couldn’t… I found myself in a very strange way, after you died.” He rested his chin on his knuckles, thinking. “Do you know, I just didn’t like anyone, after that. You ruined it for me, Sherlock. Ruined
, Sherlock thought) as he hovered, his hot breath released on the thin fabric that separated his mouth from her body.
now.” Sherlock’s eyes began to tear, but he didn’t look away. John felt an iron fist clench his heart. “You’re safe. I’m here.”
Carruthers’ eyes turned dark, then.
It was too late to turn back now.
“And I didn’t, until it became necessary.”
“Get out! Jesus, I thought I
“What are you doing here?’
Anna chewed the inside of her cheek. “Well, see, that’s the thing… I
“I’m surprised you all made it down here without the escorts I sent,” he remarked, casually. “But, since you
“Stop it!” Sherlock yelled frantically in reply, his voice cracking with emotion. “Stop! I’ll do anything!” he pleaded. “Please, please…. I’ll do whatever you want.”
, John thought.
John felt his face grow hot, and he spun around. “No, she didn’t… did she?”
What was he waiting for? For John and Mary to break up?
. Even just a
Mycroft, Sherlock, and Molly were all three white-faced and speechless. Mrs. Hudson was red-faced from the climb up the stairs, but speechless all the same.
He turned away then, John suspected before his face could betray its arguably poor hold on his emotions. It was quiet again in the cabin except for the added sounds of multiple failed attempts to mute sobs. John was trying to decide if he should give Sherlock some privacy or go to him when Sherlock spoke again from behind his back.
“John Hamish Watson: survived war, a deadly beating, a bomb, thirteen years in the company of murderous criminals, and multiple armed standoffs with said criminals, only to die as his daughter drove him carelessly off a cliff,” Sherlock proclaimed, to the back window.
frightened), but it was always reassuring to have a familiar face standing next to him. Not mention one that had military training, and a gun.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He started to feel weak and put his hand out to steady himself on John’s chair… and felt his stomach twist at the realization that, after all these years, it was still “John’s” chair. “John, you know that I… that my whole purpose, my whole goal, was to rescue Anna,” he said. “You know that I would have done anything…”
“Of course I am,” I said, acting confused (I wasn’t). “Now that you’re here, we may as well not let the visit go to waste.” I moved to open the screen again, but John held it firm.
I had the ending in mind for this story when I began it. It was, unfortunately, never going to be a happy one. I toyed with the idea of sending John back to the cabin instead of into the woods, but ultimately went with my original plan. After all that had happened, I don’t know that he could go back.
“Well of course he wouldn’t,” replied Molly, her hands fiddling with her coffee cup, “because it’s a crap idea.”
Mycroft walked round the side of the bench and sat next to his brother. “Have you a theory on why John was kept alive?”
There was a news anchor looking out from the screen;
do. You’re the one saving lives, out there. I’m the one who was going to let the Carruthers walk in the first place, God help me.”
, Sherlock thought.
“John—“ Sherlock flew towards him, checking his pulse; still beating. Sherlock put the back of his hand to John’s putrid mouth; still breathing. He sighed, his adrenaline dissipating. “For God’s sake, John,” he muttered. He shrugged off his coat and flung it on the couch, then squatted down to lift John out of the chair.
He proceeds to suck me so well that I start to yelp. The lady next door has moved on to actual songs, now, and I find myself yelping in time to the music. I recognize it: “I Could Have Danced All Night” from
“Right,” John said. He cleared his throat. “Sherlock’s kicked me out of the flat. So I'm in need of a place to sleep tonight.”
Sherlock stopped and stared at him, as if struck by a thought.
“Don’t ask me about the mechanics of it, I’ve never seen the thing, obviously,” Sherlock said, as if he believed that if he
“So what did she say?” asked Sherlock, bending over to start the first autopsy.
I gave him what I hoped was a highly-disgusted stare. “Do I strike you as the type of person who would pine?”
Ella put her pen down. “Are you sure you wouldn’t be more comfortable with John out of the room?”
“It does?” I lifted my head to look at him. His eyes were closed. He looked half asleep. “What do I have?” I couldn’t believe he was being so casual about it.
John narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean, ‘us’?”
John moaned around my cock and shifted on his knees. I could tell he was getting turned on too.
“Arms up,” John breathed, and Sherlock’s hands shot into the air. In one swift motion John lifted his shirt over his arms and tossed it onto the floor. Sherlock momentarily lamented wasting a clean shirt on five minutes of wear—but then he was distracted again by John’s mouth on his, hungrier than ever.
in a plane crash, or something.”
It wasn’t exactly what John had had in mind. Not exactly remotely at all. He’d expected the proof, if there was any, to come from a recitation of some Led Zeppelin lyrics and maybe even a riff or two on the violin. He did not expect a guitar, nor Sherlock to plug it into an amp, tune it with a pick between his teeth, and ask for another hit while he strummed out a few warm-up chords. John, bewildered and obedient as always, leaned forward and put the blunt between Sherlock’s plump, pale lips. Sherlock sucked in, with his eyes closed, and played the opening bars of “Hotel California.”
and I
for you, that you found each other.”
checking him out), it was definitely clear in the way he propositioned him at Angelo’s, not late after. “It’s all fine,” he’d said.
,” John swore, and walked over to the mantle, putting his hands on either side of it to steady himself. “Jesus, Sherlock—“
Lestrade just shook his head.
Sherlock had never been there.
is a game.”
“He wanted to help me,” Anna continued. She put more scorn in her voice. “Said I needed
John gaped at him for a second, then nearly tripped over his trousers before grabbing them up off his ankles and scuttling to the bedroom. Sherlock followed a few paces behind, slamming the door once they were inside, pushing John back on the bed and stripping his trousers the rest of the way off his legs. Then he climbed on top of him, putting one of his knees between John’s and the other on the side, kissing him messily. That was something he’d learned quickly: John liked those sloppy, wet kisses, the sucking of lips and tongues roaming over each other. Sherlock didn’t mind it like that, but he much preferred the controlled, subtle kind. However… he wasn’t the one being seduced right now, was he?
Sherlock swallowed. “I believe we’ve got a good angle on it. Should be wrapping up soon.” He couldn’t bear to say anything else to her.
“Yeah,” said Anna, her hands on her hips. “For God’s
They broke apart after a few seconds, their foreheads still resting together. Then John began to cry, too. “This is fucked up,” he whispered. “Everything. This is all so fucked up.”
John filled up the kettle and turned it on, then stood over it and watched it as it began to heat the water inside. The rumbling and rushing of it, the building up to something tumultuous, mirrored John’s feelings at the moment. He could feel Sherlock staring at the back of his head, he could feel the emotions of the past day churning and gathering momentum, and he knew it was all going to come out either in anger or in tears, and he’d have to decide soon which one he wanted it to be. “Neither” was what he really wanted… but that was impossible at this point.
I grabbed the lapels of his coat and twisted them. He tilted his head, almost as if he thought I might kiss him, and it was so utterly
“Mrs. Hudson, do you really expect us to need both raincoats
She bit her lip, her expression gone solemn. “I’m not a lunatic, John. I may have done some things that fell into a… a morally
As Anna lifted her eyelids in defiance for the last time of the night, she saw the shadowy figures of John and Sherlock standing in the kitchen. Their images were flickering from visible to invisible and back again in the dying firelight, but she could see they were standing close, and whispering, and kissing each other warmly. Anna’s lips curled into a smile as her eyes closed and her face finally relaxed. She quickly fell into a deep, contented sleep.
“Well, it’s working,” John told him, and with that, guided Sherlock’s dangling palm to the bulge in his trousers. Sherlock had never touched another person like this, not ever. In that moment he realized that there was something more to his celibate life than not wanting to be impaired by emotions; he was also afraid that no one would
I had to make up something!”
“No, Anna,” he reassured her. “Just… you should…” Sherlock grit his teeth. He knew he should make her apologize; it was just, he didn’t really believe in apologies, except in extreme circumstances—and this far from qualified.
“Redbeard,” said his mother. “Like the pirate, dear—you remember, Sherlock always wanted to be a pirate.”
Sherlock swallowed. “But what… what if it doesn’t work? What if you don’t want me, after all?”
, he thought.
Carruthers’ gaze flickered down to Sherlock’s crotch.
Sherlock glanced down and observed that John still hadn’t touched his food. “I thought you were hungry,” he remarked, resuming his fork-twirling. He clamped his teeth down on a big spool of pasta.
Anna did as she was bid. “I just don’t understand,” she told him, softly. “Why did you send him away? Why, when my
He threw open the door to the stall. The cow bayed at him from the corner, her eyes wild at sensing his anxiety. He grabbed the lead from where it rested coiled on the wall and ran back down the path and to the pond.
“Say you’ll never leave me again.” His hand moved off my hip and down to his cock. I could see the muscles tensing in his arm as he brought himself off.
“Come along Anna, we don’t want to miss the movie,” interjected Molly, with false cheeriness.
Ah. So. He wasn’t quite as thick as I imagined.
“I—I know,” said John, a little bewildered. “That’s what I’ve been saying. I’ll fit in wherever you want me to.”
“Compared to you, everyone else was boring.”
“Yet ‘A’, being the first letter of the alphabet, implies that the plan named after it is more likely to occur than that after the second letter, ‘B.’ Which is why Plan B should have been Plan A, as it was much more likely that Mary would double-cross us than stick to plan we gave her.”
Going to visit John’s grave that morning was the first time Sherlock had been able to sort out any feelings he’d had in the last three months. Anna, bless her, had seemed to sense that Sherlock needed some quiet time, and busied herself by gently poking her finger in his hair. Sherlock had stood in front of John’s tombstone, smiling a little at the irony—because not long before, John had been doing the same when he’d believed Sherlock to be dead. The difference now was that John was actually dead, and a request for a miracle wouldn’t reach his ears. It would be lost on the icy, winter breeze.
,” he heard the other man gasp, and suddenly realized that Sherlock hadn’t made any noise yet, aside from a few heavy breaths.
“Anna, who taught you how to do that?” he asked, amazed.
John’s bisexuality had been obvious when Sherlock met him all those years ago. If it hadn’t been evident in the way he looked at Sherlock in the chemistry lab at St. Bart’s (
“Thank you, Molly,” Anna whispered in her ear. When they pulled apart, Molly gave her a nervous smile. Then she went out of the flat.
“What does this key have to do with anything?” Anna asked again, exasperated, her arms still wrapped around Sherlock’s neck.
“Yes,” John hissed, and reached down to undo my belt. He fumbled with it and it jangled as he got it open and out of the way. He undid my flies, and then his hand was navigating the elastic waistband of my pants, and then—
“You’re the only person in the world who thinks that. Most people hate me for it. Like Mary."
“Yes, I thought so as well. A bit of a disappointment, actually. I was expecting more gore,” said Molly, sadly.
“Sherlock?”
“I suppose I should tell you why I’m here.”
“Pardon?”
And then Molly had told them what happened that day after the movies, when Anna had stabbed the mugger. “She did without a second thought. And the look in her eyes…” Molly’s voice wavered.
trouble. He’s on thin ice with them, after last time…“
“Crime,” Mycroft answered. “You have to commit a brilliant crime, so clever that he can’t look away. And when he realizes that it’s been carried out by you, his daughter, he won’t be able to resist meeting you. But from that time forward, you will be on your own. We’ll go over all of the details, for information drops and such, but you will not be able to contact me.” He let her digest that. “And,” he added, “you may have to make some… rather difficult decisions. Moriarty will probably want to test your loyalty somehow, so do what you need to do.
“What would Moriarty bother paying attention to?” Anna wondered.
Molly looked at him in disbelief. “Sherlock, you can’t do that. You have to think about Anna. If something happens to you, what will she do? Where will she go?”
? Miss ‘Ex-assassin?’ Who are
Lestrade sighed, loudly, into the phone. “What the hell is wrong with you? If Sherlock doesn’t help us, Carruthers could
a voice buzzed on Lestrade’s radio.
John’s face suddenly looked soft. “How did it end?”
John was beside himself on the cab ride to 221B. He kept pointing at things and saying “Would you look at that!?” or “Just as I remembered it.” Sherlock ignored him, for the most part, lost in his own thoughts. When they finally got to the flat, it seemed as if they’d been traveling for ages.
“Of course. I revel in telling people to piss off.”
Ella was relaxing back in her chair, her legs crossed, looking quite amused. “Not a problem,” she said to John, her eyes not leaving Sherlock’s. “Is that all?” she asked, smiling a little.
“Of course I did,” said Sherlock. “We had to wish John a Happy Christmas.”
Sherlock let a beat pass, then stood up and marched toward the ruined building. “Come on,” yelled Lestrade to the crew. He sighed heavily as they hurried after the detective.
“I thought it was going to be a pain in my arse, you staying with us.” John leaned forward and poured himself a little more drink. He wasn’t quite sure where he was going with this train of thought, but it was sort of just bubbling out of him, and it felt right, so he kept on. “But you know, it hasn’t been.” He took another sip of scotch. “It’s been quite fun, actually.”
“No,” Sherlock told her. “They pity you.”
Anna sat back against the cushions. “Jesus Christ,” she swore. She suddenly felt like she was living in one of those crap telly shows Mrs. Hudson watched every afternoon.
“No, actually,” John interjected. “He never does. Don’t know how I managed to get him here today.”
, he almost finished. They did, or used to anyway from what he remembered. Sherlock would be under the water for thirty minutes at least and John would have no hot water of his own if he had been planning to take a shower after. Sherlock would claim he lost track of time thinking about cases but John thought it might have had something to do with the four-treatment hair wash he used. But John didn’t say any of that or bring it up because it happened a long time ago to another man in another life and it wasn’t relevant anymore. There was a two-in-one bottle of shampoo and a bar of soap, and John hadn’t seen Sherlock bring in a backpack of any supplies so what he had would have to do.
But they didn’t seem to be getting any closer.
“Please, Greg. Promise me.”
John blinked the tears out of his eyes and took several short breaths, trying to push past the agony. As it subsided, he was able to look around, and noticed they were in a dark, cavern-like room, which was bricked from floor to ceiling. It was wet, and cold, and there was a breeze coming from somewhere… “Where are we?” he croaked.
Sherlock thought to himself, as he often did in situations like this. He sighed.
Sherlock reached out and grabbed at John’s wrists, pulling his hands into his own. “They won’t find out.” He took a deep breath and stared into the eyes of the person he loved most in the world.
Sherlock blinked and glanced down at her again.
“What did you
Molly looked up at him. “Yes, Sherlock. Like I said before, she’s a smart girl. She’s going to be fine.”
Sherlock pulled out his phone and dialed. It rang… and rang. “No answer,” he said. He tried again. “Still nothing. Molly,
Anna progressed quickly through her training, which was no surprise to her after what Mycroft had predicted. She found that she had no fear of hurting other people, or herself, so she was able to master all of the physical tasks through sheer lack of concern for safety. Of course, Mycroft had taken great measures to ensure that there wouldn’t be a repeat of their first day: Anna was only allowed to fight with realpeople if there were no other items in the room. Although, that proved difficult as Anna was quite resourceful. She’d used everything from shoes to buttons to her own shirt to fight, often with highly damaging results. “A regular MacGyver,” Mycroft had called her, though she had no idea what that meant.
Anna gave him a frustrated and disgusted look through her tears. “What is the matter with you? Can’t you just be
And then, with one swift motion, he sliced the rapist’s prick off his body.
Sherlock closed his eyes, then, trying to float back to the park and back into the kiss, the feeling of John’s hands on his face, their lips against each other’s, his eyes closed… were John’s eyes closed, too? That would be telling, if they had been.
Molly sighed and leaned in to kiss him once more. “Of course,” she whispered.
In the weeks that followed, there was the occasional middle-of-the-night weeping, after a particularly nice dream, but he didn’t count those; things done when switching from fantasy to reality in half-asleep states didn’t count. When he was awake, he was fully in control. He was proud of himself, for that.
Sherlock drummed his fingertips against each other. “Mary doesn’t mind?”
life all you’ve done is make me wish he was here?”
The sarcasm was so strong, Sherlock felt it like a punch in the stomach. “No,” he retorted, his voice gone sour. “I told him you were miserable.”
“Now,” he said with a thin smile, “Let us continue your training.”
John’s arms lurched forward and pulled Sherlock back against him again, beginning to undo the buttons on his shirt, but he was too impatient. He abandoned the buttons and instead sent one of his arms beneath the shirt and through the top of the collar, feeling Sherlock’s throat and the underside of his jaw, running his thumb over Sherlock’s lips. They were red and swollen and soft and
Mycroft’s smile soured. “Nonsense. No one hates babies.”
—turned again—
“Sherlock.” John said it again, and took a step towards him. Sherlock noticed him limping badly on his right leg.
Sherlock’s grey eyes were full of vigor, contrasting mightily with his deathly pale complexion. He smiled again, weakly, as the three of them watched Anna throw handful after handful of the great Agra treasure into the sea behind.
John stared at him, incredulous. “What, you’re saying that I… that I did this for
They brought the boxes up the stairs of 221B and John helped Sherlock unpack them, moving at a deliberately slow pace to make the visit last longer. He even went so far as to purposely put things in the wrong places, so that Sherlock scolded him and made him redo everything. But, eventually, it was all put away and there was no reason for John to stay—it was close to suppertime, anyway, and Mary would be wanting him home. He stood in the doorway, facing Sherlock, trying to hide his misery.
Sherlock quietly put the glass to his lips.
A hush fell over the classroom. Anna stared intensely at the spaces between the floor tiles. Jeremy spoke up again. “Did you cut up his body?”
happy,” countered Sherlock. “I told her a few funny stories, she enjoyed it. I think we may make it a yearly tradition.” He fed Anna another spoonful, and no one said anything. Sherlock knew they were feeling sorry for him, and he hated it. But none of them understood. Anna was the only one on his side. It was she and him, the two of them against the world, just as it had always been with him and John. He coughed and changed the subject to something more mundane, and soon everyone had moved on from the conversation.
Sherlock finally looked up and met John’s eyes, and John was struck by the intensity of the emotion he saw there. “I’m so sorry, John,” he whispered. He rolled his forehead across the glass, shaking it in disbelief. “I’ve been so foolish. Please, forgive me.”
occurred; Sherlock normally sat stiffly at his microscope, but not
“You didn’t have to do that,” Molly said, quietly, the first full sentence she’d spoken since John had left. They’d gotten out all three bodies and Sherlock was bent over the first one, an older man, overweight, but strong-looking, with a half-bald head and scraggly beard.
“He… he told me I need to really listen to music. He said it would help me get in touch with my… sensitive side,” she said. She watched Sherlock’s face grow uncomfortable.
Thirty minutes later, Mycroft stepped into 221B, his face a picture of condescendence. Molly was sure he could tell by the urgency in her voice when she’d rung and the livid expression on her face now that she’d figured it out. She was standing in the middle of the room, fists at her sides, clutched and shaking in anger.
John’s matched. “What the hell are you talking about?”
It had been a cold day of hard work and John wanted some tea with his meal so he ran water into the kettle and set it up on the portable burner on the counter. He took the last can of soup from the pack of twelve he’d purchased over the summer from the junction shop and opened the refrigerator and got a few eggs. Most nights he had a mish-mash of food for dinner and tonight would be no exception just because Sherlock had decided to be there. “Would you like to eat?” he asked, out of courtesy. There was no reason for him not to have manners toward a guest. Especially when that guest had just helped chop wood for him.
I’d known the frotting and mutual masturbation through our trousers and one sided blow-jobs couldn’t last forever. I was dreading the day that he’d ask to see me nude, because even if I could manage an erection, I wouldn’t be able to get off—and I wouldn’t be able to fake it, exposed in that way.
Anna opened her mouth to protest, but John cut in first. “Now look here: she’s just been kidnapped,
I was caught off guard. This whole situation, everything, it was just so brand-fucking new. I was so lost. “Erm... I don’t...”
“Oh, John, I forgot! Mrs. Hudson called,” Mary told him from the kitchen. “Sherlock’s flat is finished—he can go home tonight!” She practically sang it as she poured tea for each of them.
Sherlock was at the kitchen table, perched over his microscope, a plate of fresh biscuits next to his pile of slides. He didn’t look up. “John.”
Sherlock’s face fell. “I didn’t…”
“You,” interrupted his mother. “Not ‘we,’ ‘
When he opened the door Sherlock was sitting beside the fire which he’d tended back to a steady burn. John closed the door and put the meat and milk and eggs in the refrigerator, then went back for his boots and brought them inside quickly.
Sherlock, after a bit, pulled back and stood up again. John groaned in frustration and gripped the other man’s nearly unbuttoned shirt, pulling him in to another kiss. He tasted salty, musky,
“Hello,” said Sherlock. “Happy Christmas.”
As soon as the first arm was free, Anna leaned forward and grasped his coat, burying her face in the crook of his neck. He smelled like shampoo and cigarettes and mothballs—probably that old wool coat he was wearing—and something else, something indefinable that was just
It wasn’t that I hadn’t been attracted to other people. I did find people—some—mostly men—attractive. I thought their faces were captivating, their eyes, their lips, the way they carried themselves, and of course, their arses. I could get excited for a fit bloke just as well as the next person, but the difference was that I knew better than to act on it. I knew that when I touched them I’d immediately lose interest. So, I studied them from afar instead—memorized their faces, their eyes, their lips, their arses—and committed it all to my mind palace, for later. It helped that I had (nearly) impeccable self control.
more, but he did not. Instead, he carefully set the glasses in the sink, put the bottle back in the cupboard, and bid John a stoic goodnight before departing to the guest room.
Sherlock looked up at her. “Because I am a selfish arsehole.”
Anna’s breath caught in her throat as the solution became crystal clear.
“I want you, Molly,” Sherlock told her, taking off his pants now. He watched her eyes flicker wide as they caught sight of his erection, and he grasped it in his hand to show her he knew where she was looking. He climbed up on the table again, poising his waist over hers. “Say I can have you.”
I’m not very happy at this interruption. I spring up from the couch and tackle him on his back instead. He makes a little “
John’s breath caught as he took in the sight. It wasn’t just that he was banged up; yes, his lip was split and puffy and his entire left cheekbone was rubbed raw; yes, there was a stain of blood down the side of his neck and over the front of his shirt; yes, his complexion was sickly pale and the skin under his eyes impossibly dark; but the expression he wore, the way he looked at John with utter terror and exhaustion mixed, the way his shoulders stooped and his hands began to clench together, his long fingers wrapping around one another, squeezing—
The air was very cold and there was a slight breeze and the snow had just stopped falling. It smelled cool and fresh and sweet like new snow always did, and John inhaled and felt much better already. He took the path through the forest that he took sometimes when he wanted to think. He’d taken it less and less over the years as thinking gradually waned and gave over to just being. John had forgot all about the thinking, until now when he’d started to do it again. It was so much easier not to.
And the last thing John wanted to do was destroy Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock felt his own eyes tear, to his annoyance. “Because,” he said, quietly, “they’d have killed you.”
Sherlock froze, water dripping off his alabaster skin, his cock half hard and bouncing in the air.
John’s face didn’t change—he just looked worn and defeated, same as when he walked in the door. He rubbed his hands across his tired eyes, and sighed.
, Sherlock thought
! Just because you can’t act like a normal human being doesn’t mean that I can’t. I’m so tired of you and your… how you are so fucking oblivious to everyone else’s feelings!”
“Won’t I?”
“So,” continued Moriarty, “do you want him? Or should I just dispose of him? I can do that for you, free of charge.” He motioned for one of his armed guards to come over.
“Yes. One of the members of her band. David. They were up in her room and… I though you said she was acting appropriately!” Sherlock whirled on her.
Sherlock pulled back from John’s shoulder and looked him full in the face. John’s eyes were glassy, half lidded, his lips swollen and a pleasant flush on his cheeks and neck. His mouth was open, breath coming in and out heavily. He was gorgeously aroused, and he wanted Sherlock to…
“Mr. Holmes, I know this is difficult.” A woman’s voice floated through the crack. “But we need your help—“
Sherlock finally looked up from his microscope. “You wanted me to leave you, passed out in the middle of the living room, covered in your own sick, me not knowing if you were dead or alive? No, John, you didn’t want to be ignored. If you had, you would have just gone and drunk yourself to sleep in your bedroom where you’d have thought I wouldn’t know the difference.”
Sherlock glared at him again, then spun around with a little “Harrumph!” and began to pile scientific equipment onto the kitchen table. John realized that he was being extra loud on purpose, and was determined to ignore it… until the glass beakers came out and started clanging together in a cacophony of ear-splitting noise than drowned out all coherent thought—
To his surprise, John ignored him. “You do have a plan, don’t you? To save Anna?”
John looked a little unsure. “Well, it—“
“I don’t like this…“ muttered John as they rounded the first corner. Anna glanced behind her to see if anyone was following—no one was—and immediately ran into Sherlock, who had stopped abruptly. She caught her balance and then saw, with what felt like an iron fist clenching her heart, three armed guards pointing guns at them. And in the middle stood Jim Moriarty, his hands clasped in front of him, an ostentatious gold and velvet crown resting on his head.
John really doesn’t know how this happened. It had seemed innocent at first, incredibly innocent, it was supposed to be just a little, relaxing break from the baby and Mary. He was supposed to come over to help with some case or another, but somehow the topic got shifted all the way over to music, and all John could remember was that they’d had a couple drinks each and John had said something like, “Nah, you couldn’t possibly like rock and roll,” and Sherlock had said something like, “How would you know?” and John had retorted with “Well, because no one who’s got a stick that far up their arse could possible enjoy it.” Then Sherlock had looked quite affronted and mischievous at the same time, which was a very dangerous combination, and said something which sounded like a shot at John’s observation skills (John couldn’t exactly remember the wording) and John had said back, “Okay, Sherlock, prove me wrong then.”
Mycroft’s expression turned serious. “For you, child, that causing pain to another is easy is an advantage. I implore you not to look at it any other way.” He studied her face, and went on. “The danger of the human conscience is that it can, occasionally, prevent us from greatness. And we need you to be great, Anna. It’s the only way we can destroy
one) right there in the sitting room. It was understandable that I’d be a bit distracted.
“I not only have it,” Sherlock said, looking more pleased with himself that he’d ever been, “I know exactly what it’s for: it’s the key to the
John’s world spun. “Sherlock,” he murmured. “I have to… I have to feel inside. There could be internal damage.” He shook his head. “Honestly, you’d be better off in a hospital. They have special equipment, painkillers, things I don’t have…”
Molly sat up and rubbed her tired eyes. “Sherlock?” she addressed him, timidly.
Major Sholto was standing outside the glass, his hat in his hands, shoulders stiffly at attention—the way they always were, in that uniform. Sherlock saw a flash of his face through the throng of people that had crowded into the little hospital room to see the new baby.
The apology wouldn’t be sincere, though. Because if Sherlock hadn’t picked John up out of the chair, if he hadn’t put him in the washtub, if he hadn’t held him as he cried, there would have been no kiss.
The shock of the cold was even worse than John remembered. But he forced himself to concentrate and he surfaced his head and drew in breath. Sherlock’s head hadn’t come up still so John took as deep a breath as he could and dove into the blackness. He opened his eyes under water and they screamed in pain. But he kept them open and by the dim light through the two holes in the ice he saw Sherlock still attempting to struggle, although he was moving slowly and was weighed down by his clothes. John swam underwater and underneath him and tried to push him up and back toward the shore.
“Eh,” Sherlock juggled his head back and forth, “not quite. Come on, it had to be something she’d give up her whole life for. Her whole life, John.”
Ella made another note. Then she looked up at him, solemnly.
“No,” Sherlock cried again, instead of responding to John’s voice.
“Well,” John sniffed, after a beat, “I‘ll be off, then. Just…” his face trembled, “thank you. For listening.” He glanced at Sherlock one last time, then turned and got out of the car.
“No,” Sherlock said, defiantly. If John was really going to do this, he wasn’t about to make it more comfortable for him.
Now they had to return home, to the flat where they lived together. They had to figure out how to go from here, how to live life with the knowledge they had both learned in that office. They had to reconcile the two truths, the two worlds; one where they were friends, only friends, and Sherlock avoided his feelings, and John tried to provoke him into feeling
“Please. I just want to be close to you. Closer than I’ve ever been with anyone. God, Sherlock, please.” His dirty talk was becoming more sentimental. And God help me, that was even hotter.
“No.” Sherlock agreed. “He couldn’t have.”
Mary and Anna stared at him, in shock, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Honestly, John, did you not understand the plan at all?”
Mycroft sighed and leaned over to shut her laptop screen. “Anna, this is no time for games. This only going to end one way: with you understanding that you’ve been lied to your entire life.” Anna felt her heart begin to beat faster, in spite of herself. “I apologize that this is so sudden and unexpected. I’m sure it’s quite a shock. To keep you from the truth, that was a choice Sherlock made when you were very young; and though I did not agree with it, I supported him.” He looked as if he’d become a martyr to do so.
John banged his fists on the window, making Sherlock flinch.
Mycroft watched her, patiently. “What’s here? What’s in the room?” he hinted.
Sherlock opened his mouth and hesitated. He glanced at John. “I’m glad of it,” he said, in a small voice. “Not, of course, the circumstances that brought him… but yes, I’m glad of it. I…” Sherlock looked uncomfortable. “I missed him.”
The two men flew out both doors and rushed down the hallway, around to the back of the building where John had initially entered. They spilled out into the alleyway, Lestrade turning to catch the door before it banged closed. John paused in the middle of the street, his breath rapidly expanding and contracting his blood-spattered chest. “Greg—“
This was the first fic I'd ever written; it started out as a few unrelated, short scenes that I wanted to get out of my head and down on paper, but it gradually grew and took shape as I kept writing. Encouraged by the feedback on my other fics from this lovely AO3 community, I decided to refine this first story and share it, too. It's gone through countless edits and rewrites, and though there are several chapters that I'm still not completely happy with, as a whole I'm proud of this work—if for no other reason than the fact that I finished it.
“I don’t know,” was the final answer, given heavily.
“Oh, I know what you did,” John interrupted, his voice rumbling low. And then, he lowered his gun, just slightly, and pulled the trigger.
“That’s
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open and he immediately glanced down to his crotch, where he’d felt the beginnings of an erection forming. He started to panic, uncomfortable with the whole thing. It wasn’t that he didn’t get an erection now and then, it was that he hadn’t gotten one for
“Well, I—you—well—She’s too
,” I said, and came.
The therapy session had been pretty brutal, but also a relief; Ella had been able to put into words what Sherlock couldn’t, and that had felt like a gigantic weight off his shoulders. John knew, now. He understood, now.
John stared at her. “What?”
Sleep wasn’t going to come to him. Sherlock lay on the couch staring at the ceiling, fingers steepled under his chin, wishing he had a nicotine patch… or seven. His mind was in disarray, jumping from thought to unrelated thought, leapfrogging wildly as the clock ticked the passing of time well into the night.
“You haven’t got it, have you? You’ve been lying to me this entire time. I should just kill you all right now.” She pointed her gun directly at his head.
“He already has,” said Anna, from the kitchen, her voice laced with worry.
“Sherlock, I didn’t mean for things to get like this.”
“What… what are you doing?” Sherlock asked, his voice higher than usual.
Sherlock blinked at him.
Mrs. Smith seemed to not have heard him, though. She suddenly sat up with fervor and stared him directly in the eye. “I’m positive it was the man who was following her!” she exclaimed. “The police don’t believe me, but I know it was him.”
Four days passed. I didn’t answer my phone (three texts from Lestrade, three from Mycroft, one missed call from Mother). I didn’t do any experiments. I never even left the flat. I simply waited, waited for John to come back for “lunch” every day, and then again when his shift at the surgery was finally through. I waited in my dressing gown with unkempt hair and a fluctuating erection, for hours, unable to think of anything but John’s eyes, John’s lips, John’s neck, John’s hands, John’s cock. I waited, lying on the sofa, or in my bed, or in the bath, trapped in my mind palace, where it had seemed I’d pushed out anything that didn’t have to do with sex with John.
“Tell me what to do,” Sherlock said, abruptly. “I haven’t done this before, to someone else. And not to myself in twenty years.”
Anna looked up at him, her countenance broken by misery. “He called me his
“Don’t worry,” Anna interrupted, her expression still friendly. “It was a long time ago. Made me more curious, than anything.”
Sherlock shook his head.
Anna managed to fit the crown in her pack. She twirled the cape around and tied it over her shoulders; it draped down to the floor. Then she picked up the scepter, beautifully shining, covered in gold and precious gems. It was reasonably heavy. She heard Mycroft’s voice echoing in her head, saying “Do what you need to do… it will be the only way you survive.” Anna tested the scepter with a swing in the air.
Sherlock raised one eyebrow. “Indeed? And how did I manage to do that?”
“No,” John agreed. “I wouldn’t.”
Lestrade ran his tongue over his teeth in frustration. “It’s ‘Greg.’ And no, forget I said anything.”
John’s sobs subsided, and he pulled away from Sherlock’s body. He stared at Sherlock’s face, his eyes going over his hair, nose, mouth. He put one hand up to grasp Sherlock’s shoulder again, steadying himself.
Sherlock immediately panicked. “I, erm…”
parents,” Sherlock scoffed, sitting up on the couch and turning around to lay the opposite direction. He stuck his feet in John’s lap, and John began to massage them next.
“A safe place,” he answered.
“That’s certainly not true,” I said, my body flooding with immense relief. I’d lived to have sex another day. “What about that time I didn’t come to your birthday dinner?”
“Yes,” I replied, breathlessly.
It was Sherlock’s turn to nod.
blushing when they locked eyes this time… but Sherlock wasn’t looking. He’d already gone to the chair where his violin case was resting and pulled out the instrument, bringing it up to his chin with delicate finesse. He stared out the window and started to play his rendition of “Auld Lang Syne,” once again.
“Oh! Well, of course I love you.”
It fueled his anger, that the Carruthers had done this to such a lovely thing. He supposed that’s what they got off on, though. What a thrill they must have had when they’d pulled down his trousers…
John was standing in the hallway, on the phone with Lestrade, keeping an eye on Sherlock’s sleeping form. “Jesus,” he exhaled. “What happened?”
“Sherlock.” His voice sounded thin and full at the same time. “You really... God, you really do.”
, and you exploited it! You’ve completely destroyed her to get what you want. My God, Mycroft, don’t you see what you’ve done?”
Molly narrowed her eyes, suddenly quite fierce. “Well, he’s a liar. He was a right mess after you…”
Sherlock thought, as he settled down in his chair and waited for John to emerge from the bedroom.
“You didn’t start making those faces again, did you?”
(Including the conversation that we still hadn’t had.)
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not… five in the morning, honestly. Anna exaggerates constantly, it’s a serious problem. Never believe any of her metrics.” He ran a hand through his hair again, trying to fluff it more. He looked around. “I’d forgotten that Molly doesn’t have a fireplace. Could really use it right now.”
I was doing earlier, don’t you?”
the row must have been, imagining Mary asking for a divorce, imagining John coming back to 221B, a suitcase in tow—
And that was that. Sherlock remembered feeling deflated at that moment, rather like a balloon, all the air in his lungs that he didn’t know he’d been holding onto had rushed out of him all at once. He remembered how heavy Anna had felt in his arms, then. He remembered that she’d stopped crying, and he’d tipped her back to feed her. She hadn’t complained. The formula was the perfect temperature.
I studied him. His face was round, the nose a bit long, deep wrinkles in his forehead and around his mouth. The eyes were blue and green, slightly different colors from each other, and the lips were most ordinary. I supposed he might have an amiable arse, if he deigned to wear trousers that fit him properly. The point was, I’d never really found him attractive, before. And I still didn’t. Not objectively. He held none of the qualities of any of the men I’d kept in my mind palace (I did a quick scan just to make sure). So why did his kiss affect me so?
Anna crossed her arms and smirked. “You can tell me in the car, then.”
John stared down at it for a second—and pulled Sherlock into a hug instead.
“I don’t want to talk like this,” John said, in a small voice. “Don’t make me do it like this.”
Molly could almost feel the sorrow in his voice. “Of course I will.”
John’s ears perked up. Those were almost the exact same words that Sherlock had used when he’d scolded him about being passed-out drunk in the living room. “He wanted to be caught,” John breathed, not really realizing that he’d said it out loud. But it was like a sort of epiphany, for him.
girl.”
“I think you’ll find that they provide, what was it the lad said…” Mycroft stuck his nose in the air, “a ‘deep, resonating bass.’”
that, I can
Sherlock cleared his throat, clearly out of his depth with all of this ‘feeling.’ “Well… if it helps your
Lestrade stared, surprised and confused, and then his face broke into a grin. He laughed heartily. “Don’t worry about it, Sherlock.” His laughter quieted, and then his eyes became very sad. “Come to think of it, it’s me who should be apologizing.”
“For me,” John clarified. His eyes were suddenly shining. “Do you even feel anything for me, anymore?”
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupted, “but then the romance of the gesture would have been lost, now, wouldn’t it?” His eyes twinkled. “And anyway, it’s a bit of a tradition for us, Anna and I, to visit you on Christmas.”
Mrs. Hudson stopped to gather her thoughts, then continued. “Anyway, for the first several months he was so occupied with learning about how to raise a baby that he didn’t even think about solving crimes. Mycroft sent him a significant stipend every month to help with finances, and Sherlock was so absorbed in studying how to be a parent that he didn’t realize what was happening when he started to go… a bit mad. Stir crazy, you know? Went off at every little thing, kept snapping at me for no reason at all… I finally lost my temper and told him he needed to go out, find a case to work on. He was offended that I even suggested it—but two days later, he was back out in the field.
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes again, his face pale with exhaustion. He collapsed in his chair, laying his head back and listening to John throwing things around as he packed his bag.
“I was just playing!” she said, crying. “Please help me!”
John began to cry.
.” She wrinkled her nose, as if it was the bane of her existence that they were so. “But the other part was the silly story that I’d come up with to make sense of why Mum cried. I thought that she was in love with you,” Anna explained, “and that, for whatever reason, she’d married my dad instead. From there it was an easy jump to thinking that you might actually be my real father. Especially easy because of Dad, because of how he was.”
, John thought.
“No, I decided to put him in the shower.”
Anna asked herself.
Anna had a special tool she’d gotten to extend her screwdriver around corners. She attached it to the screwdriver, then stuck it out the grate—and it immediately dropped onto the floor, just out of reach. “Bollocks,” she swore, banging on the grate in frustration. It fell off the wall and clattered innocently to the ground.
John snorted into his drink. “Sure, yeah, right… m’bed. Yes.” John blinked at the whiskey bottle, sitting on the coffee table. How did it get there? Wasn’t it in his hand?
“Oh yeah? Is that why you were smirking like an idiot and attempting to get us caught?”
Sherlock swallowed.
,” he scolded. Then, “I am, though.”
Despite knowing it would hurt, John was wholly unprepared for Sherlock’s reaction: his whole body spasmed and he moaned into the towel. “
“I—I don’t—Sher—I can’t—I
“Because that’s how it feels,” I told him. “Even before you kissed me, that’s how it felt. I didn’t know it was love, until now. And maybe it’s not, still. You tell me. You tell me, John. What is that called? When you feel that way? What is it?” I was getting a little hysterical.
The gasp came from a small, dark-haired, teenage girl who was standing next to a smirking Moriarty. Her face was gaunt and tear-stained and held such a sense of shock that the prisoner immediately felt guilty for not knowing who she was. She certainly knew
However, Anna was satisfied. She walked back to Sherlock and looked for his commendation. “Good job,” he breathed, giving it to her. “Now let’s get you cleaned up.”
It was Sherlock’s turn to flush. “I didn’t mean
But the thing about being under water and in the cold and dark was that John’s senses were deprived and couldn’t tell if his efforts were paying off. He was running out of air and kept pushing and pushing and kicking and then suddenly he knew with certain clarity that they were both going to die. He would drown in the pond and Sherlock too and what a stupid, stupid way for them to go. It was so incredibly stupid and worthless that it was almost comical. John felt almost like laughing as his chest spasmed with the desire to breathe. He pushed and he kicked—
Mary was watching him from the floor, she and Anna playing with gigantic, brightly-colored puzzle pieces. “John, just calm down.”
“You know, you know,” Sherlock answers, desperately.
Sherlock’s eyes lingered on John’s for a moment. “Probably the exact language she would use,” he murmured. He shifted his gaze back to the storm. “But beyond that, she likes music—although she could have a better appreciation for classical—and prefers playing fiddle over violin.”
The kiss was awkward, because of how we were sitting. Our lips didn’t quite match up, and our teeth clanked loudly together. I pulled back and looked him in the eyes. “Are you going to listen to me, now?” John blinked at me, and nodded. “I want both. I want you, and I want the Work. I just have to figure out how to make it possible.”
There are no flames, just the feeling. The hot, itching, blistering; the dissolution of skin, sloughing off in sheets of burnt, black carbon. My physical body peeling away layer by layer. I feel these things but I don’t see them, which makes them all the more frightening. As I open my mouth to release the heat within, I exhale a scream. And just when I cannot possibly take any more, I awaken.
Lestrade raised one eyebrow. “For what?”
Sherlock stared at her, confusion rippling across his face. “I apologize if I made you feel like that,” he said, slowly. “You know I’m just concerned for her safety.” He waited for Molly to respond, but she kept working and didn’t acknowledge him. “Fine,” he snapped, becoming angry. “Don’t tell me. But can you at least say if she’s acting… appropriately?”
“He could have been bluffing,” John said, in a small voice.
John turned to Sherlock. “I don’t care what you do or don’t explain,” he spat, “so long as you tell her that Carruthers deserved what he got. Worse. He deserved even
“So don’t go messing it all up just because of
“Just having a rest,” John replied. His eyes were closed. They were dry from the heat but it was very nice. It was very nice to be warm again.
“Don’t you see what’s going on?” I interrupted. “I can’t even think anymore. I can’t think of anything but you. You’ve—you’ve
“I need—“ I groaned. “John, I need—”
Sherlock glanced down at their hands together. “A bit tired, actually,” he said, pulling his away and tucking it under the blanket. “I think I’d like to take a nap.”
John huffed a laugh. “Honestly, Mary is so preoccupied with… whatever it is she’s working on, right now, that I doubt she’ll even notice I’m gone.”
“S’happening?” John slurred.
“So, what’s the plan?” asked John, not touching his plate of spaghetti.
John had been gone, on holiday, visiting his parents for Christmas. “You’re going
Sherlock thought.
“It’s about damn time,” said Lestrade’s voice, on the other end of the phone. “Haven’t you got my texts? Two more bodies, Sherlock. Two.”
should show up on my doorstep.”
Molly’s eyes widened. “
“Uh, no. No, I haven’t forgotten. I just…” John looked from Sherlock, to Molly, and back to Sherlock again. He had no reason to be jealous, he knew that. If Sherlock had slept with Molly, it was only out of loneliness and desperation—John was back, now, and there was no need for those feelings, anymore…
Anna laughed. She couldn’t help it.
Sherlock’s head snapped up.
John’s lips twisted. “You know, now that I think about it, you probably want it that way. You want her to hate you, because you think it will drive a wedge between me and her.” Sherlock glanced up sharply, but didn’t deny it. John felt a burst of satisfaction at being right. “When did that start, Sherlock? You used to
much!” Sherlock said to the woman, a little over-enthusiastically, and she smiled again.
In the morning John woke first and tip-toed out of bed while Sherlock was still sleeping. He tied one of the blankets around his waist and managed to grab some clothes off the floor without being too loud. He took them out to the main room and put them on. They were very cold and he tried not to think about how soiled they were. He would need to wash some of his and Sherlock’s clothes in the bath and hang them to dry in front of the fire so that they had clean ones to wear.
Sherlock picked up the pot of freshly-brewed tea (he’d made it himself, for once) and chucked it against the wall with all his might. It shattered immediately, shards of porcelain flying in every direction,  a dark, wet wash of tea bleeding down the wall and coagulating on the floor. He spotted the two cups and saucers and the sugar bowl and the creamer, still sitting quietly on the kitchen table, and threw each of them into the wall as well, for good measure.
“Hey, yeah, I… yeah.” Lestrade’s voice sounded thin, stressed.
John fled the window and went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. He felt nervous, flighty. Them coming here, did it mean…
but John. He couldn’t imagine feeling like this about anyone else, ever. Loving both of them? That sounded like a cop-out.
In my dreams, I am flying.
the British government.
“John,” said Sherlock, not looking at him. He looked down instead, at the length in John’s trousers, and his own.
“I know, Sherlock,” he said gently. “I know, baby brother.”
of fabric. He eyed John’s cock, already fully erect and bobbing out from his body.
“Oh for God’s sake, Sherlock,” John started. “This is
She was bait for
John smiled and shook his head at her, fondly. But he began to look around anyway, a discreet inspection to make sure she was indeed handling the cleaning. And she was right, it was clean. In fact, everything looked
researching how to smuggle an entire flock of bats into Mycroft’s flat, and not once did you try anything with me!”
I stared after him, perplexed, before grabbing my coat and following along.
John thought about it. “I suppose... if it was hers to begin with.” He felt his heart start to race. “You think… you think she’s…”
John’s hand immediately grabbed his crotch, and Sherlock let out a guttural sound, a wordless admission of pleasure, as his head collapsed into the crook of John’s neck. “You’re full of it,” John said, thickly, recovered from his shock. “I bet you touch yourself all the time.” His hand rubbed Sherlock’s prick through the fabric of his pajama bottoms.
John’s eyes pleaded.
“Sherlock,” John started, “I get that it’s been… too fast. I get that. I’d forgotten it, from when you came back after those two years. I’d forgotten how surreal it was, what an intrusion it seemed. I’d had a new life that finally made sense, and I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go back to the old one.”
Sherlock always knew it would happen like this.
Mycroft gave him that forced, doting smile that he always did in lieu of actual laughter. And then his smile grew sour. “Promise me, Sherlock,” he said, seriously. “Promise me you won’t make any more foolish decisions.”
; and one where John knew that Sherlock felt everything, and intensely, and all for him.
Sherlock stepped over the threshold and immediately took in his surroundings. Clean, well-kept, minimalistic style, but comfortable. Family photos on the walls. Grandfather clock ticking from the sitting room (old family heirloom, from the sound). Mr. Carruthers showed him to the sitting room and descended a nearby staircase.
“Mary.”
Mycroft considered him for a moment, then gave him one of his typical thin-lipped smiles. “If it had been me,” he said, “I would have been smarter about it.”
“Uh… sure,” John replied, clearing his throat. “I, erm… just need to use the loo, first.” He kissed her again and went out of the kitchen.
“Whassa—wha?” John asked.
Sherlock and John got out of the car, John paid the cabby, Sherlock unlocked the front door (the usual sequence). Sherlock went in, first, not waiting for John (again, like always). Each step up the stairs was a step closer to the end. Like he was on death row, being herded along to the electric chair.
She shook her head.
about the dream. He opened his eyes again, deciding if he really wanted to do this. To think about John this way. He hadn’t before, not really, not any further than the jealously that had hit him at times in the past, when John would choose to spend time with his girl of the week rather than with Sherlock. He’d always interpreted that jealousy as platonic, of selfishly wanting John around to talk to and to help him solve crimes—not a lover’s jealousy, no, most certainly not
It was a military funeral, which was another unexpected thing. Sherlock didn’t think John would have much cared for the extravagance of it, but he supposed it was necessary given John’s history in the war. The empty coffin was buried in a military cemetery, as well, in one half of a double-plot section—the other half being for Mary, when she too passed away. Sherlock spent the remainder of the burial in a rage that that woman, who was in his mind just as responsible for John’s death as Moriarty, still had a place beside him after she died. “It’s for show, Sherlock, you know that,” Mycroft had whispered to him, as they lowered the coffin into the ground. “The fewer people who know, the better.”
“You did!” Sherlock accused, his eyes narrowing.
“Scrooge? Please, John. Scrooge turns good at the end.”
She opened her eyes. “What are you going to do?”
It was all just too much work. Mentally, physically, I just never could understand how sex was worth it. Granted, I hadn’t had that many partners (and most of them when I was a teenager) but I’d had a few. Both women and men (thought the problem was just women at first—which it was, and then it wasn’t), and I still never liked it. Preferred to be alone, if the need arose. The fantasy was always so much better.
John looked at his hands.
was so upset. Perhaps he was disappointed that I lied to him? “I’m sorry,” I said, and I meant it this time. I didn’t like to see him like this. Especially because I now had—ugh—
Sherlock snorted. “’That one time’… you mean the first time we met?”
John almost burst out laughing at the cliché question. Instead, he told her, “Bloody well violated!”
.) While he was getting out the cups, I switched to my new tactic.
Molly hesitated. “I… I don’t feel right betraying her confidence.”
for four straight months,” Sherlock insulted, smoothly. “Honestly, your depth of conversation, or lack thereof, has reduced me to something resembling tears in a much shorter time frame.”
“I… I’m not… What?”
she heard Mycroft’s voice echo, from what seemed like so very long ago.
Molly’s mouth had fallen open, disbelieving Mycroft’s massive capacity for deception. “But… your own brother. Didn’t you care at all about his feelings? About what would happen to
She had no idea what she was in for.
I was hunting around the floor for my dressing gown, so I could get out of there. “What.”
, he reminded himself.
“Aren’t you going to pour one for me, too?”
, she thought.
John shook his head, and the annoyance shifted from the furious kind to the fond one. “Christ,” he invoked the name of that religious icon once more for good measure, and I knew he’d given in. He plopped down on the sofa on top of my feet and glanced at me sideways. “In half, you say?”
“Say it, darling,” Carruthers murmured, once again stilling himself. “Come on.” He thrust again. “Say you like it.”
“Fuck,” John moaned, giving in. He grasped the back of Sherlock’s neck. “I couldn’t stop thinking about you, either. You’ve no idea, it was awful.” Sherlock started undoing John’s shirt buttons, one after the other, his hands shaking with anticipation. “I’d be sitting there at dinner, with Mary and my parents, daydreaming about your voice, your hands, your mouth....” John grabbed Sherlock’s face to kiss him again. Sherlock leaned forward, sank into the curve of John’s torso.
Sherlock pulled away slightly, just so their lips were apart again. John felt a magnetic pull to follow him but Sherlock spoke first. “John,” he said softly. John waited for more but there was none. He would have liked a bit of affirmation or even a denial so that at least he knew where Sherlock stood on their kissing each other. John for his part knew where he stood on it very well, which was almost a surprise to him. He’d thought about it before many times long ago but had always thought it would be different in real life, that there may have been some detail that he hadn’t anticipated in his fantasies that would put him off kissing Sherlock altogether. He was surprised to discover that it wasn’t any different at all from how he’d imagined it in his mind.
“Shut up,” growled Anna. “Or I’ll make you.”
, thought Sherlock.
And then, Anna looked down at her chest and felt the sharp knives sitting there patiently in their sheathes. She laughed at her own stupidity.
The truth was, Sherlock was frightened that John
Mary smiled at him. “Good.”
“It was a
“Oh, I don’t think you should blame fatherhood for that,” she told him. “I think it has more to do with you losing John.” Sherlock looked at her, and Mary thought she might have seen a smile. “You said that he keeps you right,” she elaborated. “At our wedding, that’s what you said. He’s your
what she’s saying.” And before John could blink, Sherlock had flopped down on the carpet and was resting his chin on his palms, staring directly into Anna’s eyes. She blinked at him, a little surprised at his face suddenly in front of hers, but then began to talk again.
That was when he noticed that John had no suitcase.
John snorted at that, glancing sideways at him. “What a load of rubbish, it’s got to be driving you up the wall.”
things like that—“ he stopped talking to groan as Sherlock squeezed his hardening prick through the fabric of his pants.
Sherlock had inquired, pretending he hadn’t heard correctly. He threw his head back farther on John’s lap to look up at his face.
John stopped pacing.
But John had seemed nearly out of his mind with worry when he’d rang and woke him up that morning, and Lestrade could do nothing else but promise him he’d help.
“I’m fumigating your rooms,” Mrs. Hudson declared, exiting Sherlock’s bedroom and tottering down the hall.
But that’s what Sherlock did to a person and John hated him, he just hated him.
John stood over him and cocked his head, as if listening intently. “How many times have you heard those same words?” he asked, in mock wonderment. “And how many times,” John continued, “did you keep on anyway?”
Somehow, they teleported back down to the lab. Sherlock didn’t know how that happened, didn’t care. He found his hands roaming the curves of her body, inside of her lab coat, and she shook it off her shoulders with one swift motion. Sherlock leaned forward to kiss her again, but she suddenly shrank back and stared at him.
Mycroft gave him a wry smile. “It’s a rather enjoyable way of life. I don’t regret the additional weight one bit.” He patted it. “Keeps me quite warm in the winter.”
“Do you have feelings for Sherlock?” was the first question out of his therapist’s mouth, despite the fact that he’d been coming to her regularly and she
“I suppose you’re hungry,” Sherlock interrupted. He needed to get John out of there, so that he could start his own line of inquiry.
“No. This is non-negotiable. He can’t… I can’t have him believing that I’m dead, for two years. I just… I know what that’s like, Mary. You know I know what that’s like, how awful it was for
Sherlock breathed out. “I don’t know. I certainly care about him… and love him, as a friend, but… I don’t know,” he finished, lamely.
“Yes, you did.” I paced around the enclosed area.
Sherlock watched him silently from the bench, his back straight and his hands clasped in his lap. His narrow, grey eyes followed the doctor back and forth as he paced, but the rest of his face was very still.
“Overwhelming,” offered Anna.
“One minute,” the guard behind them called.
And by letting John save him, Sherlock would help John, too. Because, contrary to what he’d believed since they’d first met, John did not have an obsession with danger. He did not thrive on looking death in the eye and living to fight another day. No, what John thrived on was not danger; it was
Sherlock turned back and sighed, his ire melting away. “Yes, but it doesn’t matter now.” He strode forward the rest of the way and knelt in front of her. “Are you alright?”
But Anna didn’t answer him; she just kept staring at the ground, wishing for all the world that she hadn’t brought Sherlock to school.
Sherlock was totally blindsided by the question. He supposed he’d spent so long being Anna's
Sherlock had got closer but hadn’t said anything more. John didn’t look at him but he felt his presence like a tree or a bush or a pile of wood under a tarp, a fixture in the environment and nothing more with no bearing on John’s work. He could watch if he liked. It was no concern of John’s.
. Imagine trying to help plan a wedding for the person you love to marry someone else!”
“Good,” John said. It was the first thing he’d said to Sherlock and Sherlock started a little. “Here.” John took off his deerskin gloves and offered them to him. “I’ll be in the barn when you’re finished.” He still had to give the cow her second milking and now if Sherlock would chop the wood he also had time to finish weatherizing the pipes in the barn and in the crawlspace of the house before it got too dark.
“Drawer,” Sherlock gasps, and points to the bedside table.
, I thought.
I stared at him, and he leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to my lips. “Goodnight, Sherlock,” he bid, and then went down the stairs.
As he’d had quite enough of Mrs. Hudson by that point, Sherlock employed Molly to come to the store with him and help him pick out something “economical.” She’d gone happily, choosing a bright-red, hooded zip-up jacket that looked like a cross between a tarp and a picnic blanket. He zipped it, staring at himself in the mirror, his upper lip curled into a disgusted snarl. He was completely put-out by the purchase; that was, until a few days later when he was holding Anna in the park and she puked on his arm. He wiped it off in two seconds, with zero damage to the hideous garment, and was so excited that he cheered “Hurrah!” with one fist in the air right in the middle of the park. He then went through a phase where he wore the coat constantly, like it was a hazmat suit and Anna an infected specimen. That disgust of another human’s bodily fluids quickly left him, however, after being spit up on, pooped on, drooled on, and sneezed on so many times he didn’t think he could count them even if he sat down in his mind palace and tried.
Perhaps, then, my dreams of burning alive were manifestations of the emotional withdrawals I’d gone through since that damn child was born and John had not time left for me in his life.
Immediately after it happened, Sherlock tried not to think about it. He pushed it to the back of his brain as he finished stripping off John’s wet clothes and put on new, dry ones. He kept it at the back after he lay John in his bed on his side, in case he vomited again—a lesson he’d learned in the first year of this drug addiction—and continued keeping it there as he went to his own bed, exhausted. But he didn’t delete it.
“Molly, shush!” Anna’s voice, scolding her. “They’ve heard us, now!”
“John—“
“What’s up? Did you find him?”
John looked terribly heartbroken. “Do you not want to talk to me, then?” he asked softly. “That’s alright. I don’t have to talk, Sherlock.”
capable of pity, despite what some may tell you.” He went over to the last guard with an outstretched hand, and the man gave him the back-up pistol out of his holster. “I wouldn’t go and kill both of your daddies, no, that’d be too
“I don’t want to hurt you,” I said, but I was already lining myself up properly.
Sherlock thought he ought to feel something. Of all the times in his life to have a human feeling, this should have trumped them all. But somehow, he felt nothing.
I scowled. He was still swinging the umbrella pendulously, as if he was making an attempt at hypnosis. His other hand was tucked tightly into his trouser pocket. Too tightly, in fact. The trousers were too small—he was gaining weight again.
The waiting was the worst part. It was nearly unbearable—not even the pacing was working. Instead, Sherlock went into the kitchen, imagining John making coffee there every morning. Into the bathroom, imagining John’s toothbrush on the sink next to his, his towel hanging to dry on the rack. Into his bedroom, imagining them sharing the bed every night.
And then he swallowed me down.
He just couldn’t believe that this was it, that Sherlock had been outsmarted, outwitted, out-deduced, and that John was going to die for it.
John froze as he caught sight of the photo in front of him, the one of him and Anna when she was a baby. And then his eyes moved to the other pictures of her, at various ages, holding sports trophies, playing violin, buried in the sand at the beach…. Suddenly, he turned around and made for the stairs. “John?” asked Sherlock, as John ascended to the next floor. He hopped up and went after him. “John, where are you—“
Mary knelt to embrace the girl and overwhelmed her with a flurry of kisses. John watched them fondly for a moment before glancing up at Sherlock again, intent on making up for his prior awkwardness by
It was a teenage girl.
Sherlock swallowed, unsure of how to proceed. “Well, you know, those fish weren’t yours,” he said. “And…” he motioned over to the other girls. “Do you see how… erm… Lucy is crying?” Anna nodded. “That’s because she is sad that her fish are dead.”
And looking. He was actively looking, too.
Suddenly, they were back at 221B.
“Well… you wait.”
A young girl in a bright yellow dress with a high, bobbing ponytail hopped up to the front desk of the Cultural Museum. It was five minutes before closing time, and the museum had all but cleared out of visitors. She peered over the counter at the lady working in admissions, her hands on the straps of her colorful plastic backpack.
he thought, standing over the sink and trying to cool his temper. He was annoyed that he’d been saying that to himself more and more often, lately.
“John, I don’t… look, I know you’re upset, and—“
Sherlock had also put on one of John’s shirts that he’d left in the flat on accident, checked, a little looser fitting than what he’d normally wear. He looked at himself in the mirror, smirking. He looked very American. And
, Sherlock.
“Before what?”
“You remember when you made me give you my phone?”
“You…” John finally started. “You didn’t feel anything, right?” The look on his face was unreadable, and Sherlock didn’t like that one bit.
John got the snow shovel from the side of the porch and started to dig a path to the barn. If he didn’t do it now it would be even deeper and more difficult to clear after the blizzard. By the time he was done he was sweating and the wind had picked up speed. The tops of the trees were bending, although the snow had not started. John had finished the path and when he got to the barn he put more food out for the cat and milked the cow. He filled up the cow’s water and gave her fresh hay to eat. He patted her a few times and called her Good Girl, and thought about how he would soon leave her behind. He made sure the blanket was secure and then went to the chicken coop. There was a covered area outside the roost that provided space for the chickens to roam during the snow and rain. The snow had blown a bit inside but it was big enough that there was still plenty of dry ground for them. He threw some grain on the ground for them to scratch at, although they were still in their roost; they knew the storm was coming inherently. John filled their water as well and then he went back up the path to get the wheelbarrow. He had to dump out some snow from it and after he did he took it back behind the cabin to the woodshed. He filled it with as much wood as he could push and brought it back up to the house.
“Sherlock! John.” It was Lestrade, striding towards us from across the room. “Find anything yet? I was just speaking with the supervisor upstairs, he said the security system didn’t recognize any unauthorized entry last night.”
Sherlock watched from the bottom of the steps as John flung Anna’s bedroom door open and stared at the sight in front of him. Sherlock knew what he was seeing, he knew the state of Anna’s room: clothes strewn all over, stuffed animals on her bookshelf, posters of pop bands covering the walls. John sat down, right in the middle of the hallway, absorbing it all.
Anna looked into his eyes, fear still pervading hers. “Is it always that easy?” she whispered. “To hurt people?”
Metal table in the center of the room, bolted to the floor, and two matching chairs, pushed into the sides.
of your ‘escapades,’ as you so delicately put them.”
The woman in the suit became indignant. “Mr. Holmes—“ she began.
Sherlock snorted. “We can do
Three pairs of eyes stared at him. “Well, it’s…” Sherlock was taken by surprise—he didn’t know John had told her they were working on a case. They should have discussed it ahead of time, come up with a story. “It’s a secret,” he finished, tentatively. “Top… secret.”
“John!” Mary barked, and John and Anna both looked at her. “Go in that bench underneath your seat cushion, there’s a wetsuit and an oxygen tank.” John stood up and rummaged around in the bench before finally extracting those two items. He closed the bench again and held them out to her. “Sorry, darling,” she told him, “I’m afraid I can’t go, as I’ve got to keep an eye on the other two; and you’re the only one who will fit into my suit.”
“So, you want to be in the room with him.”
John swallowed. “How… how long has this been going on?”
“Stoppit, Sherlock.” John was looking very angry. Perfect. I felt triumphant and sick to my stomach, at once.
Anna’s smile became firmer. “Of course. That nice man with the funny name who bought me a chocolate bar and made my mother cry the whole way home.”
John’s baby (
Sherlock looked a bit puzzled. “I don’t believe you’ve mentioned them before…” he trailed off, and raised his newspaper back to his face. “Well, I’ll be meeting each of them, of course.”
“Oh, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock replied, his voice deep and knowing, “I simply 'let' him get it out of his system. I am perfectly content to wait until he has.”
John gulped and sat back. “I suppose... I mean, I can’t live in both worlds, Sherlock. It’s got to be one or the other.”
first? Wasn’t he going to tell Sherlock where he’d been for all those years, what he’d been doing? What was he, waiting for Sherlock to
“This one’s unusually light,” he remarked, frowning.
. “And what do you know about the disappearance?” he cut in, his eyelids snapping up.
—“ and then chanting Sherlock’s name as he rode out his orgasm under Sherlock’s grip.
“Okay,” said John, attempting patience. “That’s the part I need you to explain.”
Sherlock gaped at her.
John’s mouth fell open again. “What? Since when?”
Sherlock grabbed her face with both hands and backed her up against the edge of an empty autopsy table, pressing his hips into hers. “Molly,” he growled, his voice thick, “do shut up.” And then he drove his tongue into her mouth, and felt her body go limp around his kiss.
Her voice isn’t half bad. A little flat on some notes, and her vibrato could use some work. There is a piano playing, too, or a keyboard probably, because it’s not percussive enough for a piano. “I can’t focus,” I say, grumpily.
Mary nodded again, her face full of regret. “I envy you, then,” she whispered. Then, “Do they hate me? John and Anna?”
“I told you,” John said, coolly, “I’m going to ask him a question.”
John tried to think back, tried to see if he’d missed any obvious clues that Sherlock was into him. They’d been friends for so long, close friends, so how could he ever distinguish that closeness from sexual desire? Maybe there were signs, but John had not been paying attention, had not thought he
He winked at her.
“I know you don’t understand why I sent him away,” Sherlock said. “I actually don’t, either. The idea of him here… when it’s been just you and I for so long… it was...”
But Sherlock pet the cow and spoke softly to her, and took off his gloves, at the last moment he sat on the stool and milked her. He turned his head and looked sideways at John with a cheeky smirk as if to say,
John eyed her, suspiciously.
“Then cease asking me stupid questions!” He turned and strode over to the ledge he’d jumped off many years ago.
, John,” Sherlock replied, “you are not responsible for my wellbeing. I
“Greg!” Donovan interjected, wide-eyed. “You can’t tell him, you could compromise the investigation—“
“But… how…”
“Hey, watch your language!” reprimanded the kneeling guard.
“I already told you,” said Moriarty, licking his lips. “
.” He growled that last part right next to her ear, and she blinked rapidly, trying not to cry. She purposely avoided looking at John’s face, imagining the look of horror that had been on it before. “Anywhoo…” sang the criminal, standing up straight again and backing away. “You’ll be glad you dropped the knife, Anna, for I’m about to give you a much better weapon than that.” He looked over at his cronies, and nodded once. Two of the guards walked over to each Sherlock and John, kicking their legs from behind to force them on their knees. Both guards then pointed their guns directly at their heads. The remaining guard stood behind Moriarty and kept his gun on Anna.
go.” John’s voice was firm.
“Stoppit,” he said.
“Ah,” John gasped. His breath caught, over and over, and he closed his eyes tightly.
The Detective Inspector sat in stony silence on the other end.
“Alright, then,” he agreed, trying not to smile. “I’ll buy you a chocolate bar, but only if you promise to go back inside and do as she says for the rest of the day.”
Back to silence. The thud of Carruthers’ foot into his side. The ringing in his ears after—
“Yeah,” said John. He pursed his lips. “He told me he didn’t love me, and he had no room for me to sleep in, and that I needed to leave.”
“Not until you say you like it,” Carruthers whispered, and thrust inside Sherlock again with all his strength.
It was necessity.
Sherlock’s eyes searched his face, his brow crinkled over his eyelids. “You’re angry,” he observed.
The night was cold and none of them had brought proper clothing for a December night on the water, so by the time they reached their destination they were all four shivering. “Stop here,” chattered Mary, and Sherlock slowed the boat to a stop.
“Oh yes, of course,” John said to her, playing along. “Yes, indeed. Oh, really?” he interjected, whenever she paused. He glanced up and smiled at Sherlock, who was watching them both with interest.
woman, extremely intelligent and clever, who lived such a thrilling life and overcame immensely difficult obstacles, who you overcame your own obstacles to be with,
.” Sherlock involuntarily grunted in pain as he felt Carruthers’ cock squeeze into his body. It was as if he was being split apart, turned inside out; full where he shouldn’t be full, and in terrible, terrible pain.
Sherlock stood up to wrap the coat around Anna. She smiled weakly at him as he bent over to help her arms through the sleeves and fold the front of it around her torso. As he pulled down her arms, he deliberately slid her hands into the pockets—and Anna felt the fingers of her right hand curl around something cold and hard.
“I don’t know what to say,” came the muffled, strained reply, directly on the other side of the door. John jumped a little, not expecting Sherlock to have been sitting that close to him the entire time.
John’s eyes snapped open, and he jolted in panic—accidentally peeing on the floor. “Shit, bugger!” he swore. He just stood there for a moment, his dick in his hand, trying to register the memory that he’d seen. “Oh my God,” he groaned. He hoped that it wasn’t a real memory, but he had a terrible, gnawing feeling that it was.
He maneuvered his head around to look me in the eye. “Are you okay? With this, I mean. With...” He swallowed. His hands were moving over my chest, the spots where his fingertips touched tingling with electricity on my skin. Even through my shirt.
“Oh God, Sherlock,” John said back, his voice raw and strangled. “I love you, too.”
homicide!”
When John first moved to the cabin, he had a dog. It was a given that if he was going to hunt and live alone that he needed a dog to help him and keep him company. He wanted to be alone but a dog did not count and he’d very much enjoyed having it there to talk to. He especially enjoyed how it couldn’t talk back but rather looked at him happily and wagged its tail as dogs are want to do. He was very fond of the dog and very glad of the company out there in the wilderness.
John felt like crying with joy, just hearing the two of them bicker.
And holy Jesus God, John actually looked frightened. He never looked at me like that—he never looked at
love her. I do. I know I’ve been selfish, absent… but I love my daughter, Sherlock. In another life, I would have been happy to raise her myself.”
John’s gazed was heated, and electric. “Of course I like it. But I want to try something else. If you want to.”
The apology softened John’s face, like it always did. He was just so predictable. “Sorry,” he repeated. He was trying to maintain his anger, but I could tell it had been downgraded to mere annoyance. He sighed. “Do you even know what you’re sorry for?”
, he thought.
Sherlock stepped up to the front door of a large, well-kept home in the middle of a quiet neighborhood just outside of town. The surroundings were friendly enough;
In reply, Sherlock bent his head and took John into his mouth.
Molly followed him. “Tell Mycroft,” she said. “I’m sure he’s already got an eye on Mary and Moriarty, and this might help him—“
Anna laughed a short laugh, zipping up the bag and swinging it around onto her back. She stared him down with red-rimmed eyes. “Yes,” she said. “I am.” And then she walked past him and out of the flat, leaving him standing alone in her empty room.
I rolled my eyes. “Oh please, I—“
I pushed a finger inside him.
the first time.”
“Sherlock,” John spoke, and the familiarity of his voice was like a slap in the face. Sherlock thought he’d forgotten how John sounded, but he hadn’t. No, he certainly hadn’t. He blinked several times, his mind racing, trying to understand Moriarty’s motivation. Why was John still alive? Why had Moriarty given him back? What did Moriarty want with Anna? And where was Mary, in all of this?
“No,” she answered, meekly.
“John!” Mary rushed down the hall after him, but John closed and locked the bathroom door before she got there. “John!” she yelled, pounding on it with her one free hand.
Anna's mind raced. “So my mother lied to him.”
. I will not have such profanity in this—“
John went back to the pan on the burner and cracked four eggs into it and scrambled them up with the onions. Sherlock had finished stacking the wood and came back to the kitchen to remove the two tea bags from the cups. “Compost,” John told him. “Under the sink.” Sherlock found the aluminum pot where John kept scraps of plant matter for his garden. As the pot got full John would dump it into the caged compost pile out back and this he would draw from to mix with his planting soil in the spring.
. In practice, you have to work at it. It takes work to stay focused. In the real world it’s more like,
“No,” said Mycroft, sternly. “She’s not your daughter, Sherlock, as you are so fond of telling people. You may have raised her, but she is and will always be the child of Jim Moriarty. And she is the only one who can help us destroy him.”
Sherlock sat back and shifted his weight in the seat, then leaned forward again. “You told me that this was ‘grief.’”
, Sherlock thought, unbelievably.
, inside her… but if she killed herself, we can’t get him for murder. We can try to make a rape case based on the injuries she sustained, but a good legal team might be able to prove it was consensual.”
“Talk to me,” Sherlock whispered.
component. There seemed to be two different things, love and lust, and though they often went hand-in-hand, they were not mutually exclusive. For example, he read that as married people aged and their sex drives diminished, the love they shared became one of friendship, deep bonding to the soul. “Sex fades away,” one writer said, “and what remains is true love.”
“Well, I suppose it doesn’t matter one way or the other, does it?” John laughed awkwardly. “You still got me, in the end.” He reached up to touch Sherlock’s face, intent on pulling him in for a kiss.
“Mary!” John shouted, grabbing his jacket and heading after her. His shirt flapped, unbuttoned, as he took the stairs two at a time. “Mary, wait!”
“Hey,” John said, turning back to go out the door. “Don’t look at me. We’re lucky she’s even letting
John emerged from the bedroom, hoping that Sherlock had already gotten up and left for the day; but, alas, he found him in the kitchen, along with his wife and daughter. Sherlock was sitting next to Anna, attempting to help feed her and mostly getting the food everywhere but between her lips. “This is impossible!” he complained, moodily. “She keeps moving about, I can’t get a fix on her mouth!”
“Goodbye, Sherlock,” he said, instead. And then, afraid that Sherlock’s reaction might truly break his heart, he turned and left the flat without another look back.
“Oh, let me look at you,” she sniffed, pushing away.
Anna stared from John to Sherlock and back again, and gritted her teeth, swallowing her tears.
He was smiling.
Sherlock looked up, into John’s eyes, and John thought he saw something open up inside of them. “Of course I feel something,” Sherlock confessed, softly. “Ofcourse I do.”
At first she thought they were the police, and panicked—until they chloroformed her with a dirty rag. Her last thought before she passed out was,
And then, suddenly, a crazy idea popped into my head.
“Of course I’ve kissed.”
“You’re angry because your wife is dead, and not just because you loved her.”
“I didn’t know you liked music,” Anna had said, staring up at the ceiling. Her bloated stomach gurgled obnoxiously.
“The cemetery?”
“Thanks, yes, we did,” Mary confirmed, squeezing John’s hand and smiling at him. He smiled back, warmly.
But Sherlock couldn’t deduce it. He just couldn’t. He was out of practice, hadn’t solved a case in years—working in the morgue was not stimulating, not to him. His mind had grown soft, and he didn’t have time to exercise it back into shape. Anna was out there, needing him, and every second they wasted was another second that she could be back home, safe.
“John—”
He came close and started kissing me again, cradling my face in his hands. His fingers curled back behind my neck, the tips just barely tangled in my hair. He kissed with desperation, with his mouth open and sweet. He kissed like a soldier, gone away for months.
. And?” he prompted, before I could retort. “What else?”
Lestrade thumbed the edge of the glass where it met the countertop. “Sherlock, why didn’t you do it before? Give the statement, I mean? Would have saved us a hell of a lot of trouble, from the beginning, you know.”
But Sherlock did not close his eyes, and the beast kicked John in the left kidney again, and John screamed once more.
I wasn’t the type of person to feel guilt. I just wasn’t. I was a rare occurrence, if I did feel it, and the only times I ever really did were when John had pointed out that I should. And this case was no exception, really. The Wembley murderer, the one who had been cutting people in half, had killed twice more during the last week whilst I had been preoccupied with my first positive sexual excursion. It wasn’t my fault if Scotland Yard was too stupid to catch him on their own, so I felt nothing akin to guilt. But the morning after John had left at twelve-thirty AM, I had needed a distraction—and what better than a fresh dead body? “Address?” I asked.
He turned to Lestrade. “He hasn’t said anything?”
, he thought to himself.
He stopped when he reached the edge of the Room. A couple of I-beams stood sticking out of the ground where the observation deck had been. In front should have been the thick glass chamber where John was imprisoned.
John studied me for a long moment. “I just want to make sure you still want this.”
Sherlock released her and stepped back. “Do you realize what you’ve done?” he asked, in quiet terror.
“Hello love, I’m your Aunt Harry,” Harry said, her voice cold and dull.
“John, I know you want to go in all ‘guns a-blazing’ and be the hero, but—“
through text message.” He made his voice excruciatingly high-pitched: “’How are you, Sherlock?’ ‘Fine. You?’ ‘Still an insufferable prat.’”
Sorry this took so long to post! There were the holidays, and then the rewrites... I'm full of excuses, I know.
. And he has a child. You’re not only jeopardizing his future, but the future of that baby… detestable as she is.”
Dreams, however, were another matter entirely. Sherlock didn’t have complete control over his subconscious as he did his conscious mind, although it wasn’t for lack of trying: he had experimented with lucid dreaming and had been able to alter his dreams to some extent. A dream would start and he’d use certain techniques to become aware that he was dreaming, and then he could change the trajectory of the dream into whatever he wanted. Usually, he’d think about his experiments, even doing trial runs and “experiencing” the potential outcomes firsthand.
This was absolutely ridiculous. Something had to be done. Sherlock sighed and reached down again to feel himself through the thin fabric of his boxers. He was very hard, and very aroused, and he quickly spit into his hand and slid it under the waist of his pants. He ran his fingers over the head of his cock, smearing the wetness around, before stroking once with his now contracted fist and letting a groan of pleasure escape his throat. This wasn’t going to take long, he’d do it quick and clean up and go back to sleep and be good for another couple of months.
Sherlock looked down at the top of her stocking-capped head. “I assume,” he said.
“As many as you keep buying for her,” Sherlock retorted.
John shuffled awkwardly to the chair on the other side of Anna and proceeded to reach out and grab Sherlock’s hand with his own. “It’s like this,” he instructed, and purposely didn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes as he began to make airplane noises and swirled Sherlock’s hand round and round before diving the spoon into Anna’s mouth. “Incoming!” he cried, and the little girl’s eyes lit up as she opened her lips to take the bite. John looked up then, smiling, forgetting that he was supposed to be avoiding eye contact…
hard—didn’t really think it was cologne, anyway. No, the smell was, simply,
Sherlock’s eyes popped open, ridden with guilt. “Yes.”
Sherlock came home late, completely exhausted. He didn’t have time to be exhausted, he knew, because there was a threat out there that he had to neutralize. He had to plan it all out, carefully. He had to do it for Anna.
Molly narrowed her eyes. “And what business does the British government have recruiting a thirteen-year-old girl for espionage?”
John’s smile wavered. “Well, yeah, I kind of… I was about to step inside, and then I heard Mrs. Hudson say my name, and I couldn’t help but listen a bit. So, wait, you
Sherlock sighed. He wasn’t sure why he was about to give in; he supposed Anna was just very persuasive. And,
“Are you alright?” John’s footsteps coming closer.
John had started chuckling, and he shook his head. “Well, you’re not. A sociopath, I mean.”
I had been silent through her entire story. I didn’t particularly like hearing about Mycroft’s childhood, I knew he’d always been unfeeling but I hadn’t realized that my mother blamed herself for it. I separated my fingers and touched them back together, one by one. “So what, you’re telling me I just need to accept that I’ll never have some great purpose or legacy, beyond being just another human being?” I shook my head, trying to stay calm. “That’s not good enough. I want more.”
John stared at her.
Sherlock went to the window and stood very still, his hands pressed over his nose. They could hear his breathing echoed underneath them.
“The point is, I was an utter fool when I employed Moriarty in my quest; a man like that cannot be controlled. And now, he’s is no longer interested in that quest—his only interest is his unnatural obsession with destroying the life of Sherlock Holmes. The man lives to cause Sherlock as much pain as humanly possible, God only knows why. Probably it’s because Sherlock is the only one clever enough and, let’s be honest,
. No, that’s not what he wanted. He just didn’t want him to do those things to anyone
Mary rolled her eyes. “John,
But Anna
“Yes, yes,
To those of you subscribed, thanks for your patience while I wrote and rewrote (and rewrote) this chapter!!! Going to try to post the next one in a week... fingers crossed it'll be ready. <3
“No,” John repeated. “You—you
John gulped back more tears. “I… I made a vow…”
For a man who insisted he wasn’t gay for so very long, John Watson had absolutely zero problem with gay sex. The first time we did anything was that day after the flood, kissing and frotting against the poor door, and John was so far gone so fast that just rubbing him through his trousers got him off. Then there was me, praising every deity out there that the uncomfortable amount of friction created by John’s palm on
, John thought.
Now Sherlock was staring in disbelief.
“And then?”
“It’s fine. Go, it’s fine.” I smiled, trying to put him at ease. I suddenly wanted nothing more than for him to get out of the flat.
. “I thought I could do it, be married to her and still be best friends with you. But it seems I can’t. It’s just that… see, every time I’m with you, I just want to go back, you know? It makes me regret ever marrying her.” He stopped, horrified that he'd said that out loud. “Don’t… don’t mistake me…” he choked out. “I do love her. I do. I do, very much…”
“Put my arm around him, patted his back, that sort of thing.”
Ella turned back to Sherlock when John had closed the door. “I wanted John to leave because I wanted to give you some advice.”
John stared at her for a moment, knowing she was right; they
She spotted the treasure, at her feet.
Sherlock shifted to test his muscles and he swallowed to wet his throat for speaking. “Old.”
“I haven’t done anything dangerous, you know,” Sherlock told him, annoyed. “I was only inspecting the coffee shop. Crowded, public place. Well-lit. Safe. Just like I promised.” There was an edge to Sherlock’s voice, one he put there on purpose. He didn’t want John to know just how easy it had been for him to agree to that promise, or how relieved he’d felt when John asked him to make it.
Sherlock turned and looked down at his side, where a little girl was staring up at him and pointing to the newspaper.
“Tell me everything you know about her.” Sherlock whirled on him, his face white and pinched in his frustration once again. “Everything. Tell me about the first day you met, all of your conversations, every word—“
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “I’ll be the one hauling them over the sand, I’d better see you playing with every last one of them.”
—“ but she was long gone. “Thanks a lot!” he seethed, shooting Sherlock a scathing look.
John looked at him. “Bored? This is the great deduction of Sherlock Holmes?
-father that he’d never really thought that he could actually… be one. “Erm, she wasn’t my daughter. Isn’t,” he corrected, flustered. “She’s yours... I mean, Moriarty's. And Mary’s. That was Anna. Annalise.”
Sherlock sighed, heavily. “I did feel something, then,” he confessed. “But it’s been thirteen years.”
Anna counted.
No. John was determined not to think about it. That’s what Sherlock wanted, to get into his head and drive him mad until he breached the subject himself. But what Sherlock didn’t know was that John didn’t actually care, not really. That the reason he’d left London was still the reason he’d stayed away and that reason wasn’t going to change. If Sherlock wanted to waste his time waiting to provoke John into a fit then he could do it. He could just do it.
did it, what made Sherlock realize that he’d severely miscalculated: the tone of John’s voice. It made his hair stand on end, drove a hot knife through his belly—
he thought.
“And why the bloody hell not?” shouted Molly, her knuckles white on the steering wheel.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted. His voice was suddenly lower, which was not a good sign.
I wracked my brains for something to say. There was quite a lot—it was
cried on his shoulder… yet, Sherlock hadn’t seemed bothered by it. In fact, he tightened his grip on John’s shirt in response.
“Oh Sherlock, she’s thirteen—of course there are boys involved. Oh, it all makes perfect sense. But she’s a smart girl, and you have had ‘The Talk’ with her, haven’t you?”
“Nonsense,” said Molly. “You can stay for as long as you want. I doubt you’ll be able to find rooms tomorrow, anyway.”
. And we have exactly,” he checked his watch, “one hour and fifty three minutes before Sherlock returns, so we’d best begin.”
“And I did it,” said John, ignoring me. His hands were sliding down my chest. “Because you did. Because you do.” They slid down.
John thought suddenly.
Sherlock leaned back and studied him, carefully. “Which part?” he asked.
“I have to go after them,” he said, after some time.
“I guess that’s a ‘yes,’” said Anna to Molly. “Just let me put down my things.” She threw her fiddle case and backpack onto the couch, and her smartphone and headphones slid out of the side pocket and onto the floor. She picked them up and tossed them onto the coffee table.
John’s mouth fell open. He looked back at the door again. “Anna...” His eyes filled with tears. “Oh my God.”
“It’s very nice to meet you Mr. Holmes,” said Carruthers, and he gave Sherlock another shy smile when their hands grasped each others’ to shake. “Come in, please, have a seat, and I’ll get my wife to come upstairs. She can help with the questions, too.”
“Come on then, get your coat,” Sherlock instructed a sulking seven-year-old Anna.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what was happening. He hadn’t kissed a woman since… well, he supposed Janine was the last. But that had been for a case; there had been nothing there, no feelings involved. But this, with Molly, was different. It was friendly, but intensely so. It was full of something. Caring, maybe? Yes, he cared for her. Maybe more than he thought he had. He wanted her to enjoy this. The thought that she was enjoying it, that made him want to do it again. Yes, she was liking it. Yes.
Teresa growled. “I think we should just kill him,” she interjected, crossing her arms. “Kill him right now.”
“Still solved it, though.”
John just walked away, laughing again.
“I almost didn’t figure it out,” said Sherlock, mildly. “I’d been so wrapped up with being a father for the last thirteen years that I lost something of myself—of my observation skills, to be exact.”
“Since I put it in there a couple hours ago.”
“Soon, I should imagine. Are you taking him back to Baker Street?”
Sherlock wasn’t usually very good at reading body language, especially
Then John spotted coffee brewing on the counter and went to pour himself a cup. He glanced sideways in Sherlock’s direction, knowing now for sure that the kiss
In response, Sherlock lifted his arm from the countertop and reached it toward the mirror, which was white with a thick layer of fog. For a wild second John thought he was going to write something—though what, he didn’t know—but instead, Sherlock used his fingertips to smear away a patch of the condensation, right at the perfect spot to see John’s face reflected back in it.
A few moments had passed when Molly spoke again. “I’ll still talk to her, if you like.”
Sherlock stopped moving his fork and stared. He supposed it wasn’t strange for John to be concerned about Anna, but wasn’t he… how could he… didn’t he want to, say,
“Mycroft…” he choked, his tears spilling over in lines down his face. Mycroft’s expression was soft, the softest Sherlock had ever seen it.
Suddenly, he was up in her face again, and grasped her hips to pivot her sideways as he climbed up on the table with her. He pushed her back so that she was laying down flat, and stared into her heavy-lidded eyes for a moment before sliding off the end of the table with a mischievous grin. She gasped again in surprise as he gripped her ankles and slid her forward on her bum, then leaned down on his elbows and dipped his head to kiss and lick all the way up her inner thigh. He wrinkled her skirt further up, now past her crotch, now up to her waist, his lips finally over her nub. Molly relaxed her knees apart (
in chess doesn’t mean that Anna won’t win against me, someday.” Yet they’d stopped playing anyway.
After he was finished Sherlock had looked up from the guitar at John on the couch, his pale eyes sparkling. He had to know what he’d just done because of the way he was staring and the way he set the guitar on the floor, and stood up, and waited for John to come to him while the remaining resonance of the strings hummed atonally in the background. He didn’t have to wait long. John was already standing and in front of him and was thinking maybe he actually stood up first, and that was why Sherlock had stood too, and then he was pulling Sherlock into a heavy, sloppy, desperate kiss.
, Sherlock.”
he’d asked, already knowing the answer, and John just looked at him with the rope halter clutched in his hands like a lifeline and the man chuckled and said
I’d texted him to find out. I didn’t have a plan, just sent him something ambiguous and intriguing to see if he would take the bait. And he had, so I’d had to make up something. I was planning on texting the victim’s phone anyway. so I borrowed his to do it.
“So… you can’t expect her to want to go visit the grave of a man she has no emotional attachment to, especially on Christmas day. I can stay home with her, you go, love.” Mrs. Hudson smiled sadly.
“Now, now, none of that, come on,” he chided, grabbing her forearm to lead her back down the beach. She began a petulant wail that turned the heads of nearby sunbathers. “See you for that drink, eh?” Sherlock said, exasperated, to Lestrade as they passed the group of them.
John growled wordlessly and ran a hand through his hair. He stopped walking and pulled out his mobile, checking it for the thousandth time. “It’s been an hour, Mary.” He looked at her. “A full hour since I left that last message.” He looked back down at his phone again: no calls, no texts. “I’m going out to find him.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Did she describe his appearance?”
“Because, you know, it’s just...”
, so sorry.”
“What’s wrong with his back?” whispered the older girl, wrinkle-nosed and staring at the half-melted patches of sunscreen as the two of them made their way back to their blanket.
John suddenly felt very tired. He stood and shuffled up the stairs, making it back to his room and collapsing on top of the mattress, pulling the quilt over his head. He turned his face into his pillow and began to sob.
“I finally understood why I’d fallen in love with your father, and why I’d kept the baby, even though I could have given it up and stuck with my career. Whether we like it or not, human beings were made to love. Perhaps it is a weakness, sometimes, but I think more often than not, it can be a strength. Because we’re not machines. We’re fallible, all of us, and when we fall, it’s the people who love us that help us get up again. I could have been a great mathematician. But I was human, too. And it was time to stop punishing myself for that. I had to accept that I was emotional, that I was lonely without people to love in my life. People to care about. Even if it was only two of them.
Anna glanced over her shoulder to send a look Sherlock’s way, and he pretended to be very interested in the teapot. “I hope so,” she said.
. But I can make you do whatever I want. Go ahead, Anna, kill one of your daddies. Do it. Your king commands you!” He laughed again. “Look at you, you’re just a pawn, just a little pawn in my little game.”
,” she echoed. She stopped crying, and fell asleep.
John tried, and failed, to understand. “Okay, so… the key. You’re saying that… that that’s what she’s been after? This whole bloody time?” His eyebrows pointed at the ceiling. “How the hell did you figure that out?”
Mary sighed. “To make the British government pay for their sins.”
Sherlock went out to work on the double-homicide case and didn’t end up back at Baker Street until after dinnertime. He was frustrated by the case (he really
“Ba-ba-ba!” she babbled, reaching a hand toward the window. Sherlock turned to open it and let the snow in.
He pursed his lips. “I do believe you heard me the first time, but I will repeat myself for effect: John Watson was not your biological father.”
“Oh you’re in top form today, aren’t you?” John growled. “Just
“Well, that thing is a bit hard to fake,” said John, knowingly.
“Not particularly,” I said. “I thought I’d take a look at the newest body, first.”
“But you’re a
“Alright.” She made another note. “Go on.”
“Having her cycle after Violet…” Sherlock kept on, trying to ignore the growing terror in his belly. “That must have been an attempt to throw the police off your scent.”
They ended up falling asleep, not long after, John’s arm drawn tightly around Sherlock’s back, Sherlock’s curly head resting beneath John’s chin.
Moriarty stood completely still, watching her. “Urges…”
Sherlock’s eyes moved back to her face, but he didn’t say anything more. Instead he lifted his good arm and pulled her into his shoulder, resting his cheek on the top of her dark head. She nestled into the crook of his neck and stared, glassy-eyed, across the sea as John sped them to shore.
“What’s she like?” he asked.
“I love it when you curse,” he said, and then went back to it.
But John knew he couldn’t abandon duty or responsibility, because that was the stuff of which he was made. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if he left his current life for his old one. He had a wife, a daughter. They needed him.
John’s face broke into a thousand pieces. He nodded, trying and failing to wipe away all the tears. “Yeah,” he said. “I know.”
“Sherlock,” John started, awkwardly. “I didn’t… I don’t know why I did that. Why I kissed you, I mean. I think I was just… you know, grieving, upset, lonely. Grief makes people do strange things, sometimes. It didn’t… I didn’t mean anything by it.”
(Like that?)
Sherlock stomped over to the toilet and flipped the lid closed, then sat down heavily. He leaned over with his elbows on his knees, interlacing his fingers in front of his face in a gesture of contemplation. “He’s got Anna. I have to,” he said, his voice imbued with anger. “Or I have to figure out how to get Mary to do it for us. She can’t take him out herself because she needs the network to trust her, but she only needs the network to complete whatever quest she’s set out to do… What does she want?” Sherlock tapped his fingertips together. “We have to figure out what Mary wants, it’s the key to everything. It has to have something to do with why she joined forces with Moriarty in the first place. She began as an assassin for some foreign government… why did she go rogue? What could have possibly caused her to throw away her whole life—“
. This is what you always do. How could I think that you’d treat me any different? How could I possibly have thought I was different?” John angrily tried to wipe away his tears. “No,” he said, “I’ll tell you why. Because you loved me, Sherlock. You
have left him sitting in that chair. Maybe he should apologize.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up!” John’s face had turned the color of his ears. “If you even felt an
Thank you so much to everyone who read! Hope you all enjoyed the happy ending :)
“Hello, Mr. Holmes,” chorused the classroom.
“The name of the boat,” Sherlock interrupted, suddenly. He blinked. “Molly, do you remember the name of the boat?”
—but no one in the room needed to be bothered with that distinction.
Mary gritted her teeth and squeezed the trigger.
Sherlock wanted to ignore the slight—it wasn’t the first time he’d been assumed a virgin—but this time it had touched a nerve. “Are you offering?” he asked coolly. “If the lecturer needs a lengthy resume, who more fitting than Molly Hooper?”
what are you deducing?”
“Thank you,” he replied coldly, the helpless look passing. They went back to work in silence.
Sherlock was about to respond, when he stopped abruptly and stared at the door to the morgue. John raised his eyebrows and tried to see what was the matter—but he didn’t have to wonder for long, because Sherlock pushed open the door, and there was Molly Hooper, up to her elbows inside a corpse. She looked up through her glasses and froze. “I… I didn’t think… anyone would… figured I’d work to, you know, to clear my…”
Finally finished with stomping up the steps, Anna slammed the door behind her (for good measure) and tried to go to The Void. She needed to disconnect from reality, for a few minutes, at least, because reality was so stupid that she didn’t want to live in it right now. She plugged in her headphones and turned on the music—but it wasn’t working, she wasn’t going anywhere, so she just laid there on her bed and cried instead. None of it was fair, not John, or Sherlock, or Mycroft, or her mother, or Sam, or Heidi, or David, or those guards at the museum. Moriarty was the least fair of them all, his laughing face full of bullets and blood.
Anna stepped in front of David. He was calm, staring at her without fear. She looked into his eyes and suddenly felt a surge of bitterness through her heart.
“I think it’s weird.” She looked back at the stone. “It’s almost like it’s two different people: Dead John and Live John.” She stuffed her mittened hands in her pockets, scrunching her body in on itself for warmth. “I’m going to miss Dead John.”
“You love me.”
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes. “The reason you said you miss me… I’ve been trying to
, he thought, desperately.
“What?” Anderson blinked. “They all had bruises on their necks, if that’s what you mean. But not strangled. You know that. You’ve seen pictures of the others, haven’t you?”
at, and made to sit in the sodding hospital for
I went up there as a last resort (well, second to last—going to his and Mary’s home was my very last resort, because I knew that if I did, Mary would meet me in the doorway with a gun pointed straight at my head). I’d went to every other place I could think of after finding out he’d checked out of the hotel: Baker Street, Lestrade’s, Molly’s, Mike’s, to the Yard, to the sites of old cases, to Angelo’s, to the Dim Sum restaurant we ate at after the first crime we solved together. I even phoned Mycroft—which was a mistake, of course—“Little brother, I do hope you’re not asking me to use government resources to once again clean up the sentimental mess you’ve made.” I had to hang up on him before I told him that his conception was an unwanted accident. Keeping that secret was going to be excruciatingly tedious, I could tell already.
no,” he finally choked, and pounced on me with a matching ferocity.
properly…”
“I swear to God, I will blow out his—“
No one could say Sherlock hadn’t tried to give Anna a normal social life. It was one of the things that she used to overhear from both Molly and Mrs. Hudson as she was growing up; they’d constantly tell him, “Anna needs to interact with other children. She needs to build her social skills. She needs
John and Sherlock each took a deep breath to speak, then looked at each other, and grinned.
Sherlock became uncharacteristically emotional. “Yes,” he said, quietly. “And I can’t say they wouldn’t be right.”
Mycroft had told her. That was lesson #1 in “Mycroft Holmes’ School of Deception.”
Sherlock smirked. “And it hasn’t been seen since. Apparently there have been all sorts of MI6 missions to find it and bring it back. So far, none have succeeded.”
John traced lines in the gravel on the concrete underneath him. “I used to come here, sometimes.”
Sherlock did so, keeping his gaze locked on John’s. John, meanwhile, undid his own belt buckle and unzipped his fly. Then, still without breaking eye contact, he guided Sherlock’s hand down his pants and around his swollen cock.
Sherlock’s mouth had become a hard thin line. One side twisted in and John could tell he was biting on it from the inside. “It was me, then.” His voice was hollow with fury. “I was the reason you left.”
anymore!”
The exam was the most difficult thing John had ever done. Not the medicine of it, of course, but the emotion…. Not even all those poor lads he’d stitched up in the war, their blood spilling out and them screaming for their mothers, made his heart break the way Sherlock’s sobs did. John cried too, unable to stop himself, as he felt around for serious injuries. “I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry,” he chanted through his tears.
The first time it happened I lay in my bed, sweating and rapping my fingertips on the sheets, fascinated. Here I was, completely sober, having dreams that I hadn’t had since my opioid withdrawals.
“I want to,” said Sherlock, forcefully. “I want to go back. Just… would you mind if we slowed the pace, a bit?”
Sherlock smiled. “What’s your name?”
. I’m just like the rest of them, all those other worthless bipedal
“I’m telling you to fight,” she said, forcefully. “Accepting who you are isn’t giving up. It’s bloody hard. There’s some balance there, Sherlock, some balance between making your mark on the world, and making time to satisfy your desire for love. And you have to fight to find that balance. Just like I did. I’d hoped it would come naturally to you, the way that it came to your father, but it wasn’t to be, you’re too much like me. If you think about it, Mycroft is the one like your father. Yes, he’s career-driven, and focused, and doesn’t have friends or lovers or any desire for them, but he has love in his life—he has you. Ironically, in trying to get it right with a second child, I’d finally got it right with my first.” She smiled to herself. “Myc never once questioned his love for you. He never tried, in his entire life, not to care. He just worked it in. It was easy for him. It wasn’t so easy for me. And unfortunately, it’s not going to be easy for you, either. I’m sorry, love. You’re going to have to fight. You’re going to have to be strong, and brave, and unrelenting. But if you’re all those things, you’ll get there. You’ll find it, someday. I promise you that.”
Sherlock brought both his hands to John’s face and crushed their lips together again.
“No!” Anna shrieked, lurching from her position on the floor to shield Sherlock with her own body. “You can’t. Please. Please don’t kill him.”
Sherlock sighed. “Would
? What happens to us? I should think that’d be the first thing on your mind. I should think that you’d love us enough to—“
, together), and it had started off with John telling him they needed to end things.
“And why not?”
John felt very strange again. He suddenly couldn’t breathe and had to get out of the cabin. He really didn’t care if Sherlock was here and drinking tea and that he smiled at him in the morning with the cool winter light coming in through the window. He didn’t care about it but it bothered him because he lived here for a reason, and because of what Sherlock had promised him. John hadn’t expected him to keep that promise but he had done for four years and so John had relaxed into his new life. And now he felt himself unraveling even though he didn’t care about any of it.
Mycroft had said with a frozen smile, none too happy about being corrected.
And then he got to his back.
Well, yes, of course. The drinking was unhealthy and
“Wait a moment,” interrupted Molly. “You mean, Anna isn’t Moriarty’s daughter after all?”
John raised the axe, and let his top hand slide to meet the other at the end of the handle as it came down from its arc.
“Yeah?”
Molly breathed again. “Oh my God, Sherlock, I thought—well, it doesn’t matter.” She sighed. “What happened?”
“Of course I did. That’s how the whole thing came about!”
, John thought; Mary’s reactions were much the same as John’s should have been, and what they indeed were when he’d lived with Sherlock all those years ago. She yelled, complained, stomped around, fumed quietly in the corner while Sherlock tried not to smirk with amusement.
John nodded. Of course he knew. He moved to sit down again. “I just… he said he feels
Anna took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Do you truly believe I’m ready for this?”
“John.” I pushed back from the table and folded my hands in front of my chin. “You know how I am. When I’m working, I’m very single-minded. There’s no room for distraction when there’s a crime to solve.”
