might just materialise right there on his coffee table. "Jesus, that's great. What are you thinking, Sherlock? A forensics degree? You could--"
Until then--
meant.
"I'm tired," he mumbles, after a long, long time.
Sherlock sank deeper back into his chair, tracing the print of the diploma again. The thick, ridiculous letters that meant nothing to him, but would've meant so much to Victor.
And why is John making him do this?
As if it
was eventually going to make it worth his while. Sherlock had just rolled his eyes and parried back that at least he'd done
Now that he is sensible again, he even knows the term for it. What has happened, this afternoon: dissociation. But John isn't asking him, so he doesn't say so. Dissociation.
should be busy with.
Several especially odd ones are from Lestrade. There's an awkward one or two asking if he still wants to consult on the case, and then one that just says
No, this-- this was supposed to be about what he'd done to Sherlock. This was supposed to be about everything that he'd done wrong, not... what was this?
. I want... I..."
John cradles his arm and strokes his hair, and silently seethes.
Dreams cling to the inside of his skull like cobwebs, when Sherlock surfaces into dim twilight.
Once again, Sherlock merely fidgeted. He looked like he'd give anything for this conversation to be over, and still seemed to have a serious difficulty with actually looking John in the eye.
No. The sort of woman who could shoot his best friend in the heart, threaten him while still in his hospital bed, and then pull a gun on him again when all he was asking for was the truth, was not the right person for him.
"Four years, isn't it? No... five?"
Words. Several deliberately chosen, abstract noises. Any noises at all that he picks to come out of his mouth. Preferably some that go together, in an order that makes sense. He has a masterful command of the English language. It can be any one of thousands of possibilities, already brewing inside his skull. Any at all. It doesn't even have to be English, as a matter of fact. He knows Lestrade took French in school, and Sherlock has any one of a dozen languages under his command. Any word from any single one of them would be enough.
Sherlock really ought to get himself roughed up more often.
Sherlock closed his eyes through a breath, forcibly arranging his most pleasant, socially acceptable smile. All right.
The fight drops out of him, and he sags back down onto his lovely, well-missed sofa.
Sherlock started, a hand jumping to the warm wrap of his scarf.
Mime the deductions out with interpretative dance?
of Sherlock's accord.
"Well?" John asks. He spreads his hands, arranging the steadiest, most confident smile that he can. "Go on, let me have it. I can see you thinking it."
John doesn't love Mary.
"All right, I don't think Sherlock would want me talking about it without him knowing."
he signs. He can not,
John, quite clearly, can not
And the world moves on.
Sitting there in the dark, listening to Sherlock walk steadily up the stairs, John didn't know what he was about to see. An upset Sherlock, after a long and nerve-wracking date... or a contented one.
"...okay? Sherlock? You listening?"
He holds the tea out. "Drink."
"Like
It's worse.
he is and how much John loves him.
was he talking about? "I don't know, mid-twenties? He said he was a grad student, I don't-- Mycroft, what the hell does it matter, what are you--"
Sherlock swallowed.
thing John should ever wear,
"Here," he said, passing the tumbler over. "Just something to help you relax."
for John, which was more than a certain someone could say, all without realising that it hadn't been a joke. It had possibly never once been a joke.
But Sherlock abruptly groaned, very loudly, like John had just prodded him right in the bruised chest. "Oh,
he's smiling at? It's a case. They're on a case, and he's just solved it, all wrapped up in the adrenaline-infused chase and fist fight that both of them live for. It's
He pops one of the sticky buttons loose, his hands lingering near his neck. "It is a shame about the shirt," he murmurs, and he's still smiling and breathless and flushed. His hand slides to his sticky collarbone next. "You're an absolute lunatic, you know? Absolutely cracking mad."
He played his trump card.
Jesus Christ, he looked so tired, like a kicked puppy--
"If it doesn't matter to you," he starts, "then, in your own words... what does it matter at all? We don't have to take up any more time with it, if you don't want to. You can write up whatever you'd like, and give it to me in your next session. I won't even read it until we're done, so we sill have the full hour."
flash across his phone's screen, and he let the name alone fill his chest until that was all that was inside him.
The last time he had cake, it was wedding cake. He'd thrown it up the next morning... though that might have just been the heroin.
Sherlock smiles slightly back against his mouth. He hates them too. He hates what they did to him and he
It didn't matter how much product Sherlock put in his hair, he was a man, and one of the drunken hazes of a dream he'd had last night was of shagging him into the damn mattress.
"Sherlock, if you insist on continuing this charade--"
God, he doesn't want to even imagine it.
"I know," Sherlock said, without missing a beat. He sipped his tea again, watching over the rim. "It's transparent."
, he'd thought,
Sherlock shuddered in his arms, and John shivered right along with him. God, they were so
"I look like this all the time," Sherlock pointed out, just a bit befuddled, but growing warm from the compliments all the same. "I'm not even wearing the coat."
"Mrs. Hudson," he spits. She's one foot out the door, her back to him and one second away from disappearing off down the stairs entirely. But she's still there. She can still hear him. "More. Tea."
we can't possibly leave during a
He spun back around, and for the second time that night, stopped dead.
wouldn't you?!"
Since before the fall?
Sherlock snorts silently, turning onto his other side. Nosy, prying bastard. Of course he knows.
baseline.
At first, he thought Sherlock had just zoned out-- it wasn't exactly uncommon with him-- and needed just a snap to be pulled back into the room. But the first tug accomplished nothing, and when John did it again, it was like he'd struck him. He reeled back on the balls of his feet, breathing in a stuttery, unsettled wheeze, coming back online with the look of someone who didn't realise he'd ever gone off. "I..."
Despite himself, John laughed. It wasn't very funny at all, and it came out small and caustic, but he couldn't help it. "Sherlock would camp out in a blizzard if it was for the purpose of avoiding you."
Because I know... I know he doesn't! Not like that. But I love him and I don't think I can stop."
"She was a former assassin that wanted nothing to do with that life anymore. What she wanted was a nice, respectable doctor with 2.5 kids and a white picket fence and who'd host a bloody fucking dinner party every Sunday. She wanted me to be that someone and-- she really didn't care that I wasn't it." He looked flatly at Sherlock, to his narrowed, unreadable eyes, his mouth pressed shut and his face white, like he'd just been made to eat something incredibly sour. "Did you know she hated it when I went out on cases? Even before Rosie was born. I'd be with you for three hours on a Saturday, and when I got back she'd say she hoped I'd had fun on my playdate with the madman, but now it'd be just lovely if I could start on the chores like a grown-up."
He hadn't even given him a second
something, with-- Irene Adler, then--"
"I'm glad we understand each other," he said, when Oscar at least had enough good sense not to argue again. "To make sure, though. I understand Sherlock ruined your marriage already?" He smiled again, and oh,
Lestrade doesn't realise he's tried to say something at all, and neither does John. Lestrade is still busy looking about as if the ability to understand sign language might just spring up right out of the pavement, and John, meanwhile, has made himself at home against the wall of the apartment building, his fist pressed to the wall and each breath making his shoulders heave.
"Won't happen again," he swore. This time, he meant it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes a second time. Tabloid drivel. Why would he ever waste his time filling his hard-drive with such rubbish?
using again, it was directly because he'd been forced against the man who was the reason he'd started using drugs in the first place. He needed support, not being thrown out on the fucking street.
"Sherlock," he repeats gently. He settles down with him, resting his hands on his sharp, bony knees.
John squirms out of bed, fumbling for his dressing gown from the floor and his phone from the bedside table. The weight in his chest has become so familiar to him now, he hardly even recognises the pressure as it builds behind his sternum.
He wants to hold him. He wants to wrap his fists in his own hands and ease his tense shoulders down and press his forehead to his heaving chest, to tell him to slow down, to breathe, to trust him. It's all going to be okay. Don't listen to Mycroft, Sherlock, don't look at him. It's going to be okay.
"Sherlock?" he calls again, a littler softer, now. "Sherlock, it's John. Are you all right? Answer me, Sherlock!"
Mycroft looks at him, disgustingly unimpressed. He looks at him from where he sits in
It was so abrupt, so unexpected, that John flinched back from the mobile. Could Sherlock somehow know he was right there, listening in?
"Yeah?" he prods, raising an eyebrow. "I love you, too, but you don't see me letting you invite criminals into my house for free. Oh, wait, that's exactly what I do. Why do I do that, again?"
(See the end of the chapter for
fault, but he couldn't help it anymore. He just couldn't. "That he see a therapist himself? Have a nice chat with one about loving yourself and positive thinking?
"...Just an icepack," he said slowly, underneath Sherlock's high, panting breaths. He set it down on the table between them, a neutral space, and then sat back, to allow Sherlock's ball to remain undisturbed. "For your face, lad."
"First time what?" He took another step back, his heart pounding. "That-- that hurt. I didn't like that. I--" Sherlock gulped in a breath of air, trying to unstick the words from his throat, but he couldn't find the right ones to say. What did normal people say, what would a normal person say here? How would a normal person stop this? Damn it,
"Nope," John said suddenly. He smiled warmly, his mouth moving against Sherlock's. "I know what you're trying to do. It won't work."
"You should get out of here. You should
He didn't want to be glad for it. He was grateful for how she'd been there for him after Sherlock's death, and he would
"No!" Sherlock whined again, indignant. "Told you.
he thinks, and slams the door shut.
But it's early enough that John is awake.
"...Rosie?" Sherlock asked, when John didn't go on. He sounded like he was very carefully prodding the air, as if searching for stable ground. His throat moved and he shifted in his chair, starting to sit further upright.
John. Obviously." He rolled his eyes, glowering back down at his tea with a vicious, almost feral stare.
"Yes." Sherlock paused pointedly, and when that did not work, cast yet another look at just where, exactly, they were. The couples around them. The candles on the tables. His own hand, laid suggestively down, palm up. Waiting.
Neither had the pep talk. Or the promise to ring him later. Or the gentle squeeze of his hand at the door, actually.
No. No, Sherlock, he wanted to say,
"It's my fault! It's my fault! All of this is-- oh my
with him. It's a mental block, that stops him from not just speaking, but
Sherlock swipes his sleeve through the mist of condensation on the mirror, cleaning one thin stripe just enough to see the stare of his own eyes.
what he wanted, then what he
He opens his eyes.
He grinned weakly again, though it felt a bit forced. "No chickenpox, no. Please don't jinx it."
I've now completely finished the rough draft, so barring unforeseen complications, everything should go well from here on out. Thanks for the support along the way <3
He still sits silently. He won't look at John; he won't even lift his tired head up from his knee.
thing from university that Sherlock really absolutely must find an excuse to burn. "Thought you'd gotten lost in there. Or gone to sleep with your eyes open."
He sat forward again, catching himself just in time, but for a bizarre moment wanted to pull Sherlock into a hug. "Wait, really? You actually mean it?"
John tosses a pack of cigarettes into the basket, just for him. There are worse things, than indulging in a nicotine addiction. He does not reply, when the cashier makes a comment about how poor Mr. Holmes is relapsing back on the smokes again.
All he can do is force an approach to sleep that is comparable to what normal people do.
Sherlock waits for what he knows will be next. John, again assuring that he's not about to expire of hypothermia, and then managing to help him hobble up to his feet. John, explaining to him as he crutches his way out of the alley that he's sorry, but Mycroft insisted on coming, and he's still waiting in the car. Perhaps an awkward attempt at an apology for earlier today, because Sherlock is
. I'm
He's not all right at all. They can both see it.
Sherlock stared back at him for several interminable, utterly silent seconds. He said nothing at all. But the look on his face, in that one moment-- the way he looked at John--
It will be his own wishes being completely overridden, and having nightmares just like last night's but waking up in an unfamiliar bed with only a nurse and sedative by his side and John a hundred miles away back in London.
, and Sherlock swallows until it stops.
Mycroft was
"I think I'll keep an eye on you for the next few minutes, anyway," he says quietly, a hand still on Sherlock's shoulder. "Just to be sure."
the hot fury swelling inside him again. No. Sherlock is not fine. He is not remotely fine, and he is not going to be fine for a very long time. "His condition is unchanged. No. I wanted to talk to you for a moment, Mycroft."
"If you're sure," he gives finally. He glances back at the door, still wary and protective. "Really. I know we called something of a truce, a few months ago, but I never got to make him eat his bloody umbrella for before. If you want me to I definitely will."
John can't stand it.
Where the hell does
Sherlock Holmes is, among other things: a one in a million genius, a graduate chemist, and the only consulting detective in all the world over.
But it's his.
Sometimes, he's even able to drag himself to move along with it.
What had Sherlock deduced about him that it had taken John this long to start to accept himself? Had Sherlock deduced men in the military, that had always been assuredly Not Gay as long as it was in the dark and they didn't speak the next day? Had Sherlock deduced John's own attraction to him before John had even realised it himself?
Frustration wells in his chest until his face is hot and his throat aches.
But--
to not want one, and this,
John. I liked being made to feel special and clever and I knew he'd keep telling me so."
is what he wants.
Oscar already was. Waiting at a table just out of the corner of his eye, already with a whiskey of his own, and looking perfectly calm and content. Sherlock wanted to say that he was not on a date-- the dress and manner were all wrong, and he even wore his bloody wedding ring-- but the fact of the matter was, Sherlock's deductions about personal relationships concerning himself had never been trustworthy, and that had started with Dr. Oscar Wilson.
not here?
"My apologies," he said again, around a thoroughly fake and insincere, condescending sneer. He'd learned how to do it from Oscar. "Oscar?"
He can't deduce at a crime scene, but he can ask someone for a cigarette outside. He can't tell his cabbie to check the date, because he's forgotten his wife's birthday tonight, but he can tell him an address. He can't say anything to John, but he can talk to himself when John leaves in the morning. He can stand at the curtains and watch him walk to the subway, and he can whisper,
John, I should think that's fairly obvious, what--?"
"It is! It is a question of fault, and it's mine! Sherlock didn't do anything wrong! He was only ever trying to help me, that's
Lestrade is looking at him very closely, but not as if something is wrong. Rather than concerned, he seems bemused, and is in fact even fighting back a small smile. "You keep sniffing over there," he says, waving a hand at him, "you coming down with a cold? Is that why you're here, you're hiding from John?"
. He doesn't need to. They can make something else work. They are Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. Whatever they need to make work, they
, and he locks his arms together with a jolt, just to keep his hands still.
He wasn't worth it.
He's so pale and cold. He fucking looks cold from across the room, and so
He stood there and looked down at where he was again sprawled on the pavement, and this time, where he'd had the good sense to stay.
Moriarty purrs.
Anyway, that was the last fillerish chapter. The last two are important, so hang with me-- we're almost there! :D
"Mr. Scott Holmes," the doctor says, observing him over wire-rimmed glasses and the neat fold of his hands. His office is suffocatingly friendly, with an overstuffed couch, a box of tissues, and a motivational quote framed on the wall. He also has a doctorate in molecular biology (see: non-idiot), a fierce moral fiber (see: John), and a coffee addiction that he treats with heart-attack inducing cappuccinos from an expensive, environmentally friendly cafe every morning. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
When John reached the part explaining how he had first made his entrance, how he had been forced to pretend to
Sherlock swallows again. The rock still sits in his stomach, leaden and heavy and nauseating, and... what he's supposed to say?
He went to the floor of the crime scene first, to the labs and researchers that they had met last time. Professional smile firmly in place, introducing himself as a police consultant, standing firmly in every doorway and refusing to allow himself to be dismissed away.
"Okay," he said. "So I suppose I should ask why on earth you ever thought that I wanted
The door to their bedroom slams shut. One of the blankets has been robbed from the sofa, and along with it, the textbook on British sign language. The bowl of biscuits, and the remains of tea, have both been left behind.
John moved in because he was remarkable, and stayed because he was amazing. He certainly did not sign up for
Slowly, deliberately, Sherlock drew back out of his hands, freeing his face, his pale features and blue eyes entirely inscrutable. But he allowed John to drop his arm around his shoulders in replacement without protest. He let John tug him back onto the sofa beside him, not quite looking at him, not quite looking away, the long line of his throat pale and elegant as he forced a swallow.
He wants to kick himself for sending John home.
But blaming Mycroft wouldn't get them anywhere closer to helping Sherlock. And that was the only thing that mattered.
Something John's said does seem to have gotten through. He's not sure which part it was, but Sherlock is now blinking at him slowly, looking a bit befuddled instead of hostile, and he allows John to keep him upright. His bright eyes are still glazed and sleepy and John can only hope the painkillers are taking effect.
Victor frowned again. But still, Sherlock's attempts to insult him away were not successful. He was not dissuaded. He was not even distracted. "Five and a half, kid." His frown deepened, dark eyes sweeping over him in wary, suspicious skepticism. Once again, a look that Sherlock had never been treated to before, and that alone made him uneasy, because it meant he didn't know what he was supposed to look like back to it. "Which means that I know what I'm talking about, when I tell you that you are not a good fit for this lab. I think you'd be better off--"
If he could say that to Sherlock, then he had no excuse not to say this.
Sherlock barely glanced up from the documents now spread in his lap. "That was an emergency. None of yours had ink that bled properly. I needed to test... what?"
Sherlock, who was watching him now, his jaw clenched tight, and his face as smooth and unreadable as stone.
and you were begging me to come home? If you go more than thirty-six hours with watering it, it'll die?"
"Sherlock--"
It's been a full week, since they had rescued Sherlock.
Finally, John's reply comes.
Bored.
at a crime scene, and talking to her because he can't talk to him. He sees it in how tired John is, in his face over Skype and in the over-eager, almost desperate replies to his texts, because that is now the only way they can talk.
This will not last.
The needle has already been salvaged from the floor, and the ashtray washed out. The cocaine is still in the flour. A silent test, of sorts-- Mycroft forcing him to bin it on his own. He refuses to take that last step for him, knowing Sherlock must take it himself.
That's all he needs.
He presses his face to Sherlock's hair for a moment, breathing deeply in the scent of him. Warm and familiar and his expensive coconut shampoo.
"It's a locked room burglary, John, and all for a counterfeit painting? Why go to such trouble for a counterfeit? It's glorious, I'm sure of it, it's going to be- John! Come on, John!"
the man start to smile. "You're welcome for that, by the way. He wasn't very good, with me. I had to teach--"
you'd be just fine!" The biscuits and his violin are rattled against his side, shifted when she squeezes him in parting and gives him a kiss on the cheek instead. "Does John know?"
The visible bruises, at least, were gone. The subconjunctival hemorrhage was finally fading, his left eye no longer a stomach-punch of dark red but instead a fainter yellow as the blood drained. The stitches in his brow were almost ready to come out-- John would probably have him sit down under the brighter kitchen light in a few days-- and just by the way he was breathing, more unrestrained, deeper, he knew his ribs were healing well, too.
But John is a very good doctor, and one of the only Sherlock Holmes Experts in the world over, and so that's all he needs to.
he gestures, and curls back over.
Sherlock smirks, a glimmer of light in his eyes for the first time all morning, and sets about resettling himself even more firmly into John's arms.
and it was just safest to change course,
He wanted to just sit here and hold Sherlock and let Sherlock hold him. Because they'd been through enough, hadn't they? The last week, the last month, the last
And for three days after this, Sherlock
John ducks his head back into his hands, suddenly dizzy, and he sits there in this dreadful plastic chair and fights for each breath, and he doesn't want to do this. He can't sit there and look at Sherlock's devastated body and recognise every single thing that's wrong with him. Every single invasive, painful thing this hospital has done to keep him alive. Every single hurt done to him that he knows the fucking textbook on, so he knows how long the recovery is going to take. How much permanent damage there is likely to be. How much it's going to
"Regardless," Francis goes on, after giving him a few moments to collect himself. His face is solemn, and Sherlock no longer quite feels like he's being mocked. "Selective mutism set off by an incident of traumatic stress is very rare. The label selective mutism only really applies for lack of a better one, and I have not been able to find any literature or case studies that would be relatable to your case. While I would very much like to help you, Scott, I'm afraid that I'm flying blind."
It is four years, since the first time they had this conversation. Since they'd stood there at the foot of the stairs, catching their breath and laughing after a dinner interrupted by a case for the most ridiculous thing they have ever done. It's been four years, and the similarities stick to him like glue just the same as every single piece that is so excruciatingly different.
"No, no, that's not it. He's okay, it's just..." John hesitated, looking back across the seats. He didn't want to be talking about Sherlock behind his back to anyone, but... Greg was Sherlock's friend, wasn't he? He'd known him for even longer than John. If there was anybody he could talk about this to-- hell, if there was anyone who had a shot at giving him answers besides Sherlock-- Greg was it.
Sherlock swallows the words into his own mouth, and moves back to his shoulder instead.
And it
There was no room for misinterpretation in Sherlock's words. He hadn't come right out and said it, he hadn't said,
He was not going to make Sherlock do this.
"..."
wanted to. All
"...Sherlock," he murmurs, his voice thick. He's takenaback and concerned all at once, but mostly, it's concern.
look at him. "I'm only thinking... are there a lot of people at Cambridge that've won a Nobel Prize, John?"
John thought sullenly. He turned his back again before Sherlock could see his face fall, pulling out the kettle.
A better, more experienced, more
"It would be understandable if you were," Ella started gently. "You've just lost your wife, so for Sherlock to--"
John sits back down next to him again, reclaiming Sherlock's cold hand, and tries very hard to swallow the knot of unease that just keeps getting bigger and bigger.
John freezes right there on the spot, just like Sherlock. And it might make him the worst boyfriend in the world, but he freezes right there in the face of Sherlock's breathless panic, and instead of moving forward to put an end to it-- he waits.
"If you insist." The struggle of rolling onto his other side for an audience actually isn't appealing in the slightest, so Sherlock settles for closing his eyes again instead, with nothing more than a dismissive flick of the wrist. "You're the doctor."
Sherlock keeps his mouth shut, and does as he's told.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock supposed he didn't feel too badly about it. They were both using the other, here.
"Sherlock, are you trying to tell me you named our plant after a mad scientist?" John shook his head again, increasingly fond, and leaned in to kiss his hair. "Nobody's surprised. Also, I think you really might be concussed after all. That barely made sense." He leaned back to look closely into his eyes, very close and so very warm, and his smile would've been infectious if Sherlock had had the slightest idea what to say. "
"I don't know. Sign up for an online class. Watch a cooking channel. Update your blog on the variety of sterile alcohol solutions you can find in this hospital. I'm sure you'll find something." John shrugs, looking almost unreasonably pleased with himself. "I might even play cluedo with you, if you want. I'm sure there's an app. Whatever's necessary for you to
He's seen John after twelve hours at the surgery, and he's sat with John on all-night stakeouts. He's seen John after nightmares, the flu, and being kidnapped and held at gunpoint.
Soon enough, the bedroom door creaks open. He listens as John pads out, already dressed for work, by the sound of it. He stops very quickly off in the loo, taking care of his bladder and teeth and hair, and then. There he is.
"Look," he started, and the back of his eyes still stung. "You're right. I can't have you around Rosie if you're using. Just like I'd hope you'd look after her for me if I was badly hurt or sick, and seeing me like that would scare her."
Sherlock closes his eyes, forcibly piecing the sentence together in his head, sticking each syllable together and spelling them out under his tongue. John waits above him, still holding his hands, and when the stupid words aren't laughed at it's like another piece is coming unstuck in the dam in his throat. He inhales and he can
"I guess that answers my question, then," John says.
He doesn't know the exact time. Prolonged stretches in the palace will always throw off his internal clock.
"Yes, but that doesn't matter to you, does it? You're brilliant. You probably know it better than everyone taking the course right now. Yeah?" Oscar's hand trailed along his shoulder again, moving from its usual position to cup the side of his neck instead. "It is usually a position for graduate students, yes, but we make exceptions, sometimes. And you're special, Sherlock. I just want to make sure that you're treated with with the attention that someone as special as you deserves."
did not intend that.
"I know," he muttered darkly. "And that really doesn't make it better, Sherlock."
He exhales another lungful of smoke and lowers the cigarette, tapping it against his bare wrist. Why the hell doesn't he? Why
Another man swung his way around the doorframe.
you'd get tired of trying to give me a
Sherlock looked away, seeming to shrink, a little. To just fold inwards, with his arms still gently curled around his stomach and his fingers twisting in his shirt. "You were meant to be happy," he said softly, and...
But ignoring how wrong that was, and how impossible it was that Sherlock would do
There is always tomorrow.
Perhaps Lestrade, in all of his mediocrity, did have something of a point.
But what did that have to do with Sherlock? What relationships was Sherlock looking at beyond his own? For a case, maybe? But Sherlock was insistent that the murder here had nothing to do with an affair. Or--
Had Victor been the only person to try to help him at all?
Because John was
"Don't."
, I want to... I want to very much. But if we are, then we need to talk about Oscar. And what happened last night."
on Sherlock's face is what makes John's world invert, pulse, and contract down to a needle point of fury.
He was going to find someone to make him happy, because as badly as John wanted it-- he wasn't it.
"I figured out what queer meant eventually, obviously. And I knew what happened to people that were. But I thought I was okay, because I liked girls, didn't I? Harry was the one who had to be careful, but I was straight. I was safe. It was normal to think the rugby captain was hot, wasn't it? Everyone thought the exchange student was cute. It wasn't gay to shag your commanding officer, or-- or to have to go for a walk because your bloody Calvin Klein model flatmate won't put on more than a fucking sheet."
Today isn't going well at all, then.
John sat for several moments, just looking down at Sherlock's long legs stretched out over his lap. He had never, ever thought he'd actually be this close to Sherlock, and yet here he was. Here they were. Sherlock, warm and pliable all over him, within hugging distance, and if John leaned over to kiss him right now, he knew Sherlock would kiss him right back. It was
Bloody idiot, that man was. He could show up to his date wearing his dressing gown and the pink tee-shirt from the startup band
Though this time, rather than Sherlock meta, it's commentary on upper academia and the story Sherlock told in this chapter.
"You're okay," he swears, for lack of anything else to say. He traces his fingers gently down his cheek, trying to give him something to focus on. "It's all going to be okay, Sherlock. You're safe here. You're so safe. Do you hear me?"
should've--
"I... I know that, Sherlock." Sherlock knew that he knew that, didn't he? He had to. "Of course not, you--"
He looks back up at John, and he starts again.
Because the truth is, there is no answer to this. Not if it is a solution that Sherlock doesn't want.
help you. And I said that to Mycroft and I shouldn't have, but it was never
John scrabbles for his phone, his heart racing. Where is it,
Something else that he'd want?
"I think you can call him Greg now," he teased, when Sherlock seemed to have run out of steam and now just sat there in his curled up ball, his anxious, long fingers still digging into his trousers. He figured the mood could use a bit of lightening. "If you wanted to. I'm pretty sure he's more than proven himself by now."
For the first time in months, Sherlock is trying to speak.
He thunked his head into his knees three times, right in a row. Then he sucked in a breath and let out the longest, most despairing moan of his entire life.
His next words fell straight off the tip of his tongue.
"What? No, Sherlock, what are you--?" Rolling his eyes, John ducked around him, stowing the disguise back in the closet to bring out one of the dress shirts instead. The blue one. "Sorry, but I think he'd be a little confused if you showed up with another man's shirt on."
The politician is already standing, with an almost insufferably indifferent air. He does not need John to shepherd him out the door, because he is already making for it, the files cleaned back up and tucked away to his chest. But he lingers when he reaches the door, staring right at John with piercing, pale eyes-- and just like Sherlock, he does not need to speak, for what he wants to be known.
want to do is to hurt you."
He's tired of this, too.
In the same way that Sherlock can write, text, and sign, but can not speak-- the violin is spoken word and sound. Every time he tries to reach for it, his head goes empty and his throat itches and he can't do it. It's like when he tried to speak to Lestrade and to Molly. The words he'd wanted to say, the strains he'd wanted to play, they just
Yeah. Yeah, he was. He was
The seconds pass.
it. He wraps around John, all gangly limbs; there really seems to be nothing he likes more than monopolising the sofa in a thinking pose to plant himself in John's lap. It's as if he's making up for all the years he's held the world at arms' length, and John is only too happy to oblige him.
He kicks himself off the wall with his heel, and swings back around to the group.
"Well," John says, "let's see. This is the only ward that had an open room without a window, or wasn't on the ground floor. Your surgeon also hates you, now, and was able to join forces with Mycroft to see that you got an exception."
The grad student flinched again, swallowing visibly from all the way across the room. He glanced at his professor, looking almost like a kicked dog, and once more at Sherlock.
"Then stay."
"John," he sighed. He turned to face John head on, squeezing a hand over his face, drawn up to his full height, and breathed in a long, preparatory breath. "Milgram is not real."
Why? Why is he doing this? It's only been a couple weeks, and Sherlock's already just throwing in the bloody towel, giving up the fight? He's barely been discharged from hospital, and already he's just shrugging his shoulders, and learning a whole sodding new language rather than fighting for his voice back? This is
and once again,
He doesn't want Sherlock to be content like this. It probably makes him the worst boyfriend in the world, and hell, maybe he is. But he looks at Sherlock, with all his cracking mad brilliance and bright eyes and the genius that bleeds from him with every swish of his coat and dramatic sign, and he knows that he is
Christ. Is he supposed to say something? Does Molly actually
He staggers out of the palace into the cold of 221B's sitting room. A blanket has been tugged around him, most certainly from John, but the room he comes into is dark and cold and he is absolutely alone.
"Sorry? Did you say something?"
And at last, everything was finally let to just fall into place.
There's that word again. Incredible.
He slept in a pseudo-coma the first many times that John checked on him, unmoving and curled on his side. At half past nine, his leg kicked when John stuck his head in again, his long fingers flexing like he was playing an invisible piano. He groaned, mumbled, and flopped on his stomach at half past ten, and chewed gently on the corner of his pillowcase at five minutes to eleven.
Obviously, he doesn't. Because if he did, they wouldn't be carrying out this conversation on a
John has already intervened to stop one unruly, potentially violent man from letting loose on a receptionist today. It has gotten him a hospital visit, a week at home on the sofa, and one heart attack in the making. He's no wilting lily of a bystander, but he's also more than put in his due diligence, today-- now would be right about the time to pretend he hadn't heard anything, keep his back turned, and just go home.
John took a deep breath, and forced his hand to steady.
"I'll do it," John rasps. "Give me the keys. Now!" It takes the inspector a moment to connect the dots, realising the handcuffs and Sherlock's still pinned hands, and John only moves off the stunned officer on still on the ground when Lestrade drops his keys in his hand. "And get
"So? So? What are you--" John broke off and shook his head, not at Mycroft anymore but at the dawning sense of horror in his stomach. But no. That didn't make sense. It couldn't be true, because why would Sherlock have lied about that? No,
"I'm going to take a shower," he yawns, pressing his face to the hollow of Sherlock's neck. There's a scar there, the curved tail end of something that Sherlock does not have words for. It's been long enough that it does not hurt. Sherlock does not want to be handled as fragile glass with kid gloves, so he buries his face against his neck and kisses the end of the scar, and he
"...I don't know." He swallowed again. Suddenly, it felt like he was back on very thin ice. "I thought you weren't interested in anybody."
out of here, because if you don't I will not be responsible for what happens next."
Once again, the pieces slipped slowly into place. He remembered the stories he'd heard when he'd gone to Cambridge alone, professors complaining about a sloppy and lazy Sherlock, one who'd tried to skate by on his rich brother's connections, and he sighed. "So you left." He didn't blame him.
"Thank you," he says again, closing his eyes. "For putting up with me."
area of expertise, isn't it?"
like a
Sherlock had just all but had a panic attack over a man that had abused him. That he couldn't even bring himself to label as abuse, and that he'd been bloody terrified of, but still forced himself to confront because all he'd cared about was that
"Just as sociable as before, I see." The professor lowered his hand, again looking Sherlock up and down, and this time even flicking his eyes to John for good measure. "So you're here on that little detective thing that you do, then? I've seen you in the news about that. It's very... quaint." He paused, observing the both of them with a very uppity, public school air. "I'm glad that you found something you were good at."
"Yes, it is rude. I was more surprised than anything else, to be quite honest with you. I told her if she tried again, then I'm siccing my guard dog named Sherlock on her." He glances to the closed door of his exam room, making sure there's no one listening in, even as Sherlock silently smirks and shifts and preens, just a little. "How'd you know?"
Safe.
"Sherlock?"
"You're
The sting of weakness finally is mollified into disgruntled exhaustion instead.
Sherlock traces a hand over the mirror again, then his own body, a finger drawn through the former brand that arcs over his waistband. It's rough and uneven, and one of the marks that John insists he thinks will fade entirely, if he leaves it alone. He takes a deep breath and feels the shift of his skin underneath his hands.
They try and make sure to do this, now. At least once a day, whether Sherlock's in the mood for it or not-- they have a conversation. They sit down, and they have at least a five minute conversation about something that is not a case. It gives Sherlock a sorely needed outlet, and it gives him a step forwards to take every day, no matter how small-- a way to feel like he's making progress even if he doesn't feel that any other way.
Off to a great start, then.
He cleared his throat, giving the razor a final shake.
"John. I know-" He swallows, forcing himself to hold his eyes. John's hand on his
Milgram never would be removed from Baker Street. He would, instead, stand as a permanent icebreaker and testament to the life and ways of Sherlock Holmes (and, more than once, would be utilised as a heavy club against criminals that tried to raid the flat).
you tell me this?"
First and foremost among them, as Sherlock has discovered?
(See the end of the chapter for
He cut himself off to inhale through gritted teeth, squeezing his eyes shut. Mycroft had already told him why. He hadn't been able to do anything without Sherlock's cooperation. He hadn't had Sherlock's cooperation. Mycroft had been in the exact same position back then that John was in today.
John shuts his laptop when it's been hours, hours and stupid hours. He rests it on Sherlock's legs where it's hot and noisy and looks down at him with a triumphant sort of yawn. "Post is done," he announces, one arm still around him. "Finally. You want to watch something?"
It's also early.
John," he moaned, sunk down to the table with a miserable thud of his own. He covered his face with his hands, as pitiful as a genius consulting detective could look. "Of course it was fake. A wilted, dead plant would provide no incentive whatsoever towards giving you a reason to not leave."
Sherlock furrows his brow. An apology?
John was the worst part of it all.
Except...
And Sherlock remains
"I thought that it might perhaps be... cruel. To call you here, when there were still so many hours left to go, and to give you that hope. Not when there was no guarantee that he was going to survive."
For a little over a week, the headlines in every supermarket tabloid bounced between the affairs of the monarchy, and the sexuality of Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock did not go to the supermarket himself, but John had, with a little prodding, passed on that there were a fantastic amount of photoshops with a fantastic number of men. Many of the headlines hinted at a story twice as salacious as Janine's.
Of course he would.
"Is this normal, too, then?" Sherlock asked finally. He glanced back at John over his shoulder, his jaw tight and knuckles white. "Is that a normal thing, that normal people do, on a normal first date?"
Thanks so much for all the comments/kudos!!!
He forced a smile, anyway. Bit by bit, like pulling teeth, every inch forcibly arranged and dragged through the mud to do it. "And I'm equally surprised," he murmured, lowering himself to sit. "I expected to be left waiting for at least thirty minutes. Have you at last learned punctuality, or has someone just finally given you a watch?"
"I got sick my last year. Stomach ulcer."
"That's... somewhat of a non-sequitur." She hesitated, searching for the right words, while John just turned away and returned to staring at his knees. "How did Sherlock's romantic life--"
But for some reason, John still, clearly, is not happy.
Sherlock harrumphs, his sharp eyes rolling at John. The look on his face answers more acutely than any words ever could, and John grins back, acquiescing. "Yeah, figured. Fine. We'll see later tonight." He leans his head against Sherlock's, kissing the shell of an ear.
Mycroft would've requested it too, but Mrs. Hudson thinks Mycroft is a vulture and listens to him about as much as she listens to Sherlock's opinions on Mr. Chatterjee.
(Look at him, now- actually
"My physician says he does."
Molly is looking at him.
"Yeah. Yeah, of course--"
John decided, very quickly, that he didn't much like Dr. Andrews.
"Do-- do you--..." John stops and wets his mouth, utterly unsure of what to say. He can hardly ask
It loosens the weight in his chest, and it is the warmest and lightest he's felt all week.
"Sherlock," Mycroft said quietly. "I'm not going to tell--"
She looks at him, and it takes her not even a moment at all to cross the room and instantly pull him into a hug. "Oh, Sherlock," she says again, this time with a warm pat to his cheek that just about turns him inside out. "This is so wonderful! Oh, you'll see, dear; I
"Have you told him that you're seeing a therapist?"
Once again, John couldn't help but smile. "Drink some water and wake up a bit. You'll feel much better." He started towards the kitchen while keeping an eye on Sherlock, making sure he didn't actually keel over to form a new home on the floor. "How much
'M not a
did he? Oh, he was sure there were plenty of people that would call this freakish and sick and wrong; two
He still had broken ribs. Even if he'd never relapsed at all, he'd still need at least another week of convalescence before he ought to be leaving the flat on more than a trip to Tesco's, and a week more after that before any serious physical activity like chasing a suspect. This, John would put his foot down on, because the last thing Sherlock needed was a re-hospitalisation, temptation of morphine, and a punctured lung. He still had broken ribs, and he looked like he'd been punched in the face. Because he'd been punched in the face.
It was closer, more intimate, somehow, than even when he'd all but had his tongue in Sherlock's mouth just that morning. He slid his hand over Sherlock's, the subtle warmth of his palm, the graceful curl of his fingers around his that he got in return.
John held stock still in the silence, and listened to Sherlock over the phone, his breaths still stammering and just this side of fearful. Sherlock was afraid. Sherlock had thrown himself off a rooftop, died on an operating table, and bowed his neck for a serial killer, and
A low, throaty whine. It's faint and leaky, and broken by little hiccups of breath, a voice that is desperately hoarse with disuse but still a voice. A voice. Sherlock's voice.
John came home from the surgery twenty minutes early, just as Sherlock was carrying the thing across the flat.
It's as much a relief as it makes John feel sick to his stomach.
He plans the perfect wedding and then kisses John in the middle of the ceremony. He plans the perfect wedding and plays the perfect waltz and gives John the perfect night, and goes home. He doesn't plan the wedding; he doesn't go to the wedding at all. John marries Not-Mary-Morstan and his best man is Gavin Lestrade because Sherlock died in Serbia, and nobody cries because Sherlock did it Wrong, and it's
"Yes, it is, John,
As always.
Sherlock scoffs again, flicking his gaze away.
he thinks lamely.
If he had to put a word on it, then John would say that he felt hollow.
Lestrade joins them, looking almost as exhausted and relieved as Sherlock. The ride here must have been maddening. "Jesus, mate, you gave us a real scare, you know that? You never take a day off, do you?"
John, however, was the problem.
It is the first sound Sherlock has made. This, right here, is the first sound that Sherlock has made. And it is him trying to scream. He's screaming, because he's
"Not very, no." Mycroft glances up the stairs again, looking grim. "Sherlock, for reasons he has never deigned to explain to me or anyone else, then simply-- decided-- to stop talking. He did not say another word for two months. He has never bothered to explain to me how it was that he eventually regained his voice, either. I suspect it is because he overheard Mummy, expressing how upset it made her."
"Well?" John prods, when it has evidently been quite long enough. "You going to come out?"
It is suffocatingly silent. He nudges opens one folder, then the other, his pale face cold and about as expressive as a stone. He nods.
There is pitifully little in his stomach to get rid of. He finds himself spitting bile and nothing more, making disgusting, involuntary noises in the back of his throat until his empty stomach aches. God
"I--. Sir."
"Yeah? Well, you ought to be ashamed of the fact that you just broke into someone's flat and apparently turned me into a sodding accomplice, but here we are." He yawned, a long, jaw-cracking yawn, and shuffled some of the papers into his own lap, complete with a side-eye at the cup of tea.
And if he answers with that, then he has to sit here and listen to Francis tell him, patiently, like he's a small and stupid child, that that
Lestrade stammers. He nearly drops his cup of coffee right there on the floor, open-mouthed and aghast from where he stands by the door to the old house, speaking with another officer. He gapes at Sherlock as the beanpole ducks under the tape, making up for the stiffness and lingering limp by walking as fast as he can, completely ignoring the both of them, and John is left to drive to a stunned halt.
"Sherlock!" he cries. He bolts forwards to the edge of his seat and nearly drops his phone on the floor, curling his fingers around the cold line of his arm instead. "Sherlock? Can you hear me?"
If Sherlock could ever think he'd side with Mycroft against him over this, then it's because John has seriously,
"It's nothing you'd be interested in, I'm sure. Tell me, how are your st--"
Sherlock hid his pout into his shoulder, back curling even more. It wasn't
Exactly the point, yes. John Watson truly was a lifesaver.
if he gets back and it's to Sherlock saying
Tonight, he has something else.
He looks at Sherlock, out of the corner of his eye. He's gone bloodless and cold, the rage darkening in his eyes, and for several seconds there is nothing but horrible silence.
and deep down in the basement, where no one else can hear him, Sherlock screeches out a laugh. It's earsplitting and mad and echoes through the entire palace.
John rolled his eyes back, grinned, and tried very hard to ignore the tiny knot of misgivings still sitting in his stomach.
Then,
Once again, Greg wanted to hug him.
Oscar smiled again, kissing his cheek."Good work, Sherlock." He kissed his cheek again. "That reminds me-- the monthly research presentations are tomorrow, for the department. I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it; you think you can swing by? I need someone there who I know can handle it."
"Even you?"
"Of course," he said, so easily, "of course. You always were a bit of a loner-- couldn't play nice with others." He paused for another moment, clearly piecing together the request in his head.
His phone went off, because of John.
The crime scene is a house in the country. It is surrounded by a bed of gravel, with the road, the police cars, and any possible taxis, nearly half a mile away. It had taken them at least five minutes of a brisk walk to reach the crime scene before. At the pace Sherlock is going at now, their ride will take at least three times that.
He snipped the final stitch instead, and gently pressed a cotton ball to the mark, absorbing the few drops of fresh blood to keep it clear from Sherlock's eyes. "All done," he murmured. It felt like he was fighting his voice out past a nest of cacti in his throat.
"It's..."
The poor receptionist flinches back, so startled she nearly tips her chair to the ground. She jerks backwards with her hand off the panic button, gone the same color as the walls and her voice squeaked a full octave higher. "Nothing! Nothing, I wasn't, I swear I wasn't--"
"That's it," he finished, when Ella did not speak. "That's everything."
John stroked his leg for another moment, gathering his words. He waited until he'd felt Sherlock start to uncurl again, emerging, still bristling, out of his shell. He waited until he saw Sherlock smile out of the corner of his eye and begin to lean even closer, clearly with aims to put all of this difficult, uncomfortable conversation behind them.
Mycroft stays with him until John gets home. Sherlock can not honestly say if it is necessary, or appreciated.
When the clock ticks to 2:45 on the dot, Sherlock uses the last of the honey, and forces himself to move on legs filled with lead back to the bedroom.
Sherlock reeled left, then right. He sucked his lower lip in, looking confused and more than that, exhausted. He dropped his hand.
But Sherlock's fingers fly, too fast for John to discern, and Mycroft pales again. He glares at Sherlock, suddenly angry in his own right, and the hand draped languidly over the armchair tightens into a fist that scratches the leather. "You wouldn't dare, brother mine."
Sherlock narrows his eyes.
God damn it.
"Magnussen remains a problem," he starts, steepling his fingers. "For all of us. Believe it or not, Mycroft can't state sanction a murder, but it's in everyone's best interest if Magnussen is removed from the equation."
He didn't know what the story was, exactly, that these dots traced out. But there was a connecting thread here, and whatever the explanation was behind it all, it was the reason why Sherlock was huddled on his couch, his face in his hands, and snarling at Greg not to touch him.
"I don't want your wallet." John waited one very careful moment, watching the struggles slow on the ground as Oscar started to look up. "Do you know who I am?"
But he had never been called special like
John waited wordlessly, his heart lodged into his throat for what he knew was to follow.
Not yet.
he mutters, catching him by the arm. Sherlock tries to ignore him and pass on by, and John tightens his grip, his fingers digging into the crook of his elbow. "No. You listen to me, Sherlock. You're not doing anything beyond this scene. Okay? I know you want to be, but you are not ready for it. So help me I will drag you to the cab myself if you make me, Sherlock; nod your head. Tell me you understand."
John strides back into the bedroom a moment later, laptop charger in one hand and a freshly washed blanket over his shoulder. His brow furrows as he looks at Sherlock, budging the sweaty, filthy sheets back. "You okay? Thought I heard..."
Why, I don't know, as it's clearly not doing you the slightest bit of good- cease
this wasn't right, this wasn't what he was looking for- "Gavin! Coffee!"
Instead, he watched his back retreat down the other direction, and bit so hard on the inside of his cheek he nearly cut himself.
he loves it too.
John frowned.
as writing down what he wants, or typing it, is clearly beyond him. He's too frantic. He can't do it.
his legs crossed and hands folded, a smug, and vile, and
No. This ended
"But you said-- hang on! They are not
But that is
And then, Dr. Wilson smiled.
"I'd kill them, Sherlock," John says quietly. He opens his eyes to look at him and they're dark in their intensity, filling him with warmth from the inside out. "I'd kill them in a second and dump the bodies on your brother's doorstep. I'd kill each one of them and they'd be lucky that's
There is no response. In fact, John thinks Sherlock might seem even more distressed.
John blinked again, very slowly. He stared at Sherlock with those bright, navy eyes,, then searched about the room. following the absentminded waggle of his fingers. His face did a lovely, exasperated sort of spasm.
instead.
He decides very quickly that the best place for him to be is at the door to the old house, so if Sherlock tries to follow an evidence trail right outside, John will be there to catch him. Unless he tries to skip out the window instead, stiff back and quivering legs be dammed. John doesn't put it past him. But no matter what Sherlock's plans are, John clearly is of no help, just watching him silently deduce things and keeping it all stuffed into his own head.
It's always like this. Sherlock is scared and trembling and can hardly breathe, and his eyes are huge and his face is the worst he's ever seen it-- and whatever it is that he's so scared of, the only balm for it that there is, is John's pulse. The only thing that he ever wants is to feel John's heart beating underneath his hands.
The outright joy in Mrs. Hudson's eyes dims a little, when the silence just stretches on. The quiet expands in the flat, and Sherlock gapes at her uselessly and says
"Yes." He closed his eyes, inhaling in the deep, intoxicating warmth that was better than any drug. "
He still can't see Sherlock's face. So he's not at all ready for it, when he smacks himself across the face, and tries again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What are talking ab--"
He waits for Lestrade to take the suspect from him, but every additional second it takes for the inspector to make it over there is like the swelling of a storm cloud. A dark, heavy, dangerous storm cloud, that promises flash floods and lightning and pouring sheets of rain that thunder so loudly over the flat that it sounds like soldiers marching down the streets outside.
"Yes, yes, I remember. Whatever I can do to help." He ticked his pen between his hands, one skeptical eyebrow raised. "No Sherlock Holmes today, then?"
John knew, right then and there, with a sinking certainty that sat in his stomach like lead, exactly why Sherlock was out there tonight.
"I--" He scrambled back another step, breaths suddenly lurching in his chest. "
There was a very small scratch on one cheek. Barely noticeable, except to the trained eye, but John's was trained, and he knew Sherlock's face better than his own. As he watched, Sherlock scratched at his chin, still dark with stubble, then his scraped cheek, just the same. It made him look so much older.
"Thirsty?" he tries. "You're thirsty?"
Sherlock's head jolted up.
John. You want me to sit here for
Five, ten minutes, taking care of a patient; that was all this was. Yes.
and some horrible piece of himself, deep inside him, had known if John left, then he'd never see have him here again. And nobody has ever thought to accuse Sherlock of being anything less than selfish.
"Evidence currently suggests there are two others," Mycroft admits at last. "They were not present in our raid."
"Sherlock," he started, though the call was still on mute. It was for the best-- John had no idea what to say.
It would be a massive weight off his shoulders right then and there.
And Sherlock sees the gaping hole in his logic. He says John has already been put under too much stress, serving as nearly his sole support system for a year? It follows, then, that he should have
"When I was twelve," he went on, "he found out Harry was gay. We all found out Harry was gay-- I think even she did. He walked in on her kissing her girlfriend, and he was already drunk, of course, and just looking for a reason. He threw her out. Uh--" he coughed, suddenly needing to blink to clear his eyes. "Literally. He threw Harry off the porch and shouted he'd never have a filthy queer under his roof. She was fifteen, and," he coughed again,
He finished his drink, and very swiftly ordered another.
It's impossible and then it's only difficult and then it's easy, and then there's even more. It's no longer just one exchange, it's a
going to so much as look in his direction again. Is that understood?"
John despised him.
"Pictures," Lestrade instructs, slipping his mobile out. "Pictures only. When I go back to interview the victim, you're staying put. And then someone is taking you back to your room."
"It's... nothing."
...Tomorrow.
He let John tug on his hair, very, very gently, gently enough that it didn't even worsen the ache in his head. Sherlock let him, shifting backwards to force John to follow him, to sit down and share the stiff bed with him, to be closer and hold him and kiss his face. There was nothing
The question is pointed and oddly flat. As if it's not a question at all, really, but a statement of fact.
Greg laughs, still making sure to be quiet. "Just making sure. Not surprised, though-- I think I'd be more worried if you told me he needed a break, to be honest." He pats his shoulder, in a very manly, mates at the pub sort of way. "Look after him, okay? You two aren't of any use to me if he goes off over the deep end."
John closed his eyes again, breathing harshly through his nose. He wanted to break something. He wanted to break Oscar's nose.
"Okay," he said, and frowned out the window for the rest of the drive.
One step forward, three steps backward.
The kid looked... god, he looked like he always looked. He looked utterly brilliant, utterly intoxicated, and utterly off his rocker, all at the same time. His ragged clothes were about the level of something he'd fished out of the Thames and the coat was just
For the first time, a warm seed of hope takes root in John's stomach.
"Yes. Obviously."
while at the same time trying to convince his attending he doesn't need to add
he says.
"Mary was... exciting," Sherlock started again, his voice wavering. "She was supposed to be enough. She--"
John sits back with a terrible, overeager grin, pinning flailing fists to the ice, panting and looking as if he wants to still throw one punch more. He glances back over his shoulder to the Yard, making sure backup is on its way, and finally swivels back to face Sherlock, just in time to see him raise a hand and beam with his best smile.
Then he starts to stand up, and finds himself blocked by a bandaged lump of a hand, catching him right in the chest.
John makes himself immediately busy, turning off the monitor alarms, maneuvering Sherlock as he sees fit, asking him calm, professional questions. It's entirely too much effort, and Sherlock leaves his eyes shut, pressing out the noise and John's hands until it's too loud to be ignored.
cocaine builds something
look on John's face, that huge, euphoric, beaming smile, the adoration in his eyes, like Sherlock has just done something amazing or spectacular--
Mycroft glances between the two of them again, unreadable in exact the same way his brother is-- the familial relation has never been so unmistakeable. But something about it makes John want to clutch Sherlock to him even tighter. "Not as such," he returns cryptically, whatever the fuck
"Yeah," he said, and made himself smile back. "I know this was Molly's shift, but after last time I figured we could... hang out a bit. If that's all right."
John stares up at Sherlock's stricken, furious face, a rock in his stomach. Sherlock can not-- will not-- look back at him. He gulps frantically, his throat jumping as if he desperately wants to defend himself, but can not.
Then, with a long, sleepy snuffle, he rolled back around to his stomach, nestling his slack face even deeper into the pillow. One limp hand smacked Sherlock right across the face.
Mycroft at last lowered his phone, turning back to face John with an angry tug at his suit jacket. "My staff have Sherlock's location, as well as Dr. Oscar Wilson's. One of us needs to speak to him, and properly dissuade him from ever attempting to so much as contact Sherlock again.
"No. We'll be back to being two properly emotionally constipated Englishmen in no time, I think."
It was a transparent lie. And what was worse, it was one that Sherlock had no reason to think he would fall for. John knew very well what drugs exactly Sherlock was suffering in withdrawal from, he knew exactly what the detox had and was going to look like, and he'd been making a chart of his recovery to keep a close eye on it. He knew that Sherlock was through the worst of the withdrawal, and while he still would have bad days, the severe symptoms were beaten down. He was well enough to work a case so long as it wasn't physically intensive, and a few sit-down interviews weren't physically intensive. He wasn't only well enough; it was
And there it was. John's fate-- sealed by his own stupid mouth.
of being stuck, unable to take any at all.
Everybody jumps, and John's hopes deflate inside him right along with the tension like a popped balloon.
He did so by waiting for him around the corner, and greeting him with a solid fist to the face.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
This friendship was already more than he deserved, and it was strained and fragile. It was tentative, between them, and right now John wasn't sure how much pushing it could take. He couldn't open his mouth and ask for more. Because even if Sherlock would say yes-- Sherlock, Sherlock who was not gay or straight or, or
It's a good thing that Sherlock hadn't taken more than a few droplets of soup, because it takes him this long to finally remember how to swallow.
"Hmm." Sherlock did, indeed, hold still, perfectly still, his eyes tracking John's every move. Sea-green, today.
go wrong, and all he wanted to do was snap Oscar's neck.
"Was John especially happy before you told him?"
Lestrade stares at him, eyes wide; he looks almost aghast. And it's probably not good, but Sherlock can't help but grin, a little, tasting how that word feels.
He was sick. He was
(See. Now
He also decided he would very gladly look the other way if Sherlock took the opportunity to trip him on his way into the office.
He sucked in a second breath, and said,"Go. On. Your. Date."
He opens the door to an empty bed.
3. If Mary had hurt John, Sherlock would not forgive her. He would
"I'm not sure if I agree with her. It wasn't anything like my parents and hell, none of us shot each other again, so it could've been worse. And I know that I wasn't exactly husband of the year, either. But..."
A much quieter story, not a headline at all, was of Oscar's subsequent separation from his wife. It looked likely that divorce proceedings were to follow, along the heels of his retirement.
She cleared her throat and sat forward as well, setting her notes aside. "That's a lot to go over. I think, one thing that I want to say first, though. John. We're both doctors. And your sister has been an alcoholic for many years, now. While I will admit this is possibly the most complicated story of a relapse I've ever been told," and she smiled, here, just a little, trying to coax one out of John himself. "I think you know very well that Sherlock's decision to return to drugs was his choice, and his alone."
John pauses. He can't see the smile, but he feels it level against his back, all the same. "Are you sure you have the time for a sonata?"
Never mind that Mycroft's watching. He tentatively reaches a hand out, just barely touching the small of his back. "Sherlock, it's--"
"And how's Sherlock doing, then?" Greg asked next, his voice wary. Clearly, he was fishing. "You said he wasn't feeling up to coming with you today?"
Not soon enough.
date? A broken nose wasn't jealousy, it was par for course.
Don't lie to me and say you don't know what I mean
John's presumption appears to have insulted him far worse than Mycroft's request ever could've.
Oscar did not answer. By the look on his face, it seemed he sensed properly that he was on very, very fragile ground, and did not want to tempt John into hitting him a third time.
Sherlock beamed back at him, already shot towards his coat on the door while even Greg could barely contain his relief-- the return to normalcy was already addictive. "You won't do any such thing," he announced, and tucked his coat around him in a swoop of cotton. "You're bored, too."
But perhaps... this would be an acceptable compromise.
thought he couldn't come to him for help again.
"John!" he cried again. "John, wait, you ought to know-" He squirmed closer to the edge of the bed, fingers wound securely into his sleeve to anchor him into place. "Milgram is-"
Why was Sherlock telling him this? Was he still hurt by John's assumption that he'd never been interested in anyone? It didn't seem like it. No... this one felt more like a challenge. As if trying to assert to the world at large, and John in particular, that he
He steeples his hands, searching for the words best designed to earn sympathy and draw out a medical concern. John likely wants this conversation over just as much as he does, so all he really needs is to give him the excuse, and then-
It will be something quick and clever, perhaps an especially smart deduction, or an especially deserved insult to Anderson. When there's a spotlight on him and the stage of a crime scene, and he is the diva on stage. Or he can wait until Mycroft stops by next to exude his smugness all over the flat, and Sherlock simply needs to pop the balloon of his existence to shreds. Or even simpler than that, all he truly needs to do is just wait for the right moment to say just the right thing to John. Something big and flashy and wonderful, something to inspire John's awe and praise and love for him. The perfect words to end this
Sherlock's scowl deepens. He flicks his thoughts back to the mirror, and dust in his throat, and failure coating the glass and his insides like a toxic mould.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Dr. Watson, he's got a class right now. Try again in an hour?"
"John doesn't want... me to. John doesn't..." Sherlock sniffed again, seeming to struggle for air, gulping heavily. "He'd hate me forrrit, Mycroft. I can't do it again, he, he won't. He'll leave. He'll take Ross... Rosie. I
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
This man, this
Sherlock rasps another hollow gasp, panting as if he's just out of breath, just hanging on the edge. His shoulder flexes under John's hand.
"Well," he announced, his voice heavy. "I guess that's over, then."
support what Mycroft tried to do here today. He can't just keep standing here and
It's a chessboard in his mind, and Mary not-Morstan is the white queen- and no, the symbolism is not lost on him, thank you very much- while the baby growing inside her is the king. And on the other side of the board, John is their king, while Mycroft is their aggressive, go-getting, angry queen.
but he's so cold and pale and John can't stand it--
He exhales.
John sighed, thinking back on it again. God knew what
John bit his tongue to keep silent.
What does John
"Oscar."
Sherlock isn't expecting it at all, when John sits closer, and kisses him hard, right on the mouth.
Something
"Still can't shave?"
It didn't matter if Mary had been dyeing her hair or not. She was dead now. It didn't matter if that was one more lie. Rosie's hair would be whatever color it was going to be, she would be beautiful no matter what, and that was that.
He will not abide by this any longer.
Sherlock didn't pay much mind to his mail. Bills were deducted from his accounts without him needing to attend to them, and everything else, well, why would he care? If it was something truly deserving of attention, then they could manage to write into the blog or stop by the flat in person. Potential cases, junk mail,
"That's it," he murmurs, nodding in time with each of Sherlock's rapid-fire wheezes of breath. "There you go. You're doing great, Sherlock, that's brilliant. Keep going, baby, just like that."
he signs.
Enough of this, John decided.
Sherlock's eyes widened.
The upside of it, he reflected darkly, was that he would never act on it. Not with Sherlock. So he supposed his dad wouldn't have minded all that much after all.
and he's still standing right here, his arms around him, and his mouth on his
"I haven't been... very good, lately. And what I said, back at the crime scene earlier. That wasn't good either. You know I hate it when you run off on your own, when you don't let me come with you for whatever godforsaken reason, but... that wasn't what that was about."
He practises speaking when John is not home the most. At first, it's to simply rehabilitate his own voice, coaxing it out of its hoarse ruin of croaked syllables and parched words into something serviceable again, in the hopes that his first deduction won't end in a coughing fit. But then when his voice starts gaining strength he keeps at it, because he can't stop. It's addictive and amazing, it makes him feel alive and like each word is its own little goldmine of a case or shot of cocaine, a little high with
But John came over, wearing his favorite dark-blue shirt that was becoming one of Sherlock's favorites, too. He appeared with takeaway from Angelo's, as promised, and the first thing he did was kiss Sherlock, and tell him he looked amazing.
And the most disgusting thing about it is he can't even tell him to shut up. Not right now. He can't even open his mouth
Slowly, deliberately, he lowers a hand again, palming it right over John's heart. He traces a circle with his forefinger, then scratches a line straight through it.
"...Okay," he gives then, his voice gruff. "Right, then. Okay."
"Nothing would've ever happened without your permission-- this wasn't going to ever be behind your back. Well, not just your permission, really; everyone's. I've already got Victor's parents, but I want consent for every chapter."
He could not possibly ask for a more ideal situation to say his first words in over nine months.
Sherlock's throat stung.
John, however, was a little bit less than thrilled. "Hang on." He frowned at Sherlock, his arms still around his stomach and each aborted bounce on the balls of his feet symptomatic of the pain he knew he was still in. And not all of it because of John. "Sherlock's still recovering, Greg. I'm not sure a case is the greatest--"
He could smell Sherlock's bloody posh boy shampoo.
It's the uncomfortable knot that formed inside him when John had sat there in his dreadful hospital room, and said
John glanced over his shoulder, and for the first time since Sherlock had wrestled the Semtex vest all the way off, he was smiling, now. A small but definitely genuine smile. "Sherlock," he said, tilting the glass of water. "I learned how to mist and pamper your bloody rainforest plant. I'm pretty sure I'm in this with you for the long haul."
He hauls the officer up by the collar, a split lip and wide, shocked eyes, and all he can see is the look on Sherlock's face, pinned down and terrified on the filthy floor. "You didn't notice you were hurting him?!
Sherlock frowned.
him. I hit him once because I thought he was going to hurt someone, but then I kept hitting him. I hit him until he was on the floor and someone had to pull me off of him and then I looked at him, and I told him he deserved it."
"It was the first time I'd ever actually said no to him. Said no and stood my ground, at least. He'd always been able to convince me, before. This was the first time it wouldn't work. And when he realised I wouldn't change my mind this time, he wasn't... he." Sherlock shifted, his face settling into something very cold, almost detached. Like he wasn't in the room at all. "He wasn't happy."
He swallows dryly again, his stomach in knots and his hands still clammy, an itching desire just underneath the surface for the stimulation that is right within arm's reach. He looks away from Mycroft again, glaring sickly at the way he takes up space in John's chair.
"I know what he was trying to do. That doesn't mean that it helped." Sherlock folded his arms tightly, still a thrumming lightning rod, like he'd been set on fire and was burning inside. Burning all the way to ash. "He was even probably right to do it, in the beginning. I found him two days after I dropped out of school and I was a walking catastrophe. I'd say that Mycroft exaggerated whatever he told you, but I'm not sure that's possible. I had panic attacks, I couldn't eat, I was still throwing up and now I was a very new drug addict. But he was kind to me. He let me sleep in his bed, and he let me eat his instant noodles for free, and he let me insult him and scream at him and be a generally be a vile, terrible, awful human being. And I got better. But he didn't change, John. He never stopped feeling guilty and he could never stop treating me as that same stupid boy that showed up at his flat and had a panic attack when he smelled alcohol."
and the dusty floor while surrounded by Greg and John and his arm in an incredible amount of pain is obviously not going to cut it.
Finally, the penny actually dropped.
His legs propel him out of sight before he can even start to open his mouth, and his heart is pounding so hard he can hear it throb in his ears. His throat hurts and he suddenly can't help but to scratch it, his fingernails tearing lines down it so deeply they want to bleed.
his entire life, to grind his teeth, and bide his time, and it was all supposed to be for this day. University was when he was finally supposed to find people like him. University was where he was supposed to finally slip out from Mycroft's thumb and shadow, and to not be
what he wants.
it is the same: it is
"I said," he spat, "
He just wants to know that the people who did this to Sherlock are
John hears the footsteps proceeding down the stairs, steady, rhythmic, cold. He hears Mycroft go all the way downstairs and then the swing and click of the door to the street.
He has never had a dog, since Redbeard. He's missed it a few times, but it has simply never been an option. Not in boarding school, of course, or university, and after graduating his lifestyle has never allowed it. Mrs. Hudson would let him get one, he's sure of it, but not even Sherlock is self-centered enough to adopt a puppy when at the drop of a hat he might get a case that demands he leave for days at a time or worse. It is just not a sustainable idea.
John mutters something, the words themselves unimportant under the warmth of his voice. His fingertips slide to the inside of Sherlock's wrist.
For several seconds, it was just that. Sherlock, breathing heavily into his hands, hiding his face and very clearly one wrong move away from lashing out. And Greg--
Well, he supposed that did make some measure of sense. John
He can't do that to John, and he couldn't take it to do it to himself.
Sherlock rolls upright, one hand fisting in the sheets and other still fisted into his shirt. He just sits there on the edge of the bed, his mouth moving silently, but no sound comes out. No sound ever comes out, because John
Sherlock is breathless and flushed and just a bit high on the successful conclusion of a case, landed right there in his lap. He's
This is going better than he'd have ever imagined it would.
What was Oscar doing?
For one very crucial moment, it felt like time stopped. It felt like Sherlock was standing on Magnussen's patio, watching him flick John in the eye. It felt like watching John at the pavement below St. Barts' rooftop and knowing there was a sniper on his head. It felt like he had been forcibly evicted from his body and was watching
He stopped short.
Relationship or not, that was true. John would
"It's fine," he murmured listlessly. It didn't sound fine. Bu then, a small smile twisted into place, he looked back at John and met his eyes, and once again had slid back to genuine. "Truly. We both know I've been making assumptions about your sexuality since the first minute we met."
They go through a few more exchanges, Donovan's vocal responses somewhat cryptic and unhelpful as she continues to tug Sherlock's hands into place. After a few back and forths, she frowns, letting go. "There is absolutely no evidence that the scene was staged."
Another line, this one marked along his waist, read simply:
John kept his mouth shut, his hands clenched in his lap. He didn't want to sit here anymore, he wanted to tear out of the flat, drive Mycroft's fancy car straight down to the fancy restaurant, and drag Sherlock out of there. He wanted to sock Dr. Slug in a Suit in the face and then do it again. He didn't want to hear this.
John exhales a long, shaken breath, suddenly dropping back to sit on his heels as if the strength to sit upright has deserted him. He gently rolls Sherlock's trouser leg back down and the sock back up, being very careful to only jostle the swollen joint as much as is necessary, and still does not look at him.
and on his own for the first time. Mycroft had been neither of those things. But today had already been difficult enough. Now wasn't the time to try and again drive those points home.
But he can't say as such to John. That is all that
Thank you for all the comments/kudos!!! This is probably's Sherlock most Not Good chapter. Luckily, John's available as a Sherlock translator ;)
This, more than anything else, is a failure.
His skin crawled and his face was hot and he wanted to fix his belt and re-button his shirt and run from the bloody flat.
If they hadn't been in such a public corridor, then John would've said
While Sherlock did not have his conductor of light available to best focus his ideas, it still promised to be a thrilling enough case to keep him occupied. And
"What was so important that you had to do it right then? That you had to do that to John, Sherlock? I'm sure you had to do it, you always do, but... you just can't keep making him watch as you hurt yourself, Sherlock. You can't keep doing this to the people that love you."
"That... happens, sometimes," he managed, almost coughing the words out. He swallowed again, his mouth suddenly bone-dry, and peered closer at Sherlock's face. "Almost done, I think. Just hold still for a little bit longer." He glanced up to meet Sherlock's gaze and ended up trailing over the stitches. "These are ready to come out too. I can do it now, unless you want to wait for your next check-up?"
The older man turned immediately to look at Sherlock, and whatever irritation that Victor had caused him vanished away in an instant. He smiled at him, professional and pleasant, and crossed the room to join him at the centrifuge. "You're the prospective student, is that right?" He held out a hand, and unlike Victor, he gave Sherlock nothing at all less than his full attention. "The young one?"
But he can't do that, so he tilts his head, instead. "Am I teaching you to dance, again?" Because John's hands are on his shoulders, and maybe if he makes a joke, maybe if he pretends none of this ever happened, that's all it'll take to go away-
It's one of the only signs John knows, and can confidently recognise on sight.
Let them fucking rot.
He forced his fist to unfurl, and shook his hand instead.
Which means Sherlock is clearly the only one to actually notice as he scurries his way down to street level.
Sherlock is once again reminded on how he thinks the entire scientific field of clinical psychology isn't worth the paper it's printed on. If he wanted Hallmark greeting card tripe, then he'd have bought one.
to sit here with Sherlock in ICU, his angry pulse fluttering underneath gauze and John's thumb, and watch him sleep through enough sedation to knock out a bull.
Sherlock slumps lower on his knees, shaking his head. He's already half on the floor and sinks all the rest of the way, and he can't
"What?"
got a case. Remember, I told you this part twice, I can't just
Mrs. Hudson was about just frequently enough to be abnormal. She may not've been his housekeeper, but that didn't stop her from popping in on him morning, noon, and night. She made tea, and brought biscuits, and chided at him to
"And... actually... there's one more thing, Sherlock. I--" He grinned at the look on Sherlock's face, but it was over something that ached, deep in his stomach. "Almost done, I promise. It's just about something else you said."
They'd probably all have been a lot happier if he'd come to that conclusion before Sherlock had ever even been discharged.
Sherlock shouted, tearing his violin out from underneath his chin. It took just about all of his self-control not to throw it and he spun around for the second time, pointing the bow as a sword just to hear it whip through the air. "Will you
was going to end up being the prologue to a much less innocent story. John had a terrifying vision of Sherlock dialing Mycroft sitting in a pool of Oscar Wilson's blood, flushed and grinning, and in the same instant knew he didn't fucking care. He'd hide the body. He'd grab Sherlock by the hand and flee the bloody country with him if Mycroft couldn't help them. He'd watched Sherlock be arrested for murder once and it wasn't happening again. Not for this waste of space.
John put his cup of tea down, very, very carefully, on the nearby table.
"Hello," he said. He glanced between them both for a moment, his voice low, and oriented himself at the woman. She was similar to Kitty Riley-- absolutely vicious, and would do anything for a good story. It just so happened that most of her stories were actually rubbish since she worked for the Sun. Perhaps giving her a story that could actually be fact-checked would help her career. "Recognise me?"
"You won't see him again," he said instead, keeping the words firm. He touched his hand against his wrist again, gently tracing the pale, warm inside. "I think you and I scared him off, last night. And if we somehow didn't, I know you'll send him packing if he ever shows his face around here again. He's scared of anyone with a backbone, and you've got more of a spine than him any day of the week, just over refusing to get the milk."
what was going on? What had he missed? What had Oscar done to Sherlock? "It's not the most common thing in the world; Greg,
John was smiling again. A small and dangerous smile, the one that wasn't quite a smile at all, and instead was entirely ex-army doctor that would be a fatal mistake to cross. He reached out to trap Sherlock's fingers in his own, a deceptively warm grip that was perhaps most accurately likened to a bear trap.
But then, John was an idiot, and he very much wanted something to do with John. So.
When he says he likes action and adrenaline, this really isn't what he means.
The door downstairs creaked open, for the second time that night.
let go of Sherlock's face, stood back to shake his head and laugh and look bewildered and amused and surprised. At first Sherlock thought he was being laughed at, but Oscar only squeezed his shoulder again, still beaming. "You're just about the only student I've ever heard say they like
who can not
but there's nothing and all he can do is kiss John until they both have to break apart for air.
already? This is intolerable!"
"Answer the question. Such a meeting is neither appropriate nor acceptable. Were you--"
But he hadn't, John hd done something
Emphasis on the lazy.
Sherlock. I mean, come on. Anymore of that and we'd both lose it."
"Yeah," Lestrade chuckled, "you do." He snatched up the empty cups of coffee, offering up a half-hearted salute. "Don't steal anything while I'm gone."
John waited for another minute, his arms slung tightly around Sherlock's back. Sherlock stayed against him, his face hidden and his fingers clinging to his jumper, and once again John let him just stay there. Unmoving and pale and
him, because that is what he always does. "What positive strides do you have any hope of your little stunt accomplishing here today?"
"Sherlock," he started, cutting him off right then and right there, because he couldn't hear this anymore. He moved around to join him on the floor, and he met Sherlock's steady, absolutely beautiful and absolutely cold eyes. He knew him well enough by now to know it was all an act. "Rosie, can you give Sherlock your bee?"
Sherlock stops him with a hand to his chest, squeezing John's lapels and spun away from him like the force of nature that he is. His strong hands stay there and don't move, they pin John in place as if it is everything in the world that depends on John staying
That was... that...
"How'd it--"
Then he was gone, and Sherlock was left alone with the professor.
Why, exactly, should he waste his time trying to inform them?
"I agree," she assured again, nodding. "He was trying to help you. He was genuinely trying to help you, with only your welfare and happiness in mind... and now," she finished pointedly, looking at him. "As a direct result of those actions, you are unhappy, self-loathing, and guilt-ridden."
For a long time, that grief, and that guilt, had been the worst he had ever felt in his life. His best friend had killed himself, and maybe John hadn't pushed him off the edge himself, maybe John would've spoken to him differently if he'd known, if he'd realised, if he'd
He didn't like... this. The hugs and kisses on the sofa. The late-night meetings, that more and more often took place here in Oscar's flat instead of in his office. He'd tried to learn to appreciate these, too, but he just couldn't.
"That's it. Perfect. Jesus, you're shaking; come on, Sherlock. Just focus on me." John's arms tighten securely around him, enveloping him all around in a warm John-blanket. "Good man, absolutely. Just like that. Breathe in again. That's it. You're doing fine. You're doing so well, Sherlock."
"I don't
a good officer, and Sherlock
So John did his best to stay calm, and he let Sherlock sit silently in the seat next to him, arms folded and his stubbly, rough face cold and all but shut down, and ignoring the both of them as if his life depended on it.
Sherlock, curling in his nest of blankets, ignoring John save for the occasional acceptance of cups of teas, and submerging himself in that
Angelo delivers John's requested glass of white wine, and from there follows the rest of John's instructions to squirrel back to the kitchen and call the police. Lestrade, specifically; this will not be the first time that Angelo has had to summon the police to a crime just outside his restaurant. And then, a noisy show of it is made, the both of them tossed out into the street with Sherlock's face and collar dripping with wine and John's hand squeezed around his, Angelo shouting for them to get lost while Sherlock is high on the euphoria of it. They look like nothing more than two drunks staggering together down the street.
"If I may. I hurt myself and you, John," Sherlock said, still frowning. "And you-- did hurt me, yes. But you also hurt yourself."
He's right, of course. Got in one.
There are a million paths, and just about every single one of them is better than this one.
"Still impossible. Lestrade wouldn't do such a thing."
He focused on that, and the unsteady pattern of Sherlock's tear-thick breathing, and for just that moment, tried not to let himself think about anything else.
Sherlock lets his head loll against John's wet shoulder, his cheek pressing against the angry starburst scar.
did. He wasn't a freak or a baby; wasn't that what part of what he'd wanted to prove by coming to Cambridge at all? To find people like him? To prove that he wasn't alone? Excluding Mycroft, but what the
Sherlock stared at him still, his face bleached as white as the milk in his tea and his blue eyes sickeningly huge. For a moment, he wasn't sure if he'd even been heard at all.
That hope hadn't taken very long to be extinguished.
He hadn't come here expecting to be angry, tonight. It had been a very long time since he'd been this angry at anyone, and he wasn't sure he'd
He shakes his head again, a weak rustling and wrinkle into his trousers.
"Get him to drink as much water as you can. If he loses consciousness and you can't wake him up, or has any trouble breathing, any at all, you take him straight to an A&E." John shouldered his jacket back on, yanking the zipper to his chin with a clenched, furious fist. "And you will not get angry with him, do you understand me?"
"It's not a
John ground his teeth again. The anger in his stomach was so familiar it was almost comforting. Righteous, this time, a righteous, protective anger, at someone who deserved it, at someone who he could punch in the face and
The whiskey had loosened his tongue. It had also loosened everything else.
and put John's wing in between their locked doors and the entrance.
"No." John crosses the room again and returns with a tablet of oxycodone, his eyes stern in a glare that belies absolutely no room for argument. "Take this."
Several seconds ticked by. Silence. John stared at him, unblinking, and said nothing.
This is how his great, triumphant stand ends.
"Sorry," he murmurs, pulling the chair closer to the bed. Part of him wants to just give in and cry, but he can't do that. This is not about him, this is about Sherlock, and he swallows the grief back through sheer force of will alone. If Sherlock can hear him, if there is even the slightest chance that Sherlock can hear him right now, then John is not going to make him lie there and listen to him cry. "Had to go tell your brother off for something. Don't worry-- I think he learned his lesson."
Well, as it all turned out, it didn't matter what he should've done. Because Sherlock had still made the choice to hang up the phone and step off the rooftop, even with John begging him to stop. For two years, he'd at least had that. That he'd tried, in the end, to stop him. He'd done the right thing and it just hadn't been enough.
of a bastard that rolls out of bed ready to walk onto a magazine cover.
A chilled, stifling atmosphere settled. Sherlock ordered a whiskey of his own, because the only thing worse than the mind-numbing stupidity of alcohol was to keep feeling like this. He just wanted to relax, yes? Right,
They shouldn't have come out on this case at all.
All right! I'll probably be a bit scarce for a few weeks, my next trick is looking to be quite messy- but I will be back! This time, with more of your regularly scheduled angst programming! A small preview, of what I'm working on for next...
John stiffened again. "You just said that I did. You just gave me ten different reasons why Sherlock shouldn't be seeing him."
John was not particularly surprised when Sherlock's answer to this was to rise up to his feet, and jerk towards the kitchen with his back to him like an angry, spurned wraith.
He has to fight to stop himself from shattering the glass.
with this
He's seen the pictures of the other four. Dead at the scene of the crime, those pathetic excuses for life removed from existence before he'd gotten the chance to do it himself. Splattered with blood that wasn't their own, facedown on the floor of a grimy warehouse next to slick knives, and dripping pliers, and snapped handcuffs.
John looked back down to his laptop, waking it back up and scrolling to his email to take the pressure off of Sherlock. Because he'd meant what he said about honesty, but he also meant what he'd said earlier, too. If Sherlock wasn't ready to talk about it, then he didn't want him to feel forced. They could wait. This could come in stages. Some things didn't even have to come at all.
Mrs. Hudson tsks in quiet disapproval, shaking her head. But she smiles all the same, squeezing his hands just a bit like a proud mother. "Then I won't say anything," she promises, and holds a finger to her lips.
Was this really what it was like? Was
He can't give John that control because he can not
"Look, John," he started, looking at him in very transparent worry. "If you think Sherlock isn't well enough for this, you just need to say so. I can live without his help, if that's--"
What on
"I hope we're not going to make a habit of this, then?"
John is home. John Watson is home. John Watson is home to stay. John Watson looks unhappy and tired and is wounded and has both the worst ex-wife and the worst best friend in the entire history of recorded time. John Watson is home and not wearing his wedding ring.
"Depending on the results of the head scan."
to John's absolute astonishment-- leaned in, and
he laughs, ducking under the hand that tries to swat his arm. "Jesus, I'm coming! What is this one, a ten? Tell Lestrade to warn a guy next time!"
"I don't--" He frowned back. A quick skim through the palace confirmed it: no existing data for how he was meant to respond. What sort of question was that? "I feel fine, of course."
He squirmed back onto his other side to wave a white flag all in one. He couldn't quite look at John, so glared into the darkness instead, his fingers still caught together and each breath wrenched through clenched teeth by sheer force of will. "Won't happen again."
"I think we should... wait."
John's clinks his nails on his tea, and the right thing for Sherlock to do, right then and there, is to shut up.
"Thank you," John sighs. He cradles the cup with his watering eyes shut, not sipping yet but just hugging it to his chest, like a child with a stuffed toy. He's gone a little green, and Sherlock is this time content to hand him his dressing gown from across the room. "Thanks again. Now--"
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! I think I got to them all, but if not and I missed someone, my sincere apologies <3
Then he left him there, slumped and bleeding on the ground, and alone on the dark campus street.
Sherlock has never mentioned liking dogs. But, then, Sherlock never
it's so
"I'm so sorry," John finally rasps again. He strokes his hair with shaking fingers, still sounding perilously close to tears. "I'm so... tell me you don't hate me, Sherlock.
He doubts John's issue is any moral proclivity. He shot a man for Sherlock twelve hours after meeting him, and Jeff Hope had been responsible for barely a shred of the havoc and tragedy that plays out at Magnussen's hand.
The unease in his gut solidifies.
and told him he deserved it. A normal person probably would do all those things. A normal person probably would be-- afraid of him.
Fine. He's lost. He admits it, now. He's crumbled and bleeding in a ball all the way at the very bottom of the palace, shivering too badly to claw his way out, and there's no other word for it. He has
"No. I am simply telling you that this is not the first time Sherlock has lost his voice in response to a traumatic experience, and that all manners of expensive therapy, tempting with snacks and books, and any other forms of reward, accomplished little. He only chooses to adjust his behaviour when he deems it worth it." He pauses and frowns, his expression souring. "Though, do continue tempting with snacks. He's barely eating, John-- I presume we would both like to avoid a hospitalisation for malnutrition?"
"Shit," he gasps. Then he does it again.
John frowned.
not the salient point here, Sherlock!"
"Er. I don't know. A lot, probably. Still would be nice if you'd not keep intestines next to the milk, though I'm not holding my breath." He shrugs easily, undeterred. "It's not a contest, Sherlock."
But John was gone, now, already off to the kitchen to half-fill a glass of water, looking amused and fond and exasperated all at once. Sherlock swallowed down his protest, because while he was still familiarizing himself with John's many expressions, he already knew this particular one very well, and it promised that there was no room for argument.
John has been by his side for days, keeping watch on his ever fluctuating and precarious vitals, feeding him ice chips when he's delirious and semi-conscious, mopping up the sweat from his bloody brow. And
What follows in his head, he isn't able to even write down, never mind speak aloud.
Not a surefire victory, then.
doesn't want this, either. Nothing about this is what Sherlock wants to be.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft sighs, long and heavy, when Sherlock's eyes go back to meet his own. "I was not able to find you until it was much too late for it to matter. Then my agents botched the extraction mission, and managed to kill every
John staggers off his shoulder, right into the middle of their group of idiots. He gets pushed off from one moron to another and Sherlock staggers with him, and John makes up for Sherlock's silence with a loud grunt of his own, pinwheeled from one to the other. "Excuse--" he shouts, "
When he finally does agree to participate, he passes every assessment with flying colors. Every single test that does not require Sherlock to speak or write, he does so in full form, with hard, angry eyes, and hands that twitch like he wants to snap the offered pen in half.
The shards of the vase didn't fall this way; the blood spatter make no sense! What sort of thief robs such an expensive home and then throws about a priceless antique as a weapon, Lestrade,
His stomach dropped a notch out from underneath his feet.
When they exhaust the information they can get out of head scans, they move on to the even more rare and ludicrous. They're running the gauntlet, on anything at all that might cause aphasia as a side-effect, plausible or not, but-- it's
Please. -SH
"This is serious, Sherlock. If you take something like heroin right now, it
There are voices, upstairs. One of them certainly not Sherlock's; the cockney accent, and higher than his low-pitched baritone, saying something that's just a hair too quiet for John to make out the words. Irritated and annoyed, not trying to be quiet.
So what? What else is new?
The first eight chapters are almost entirely complete, and the last two are fully outlined, so currently, I plan for updates to come every few days. I promise I'll never leave you hanging for too long on a painful cliffhanger ;)
he bellows, hauling his girlfriend along another step. She yelps and nearly drops the towel, revealing a black eye and a head injury that definitely needs looking at. "Someone needs to see us!
Not that John looked particularly impressed by this knowledge, but that was all right. In due time.
For a moment, he clearly has no idea what to do.
A letter came.
They sit on the floor together for a few minutes, John carefully steadying Sherlock while Sherlock looks anywhere but at him. Sherlock, clearly, is in pain, embarrassed, and humiliated. He doesn't want to be here anymore, and all the officers between them and the cars outside are a minefield that he doesn't have it in him to traverse. He still can't seem to bring himself to look at John.
Lestrade hasn't been around much, by virtue of Sherlock not wanting it. The only person to have really seen much of Sherlock since he's lost his voice has been Mrs. Hudson, because not even Sherlock can not tell her no. Mycroft makes appearances whenever he pleases, and everyone else, Sherlock is not shy about shooing them away. He had accepted a box of cold cases from Lestrade, back when he had first come home, and has since refused anything more. He does not want to be seen like this.
John glares back at him, his teeth set on edge. How the hell does Mycroft think he is, considering's he upstairs having a
Another line still. And then another bullet point after that. And then--
that would be enough. He wanted to take what he'd done to Sherlock in the morgue and unleash it all on this piece of shit instead. He wanted to take every bit of physical hurt and unfair words and cruelty that he had ever,
It breathes life into him every single time. It replaces a file of something toxic or cruel in his head, untwisting a nail from his chest and filling the space left with warmth instead. It's the same little hit of disbelieving joy every time John looks at him and says fantastic and
It seemed they were doing this, then.
John lets himself be grabbed, for Sherlock touch his face, turn his head this way and that, run fingers through his hair. Sherlock examines him all for himself right there in the middle of the corridor, in the urgent, possessive way that only Sherlock can, stealing the space from the room and the breath from his lungs-- touching the stitches, staring deeply into his eyes, touching the stitches again, scanning him all over like he's a piece of evidence,
to be happy, but it wasn't until he left Mary that it actually happened. And it's not Sherlock's own inability to comprehend human sentiment, because he's not the only one to see it. More than one person has told him that they haven't seen John look the way he does now in a very, very long time.
They diagnose him. And then? They discharge him.
He has tried. Mycroft gave him the motivation months ago, upon slinking into his flat like the snake he is and using dangerous words like
He goes through the motions, the regimented, scheduled,
He cleared his throat and the cobwebs in his head all at once, trying to shake himself back alive. "It's-- it's fine. It's--" he coughed, his voice wavering. "It's good, I mean. Yes. It's... thank you, John."
was neither here nor there- not unless he wanted John to start fussing, again. John
and think that was good enough.
He wondered if Lestrade would be all that upset if he stopped by the suspect's room on his way room to give him a second knock on the head.
"Right, because-" John sighed again, shaking his head. "Right." He reverted his attention back to Milgram, measuring out an almost absurdly precise pour of water and then tapping his finger along the table, clearly unsure of how to go on. "I'm asking, because you only seemed to get really annoyed when you off and deduced I had a date. And then your texts, well, they speak for themselves, I think."
His mouth keeps moving, trying to say something else, but nothing comes out. John isn't worried-- his throat must be bone dry, and he's obviously exhausted, and drugged to the gills, and stuck on an emotional rollercoaster with no way to get off. John tries to translate, but Sherlock is so out of it it's slow going.
He ranted on under his breath a mile a minute, switching topics like the wind and his eyes a bright, almost electric blue. Even riding out withdrawal and pain and his own grief, to look at him now, someone who didn't know him wouldn't have any idea there was anything wrong with him save the mark over his eye.
"Dr. Watson," he begins glibly. "Brother mine."
Sherlock smirks, curling his frozen fingers in his lap. Clearly, John has written those two texts very, very particularly, every single word chosen only after extreme deliberation.
He wastes no time in crossing to Sherlock's side, bolting across the room the very moment he determines the flat to be Mycroft-free. "Are you okay?" he demands, one hand settling protectively on his shoulder while the other thrusts the curtain back, John leaning to watch as the long, black car of secrets drives away. "What the hell did he want? I swear, if he tried to pull anything while I wasn't here--"
as his wild hair or his dramatic coat or his striking eyes. He misses how it sounds when he laughs, really, genuinely
Lie flat for me."
Sherlock jerked off the sofa so hard he nearly fell flat on his face.
John believes in him. John has just watched him strangle on his own tongue, fail in the very moment it mattered, and John
He pictured it anyway.
"Oh, they sent you a copy, too? I didn't realise-- Mycroft must've asked for it. Sorry," John spoke up, watching him from the kitchen. He stood there cleaning up Rosie's toys, a stuffed animal in one hand and a blanket over the other. It was still, after all this time, impossibly too domestic and unbelievable and overwhelming to be real, and a little seed of delight took root in his chest with each time. "I was going to give you my copy, actually, I'd just wanted to talk to you about it first, but... I guess the cat's out of the bag now."
From far, far away, he feels John's fingers in his hair. He says something, something that sounds a bit like
John throws himself at him with all the force of a very small, very determined bear.
But John will do his damn best to see to it that he is.
Let the lightbulbs start to turn on...
Francis nods slightly again when Sherlock does not answer. He can read the reply from the silence, so at least he's useful for something. "Reacting unhappily to unhappy news doesn't necessarily mean anything bad, Scott," he reminds him. It is a mantra that it feels like he has spent months hearing. "Coping with traumatic or unhappy things doesn't mean being happy all of the time. I would be more concerned if John wasn't affected by everything that you told him. It just means that you and he are processing those emotions in a healthy way."
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek so hard he nearly drew blood.
He is self-centered. He is arrogant, narcissistic, and so full of himself his head ought to explode, and those around him would be ever so grateful if he would just stop and think about others for
So he intends to stay, then. He is making tea, and straightening up, and--
Sherlock waves him away, brushing the question off like a bothersome fly. John is obviously not
Sherlock. That's it. No more drugs, no more using yourself as bait for a serial killer, no more trying to get yourself killed because you think it'll help me. If you really need a reason then do it for me if you can't do it for yourself, but... not because of Mary. She didn't do anything but start to pay you back for the day she shot you."
"Because I wasn't around to tell him not to."
"Yeah," Lestrade murmurs. His gaze lingers on where the consulting detective is still ranting, his motions aggressive and wild in his back and forth with Donovan. "It's been five months now, yeah?"
There's a long, long silence. John strokes his hair.
He waited.
Sherlock snorted into his tea. His startlingly bright eyes stayed turned away and he switched hands, gripping his tea with the other while he supported the icepack against his face.
. The last thing John would recommend to any patient of his that was well enough to work would be to vegetate inside his bloody flat.
John very much needs an answer. He won't call Mycroft, Sherlock realises-- he's asking for his permission and if he doesn't give it, then John won't call him. He will find another way. John wants Sherlock to trust him, more than anything else, and he refuses to bring Mycroft into this if Sherlock doesn't want him to.
"Oh, there's not," John agreed, and his smile was now just this edge of dangerous. "You remembered! Perhaps there's no concussion after all."
Sherlock is tired of talking to himself in the mirror, he is tired of ordering coffee and buying cigarettes, and more than anything else he is
The look on Sherlock's face said, quite clearly, that he was just as relieved for the change in topic as John. "Evidently not." He grimaced, though perhaps it was closer to a pout, and held up his hand again for John's inspection. This time, there was just the slightest waver of his fingers that hadn't been there before. "Everything else is getting better, but... my hands have decided they still hate me, it seems."
They diagnose Sherlock with selective mutism, and shut the file.
"I know that you feel your relationship with Mary wasn't abusive," she started gently, when John had finally collected his brain matter off the floor. "She never hit you or Rosie. And after your experience with your own parents and childhood, and what you have with Sherlock-- even all the violent cases you've seen with him-- you don't like giving such a strong label to what you had with Mary. But you have, at least, admitted that by its end, it was a toxic, loveless marriage."
But that was for later, and this was
"Sherlock," he begins. "I'm sorry for snapping. It was a late night for both of us."
He sits in his armchair, and plays quietly enough that no one can hear him. His posture is dreadful, and his left arm appears to be actually trying to kill him. His fingertips wear in new callouses until they are sore as he plucks through a notebook full of new compositions, gently and inexpertly, the strings complaining after so long left unattended. He's going to need to buy a new bow.
He tried to squirm backwards, not because he was more comfortable on the floor (though he was), but he had no data for how to proceed. This had never happened to him before. He didn't know what he was supposed to say as Dr. Wilson lifted him up by the elbows, sitting him down on the nearest lab stool and Victor's notebook left sprawling on the floor. He held the ice pack in place and peered into his eyes and stood very close and Sherlock didn't like it, not
He might not have been as good at this as Sherlock, but he'd at least picked up a few things over the years. And one thing that he'd learned was that asking a few questions to a lot of people would get him more answers than staging a full on interrogation to just one. And as irritated at John was coming to be at every single staff member he met here today, what he wanted, more than anything else, was
There's blood smeared on the white floor. Not much, and there's about a dozen places on Sherlock it could've come from, and Sherlock is still wearing only a hospital gown. The many injuries are on display, crowding for space on his skinny, bare limbs, and John still can't hazard a guess where it came from. There's too much on him that's hurt.
He knew what Sherlock was trying to say, and-- god, it made sense. He heard the story Sherlock was spelling out with Victor and as badly as he wanted this to work, he knew he couldn't go too far in the other direction. He couldn't be...
"You're a mad git," he panted, the heel of his hand pressed to his chest. "You know that?"
"Can you lower the morphine?" His voice is rough, and he slides his gaze away, curling out of the way of John's sharp eyes. "Permanently, I mean. It's disturbing my sleep."
That has to be for later.
Somehow.
"Sher--" he starts, but then another piece clicks, and his throat closes shut.
If Sherlock even listened as he recounted what he'd learned today. At this point, he wasn't sure if the world's only consulting detective could even care less about this case.
"You're welcome," he says back.
Clearly, John wasn't very good at unplanned conversations.
Sherlock. You are seeing a therapist, you are clean, you have an actual relationship, stop the presses, my god! And yet everybody else seems astronomically more invested in preserving your health and happiness than you do! You want to throw all this away, and for what?!"
"Good," he sighed, squeezing his eyes shut. "Good man. Sherlock, Mycroft is on his way to you right now. I'll stay on the phone with you until he gets there. That all right?" There was another short silence, just Sherlock's tired, heavy breaths, and John realised the oncoming worry before it hit. "I'll be here tomorrow morning. We'll talk then, Sherlock. I'll be here and I promise everything'll be fine. I just need to... to..."
as if that doesn't raise even more questions of
"Milgram!" he cried.
Just sitting here. Knowing Sherlock was out with another man. Eating dinner with him, sitting together in a nice restaurant, wearing blue. Holding hands, possibly.
I do not care." John pulls back just enough to meet his eyes, forehead to his. "I don't care if you sound like a blithering idiot for the rest of our lives, I still want to hear it. Sherlock.
John-- has to do something. He has to pull Sherlock out of it. He has to address what just happened, apologise for what he did, make sure Sherlock knows that he would never,
John starts to sit up after him, but Sherlock has not set his sights far away. He paces directly back to his desk and scrawls something, his hand trembling and the script long and loopy, and before John has even gotten all the way up he is back, his eyes red and stricken but piercing. It is Sherlock, and he is back.
himself, but he's tried it. He's tried watching Sherlock, when he's just woken up from the torment his own incredible mind forces on him. He's tried even just kneeling there watching him caught in the throes of a nightmare, disgusted with himself the whole time but watching his mouth move. Waiting. Hoping. Heartbroken and
But this had been Sherlock's only real relationship. His only experience with what a romantic relationship would be was emotional manipulation and sexual abuse. Maybe he'd had something better with this Victor, maybe not, but--
He'd checked, after Greg's comment in the car. And he was now at least ninety percent sure that Oscar Wilson wasn't a serial killer.
"I didn't--"
"That's good," Francis encourages. "How did it make you feel?"
There was one thing that she hadn't yet talked about, and he knew that it was coming.
And he's shoved away from it by bureaucratic red tape and his own transport's infuriating inability to piece itself back together.
Sherlock, and John with him, stare in disbelief.
Why can he face a madman with a gun on a rooftop easier than he can face a conversation in his own kitchen?
"Get on with- get on with what?! I'm not-"
ever again, but he can and will claw himself through to at least give him what he can.
"Well, that's generally what people do, when they like somebody, Sherlock," John chuckled. It sounded as if he was saying something very, very obvious, like there was an elephant in the room and Sherlock was the only one to not see it. When he turned back around again, he was smiling, which was definitely
John tried again. "Look, if you're not interested in it at all, then that's fine. But I think that you are. Otherwise you would've deleted everything about it days ago. And..." He gave a deliberate pause, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock's downturned gaze. "Are you telling me that if I go look at the mantle, I
Something. Anything at all.
The unease that had been stirred up by Dr. Andrews started to move back in.
John stalked to the door, barely even remembering to grab his keys on the way out. "I'm assuming you know the fucking restaurant?" he tossed over his shoulder, phone shoved into his pocket, heart still lodged in his throat. "So we can--" Mycroft's phone rang, and whatever was left of John's patience completely and permanently snapped. "God damn it, Mycroft,
than John!"
Sherlock thinks, still bristling and hot in the face. He is not here for that label. He is not here for
"Yes," Sherlock breathes. That's not what he's supposed to say, but it comes out, anyway.
then they will simply continue to bicker, and the man will do just that:
John throws his hands up, his back turned again in surrender. He paces and works his breaths back under control and it is only now apparent that his breaking point was passed in silence somewheres about several months ago.
give Sherlock cause to be so worried about a simple date that the world's only consulting detective was trembling in his own kitchen.
Sherlock. I'll kick him down the bloody stairs if he comes back and send Mrs. Hudson at him.
"Go on your date with the boring teacher."
"Have... something? Something... hnn. No, J-"
He kisses John.
This, at least, is a pain that John is very familiar with. "Yeah, I know it hurts. It's all right. You only strained it." He helps to support his arm with one hand, carefully palming his cheek with the other. He's flushed and hot and sweating. "We'll get an ice pack at home."
There is an ink stain on his face, one splotch of wet blue just underneath his high, glorious cheekbone, and John focuses his sleepy attentions on it. "I should probably tell you to stop bringing leaky pens to bed," he teases, rubbing his face clean. "Or at least to stop chewing on them."
If there is something wrong with him, I can promise he'll know it before we spend another million trying to find it, and he'll make absolutely sure we know about it while at the same time making you feel like the biggest idiot for not seeing it first. Until that day comes, you need to accept the diagnosis that he's trying to tell you, and
But this is about first steps, isn't it?
And now he'd put bruises into Sherlock's skin, and broken bones inside his body, and beaten him. He'd hurt him. He'd kicked him until he was spitting up blood onto the floor.
There it is.
"You...
Everything hurts.
"I know, love," John sighed. His fingers combed gently through his hair and he nudged gently again, trying to keep the bandages and the blood turned safely away from his shirt.
Slowly, the pieces scattered by his drunk best friend began to make sense. John put the puzzle together in his head, still on edge and entirely too worried.
He looks at John, and he hears what he said. What he
"I..."
Whether it was something
And John had made him. John hadn't listened to Sherlock saying
he was proud of Sherlock for it. He wished he'd been there to see it for himself. "Well. If I ever see you so much as try to contact Sherlock again, then I'll do the same to your career-- or at least, whatever's left of it. I'll post a tell-all on my blog; you know the one, don't you? Very popular. The Queen's a fan, I've heard." He paused, waiting for the whiny shit to get it. "No one will ever be able to google your name again without getting headline stories of sexual abuse. Good luck explaining that one to Cambridge."
Sherlock spins about on light feet, pacing back and forth, his eyes bouncing all over the ostentatious room. He's buzzing with excitement now, an uncontainable bundle of nerves that starts to text John again, once, twice, but his mind is going too fast and after only a few halting clicks he just gives it up.
Maybe... Sherlock just didn't want to risk it? He really didn't drink often, after all; maybe he was worried it'd make him slow and stupid, for this date he was so nervous about. Maybe--
John, after a stricken moment of silence, was helpless but to grin back.
He was high, then.
"Stay down! No, where do you think you're going? I told you to
"I've got a better question for you, then: since when have you
And you might want to avoid signing until you can fully use both hands. Not that you care, but this is a very easy way to insult someone."
Sherlock shakes his head furiously in mad desperation, tearing at his hair, his collar, his mouth, but all of it in absolute silence. He is clearly well past his wit's end, and he struggles so much with communication
"You'll want a teacher," she says finally, clearing her throat. "Or at least someone who knows what they're doing to practice with. Anything other than what you're doing. I know you're only learning SSE, but I can still tell you're using only a textbook, and I don't care how smart you are. That's not good enough, f... Holmes." She pauses again, watching him from the door and still looking just as unhappy to see him like this as Sherlock is to be here.
Sherlock sinks to the floor again, cross-legged, across from John. He stares at him hard and draws a singular line across his throat.
dear, you have no idea how worried that poor man has been about you--"
It takes a few moments, but finally, the bleary blink comes. Then his eyes sharpen and focus, clear blue locked with his.
Sherlock ignores the question. As he is wont to do. John doesn't ask again.
Because it wasn't. What his father had done to his mother-- that was abuse. What he'd done to Sherlock in the morgue was abuse. The domestic violence and homicide cases that he worked with Sherlock were abuse.
"Sherlock," Lestrade tries, his face ashen. "Come on, lad, with me--"
He is well-aware of the comorbidity of autism and nonverbal patients.
Then, mannequin-like, he manipulated Sherlock down under the first layer of the blankets, and rolled him back gently onto his side. So he looked naturally asleep, instead of something much worse.
Mycroft sent John to his waiting black car, the important addresses already given to the driver to send him on his way. John wasn't sure what the politician did for himself, and he didn't care. He just seatbelted himself into the back seat and clutched the phone in cold, clammy hands, listening to Sherlock's unsteady breaths and utterly torn on what to say.
"For god's sake, what now. What is it, Mycroft?!"
It's getting a little old, to be honest- Sherlock is not going to make a third break for it, because he's not that stupid, he is not a child, he is not needlessly self-destructive. He knows exactly what state he is in and has no wish to extend his recovery by another month yet, not now, that
"Something wrong?"
He sleeps. He
gone off the rails. Greg didn't understand how or where this had gone wrong, but suddenly Sherlock had flipped from bruised to bleeding, and this wasn't exactly the kind of guy to just hug or talk it out. "I..." he started, with no idea of what he even was going to say.
chair.
"John. I feel sick."
sinking deeper into his coat and wrapping tighter around the muffins. He looks almost like a child playing dress-up, in a coat that is much too big for him and a high collar that curls around his sharp cheekbones and gives him something to help him hide. An especially big, especially sullen child.
He hadn't wanted to agree to meet Oscar. He'd said
Surely I can do that much, still? I'm not allowed to
Sherlock has been letting him down for months, and is letting him down,
to my experiments. And it will be treated with the proper respect!"
John, it's quite obvious, he-"
God damn it.
slowing down, properly expressing he can not speak, and doing something as
"Home," John agrees, forcing a smile that just about makes him feel sick, and catches Sherlock's cold fingers back into his own
Sherlock looks-- scared. Not for himself. He's not sure if Sherlock has ever been scared
for it.
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! Onwards!
been before, and made John want to
at him. He didn't get it. He really didn't understand what John was trying to say. "I've... had worse," he said, and shifted uncomfortably, arms curling around his stomach. He clearly didn't want to talk about this. "I've really had much worse, John. It's--"
There were more footsteps down the corridor. He rolled his eyes, sandwiching the dripping flannel more securely under his cheek, and buried back into Victor's notebook.
So today's going well, then.
your voice. I love you."
Francis sets about pouring himself a glass of water, then offering it to Sherlock to do the same. He does, though he's not sure why. He's not going to be doing any talking. Of course. Even as he sits here, imparting his
let him get away with this?"
The reaction was immediate.
"Sherlock," he says again, when the gasps have calmed to something just this side of sustainable. "I'm
His stomach goes cold and miserable, like he's just been forcefed a glass of ice water, and for a moment, John just wants to sit down on the floor and hold his aching head in his hands.
"Oscar."
Half an hour in. Almost done with the second whiskey. Fifty minutes since Sherlock had left the flat, which meant ten until John would call him. Their orders came. Sherlock had never been less interested in food in his life. Couples that sat around them were quiet and romantic and polite, holding hands and kissing over plates of overpriced salmon and salad, while Oscar continued to sit there and sip soup and butter Sherlock up like a slice of toast.
. It had been intended as a stunt. Show off the fact that he could walk about just fine, thank you very much, and therefore had no reason to still be in hospital, and thusly demand to be discharged. Instead he wound up catching his breath on a plastic bench.
and instead hot arousal pools in his stomach until it can not be ignored. More than once he's almost wished he were a woman, which is a dreadfully abnormal thing to think as he strokes his own throbbing penis and silently whines through clenched teeth, but a woman would not have this...
Sherlock starts, sending his stomach and hot tea sloshing just over the rim.
"I will," he started, then swallowed again. "I will try." His eyes slid to him, pale but heartfelt. "I meant what I said. I'm not good at this, I don't have the data, John, but... I am serious about it. I want this to work."
One of Sherlock's legs kicks, straining against the blanket. His face is pale and nervous and his mouth moves frantically, stumbling over something very rapidly, but no sound comes out.
he's ever tried to do, and the only reason I've got anything to feel guilty over is because I keep messing it up! That is
Mycroft looked just about as exhausted and relieved as John, and more than ready to get off the emotional rollercoaster. He sat across from him with his one hand still dangling limply, the other over his face, and John couldn't tell if he wanted to shout at Sherlock or thank him. Sherlock, meanwhile, was now
"Sir, sir, please calm down! If you can just explain what you're looking for-- you can't touch that!
Sherlock was going to kill Jim Moriarty.
because, well, he'd sort've figured they went hand in hand. But now Sherlock was denying it.
John is nearly thirty-five years old, and has lived through war, being shot, an alcoholic sister, and a drunk shithead of a father.
John blinks. That lovely, no-nonsense military glare shutters, and his face does a strange, spasmodic thing.
Yes. John
He's been in that nest on the sofa for three days. He barely eats, and John is pretty sure he's not sleeping. If he huddles up there for any longer, he's going to grow roots.
careful. But--
He's spent all this time, wanting the perfect moment. The perfect blog-post ending that will put an end to all of this, once and for all.
"No," Donovan says, stepping further into the room, "I will not. This is my crime scene and my job, not yours. Assuming you were trying to tell me to
to be.
to talk to. Not to mention the husband's history. I guarantee there's a record of domestic disturbance calls. When one spouse is willing to harm another, there is
Just a few weeks ago, he'd willingly laid himself out for John to kick him until he'd been coughing up blood, and looked up at the people trying to help him and announced
The pieces click, and whatever there was left of John's tentative good will towards Mycroft disintegrates like he'd just squashed it as a bug under his foot.
But John does care.
"...Oh," he said. Because what else was he supposed to say?
He drops down to the couch with a heavy groan, sweeping up Sherlock's tea for himself. When he gathers up the will for it, he'll get his phone out, too, to text the most interfering, nosy big brother in all of Great Britain. The least Mycroft can do is give him a bloody warning for next time.
"John," Sherlock finally said. His vice was faint and raspy, like he barely had the wherewithal to speak.
Mrs. Hudson finishes her bustling, while Sherlock occupies himself with standing there mute like a mannequin. She talks enough for the both of them, deflating the dusty silence of the flat with her chatter alone, the pressure on Sherlock evaporating just like that.
Mycroft! What are you doing?! You-- stop that!
He closed his eyes for a moment, forcing himself to be calm. Sherlock didn't want apologies from him. And right now, apologies weren't at all what Sherlock needed.
And John, instead of being with him, is stuck down here talking to
"Unless I want to change this passage entirely. Possibly should. Probably will, it's--"
His next appointment, he'll cancel. And then the one after that. He'll cancel all of them, until he's able to walk in, sit down, and tell Francis Miller to his face that that his sister is a pediatric nurse, he has a new kitten that likes to cut his claws on his sleeve, and that he has a slight allergy to the muffin he buys himself every morning.
John watched him like a hawk, all because Mycroft told him to.
He hears Sherlock pad off to finally get undressed and everything is so quiet he can hear the rustle of the cloth even from the other bloody room, and John shoves on the taps as he brushes his teeth just for the damn noise.
"What? What is it?"
Every last one of them is dead. Now, they will never know. Not unless Sherlock is able to impart the information himself.
"I would really rather not," he said at last. His voice was vanishingly small, disappeared into John's shirt.
Once again, Sherlock was then left to sit silently. Waiting wordlessly as he smoked in a back alley, positioned just so to get a glimpse of when the suspect left his flat and gave him free reign. He smoked and he sat and he waited, and no reply came.
It speaks volumes, about what he dreams about. It speaks volumes about what they did to him. It speaks volumes about what Sherlock's priorities are even now, so traumatised he can't speak and hurt more than they will likely ever know, but the one thing he cares about is making sure John is okay.
"Well," Mycroft announces, with all the sly smoothness of a politician. "That went well."
It takes about two seconds for John to melt back to the floor.
But the more often that it happened, the more worried John became.
is. Sherlock can give him the amazing, fantastic, tremendous, glorious--
But perhaps...
did you even get this
But he surely does not want
"You can take it. I'm sorry, but I'm a bit busy right now, Donovan."
He is still busy pointedly avoiding all eye contact when the inspector speaks up again.
He also so happened to not be in a particularly forgiving mood. And maybe he couldn't take back Mary's DVD, and maybe he couldn't take back what he'd done to him in that morgue, and said in that letter. But he could, at least, do something about Dr. Andrews: smug little shit, and probable reason why Sherlock had been so reluctant to come here today.
Mycroft was right. Without Sherlock's cooperation, there probably wasn't much that could've been done. But it wasn't 2001 anymore, and Sherlock wasn't a scared kid anymore, either.
It's definitely not even good. It's quite bad, actually. He is responsible for none of the original material, and the development is as textbook as it gets. He's not even interested in playing this one; that's how
was a circle of hell, John didn't even have words for what watching Sherlock Holmes undress would be,
He pulled on his coat with a spin and a flourish, bouncing up on the balls of his feet to whirl about right there in the space of his sitting room. A case, a
"Go away," Sherlock snaps, fluttering a hand. "Didn't I send you away? I don't require moral support."
he points out, and John grins back.
Sherlock kisses him as hard as he can, because fuck his scars, fuck the silence, and
"...Ah." He looks back to his phone, flicking again through the messages in a bad show at apathy. The turmoil underneath shows in the increasing pallor of his face and the clench of his fist around his phone. "Yes. Well. You understand, John, it took--"
So it was turning out to be a good date, after all.
excuse for a human being, had looked at a fifteen year old Sherlock. A beautifully brilliant
"John," Sherlock said suddenly.
Well, then.
That was the only way this case ended.
get to use him to get me out of any conference concerning trauma or emergency medicine," John finished, a small smile playing at his lips. "And yes. I did water him before I came here."
John lets out a long, heavy sigh, again covering his mouth with his hand. He looks away and his shoulders sag, whatever tension there was between them failing with it. "We've gone and cocked this up good and proper, haven't we?"
The experiment continued.
"This is the worst day that anyone has ever lived in the history of recorded time and if you do not save me from it, John, I will
His other options are hospital broth, hospital mush, and hospital muck-masquerading-as-tea.
to acknowledge the possibility, but he is a scientist, and he knows he must always acknowledge failure as a possible outcome. And even if today ends in the worst outcome imaginable, with Sherlock collapsed into a panic attack stricken bawling child on the floor, Lestrade has seen him worse. He is not John, where he still has so much pride and stature to lose. It doesn't
"Uhuh. You'll be absolutely, completely, and tragically bedridden. Despite your physician allowing and encouraging all manner of careful physical activity. Unless you discover something you want, of course, th-" John stopped suddenly, the fingers in Sherlock's hair giving an abrupt and angry tug. "Milgram!"
you clot."
He stands there for several moments, wordlessly looking at Sherlock. His eyes are narrowed and searching, examining him for any signs that he might be coming down with something; a fever, chills. Sherlock briefly considers flinging himself back down into the palace just to avoid
He doesn't bother asking how John knows about them. John spent several weeks working as his doctor and stand-in nurse, while Sherlock was sedated into an almost-coma and breathing on a machine, and then days after that when he was conscious enough to be aware of it, not conscious enough to protest it. Of course John had seen them. John had probably had hours to stare at them uninterrupted, cataloging, diagnosing, and defining each and every one.
For several moments, Greg had no idea what to do.
"Don't do-
Sherlock dodges a serious psych consult by virtue of having the British government for a big brother, and is able to get license to go home by simply shaking his head, when asked several pointed questions about self-harm, depression, and suicidal ideation. John can't believe such a mute interview is really all that helpful, but he wants Sherlock to come home, so he keeps his mouth shut. He doubts the staff is all that happy about it, either.
Whatever words he has to say inside his head, he never repeats them aloud.
"Why didn't you-- you--" John gulps again, his voice breaking. He frees himself from Sherlock's grip to curl his hands around his face like he's cradling something precious, his eyes filling with desperation. "God damn it. I can protect myself, Sherlock! I don't need you to keep me safe, you think I'm afraid of-- of
He was such a piece of shit.
John, for several long, impossible moments, did not react at all.
"I'm serious, Sherlock. Nod your head or I'm leaving right now and you're coming with me."
"In any case," Sherlock went on, his smile fading. "By the end, the whole panel had been hearing stories for those same months about how I skipped lab and meetings, that my work was shoddy, and that my research was incompetent. Mycroft oafishly trying to pull strings just made it worse."
But it is what he wants.
"But nothing. Sherlock, you are... you are
He didn't want to be here.
"...Sherlock?"
Mycroft's mouth twitches, a small, upset thing. His patience is gone, now, and he looks ready to abort this entire conversation. Clearly, he had expected to have an ally here today, and had not been prepared to instead be the one that was ganged up upon. He does not like it. "Again," he murmurs, "you sorely underestimate Sherlock." As if Sherlock isn't standing behind John, his wrists red and sore and his eyes wide and his whole body trembling because he is
"That
When everything that the morning demands is taken care of, he gets back up to his feet, and returns to face Sherlock.
"No," Donovan stresses again, "Your
"...John," Sherlock started again. And he heard the end of that sentence.
It's unfair, just how
"I'm guessing things ended amicably? If he's asking to see you again?"
Ella sat forward a bit, still almost painfully neutral, as if she was trying to keep him calm. "I understand the situation was genuinely very abnormal, for multiple reasons, and can't be compared to any other that easily. I also don't know Sherlock very well himself, so my impressions of him are only from what you've told me and his public persona, so shouldn't be mistaken as a clinical assessment of any kind."
