“Why did you cater to her?” asked Maria.
"Hmm?"
“I got a new assignment,” said Steve.
“It’s my collection. She doesn’t get an opinion of what I hang in my home. I’ll have Happy put in storage,” said Tony.
She finished off breakfast and opened the box of crayons. They’d given her nothing to draw on. Well, there was a perfectly good floor, which was in need of decoration. The first thing she drew was Papa’s shield and then Daddy’s Ironman helmet. Piper never drew people. Drawing them was difficult and she could never get the facial expressions right. Her eyes teared as she traced the images with her fingertips.
“And what’s that?”
"No, thank you."
Tony helped Steve from his lap. Steve yawned nuzzled into his sheets, ready to sleep. He whined when Tony left their bed.
“Sir?”
George followed Steve out the mansion's back door and down a winding stone path that cut through the woods behind the mansion. A massive garage came into view. One of the doors was open, and classic rock playing. A broken-down vintage car was on the car lift. They were dressed in match navy jumpsuits. Piper was sitting on her dad’s shoulders.
“ ‘On the 15th of May, in the Jungle of Nool,’ ” he began.
“Are sure can handle it?” asked Steve.
"I don't want a big wedding."
"Your lessons today were canceled, not our session."
“Doesn’t matter.”
“Thank you, he wasn’t always like that. He was a trickster yes we played pranks when we were young. Such we had laughter,” said Thor.
Steve rubbed is temples, trying not to grow frustrated. The woman was only doing her job. She picked up a phone. Her fingers continued tapping away at the keyboard. He was starting to gain attention. A few people pointed at him and whispered.
“Steve, what are you doing up at this hour?” she asked.
“Bored, unfulfilled, uninteresting.” Steve’s guilt grew with every word.
“Let’s not mess up daddy’s shoulders.”
“Did you keep her cord blood?” asked Bruce.
“I also placed an order of sushi,” said Tony. Steve's nose crinkled in the cutest way. He might order it again just to earn that reaction.
Steve’s legs gave out. He skidded across the icy rooftop. Small cuts stung at his side. He didn't get up, letting his head fall into the snow. His breath fogged in the cold. A boring pain drove into his chest. Snow piled on him.
“Mission?” asked Steve.
“We’re over!” said Steve. He ran from the room not looking back.
“I created you.”
“To toughen me up. What happened to your hair?”
“I haven’t.”
"Are there others here?" She'd seen so few people. If there were more, she thought she'd have seen them by now. Or were they keeping her secluded on purpose? She wouldn't put it past them.
"We have to work on your aim," he said, examining the metal disk stuck in the wall.
Steve stormed off in the direction of the beach.
The metal door creaked open. Piper was weakly holding Lena's hand. The pup stunk of distress and urine. Vomit stained her shirt. Her was skin pale and clammy. A great change had taken place in the pup. That unique spark in her eye had gone out completely.
“Of course.”
"Pregnancy is draining, even more so when you're growing a baby super-soldier. Have you had any problem leaving home?” asked Edith.
“My heart!”
“I know how to get what I want without killing them,” she said. Sir gave her nothing. What bullshit he spewed only serving to agitate her. Leaving was all she could do to stop herself from killing him.
“We’re not doing this okay,” he said.
He took off from the garage. Barb’s ride was smooth. She was perfect. He stopped by a small park. Steve parked his bike. He walked into the park. He took a seat on a bench. There people walking their dogs. Children were playing on the swing set, their parent or nannies watching them. He itched to call Tony.
A car pulled up from the garage. Its doors opened. Rhodes clutched the armrests for dear life as Tony drove.
"So, you came to babysit," Steve asked. There was no point in asking how she knew.
“Fine,” said Steve.
"He's capable of enough to be useful."
“Wow,” she said.
“Tony as much as I want to stay like this we have to get ready." Tony slowly sat up, straddling his waist.
A private jet was waiting for them there. Happy followed behind him.
"You could have just woken me."
“Breath in, breath out.”
“It’s getting there,” said Steve.
He’d seen the look before. Steve didn’t want the ‘anything’ she talking about.
“Alpha.”
“Bye Steve.”
Steve lugged the trunk inside.
The child was learning proper respect. Soon, she’d know the true extent of Edith’s power. First, though, Edith needed to break the pup down further; not destroy her completely, only loosen a few screws. That nuance would take a few days.
“No.”
"You glared at her the entire time. She was only doing her job."
“Come with me,” said Tony.
"Do you need my help," he asked instantly seeming more awake.
“No."
Those frantic eyes met his.
Piper whimpered. She would never forgive herself if she ever lost control and hurt Winter. It was a possibility. And the probability that the Blue Wave would happen again was higher than she liked. She’d liked it be zero.
“What do I have to do?” asked Piper.
"I didn't want our daughter to have the name of a woman I slept with. I would do the same thing we were having a boy," said Tony.
“I thought you were different, Tony! You’re just another stereotypical alpha!” screamed Steve.
"Please, may I come with you?"
Bruce took a look in the playpen. It was a wooden box with different shaped holes to fit colorful wooden blocks. Something that would normally be given to a toddler. She smiled when she successfully put in the star-shaped block in.
He gave it to the kid.
Tony hoped there was strawberry ice cream in the freezer. He didn’t want to deal with reaction if they didn’t.
Tony rolled his eyes.
“Steve.” He froze when Tony called him.
They went to a neighboring room.
“We’re fine."
“Yes, my name is Lewis Shay. I’ll be your tour guide. It’s an honor to meet you.”
"You are a little girl. Super strength doesn't change that fact."
“I’ve been caught before, girl, and they released me.”
"Asleep."
"Tomorrow," said Barny.
He pressed a kiss against Tony’s temple. Steve quickly showered. Whatever he put scratched against his skin.
“Are you alright, Uncle Steve?” asked Rune.
Tony followed him into the birthing room. The alpha gently rubbed lotion into his skin. Then towel-dried his hair. He smiled. In his time he'd be the luckiest omega in his apartment building having such an attentive alpha. All the omegas would have been jealous. Seventy years ago Tony would have been kicked out of the room and he'd be left to go through this alone.
"Put on Jaws, Jarvis," said Tony.
“You'll do right by the kid," said Rhodes.
“Happy Tony undeniably happy.”
"Was knocked out of the sky by an anti-aircraft shell."
“Open the windows,” he said through gritted teeth.
“You can’t.”
"We don't."
*****
“I’m just a rather intelligent system. I am an artificial intelligence unit. I assist in running Stark Industries amongst other things,” said Jarvis.
The two talked for hours, catching up a great deal of what they missed. There was so much. It was eight at night by the time they finished. Peggy walked him to the door. He kissed her on the cheek.
“I don’t care.”
She touched her headphone. “Loki means to unleash the Hulk. Keep Banner in the lab. I’m on my way. Send Thor as well. Thank you for your corporation,” she said to the baffled god.
“Yeah, a little bit. Can I just catch my breath for a second?” The simple task of breathing was becoming a difficult task.
“You heard him, Happy,” said Tony.
Winter continued to adjust to the pup’s presence. It was no longer the annoyance it once proved to be. In one week, she’d decorated the entire cell floor with her scribbles. The only placed untouched by her drawings was his corner. There was nothing left from the box of crayons. She was sleeping, now. The pup had a habit of falling asleep between 12:00 and 13:00, for two to three hours.
"That sounds good."
“When will I start to show?” asked Steve.
"I can't." He already heavily scent marked the alpha before he put on the armor. Some omega or beta would seak out his boyfriend. He didn't doubt in Tony's loyalty. He just didn't like the idea of others near him. That fact had almost been enough to make him go. His arms slowly slipped away from Tony.
“That’s if he says yes,” she said.
“Did I do that too?” said Piper. If he did this to her, he had to be something special. Rune nodded. “You’re not angry?”
“That’s your baby’s heart.”
The statement made Steve realize how little he and Peggy truly knew each other outside of that work environment. Maybe it was the adrenaline caused by war but she was a comfort and he did love her. She was safe. In his heart he still loved her, but their story was over. His attention refocused on the photos on the coffee table.
“Not intentionally,” said Steve.
“She’s a master climber,” said Natasha.
“You saw?” said Bruce.
"You didn't have paperwork."
“Still working as a literature Professor at Colombia. She visits me almost every weekend,” said Peggy.
“Nothing yet, what do you get a billionaire that has everything?” said Steve.
"I know it looks intimidating, but it the only way we can know that she's healthy. I swear this won't harm her," she said.
"Will I ever be Steve Rogers again?" he asked.
“It’s a beautiful silver band. I know that doesn’t sound like much, but it's more than I ever thought I would get,” said Steve.
"Not hungry."
Tony groaned giving up on the idea of sleeping. It was unlikely that he would have slept anyway. He turned on the bedside lamp.
"Sure," said Steve.
“I’m trying to help you, Piper. But it will do nothing, if you don’t try to help yourself first.”
“I’m back." Steve kissed the alpha. “I’m sorry I don’t know what overcame me."
"It was made completely out of plastic and rubber with the exception of its explosive core. We were hoping you could take a look at it," said Fury.
“I don’t-“
“Did he find Theodore?”
Tony glanced at the oven clock."Seven hours ago."
"My birth control malfunctioned," said Steve.
“I’m not sure how much to time I can give him. There will come a time when need him,” said Fury.
“That can be arranged,” said Lena.
“Just sit down,” she said.
"WHAT?!" he snarled from the bedroom.
“Just making sure,” he said.
Loki rolled his eyes.
“Are you sure?”
“How do you know?” asked Steve.
“I can’t tell you, then it won’t come true. At least, that’s the theory behind birthday wishes. It’s movie time now,” said Piper.
She had him the scent blocking bandages. Steve place a bandage on either side of his neck, cover his scent glands.
His mate joined him. He nuzzled against the omega’s neck, picking up the scent of another alpha. Tony growled, Steve hardly interacted with anyone outside of their inner circle.
“But something like you can find acceptance.”
He would have to be in his nineties. The car stopped in of training facility. It was more secluded than where he was before. He followed Fury to a room. It was at least twice the size of his apartment in Brooklyn. Some of the appliances were foreign to him. Pressed against the wall was his dress uniform. Several new medals had been added, the most prestigious being the Medal of Honor. He touched the blue ribbon.
"Okay, so we're both sorry. Can you let me in?"
"Nothing special I'm more interested in you."
“What’s this?” asked Steve.
“I’m fine.”
It was impossible to predict how Piper would react, but Steve was cautiously hopeful. The only people she’d shown any real level of distrust toward were he and Tony. But he was going to bring a stranger. She'd hardly spoken of what happened while she was gone, and he wasn't going to press the subject.
“How do you feel about that?” he asked.
Soon, Piper was standing behind him. He could hear her breathing in his ear as she peeked over his shoulder to get a closer look at what he was doing. George was aware of the danger in his position. The pup had the advantage and could easily snap his neck if she sensed he was a threat. She sniffed him. In most circumstances, the scenting would be considered rude, but he took it for what it was a pup trying to figure him out. Piper shook her head, and Rune relaxed. He came down the slid to stand beside her.
*****
“I have no attraction to female alphas. They are nice though. Kate is a bit pushy,” said Steve.
Lena called in the Jeff and Kevin to take her two subjects to the medical wing.
Lena waited until Pierce was out earshot to curse. It would be months of painstaking work to break down and rebuild Rune into that kind of setting. She was lucky, the boy was young, and his mind was still flexible.
“Then it can wait."
“It would be my pleasure to watch over the little miss.”
"You bugged the playroom, didn't you?" asked Steve.
"We walked through the exhibits that's all," he said.
Small talked continued through the flight. Each taking a turn flying, even with the advances in tech flight control, was still something he could understand.
"I'll show you." They walked silently down the paths winding through the countless headstones. “Half the Howling Commandos are buried here, so are you."
“I’ve been sleeping long enough,” said Piper.
He opened the door allowing Happy in.
"Steve." His eyes were red. Steve rested his head against his chest. Tony rubbed the omega’s back. He purred, hoping it would help Steve get through the moment.
Steve woke early the next morning. He sighed when he saw his most recent nightmare inspired painting, staring back at him. It was a vertical painting of the front of a sleek black train speeding toward the viewer. An icy blue and white back round surrounded it. The only warm color in the painting was a red Hydra symbol painted on the front. Steve ran his hand through his hair. He’d be painting many trains if he continued like this. Steve went over his remaining art supplies. He had nine set stretcher bars left. Nine more paintings. He would have to ask Phil for supplies.
Steve sat in an overgrown garden. It was crowded with butterfly bushes and honeysuckle. Butterflies fluttered lazily from flower to flower. Wild bees sped through the floral air, collecting nectar. He envied how unaware the insects were. For a moment, his thoughts strayed from the stress.
“Run a check to see if anything is missing,” said Tony.
"Let her up," said Tony.
The pup didn't listen. When she tried tearing it off an electric current coursed through her. She jolted uncomfortably. But it was best for her to learn.
"I'm having some cramping."
“Lucky.” This could have been so much worse.
“Bye."
“Where will you go?”
Steve couldn’t stop a tear from leaking out.
Steve nodded. Tony nosed his neck. He was quick to bare it to the alpha. Steve shuddered as those soft lips kissed and sucked upon his neck. Gasping when those sharpened teeth grazed against his sensitive skin. Their lips locked, molding to each other. Another gasp was forced from his lips when his butt was firmly groped.
“What? And you’re letting him carry you like that,” said Happy.
“I like potatoes.”
Minutes later she walked back over to him.
“Well, if he could do that he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet,” said Banner.
“I don’t know. I wish I could say we’ll find her right away, but I can’t. But I won’t give up until I find her.”
“Calm down relax. What’s your name?” She was too panicked. He scanned over her name tag. “Heather?”
Barny chuckled. "You think an old man like me stands a chance against you?"
“Time to go,” he said.
“Go ahead.”
“Why not?”
An unknown alpha came striding into the room. In his glowing orange hand, he held his shield.
“Bedtime.”
Tony nodded, his smile dropping.
"Before the serum, I was told I was incapable."
Steve laughed softly.
“You scruffed me.”
“Steve, you’re losing weight.”
“Do you want us to make you waffles?” asked Rune happily.
*****
The sedatives and heavy metal bindings prevented whatever want or ability he had to search for her, forcing him into a reluctant calm.
The next morning Steve was surprised to see Tony had woken up before him. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. There was a stack of neatly folded clothes on the bedside table. He quickly changed. It was a simple outfit. Kacky cargo shorts, a blue v-neck t-shirt, and a pair of leather flip-flops. It wasn't something he'd normally wear but he was comfortable.
"I tried to get away."
“Yes,” he said.
Piper smiled brightly. “Really?”
*****
Beta read by AbsolutShenanigans
A towel was tossed at her. She dried off and took a moment to enjoy the fantastic feel of fresh, clean clothes. The small bliss was ruined when she was shoved to the ground. She didn't fight as her arms were forced behind her back again, nor even when she was muzzled.
“Yes, but the question is do think you are?”
“That would be perfect, Jarvis. At least I can depend on you,” she said.
He pulled up a chair and started flipping through the pages. The inventor lost track of time.
something I don't even understand in a day," said Piper.
“I’ll get him."
“See nothing to worry about,” said Phil before leaving.
"Of course."
He sat on the couch across from the aging beta.
“Lots of snow and ice. And it was cold. So cold. And windy.”
“Is there anywhere in New York you’d want to go before I have to take you back to S.H.I.E.L.D?” asked Tony.
“We’ll get your things from S.H.I.E.L.D tomorrow,” said Tony.
"Morning," he said.
"He's told me not to alert your father," said Jarvis.
He caught Red Snapper struggling with two Extremis soldiers. “Heartbreaker, help Red Snapper out.”
She smiled. They'd only been working together for a little more than a day, but she'd gotten to know the gruff alpha. He was really a big teddy bear.
Steve sat up, unable to stand in his confines.
“I’m worse.”
“To Stark Tower,” said Thor.
“A 1954 Cadillac Eldorado. One Elvis’s favorite cars.” Tony looked over at Steve. "Yours?"
“Germany”, said the agent.
“Yeah, I’m Tony’s boyfriend,” he said.
“So how’d it go?”
"Good."
“I’ll get them breakfast,” said Maria.
“Then trust that I love you and will tell you when the time is right. Please,” begged Steve.
Steve barely suppressed a chuckle.
She chucked another toy at him. He caught the block.
“Winter?”
He followed the order. This was completely out of his routine. Interaction with anyone except his handlers was frowned upon. Yet, now, Lena was encouraging just that.
"Steve? Did interrupt, sweetheart?"
It seemed perfectly fine to him. He shrugged. “It’s fine.”
Tony nodded.“I want an hourly report on his status."
“No, I’m a visionary. And I do own a maniac and he takes the stage tonight.”
Lena’s promises didn’t mean much but it was all she had to go on. As she was pulled out the door she whispered, “I’ll get us out.”
“This is your last chance to escape," said Natasha.
“Are you sure?” asked Tony.
“Someone used him as a weapon,” said Tony.
Steve was strapped into an aisle seat, watching the footage of the Hulk. The bears were nothing compared to this.
He pulled the blanket over her. Winter moved to the window looking into the room. Two henchmen strode alongside an older alpha. One was Rumlow. The alpha taunted him by tapping the window. Winter glared but did nothing to further ignite the challenge. Once the three alphas disappeared down the hall Piper sat up.
“One, two, three!” He tickled her.
It was secure here. Memories of last night came flooding back, causing him to slick. Tony moved his sleep. No, they both need time to recover after the previous night's activities. The growing warmth under his skin could be ignored for now.
“You don’t have to apologize.” Tony helped Steve from the floor, leading Steve back to bed.
Steve let him up. He moved away from Steve, fighting his alpha urge to comfort the omega. Steve remained seated in the broken glass.
It wouldn’t be a pleasant experience when his mate woke up.
"The Andy Griffith Show." It had become one of Steve's favorite tv shows.
“Not from here?” asked Matt.
“You’ve got him, Thor?” asked Steve.
“Sorry, sweetie,” he whispered.
“Right army,” he sighed.
Steve nodded.
“Says the forty-two year to the ninety-four-year-old."
Rumlow smiled.
“Boyfriend,” said Tony.
"My room." That much was clear to her, but she didn't know where her room was. It wasn't any of the ones she'd come to know in New York City or Malibu.
Theodore stood her up and wiped her mouth. She couldn’t stop herself from drooling. He returned them to the corner tucking her against his chest. Piper purred, nuzzling against him. Whenever she needed comfort Papa or Daddy would hold her like this, even if they were in the middle of doing something. Soon, she fell asleep.
“The accept his power, as a tool, not him.”
“We don’t gotta talk yet. I’ll just sit here, until you’re ready.”
“I am the king!” yelled Loki.
“How old are you?”
“Spill it,” said Tony. Personally, he wanted to kill the man. To get out some of the pent up aggression. No, he would save it for Killian. He would be the target of his rage.
"You won't have a choice."
Loki loved the way it sounded. It also left him bitter.
“It’s fine, Steve,” Edith said.
"Not as far as I wanted," said Steve.
*****
“Who is it, Jarvis?”
“You mean before I met the love of my life?”
“I should probably look into that. My decryption program finished breaking into all of S.H.I.E.L.D’s secures files,” said Tony, pulling his phone from his pocket.
Steve smiled.
“Where is she?!” Steve couldn't find her scent among the ash. Where was his baby?!
The alpha’s body posture changed to threatening.
Steve quietly went down the steps of the playroom. He paused when he heard Piper and Tony’s purring. Tony was rocking back and forth in the hammock chair with Piper was asleep on his chest. It was so much like when she was a baby. She loved sleeping on her dad's chest.
"How many stories do I get?”
“Classified.”
“I’m going to my nest,” he said.
“You’re deflecting, sweetheart,” said Tony.
"I was born this way. My parents were both super-powered in their own way. You must have super-powered parent or parents. That’s the easiest method but there aren’t many super people out there. I don’t know how else you’d get those power. Your powers don’t align with gamma radiation.”
Those memories were the only good thing Winter had. They were the only good he’d ever done. So, much had already been stolen from him. He wouldn’t allow this to be taken. Winter steadied himself enough to carve a message into the floor with his prosthetic arm. A precaution he hoped he wouldn’t need.
“This isn’t about personality profiles, anymore,” said Phil.
“Going to bed already?” asked Tony.
"No."
“Go away.”
He reached for him, needing to know if this was real. Relieved at the warmth of Alpha's skin under his palm.
On TV, a missile was speeding toward their home. The impact was immediate, sending them into the air. Tony sent his armor after Steve. He had to protect them.
“Yes.”
“Ah.”
“What did you learn?”
There was an indoor track there that was rarely used. They could walk there undisturbed. The large room was empty. Jarvis had sealed off all non-business floors of the tower. The elevator stopped at the gym. They slowly stepped onto the track. Steve took his hand, entwining their fingers.
“How high of a chance?” he asked.
“Yes.”
They nodded. Steve and Tony were lead on the stage. He tightened his hold on Tony’s hand when he saw the audience fill the seats. Tony squeezed his hand, reassuring him that everything was okay. He put on a smile, masking what he was he was truly feeling. The light came on, and the crowd applauded. Steve wanted to hide in Tony’s neck. He was fine with battle, but this was something new.
“You’re the head of a powerful agency, and you came here personally to show a three-year-old photos. You coulda got anyone to do that. Probably would have worked better if you did cause my parents don’t like you all that much right now. So I'm guessing the person you originally wanted to ask didn't find scary and refused, meaning it would have to be one of the Avengers. I say Aunt Nat refused. Or you thought this was just too important a task to let someone else do it. You wouldn’t have shown me that picture if the woman didn’t have some kind of involvement.”
"Ten in the morning, January 21st."
“Okay.” It was reasonable.
“Thank you, Tony. It’s perfect.”
History
“You must think me so old,” she said.
“I never thought virtuous Captain America would know what a sex toy is,” said Tony in false shock.
“I don’t have any cash,” said Steve.
Steve felt so cared for. So happy.
“How much do you know?” he asked nervously, wringing his hands.
“Hey, Phil,” he said.
The mug slipped from his hand. Before now he hadn’t really looked at Steve.
“You are not the omega I need to take care of. You made it clear that you don’t want that from me,” said Tony. That sent off an entirely new wave of anger.
A deep growl met the comment. It wasn’t Stark growling. Rogers looked readied to attack him at any moment if needed. The omega pulled the alpha all the closer. Only a thin blue line of his irises could be seen. The tension left him as soon as Tony ran his finger through his hair.
“Supplies I asked Coulson to pick up. It’s been a long day. I’m going to get some sleep. You should, too,” said Steve.
“You don’t have to go out of your way. I don’t want to impose. I can drive myself most places,” said Steve.
"Hopefully, we'll be hearing a lot more of it. As much I love having her back, I'm under no illusion that she'll be okay," said Tony. It would be expecting too much. For all her brains, she was still a child.
“Looks like she isn’t coming,” said Steve.
He quickly pecked the alpha.
“I don’t see how.”
“Has it?” asked Tony.
“I’m so sorry, Peg,” said Steve.
"You don't seem too interested in it."
"No."
Turner took a breath. This issue had been dormant for some time now. One session wouldn't be enough to lift Steve of this burden. They moved on, touching on easier topics.
“I didn’t use phones often. My apartment in Brooklyn at the time had a community phone. It was next to my landlord’s room, so I tried to avoid using it,” said Steve.
In simple terms, Schrödinger states that if you place a cat and something that could kill the cat (a radioactive atom) in a box and sealed it, you would not know if the cat was dead or alive until you opened the box, so that until the box was opened, the cat was (in a sense) both "dead and alive".
“A husband in the military and a little boy,” said Natasha.
He instantly at the first letter of what she was going to say.
Winter didn't fight as he was manhandled into a standing position. Pierce grabbed his face, forcing him to look up.
"How are we, Jarvis?"
“Fuck!”
"We almost broke up because you did?!"
"Ignore him," said Thor.
A hammer slammed against his chest bringing him to the ground. He shot back at Thor, sending the god into a tree. With a kick, he sent the rival alpha all the way through. Thor raised his hammer, lighting shot from the sky, coursing through his armor. The charge was so intense he was unable to move.
what happens?
Gosh, how I do love a good cliffhanger...
And the chapter is done!
, only timing was wrong, so…
“Glad to be of service” Bucky smiled, winking at Peter after he’d said it. Peter smiled at his Uncle and avoided the crumpled napkin his Dad had thrown at him.
As fun as the night with his friends had been, however, Peter knew he had some important things to do the morning after. So he woke up early enough and swung to the Tower, going straight to the gym to train some of his nervous energy off. Despite the insanely early hour, the young Avenger wasn’t surprised when, near the end of his training, he heard someone going inside the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
I think that's all, I'll 'see' you all on Saturday!
Btw, I just saw Endgame and... oh my God. I... dude, INSANE. I love Marvel 3000. (Also, I'll rant about it in the new story I will publish on Wednesday!)
Yayyy! Ned is finally finding the identity of Peter's Dads! Now, will everything go well?
“Sure thing” Michelle nodded “. Tell Shuri to come along, I’ll need someone to balance all the nerd in the room”
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys thought!
Peter receives a surprise visit
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did” Peter confirmed, knowing his Uncle had most likely told his father about their training to subtly tell Steve the youngest superhero was going through something… Peter doubted Bucky had said anything other than that “. I came by the Tower early, needed to get some steam off”
going to wonder what would’ve happened if things had been different, if Harry hadn’t been so tormented, if Norman had never decided to hunt Peter down… he wondered, although only sometimes, if Harry and his friends would’ve been able to put aside their differences, if they could all be friends now. Fruitless thoughts and imaginations, but Peter’s mind was never completely free from those.
I really liked writing this chapter, and things are just getting more complicated and angsty!
Oh my God, I'm so happy to be posting again! I still have to write a lot to catch up, but I could prepare this chapter for you all!
Peter has to go back to school and face his new life...
Peter has defeated Scarecrow, but will he be okay? And where is he?
“Which is…?” MJ pressed on.
Leave comments, please! They motivate me and light up my day! And see you soon!
… maybe not bring back, but talk? Just talk, just make sure they were okay… he guessed death took that from you, some security, some comfort, the feeling of everything being okay, of
He needed a moment to absorb it all before putting further thought into their wedding.
"You don't have to go into graphic detail, only enough so she understands."
(See the end of the chapter for
An hour of sleep. Everything about him was enhanced; unfortunately, that included his pregnancy symptoms. Tony was a frequent victim of his mood swings. The alpha became very adept a dodging his shield. He got to his feet. Steve brushed his teeth. He'd grown tired of the taste of toothpaste and mouthwash. Hunger drove him to the kitchen. He nibbled on some crackers. In the living area was his nesting couch. When Tony got him for it, he doubted he used it, but he spent hours in it every day. It was tempting to gather some snacks and settle back down. He had to check on Tony. Lately, he hadn’t been able to pay as close attention to the alpha as he wanted. When stricken with morning sickness, he didn’t want anyone anywhere near him. He went to the lab. Dum-E and U greeted him. He patted each of the robots. Steve tossed a screwdriver, and two bots went chasing after it. The lab was a mess. Steve bit his lip. He so wanted to clean it up. Tony was particular about his lab.
Peter frowned and directed his eyes to the phone, feeling his heart stop just a bit when he realized what he was reading… an article. An article was written by MJ. An article was written by MJ - and she talked about
His parents hummed, arms going around his smaller frame in a way that was already muscle-memorized. With all the reflecting Peter had done just that day, he surprised himself by thinking he barely remembered a time his parents weren’t there (relationship with them decent or not). They had been back in his life for close to a decade now, and Peter had spent thirteen years without them, without any type of contact… but he couldn’t remember a time they hadn’t been there. He, realistically, could remember times where the arms around him had been his parents’, and Ben and May’s… and yet, now he couldn’t help but think his fathers’ presence had always been there. They had always been there, if anything spiritually.
And tell me what you guys thought!
but, was he?
Angst is coming...
Oh, it's here. Bring. It. On.
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you all enjoyed the chapter! I decided to give you a little bit of fluff before all the angst. Quick heads up: Ned and May will have their moments pretty, pretty soon, so... be prepared, that's all I'll say ;)
So, a few things: first, sorry for not uploading last week. I had a tough week, full of projects and readings and whatnot, and I didn't find the time to write. Even more so, the time I did have I used it to sleep because believe me, I needed. To know something important about this story, however, please read the note at the end. Thanks!
As for IW... a lot of you have given me support, and some of you even ideas. So, it's not like I can confirm I'll do it, but I'm going to think about it, definitely. And I'll tell you what I decide soon enough.
“It may have been a while”
“Fine” Peter grumbled, letting his Aunt leave in search of Cho. Shuri put a hand on his arm, squeezing his bicep comfortingly.
Q: Where are you guys from? Let me know!
That's it, keep reading
Gosh, so sorry, I've been a mess lately. College in Europe is more exigent than in America, and the workload is more... a lot more. I try to write as much as I can, but sometimes I'm too tired to do so... so if you guys are patient, then I'll love you all forever
(See the end of the chapter for
enjoy the chapter!
Hi! So, new chapter! Because I won't be able to upload tonight (my tonight, that is), I decided to upload a little bit sooner. And, because I uploaded the last one on... Monday, I think? Well, I thought about uploading today. Especially because I don't know if I'll be able tomorrow.
Peter nodded once again, smiling gently to her in that way that always made MJ’s heart melt a little “. Just… next time, can you warn me? I know you couldn’t do it now, and I understand, but… next time a heads up would be nice. I can even give you some exclusive information. Deal?”
ALSO, leave comments and kudos, if you may!
Just remember, before you start reading:
PLEASE leave kudos AND comments! they really make my day and they motivate me to go on with this story!
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
That being said, please enjoy this chapter, and leave a comment!
Harry had worked
Please let me know what you thought in the comments, and also, if there's something specific you guys want to see, feel free to tell me! Thank you for reading!
Please make sure to leave a comment and tell me what you thought of the chapter!
“Seems like he was born for this, huh?”Harry closed his eyes in annoyance, pinching the bridge of his nose and throwing his head back while doing so.
(See the end of the chapter for
” Michelle resumed “, is that it?”
But the next chapter is finally here! AND being back in class has inspired me a lot! Yay!
Shuri has some news for Peter as well
Hi guys!
(See the end of the chapter for
be able to change. Death is irreversible, and we can’t play with that. No one can, not even the Gods you have for Uncles,
And the chapter is done!
Sorry to all of the people who also read my other story. I got so much into this one, and I've been focusing on write this story, not the one shots/mini-stories, so... sorry haha.
“Yeah, Norman built it after Harry’s Mom passed, but… I know Harry didn’t totally like it. The only good thing is that he’s close to his Mom, I guess” his parents stayed silent after that, letting him take the next step, which he appreciated. Sighing, the youngest superhero of the three moved to the couch, letting his parents sit at either side of him, a fake cocoon of protection Peter had subconsciously (and desperately) needed “. I think I realized something today. But I don’t know if it’s okay”
“On my way” Steve nodded, already leaving with Bucky. Tony ignored the other members of the team and the cameras that were surely filming everything (those fucking vultures, his mind provided) and flew faster than he’d ever done to the Tower’s med bay, which had been only slightly damaged in the explosion that had taken place not even an hour before.
Hiiii!
PLEASE tell me in the comments what you guys thought of it! it seriously keeps me going. also, if you have any prompt for superfamily one-shots, please don't be afraid to tell me. aaaalso, a quick remark: i know the age of peter's identity reveal doesn't match up with ffh, or the trip to europe. in truth, i wrote this before ffh came out, so i didn't know what was gonna happen. hence, it doesn't add up and, while it still happened like in the movie (the identity reveal), the events leading up to it were slightly different. hope it makes sense.
“That’s good” he agreed. His friends didn’t stay too long after that, all too aware Peter was still a bit overwhelmed, and they already had that they’d gone for, some type of confirmation that Peter was okay. Harley had gone to the Tower after Peter’s insistence, and Shuri had gone with him after making Peter promise he was going to be okay and going to the Tower shortly after. The genius promised so and let everyone leave - except one person, reaching out to grab her arm to stop her from leaving the apartment “. Hey, MJ. Can you stay for a minute?”
It's been a while, huh? God, I'm so sorry for taking this long, but I sort of needed to take a step back. Truth is, the pandemic was truly overwhelming and messed my already unstable mental health even more... I started to write for fun and to disconnect, and sadly I stopped writing as much in this fic. It didn't help, either, that I simply wasn't happy with the ending I had decided on... it felt rushed, and not genuine. It didn't felt right, you know?
Bucky finds out
Green Goblin had told him: no one knew who could be getting hurt
(See the end of the chapter for
Bam! There it is
“No, Papa, I need to say this now” Peter insisted “. Trust me, it’ll make me sleep better, okay? I need to get this off my chest”
(See the end of the chapter for
What happens now?
“I’m not the murderer here” Harry pointed out, and then nodded towards the Vulture “. Let’s end this now”
“I know, man, but I meant… a safe copy. Y’all don’t have one of those?”
Also, what is happening with Michelle?
Bucky has returned, and thus, they all move on.
“Yeah, I figured he would” the superhero softly laughed at the image of Bucky Barnes going all overprotective and mother hen, probably with Steve right behind him, staring at whoever that thought about discussing Bucky’s point. It was also possible Tony was behind Steve, ready to blast anyone who insisted on talking about what had happened. It was sweet, if only a bit psychotic. But Peter could appreciate that “. Do you mind if we stay here for a bit longer though? Being here is really helping clear my mind some”
“You really did” Pepper nodded “, but you were pulling a Tony, and besides, the meeting wasn’t that urgent back then, and you were swamped with other smaller meetings and conferences”
“That they were” Natasha nodded “. But don’t forget you’re their kid, Peter. Every one of their best qualities you’ve inherited… you are the best possible combination of them, and their legacy. I know this may seem stressful, and it is, but don’t forget you belong here”
“You know anything yet?” Ned asked, already sitting on the couch and zapping through the channels in search of an update on the matter. Shuri sighed and sat on the individual couch next to the one everyone was slowly starting to sit at.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi guys!
“Harry…?” He asked, too scared to mutter anything else. The husbands exchanged glances, knowing they had to be honest with their kid and yet hating to deliver the news. It wasn’t necessary though, because Peter seemed to know just by looking at them, casting his eyes down to his lap “. Do people know?”
“Yeah well, Sam struggled but I ended up pulling his weight and saving his ass, as usual” Bucky said, winking towards Peter. Sam scoffed at his partner and shook his head.
not much i want to say here, but i'll definitely have some words at the end. anyway... please enjoy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
Peter also knew Shuri would not take long, most likely was already on her way, so he made his way to the kitchen and made some ice tea for them, leaving it on their coffee table and choosing to just observe the street, full of life and ignorant of everything that was going on in Peter’s mind - actually, it would’ve been quite weird if they knew it. And sort of invasive.
And Michelle had learned to read him better, which was nice, too. She’d done that before, but after the War Peter had learned to hide more things
So, we got the Winter Soldier! It'll take over the next couple of chapters, maybe. One or two, max. I know you want to see Peter, but believe me: this part of the story is just as important. I tried to keep some original dialog, but, obviously, I changed it a bit, too.
“Right” Michelle murmured “. It felt bad accepting to do the article, too, if that makes you feel better… I thought, just for a moment, I was being asked to write it just because we’d been together at one point and everyone knows we’re still close. And you know, Peter, I’m not an idiot… I know that influenced my boss’s decision to give me the article, if anything because people would click the article if they saw Spider-Man’s ex had written it. I know that. But I also know this is what I’m here for, and I know I’ve worked incredibly hard to have opportunities like this. And I’m going to keep working as hard, and accepting articles I feel I deserve because just like you, I want to be the person I’m destined to be. And if that means… if that means writing things about you, then I’ll have to do it. At least until I can refuse and write about something else instead”
What is he going to say?
“We figured so,” Tony said this time. He stayed silent for a beat, and then “. Kid, we know what today is… and if you don’t want to talk about it, it’s fine, but… we just want to make sure you’re okay”
Hey guys
Soooo Peter has made some decisions... let me know if you guys liked them or not haha
Hi guys!
Bye, love you all!
Well, byeee!
“No need to thank me, Peter. Thank
“Good evening, gentlemen,” he said, smiling coldly at them “. I am pleased to say our plan is seemingly working successfully… Peter has stepped down as the heir of the biggest empires in this country and for what I’ve gathered from today, it’s going to stay like that. He doesn’t believe in Stark Industries, or the stupid Avengers anymore. Now is our time- our time to show the world what a fraud Peter is”
So, here's why I decided to make Peter fight and defeat Scarecrow on his own: I think it was fundamental for his character to grow. Don't get me wrong, this doesn't mean things are going to be peachy after this, oh no, angst is still coming, buuuuut, I reeeally thought this was the only outcome of the story with Scarecrow. Peter needed to do this to realize some things that will be talked about pretty soon, and I just didn't want the bigger superheroes going to save Spiderman's ass. What is cool about Spidey is that he's a badass who can totally defeat guys like Scarecrow if he focuses on it (also, he did have some help from his family, thanks to the slip Wanda had about the guy's name). Anyway, yeah. That was long, but I really wanted to make it clear haha
“You can count on it” Peter laughed, standing up when one of his best friends did so as well “. Coffee tomorrow? Ned wanted to try a new one”
Hello again!
Now, I don't want to tire you guys all out with this A/N (and who knows if someone even read it), but: I didn't post on Wednesday because I was trying to spread the word about BLM in my other socials. Now that I am posting here, I think I should do the same thing here, because, no matter the size, I do have a platform. So: if you want to go and protest, do it, but please, be safe. I can't go, mainly because there are no protests where I live (again, not in the US, or even America). But there are other ways in which you can help.
Steve nodded.
"A large team will draw too much attention. It will be better to go in with a small squad. Natasha, Captain Rogers, one of my men, and I will make up that group. Rumlow you and your men will provide backup,” said Neema.
“Miss me?”
“You don’t remember,” she said. She laughed. “Why am I not surprised?”
“What?” he asked.
“Not ignoring you, protecting you.”
She let go of him, going down the slide to the house. Piper found her parents' room and turned the knob, only to find it locked. She put her ear to the door to make sure her parents weren’t doing anything yucky, but there was only the quiet sound of them breathing.
Steve turned red, focusing on his bagel. Why was he even blushing? How she'd know?
“How can I be pissed at you, Tony? I’m here to thank you. You’ve given the greatest gift anyone has ever given me, desperation. If you think back to Switzerland you said you meet me on the rooftop. Well, for the first twenty minutes I actually thought you’d show up. For the next hour I consider taking that one step short cut to the lobby if you know what I mean?” he said.
“Natasha, no. I'm grateful the option is open to me, but I want my baby." No matter how terrifying the prospects of raising a child were.
“Can anyone see me from here?”
"Nothing is open," said Steve. He looked through cabinets for something to eat, finding several boxes of spaghetti and a jar of sauce. “How does spaghetti sound?”
Tony woke up. Steve back was pressed against his chest. He peeled away from Steve, getting out of bed. It would be hours until Steve woke up. He quietly walked to the bathroom quickly showering. Tony had to go to the store or there be hell to pay. He walked over to the bed. Steve was spread on his stomach, snoring. His hair a mess, but he couldn't look more beautiful.  He placed a gentle kiss on Steve's temple before leaving.
The sound pleased his instinct to protect.
“I love you, Tony.”
"Can we do more than just a refurbish?" asked Piper.
"I was only doing what was right."
“You’re deliberately leaving us in the dark.”
"Home, will you miss me?"
“You’re a smart girl. You know that’s not what I meant. Let’s start again. How did you feel before the incident?” asked Lena.
“Please, tell me they’re of age,” said Pepper, pinching the bridge of her nose.
"That," said Tony pointing to the screen.
“What happened to him?” The boy sat next to his suit playing with its fingers.
“Tony, make it stop!” growled Steve.
“Not a great plan. When they come and they will. They’ll come for you,” said Tony.
“You have to narrow your field. How many spectrometers do you have accesses to?” asked Banner.
“What?!”
"Nope, that wouldn't be fair. Come on," said Steve dragging his husband out of bed.
Tony was already walking to the elevator. He groaned. Rhodes found him after his break up with Pepper. It was a fucking mess trying to get him into a stable state. He couldn’t imagine what it would be like with Steve. The two had been together a month maybe, but the way they were around each other made it seem longer. It would be catastrophic. That could drive Tony to do something dramatic to escape it. Only time would tell if what would happen.
“Come in,” he said.
“Steve, can’t breathe.” He quickly released him.
“You’re all I got.” She really was all he had. So, Piper cracked open the book, instantly becoming lost in the text. As long as she had a task she was fine, he’d noticed. He zoned out as she read.
Steve braced himself before laying on the bed and putting his feet in the stirrups. She draped a paper sheet over his legs.
Tony bit his lip. He couldn't take Steve. The press would get wind of this if they hadn't already. Exposing to Steve to that level of attention when he was so vulnerable.
“So - you’re sure you’re okay?” he asked.
“Fine, but we leave as soon as you get what you need,” said Clint.
“Eat.”
Piper shivered. She struggled to fight back the reaction. Her eyes shut.
The defeat in Piper’s eyes was clear. That spark of ever-present hope had faded from her blue eyes. She lay, a deflated mess, in the chair, whimpering. Tears streamed down her cheek.
He brought her back into a hug. She cuddled close to him. Listening to his heart, beating. It was so safe within his embrace. How could she have ever doubted its safety?
“Three broken ribs, broken collar bone, torn my left rotator cuff again, two broken fingers, broken cheekbone, and a concussion," said Tony.
“It’s also related to sir,” said Jarvis.
"Will you tell what he said?"
“I think so. How about you?” asked Rune.
“What?” said Tony.
“Is that the end?”
“Mr. Stark?”
“You don’t see it do you,” said Natasha.
Bruce pulled up to the lavish mansion in the rust bucket of a truck he bought. The gas mileage was horrible, but it got him to where he was going. The front gates opened and he pulled into the driveway. Stark was waiting out front. He was surprised that his appearance did earn some sort of snide comment.
"Don't push yourself." She put a large cup of coffee in his hand. Tony had truly impressed her. He'd remained calm, the entire duration of the surgery. For most alphas, the situation would be impossible.
“We have to do this. For both our healths.”
"Not interested," said Tony.
“Can’t…Can’t breathe.”
“Mommy!”
Steve took his phone from his back pocket, selecting Turner’s number. The beta picked up on the first ring.
“Now.”
“He’s waiting on the medical floor,” said Jarvis.
“Adorable isn’t he,” said Peggy.
“Funny, you actually think it will be a challenge. It’s child’s play. I could do it in my sleep,” said Tony.
“Tony.”
Steve nodded.
“And I could have been born an idiot. Don’t let what could have happened get to you.”
“Tony."
“There’s no reason to panic, Steve. Sir, has become lost in a project,” said Jarvis.
“Do I have to worry about you having illegitimate pups running around?” asked Steve.
“Piper?”
“Not you. There’s always a reason,” she said. Peggy sipped delicately from her teacup. “I haven’t seen that look in some time."
Tony tensed when saw a figure in his room. He tapped on his watch face. It transformed into a gauntlet.
It made his stomach turn. Instinct demanded he fix it, comfort her. Before he knew what he was doing, he was kneeling by the child, wiping away her tears. She smiled tentatively, leaning into his touch without fear. Then the pup jumped him! Yet, he remained relaxed even as her arms wrapped around his neck.
Fury was relieved at the man’s agitation. Stark may not be as sharp-minded as usual. Fury might not have to reveal the true reason Hydra wanted Steve at this moment. He could easily be distracted.
"Tony," he whimpered.
"You work fast," she said, aiming a glare at Tony.
“Okay.”
“No, it’s not something Papa and I are proud of.”
He groaned when a coded message from his superiors appeared on his phone.
“Winter!”
They went downstairs to the entranceway.
“At first I forgot I was wearing it, but even when I realized I was still wearing I couldn’t take it off,” said Steve. He nuzzled closely to the alpha’s neck.
“Let me,” said Tony.
“Why didn’t you break me out of it?”
Piper felt she owed him. For the Beta. Even though she hated what he did; it was scary. She wanted to make up for it somehow. But he wouldn’t let her.
Rhodes turned into the Stark tower. He stopped by the Donut Pub and picked up a box. Tony always had a sweet tooth. Sugar was one of the best ways to distract him. He pulled in to garage door.
“Nightmares?”
“Stop, please stop,” begged Winter. But it didn’t get through.
“Yeah, another reason why Bucky was always around me. He was worried one of the bigger thugs would take advantage of me. The Irish Mob kept trying to recruit him, but he always told them no. Buck was too smart for that,” said Steve.
“I’m not a super-soldier I don’t heal instantly, but someone can simply unplug me and I’m gone. I've endured it before. I don't want that worry looming over us. You have a voice in this if you say no I won’t go forward with it.”
"No, one will believe that," he said.
“Rock paper scissors?”
Steve enjoyed Tony’s straightforwardness.
Winter’s jaw clenched. It was the most likely possibility. And if so, the danger level was even greater.
Steve took a breath. He had to call Tony without sending him into a panic. Steve slowly lowered himself into a chair. There was no way of doing this without panicking him. He called his mate.
“Piper.”
“Legal intern at Landman and Zack,” said Matt.
“You want something to eat,” asked Tony.
“Wow,” said Rhodes.
“Do you know the fastest way to tame a horse?” she asked.
“It’s nice to meet you, Rune,” said Natasha.
“With me, Piper.”
Steve kissed Tony goodbye before leaving the car. The alpha sped off. He went to Barny’s office. The doctor sat in his favorite leather chair.
“What did he have to say?”
Steve yawned loudly.
“We twelve hours. Eighteen at most before he’s moving again,” said Steve. He could only base those number off his own experience.
"Jarvis, didn't tell you?"
"Rumlow, we need access to Winter's enclosure now!" screamed a voice over his walkie.
“It will give me some time to paint,” he said.
Steve shoved his hand in his pockets, not wanting drawl upon his nightmare.
“I could hurt you.”
"That's a bit over your head, Piper. It's easier to just follow your commands. Winter has accepted that."
“Five hours.”
Steve couldn't put into words how nice it was to hear that from someone a bit more outside of his normal social group.
"It's impressive, her responding to your command like that. For her to accept it means she considers you equivalent of family. Of course, that's beyond your comprehension."
“Trading cards?”
“Jarvis ready my armor.”
She understood her actions fully and weighed the consequences. Piper didn’t regret it. There was little they could do to change her mind. If they did, it would only strengthen her stance.
"Why? He's helped you through so much. Steve, your Tony's paths have already intertwined so deeply. I don't believe that Mr. Stark believes you a burden. And I'm sure if he were to intend one of our sessions he would tell you that," said Barny.
"Yes, but after you do, I want you to leave us. They have to come and talk to me on their own. It may take me weeks to gain enough of their trust to even start taking the steps to treat them. You'll have to be patient."
“When that thing gets up to speed you’ll get shredded,” said Steve. The idea nearly made him sick.
“Yes.”
“She’s a doctor,” said Steve. “I would like you to talk to her.”
“If I see you approaching that breaking point, you’ll do the same,” said Steve.
“Let me find it, beautiful,” said Tony.
“She’s been cleared, but I haven’t ordered her release yet,” said Fury. Dr. Zemo’s calmness, given her situation, was impressive but incriminating. She only showed some emotion while Rumlow was interrogating her. Once it was over, she regained her composure.
Carl told her about his mother and her penguins. The story was too much of a coincidence. Or was she being overly paranoid?
“Steve.”
“Why?! Jarvis, not my idea. What are we doing here? This is thousands of miles away. I’ve got to get Steve.”
Steve was going to enjoy this while he could. He sat next to Tony, leaning against the alpha's side. Tony's hand carded through his hair. He began to purr. The alpha effortlessly drew the sound from him. They stay like that for the entire flight.
“Winter is exceptional too. I’m sure he survived,” she whispered. Piper had to believe that. He just couldn’t be dead.
She cuddled up against him.
Steve stretched out in his seat. "Already?"
“It’s beautiful Anthony."
“Later,” he said with a smirk.
Nat rolled her eyes. How could she think he had control over such an alpha. Steve took the museum ticket from his jacket, tucking it carefully into his wallet. He leaned against the car door watching the scenery pass by.
He gathered the child from the table. He paused at the door, still focused, as usual, on the mission.
“Watch it,” warned Tony in a low tone.
“What should I do with this then?” asked Happy as he took an engagement ring from his pocket.
“Where to?” asked Happy.
“I’ll call him before I go,” he said.
Steve enjoyed it for a minute longer, before pulling away. He'd indulged enough. Steve got to his feet, only to stumble forward from dizziness. Tony caught him.
“And what will it need to be activated?” asked Tony.
"Could you get my prenatal vitamins from my motorcycle saddlebag?" asked Steve.
“I was wondering when she would ask. Why now?”
Tony flinched.
birdeens
“Eat.”
“Any of those sounds good to me, I'm not picky. You’ll have to order at least three times what you normally get,” said Steve. A slight blush formed on his cheeks.
“Put it on,” said Steve.
“Stay with me."
"Didn't need to tell me that, sweetie,"
It was filled with photos.
Tony stayed up a few hours after Steve had gone to sleep, listening to Steve’s gentle breaths. It had been so long since he’d seen his mate in such a peaceful sleep. Eventually, he fell asleep to that image.
Steve opened his eyes slightly when Tony's pampering hands stopped moving. Was he done already? He was tempted to return the favor but lacked the confidence to follow through. He turned, kissing Tony briefly before leaving the tub. Steve quickly wrapped a towel around his waist.
Maybe he could distract Tony. They went to the penthouse. Tony wrapped a scarf around him, pulling him into a kiss.  The two bundled up. He took Tony’s hand and led him to the elevator. Steve kept his head down as they went down sidewalks. The smell of pine needles, peppermint, and hot chocolate saturated the air. He smiled. A lot has changed since he woke up, but the smell of the holidays hadn’t. The vendor at the tree lot was selling hot chocolate. Tony bought them two cups. Steve took them, knowing Tony's strange quirk of not liking being handed things. They walked through a maze of trees. Circular lines of lights were strung above them. Tony stopped them.
“How would you like to get out of here for a few hours”, said Clint.
Happy chuckled. "I can't believe it."
"How is it possible?" said Steve.
*****
“You'll be okay. I've called Dr. Turner. He'll be here sometime this morning."
The scientists hurriedly left them. When they were out of sight he relaxed. His preheat was making him irritable. “What happens next?” asked Steve.
"So are you."
“Love you too.”
“They’re gone, Tony, relax,” said Steve.
“Have you ate yet?” asked Steve.
Steve’s heart was crushed when he saw Piper’s devastated expression. When he stepped towards her, she ran through the child-sized entrance, leading the playground.
“I do, Piper. I really do.”
Tony jolted from the peace of the work when the stench of bleach and burnt sugar pierced the welding mask. He quickly turned. Steve was a shade paler and shaking. His head was down his shoulders were hunched. He rushed to him, cupping Steve’s face in his hands. Tony touched their foreheads together.
January 12, 2013
“You better. I can’t drag you to bed anymore.”
She started building. By three in the morning, she'd gotten a fair amount of the mountainscape done. Staring at it, she couldn't help thinking about Winter.
“What’s all that white?”
“It’s beautiful, Tony. Thank you."
Steve woke to the sounds of Tony’s nightmare.
“Captain Rogers,” said the beta.
“No, it’s a hunk of wood,” said Piper.
Steve blushed. "Worth waiting for?"
“We’re here,” said the driver.
“You aren’t."
“I’ve never been wrong. Do you wish it to be a surprise?” asked Thor.
"You should have. You missed out on a wonderful time," Steve replied heatedly.
Steve was almost tempted. "No, it's time to wake up. Both of you out of bed and Piper brush your teeth."
"And what if turns out to be nothing? We're at a standstill again."
“Take her back,” said Lena.
“She must have been a great cook,” said Tony.
“Please, let him be okay."
“I can go home?” said Steve.
"We have plenty of time," said Steve. He pushed into his alpha, enjoying the closeness. "Tony."
“What?” asked Steve, with a cute tilt of his head.
Steve nodded before giving into sleep. Waking up when heard footsteps on the roof of the plane.
“Do you blame him?” he asked.
Steve looked over the material Alpha gathered, giving an excited yip of approval, earning a broad smile from his alpha. There was such a wide array of options. He took his time building their nest, making sure everything was perfectly placed. Tony sat by the entrance of their den, which provided a new level of comfort. The result was a large nest built of blanket, comforters, pillows, and couch cushions. He rubbed his cheek against of soft blanket, transferring his scent. It was perfect. He spread out in the center.
“Kneel,”
“Sir, Directory Fury is coming up,” said Jarvis.
“Yes.” Maybe it would be better for him to reach his own definition. “Did you want to get back here, more than you normally do?”
More tears.
Tony pulled up the information he had retrieved from the flash drive. It was a complicated worm program, but Jarvis’s firewall had protected his system from being infected. Not many people could program something like this. When the flash drive was inserted, it erased everything on the computer’s hard drive and then destroyed itself. The only trace it left was destruction. Just the worm. Another fucking dead end! At least, he didn't have to break the news to Steve.
"Watch Stark. A toddler can get away with it but have no qualms about tazing you. Actually, it would make my day," warned Fury.
“Don’t lie to me if you don’t have to, even if you think it’s for a good reason like not wanting hurt or bother me. I’m as honest as I can be with you. I expect the same from you.”
"When was the last the Dodgers won the world series?"
“You’re going to get all muddy,” Piper warned.
“You’ll do fine,” he said.
“You really think I’m capable of beating someone so much bigger than me?”
“So how long will it take?” asked Steve. He hoped it would be long enough to buy him a second visit.
Steve forced down a laugh. "Well, thanks."
Edith and Bruce were quick to scatter.
From the changing table, he took a pump. He frowned but took it from its place. Steve returned to the shelter of his studio, locking the door behind him. He settled in the love seat and set up the machine. Steve growled at the sensation. It went against his omega nature to not nurture his pup naturally. He clutched the armrest and ignored the instinct. By the time he was done he was agitated. He gathered the bottles, putting them in the fridge. Then cleaned the pump before returning his studio. He twitched disturbingly unable to be still. Steve grabbed the cleaning supplies from underneath the dump sink and started thorough cleaning the room.
“When will we get the autopsy report?”
“Okay, Papa.”
His head was screaming and the room was spinning.
“Jarvis, if Bruce is awake tell him breakfast is ready.”
*****
“I want the damage to their cell repaired by the time I return. While you’re at it give them both a good scrub. Clean the cell too.”
“He has my family.” The sting of saying it aloud was reeling.
“Steve, you have to stop blaming yourself. No one else does,” said Tony. He couldn’t stay with Steve. His fingers were twitching to work.
"There's a doctor in China, Wu that can do it."
“Any viruses?”
Tony moved beside him, kissing him. Steve pulled away resting his head on the alpha's shoulder. Tony's arm wrapped around his shoulder.
“Don’t!” warned Steve.
“What about the car?” he asked.
“I have no regrets about marrying you.”
"Before we begin, if I do anything to make you feel uncomfortable, tell me, and I'll stop," said Edith. Steve nodded. “Can you raise your shirt for me?”
“Hey, sweetheart,”
Clint tensed. There had to be more. He took a pair of specialized binoculars from his bag. The lenses picked up on heat signature from the approaching reinforcements. There had to be about twenty. They were slowly making their way there, clearly unaccustomed to such mountainous terrain.
“I do but you don’t need this,” he said.
“So, you know biology?”
Rhodes chuckled that one blunder had broken the ice and his shock. The captain was what he expected outside of the suit kind and gentlemanly. It made sense now. God, knows the horrors the man had seen, yet he managed to stay the same. It was surprising he didn't have an episode sooner.
She smiled.
Steve and Tony are worried about their kid
“How are you, J?” Bucky asked, as kindly as his voice allowed. Peter lost his smile then, knowing his Uncle had been the one to take him away from Harry, that it’d been Bucky (once again) the one to see him at his very worst. Because of exactly that, Peter knew he could be completely honest with his Uncle, tell him everything he hadn’t dared to tell his parents to not worry them.
bye, love you 3000!
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
By the way, I totally forgot to mention, but: on the new work (not the sequel, the story with the one-shots), it's also possible to ask for a story that would take something that already happened and change it! For example, let's say you guys want to know what would've happened if they didn't search for Peter when he was fifteen; things like that. Alright, with that being said, enjoy the chapter!
PLEASE leave a comment, and kudos if you want/can!
Enjoy!
, and I have to think about becoming the leader of the Avengers in a few years, and I have to think about figuring out the mess I made at S.I and expanding even more the new wing. We have to stop thinking about us as a couple and just… give that chapter of our lives closure. If something else ever happens, then… that could be organic, right? It could be because it’s meant to be”
Okay, bye!
And... did May hear right? Peter is... Spiderman?
to make that joke
Aaaanyway, PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can/want!
, Thor and Loki were now younger than him in Asgardian years but… they didn’t acknowledge that, at all. No one ever did). On the other hand, however…
So, um... hey *hides behind the computer* please don't kill me! I already said it was going to be sad AND dramatic!
Tony and Steve gave Peter away, so it's only the two of them. More than ten years after, Steve discovers his best friend is still alive, albeit in the hands of HYDRA, so he fights to get him back. Now, Peter is fifteen, and Bucky is home in the Tower. Thor:Ragnarok has happened, because I wanted him and Bruce (and Loki, sue me) to be in the Penthouse during this.
Not so much to say, except that this is one of my favourite stories... and, REALLY IMPORTANT, read the note I just wrote just above this one. I need to know to know how I continue this story!!
And the chapter is completed!
And the chapter is done!
“Buck told me to be careful and to hope everything was going to be okay,” she said, crossing her arms over her chest elegantly “. He promised he was going to take care of whatever Peter is doing, but I know nothing else”
(See the end of the chapter for
You guys didn't comment that much of my latest chapter, so I'd really like to know if you guys liked it.
“I think it’s wrong to think that way, MJ” Peter said, interrupting her thoughts “. I do think we worked together… until we didn’t. And when that happened it was heartbreaking, as much as I knew breaking up was the only thing we could do to salvage this friendship. And right now… right now I think we have to give ourselves closure, M. I have to work on myself, I have to be okay with it before anything else can happen with
Let me know in the comments, please. Okay, love you all 3000! Please stay safe!
So I was stuck with that idea, and then I had an epiphany... this book was about Peter's journey, and a part of that was his journey with mental health and having healthy relationships. So, I decided PeterxTherapy sounded pretty damn good... at least for now.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bye, and thank you so much for reading!
I know, big cliffhanger! Sorry about it hehe. Enjoy the chapter!
“You’d be right at that one” Bucky agreed “, and Sam has told me every news outlet is speaking about it - just so you know,
“I won’t” Peter promised him, which was half true “, I trust them… besides, Uncle B would kill me if I didn’t let him do”
(See the end of the chapter for
After this I've been working on a one shot. I still have to finish it, but I don't have a lot left. I don't know when I'm going to upload it, because this week everyone is going to be focusing on Infinity War, myself included.
Hope you enjoyed! I know it's shorter than what I usually upload, but this is a short story. There'll be more chapter than usual, but shorter. Hopefully I can upload soon. I don't know how many chapters are going to be, but I hope you liked this first one!
Hi guys!
“Maybe - at least, distraught. He will be confused and unsure of what is happening, so it is vital you calm him down. Try to not speak loudly and keep an even tone of voice”
“Fine, I guess” he shrugged “. It sucks, because I’m going to miss Shur, but I understand why she’s doing this, and I think it’s more than okay”
Another battle threatening to destroy New York
“And it worked” Shuri completed for him “. You two are closer than ever”
Also, Peter is being... Peter
Hi! Hope you guys are enjoying the story so far.
“I’m guessing you weren’t expecting me, of all people,” Spider-Man said, almost in a sing-song voice - which, to be fair, Peter was having big trouble on faking. He’d known about Harry’s big plan, he had known it was his idea to hurt May; partly because it’d hurt Peter as well, partly because Norman had done so a few years back, although he hadn’t managed to kill her. Once he had realized that was Harry’s next step, the plan was easy: he would make Harry believe he was done with being a superhero, leaving his Aunt more defenseless. He would, on top of that, make his parents and rest of the family go to the Compound, either by fabricating some excuse, or simply by telling them they had to trust him, and to go. And then, he would be the one waiting for Harry in the apartment, ready to fight and end things already. Of course, he had also assumed Harry wouldn’t come alone… after all, his Dad had died fighting Spider-Man one-on-one, so it was logical to bring more people with him to assure the superhero’s end -
Steve goes home
(See the end of the chapter for
So this is a fourth part of the first story I posted. Someone asked me to do a scene in where Peter tells his family about the building crushing on him. Because someone also asked me to write a scene in where they meet MJ, I also put it here. It's shorter than the other caps, but fun! (and fluff!)
Omg this will be short 'cause I want you all to read the chapter, so go and enjoy and tell me what you thought of it!
“And Bucky laughed in your face for five minutes” Harley laughed “. Sam had to hold him to keep him from dropping to the ground”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey, Baby Punk” Bucky said, smiling bigger than before and getting close to Peter. The genius answered with a much more sincere smile, letting Bucky hug him for a couple of minutes and not fussing when he also looked him over in search for injuries.
Love you all 3000, and I will see you next Wednesday :)
So, Steve is apparently not dead.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter has the chance to reflect
“This is for Peter’s good, Steve” she reassured him “. He will feel better if we tell him the whole truth”
thank you so much for reading, and i really hope to read you soon!
Just a couple of clariifcations: I made Vision appear later because if he'd been around their dissapearance a) if he was with them, he wouldn't be controlled by his invention, cause he's a robot and b) if he were to stay with Tony and not go into the mission, when they'd dissapeared he would've just scanned the world to find them. Same it goes for Loki: he obviously knows his brother is not dead, so...yeah
Fun fact: it was at the end of this chapter that I was completely stuck. Before I had even written it I knew I was not happy with it, so the end is the first big change I made to this book. Once you read it, I'll explain more... and of course, I'll explain my initial plan once the book's done.
PLEASE leave a comment to tell me what you thought of the chapter and if you can/want, kudos!
“Shut up” he murmured. His father’s voice hummed right next to him, clearly amused by the whole thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
“You’ve mentioned these new products are some of the last Shuri of Wakanda has done for the medical and prosthetic wing… with her moving back to Wakanda, what does this mean for S.I?
hiii! so, i promised the next chapter was going to be up this week, and here we are!
Sorry, it took me so long to upload. Truth is, I haven't had the time to write much. My Uni seemingly understood the lockdown as another chance to give us more work, so I spend my days trying to not stress myself out sick. And, after spending all day on the computer it's hard to write, mainly because my eyes and head hurt like crazy.
PLEASE leave a comment so I can know if you guys like this story and kudos if you can/want!
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you want!
Also, an important note: Steve didn't know Bucky was the murder of the Starks. He suspected HYDRA was behind it, though.
“Living with your brother? That does sound like fun” Michelle agreed “. Tony must be thrilled”
“Oh yeah, that actually sounds good” Peter smiled, realizing MJ’s idea actually sounded
Hi! Hope you loved it!
That's it! I hope you guys liked the chapter! Slowly you're going to get more Flashbacks of what happened during the period of time between the second book, and this one. Also, I know it was a bit of a cliffhanger, sorry haha
PLEASE leave a comment if you liked the chapter (and if you can, kudos, too) !
He’d stayed in the cemetery for a while after that, enjoying the silence and feeling a bit more at peace as the minutes ticked by. When the sun settled the young genius went back to his car, taking some minutes to himself to think about his next step. He realized he needed to do something else before returning to his apartment, so he turned the car on and in less than half an hour he was entering his old home, finding his Dads laying around in the living room.
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I know what you guys though!
“I meant it though… this life, it suits you both. It looks good on you”
Steve thought he was going to end the mission and go home to his boys
, and so it wasn’t that weird that the world had ended up loving him just as much as they’d done before, if not more.
“I was saying… I’ll have to recruit New Avengers soon… which made me think about something else, about
“So, was that all?”
After the chat with his Uncle in the gym, and after enjoying some breakfast made by Sam (who pointedly ignored Bucky and Peter having a continuous silent conversation), Peter changed into some discreet clothes and borrowed one of the cars his Dad had for when he was trying to not get spotted, figuring he could do with as much precaution as he could get.
to be by his side and make sure he remembers he has us there for him, no matter what. And it’s time we’re honest - all of us”
, had been proving all on his own how much of a fraud he truly was. Sure, his decision to quit had made things easier, but also a bit harder, because now how were they gonna attack him when he wasn’t Spider-Man? But didn’t matter, not really… not when, in the end, they were gonna win.
(See the end of the chapter for
“But you’re okay now, right?” Ned asked, a deep frown on his face just making him look older than he really was. For a brief moment, Peter asked himself if he looked like that, too.
“Peter…”
ALSO, I was thinking about creating a TELLONYM? Just for you guys to ask doubts if you want, and a way for you guys to show me ideas, or whatever... anyways, tell me what you think about it.
“And I’m going to miss you, too, P, way too much,” she said, smiling sadly at her best friend. Peter sighed at that, too, and moved inside the room, going to sit at one small couch Shuri had right under her window and quickly being joined by said girl.
“Sure” Peter shrugged. Pepper nodded approvingly and then launched into a more detailed conversation, explaining exactly what Germany wanted and what she had thought Stark Industries would answer that with. She then went to explain what she wanted Flash and he to do, telling the genius only Happy was going with them to Berlin and that they’d stay there for a couple of weeks. For when she was done Peter was close to just exit through the window, even if that was to feel some fresh air in his face (free-falling fresh air was
Hope you guys liked it! Don't kill me, please. I promise everything will work out... well, maybe. If you have any doubts, just tell me, please. And don't forget to comment! I want to know if I'm doing a great job, so constructive criticism it's always welcome! Plus, y'all are so cute, so I love reading your comments! Makes my day!!
I really hope you guys enjoyed! I know it's a little bit slow right now, the storyline I mean... don't worry, it'll get better. You guys have angst coming...
“And that’s good” MJ pointed out, grabbing Peter’s hand and squeezing it firmly. Peter nodded and squeezed back.
And, omg, have you seen the trailer for 'Far from Home'?? It's sooooooo good! I really loved it, every piece of it... although I'm fearing for Tony. A lot of people are now saying on Twitter that he's dead... anyway, we can only hope.
Hi Guys!
“I was stabbed” Peter murmured, figuring he could be honest with his friends; not only because they were going to support him and not tell anyone, but also because the footage of the battle was being constantly discussed and analyzed… his friends knew pretty much everything, the only thing Peter was doing was clearing things up, which he guessed his friends deserved “. The blade had some type of venom, which went into my blood and caused my healing system to go into shock… not to mention my body was already pretty battered, so my super healing had already been working non-stop to fix that. The stab just caused an overdrive, I guess. Doctor Cho and Godfather Bruce are still trying to understand that one”
Peter is feeling better...
Parallel to Bucky and Peter’s talk there was another reunion, this time in Manhattan. It’d been a bit rushed up, but Harry hadn’t had any other option - Peter’s decision of quitting everything had been unexpected, which meant there would be plenty of people lost, not knowing what to exactly do… including Peter’s family, at least according to the young genius’s words. That was an opener and one that would not happen again, which the young Osborn knew. He had to green-light the last step of the plan: the big finale, the finale that would end Peter once and for all.
need Natasha Romanoff “. Sam and Buck are over in Europe, doing something they haven’t even told
“Fine by me” Steve sighed, going back to his seat and smiling weakly towards his husband when he did as well. Slowly the room filled out with the rest members of their family who could make it, some of them busy in cleaning the city or taking the rest of the villains into custody, all aware Steve and Tony would tell them about Peter the instant they knew. Bruce went in with Cho after saying hi to the rest of the heroes, trying to help out, but that had been hours before.
“Yeah… just like him”
And Steve just knows one thing: he has to fight for his boys
Hi guys!
So, PLEASE leave a comment and kudos, if you can and want to!
-SHIELD is slowly rising again... this time without that many bs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Didn’t say they weren’t” Peter murmured “. I’m just nosy… Uncle B said I mostly get it from you”
PLEASE make sure to leave a comment and tell me what you thought of the chapter and what you think of the story so far!
-If you're wondering why Stony can't get to their kid: first, Fury has worked for them to not know anything. I know they could fight to know things about Peter, but it would mess with Peter, and they don't want that. They get their kid wanted to be away, and they respect that, even when they want to be with him again.
“Peter is stronger- he’s not the same kid he was back then. And most importantly: we have his back… we know how broken our family was after Norman’s death, we know we don’t want - nor can- go back to that, so… whatever happens we’ll have his back. And I think Peter knows that this time around”
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can / want and thank you so much for reading!
“In S.I they nearly triple that, dude, ask for something more…”
“I don’t know” Shuri murmured, still looking at the screen. The super husbands had already arrived, and Peter was put to lay on the ground, which only made things worse for all watching.
Ta-da! Chapter done!
Dude I'm sad af... don't know if anyone here is a fan, but David Dobrik and Liza Koshy broke up? They still love each other but now is not the right time? TF?
Hiii! omg, the fluff! I hope you guys loved the final scene of this chapter! I sure did!
Next chapter is up! I hope you all like it! I'm finally done with finals (if I don't have to re-do any, which I think I won't, but you know, fingers crossed), so I'm gonna be able to write more now. There's a one-shot coming soon!
“Which you and I have plenty” Peter pointed out, punching again and again at the pads “. I tell you everything, Uncle B”
Anyway, enjoy this chapter!
No one knew what was happening exactly, but everyone was aware something was happening, at last, which was then confirmed when Shuri received a text message from Bucky to be careful, and to hope everything was going to be okay. It hadn’t been exactly a surprise when someone had knocked at her door, and MJ, Ned, Harley, Flash, and a couple of people she didn’t really know were at the other side of her threshold.
(See the end of the chapter for
I hope you guys liked the chapter! The story is heading towards a new storyline I quite like haha
“I don’t deserve that” Harry tried to say “, I really don’t”
“So what’s your plan, soldier?”
I hope you enjoyed the chapter! If you have suggestions for any future chapters, feel free to tell me!
Read you soon, bye!
Sorry for missing a couple of updates, but my parents made a surprise visit for my birthday, so I was pretty distracted haha. Tomorrow actually I am gonna surprise them, 'cause they don't know I'm coming home haha. Anyway, enjoy it!
“No, you don’t” Bucky disagreed, although he didn’t mean it rudely “, but you’re going to work on knowing so, okay? I think it’s good if you went back to therapy, so it can help you deal with everything that happened”
Shuri nodded, not liking Pepper’s words and not even doubting the part about being by Peter’s side. If she had to be honest, there was a lot that could potentially damage Peter; from repercussions after his fake quitting of
A few hours later, Shuri was considerably less mad at Peter. Still some, just less than before, which was heavily related to the truth Peter had finally told her, telling her from that last fight with Norman to the battle the night before. He didn’t share the fight between Harry and him, nor the last conversation he had had with his late friend, but Shuri was not going to press him on that. She knew how hard it’d been, and it hadn’t been a full day yet; Peter was still running on some adrenaline, and most likely shock, so he wasn’t fully processing everything that had happened. The genius didn’t want her friend to enter a damaging state of shock, to go further into the rabbit hole he was surely trying to fit into (his fathers and everyone that loved him trying desperately to make it small enough to make it impossible for him to get inside), but she was going to keep an eye on Peter, to make sure he had someone to talk about those moments once he was ready to do so.
For this chapter, I really liked the idea of exploring Peter's pov a little bit more, see how his life is. From now on, you guys will get more Peter povs, so I really hope you liked it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s okay, James, it’s fine, you’re here with me, it’s okay” Bucky murmured, frantically trying to get his nephew to calm down. He didn’t know what to do- a part of him wanted to search Peter’s bodies for injuries, knowing the kid had some of those, wanted to check if all the blood Peter was coated in was Harry’s or if some of it was Peter’s as well… hell, he wanted to pretend nothing had happened that night, yet he knew he couldn’t. Peter was screaming in his arms out of himself with pain and grieve and Tony and Steve trying to get to them as fast as they could, having been at the other side of the now-finished battle when everything had gone down, so he had to help Peter until his parents arrived, and then after that because that night it just… it had topped the last horrible night Bucky had lived. And he wasn’t completely sure they could get Peter through this one.
