“Now, go get it. Duct tape or whatever you got.”
So Dean got the fire going, thankful that he’d opted to convert it from wood burning to LP gas burning. If he’d done the renovation a few year later, he might have used the Grace Industries RealFire(TM) space heaters, angelthenium powered. Angel waited on the wicker loveseat. As the porch warmed up, Dean got some more blankets from inside too, some pillows. You could make a nice little nest out here if you wanted. He’d thought about making the space more weatherproof for year round use, but he was out at the cabin infrequently enough already, most of the time, it was just him. This was the first time he’d taken a pick-up out here, but Angel was so very different than his usual pick-up.
Dean sighed and got out of bed, taking a blanket with him, because he had no idea of Castiel was a blanket stealer or not. Not that he’d slept with a lot of people, but he’d shared a bed plenty of times with Sam when they were younger and Sam was an inveterate blanket thief. Dean walked lightly across the dark hallway to the room right across from his. The guest room. The door was open. Castiel didn’t need a lot of privacy to sleep apparently.
“Eden keeps our ways, Novak keeps their own,” Ishim confirmed.
“I can’t think of anything in this world more important than seeing you again.”
He would not tie himself to any Alpha in mating, unless, to one that was a suitable match that might advance his agenda. Sex was one thing. Castiel’s sexual purity was not, traditionally, a barrier to holding the throne in Eden. In fact, getting pregnant would be the most direct proof of his maturity and fitness to hold the throne. Three of the monarchs in the last two centuries had been unmated or unmarried Omegas who’d born at least one child out of mating. Princess Raphael the Younger, had ruled from 1869 to 1892 while bearing twelve children’s from what was estimated to be ten different Alpha fathers, most of who were not other royals or even nobility. One child would be enough for Castiel. One child given to him by one particular Alpha.
Castiel stopped dead, swallowed hard, eyes wide open. He was speechless for a moment, then said. “If you wanted me to chase you in that way, I don’t think I could stop myself from pursuit, Dean.”
“I mean, not that you want to deal with some asshole knothead if you don’t have to, but the least they can do is show their true colors, so you can avoid them,” Ash added. “When they act like they respect you and care for you, but then just walk all over you that’s far worse.”
“Sam talks, sometimes,” Meg said. “When he thinks I’m not around to hear. Mostly, Winchester never took those kids to a public shelter more than a few times. Too many questions. Too damn proud or something. I don’t know. Point is, they spent nearly every damn moon, every damn month for years unsheltered. Nothing but salt and iron and silver knives. It was Dean that kept them safe, even when they were just kids. Ask him to show you his howler teeth sometime.”
Castiel, like most nights, couldn’t sleep. It was too warm, here in Arizona. It should have been a cold, crisp night. It was November already. Instead, the warmth was just barely not stifling. He sat outside, staring at dark, star sprinkled sky, wishing he was anywhere but here.
“Dean, it’s okay for you to want him. Full stop.”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel said. “I thought the condition of your losing the ranch would be your mating and you aren’t yet mated.”
Castiel was viscerally reminded of what he couldn’t have. They had just stood toe to toe. Castiel had been certain that in a moment, Dean was going to close the short distance and put his lips to Castiel’s. They would kiss and it would be all over. His best intentions to stay away and let Dean be would dissolve. Castiel had struggled mightily not to close the distance himself and initiate their kiss.
Jimmy frowned, held out a hand to Castiel, as if to pull him to his feet. “Well, pick something else to have your experiment at learning how to fail. You can’t fail at this. Too much is at stake.”
“Why?! Why?” Dean had cried out in anguish, as if Castiel had physically struck him. Then Dean had tried to punch Castiel, though an Omega was always weak and ineffectual against an Alpha, so Castiel allowed Dean to weakly hit his chest a few times before collapsing in tears. Even weeping, the Omega was so beautiful that Castiel, who had resolved he would do this no longer, lifted up Dean’s chin and kissed him full on those pink Cupid bow lips. Then one thing led to another and they were naked in the motel bed with each other. Castiel reached for his coat pocket where he normally kept condoms when he was planning to meet Dean. There weren’t any. He hadn’t brought any because he had told himself he wouldn’t be doing exactly what he was now doing.
“I have thoughts about that,” Meg said. “Such wonderfully terrible punishment details worked out in my head. It brings joy to my black, bitter, shriveled heart, it does. But you need to get your crap figured out first. The young Alphas didn’t treat Dean like the Pack Omega because you didn’t.”
He’d never let Castiel buy him so much stuff at once before that wasn’t groceries. Dean was about to comment on this when Castiel said, “Knowing young Alphas, I suspect we probably need to go to the grocery store again already.”
Mom seemed reluctant to answer but she eventually said, “Sam says Castiel returned to work today.”
They’d gone about fifteen minutes out from the remains of the old sycamore when Dean stopped dead in the middle of the path and looked up, looking around for something. He seemed unusually alert, aware of his surroundings, like a hunter looking for prey. Like a Hunter, somehow. He wondered how much of the life Dean would have been taught before he presented as Omega. Castiel could see a man like John Winchester teaching those skills to a child, though not even he would have taught them to an Omega.
“Dean,” Castiel said, resting a hand gently on Dean’s shoulder. “You did not kill your father. A murderous, drunken lout of a man killed him, most likely just for the basest of motives, greed. You would be young for the kind of work it sounds like you took on, even for an Alpha. Most ranchers hire men for a season or two. Likely, he would have hired on Azazel regardless. You are not to be blamed.”
Bobby appreciated a horse, for sure. A good horse meant the difference between a good day working the stock and a bad time. He just didn’t have the love that Dean did though. The boy was something special, for sure.
Castiel didn’t want children from him. Would Dean have to get rid of it? An Alpha could force that, if not by law then by force of his will. Should Dean just get it figured out now and taken care of before he got attached to it? Better when it was just the size of a grain of rice than when it had a heartbeat.
“No, you don’t. You don’t know. You’re in no state to consent to anything more,” Dean said. Angel was high as a kite, no doubt, from that last dose of come. Orally was the worst way to take it. Dean really, really should have stopped the Omega. “Maybe I’d better take you back to the city. Get you a room to sleep it off.”
“You might want to consider that for yourself. You do not look well,” Castiel said, noting Sam’s stringy hair, the stale, rank scent of an Alpha that was not washing himself with scent blocking soap enough. He was noticeably thinner and had grown a beard, a scraggly one. “Is there still no sign of your brother?”
“Claire? You named her Claire? She was supposed to be Cassie,” Dean complained.
“I figured,” Dean said. “It’s not like it’s public business to be published in the Gazette. You might as well get going. I wouldn’t go to the ice cream parlor with you anyway.”
Lucifer turned to Dean and made as if he was going to put his hands on Dean. Castiel’s eyes flared red and his fangs dropped. It was the first hint that Dean had that the man was Alpha, other than his scent.
It was strange, being in a modern building again so soon. It was like in the few days he’d been back to the pack lands, he’d fully acclimated to them again. He’d felt home in a way he hadn’t for so very long. He’d stepped off the shuttle and it had been like a false self had peeled off his face and he could breathe again. His place in the world was with the pack on their own lands, with their traditions that seemed so out of step with the outside world.
Poor him. He decided not to bother with the slippers as he couldn’t see around his belly to put them on. As big as he was, you’d have thought it was twins, not just one, healthy, normal baby. He stood up. This was the hardest part- the getting from horizontal to vertical. Once he’d done that, it was usually pretty easy to shuffle down the hallway to the bathroom and take care of business.
“No, never. I met my One, but he made it pretty clear he wasn’t the marrying kind, then he walked on,” Dean said.
“I do, Bobby,” Dean said as they reached the canvas draped form, which was an unnaturally still, human shaped lump on a narrow table. Billie pulled back the cloth revealing John Winchester, definitely still recognizable. The undertaker was skilled at her work and only the unnatural stillness revealed him as a dead man, not a sleeping one. Even this close, the stench of death was well disguised.
Sam was about done with them.
"Is he coming for me? Did he sound mad?"
“I’m getting dressed. You want to borrow some riding clothes?” Dean asked. “I think we’re about the same size these days.”
“Hey, should I buy you more tacos?” Dean asked as he tried to help the restaurant worker pick up the mess he’d made and was waved off.
“Chezz-law,” Dean sounded out, not quite correct, but close. “Castiel Czeslaw. Wow, that’s a mouthful. Better than Jimmy’s original first name at least.”
Finally, in motion, he gained the bathroom pretty quickly and did his thing, then hauled himself up again, intent on getting back into bed before he was caught out of it. He stopped at the top of the steps because he could hear voices downstairs, his Mom and Dad, talking in that hushed, angry whispering that somehow was even louder than outright yelling would be.
“Mom and Dad weren’t in any state to drive,” Sam snapped at him, as Dean turned to get in the car. Sam didn’t offer him a hug or make to scentmark him with calming, protective Alpha scent like an older brother should. “How could you do this to them Dean?”
“You cannot understand what you’d face,” Novak said. “The Territories is no place for an Omega. The protections of American law do not exist once the river is crossed.”
“Ugh. Yeah. What’re those little puff things?”
“I would say I’m moderately hungry,” Castiel said. “Burgers do sound delicious. Can I help in any way?”
“You’ve ridden the range before? Trick riding’s all fine and well, but full days in the saddle on a hard ride have brought full grown Alpha men to their knees, much less an Omega child like yourself.”
“No,” Dean said. “You promised me a patrol.”
Decision made that he would attempt a bathroom trip, he carefully peeled himself out of his nest. He could no longer stand the constriction of rolling himself into blankets burrito like, but it still gave him comfort to be surrounded by soft, plush blankets, piles of pillows. At his head, under the pillows, he had a stash of undershirts that Dad, Mom, Sam and Jessica had worn, even deliberately sweated in, so that the scent of his family, his pack, was by him constantly. It wasn’t like it would have been if Castiel were around, but it was something. He managed to lever himself to a sitting position without too much difficulty. He stopped to consider if it were worth it to push his feet into the outsize slippers waiting by the bed. The swollen feet common to pregnant people were exaggerated in his case, as his heart labored to just keep beating most days. Edema sucked.
“Yeah. I’m not sure, but I think he’s pregnant. Neither of them would admit to that, but it just tears me up, thinking of him like that. I’m afraid he thinks that if our Dad rejected him, that he’s cut off from the whole family. They did that to Omegas sometimes, in the old days, you know. Casting them out of the clan. But I would never. I don’t care what Dad thinks. I just wish Dean could know that he could come to me. I’d do anything for him. Support him and his baby. If there is a baby.”
“You stinking Alphas,” Sam said, still belligerent despite his lack of success at driving Castiel off. “You keep your hands off my brother. He doesn’t want any of you bothering him.”
“Sure,” Dean said.
“It’s not there. I searched everywhere,” Amelia said. “You shouldn’t have just left the clothes and gone. They’re not just clothes. Generations of Cartwright Omegas have worn them. Trevor will never forgive me if I don’t get them back to him.”
It was more than Castiel could have ever hoped for, even when Dean pushed him away.
Like he predicted last night, there was a massive flood of Angel’s scent when he opened up the driver’s side door, plus his own sex scent. Yeah. He’d really done that. Really allowed an Omega to give him a blow job by the side of the road and then eat his come. When he knew that the Omega was already an easy come drunk. He kept a can of scent blocker in the car, thankfully, so he doused the passenger seat in it, spraying it all over, generously, until the mist of spray beaded up on surfaces and Angel’s scent was mostly killed, at least enough he could get in the car without feeling sick and anxious, that trying to quit smoking feeling just wrecking havoc with his calm.
They were on the road in minutes. As Dean said, it didn’t take long to drive outside of town, to Bobby’s old hunting cabin. It wasn’t much, like Dean said. There were just the three rooms, the main room, a bedroom and a bathroom. It was a literal log cabin, though the bathroom was a lean-to addition sided in board and batten. There was the three season porch, semi-enclosed and sort of a counted as a room.
“I’ve just got to get rid of Bobby. That’s him down there in my hallway. I am not letting you do those unspeakable things to me while Bobby is in the house.”
Almost everyone’s oldest child was an Omega for that reason, but at some point it had to stop with the Alpha siblings. They got confused and lines could get crossed too easily. You had to wean the Alpha sibs by twelve at the latest, they said. Dean had made a mistake and let the pup go on until he was nearly fourteen. It had seemed harmless enough at the time. Hopefully, it was harmless. The thing was, adult Alphas liked it too and not in a ‘just siblings’ kind of way. If you let an Alpha pup go on too long, he got to like it not like younger sibs did, but like an Alpha liked it.
“I’m sorry. I know it’s hard with Sam not being here as much,” Jimmy said. “I pushed for him being kept busy. Not for his sake, but for yours. I know what it’s like, being wrapped up so tight in a sibling’s life you feel like you might choke. You both deserve the chance for a little space between you.”
In the end, they did not bring their mother or younger siblings. Just Sam and Dean had got fancied up in their Sunday best and hopped on the train to Fort Smith. The train was not busy at mid afternoon, so they had most of a car to themselves. Sam, as usual, wanted to use the opportunity to talk and poke his nose into things that weren’t any of his business.
Amelia frowned. “I sent them over earlier today with Jimmy. He didn’t give them to you?”
“Dean, are you okay?” Castiel asked, reaching out and touching Dean’s cheek. It was only then that Dean realized he was crying.
“That’s good. He’d be happy to just cash a check, seems like. What’s the value of land, really, Bobby?”
“We would be foolish not to take Meg’s assistance when she offers it,” Castiel said. “Anyway, she decided she’s going, so she will be going. She does as she pleases. Apparently I’ve never been able to say no to a woman or an Omega.”
Jody took charge of rousing Rowena, directing Castiel to set Dean up, not in a prison bunk but in her guest bedroom in the little house that was attached to the prison. It wasn’t long before Jody frogmarched the red-headed witch in. Rowena apparently hadn’t been entirely cooperative being woken at such early morning hours. She must have understood that as a known witch, her tolerated presence in Fort Smith was due entirely to Jody’s goodwill and willingness to overlook the anti-witchery laws. Rowena’s apparent usefulness to the community being more important. Jody was nothing if not pragmatic and seemed to regard the witch as a better doctor than the actual doctor.
Still, the pup snorted, so Dean turned and hustled to catch up to Novak as he approached the front of the biggest building in the little settlement. It was a cabin of sorts, built from long skinny logs, tall trees that had been felled when they were hardly thinker than saplings and not had their bark peeled off, the chinks filled with mud, moss and just about whatever else came to hand. This was not the cabin of a successful trading post, but he tried to keep an open mind. Inside was well stocked though with food stuffs, even packaged goods, as well as useful domestic stuff like frying pans and Dutch ovens and wool blankets.
“A word, Alpha?” Meg asked. There was something about her, the way she could make such a term of respect like Alpha sound like she was saying, “Asshole.”
“I came as soon as I heard Dean was in the hospital but they won’t let me in to see him,” Cas said. “I’m not on the list.”
“I’m sorry, sweetie pie, but that’s the only thing that could be done. Otherwise, you’ll just have to learn to live with it. Almost no one ever actually dies of it.”
“Just there. Just. Yes. More. Please, Dean,” Angel said. “Ah, so good. Ah, I knew I had to do this. I didn’t know it would feel so good. More. Need you now. Need you to put your penis inside me.”
“I gave you a head start,” he said. “I found you and you have come home to my arms where you belong.”
“Are you proposing?”
He looked at Dean with a fierce hunger and a glimmer in his eyes that Dean felt reflected in his own eyes. This wasn’t just the Alpha that had broke through his stubbornness, this was the Alpha that he would be making a family with. This was the Alpha with whom he’d learned that being together didn’t mean surrender, that sharing a life together didn’t mean losing your independence completely. Dean pulled Cas closer yet in an embrace and felt the length of him, straining and hard. He needed that inside him. Needed to celebrate the new life they were creating together.
“A little personal space here, Marshal,” Dean said, but his stare continued, as if he wanted Castiel to invade his close personal space again.
Am I caught up on responding to comments? No, not yet, but I am trying to get to everyone’s.
Jody had kept her watch by the door through the night and was sitting there still, arms crossed. She looked tired though. Dean knew that her duty as Door Master meant she stayed up and kept watch the whole of the Full Moon Night each month. Castiel walked up to her and she nodded.
There wasn’t a lot to grab. His jewelry box. The picture of Mom, Sam and him from when he was little. From before. The knife he kept under his pillow. It was just a kitchen knife he’d found at a thrift store, but it was solid and he sharpened it up real good. There was a little address book. Mostly he’d written down the names of all the different schools Dad had brought them to, enrolled them for a while and then pulled them out later, to move, multiple times every year until Dad had brought them to this dump and left them here. It was like a diary of his life. There was the box of cassette tapes and the old Walkman from the thrift store to play them on. That was it, really. He was done here.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief when he got the last box and set of envelopes out to Baby, ready to be dropped at the post office. He had his school bag with him and his bag with his uniform for later working at the Dew Drop Inn. Sam was off to the high school already. Dean had discovered, thanks to Sam, that even an Omega didn’t need a father’s permission to enroll in the community college. They’d even helped him find a small scholarship, one meant just for Omegas like him,  that covered most of his tuition and books. So he’d enrolled, told himself just enough to get his GED. He was still working on that. He could only manage a class at a time and sometimes he still had to drop the class, so two years after he should have graduated from high school, he was still working on getting his GED.
“I’m named after the Angel Moroni,” Jimmy said, admitted finally. “The one who manifests to those people in Utah. Moroni James Novak.”
Creamy white drapes in some gauzy fabric were pulled across the windows, making the mid-day light soft and filtered, blunting its harshness. In Dean’s house, there were no curtains, no shades. Dean had never bothered getting any, even something makeshift, because the nearest neighbor was Cas and you couldn’t even see Dean’s shack from Castiel’s house. In Sammy’s bedroom, because Sammy needed dark to sleep, they’d duct taped blankets over the windows.
“You sound surprised,” Jimmy said. “If you’d come around your family more often, you’d have known what a good cook your mate has become. I just wish he was here to enjoy it with us.”
Until now, Hannah had sat at his right side, as there was not reason for her not to. It was habit and it would be corrected.
“That’s odd. They normally hunt in...” Castiel started saying.
“No,” Dean said. “I’m not fond of it. I freaking love pie.”
With that, Jimmy leaned in and he placed a kiss on Dean’s head. Not his lips. Not even his cheeks. On his head, like you would kiss an ill or fussing child to check their temperature. Then Jimmy pulled out a handkerchief and dried Dean’s tears. Like he was a child. Dean got it. He did. He didn’t need this further humiliation, so he forced himself to stop crying. He shouldn’t have let any of it out at all. He shoved his feelings down hard and lowered his eyes to the wood floor. When he looked up again, Jimmy was gone and Ellen was by his side instead. She was carrying some kind of sword with her, which was weird.
Sam was there. “You look worse than ever,” Sam said. “You sure this is just the flu? You might want to go see a doctor or something.”
“You totally do. Well, good night. Thanks, Dean, for doing this with us.”
“No, I haven’t. I haven’t seen him, nor has Amelia,” Jimmy said, sounding worried. “I was hoping maybe he was napping in your bed.”
“I need you now, Dean,” Cas said. “I need to be inside you. Need to knot you.”
And then Castiel knew that it was hopeless, because Dean would do anything and everything for his little brother. There was no way Dean would give him up on the gamble of a life with a friend in a city far away from his little sibling. Castiel would have to be content with the scraps of life that Dean was willing to give to him, just like he always was.
It didn’t make sense, but here they were. Castiel was asking to mate Dean for some reason. He had to give them an answer.
“So, how do I let him know that if he puts the moves on again, that I won’t cry like a little bitch again? That I want to try again.”
“Hello, Rowena,” Castiel said. “We have little time for your pleasantries.”
Dean wrestled with himself. Angel was here, in front of him, in person, looking even more beautiful than before if that was possible. Even more than that, Angel smelled divine, like everything Dean had ever wanted, like ten Christmases rolled up into one, like home. Like mate. Dean could have dealt with never getting that scent again, but not with getting it in his nose again, not like this. It was rubbing in his face what he could never have and what could never be.
“No, I can’t,” Dean said firmly. He might be an unnatural Omega, an old maid with no prospects for mating but even he had enough pride not to go chasing after some Alpha that walked away without so much as a proper farewell, who let himself be chased away by the mere thought of maybe spending an evening together in a restaurant. Well, Castiel didn’t want him enough to do more than send post cards every now and then, so Dean would hold his peace.
And it’s starting to be the worst mating ceremony you could imagine.
A couple of hours later, they were sitting on the vinyl floor of her tiny bathroom in her cramped apartment. First they’d gone to get him food and it had taken a while before he could figure out what wasn’t going to make him yak again. Then he’d just gone to his accounting class, even though Charlie had assured him that the world would not end if his but wasn’t in that chair for once, but now all of that was over and he couldn’t put off taking this pregnancy test any longer. She had rifled through three different drawers of stuff before she’d found the pregnancy test and not everything had found its way back into a drawer, so there were hair care products and a bottle of nail polish remover and some extra wrapped tooth brushes on the floor. He sat there, staring at the box.
“It would not be up to me, but the judge. You would have your trial, Lucifer.”
Work truly does suck right now. They put new procedures in place that give me a lot more work and responsibility without increasing the time I’m allowed to work (mandatory no overtime ever) or amount of money they’re giving me. I’m kind of at that point where quitting without a new job lined up is starting to make sense, but there’s that pesky needing to pay the rent and buy food thing…
“Wouldn’t he have come here when he arrived? You’ve seen him in the Hall, right?” Castiel asked, suddenly worried. Work had just consumed the day and it wasn’t like he had made a promise he would escort Dean to the pack lands, just stated that he’d wanted to. How could he have forgotten about Dean for so long? How?
“We are prepared,” Castiel said. The long house, even though it was not traditional, had a tornado shelter dug into the ground underneath that was generously large enough for the whole pack. The long house itself was so solidly built with large timbers that it could withstand anything short of a direct hit by a tornado.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, opening his arms. Dean stepped into them and let Castiel pull him close. What he smelled on Dean was strictly exhaustion, tiredness, but that could be read in Dean’s face as well. “Did you eat with Charlie? Do you need anything or should we just go to bed?”
His mother, Mary, was tough in her way, as all frontier women were, but she had young children and no head for worldly matters. She couldn’t go up to Fort Smith, being prostrate with grief at her husband’s death and hardly up to keeping the ranch and children cared for.
Cas heard nothing at all from the Winchester brothers for three days. He kept his head down, did his work. Pushed his Alpha down far, as deep as he could get it. Even he could tell that his scent was diminishing. Before long, at this rate, people would mistake him for a Beta. That was fine. He did not deserve an Omega. He was trash of the worst kind.
Castiel, as if feeling Dean’s eyes on him, woke up.
“It’s okay,” Dean said. “Just please. I need this. One last time. Want your knot one last time.”
“I don’t want us to leave this bed for a while,” Cas said. “We have a lot of lost time to make up for.”
When he was done showering, he put on his robe and wandered out into the living room of his suite, where Meg and Balthazar, his personal secretary, were going over his itinerary for the day and into fine detail about his clothing choices for the various events. He was glad they were usually the two people he saw first in the morning and counted them as the only two who were completely and only in his corner. They were Team Castiel, so to speak.
As it was, Dean got up and walked over to where Sam was sitting and working on his project. He brought the stupid baby with him, hitched up on his hip.
The pack’s emergency radio was brought out and someone cranked it up. They listened to dry reports of storm lines and counties where hurricane force winds had been reported, how tornadoes had been reported mere miles from them, where there were flash flood warnings.
“Dean?”
“Yeah, it’s gorgeous, Angel. Let’s get out of here before I throw you over the trunk of my car and fuck you right here in the parking lot.”
“He ordered me to keep up my classes at school and I’ve got this group project. I’ve got to figure out how to meet up with people from class.”
“Unless they’re wired in the head wrong, no Alpha likes the scent of an Omega in distress. I’m sorry. It must have been much worse for you last night, to scent the mood I was in. I’m sorry more than I can say. Tensions are at an all time high in the pack, but I will try and keep a better lid on my scent. You don’t deserve that.”
“I find that hard to imagine, him not wanting babies with you someday. You like, smell so freaking maternal. No. Not maternal. I don’t know. Something. Like, I smell you and I just know in my gut you’d be the best mom ever. It’s a scent that probably drives Alphas crazy. But you know, you’re just seventeen, kiddo. Maybe you ought to wait a few years on the babies. I know you probably don’t want to hear that. Your biological clock is a time bomb of seething hormones right now probably.”
Dean didn’t say anything. Couldn’t say anything for the shock of it. Just last night, he’d been ignored, not even acknowledged, much less offered the seat at the right hand of this Alpha.
“Got it, Bobby,” Dean said. He held the keys to the Impala out for Bobby, then turned away, wanting to get out of the junk yard and get home and take a shower with scent blocking soap. He didn’t want Michael to have any clue that Dean had gone to Bobby for help.
Also, I know this isn’t how lactose intolerance normally works, but in 15x10 (Hero’s Journey), they show Dean throwing up after eating too much grilled cheese, so that’s what we’re going with. As for why he’s deliberately getting lattes and such when he knows he has a problem, that a sensible person wouldn’t do that. I had a work friend like that. She would have a milkshake with lunch, all while saying how she knew the end result would really suck but that it was totally worth it.
There was no way a man, even an Alpha, could pull the weight of two out of a pit like this, climbing up a rope, but amazingly, Castiel put hand over hand  up the rope. Dean could feel Castiel’s muscles bunch up, contracting and releasing, as he hauled them out of the pit.
They fell asleep this way and Dean wished Angel would come to his bed every night forever after but he somehow knew it would never happen.
“I think maybe I want to try more mated people stuff. With him.”
Dean suddenly became aware of a presence nearby and reached for the gun on his hip, then relaxed at the wind brought the thunderstorm scent of Castiel to him. It was such a majestic, almost preternatural scent, like nothing could beat it outside the grandeur of nature itself. He found himself wanting to bury his face in the crook of the Marshal’s neck, where he knew the scent glands would be the strongest. That wasn’t happening though. Not ever. He had a mission and when that mission was done, he had a family to take care of. It made him angry, how good that scent was, because he didn’t want to want Castiel.
“Yes, Castiel,” she said, nodding.
The nausea rose up swiftly. One minute, he was fine, the next, he could feel his gorge rising and the scant contents of his stomach too. Charlie seemed to realize what was happening before he did, because she’d grabbed a plastic lined trash in from the floor and shoved it in front of his face before he started to spew. It all came up, the bing bongs, the egg sandwich, the latte and the water he’d drunk too, in a disgusting, chunky slurry. Thank Goddess he didn’t disgrace himself by getting it on his clothes or the carpet or anything. Maybe after too much wholesome, natural foods he was losing the ability to tolerate his beloved garbage? Maybe it was the lactose intolerance, the latte having been just too much. Normally, a latte would take the express route through, not a reverse trip. While he found a bathroom to rinse out his mouth, Charlie handled his vomit with little comment, just taking the trash can away and bringing a new, empty one. He didn’t ask what she did with it.
His first call the next morning was not to an attorney, but to Naomi at the Lawrence office, to see if anything was available. It seemed like fate when he learned that the person hired to replace him had just that morning been fired for embezzlement.
“One more thing,” Sam said. “Dean’s patch, Bobby’s patch to the south and the main ranch. We’re used to treating them as one big spread. I hope your instincts don’t kick in and get fussy about borders and territories. That’s not how we manage things.”
This time, Michael seemed just as much in the grip of rage, but he was somehow careful enough to not hit Dean’s face. He threw Dean down to the ground and kicked him instead. Shocking, numbing blows to Dean’s shoulders and legs. Dean wrapped himself up in a little ball when he realized what was happening, and he mostly was able to protect his torso, but Michael got one in real good, right in the gut and it was enough that Dean spontaneously vomited from the pain.
They were silent the rest of the way home.
There was a volley back and forth a bit between Castiel and one of the  elephants, that crazy deep rumbling again. At last, Castiel ended it and bowed respectfully to the elephant. Then he led Dean over to the edge of the enclosure, where the fence got low and there was a nearby tree, so they could climb out of the enclosure with a little effort. A few minutes later, Dean had broken into one of the gift shop kiosks and they were clothed again, albeit in souvenirs of the Cincinnati Zoo, t-shirts and sweatpants with the zoo logo on them.
“No, I didn’t see anything like that,” she said. “I wasn’t really in the cabin today. I was busy in the kitchens.”
“Ugh,” Dean said, making a face. “It’s way too early to eat.”
It was only when he noticed that Amelia was walking around with Claire on her hip that he remembered just what was missing. Or rather, who. Jimmy approached the bench, looked at Castiel’s company with a frown, especially Hannah, but he didn’t say anything about her. Or to her. Which seemed rude of Jimmy, very unlike him.
Jack just looked puzzled, then angry. He glared at Dean before disappearing into the depths of the bunker, acting much like the Human teenager he somewhat resembled. No doubt he was headed to his room. Castiel would explain the elementary and not particularly amusing word play to him later and also how it was a moment from Dean that should be treasured, even if it seemed otherwise. Sam looked about about on the verge of growling. He threw his duffle bag at Dean with a groan and said, “Just for that, you’re on laundry duty this time. Cas, smite him.”
No, it was never required that his pack leave the pack lands. He did know how Hannah felt about being in town. He would have appreciated the full backing of his council. This wasn’t about saving one Omega. The Men of Letters aggressive actions was, in a very real sense, an attack, albeit legal, not physical, on the whole pack. Not everyone seemed to see it that way. They saw it as merely saving Dean. Yes, it had always been about saving Dean, but it had become more than that. The Men of Letters saw it as their right to trample and abrogate the rights his pack had to keep their own safe. It was an attack on the core values of his pack. If they were able to take Dean, what next?
“I don’t know, I find myself enjoying it,” Cas said, reaching out with a napkin to wipe a stray bit of whipped cream from Dean’s pink, curved lips. He couldn’t help but think of other kinds of cream and that mouth, but that was for much later. After he had earned it. “I think I enjoy spending any kind of time with you, naked or not. Sam said you’d started up your schooling again.”
“It is.”
They were approaching one of their regular pull offs, a small state park that didn’t officially allow camping, but wasn’t actually staffed most of the time either, so a person could pull a small, unobtrusive camper like his van into one of the empty lots, and expect a certain amount of privacy. It was along a river, so there were thick stands of trees. He’d spent the night alone at the park a few times, simply because he wanted to get up early for a sunrise hike the next morning.
“Your Ma sent me to bring you home,” Bobby said. “If I thought for a minute you would have chased off into the Territories like a fool, I’d have sent you home with your Pa’s body. Idjit. You worried your Ma and me to death.”
“Oh! And Pa said that I was to tell you that supper’s at our house tonight, not Bobby’s. Uncle Bobby is here already and that we’re all going to meet your new mate tonight.”
Dean wondered how much of the truth Castiel could handle without getting upset about it. Especially when Dean didn’t have words strong enough to explain exactly how it had hurt to see no place for him anywhere he looked, to love all these people so much but not see that reflected back to him. To see that Castiel, while he might be sweet in private, hadn’t wanted him in public at his side.
“Can I join you?” Cas asked.
“Ugh, he’s at it again with the kale,” Dean said. The server had brought Sam’s order out, some kind of smoothie or juice, bright emerald green.
“I might have,” Cas said, with a grin.
“They wouldn’t lock the Pack Alpha out of Hall,” Hannah said.
Dean was in the corral, working with Diablo, a solid black late yearling that would have been a gelding if Bobby had had his say. The name was fitting, as far as Bobby was concerned. Some horses just had the devil in them. Dean had made good progress though. He always worked with Impala in the ring, or some other well trained, calm horse, to show the horse what was wanted. Dean had worked Diablo up to the point where the horse now tolerated a horse blanket draped over his back while Dean led him and Impala around the ring on a long tether. He always worked them easy like this, gentling them, not breaking them. Bobby wondered where Dean picked up the skills because Bobby didn’t really know how and John Winchester had definitely not bothered with that kind of thing. He broke horses, didn’t want to bother with nonsense like the kind of training Dean used.
They’d actively managed the forests surrounding the village to minimize the damage should the winds become strong enough to blow down trees. They’d focused especially on the trees closest to the cabins, making sure there were no weak or dead limbs could come crashing down on someone’s home during a storm. Castiel still worried some about the huge ash tree behind his father’s cabin with it’s broad, spreading limbs, but its symbolic purpose was huge so he couldn’t even contemplate cutting it down. It was their own clone of the world tree, planted here when the pack settled over a century ago.
Several days later, while Dean was sitting in the ranch office, going over some figures, Sam brought Dean another advertisement, this one also from the Fort Smith paper. Dean sighed, pushed aside his ledger books for the moment and humored Sam by reading it.
“Any Alpha can learn to do it with sufficient practice and focus,” Castiel said. “You’re not ready yet, but you learn when you are.
“I’ll talk to him,” Dean said. He put the unused pregnancy test down on the desk and walked to the door. Charlie shook her head and spoke into the computer by her headset microphone.
Castiel looked at the pile of papers she was pushing towards him. It was particularly thick this month due to the extra expenses from storm recovery. Jimmy had been pushing him to put almost everything through the pack offices, with on-line payments, accounting that would show up on a simple computer spreadsheet, invoices that could be approved with a click of the computer mouse. You couldn’t have a computer on pack lands, of course, but what real difference did it make? They had such an inefficient system. Some computer and printer printed them in another office somewhere, mailed through the postal system, which scanned the address by computer and routed it by computer. Once delivered, Aaron sorted out the mail, scanned it to be saved for their computer records. Hannah’s invoices for expenses relating to the pack lands were hand carried by Jimmy once a week to her. She approved them, verifying against her own hand written ledger book and writing out her checks by hand. Finally, Castiel approved the checks, by hand, verifying check to invoice.
“I don’t know about that. You’re looking mighty fine. But aren’t you in the middle of something here?”
“Has he been resident in your household here in Kansas for the last six months?”
The tour had meant to go on for another two weeks, into the new year, but Castiel rather thought this was the sort of conversation you had in person. The personal secretaries had shuffled things around among themselves and rescheduled appearances. It meant that his appearances in Omaha were covered by his cousin Samandriel, the Earl of Welkin, who was rather prettier than Castiel and always amenable to giving a speech to a crowd, so long as he didn’t have to prepare it.
“Sam!”
Sam walked off back the way they’d come, but Castiel stood where he was, looking out over the river, imagining Dean standing on this very bridge, looking at the same river. About the time he thought about going to find Dean, his Omega walked up to him and he couldn’t help smiling. He had been fortunate to be mated with an Omega that would not give up on him. An Omega with true grit. He was sorry for their wasted years but he vowed to spend the rest of their years together making up for that.
“Have you been at a Manifestation?” Castiel asked. “An actual, documented Manifestation?”
Dean was able to lift the lid completely. Inside of the box was lined with deep blue velvet. Whatever jewelry Cas gave him next would sparkle on that velvet. There were slots for a couple of rings, little divided compartments for bracelets and other things.
He divided the goods between his own saddle bags and the Marshal’s, putting more of the heavy goods in the Marshal’s bags. The Pinto was a bigger, sturdier horse than Impala and the Marshal’s bags were emptier anyway. Dean lashed the sheathe with the rifle to his own saddle where he’d be able to reach it easy while on the go, so he could plink off a rabbit, should he see one.
Jimmy added, “She is someone Dean knows through the Community College and she is a good friend to him. You’ve met Charlie once before. She visited the pack lands with Dean last year.”
A man had to do what an man had to do. Sometimes, the right thing to do was to walk away. Bobby didn’t seem to find him wanting, but Castiel had made that judgment on himself.
“The same. My Ma is a Colt by way of the Campbell’s,” Dean said. Castiel seemed mildly impressed, for the moment at least.
“I vow to wield it in defense of you and all that is yours,” Dean said. Dean knew how to handle a knife a little. Dad had taught him that much at least, though Dean wasn’t sure how well he could fight. Omegas didn’t train. They didn’t defend. They were the weakest members of any pack.
“I’m just fine where I am,” Bobby said. “You take your mate to bed though.”
John can't bear to look at his destroyed Alpha son even and turns him over to Omega Protective Services where Dean is registered and collared, then shipped off to a group home for young turned Alphas (it's very common for parents to abandon their turned children). Dean figures he's due for the worst- whippings, training, dehumanization, castration, etc.
First of all, he could recognized when he was being humored. Secondly, he’d been more or less given an older by his Alpha. Castiel preferred Dean stay home. He’d said.
“The name’s changed a lot over the years, but this pack has been intact in one way or another since the days when they hadn’t invented windows yet,” Bobby said, skipping one of his pucks over three of Dean’s in a row. “Lot of folks think we’re strange, living this way, but all of us here chose it. Anyone that doesn’t like it can live in Folsom and still be pack.”
Castiel takes Dean on a partial patrol of the pack lands, and things are even more unsettled than ever before. Then they have a very unsettling meeting with the Men of Letters.
“A woman scorned, a long time before I ever met you,” Castiel explained at Dean’s implied question. “She was aiming for my heart, but she missed.”
“Is there anything else we can do other than troop the whole pack in and out of his hospital room?” Castiel asked.
It wasn’t the greatest of blow jobs, just because there was something studied and practiced about it, like Angel had looked up how to do it on the computer and was following step by step instructions from some website. He didn’t let Dean get too deep, using his hands to stroke firmly up and down on most of the shaft, mostly only letting the tip and a few more inches get into his mouth, but fuck, it was still amazing. His Angel smelled amazing, his scent intensifying in the small space inside the car. It was just right, somehow, even as he knew that every minute that it went on made him a worse and worse person.
“Your pack can protect you though, right? I mean, that’s why you got mated.”
“It’s what Charlie calls the pack lands. You know, cause of the Hall.”
He never bothered to try and reply. By the time any reply would get there, the show would have moved on, Castiel with it. There was no return address. He thought about writing to the Wild West Show’s office in Jacksonville, but no doubt Castiel received hundreds, even thousands, of letters from admirers who had seen him perform. He couldn’t bear the thought of his own letter mixed with those and lost in the shuffle. And he just couldn’t. He would not chase the man. He had said he wouldn’t like it was a promise to himself.
“Hey, I know you’ve got a lot of your Dad’s bullshit to uninstall, but it’s okay. You’re allowed. You know how I told you last time, that you’re allowed to say no to sex?”
Michael gave him the look that said, ‘isn’t that cute?’
Gabriel, Dean knew, was the short blond who had been Castiel’s partner in the Wild West Show. Dean remembered him being referred to as ‘Novak’ too, by that other movie star.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean said, shyly.
“I don’t much either,” Castiel agreed. “But for as long as they’re willing to be friends, I’m willing to as well. Their customs are not like ours, but they’re fair to all their people as far as I know. It’s valuable to keep on good terms with them, even if I don’t care for the MacLeods personally.”
Bobby looked like he was about to cry, his soft eyes seemed wet and full of tears. Somehow, that was what made it all real, not just some abstract legal abstraction, but a real threat that he would be sent away. It was Jimmy who took over, not Castiel.
“You’ve spoken your thoughts on the matter,” Castiel said. “I hear your dissent and I acknowledge it. But in the end, this pack is not a democracy, Hester, and I will do what it takes to keep you all safe.”
Angel took Dean’s hand and put it on his lap, so that Dean could feel the hard cock there, not big compared to Dean, but big for an Omega. Angel grinned as he tried to smash Dean’s hand down on his cock while grinding his cock up. “Feel that? Want you again so bad, Alpha. Need you to get me off.” The whole between the legs area of Angel’s pants were damp with slick, fragrant and delicious smelling. Damn, The whole car was going to smell like Angel and sex for weeks afterwards. It would permeate the seat cushions, a reminder of their night, which it seemed like it would be the only one, the way Angel had shut him down about mating.
Whenever Dean saw Sam from that point, it was with needle and project in hand, so he wasn’t surprised when Sam presented him with a tied up bundle of cloth a few weeks later, in Bobby’s living room. Sam had come by to help Dean wrangle some firewood, making sure Bobby had plenty good, seasoned wood in the rack near the door where Bobby could bring it into the house himself if he wanted. Dean could carry armfuls of wood, but he wasn’t allowed to do something as athletic as splitting logs. That’s why he’d asked Sam for help. The kid was getting stronger by the day. They finally got all stocked up and each carried an arm load into the house and built up the fire. It was one of those late winter days where it wasn’t so much cold as just frozen completely through, so the fire was appreciated. Once they’d warmed up a little, Sam had grabbed the bundle out of his bag and shoved it at Dean, who opened it.
Not that he’d left a lot of things at Bobby’s but there were a few precious items. Some photographs left from their time before his mom died, a carved wood comb made here on the pack lands, a really cool vintage concert t-shirt for Zepp that he found at a garage sale. But the worst of it was that it was all of his traditional clothes that had gone missing. He had no choice but to head to the Hall while still wearing his jeans and flannel. It wasn’t forbidden to show up in modern clothes, just kind of frowned on for anyone who wasn’t Castiel, pretty much. Dean knew that some of the most staunch traditionalists even gave Castiel the side-eye for that.
“Do it,” Dean said, without hesitation. He couldn’t go on like this. Not another day longer. He didn’t want to be tied by a soul thread to some Alpha that didn’t even want him, that wouldn’t even try to win him.
“It’s stupid,” Cole was explaining to Mikel. “No one in their right mind would pick a chain mail hauberk over Kevlar body armor, but there are these normie world kids, run around in costumes, pretending they’re killing dragons or something. Call it Larping. They’ll pay good money for this shit, so I’m not complaining.”
Dean hoped they could make a go of the place as a movie palace though, because he already loved it. The odd sense of ceremony as they paid for their tickets and walked into the darkened theater, something heightened by the hushed anticipation of the event. Castiel walked beside and slightly behind Dean, ushering him into a plush velvet upholstered seat about halfway down the auditorium and on the aisle. A number of other groups, mostly couples, were scattered in their seats already, whispering to each other in the dimly lit theater.
“We did need him. His sacrifice was not in vain, I promise,” Castiel said, thinking of that day not so long ago when John Winchester had shown up, two sons in tow. A day that had changed his life forever, a day that had brought them here, two traumatized people standing in a shower, trying to find a way into each other’s lives.
He had thought hard about it for a while. He would like children someday but would be satisfied to be without them, so long as he was with Dean. Dean’s final word on pregnancy and children hadn’t been ‘no’. It had been, ‘not yet.’ Vasectomies were very often successfully reversed in Alphas, but it was not a guarantee that it wouldn’t be permanent. You could have semen stored in a freezer for use later, but there was no guarantee there either.
The upshot was they had a room they could go to and make up for lost time. Only Dean had another idea. Not that going back to the room didn’t have appeal, but there would be plenty of time for that later.
Dean was suddenly cold, like you get sometimes when you wake up from sleep and aren’t tucked into a nice warm bed, your blanket fallen to the side, so he crawled into bed with Castiel as quietly as he could, walking around to the other side of the bed so that Castiel would be between him and the open door, the guard position. The one Dean had always taken when he and Sammy were kids in a motel room together.
It was amazing, like how Dean imagined riding a comet would be and finally, Michael was shouting too and grabbing Dean around the shoulders, then bending his head to Dean's neck. His teeth clamped tight at the same moment his knot was caught inside Dean's pussy.
“Your reward. A thousand dollars. As promised. That concludes our business,” Dean said, icily. “You may go.”
If only Dean would let Castiel take care of him like an Omega should be cared for, without subterfuge on Castiel’s part. But Dean was proud and stubborn. He would only accept the things that should be his due- taken for granted, if there was some exchange, a payment of sorts from Dean. He wouldn’t have come over without being asked like this if he weren’t in need. It had been some weeks since he had. Dean’s cheeks were a little hollower. He smelled a little more desperate than he normally did.
“Well, let’s get this taken care of,” Gabriel said. “Meg, you really are a little ham-handed with the Omega exams. We’ve spoken about this before. I hope I won’t have to again.”
He thought about how the advertisement for the Wild West show had said something that set his blood cold. Final Stop. Farewell Tour. The Marshal will never perform live on the stage again.
Angel slipped out of Dean’s arms, against Dean’s protests, explaining that he was human and did need to urinate sometimes. He was gone long enough that Dean thought maybe he should go look, see if something was up, but then just as Dean was about to get out of bed, Angel slipped back into it and threw his arms around Dean’s neck and squeezed hard.
“It’s something an Alpha has never had to deal with,” Amelia said. “I can’t say that I ever really had to either. We want Dean to know that he will never have to worry about not having food again.”
“You don’t have a license to drive, Dean,” Castiel said.
It certainly wasn’t the first time Castiel had heard that the derecho had been a judgment from the Goddess, even from within his own pack a few times. He remained convinced as ever that a storm was just a storm, no matter the damage it caused. Unstable and dangerous weather was a symptom of ecological pressures, not divine judgment.
He wasn’t sure whether he should dread that or not. Meg sometimes saved her worst verbal blisterings for private like that, but she also saved those moments she built you back up for these walks, but you could never tell until you were out of earshot of everyone else and there was no escape.
Finally, Dean asked, “What do we do next? I mean, I know the general theory of what happens next. Anyone who lives on a ranch knows what the stallion puts inside the mare, but I sort of thought you’d be taking charge of that already by now.”
Castiel, for his part, held tight. He kissed back just as fiercely, as if Dean were about to disappear on him. He kissed as if Dean were some kind of hard won treasure or prize. His hat had been knocked off to the ground and was now ignored, getting smudged with some kind of street dirt.
“Thank you, Bess,” Castiel said. “We will let him sleep but I’ll take him to our bed.”
“I’m sorry. I let our date night become a power play,” Castiel said. “I just couldn’t. The insults to you were so deliberate, so intentional. I had no choice in the matter. I don’t understand why Ishim would have tried to back me into a corner like that.”
“Nobody is ripping out Baby’s heart to put one of those little black boxes in her,” Dean said, petting the steering wheel as he got into the driver’s seat. He turned the key and she purred for him like she always did. He backed out of the drive way still talking,. “Nobody knows what’s inside those damn things and one country and one company have a total monopoly on them. How does it even work? How do you get all that power out of one tiny chunk of rock? There’s got to be something hinky going on with that.”
The crowd around Dean was roaring, such as they ever did in Fort Smith. Despite that most of the town was here, they still only filled the bleachers halfway and Fort Smith was pretty somnolent even for an Arkansas town. This Wild West show must have been used to playing much bigger audiences. Meanwhile, the ring was being cleared of targets and Castiel walked off. A group of pups clustered around Gabriel, claiming shot through dimes and cards as souvenirs of the show.
“Hey, I don’t know what happened tonight,” Sam said. “I swear I didn’t mean to get you set up for that dance. I was downwind and I couldn’t smell him when I told you to ask him to dance. I didn’t know he was your One until you two walked away to the dance floor.”
Castiel hadn’t been sure quite what to expect from a supper with Dean’s family. He had been prepared to face the gruff Alpha on his own, but he was not confronted with nine people, eight more than he was expecting, but at least it was the same group he’d seen briefly as they’d left the premier last night. Sam’s house was built on much the same plan as Dean’s, though bigger and more full- of people, of things, of pups. Not that it was untidy, but there were bookcases stuffed full, including shelves of cheerful, colorful children’s books. There were rag rugs everywhere.
They were really going out into the woods when it was still almost dark, to look at invisible spots in the air that no one could see with bare eyes except maybe on full moon nights? That was the time when the thin spots opened to those other worlds the monster came from. There were monsters that lived in the real world full time, but mostly, they came and went on full moon.
“But you could be, right? I mean, you absolutely did the deed unprotected with Pack Alpha McDreamy. You can’t deny that.”
Dean didn’t wait for any further answer. He just dug around in the pocket of his robe for his phone. He called Sammy, not caring that it was still Sam’s work day and that Sam had said he would be very busy today, getting things wrapped up so he could take time off to help Dean after the birth.
“There must have been some kind of misunderstanding,” Castiel said. “Hannah would never do anything that would harm pack unity like that. Of that much, I feel I can be certain.”
“An Omega riding out on cattle drives sleeps lightly and prepared if he wants to keep his virtue intact,” Dean said, gathering himself up, holstering the Colt. He pulled his serape from out of his bedroll and draped it over himself again. The weather was turning. The temperature had dropped, not just the amount you would expect it to drop overnight, but much further, a harbinger for a change of weather. It was to be expected. For all of the warm days they’d had recently, Fall was closer to ending than beginning.
“Are you all right, sir?” They asked him. Castiel was fine. His knuckles would be a little bruised and there was plenty of blood on him, but it was not his. He was hardly out of breath though it had been some time since he’d trained for combat.
He slowly dragged John Winchester’s body back to the village on a makeshift travois he’d built from saplings and cord, the Grigori killing blade resting on his chest, hands clasped over it. Castiel’s preference would have been to burn it in the forest as well, but John’s sons would need to see it to grieve properly. The pack would purify the body with salt and fire and bury what remained, give him full funeral rites. John had given his life for the Novak pack, so he and his sons were now pack and alway would be. That was good. John would not have to go to the next life without pack and left alone to wander. But Sam and Dean were now fatherless, something they had in common with Castiel himself. Or so he learned when he emerged from the forest. Chuck had died while Castiel was fighting Michael, possibly at the same time.
“We’re never moving back to the pack lands?” Dean asked. It was tentative, hardly audible. The scent of distressed Omega rose up in the room again though Dean did not start crying again. He seemed more resigned than anything now. It was also an odd question. How could Dean think they wouldn’t move back? He remembered this morning, Dean wanting to go out to the pack lands today, just for a visit. He’d refused that and he thought for good reasons, but maybe the source of some of this sadness was being kept away from them?
“Then let’s go home,” Dean said, turning away from the lights and the bustle. Castiel let himself be towed in Dean’s wake like a barge to Dean’s tugboat. “I hate being in the big city.”
“No, not enough,” Jimmy said. “He struggles more than you imagine. There are still times that he can’t come to the table to eat unless I give him permission. If John Winchester weren’t dead already, I would end him.”
Dean was there where he said he would be, dressed up in the new beekeeping suit that Castiel had gotten for him. Together, they worked on unloading the hives, putting them in the spots that Castiel had scouted out earlier as being most ideal. He got them situated, leveled. Then it was done. They weren’t his hives anymore. He’d have to go soon. His parents wanted him back in time for a big family party before they would take him to the airport tomorrow, on his way to California and a new life.
“The fact that he thinks of me as a brother is the only reason we’re alive at all,” Castiel said as he slowly sawed through the rope. “Anyone else he’d have shot on sight.”
He’d shook his head, not that it was really any of her business, but he said, “He’s a stupid, stubborn son of a bitch.”
He pulled up the texting app immediately. He’d been strong. He hadn’t tried to contact Cas once since he’d gone, no matter how much his heart had ached but he had to now.
“A Night Hag is one of those creatures that is only vulnerable when feeding,” Castiel said. “You can kill them with a consecrated iron blade when they’re feeding on someone’s life force, but only then.”
At least he assumed the last word was Castiel. The C was legible but the other letters were not recognizable as letters, more like the spikes on an EKG reading.
The terrain had changed, almost abruptly, from the other side of the river. Dean could see that it was drier, browner as soon they rose rose out of the trees growing by the river. Such stands of trees as grew were scrubby loblolly pines. The forage for cattle wouldn’t be nearly so good here, he thought. It would be acceptable. You could eek out a living here, he thought, but it wouldn’t be near as easy as it was back home at the ranch. The terrain was also rising. The rolling hills of the river valley turned into honest foothills and suddenly, he could see the mountain range, dusky blue in the far distance, the ground between them a patchwork of faded green, gold and even brown.
“Okay, okay,” Lucifer said. “I get the picture. Hands off your Omega. At least until I’ve figured out what to do with you. I don’t want to kill you but I might have to. Boys, get these two tied up and out of the way for now while I think about this.”
The next morning, Bobby made his way back to Dardanelle, nursing a sore head from indulgence in Rufus’s whiskey and if it was a little hard to sit on hard bench of the train’s second class car, that was nobody’s business but his own and well worth the bother of it. He was a cheap old bastard, but if it had pained him enough, he might have paid the extra for the plush seats of first class.
Well, it looked like Naomi had rounded up enough money for Michael’s bail without any contribution from Castiel. Somehow, the family always did pull through for its Alpha children
In any case, they were growing, flourishing as a pack and that was good. Maybe things were a little under pressure now. There were so many ways he was being pulled. His instincts to protect and provide had led him to spend personal and pack money with a wild profligacy, something that would continue to affect them for some time. Especially considering there was a rumor that the Jimson farm would be coming to the market soon and if it did, he would have to do his best to purchase it, reaching deep into the pack’s reserves. They’d had special funds dedicated for just that- land purchases, but it would also mean scraping the bottom barrel of the regular funds too.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean just about fell out of the tree. It wasn’t that he wanted to mate Castiel.  He’d known that Castiel didn’t really want this mating and was just doing it to keep Dean out of the clutches of his father’s people, but Dean didn’t think he would have to hear Castiel complaining so bitterly about it. Dean clutched at the trunk and prevented disaster, but he was devastated. He had somehow thought maybe that Castiel had wanted him as a mate, but that was obviously not the case.
The Hall, too, was hella trad. Full on long house, no windows, just like in the old country. It was the hugest Hall Dean had ever been in, but also the most old fashioned. A lot of packs, the Hall was just like, a community center. They looked kind of like a school gym or something.
Dean was aware that registering their intent to mate, like they had, more or less ruined his prospects at being mated by anyone else, ever. Omegas who were dumped after that relied on their families or on things worse. Oh, Dean, while he was young and pretty, could probably get himself a sugar baby relationship like the one he’d thought he had with Cas before, but more likely, he’d have to resign himself to a life in his father’s house, acting as unpaid nanny to any kids John’s Beta wife had. But if he sold this pin, it was enough to buy a car and then some.
“I know that will make Dean family and I know Bobby is planning to take the boys in, but he needs all the family he can get. It makes sense to me. Jimmy and I are in agreement. I’m going to need to find help with Claire soon anyway. I need to return to work and there isn’t any one in the pack right now that doesn’t have other obligations. And I would hate to leave Claire in the care of someone outside of the pack.”
“What did you do with the wedding clothes, Jimmy? I told you to make sure they went directly to Dean.”
“I’ll do it. I don’t care. Just don’t make me go away,” Dean said, impulsive and desperate. “Don’t send me to strangers.”
‘You might want to think about calling your folks,” Bobby said. “Ain’t none of my business, but they look like they want to hear from you and like maybe they’d be so glad to see you that they wouldn’t care some Alpha got you in trouble.”
“That’s easy enough, in a pack,” Gadreel said. “Once guys like Cole knock the edges off of you long enough. What you ought to want is to learn to stand out in a good way. Not the nail that needs to be knocked flush with the board, but the carving that turns your wood box into art. Can I see that?”
“It’s your home, Cas. No need to ask permission to use the telephone,” Dean said. “You want to pay part of the bills, we’ll figure that out later.”
Sam shook his head. “No, that was never the plan. I promised Dean I wouldn’t take his baby and I still won’t. Dean was going to raise her with Mom and Dad’s help and if Dean didn’t make it, the plan had been for Mom and Dad to raise her. But after he talked to you earlier, before he went into labor, he made all of us promise that in case something happened, you would be the legal father, if you would take that responsibility. I know we can’t make you step up, but it’s what Dean wants.”
Castiel understood what Balthazar meant, but Dean would have no idea. Probably Michael hadn’t even put it together, given the obscurity of the law. Castiel willed Dean to ask him. Wished it with all his heart. Thought that he would give up every other Christmas gift ever, just to get Dean to ask.
Somehow, their date at the Tip Top got forgotten, but their life together had started.
“Maybe you should go back to your own bed, Dean,” Castiel said. “It was lovely to wake up with you, but I have to get up for the morning. My day starts soon.”
“She helps me out with school a lot,” Dean said. “We should go. Get you on the road.”
They’d been with the Novak pack something like six months. It was winter, their first winter with the pack. The long house wasn’t as cold as you would think it would be, with a big, purposeful hole in the roof and only the one fire. The thick walls of the longhouse kept warmth in, the wind out, mostly. The fire was carefully attended, the firewood was mostly oak, well aged and dry, so it burned with little smoke, so mostly, the air inside was clean. Everyone dressed for it too, in the traditional clothes. Sam had a wool set of of tunic and pants. He’d learned for full moon nights in cold weather, you layered stuff under the tunic. You got used to it. He kind of liked sleeping in the longhouse on full moon nights in the winter, the way the air was sharp and cold, but you could burrow under wool blankets and pelts, the sound of the pack all around you.
She’d gone over that carefully. She’d pointed out how if she ever caught him using certain words, like blands for Betas, or the B-word for an Omega, she’d have his balls. Oh, she didn’t say the bit about having his balls outright, but it was definitely implied. There was more but it came down that they considered all designations equal in respect, just with different roles in the pack.”
“Oh, Sammy, I know you’ve got to go away to school,” Dean said. “I’m just not ready for it. How’d you pull this off? A full scholarship and everything?”
“Horseshit,” Sam said.
Dean startled. Fuck, Castiel could move silent as the grave if he wanted to. He hadn’t even realized that Castiel had moved out of his bed much less across the room. Bobby snorted, perhaps a little disrespectfully, but he’d never been particularly deferential to Castiel or any authority figure.
“They say you just know, but like what if you don’t get it or you get confused. I’m not a big believer in fated mates either. I mean, the Goddess could, I don’t know, cause your fated mates name to appear as a tattoo on your wrist or something, but it doesn’t. It’s not like you get an engraved invitation to the first time you meet your soul mate.”
They walked out to the parking on the street where he’d left the Impala. She stood gleaming in the purple twilight, like some kind of panther.
“Food is my love language,” Jimmy said. “Well, one of them.”
The shower had been so good at removing Alpha smell that he was now left with the problem that he didn’t smell of Michael anymore either. Dean not scented like his mate might just as easily make Michael made as Dean smelling of someone else. Dean dug through his closet, looking for something that might have a little of Michael’s scent embedded on it.
It caught up in his serape so he couldn’t get it free and raised up to shoot before Azazel was crossing the mine floor. Dean pulled the trigger of the gun, hoping the distance was close enough that good aim wouldn’t matter. The shot went wide, ricocheting of the rock wall behind Azazel, who just laughed, then ran to tackle Dean.
“If you relax, if you let me touch you and bring you pleasure, it will be better. It will not hurt. The last thing I want to do is hurt you.”
He knew he had to get out of there soon, before people would start being able to scent that he was pregnant. That night, he packed up as much as he could, took all the money he had stashed from birthdays and Christmas gifts. It wasn’t much, but it would get him a bus ticket to somewhere. He left his purity ring on his desk, the thin gold band looking tiny on the broad wood expanse. He climbed out the window, onto the roof below, then treaded silently as he could over the back kitchen addition, then shimmied down the old cottonwood tree that dad had been threatening to cut down for as long as Dean could remember. He was gone by midnight.
