“It is my truth, I don’t know how but I just know that… I can. And that’s why I came here to find out more”
“That’s kind of a harsh term to give us; I mean we only rob people who tend to screw us over before they can”
…” Dean speaks in his deep, shaky voice as he pulls Castiel in and finally reaches his lips, longingly so. Cas looks wide eyed but falls irrevocably into his arms, tasting every ounce of his mangled cries that he breathes into him. His heart beats against his and hopelessly holds his whole body together, he feels himself weaken but the taste of him kept him afloat. He ravages his heart for more as Dean deepens his kiss and pleads, just anything that could stop the world from ending around them.
Dean swallows hard with his inordinate blinking, he’s procuring a sentence but you choose to interrupt anyway, no way were you letting him think about anything right now “That’s what makes all of this worth it Dean, all of it has to be worth something- so watching you give up when-” Sam breathes in his rugged way, his shoulders slightly slouched and his eyes resonating an endearing glow; Dean watches him haplessly try to save him, again and again he tries but he couldn’t fathom it- he always felt that he could fix everything but couldn’t he see?
He keeps huffing and blazing  about in the room while Crowley remains; in a strange way regardless of how little he understood of Sam's situation and his current state Crowley felt that maybe, just maybe he could somehow be a part of this misery.
“Sanity lingers in a dream…” He focused on the words that escaped his lips- the other three watch him deliberate with the same shared confusion “Do they mean a mental asylum? Because that’s the only thing that’s making sense to me right now”
“You’re awfully less fussy today, what have you done with my brother?” Dean jokes with his teeth flashing wide as he takes a turn towards the right, the impala purring underneath his fingers
You look into his gentle gaze; his lashes flicker as he continues to look at and away from you from time to time, just like he’s always done- just like you’ve always remembered him do.
“Then when Dean? Should I wait for you to come looking for me again until I can share some of the responsibility? For once just…” your hands aren’t shaking anymore as you direct your voice at him “Just stop being this…unshakable force, okay? That nothing hurts you and nothing can ever hurt you because I can see it Dean- we all see it”. His stoic stare and clenched jaw watches you, his eyes boring into yours with a strange clouded hurt within them “Just…heh, let’s just do this later, I suppose”
Dean shuffles uncomfortably in his seat, chapping his lips as he starts to wake from his confined breathing space.
Castiel doesn't open his eyes from the growing heaviness in his head, but he didn't quite realize that it had spread throughout his whole body.
The room feels flooded by the veins that keep appearing, the brothers watch Crowley step away from the floor and pull himself up from Castiel’s coat-he stood motionless with his head hung low.
His body felt loose as the wind scraped his dry skin. He just wanted to lie down and be out of everyone's way. He kept reminding himself that he wasn't completely useless during their endeavor but he knew the truth, how could he be alright about being this wounded animal that needed protection? The least he could do was pull his own weight. To not be a burden.
Dean holds him close as they join their foreheads, both cold and brittle by the air that surrounds them “You spent your whole life saving people, making sure that they never feel the loss that you and your family endured. And because of that you always held yourself accountable for things you couldn’t stop. You never…gave yourself a chance because of it. I’ve seen you and I know you enough to say that you…”
"What's your name?" He questioned me as he looked through his files and paperwork. I was afraid of how he might react to my name, it was quite odd and religious.
Castiel was losing sense of what was happening and all he could focus on was the wheel and the keys, nothing else mattered other than those two vital things. He curses under his breath and starts the truck again and the engine reverberates into it's rhythmic tone once again. Castiel almost squeals at the sound and Dean felt the same way. He changes gears and begins reversing as Dean claws his way to the roof and slides down towards the carrier, his elbow hit it's floor and he found it hard to keep his grip on anything with Castiel's drifting, thankfully they faced the open road again. He changes gears and accelerates at full speed, Dean looks at the shadows circling the sky, becoming a shade darker the longer he kept his eyes glued on them
Night has approached- a solidifying cold invading their lungs with powdery smokes from their breathing; Sam watches intently, his eyes squinting with his shivering lips, his indecisiveness apparent even in the dark. Dean lays down beside him- his stomach flat on the cold sand as he grunts his way into a comfortable position, he would’ve waited for Sam’s comment on the matter but decided to break the silence first.
Dean nods his head, breathing out the irritation in his throat and stepping out towards the edge they had awoken in. The camp is still rampant, completely awestruck by the massive blast of light they just experienced, watching their lights flicker and dance in a frenzy brought a smile to his face, an unusual one at that.
“When I made it there, God knows how, but when I did… all I remember was that there was a huge cliff. And beyond that cliff I couldn’t see any land, any sky, even the air was non existent. And once you looked down, it seemed like…”
"You know that's not it Bobby" Dean erupts and stares at the older man "I'm fucking confused" he stands and phases between Bobby and Castiel- any place that was far away from the corner. Castiel sucks some air through his teeth and let's his lungs rest until Dean started speaking again.
Several seconds pass and he doesn’t initiate anything and Dean being a pain in the ass persists, but this time enunciating near his right ear.
The shots resonated in the room, the vines screech in the most agonizing range as they cripple from the sensation. Sam shot the creature in it's skull, a perfect aim right between the eyes. The cracks stretch outwards from the hole the bullet left and a ribbon of grey smoke pours out; the creature was motionless, stunned by the intensity of the silver bullet but the body still lingered
The love in his eyes had broken me completely, he was repeating the promises I had once made to him, and my heart ached just seeing him struggle so much.
“Don’t you ever take that trench coat off? I’ve honestly never seen you without it and it’s been a month since you came here!” he laughs and adjusts the red mp3 player on his chest, Castiel glances at it from time to time as he responds “I’m afraid it’s a part of me now- I feel strange without it” he laughs as he scratches his nose “And besides-I’m not the only one who has an issue parting with it” Castiel turns and adjusts himself to show one side of his coat with a round bulge moving about in one of the lower pockets.
"It's terrifying, that feeling of not knowing or discovering something you never desired. You were so hell bent on finding out, making it your purpose for the past few months and when the moment comes you feel almost...inadequate. Like you were too late. But that isn't the case here Dean. This is it. This is that moment of knowing, whatever you find now will be another step towards Sam"
As much as he tried to think of something else, Sam was the only factor that existed in all of them.
Castiel nudges Dean’s head and motions him to hide. His fuzzy back wriggles inside the bag deeply and he closes it from above-making sure he had a small opening for him to breathe through. He steps inside and is welcomed by the convenience store smell he’s grown accustomed to, especially the gas n sip scent. It’s clean, brighter than the natural yellow he was used to and it takes him a while to adjust. He hears the familiar cash register sound and the whirring of the refrigerators, an awkward smile on your face as you make eye contact with a guy at the counter.
"I remember fragments, o-only partly. This is ridiculous and unlikely, I don't need this right now..."
Castiel's arms became stiff from his sleep, but now they felt separated from his body, he had no idea what got into him when he raised his right arm. The bushy man's eyes widened but he remained steadfast and within a few seconds Castiel understood why. A surging pain rushed through his right shoulder and he bites his tongue from the pain, his arm is motionless as he falls to his knees. He could barely hold himself together but two soft, wrinkly grab onto him, twice in an hour already, yikes.
” Dean screams as he pushes him away, his eyes full of anguished anger “You think I was worth saving? Was Sam? Did you regret that decision too?” He swallows and rubs his hand over his face “Who gave you the right to save me when…why do you have a say in who deserves to be saved or not…just why, Cas?”
Dean pouts from the confusion, he was unsure he had called him that or not-his mind was too occupied to even remember what happened “Hmm, maybe I did. I guess” Dean recollected as he watches Castiel shuffle around in his bag “You didn’t like it?”
I hear a humming of a vehicle and I look up in vain, an old man with a long beard peers towards me and calls out from his pick-up truck, his accent thick in the wind “You okay man?”
Sam starts the ignition and swerves the car out of parking, you look up through the window and see the freshly trimmed grass aluminate from the morning dew, children are playing and slipping while the groundskeeper yells at them from a bench he refused to leave. More people leave the bakery with the same brown bags, a multiplicity of scents invade your atmosphere, chocolates, creams, strawberries and vanilla are the most dominant ones.
Sam chuckled. Dean noticed how much softer and happier his tone seemed as he continued to pry his eyes open, but to no such avail. He kept on calling his brother’s name even in this strange entrapment
Castiel shifts his gaze towards Dean, he was quiet this whole time and he wanted to hear him say something but his eyes remain fixed on Sam. Castiel extends his hand and places it on his stoff shoulder "Dean?" He whispers near him
“Yeah, I do but I’m kinda scared going off on my own alone you know? So it’s just safer if I wait” Castiel looks at the child who fiddles with their dirty brown curls and avoids eye contact, he couldn’t fathom how this child was going to kill him a few minutes ago, burn him to a crisp no less.
“I dunno, but it’s worth a shot, right? We know Cas can yank the things out of existence, so why not?”
“Uh…Well, good, then-we’ll get started right away” his jittery self returning as he let Cas walk beside him- he looks at Dean with a confused glare and the both of them watch Cas walk away towards the fire pit.
He didn’t want to think it but he could feel him, his steps dulled out by Plant’s bustling music and moans, all very good by the way “I thought you weren’t supposed to use your powers” he raises an eyebrow and turns around slowly, his eyes warm and inviting the moment he looked at him. Castiel walks slowly but his eyes are tired with his hands buried in his pockets- but a small smile on his dry lips.
Castiel finally gave out a smile that he was holding in for quite a while, the softness in Dean’s words began to pulse through his ears and it created a soothing hum in them.
Sam covers Crowley’s eyes and closes his own; catching a glimpse of a trench coated sleeve appearing on Dean’s left shoulder.
Their eyes fall upon another massive white room with a few dispersed metal tables-there were several shelves with board games and musical instruments scattered about as well, quite outdated ones too. The straight strip of carpet slithered all the way towards the other end of the room- most probably the path the tourists took back in the day. Chairs of a similar white color were spread out towards every corner and glass fragments crunch underneath your feet- you look up hesitantly to see that there was indeed a window that was shattered- the cracks outstretched towards the edge of the windowsill.
“Alright, alright I get the picture- but seriously you think ignoring them would be the wise choice? They were the ones who found you all those years ago when you were dazed and almost completely out of it. Don’t you think you owe it to them for that at least?”
Dean was too focused to pass on a remark so he chose to ignore him for the time being, he was actually a little concerned over the unstable weather condition. The clouds were the same, he thought, his stubbornness clearly at its peak. It honestly didn’t seem like a rainy day at least, maybe fog? Dean straightened his back as he kept on walking towards a trafficked road up ahead, regardless of how wide it was the massive cars and bullet proof vans were blocking even the most cramped up spaces. “I used this road to cross over all those years ago, there may be another way to cross it but I’m not really sure where that path might be” Castiel spoke as he looked around for any other short cuts.
“Hmm” Dean nods nonchalantly; his face bears a forced smile as he takes a few steps closer towards him “How long?”
“Cas?” Dean pulls on his coat again and looks into his eyes, so dim in the grey that surrounds them “Don’t do this…”
“I have to get us out of here! I don’t know if I can but I have to try!” you whisper as you gaze upon their faces, so pale and worn out from the Ijiraq’s handiwork.
I start to blush at his comment, completely unaware of the fact that I was so close to him. This was embarrassing.
“Oh yeah-you see him anywhere, huh? What is he going to do about it?” Dean comments with his outstretched arms “Hey Cas! Sam actually thinks you’re going to scold me or something! Hah!
Every time Sam had the chance to think freely, his head felt empty. Back when their lives were somewhat simpler, he would occupy himself with his belongings, his memories, his books, cases, lunch runs, scouring the internet for even more cases, more books, more...of the things that drove them towards something. But now all of those things just seem obsolete, all there is now is him thinking whether he’ll be waking up tomorrow or not; or maybe just accept everything and just fade into obscurity. What was worse?
Castiel’s eyes continued to wander until his gaze fell onto a recognizable back at the edge of the river. Dean's bloody hands were within the running water and he was rubbing his face tirelessly; dark drops fell into the river-his sighs were long and slow in the sense air-it worried Castiel the longer he looked.
Castiel drifted off again and placed his hand on of the dry barks of a tree nearby for support; once he looked up he felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up.
“I want to help out.” He speaks as his hand grasps onto Dean’s elbow “With, the plan?” he utters under his hesitant breath as he takes his hand back. Dean looks at him with his tilted head and squinting glare; he could sense a stern scolding from him about to burst.
“No you dumbass, it’s what’s inside that I wanted to show you” Dean laughs as he opens the lid and obscures Castiel’s view “Well…technically…it’s a gift” he mumbles as a small blush appears on his cheeks. The object is tucked between his middle and index finger and he reaches out to Castiel with a small smile-just how nervous was he?
"Cas?... Are you alright? It is you... Isn't it?" Dean spoke softly with the blatant skepticism in his eyes "What the fuck is going on?! Whose grave is it and why-"
Quite the confident little flightless angel, aren’t you? Your weapons cannot hurt me here; I thought you were wise enough not to try.
Sam’s tone fell deeply from his lips as it inundated in the room with a strange heaviness, even Dean paused from the change and swallowed hard, his eyes wet even from his forced grin.
“Oh look, he jokes too” Bobby responds in his bitter sarcastic voice, but Dean could tell that he was evading their looks on purpose, an embarrassed blush perhaps?
Sam shuffles towards the door on his side and pulls out the ice box and beige blanket “Heh, you definitely came prepared-blankets and all” Sam chuckles as he closes the door with his leg and starts walking towards the edge of the river. He bends down after he places the items down and swirls his fingers in the cold water.
"Crowley! I think I might understand what's happening to me! To all of us!" He beamed as he bit his lip and scratches his head so erratically it felt as if fleas were dancing in them. Crowley stands in one corner of the room and tries to control the confused look on his face, unfortunately Sam still continued.
Whoever reads this, I just want to say I'm so sorry for this, for anyone who even read this shitty fanfic. Things got hectic for me and I'm just so mentally unstable that i don't even know what I can do anymore. This fanfic meant so much to me and I want to continue this journey and bring it to its end, I planned on writing 2 more chunks of the series but now I don't know anymore.
“I need information, something that can be used against them. My grace is something that can do that and with it I’ll find a way to-”
The ceiling tunneled in and large pieces of concrete piled up in front of them, Dean starts fumbling with the heavy pieces in order to find an air gap, you follow his lead and push away the pieces as well.
“Aargh! Get out of my head for once! Just let me…” he feels a tear trickle down his cheek, he holds his cat closer and breathes in the grassy scent lingering on his fur, feeling the night air trim away the tethers that pull you to the earth all over again, tethers that he kept pulling-nothing made sense anymore.
, Dean. So vast and…its terrifying to get through even an ounce of you but seeing you carry this being is what gave me purpose…it’s what gave everyone purpose, to keep on fighting.” He watches his lost eyes wander around his face as the stillness around their feet starts to fade. But nothing fazes them as they continue to stare haplessly.
He was humming a certain time, it was so dim in his ears that he couldn't understand the words he was singing softly. He peeks from his hiding spot and just decided to wait this one out, he didn’t want to bother him in this moment.
“Err…odd choice but who am I to judge?” she giggles as she looks at Joe’s raised eyebrows and awkward smile, punching him lightly as they kept moving in the rain. Castiel grins as he holds his kitten gently and picks up the pace as well-feeling a little light headed as the cold enraptures him whole.
“They’re definitely here- I can sense several of them hidden inside” Castiel looks at Sam as he answers with his monotone voice
Castiel gave off a silent chuckle and they both started walking at the same pace as he gave his answer “The Edge, if I’m being honest I’m not a 100% sure about that place at all. Several theories suggest that it’s the place where our memories are born; others say that it’s where our old memories are buried. And many, even beyond these theories there were certain claims that it’s just a place where realities merge and there’s nothing but darkness.” Dean kept listening intently as Castiel wandered off with his words “But so many of those alleged claims are from false sources, from people who’ve never even set foot there. So there’s really nothing I can say about what’s true or not”
A cloud of sand appears where they stood as the light explodes with contained fervor, something so iridescent in this bleak nightfall.
“Oh you’re such an ass!” Dean groans but has a shy smile on his lips as he smacks Castiel’s knee. He missed his touch and Castiel wanted more of it but Dean had something else on his mind-the box was the only thing separating them and he waited patiently even if it was demanding “Is that what you wanted to show me? It’s a…interesting choice of a wooden box you have there…”
They sit together in silence watching the cat play and nibble on Castiel’s finger gently, his pupils massive from all of the adrenaline “I’d love to chat but I really need to go” he gets up and starts dusting his hands and shoves them into his black coat’s pockets. He turns to face him again, his eyes a little more mellow than before.
“Dean, can you please use words! Sentences even!” Sam waves his hands about as his anxious eyes bore into him, he’s laughing for some reason but his laughter subsides when Sam grabs him by the shoulders and shakes him immensely “Talk. Now.”
"I- uh- I haven't been able to sleep properly... Ever since I got this amulet" Crowley slowly sits down in his armchair, refusing to speak for the time being. "At first I thought I was being paranoid, I just thought 'Oh, it's just some bizzare old dream that I can't even remember once I wake up!' But then it just... Kept happening. Again, and
Sam’s eyes emit an incomprehensible look as he tries to come up with a sentence “I know you’re hurting but…”
He hesitates for a while, his blue eyes scrolling the floor as he does “It’s a plan that will be successful, something that has a high risk for me but it promises your safety, and saving everyone else”
The two of them stand at close proximity in the small garden with Castiel basking in the moonlight as he stares at the faint glimmer in the sky.
Dean still has his arms crossed with his tilted head, his shuffling stopped within a few minutes and he was out like a light, Castiel still stayed awake, feeling a little less claustrophobic the more Dean moved in his sleep, which was a lot.
You sense relentless pain, memories of John Winchester and of Lucifer in the cage, a woman in white, blood trickling from their fingertips, pulled out nails and salt upon their wounds, black eyes and rouge upon the floors of hell - all of it burns through you the more your cleansed them.
?” Dean places his lips on Castiel’s forehead but doesn’t kiss him. He grasps the back of his tangled hair and keeps his grip firm, Castiel rests his chin on his shoulder and lets his prickly stubble tickle him slightly-it eases him instantly and only holds onto him more, keeping him together somehow.
“I’ve mourned you, I’ve been mourning you for years it seems; we started drifting apart years before any of this happened. We had this strange unhealthy dependency on each other that no one could grasp, like hungry feral wolves that would tear each other apart…we kept changing and not for the better”
“Now the question is, what? Are you saying he’s being possessed by the thing?” Bobby intervenes as he gives his book to Dean, who scowls as he puts it aside with the others.
“Yeah, yeah- so I traced the both of you and then got caught up in this muck- without my consent mind you- after seeing those things mooch off of you and your boy I tried to come up with something a little more…demonic, in nature. After all only demons know other demons best, right? But the trench coated gremlin gave off a cosmic blast so wide he ended up taking all of us with him, amongst others that is. Needless to say we got dragged into a place where only monsters manage to thrive with their already gifted skillset, them and well you blokes I suppose-anything other than that are nothing but useless flesh sacks- no offense”
“You what?” Dean speaks abruptly, it brought Cas out of his daze and made him focus on him instead “And when did you plan on telling us?” Dean’s eyes grow tired the more he gawks- but Castiel didn’t mind, he always liked the way the creases in his eyes appeared and how green they would look in every shade he saw him in. “Well, I told you now. If I didn’t leave I wouldn’t have this information now would I?”
Dean stops and pulls back, he breathes deeply as he caresses Cas’ cheek and feels at ease by his fingers running through his hair “Damn, now you’re making me feel guilty about doing things to you” Dean laughs heartily as he joins his forehead with his and chaps his lips, Castiel laughs at his comment and grabs onto his hair and pulls him in for a rough kiss. He cranes his neck and continues to trace his kisses below his neck “Fine, then I’ll let you be guilty” he pulls his t shirt up and starts leaving butterfly kisses on his chest and collarbone.
“The gang’s back together” Sam whispers with a smile on his face, something he hasn’t really done in a while.
It grips onto your abdomen tightly- its nail circling your chest- which heaves away at an uneasy pace- You feared for something more painful- if that were even possible- you tried to blink your emotions away, hoping that whatever ounce of strength you had left was enough to end things. If only you could reverse everything
“But none of that matters anymore; you wouldn’t understand- even after everything I know you wouldn’t understand. I guess it is better this way, even if we found each other again it gives me a chance to do what’s right, especially for you two. I was never meant to be a part of your lives, not now- nor any time after this.”
“How do we reverse everything that’s happened?” Dean takes a step closer towards Castiel and so does Sam, their fists clenched as the creature turns to look at them both, a menacing smirk appearing at the corner of its distorted lips “You can either tell us now or let my friend here bleed you dry until you talk”
Dean stood motionless beside a massive black cloud, his eyes possessing a vague, empty grey in their usually playful tea green; his arms swayed and he rocked sideways with his parted bloody lips. The creature loomed above him curiously until it took note of the two new souls that entered.
“Oh and what will admitting do? Huh?” Dean stands up abruptly, his eyes sullen and wide as he stares at Sam vehemently “Will admitting my guilt and feelings change anything? Will admitting it bring back everything I’ve lost?”
“You know. After everything these past few years I kind of wanted you to…actually act like a friend, just this once? Zach, Alex and the rest of them? They didn’t even want to keep a nutcase like you the moment you stepped into our path. But me? I thought better than that- I thought hey- give the guy a chance, he might actually surprise us. And you did…occasionally. But I guess it’s my own stupidity that might’ve gotten the best of me even now”
Sam still runs, his legs jittery by the vibration of the floor beneath-it all came rushing back to him, the songs playing on the radio, the dry blood smell from their clothes as they sat on those leather seats, unsolicited visits by an Angel who ended up becoming family, pie runs and stakeouts with the smell of beer lingering in the air, laying your head down on those bleached motel sheets after the day was over, getting back up again with your ID and suit intact-everything that he had forgotten from all those years ago. The only thing that kept it all afloat was this chase, this hapless event that may or may not be the end of them.
“I knew we had to hide somewhere low key, so I ended up searching for small houses in an area where apartments were the ideal place to live in.”
Dean unconsciously felt himself shake when he saw the guard drag a fainted Castiel along with him. He threw his docile body across the ground and watched Luther place a few gentle caresses with his foot. Castiel was blinking slowly but he didn’t open his eyes, Luther’s feet kept pushing him to and fro until Castiel’s head tilted downwards.
“Okay, long story short the weather might act up, you understand?” Castiel points towards him with a raised eyebrow, Dean nodded slightly with an annoyed look on his face and ignored him completely. Castiel walked forward and allowed him to linger behind, as slow as he wanted to be he actually wanted to leave-much more than he wanted to admit. He glanced at his tent one last time and felt his stomach turn, he knew the chances he was risking right now and if he was being honest with himself, he was actually terrified.
“Guess I was hearing things…again” You shake off the strange goose bumps growing underneath your skin and extend your hand to release the car from its state and switch gears.
“I mean! I mean…like in the beginning, the days after we first met basically. You were always so close and relentless with me, always commenting on my shit and knowing nothing about personal space. You were always up front with everything, even with your feelings-especially regarding….us. It took me almost forever to actually get there with you so…I didn’t hide my face because I was ashamed of us I just…it had just been a really long time since I’ve been with someone and for Sam to find out that way…I just kinda freaked out”
Sam took a long hard breath and lets his anger slide. He hears him ramble and shower them with compliments, Sam took this as a sign and abandons Dean without a second thought.
“And I need you more for reasons that don’t involve your grace” he winks as he kisses the curves of his lips and then takes him in completely, he’s soft with his tongue and it always made Cas swoon like an idiot. He pulls on the ends of his hair and Cas feels drunk by the connection, the slightly small bed made it more exciting to be close to him this way, just lost in the trance of it all. Castiel moans fondly and lets Dean pull him in even more, if that were even possible. He rubs his hand on Dean’s chest and clutches onto his shirt from the ecstasy, he doesn’t know where else to put them but this felt good too, he just hoped he didn’t seem like an idiot to Dean. He hums back affectionately and starts kissing him more sensually, the heat from their bodies makes the room feel hotter but it doesn’t bother either of them, they’re just lost in the moment.
“No,” Dean protests, and after a beat, sets his mug on the end table. “We, uh. We’re roommates, right? Gotta talk about these things.”
He expects a lot more ‘tutoring sessions’ from there on out, and sure, they happen a couple times a week — but mostly, Dean uses his number just to text him.
And then he catches sight of Dean’s forearm in his peripheral, of the five little red crescents in the skin.
I mean — he told me he didn’t use ‘em before, and — and that he only bought it to make sure it’d be possible for us to — to — to —
” Cas interrupts, aware he sounds a little petulant, but he has a lot of feelings right now, and he’s having trouble sorting them all out
Before Dean can gamely express his gratitude, anyway, John lifts his glass of wine, a peculiar glint in his eye.
to look Dean in the eyes while Dean worked him open and fingered him to orgasm and, perhaps, accidentally came on him again, but the only reason you’d look someone in the eye through all of that is if you were at least a little bit interested in them, and the only reason Dean could possibly be comfortable doing this is because he trusts that Cas
He tries to think of who he might ask. Despite how often Meg teases him, he considers her a good friend — but is she a good enough friend that she would be willing to not only take time off training, but expend all that energy when there’s nothing in it for her? Meg is actually pretty nice, but he’s not sure she’s
“Look, Cas is—" He hesitates, glancing about the rest of the table, then leans in. “Cas is growing poison in his garden. He, uh. I think he might think he’s a witch.”
“I told him my place was under construction,” he tries, and Cas frowns, his bullshit-detector obviously in top-form.
“Get away,” he repeats, tired and itchy. He can’t seem to stop shifting, and neither can Dean, and the way Dean keeps swallowing, throat bobbing as he does so, is incredibly distracting. “Get away where?”
It’s the worst week Dean’s had in a long, long time, and it feels like the only thing keeping him going is the fact that Cas did
“Just – you know I love hearing you, and it – it’s hard for me, too, but I don’t want – like, we’re moving in with Mom and Dad, right? I mean,
“Hey, I’m pretty sure he and Val hooked up in the kitchen this morning. He deserves what he gets.” Dean pauses, and then looks a little sheepish. “But yeah. Poor kid’s seen some shit.”
“I don’t know. But there’s something. This isn’t — we’re not—” and he hates to use this word, he really does, especially hates to use it right before he goes to ask her to fucking fix his mess — “Communicating. And we could sit here all night and try, but that — that could make it worse. And I don’t want things to get worse. Not with you.”
Unfortunately, Jo low-key brandished her butterfly knife at him again, tonight, and in tandem with Cas’s aversion to yelling, he doesn’t dare do anything untoward in the parking lot of her mother’s bar.
Cas thinks with a snort. There’s no such thing, at least not for people like him. Clearly, Dean didn’t know what he was talking about.
“You told me about intimacy between men. Unless I’ve misunderstood what ‘seduction’ means, that’s not the same thing.”
He draws himself up, furious more with himself than Dean but ready to take it out on him, nonetheless, to point out that
“Bed,” he repeats sternly, and at last, Dean starts shuffling along with him, both hands moving to grip Cas’s ass and hoist him onto it once they get there. Cas yanks Dean down after, sweater pooling around their middles, and the moment Dean’s lower half presses down against his-
He can’t change, can’t force himself to be happy this way, and Dean would never ask him to. Dean’s the fucked up one, the insecure one who needs and needs and
Cas startles, coffee nearly sloshing out of the mug, and turns away from where Kate is stripping the sheets to see Dean standing in the doorway, a tentative smile on his face.
He thinks about making out with Cas in the garden, in full, shameless view of all the plants, and he thinks about chasing the taste of after-dinner coffee, awkwardly leaned over that stupid table in his bedroom. He thinks about forgoing the riding trip altogether, tripping over the threshold and falling into Cas’s arms, and he thinks about ignoring the beautiful view from the hill in favor of pressing his mouth to Cas’s and leaving it there for the next half-hour.
you. All of you. And I love you. And I know you’ll do the same for me, because you love me, and that — it makes me better, just by being so.”
“They’re going to be disgusting all evening, aren’t they?” Jo asks dryly, and Cas thinks he hears someone smack her head. “Ow. Fine.”
And yet, his insides felt all cold and cavey, like they had when his Dad called and said there was a change of plans, and they’d be starting school at Bobby’s instead of him coming to get them, like he’d said.
“Conversation wasn’t exactly lengthy. We attacked ‘em, the omega beat the shit out of us, we came to a while later.”
Charlie makes them all sit on a blanket outside so she can perch halfway on him, and though it makes eating very difficult, her bright, lemondrop scent is reassuringly familiar. He’s missed it, and he’s grateful for the contact.
Like now, for instance, because what she’s saying makes a weird amount of sense to him, if he thinks about his and Cas’s friendship after high school.
His thumbs twitch against the skin right behind Cas’s earlobes as he speaks, and Cas wonders if he realizes he’s tilting Cas’s head slightly.
“I swear to God,” she muses, once they’re out of earshot. “She’s the kind of person who catches you doing something dirty in the library, and when she reports you, she
“Wait! Our movie got ruined, and coffee didn’t work out, obviously, so . . . how about you and I get drinks at
“I’m not sure. I want to think about it more. You, too — there is much for you to think about. And regardless of anything, you should spend time with your friends.”
sudden. And even though Cas didn’t even know he was going to kiss Dean, that first time in the courtyard, until he was doing it — it still didn’t feel abrupt the way this does. It had felt like the natural thing to do.
“Yes, he is,” Charlie agrees cryptically. “Which is why I’m kind of curious as to how exactly you think this is a better plan. Because actually, you
a voice that’s amused and smooth and deep and makes the hair on Cas’s neck stand up and his stomach feel strange and — and —
Charlie screws up her face like some kind of foul animal excrement has just been waved beneath it, and oh, right, that would be the bullshit Dean just spewed.
“Because I’m trying really, really hard to make you feel good.” He smiles slightly. “Is it working?”
come to expect things from sex, besides an orgasm. And maybe that’s part of the problem — maybe that’s why he’s being denied those things — but knowing that doesn’t change the fact that he’s used to it now, and what’s worse, Cas has come to want to
“This is wonderful, Dean.” He looks back up, eyes bright. “And she didn’t even come to enforce curfew, last night. I think she’s starting to like you.”
“No, no, come on, we talked about this with Pam, remember?” Dean insists, but his desperation is just further evidence.
“Yeah. There’s been a lot going on here, so. You probably wish you had more time to yourself, too, I bet.”
“One hundred days. That’s the rule. I’m not allowed to make a choice before then, and once I do, I’m bound to see it through.” Cas looks at him, intent. “One hundred days for each of us.”
“Well, you were drunk,” he tells him, carefully watching for his reaction. “I sat next to you on the sofa, and you — leaned forward, I guess, and I was confused, but you kept leaning, and I leaned back because if I didn’t we would have kissed. And then I realized that’s what you were trying to do, and I fell over.”
This feels like that, in some ways, but it also doesn’t; it feels like, despite the changes they’ve both undergone, they’ve found their way back to some combination of how things were before and in college, with something strange and new and unexpectedly comforting thrown in.
“No, but you’re sick and, more importantly, an adult, which means you get to make your own decisions.”
turn that off,” Hannah begs, unusually hoarse. It’s not unexpected. Hannah usually starts the evening with a flustered, “Oh, well, I suppose just one,” and finishes it with a, “Next round’s on me, my righteous brethren!” shouted across the bar. Balthazar is a
“What about in my garden, when I visit?” Cas continues, ignoring him. “In theory, you’re the prince. You could tell everyone to stay away, couldn’t you?”
really like your way, way smarter ass. And you’re gonna tell me how you want me to do that. Capisce?”
He gets nearly all of Dean in his mouth, this time, and though he chokes when he tries to swallow his release the way he’s been wanting to, Dean just tugs him upward and licks his mouth and chin clean, mumbling enthusiastically about how amazing it was and how incredible Cas is and a whole host of other ridiculous, wonderful things.
“Last time I saw her she shoved me out of her room and told me she hoped I didn’t get a tree disease from the Purgaean woods, except
Which — Dean is really good-looking. It was a shock to everyone and it’s commented on often enough that he doesn’t bother trying to deny it, to them or himself. And going by Cas’s reaction in the club, he’s probably exactly Cas’s type.
Dean toying with his hair while Cas takes a bath, relaxing muscles sore from fun things they did in bed, an absentminded gesture while Dean reads him funny things from the internet; Dean lit up in the bright morning sun, an answering
“If he’s not, he’s always welcome back here. I know he doesn’t care for the rules, but things are still settling. With time, I think I can improve them.”
But the fucked up part of it is, Dean’s always been secretly grateful to that kid (even though he was a dick and had no business talking shit about Cas), because there was a harrowing few minutes there when Sam and Dean arrived at the playground where Cas
Cas, still preoccupied with the way Jo is leaned against the bar, watching him while she toys with a butterfly knife, flinches, abruptly shifting his attention to the tall man who’s appeared at the table.
“Uh. No. No, but — you don’t — you shouldn’t worry about it, Cas. Unless I like, die on the way or something, I’m gonna be back before you know it.”
The thing is, Castiel Novak — or Casanovak, as Dean’s heard him called — has never spoken to him. Why would he? Dean is two grades behind him and also a certified nerd, despite the mostly inactive position he occupies on the football team, and Dean’s okay with that. He’s okay with Novak not knowing he exists, because honestly, they have nothing in common.
“Like what?” Dean asks, because apparently he hates himself. Even if Cas spends every sleepless night fantasizing about all the dirty things they could do together — which seems unlikely, given the whole angelcorn thing — that doesn’t mean he’d ever be willing to act on it, not when so much is at stake.
“He’s exactly as naive as I think,” Dean mutters. “Or else he would have taken one look at us and gone back to the barracks, like a decent friend.”
reason to recite the Star Trek intro in his head (a reason like needing to distract himself from coming too soon).
Dean doesn’t really fold him in half, so much as he simply settles in the vee of Cas’s hips, grasping Cas’s legs to guide them around himself, and once Cas is satisfactorily looped around him—
Cas still can’t stand the sight of the cloth bag, ominous and daunting where it always sits on the nightstand, and yet now he’s wishing he’d had the fortitude to attempt it.
Although, that’ll mean they have to eat at the table, when Dean was kind of looking forward to dragging the tray back to bed, where it’s soft and warm and cozy.
Actually, Cas is having visions of other ways last night could have gone horribly wrong, and while he’s not
“Oh.” Cas glances to the pile of crates, contemplative. “It did. Or rather — I was bothered that she wanted to involve me at all. When I came here, I just — I just wanted to be left alone and forgotten.”
the one who asked her these questions in the first place; as difficult as she seems determined to be, she
Dean jumps at the angry buzz, eyes flicking to the nightstand, Cas’s phone screen briefly lit up before it goes dark again, and he stares at it for a long, horrified moment while he questions just what that notification could have been for.
Cas’s fingers dig into his back, and he sighs again, body twitching minutely as Dean wets his tongue against the spot, scraping his teeth over it and then sucking until it turns from pink to red to ever-so-slightly purple.
I’ve grown up, and I know you, now. And my feelings for you now are separate from whatever they may have started as.”
“Are you sure?” he whispers, and Cas nods, holding out a hand, the very picture of calm welcome. “I don’t — I don’t want you to hate me.”
“There a reason she wanted you out?” Dean asks, giving it a curious look, and Cas shakes his head, sighing.
Dean looks at him for a long moment, and then his tongue darts out to wet his lower lip. Cas watches it, transfixed, humor almost entirely faded now, and he’s just beginning to wonder if — if something is about to
“Good-looking. You said I was ‘good-looking.’ You meant — on my own. Not just in things that make me look better.”
“They’re the most beautiful gardens in the kingdom,” she informs him, pausing at the window to admire the view. “Though I hear yours’ll be almost as nice.”
“No, really. You better hurry, or I’m gonna have to start digging through my wallet for a twenty of my own.”
And perhaps that’s not necessarily a good thing, at least not on the surface, but Cas will always remember that moment in the garden, will always remember the way Dean looked at him, the way Dean’s cheek felt beneath his fingertips, and whatever anyone else thinks-
“I’ve done nothing wrong!” she insists, though she still looks afraid. “It’s just original fiction about two men who are very in love with each other, and Castiel seeing it was an accident. It’s not harassment!”
“Oh, God, did you really?” She looks at him, delighted. “I’m surprised he didn’t shove you back out!”
Cas tries to convince him in the fantasy, riding him for all he’s worth on the lumpy, narrow cot in the cell.
“I asked him why he was angry,” he says slowly. “And — he accused me of cheating. And then I pointed out we weren’t in a relationship.”
For someone who said she was working and didn’t have time to play with them, Tracy’s being very participatory.
remember that. If he’d let himself trail after Cas from day one, desperately trying to court the guy like the lovesick fool he is . . .
“And this? Is not making me happy. So, since neither of us are happy, I think we should do something at least
can’t know that. If he’s safe and sound with Anna, then — we’re gonna let him be. Like we should have to begin with. That’s the
Cas is no stranger to having to regularly wash his clothes, and his borrowed wardrobe is more extensive than the one he left behind; still, he’s picky about his drawers, and he’s had to wash this pair out every night after his bath so they’d be dry by the morning.
“I bet your brother and sister-in-law were grateful to have you,” Dean protests. “I don’t have any kids for him to babysit and help entertain, but I’d love it if Sam came back here after school.”
“That was unnecessary,” Cas complains, trudging back up the stairs with Anna in tow. “You could have just told us to
“A person of very questionable morals,” Cas typically answered, at a loss as to how to cheer him. It was not long after Cas’s midnight knock on November 2
They all pack into the parlor for most of the day, though Dean and Cas are due at the Singer Estate for Christmas dinner and time with Dean’s family. Cas receives a dizzying amount of congratulations and hugs when he awkwardly announces that they’ve mated — something that seems to surprise no one — and that the king has given them permission to marry — something that very nearly provokes a
Cas smells . . . interesting, to say the least, and Dean hurries back to his own side when he’s done, trying not to think about it.
it makes Sam unhappy, for whatever reason, so it’s only reasonable that it should stop, isn’t it? Sam is Cas’s dearest friend, and he refuses to tolerate any harassment of him, intentional or otherwise.
too much stress. I don’t know if it’s politics or worrying that Dean’s gonna spirit you away in the night to keep you in a sex dungeon for the rest of your life or
Cas hums, and slowly, Dean withdraws, watching himself slide out of Cas, cool air ghosting over his lube-shiny cock before he sinks back into wet heat with a tiny groan, and on the next stroke, Cas arches, pushing back.
While I do believe his relationship issues are triggered by a feeling of permanence, I don’t necessarily think the cause is where he imagines the future to be headed. I think he develops an awareness of being . . . restricted. In the beginning of the relationship, Dean is pursuing what he wants — enjoying the hunt, if you will. But then he feels trapped by it, and he starts closing himself off and subtly severing the bond in order to get free.”
Cas, for his part, watches impassively from within the cell, some distant part of him wishing enforcement had show n up just a little bit later.
He reddens at the thought. He’s probably overthinking this, or just thinking too far ahead. And sure, that could all happen here in the next six months, because puberty is weird, but it could also take a couple more years, and — and yeah, that’s definitely thinking too far ahead.
Anyway, they get the rest of their crap into Baby without too much rearranging needed, and to Dean’s relief, the walkthrough goes just fine. The lady from the leasing office tilts her head a little at the new soap dish and fresh caulk, but she doesn’t say anything or make any notes on her clipboard, and she remarks at length over the immaculate state of the kitchen.
Dean withdraws after some too-short eternity of this torture, and Cas turns his face with a gasp, confused and distraught, though he understands Dean can’t be expected to do such a thing for any length of time.
“You bet. Last weekend. See that brunette walking over now? Eileen Leahy. The kids were playing video games at Deano’s, I guess, and gay makeouts are part of Bradbury’s victory dance. Apparently the whole damn street heard his dad yelling.”
Lucy’s jaw drops, and Cas turns to face Billie, curious. The dinner shift will be in any time now; where would Anna go, at this hour?
“I’ll follow, as soon as I can,” Cas promises, hands still curled in Dean’s lapels, and Dean takes a deep breath and nods.
“Right,” Gordon says dryly. “I’m just saying. His majesty pays a lot more attention than you might think.”
Dean shakes his head, irritated. He shouldn’t have been so fucking nice, the first night. Should have sent Cas dinner in his room and crashed on Benny’s floor and said as little as possible to the guy. He was such an idiot, so goddamn
Cas hasn’t really ever thought about mating. Ellen had mentioned it briefly when she spoke to him, but none of it seemed relevant to him, and he’s never given it any thought. Even when he was very young and expected to present as an alpha, he’d been preoccupied with becoming a knight; he supposes, had he stayed in Eden, Michael still would have married him off to someone, and he must have peripherally understood that it was a non-issue.
with him — which left Cas awkwardly sitting on Bobby's sofa while John openly studied him from the adjacent chair and Cas forced himself to meet his eyes. Not only did John look down on cowardice, Cas wasn’t afraid of him (mostly) and he wanted John to know it.
They go on like that, strangely beautiful and absolutely captivating to the onlooking crowd, and Dean can’t tear his eyes away. Sweat drips down their temples, muscles straining beneath sleeves, but neither one of them seems to flag or falter.
Dean is turned to face him, arm resting on his stomach as he watches Cas, and he does so with a look like—
Dean’s hands slow, barely moving, and then those short, warm breaths touch the column of Cas’s throat.
“Must be serious.” There’s a pause, and when he glances over, she’s got that sharp, calculating look on her face, the one that makes her look just like Ellen. “Should I be worried?”
He gets more staring in response, the plate of spaghetti Dean just put in front of him no longer a contender for Most Interesting Thing In the Room, and Dean waits a full minute before he realizes it’s pointless and picks up his fork.
They kiss for what feels like forever, the crowd loud and swarming around them, utterly unimportant, but it’s still not really enough for Dean. Cas’s hands are in his hair, mouth warm and sweet against his own, still demanding in its way, and Dean feels like the giant lighted Rudolph in his mother’s front yard, immense and softly glowing in the night.
He stares for a moment; there are boys on either side of her, but one of them is wearing a cap and practically dwarfs the redhead, so he shifts his gaze to the other one and finds the freckles she mentioned.
Dean had told her that. Cas had gone quiet, unable to, because he doesn’t usually think of their relationship in fixed terms — tries not to think too hard about it, at all — but once asked, he had no idea how to answer, especially with Dean sitting right next to him.
Dean’s seriously considering making a break for the teacher’s lounge before his next class, but then he notices a student hovering a few feet away from his desk; it’s the blonde girl who sits by the window, and she stands there with classic teenage awkwardness, one hand fidgeting at the hem of her — admittedly very cool — leather jacket. It’s not quite September, and they’ve had more hellish hot days than not, but he doesn’t think he’s seen her without it.
bullshit, isn’t it? Nothing about this sounds like anything else Dean’s ever heard, and even if it were — every time they’ve talked about it, Cas acts like he’s sticking around for good. If he had some shitty one-hundred-day timeline, he’d have at least hinted at it.
“Sure.” He hesitates, holding onto his plate for a moment. “It was delicious, as always. Thank you, Dean.”
incredibly sensitive to any odd sound around her door, and she sleeps with a knife under her pillow . . . well, they’re very fortunate no one was hurt.)
“Or safeword,” she agrees easily. “But one of the reasons you come to see me, is so that I can help you think about things, and talk about things, and offer some additional perspective when you might need it. And I think you might need it.”
actually sounds really, really nice. After all, Cas is somebody he loves, somebody he’s been missing for months. Who
to this. “We’re best friends, remember? You get to be a little rude with me. You get to be a little weird, too.
Dean shrugs, glancing back at his cereal bowl, where the flakes are probably turning soggy, though he’s not worried about it. Cas feeling like he can talk through weird sex stuff, get some reassurance that it’s actually not that weird and, more importantly, that he can trust Dean with just about anything – that’s way more important, right now.
“Uh. Yeah.” That made sense, Dean guessed, although he was still kinda confused. Given how mad his Dad sounded, Dean was pretty sure this wasn’t what he wanted Bobby to talk about.
“No,” Cas answers honestly. “I’ve spent two weeks practicing, and I’m a little tired of eating pie.”
“Right, so anyway, we pick him up and he comes in playing this delicate little flower, afraid of the big bad alpha who’s gonna steal his virtue — and then he’s charging into battle and lifting carriages and yelling at me,
But they still have no idea where they went, and there’s still a chance Bela was just holding onto him until John denounced the marriage and branded him a traitor.
So Cas gives up, relaxing for the first time in almost two days, and figures he can worry about it tomorrow, when Dean may or may not actually contact him.
! If not for my family, you wouldn’t be sitting on that throne, you pathetic excuse for an Alpha! If they’d only known what an embarrassment you’d make of this kingdom — we would have died with the True Queen before we ever stood alongside the likes of
Oblivious, Dean nimbly starts guiding his boxers down, touch fleeting and efficient but effective nonetheless. All thought departs as Cas’s fingers tighten in Dean’s hair, but Dean doesn’t even seem to
“It’s fine. I can do—” Cas starts, and Dean angles toward him slightly to listen, knocking back the glass and taking a deep swallow. Cas swiftly turns away and fiddles with the coffee pot. “Both. I can — do both. It’s nice to see you using a glass instead of the carton.”
They look at one another, hesitant, which is probably fair, because technically Dean wrote a very polite letter to his father just before they let him out of bed.
a lot of spiteful things, but I’ve yet to hear an example of one of you deliberately hurting the other, not with any serious intent. Second . . . that’s an odd choice of word, Castiel.” She pauses. “We talked about your desire for more affection, last week, and you said similar things about it.”
“Well, you must be tired, Val,” he says, flashing his most charming smile. Beside him, the honeycake Cas is not at all discreetly wrapping in his napkin tumbles right out onto the table, but Dean ignores it in favor of injecting just the right amount of suggestion into his next words. “I’d be happy to escort you to your chamber.”
through — and he thinks of Samandriel, of his puzzling preoccupation with his sister’s seemingly hopeless cause, and he understands that a little better, too. Cas doesn’t
“Yes,” Cas declares, inching back as he nods enthusiastically. “Very much alright. With all things. Thank you, Sam. If you were my brother, you would be my favorite brother.”
“I . . . I can’t stop . . .” He clears his throat, lowering his voice for a reason he doesn’t fully understand. “I think about having orgasms with him
“I’m sure the Drive didn’t help,” Mr. Hadley grumbles. “As if what they’d done in the first pace wasn’t bad enough.”
But Roy’s tired of getting thrown on the ground, and the minute he’s back up this time, he rushes Dean, leaving all thoughts of sideline conversations behind.
“Oh, I mean, I guess. We’ve been playing since we could stand up straight and hold the dart, after all. But, um, you seem like you’re gettin’ the hang of it okay.”
“Hey, Chief. How, uh, how’s it going?” Hopefully she won’t ask about the doctor or the signing classes or, you know, why Dean canceled all of them.
“You like me giving you my fingers?” Dean clarifies, and that finger slides deeper, too small to feel like much, but a sensation Cas nonetheless appreciates.
Nope, it was just them, their bed and their room, just the way it always is. That was Cas’s flower comb, and that was Cas’s scent — right down to that bloom of arousal, which Dean’s stupid fucking brain apparently remembers vividly from their time in Eden — and that was his smile, the one he gives Dean when he’s happy, with Dean specifically.
Dean sighs again, and then he’s shifting, pulling back slightly, and Cas lifts his head to look at him.
That wasn’t Cas being mad, or kind of upset. That was Cas in full crisis, breaking down completely, and even if Dean was just the most convenient option, Cas still trusted him with that.
“Hey,” he says one day, carefully prodding the soil around his Forget-Me-Nots. There’s cute green stuff squirming its way out of the ground, and Dean’s pretty excited to see it turn into blue flowers. “If I ever, uh. If I make you . . . uncomfortable, or something, and — and you need me to do something different, just tell me, okay? You can. I mean, you can always tell me, if you need something from me.”
Speechless, Dean’s focus returns to staring, leaving the room silent but for Cas’s content, even breathing. He swallows, tries to find his voice before Cas has completely fallen back asleep, though it may already be too late.
him and they’re going to eat in bed together, and when Dean comes back and gingerly crawls in a respectable foot away from him, Cas decides that’s the best he’s going to get.
He sucks in a breath at the first touch of Dean’s finger, and Dean counts several seconds before he finally seems to remember to let it out. Dean just keeps circling gently, slicking his rim, and after a moment, Cas’s hips twitch down, pressing back.
He holds his breath, worried that was too far, too revealing, but Cas just looks at him for a moment, unreadable.
“Not badly, but – he’s in a cast, and he’s not going to be doing any more quarantine projects. At least, assuming it doesn’t last for more than another six weeks,” she mutters.
He’s worried it won’t happen, after what Kate asked him — Cas still doesn’t understand what Dean intended, by suggesting such a thing, and even if the choice was
Michael purses his lips, and Cas is delighted to realize his brother can’t simply throw his weight around here and have his way.
let you help me. You have always connected better with people — better than most people, not just me. It’s instinctive, for you.”
A few hours later, Cas wakes up alone, mouth fouler than he thinks it’s ever been, in the wrong bed to a clock that reads half past ten.
And then he seizes Dean’s face between his hands and kisses him, hard and determined, and before Dean can even catch his breath, it hits him, wave after wave of heat and tension and pure, blinding
in this moment that he doesn’t quite dare. Maybe some other time, he decides, and forces himself to turn back to the table before he gets caught staring.
“Actually, um, everybody says it’s because he never got over his first love.” She hesitates, eyes flicking between him and her book. “In high school.”
“It’s not a joke,” he mumbles. “Last night. He, uh, he’s been behaving differently for several days, now, and . . . I suppose that was why.”
“I don’t know! It just is!” Dean makes a face at his teacup. “Which — that’s the other thing. He said — tonight, Cas said he’d
And then he shakes off Cas’s hand and seizes it, rolling them and pinning it high above Cas’s head, relishing the way his breath hitches at the motion, Dean still seated deep inside him.
This was a bad idea, and he was wrong to think he could handle it, that their friendship could survive it.
it’s all our fucking fault. You should have gone after him, and I should have come the minute the post started having issues, Dad be damned, and—”
Ambiguity on Anna’s interest: Valencia is trying to aid Bela’s efforts to fix Anna’s interest/court her in some fashion, and while the intent is for Anna to just seem oblivious, though she gets along quite well with Cas’s weird friend, because she’s oblivious, this can also be interpreted as Bela not taking a hint and Valencia giving her an opportunity to subject Anna to unwanted attention. My understanding of the situation is that there is a mutual attraction there, and Anna’s obtuseness is a joke about a lack of self-awareness, rampant in this story, but that isn’t well-explained or detailed and I apologize for any discomfort that results from that ambiguity/the situation in general.
“What? Oh. No, I’m sure Sam will.” Dean and Sam would never leave each other for good, after all. If Cas thinks, sometimes, that Dean would just take Sam and Baby and run, then he thinks almost as often that Sam, no matter how much he complained about it, would willingly go with him.
“See, uh. Disney movies — they always have a happy ending. So I forgot, you know, that it’s kind of scary there for a while, ‘cause in real life — there’s no guarantee. But Ariel — the thing about Ariel is, she’s, uh. She’s really brave, and just, and she saved Prince Eric’s ass, and she loved him enough to go through all that trouble — of course he loves her back, you know? It’s just a no-brainer. And that — that’s after three
Sam clenches his jaw again as he quietly takes moments to gaze through his binoculars- Dean extends his hand and takes the binoculars away from him and started looking through them himself.
"I'm scared... Cas. I don't know" Dean shivers, his face a little pale from the lack of blood flow, he doesn't even loosen his grip on the journal even once. He tries sucking in his emotions and tears but even so he just stares at it menacingly.
They look away and gaze at one another with furrowed brows and nervous gulps- something Crowley had anticipated beforehand
“I…suppose that would be alright” Castiel shuffles to his feet and grabs his bag with his free hand, the other still grasping on his little companion who looks a bit annoyed at the disturbance “I’d be happy to follow”. Cam looks towards Joe and nods happily “Alright! Hey Dylan! Let’s get going! We’re bringing in guests too!” she yells towards her third friend who seemed dazed until this moment. She gestures towards them and Castiel follows at a slow pace, making sure the rain didn’t fall on his kitten’s head.
Sam eyes him grimly and diverts his attention to the small necklace in his hand, the Tiki mask looked quite worn out from the last time he saw it and it honestly scared him to be holding it so freely “If you took it, then why did you try giving it away? And with a whole back story connected to it too… What were you doing Crowley?” Sam questioned him, his jaw clenched and waiting for a response, Crowley closed his eyes uneasily before he answered.
You grasp even harder as you feel this confounding drumming inside you, this terrified you and for some reason the ones behind you did not, you felt no strong emotion emanate from Dean and no reasonable musings from Sam.
Dean's eyes grow wide and he starts to blink again, quite excessively. He lowers his head and adjusts himself in his confined space, a few sniffs and groans from his agitation echo within their domain and Castiel only eases into the sound-he knew Dean felt the same way.
That couldn't be it. He lifts him up and places his arm over his shoulder. His twitching self creeped the hell out of Dean but he didn't give into the fear. He adjusts his weight over him even with his wavering arms, he took one last look at his gravestone again, the uncertainty clouding his judgment all over again.
"What? Did you just say James Dean?" Dean mused with a smug smile beaming from ear to ear. Castiel shuts his eyes and tries to hide his red face.
Castiel gives the photograph back and his hand traces another familiar object from the Winchester memorabilia. He pulls out the familiar tiki mask necklace and lets it swing about in their view “You haven’t hidden your grace in this one either have you?” Dean jokes but Castiel can feel his shiver surge through him-he felt the same way
You stab their molten root like hands, but their grip on your body grew so tight you started to choke. Even with the excruciating pain you never let go of the blade eroding into your skin- their fingers were sweltering with vehemence, you let out a shriek as it melts through your coat and clothes, your skin sizzled when it burrowed through and your screams continued, emanating more louder than before.
Their breathing is in synch as they gaze into each other’s eyes, that is all there is. The space between them fading away with each breath they took
The blurry shadows danced in the clustered shack, their movements small and glitchy. Dean pushed the stool from underneath him and placed it to the side of the room and he sulked towards the small space he had created in front of the window, the expression in his eyes dead and jaded "I'm still me Sam, you don't need to worry about me going anywhere". Sam opened his mouth slightly before he closed it again and he pushes himself from the wall, his footsteps are silent as he walks towards his dusty chambers "I'll see you tomorrow Dean. Goodnight" Sam whispers as he cleans himself up and lies down on the old mattress on the floor. Dean could hear him take his boots off and lie down, the creaks of the spring mattress echoing immensely as Sam shuffled his way into sleep. Dean twists and turns on the cold floor and blows out the light, the smoke spreads it's burnt scent in the room and Dean only hoped it wasn't strong enough to attract anything.
Sam felt his insides melt as he heard the sincerity in Dean’s voice; he turns his head slightly but didn’t make eye contact.
Crowley continues to stare at the floor with no reaction and no emotion whatsoever, he felt completely powerless to this maybe true maybe false information, he just didn't know what to say because he too felt so confused by everything he was saying. It somehow made...sense
“Dean, all of this- all of my visions and every person I met along the way led me closer to my past- to our past. Memories that Cas took away from us somehow.”
You must be wondering why I'm running about frantically?, well I think there is no need for an explanation.
Your hands swirl the blade’s handle and you rush towards the elongated smoke of body. You evade it's sharp claws as it dives with reckless fervour. Your grace is gleaming and electric as it wraps itself around the blade, twisting like vines from your hand to its sharp edge. Your crisp wings unfurl and give you enough strength to take a leap, slashing your blade through the crack in its skull. The dark mist implodes and expels a massive gust of wind in the process, sending a strange jolt of pain in your back.
You hear voices, murmurs of never ending woes- veins being cut open- irises that encompass the wildest of realms- innumerable amounts of passion and the colors that burst from the carnage- you and Dean on the beach, watching the waves crash into you, him taking photos from an old camera- you see Sam, the both of you wandering between rows and rows of bookshelves, you hold the books he keeps pulling out from the horror section- you see the both of them- they muse over the contents of a recipe book, Dean a lot more so than Sam. There is another who stands with them, a young boy with light hair and a kind smile- Dean pulls him into a hug and pushes him towards the stove- Sam grins playfully and smears sauce over the teenager’s nose. The boy beckons you to save him from Sam and Dean’s playfulness- you can’t help but smile at the sight of them- you see yourself, standing in the moors- you have no shoes on and only wear a white pajama suit and your trench coat, the sun looks the brightest its ever been- the brightest it may ever be.
“Yeah we did- well…it was kinda my own at first but then I kept updating it along the way- but life had other plans” he blinks weakly as he adjusts his bandage.
"Ugh okay you know what? I am having a really shitty day so I think you should just go" I sighed as I rested my back against the  cushions. Cas lifted his face and kept looking at me with his squinted eyes. "Dude I mean it, just go already. You're free" I laughed.
“But I saw you and… I didn’t even hesitate, at least not in the same way. Now I wonder that… if I agreed then, I could’ve seen you months before and maybe, just maybe I could’ve-”
Sam feels hurt after hearing their soft dry voices and he decides to focus elsewhere. He watches the other stalls and the items they were providing. He notices a few that actually did catch his eye and it didn’t seem like they carried any diseases either, like a Swiss army knife with a decent looking brown leather holster and a toolbox with only some of the tools present. He noticed some of the canned goods they were trading and many of them smelled vile even from the distance Sam stood, a few steps later he was stumbling out of the occupied land.
“Yeah, okay” you respond with a vague nod and a distant smile- you don’t mean to, but it just happens anyways.
"Not SAFE?! Gah!" Dean laughs sarcastically as he held in an infuriating scream "Sam, I don't know where your head is but for the love of...the word 'safe' is an
“Where did you?.. what? Where did this?-” Castiel stammers, his eyes a lot more luminous than usual.
and I’ve managed to ruin this too. You think your touch corrupts, right?” He pulls away and grabs Castiel’s hand again but this time he places it on his cheek, his eyes searing into his as the tears fall slowly. The freckles are more vivid than he had remembered them to be-but just as beautiful.
. Literally screaming for their life and I couldn’t understand any of it. Sam carried me deeper into the woods and he kept telling me to ‘hang on’ but even as I ran a sudden boom had erupted from somewhere. I looked at the sky and saw the moon completely eradicate itself from the cloudless sky; the birds that flew above fell down as if the moon had sucked the life out of them and took them with it. Sam kept turning back and looking at the scene but he refused to stop running in the other direction. The next thing I knew we were blinded by this massive light that caught up to us in no time. The ringing in my ears amplified when it happened- a blue light just swallowing us whole into something...something we didn't know. We woke up several hours later, Sam had fainted nearby thankfully but...the moment I looked up I knew that things felt...different. Everything had changed”
“We’ll be reaching the city soon, so be ready for anything. Absolutely anything at all” Castiel spoke in his hushed voice, Dean’s eyes melt into his and he knew he was about to face one of the obstacles that would bring him closer to his brother.
“I watched them all in silence, only the man’s sobbing was echoing in the damp foggy atmosphere until he began to utter something under his breath, from where I stood I couldn’t understand anything. It sounded like a prayer but...it was something else. He jolted and...everything becomes blurry after that. I hear the man cry out, his chest completely exposed to the demons that opened their mouths and extended their shadowy fingers towards him. Until… shit, how do I explain this? Well, until he started to glow. Literally GLOW. He started to emit this blue light and it only grew in size. They didn't know what hit em. The massive blue energy erupted like it was some kind of bloody bomb, the light began to spread and I could hear...voices. Familiar voices but still very...unfamiliar. The creatures began to hiss as the light burned through them, their inhuman like speed couldn’t even help them escape and they ended up writhing in pain by the burns, every part of their shadow like body disappeared and melted away but the guy...it was almost like he was bathing himself in that light, completely unharmed. He refused to move at all and the shaking ground beneath us was in no way a good sign, no matter how good the fool made it look. I took that as a sign to make my escape and I ran, I ran like hell in the other direction and didn’t look back; my feet hurt from the excessive toxins that invaded my lungs but I refused to turn around. The whispers grew around me and...I started losing my grip on reality"
Sam rolled his eyes, completely bemused by his explanation “Sacrificing and being stupid are two separate things, you literally jumped out of the truck!”
“What the hell do you think you’re doing? You can’t possibly think you’ll make it out alive!” Dean shouts as he gets closer to Castiel, who has a strange assertiveness in his eyes “Talk to me. I can’t let you bail knowing you can help Sam, I don’t want to use force”
“He made me think that he…. does it matter, really? Nothing matters” Dean chokes on his words and Sam sees him struggle to breathe, whether it was from anger or sadness he couldn’t really grasp it, it was always a strange grey area with Dean.
“Yeah, I’ve been getting some nightmares recently, but I guess it's mostly because my mind’s been dealing with a lot of shit”
Castiel lunges towards Dean and pulls him away just in time; they couldn’t keep their balance by the messy encounter so he instinctively covered Dean’s body with his own as they fell to the ground. Castiel placed his forehead and his hands over Dean’s face as he shut his eyes tightly. He felt the back of his head pound by the sudden strain but he refused to move away until every sound was gone for good. After the ringing left his ears and he was able to see again he managed to breathe at a normal pace. He could feel Dean’s chest move under his own and he pushed himself off of him slowly; Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s face and cleaned off the excess dirt.
“No, but it is pretty damn fun” Dean places his head in his seat comfortably- well, as comfortable as he could- and crosses his arms. He chaps his lips and closes his eyes slowly; he was actually going to sleep in this confined space? Castiel grew more annoyed the longer he felt himself be crushed by his legs. Sam mouths a ‘sorry’ through the rearview mirror and starts driving again, this time with a little less force.
“You never told me that” Sam helps him out and tightens the knot a little more, his eyes never leaving Dean’s slightly sullen expression.
“Sam, I…” Dean extends his hand forward, a little less defeated from his eyes-as if a fragment of his past self was slowly creeping through.
And at that moment Dean flicked on Castiel’s forehead and caught him by surprise, the pain was almost non existent but Castiel was completely stunned by the behavior Dean portrayed in his naked form.
“You can help with our plan, but you’re under our radar now. You can’t pull any tricks or any sort of game with us- not anymore. And the going away part? That’s still to be discussed and only after we’ve both gotten what we need-”
“I know Dean, I know. But what you need to get is that I’m right here-I’ll always be right here through it all because no one deserves to be alone in this.
Castiel manages to walk into a more open field, the grass tall with a massive metal fence separating it from the forest trees. He’s taken aback by the tranquility of the moment; he manages to draw his eyes away and watches the familiar white fur rolling around playfully in the center of it all.
"Just be quiet and follow me" Castiel shouted without looking back, they continued to walk in the serene grey woods in silence until Castiel could fully grasp the situation.
You swallow the screams trying to escape your lips as you try to pull his pistol out, you couldn’t even remember when he gave it to you. You slip your free hand to your left belt side; the shadows paid no attention to you, even the one who still held you eased up on its grip, did it think you were dead? Did it just not care for a mind that couldn’t be toyed with? We were all just bludgeoned insubstantial playthings to them after all- they still lingered near them, musing over their handiwork. You couldn’t bear it any longer. Your fingers slid over the small hidden holster and managed to pull the gun out from it’s trigger, carefully so even with your shaky burnt hands. Only two rounds were loaded, maybe it was enough- maybe it wasn’t? You had nothing to lose anymore.
"Dean, I know we were lacking supplies, I wanted to help out because I know how strained you've been over the last few days... And I know it's not safe but I'm more than capable of..."
“It doesn’t matter now; we have a problem to deal with. Silver bullets covered with holy water did not affect this creature, and neither did my angel blade. It claims that it is from another world so I don’t know if what we have here would be able to affect it.” Reactively Sam and Dean start shuffling and placing their hands on their back, jeans and chests. Their bags were lost somewhere in the rubble, Dean enunciates his usual profanities while Sam grimaces at their loss, they only managed to procure a handgun, Sam’s silver pistol, their angel blades and a vial of holy oil.
Sam escapes the confounds of his mind abruptly, he blinks incessantly as he makes eye contact with Bobby and watches the small grimace plastered on his fuzzy beard. His eyes look so vulnerable and helpless to Sam- who’s already feeling the stinging pain in him rise the longer he delayed embracing him. He wraps his massive arms around him and holds him as tightly as he could, as if he was holding his very soul. Bobby buries his face in his shoulder, his hat slides off horizontally but never falls off of his shaking face; Sam feels the warmth on his shirt and holds him with even more devotion.
He held it with ease, completely in tune and unaffected by the sparks and the flames that breathed so close to his face, the heat from the flare was comforting in the cold air around us, but Sam’s clenched jaw thought otherwise.
Castiel falls to the ground and starts twisting and turning in place, for some reason he couldn't open his eyes. A writhing pain started to emerge from his abdomen and it began to choke him, his spit felt like foam at the back of his throat and he began to cry out in agony.
“It will- but Sam you must know that I don’t intend on letting any of you get close to them when the chance comes- I only agreed to let you come because I anticipated on protecting you both”
Forgive me for being so late with this! Stupid reality bit me in the ass and I had to finish my duties, I promise I'll finish the first part of this series soon!
Cas scratches his face slowly, his eyes wandering and stirring around Dean but never fixed upon him. The same couldn’t be said for Dean, who’s glued onto his gestures and ticks.
Castiel places his index and middle finger on the child’s forehead and before they had the chance to retaliate they vanished, Castiel takes a sigh of relief after brushing metaphorical dust off of his coat and suit, a strange habit he’s managed to adopt over the years. He never even bothered asking their name- he decided it was better off he didn’t involve other people in his perilous pursuit, not anymore. The thought of them made him get out of his senses, he represses any thought of them and moves swiftly towards the room the child had mentioned.
You pull him towards you as the clicking suddenly stops, your arm laced around his waist and his wings translucent in your eyes the moment you feel the heat arise behind you. The massive blow pushes the both of you through the fragile door and rams you into the hall once more, Castiel’s back crashes into the tiled wall while you squirm upon the ground with a strange sizzling sound inundating in your ears “Crowley!?” He shakes you by the shoulders as he breathes heavily- his eyes wistful by the blood that you continuously cough out- it wasn’t the worst kind of pain you’ve felt but you had a feeling it wasn’t going to get any better “Crowley!” He grabs your face as he speaks, his eyes wandering over you with needless worry- the insufferable wretch that he is.
“What time is it? How long was I out?” Dean gabbles in his sleepy state, rubbing his eyes as he straightens himself up in the leather seat- he notices that the truck’s door is open and half of Sam’s body is dangling outside the vehicle. Dean snickers at the view and Sam rolls his eyes in response “Yeah, very funny. Now come outside and eat- I managed to make a campsite near a river”
"GGGRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHH" I wail, I was completely powerless when it came to him, he had consumed me just like the way he did before.
“Cas? Hey its us” Sam was the one who initiated the conversation, Dean honestly forgot to speak the moment he entered the room “It’s so good to see you, how are you feeling?” he continues, this time he walks towards where Cas is facing- he stood in front of him and looked at him with a small smile erupting from his dry lips, Castiel looked up slowly and watched him for a little while until he stood up. Sam wanted to embrace him and took a few steps closer to do so- but Castiel turned away and walked out of that corner- its then that he managed to catch Dean’s eyes.
“Firstly, my name is CROWLEY, eh? And Secondly, I bloody told you the trinket was a complete 50/50 chance! You are either able to shield yourself from its powers or you DON’T, it all depends on the person that possesses it!” Crowley answers him angrily as he held in the urge to punch him.
"Why do you act so surprised?" Castiel reacts in an aggressive tone, Dean turns and looks at him with vulnerable eyes with his loosened grip "You say you'd do anything for him, you've went through hell and back countless times for him without even thinking about how it would affect you. But once he tries to do the same for you... You somehow think of yourself as a burden-you really think that poorly of yourself? You really think he'd let you handle everything on your own? Well let me tell you this, Dean-that's what families are supposed to do! Go through hell and back for each other and not expect any kind of gratitude in return because a relationship like that doesn't need that kind of crap"
“Ye-yes… I saw it. One of those… things” she replied after taking a few long breaths. Luther came towards her and placed his hand on her shoulder first and pulled her face up from her chin “Are you sure your eyes didn’t deceive you Hailey?” he spoke with no emotion in his tone.
They rounded up the campsite once they could see the paleness in the sky reemerge, the nights after the Collapse were more threatening and dangerous and after their last ordeal they both agreed on not sticking around in one place for too long-no matter how desirable everything seemed. He always tried explaining things in his hunter heroici way and it was commendable, Castiel always got lost in his words and he admired him for that.
“It took her memories, I just wanted to kill it for what it did to her. Maybe even let it...” he mumbles as he manages to look at Crowley again "That trinket was supposed to be powerful, it was supposed to help me fix everything”
That voice, Why did it make my heart race? I was never aware of such emotions that existed within me.
I hid my face at the crook of his neck and felt his pulse calming down a bit, I clenched my fists into his jacket and held him close, showing him that I wasn't going to take no for an answer.
Their eyes flinch by the sudden rush of wind emerging from the north- Sam’s hair blows over his eyes and his skin vibrates by its intensity- he shields Dean from the pressure but makes sure he keeps a hold of him as he turns to look towards the commotion- seeing its reflection in Dean’s paralyzed eyes he was hoping he was imagining the blue glow.
"I have to try, I have to do something Crowley... Otherwise everything I've ever fought for to this day would all be for nothing" he spoke condescendingly; Crowley remained mute as he watched him take swift and small breaths with his head hung low, why was he still listening to this boy?
“So what are you trying to say, that these things can’t be killed?” Dean enunciates from one corner of a bookshelf, his voice rising the closer he got to where Sam stood “I never said that, but these things don’t have the information we need” Sam responds as he places a few pages in Dean’s hands, never noticing the ridiculous faces he was making by the audacity of the gesture itself.
“And how is that? How will their lurking be in our favor?” You look at him questioningly as you touch his shoulder gently- this time he doesn’t push you away, instead he replies in a soft tone “It’ll be easier to isolate one that way- one is better than a horde” he grins sheepishly as he gazes through one of the doors leading towards the western hall.
“Would you mind if?” Dean points towards the jukebox awkwardly, his finger bent sluggishly towards it as he flashes his teeth weakly; Castiel couldn’t help but smile at him- no matter how stupid he looked. He pulls his hand out of his trench coat’s pocket and makes a slow twisting motion with his hand- as if turning a dial. Dean hears the record scratch and the play button be pressed again- the same guitar fills the air and roars through the empty diner. Dean closes his eyes to revel in the feeling once more but senses his footsteps going farther away from him.
“Okay, so I guess I’ll…see you later” Sam steps away from the door slowly and marches towards his own room; his head was a mess from the overstimulation and information that kept ramming against the walls in his head. He needed to sleep-just sleep.
"Sit your ass wherever you want, I'll be back in a minute" I said with a serious tone, Cas just nodded and sat down on the futon. His body language was stiff and fragile, he was completely unaware of what was happening. Just like the old Cas.
“No-no…I want to help, I am your favorite demon after all” He snickers into the phone and Sam feels himself flinch from the sound “How is dear Benedick doing? Has he come back home?”
“You can speak?” Sam responds, his eyes watery but his voice compact even if the hands that grasp onto his bag speak differently “We only wish to talk” he adjusts the lump in his throat and casually slides the bag to his right, waving his hands as a sign of surrender, but you knew oh too well that he had something planned.
“I know…I know” Dean pats Sam’s cheek and places his hand on his shoulder. It slowly slips and lingers on his elbow until Dean pulls away and places it on his waist. His eyes look a little more toned down than before with his movements loose and free as he walks but he could be wrong-it could still be his drunken state making him behave this way “I guess…I never really gave you credit for doing things like this. I was always the one worrying about everyone I guess I kind of forgot that…it never occurred to me that…”
“CAS!” You scream into the void, hoping that someone would grab and pull you both out of here somehow- cut loose from the surface as you see the light in his eyes fade the deeper you fell.
Dean bites his lip as he watches the sky, that’s the only way he could see without getting sand in his eyes. You keep hold of them, loathing whatever was to come and render you hopeless again. Just beyond the heavy scoria stones we gaze upon the same granular ground, but it cuts off abruptly from the other endless terrains. As if it was an edge to nothing.
“Cas what the hell are you talking about? Is there a point to all of this or not?” Dean is pushy in his tone, he lingers forebodingly over his shriveled body- for an instance it felt like Dean was going to punch him, but what was it that was keeping him from doing that exactly?
He turns to look at Dean and squints, biting into his lower lip as he starts deconstructing the torn pages in his head. As he starts digging deeper into those ruptured green pools. What was he trying to remember? Before...before....
“We need to move, Dean. So if you don’t mind” he clutches onto your hands and forces you to loosen your grip, you didn’t realize how much he’s been able to do that even if you didn’t want to. He stands up with ease and you keep your eyes locked onto his as you get up as well, your clothes covered in the black dust from Castiel’s trench coat.
Dean managed to bandage his wound again, making completely sure that he wasn’t turned but thankfully Castiel confirmed that the vamps were clearly using him as a blood bag, that was how he explained it at least. Castiel winced and complained at every antiseptic medicine Dean had applied several hours before- he remembered those teary blur eyes and finds himself smiling at the thought.
Dean feels himself slip away and lets the running water cool his thoughts, as hazy as they were. He feels drunk by the strange strumming inside his chest-it didn’t give him any discomfort but in a way he didn’t want to welcome it permanently. He knows why, he always knew this feeling but it always waned from time to time, but he knew it would always come back-no matter how much he wanted to bury it.
“Cas? What is going on? What are you saying?” Sam pushed Dean away and grabbed Castiel by the shoulders; even with his profuse shaking he kept repeating the same sentence over and over. Sam started to panic from the intensity of the situation- his wrinkles sunk into his skin deep as he kept calling out to Castiel, Dean watches behind him in complete shock- Bobby calls out to him and that is when he grabs Castiel from his left shoulder while Sam grabs his right, after his touch Cas stops talking for a moment- he blinks slowly. Bobby power jogs inside and stands in between them, he grasps onto Sam and Dean’s shoulder- trying his best to give his support somehow “I don’t remember him being like this! Unless he started doing this after I died?” Bobby makes his remark with an uncertain chuckle.
They stand their ground even with the agonizing stimuli that preceded them but a familiar, unconscious figure makes them stumble.
I'm going to speak about mental health too, through the voices of the Winchesters and the perfect angel Cas.
His eyes gleam over the drowning merigold sun and the cantaloupe skies that greet it, Dean is inundated with grief and an oh too familiar emotion of pain; it breezes over him like the poppy winds lingering in his lungs.
Crowley stands beside Sam, adding his weight to the hood a little as he made himself comfortable “We haven’t really had time to talk either, did we? I mean… you always knew something was up and even I didn’t have the guts to admit it” he snickers in a strange way “I mean, they found the truck we so willingly abandoned because I got caught in the cross fire, you escaped with it and then they managed to find it? How do things like that even happen?”
“I’m glad you’re back Cas” Dean whispers as he gets enveloped by his lips again, slow and passionate as the lights feel dim in his eyes. Echoes rush through his mind as he feels his heat against his skin, skin so vulnerable at the touch but a touch that tainted his own-a scar he wears willingly because it was a reminder.
“Oh so I’m the one to blame? Me?” he blinks with frustration in his harsh tone, his eyes ablaze by the green iris that falters within them.
“Cas, Dean we have to go!” Sam calls out to them as his head pokes out from the doorway with Crowley wincing in pain in the back, barely holding himself together.
“Can you please include us in your chatter too? Emo boy and I are bored over here” Crowley pokes Castiel with his elbow and walks forward “But I think I get the gist of what place you’re talking about, kind of one of my favorite hangouts back in the day. So many souls up for grabs for little old me*
“There are 2 entrances to be exact, both guarded heavily; not to mention heavily armed too. I don’t know how we’re going to manage this either-”
“You’re familiar; you always have been since we met. Something with you has been stuck with me and I’ve forced myself not to think about it, but I couldn’t… Everything with you is like ink's been smeared around the walls in my head, I just can’t fathom or recollect what was there before; all I know is that it’s you.”
His gaze melts a bit but was replaced with a wave of confusion "Why are you talking like that? Why have you been talking at all?" Dean's words feel like poison cutting through the air "You've been saying some messed up shit before we caught up with Sam. What is going on?" He reaches out to him but for some reason Castiel moves away.
Dean reminds himself. He deserves forgiveness, even if he’s been a dick, and especially because he’s giving Dean this sad, big-eyed look, and
“Right.” At last, Cas forces himself to look away, carefully keeping his back from Dean’s view as he approaches the tub and gingerly steps into it, slowly sinking into the hot, sweetly-scented water.
“Oh.” Cas blinks, looking him over, though Dean’s mostly covered by the table and he’s wearing one of Cas’s loose nightgowns, besides. He remembers well from earlier, though. “I, um. I think your body’s still perfect, if it helps.”
“Are you alright?” Cas asks quietly, and Dean realizes he’s just been sitting there, staring like an idiot.
is the one who lied, although it’s more likely Dean passed it on to her in anticipation of seeing Cas more regularly (which is a somewhat depressing thought). “What did she do with it, then?”
Dean’s so surprised he relaxes, leaving Cas room to flip him off and scramble to his feet, sword back in hand as he glowers at Dean, panting.
“Fuck,” Dean gasps, fingers merciless as they move inside him, his other hand stroking up and down Cas’s spine. “Yeah, Cas, come on, just like that-”
is crossing all the lines Cas kept trying to tell Dean he couldn’t, and even if he meant it as an apology and thank-you both, he still should have stopped himself.
Cas doesn’t say a word while they have their baths, and as worrisome as it is, it’s just as well; by the time Dean’s toweling off and putting on his pajamas, he thinks he’s figured out what to do.
“That’s good,” Dean says hoarsely, and Cas loves that, too, loves the way Dean’s voice turns rough and uneven when he touches Cas. “Really good. I, uh, I like the sliding part, too.”
“When I go to the Gardens,” he blurts out, fingers still digging into Dean’s shoulders. “I know — I’m not supposed to have undue influence, but can I — can I see them? Just, um, occasionally, just — just for a little while.”
“And you finish bar fights I start,” Jo interjects, leaning over the back of the sofa with a grin. “You took a road trip with me to Vegas that one time when I had that fight with Mom. Dean was pissed as hell I took off with you, but you stayed the whole week, anyway, even though you hate it when he’s mad at you.”
going to sleep with him,” Cas hisses, perhaps a little more sensitive to the subject than he would have been last week.
“I — well, I sort of do, at the time.” In fact, Cas is sometimes embarrassed at how vocal he becomes when —
. And sure, how strong it is varies, but it’s there, and it’s hard not to look at them and think about where it could go, you know?”
“Uh. I don’t know. The guy who watches Harry Potter with me and lies about liking ABBA and can’t decorate his apartment?” He pauses. “Definitely the guy who tries to snuggle with me while I have my fingers in his ass.”
And honestly, he’s not really sure how it happens. One minute, he’s rummaging through his wardrobe for clean pajamas, fresh from the bath and ready to crawl into bed for one of the many, many naps he tends to take these days, and the next-
Dean lets that sink in for a moment, and yeah, okay, that’s . . . a little worrisome. It’s not necessarily a
“Not exactly,” he starts, unsure in a way that makes Cas feel itchy. Dean reaches up, rubs the back of his neck. “She said, though — she asked me if that would have made things easier, the last ten years. If, you know. If you’d been telling me I was a good friend, that you — that you were glad we were friends. That I was there.”
“Nah, don’t worry about it. This happens sometimes when Dean goes away. Dad focuses a little more on me and we kinda get into it. It’s not a big deal.”
“Oh, right.” Cas nods, although he’s struggled with this rule the last few weeks. Missing Dean as much as he does, it would have been very reassuring to have Sam sleep in there with him. “We’re not allowed, since we aren’t married. Although, I think, if I weren’t married to Dean, being married to you wouldn’t be awful.”
“Maybe, but Diana was also courting them like crazy. Classic alpha trope, though in real life, omegas do it, too. Some crap about proving they’ll be capable providers for offspring in the event that their alpha dies, but a) ew, and b) ew, so whatever.”
“Amelia got sick. Cancer. She was fine, and then six months later she was gone. And then — summer before last, there was a bad storm. Road debris. He—" Cas takes a breath, and the rest comes out as a whisper, because if it
Irritation flares, only to fizzle into tiredness once again. Maybe he is being too hard on Dean. Dean’s proven, for
“Oh — Dean—” he starts, standing up from his perch at the edge of the bed and awkwardly smoothing out his tunic, quickly making a decision. “I, uh, I had a thought. Perhaps if you wake up with a morning sit— uh, ‘morning wood’ tomorrow, I could show you? My, uh, my skill, that is. So you could better decide.”
“What?” Dean makes a scoffing noise, hoping Cas attributes his racing heart to the spectacular orgasm he just had. “Nah. I don’t find your
Anyway, he huddles on the sofa underneath Cas’s blanket because it smells like Cas and he knows Cas won’t mind – or at least, he never minded before quarantine, which is just
Dean laughs outright at that, rubbing a hand down Cas’s back even as he keeps thrusting his fingers into him, spreading the digits wide as Cas greedily sucks them in. It’s probably not totally necessary, at this point, but as desperate as Dean is to come and as hot as the main event always is regardless, there’s something almost — almost
“I know what I’m doing,” he snaps. “I don’t need you or Jo or anybody else tellin’ me I’m an asshole, that I’m hurting Cas, that I’m losing out. That him being gone is — is gonna — Charlie,
Honestly, ‘platonic boyfriends’ was something Dean just kind of pulled out of his ass, partly to save face and yeah, partly as a shot in the dark to ease Cas into the idea of
She leans forward, planting a kiss on his cheek — he tries and fails not to blush — and, to his embarrassment, follows it up with a smack to his ass.
“Castiel,” he says, testing it out, and — Castiel? - tilts his head, lips quirking. “Okay. Okay, cool. Nice to meet you, Castiel.”
, and even dinner is sometimes difficult, so different from what he was used to — but toward the end of the month, he realizes he tends to have bad
“Oh, good. The thing is, I was just wondering — why would you watch him bathe if you weren’t willing to kiss him afterward?”
Dean peruses their beer menu while he waits — it’s practically twice as expensive as Ellen’s, but what can you do — and once he’s done with that, begins fiddling with his phone so he doesn’t have to look as awkward as he feels.
“See? I told you no one fell in,” Val says, once they return to the kitchen, and Claire just squints at Cas from beside her.
“Yeah,” he mumbles, uncomfortable. Normally, he’d be feeling kinda patronized, even if he knows this is just how things go in therapy, but right now he just feels guilty as fuck.
maybe, but Pamela’s turned a friendly conversation about not admitting how gone on his boyfriend he is into an interrogation, so of course he’s getting antsy. That’s the problem with shrinks; sometimes you don’t have a problem until they make you
should have wanted him to stop! Dean’ll say it’s his inner alpha or some bullshit, but he’s just like that, and he tried to pull some of that crap on Sam, too. Except Sam got snippy and shut him down and Dean backed off and that was that.”
“I suppose I brought this on myself,” Cas mutters, and Dean reaches out, affectionately tracing along his spine.
but he probably won’t. And Bela and Crowley are going to school in England, which just leaves Gabe. And he’s very fond of Gabe, sure, but — it would be nice to have someone else; someone he could sit and be quiet with; someone he could talk to about things; someone who knew when he needed a hug and would give him one without having to make fun of him or tell dirty jokes in his ear the whole time.
Cas loses his words before they’re even halfway out, a fact of which he’s distantly aware, but not to any degree that would spur his brain to fix it. He wasn’t paying attention to the man before, but he should have been; he realizes, now, that he’s wasted five minutes of his life that he could have spent looking at this person, and he feels the loss deeply.
There’s the barest of stings, but Cas almost doesn’t notice it, utterly devastated by the way that feels, Dean’s tongue and finger tangling inside him, and he certainly doesn’t care, can’t even stop himself from pushing up into it, wanting the sensation deeper.
“Yeah, well. If you think you feel bad now — if you felt bad the last few months — then I can promise you it’s about to get worse.”
Cas smiles, letting his head drop until his cheek rests against Dean’s, faintly scratchy from stubble but carefully held still, so as not to hurt.
“The — for the — it’s a protest. About — about the museum’s handling of, um, sensitive historical issues?”
He’s been doing it all day, ever since Claire had her mysterious talk with him, and it’s making Cas nervous. It would be bad enough if it were
Of course, lying in bed and listening to the shower run, Dean eventually organizes his thoughts enough to realize that no, it doesn’t sit right, and that’s because yeah, he did something wrong.
Dean rolls his eyes, pausing a beat at the end to close them, just to blink back the sting of musty dungeon air.
“Hey, you’re up. Wasn’t sure it was gonna happen,” he adds, teasing, and Cas pauses, turning to face him.
“Together” Sam nods assuredly, his eyes resonating the most sincere look he’s given to his brother- maybe even in years. Dean’s eyes weaken at the sight- but something was different this time- Sam could feel it seep into his skin.
The veins multiply on the walls and the same chill starts to invade their lungs, Sam runs towards them without losing his balance and grabs onto Dean’s arm and starts pulling him, he looks at Castiel with dazed eyes and pulls on him with his other hand “Sam…take your brother and…keep each other safe-okay?”
You struggle with your words once more but this time you choose to let it slide and just let yourself
But he only smirks and nods. Dean huffs and opens the journal, the both of them draw their heads in close and scurry through the words silently.
He was pissing me off, his back was still against the door and I was running out of personal space, but I preferred it that way because I wasn't going to let him get away this time. I brought my hand into his and held it in my tightest grip, he was startled by my actions as suspected. I dragged him out of the corner and threw him on the sofa and left him there.
Dean falls to his feet, he looks up to the sky, his voice bellowing in the blazing sirens towards the clouds above. Crowley is taken aback by his strange demeanor, he felt afraid too but the strange desperation in his voice took him by surprise.
“Nah, you’re only doing this so you could feel like the boss for once” you chew on a piece of turkey sandwich and chuckle “I know you whine about my drinking to somebody so you’re just making sure I don’t do anything reckless”
I smile at the mere thought of seeing Dean again, watching him beam over how I did not forget him, how it wasn't too late for us. I cross the street making sure I don't get hit, especially not at a moment like this. The roads were damp at this hour, I keep running towards strange alleys and unknown streets, the excitement was sure to kill me.
“Where are we even supposed to start with this?” Sam flips his hair and struggles to assemble the sheets of paper spread out “I don’t know what we could do with this…riddle?” he breathes, Castiel helps him out with his task too.
He jumps at the sound of an affectionate meow as he hears the pitter patter of Dean’s paws running inside and jumping on the bed immediately “Dean! Get down! He won’t like it if you-” Castiel whispers and picks him up before he sits on the bed himself “You need to earn his trust, he doesn’t like being disturbed when he’s sleeping…he sleeps like a bear so if you ever intend on bugging him like you bug me then you need to rethink your options” Castiel nuzzles him and scratches his round belly “It feels like everything that was wrong inside of me has washed away-which makes me even more scared about the next time it’ll come back. The thoughts, the fights, everything- I know I shouldn’t be scared and that I should trust Dean enough to know that…but for some reason I still fear what may come”
“What do you mean ‘behave’, it’s the same kind of weather everyday, fog, mist and slightly dry” he answered, slightly confused by Castiel’s conjecture. Castiel turned around and smirked at Dean’s confused face and continued to slide his arms through the straps of his bag.
“What do you mean by that Cas?” Sam’s warm tone eases up to him, his hazel stares calming Castiel’s wounded eyes
That name is so damn familiar, its so frickin weird. All biblical and shit. I needed to know why I had been feeling so weird about his name. Him in general actually.
Sam stands upright and gazes at the broken crevice within the walls, I see him point towards it lethargically as I struggle trying to get up from the ground. He pulls me up and laces my arm around his shoulder because I kept falling down, I was a pathetic excuse of a big brother right now-I can’t feel anything inside my body that’s all-it means nothing. I’ll be alright soon. We walk slowly and see the first rays of light hit the ground. Sam flinches at first but eases into the yellow glow, something he never thought he’d be able to see again. He gives off a small laugh as he walks alongside me, his eyes glitter and I see every color be reflected back, the greens and the rising sun adding a golden tint within them. I let go and stand on my own, my hands scratching the back of my head and stare at the shadowy sun myself. I feel It pour over me but at the same time I don’t…really feel. We continue walking towards the gate and the same concrete wall that surrounded this cursed place, Sam’s steps are prevalent and strangely energetic, he feels happy it seems and it brought some solace watching him act his usual self again.
“And I wasn’t in the mood to help out much, in case you were wondering” Crowley interrupts again with the same nasty grin.
“That’s the point! You have to be near the thing and it’ll respond or something! That’s why I’m saying we should ask Crowley wha-“
I stood directly underneath a street light, the yellow glow spreading on my skin. I lift up my head even higher just to see if I could see the filament that exists within its glass chamber, but as a result my eyes are squinting instead.
“The hell… how the fuck did you boys end up finding grenade launcher ammo?” Toby grins as he toys with the heavy box in his hand. The size wasn’t extremely big; it held in two or three rounds at most. But he was actually shocked by the fact that Dean didn’t tell him he found ammo of this caliber.
“Jeez-seems like you don’t need any help” Dean kisses him back and lets him continue, his smile is plastered on his tired lips as he watches Castiel get lost in his body-his
Day 4 of media class. Dean was running late again as usual, did I mention that he doesn't want us to call him sir? He thinks its too 'old'. He was a few years older than all of us I think. How old was I again?. Ugh, nevermind.
The rotations and vibrations stop, the room becomes still and their unconscious bodies fall and create a colossal wave on the floor, the room’s colors fade back into normalcy, the flaxen grey hues a blessing in disguise.
Dean tries to slide his hands from underneath Castiel but gets pulled in abruptly; he falls on top of him as the bed creaks excessively “Cas! You’ve got to stop doing that! What are…” he grunts as he remains in his grasp, he could feel Castiel’s excessive heartbeat against his chest with his arms tightly wrapped around him.
“SAM!” You run towards him in a frenzy, your hand only inches away until he's pulled in the other direction
Hence he's lying flat on the floor feeling like an idiot for standing up too abruptly. He places his shaky palms on the floor and manages to lift himself up from the bedstand, an unfamiliar one at that.
“It’s nothing, nothing really. I’m just warning you beforehand so that you don’t blame me for anything later on” Castiel mused as he struggled to keep his feet firm on the ground with his heavy bag.
“Now what?” Crowley whispers into Castiel’s ear, his eyes refusing to blink as he watches the same window “Be still for a moment. I sense one close by- its-” Castiel places his hands over Sam and Dean’s stomach as he walks ahead of them slowly- his eyes moving frantically with every step.
I took a step back, keeping my hands in the air, showing him that he had nothing to be afraid of. "Cas, I need to ask you." I whispered.
“Gladly” he responds with some dizziness in his gaze-you clench your jaw reactively but compose yourself- this wasn’t the time to address his contempt anyways. Your light reaches a certain corner of the room and something about it seemed odd to you, with your head tilted you cross over the ceaseless rubble and bent pieces of metal and cement and look towards the floor- the wall was unnervingly clean, more so than the others and the strange scratches on the ground weren’t from fingernails, or so it seemed. Dean catches the same thing with his own gaze and starts fiddling with the clean wall, his fist knocking on the wall twice before he stops.
Cas’ eyes begin to glow in the wreckage and his form starts to unfurl, his wings breathe into existence as he closes his eyes and allows them to stretch upwards, his feathers faded, tired and brittle like the roots of a worn out tree.
The flask was navy blue in color and on the top of the lid there were black curves which formed into two wings; Castiel handed both of these items to Dean and he looked at them questioningly “Take the damn medicine for your fever, we still have a lot to cover tomorrow and I do not intend on carrying you” Castiel articulated as he shoved the two things into Dean’s lap. Dean was annoyed by the fact that he was treating him so lightly but his head and stomach were too full from the meal for him to give a damn at this point.
Dean watches you cautiously, his eyes wandering every inch of your face as he waited for you to continue
“He didn’t take them away from us, he just removed himself out of the equation- hence the missing pieces and fragments in our wrecked up brains. But that still doesn’t explain how he managed to bring all of us back? Even those who died long ago, no offense Bobby” Dean dwells over the idea, a worry arising in the line of his stomach. Bobby raises his eyebrow amusingly and gives off a small chuckle “None taken boy”
“Heh, no kidding” You glance at the bed and the straps hanging from its side, fiddling with the dead machinery with your free hand “Do you see a way to get out of here? There must be some staircase that leads us back up” your eyes wander the room; your icy breathes invading the air the more you move around. Dean is panting slowly with his back against a wall- his hand gripping onto his gun; he only turns his head to and fro as his eyes wander the room “Dean…”
“Whoops, well I guess you jammed it real good Cas. Real good” Dean beams with his smug grin; he makes himself comfortable as he stretches his legs about, leaving close to no wiggle room for Castiel.
It felt instantaneous, but the jolt somehow lingered a lot longer than he had wanted it to. The room filled itself with a fulminating sound, something so massive that it sent Dean flying towards the corner of the room, while Bobby shielded Sam with his body which was struggling to hold onto the ends of the bed. Dean became still on the vibrating floor boards, the ringing in his ears greeting the blood that oozed from his head, it wasn’t a lot but it was enough to make him feel groggy while his insides twisted maliciously. Dean was overwhelmed by the rotating room and the burning bright light that escaped Castiel’s agape mouth and star struck eyes, he was levitating a few centimeters from the ground and somehow getting farther away from it.
Castiel breathes a sigh of relief as he jogs towards him and bends over, the same adrenaline junkie eyes staring back at him lovingly “Don’t. You. Dare. Never again!” He sighs angrily at him but feels himself soften the longer he looked at his furry face “The moment I get more money I’ll have to invest in a leash” he whispers as he picks him up and nuzzles him, the grassy scent of his fur easing his thoughts again. But something felt a bit odd to Castiel; he places his cat down on the ground gently and holds his breath.
Sam turns around and retraces his steps back into his own room once more, he shuffled around clumsily and starts searching for his notebook, where did I put that damn thing?
“Sam?!” Dean shouts as he places 2 bags of toys and cat food on the floor while Cas carries in a few bags himself with his cat purring with ease in the other, a black collar with a bell dangles on his neck perfectly “I guess he’s not back yet” he grunts and dusts off his hands, Dean turns to Cas who’s lost in thought as he looks at every corner of the room “Feels weird, doesn’t it?”
. Because the world out there will be ready to swallow you whole the second you get out and with your track record you tend to get in way over your head- or may I remind you how you were like 5 years ago?”
Dean coughs as he changes gear, kind of like he knew he was rambling on in his head- he always had strange instances with him- he never understood why. He hasn’t been able to understand a lot of things that have been happening for the past few years, decades? Eons? Everything haunts him it seems.
“The moment? Yeah, you did” Dean chuckles, the brightness in his eyes flickering back. He runs his hand over Castiel’s red cheek and places himself on top of him, his weight didn’t bother Cas in the slightest and the closeness didn’t even faze him-this felt so natural to the both of them and the thought alone made Castiel go crazy, the images flashing in his tattered mind.
“Nah” he looks him up and down, his big eyes condescending as always “There’s definitely something off about you. But don’t worry, I won’t say anything to your boy toys- I’ll leave it to you”
“Yeah, maybe not right now” A dark hand covers the top, completely shutting out the dreamy pools that he had been dreaming of for months.
Dean is the first to open his eyes, heavy panting and mouth agape he starts to blink and widen his gaze at the sight-something he never thought would happen. Castiel stood tall with his feet firm on the ground, his coat and face miraculously clean and glowing in the already bright stratosphere, he seemed so endless in the space they shared now.
“Oh, now you care about personal space?” Dean laughs as he reaches his room “If you want a shower you can use Sam’s bathroom-I’ll be occupying my own” he grins as he disappears into the darkness of his room. Castiel pokes his head out from the kitchen entrance, his face a little red and unsure, but still beaming from the solidified comfort of the bunker, and Dean.
You grapple onto the grip and steady your aim- but this time the creature does look back at you- yellow irises and all.
“Captain’s tent, he wants to talk about your living situation here, you know- how long you intend to stay and yada yada- you know, typical stuff” He winks, a smug smirk appearing at his lips.
“What time is it?” Dean asks as he drives at a slow pace, his eyes shielded behind some broad frame sunglasses as his skin shines in the afternoon sun.
“I’m sorry for your loss but like I said, the amulet will only respond to the person it belongs to. I warned you of the consequences but you were too blind to even consider how much you’ll end up losing” Crowley responded in a soft tone as he carries on. The boy stares at his back and continues to sit on the ground from his tired condition, he held onto the trinket in his hand and tries crushing it within his grasp.
“I noticed you from a mile away, you really ought to fix your breaking and entering skills” He chuckles as he took a sip from his glass and turns around. His eyes are big and perfectly circular, the glass green iris within them bounced with fascination as he stared at Sam, his beard was scruffy but still neat on his face and the hair on his head was neatly trimmed with the spikes falling on his big forehead. He wasn’t wearing his coat, and his black attire seemed to be his casual wear, Sam conjectured; he honestly felt out of place.
Castiel treads towards the stone bench and places himself abruptly-his hands gripping onto its curvature as his head hangs low with a furrowed brow. Dean struggles inside his pocket and pulls himself out. He stretches and places his paws on Castiel’s hand, gently nuzzling against it as he places himself on his lap-his orange bushy tail wagging under him “You always know when something’s bothering me don’t you?” Castiel smiles and looks at his twitchy whiskers and his crystalline eyes. He doesn’t restrain himself and embraces his fuzzy friend tightly-so warm he feels in his arms! He already feels his thoughts fade.
“Hey-it’s okay. It’s technically his now so don’t worry so much, but I’ll keep the door open for the little shit” Dean wanders in with just his pajama bottoms and his bare chest, the cat jumps off of the bed and escapes through the cracked door “Well, I guess he didn’t want to stay this time” Dean snickers as he shuts the door slowly. He rubs a towel on his head and slides into a dull greyish pink t shirt, his toned body glowed underneath the light and it was a shame to have covered it but Castiel didn’t want to repeat his actions from before so…
As much as the thought wanted to gnaw away at his brain he didn't allow it, he walks towards the truck and places his limp friend inside; Dean felt so miserable, as if his stomach was charred off by a hot metal rod, just this strange burning sensation that lingered and refused to go away. He hated feeling so unaware.
“Hi, Bela,” Val greets her, striding across the kitchen and thrusting a bowl scraper in her face, batter clinging to the end. “Does this taste right?”
“And I’m not happy you drink so much, or that you barely talk to me, or that you expect me to lie to everyone.”
He supposes he should just be grateful he doesn’t have to sit next to Bela. He knows she’s Cas’s friend, but she’s kind of also a horrible bitch, and he’s not totally sure why she’s here. This doesn’t seem like her kind of thing
“O-oh. Yeah.” He nods, blinking rapidly. “Yeah, I thought — you know. Maybe it’d be better to wait. While we kind of — figured stuff out.”
“You’re not allowed to leave until at least one of them comes back,” he informs him, and feels Sam prop his chin on Cas’s head.
Cas hesitates. He doesn’t exactly want to get into the gory details of his move here; nor does he want to reveal his identity if the man is also a Lawrence native. The man has the kind of features that mean he could be anywhere from twenty-two to thirty-two, and in the unlikely event that Cas has crossed paths with him, he’d like to be the one to decide when he’s recognized.
Because when Cas told him Anna was going to a friend’s house for Thanksgiving? It was a fucking lightbulb, blinding in his brain, the sudden realization that if Cas’s family, who Dean never liked and who never treated Cas the way he deserved, didn’t want Anna, there was a good chance they didn’t want Cas either. And that thought should have made him sad, should have had him aching for poor Cas, but
Dean. I admit, it is in the spirit of my parties to . . . assist one another — but I open plenty of my own bottles.”
Dean automatically curls forward, returning his hand to Cas’s shoulder and pressing down as he bottoms out, and there’s a quiet, muffled sound against the pillow, still within the range Dean would consider safe.
“I know,” Dean says, a little smug, and finally turns his attention to the rest of the room. “Now, what’d the fucker do while I was away?”
Cas clenches his fists, baffled and deeply upset; this is another thing that has been happening a lot, lately.
Dean’s not even sure who he’s most pissed at (Cas, it’s definitely Cas); to start with, Sam should have kept his damn mouth shut, because the last thing Dean wants the kid worrying about is Dean’s
“As you yourself pointed out—" he starts, appalled, but her shoulders hitch a little higher and she ignores him.
just being paranoid, right? He kind of can be, when it comes to Cas, and who could blame him? More likely than not, they’re two bored adults loitering by the punch bowl making obligatory small talk, and it’s all just forgettable, meaningless bullshit. Dean’s pretty sure that isn’t Cas’s seductive face (though Cas’s face always seem vaguely seductive to Dean) and since Lisa’s really not one to randomly overshare with strangers, it’s probably nothing to worry about.
Cas smiles briefly, then starts tucking them into the box, and Dean returns to sorting through school papers, deep in thought.
“Not so little,” Cas objects, unable to help himself, and it’s as if the girl’s whole being relaxes, smile turning into a grin.
“What else do you expect, Susan? We’re girls. We’re not meant to be having fun all the time. We work, and we look after each other, and that’s that.”
“I don’t know why I’d want to,” he starts with, searching her face. “But they’re hardly ideal for someone of my designation.”
Chapter Warnings: brief reference to bowel problems/bladder control issues (details in the notes), implication about someone becoming a lesbian after dating someone (this is a joke, but obviously, sexuality is not a choice, and while someone might choose not to
“When do you think you want to do that?” Cas eventually asks. “What we talked about yesterday, I mean.”
Cas nods, an almost wild look in his eyes as he stares up at Dean, and Dean takes a deep breath, heart thundering in his chest, loud enough in his own ears he wouldn’t be surprised if Cas could hear it from a foot away.
Cas is pretty sure he is in love with Dean, but he may be in love with this pie, instead, because he’d like to have it with him always.
Lying/Manipulation/Potentially Dubious Consent: In an effort to get Dean to kiss him, Cas lies about Balthazar having told him he was bad at kissing, and also indicates that he criticized Cas’s ‘low’ sex drive, as well. He intentionally leads the conversation in such a way as to prompt Dean to offer to practice with him. Dean is indeed outraged, and comes to the desired conclusion.
Yeah, Dean thought that might be it. It’s been about three weeks now, and while Dean can enjoy having a ‘roommate’ all he wants, the reality is that they don’t know who Cas is or where he came from, and he has tentative ties to a big case.
focusing on the conversation. “And I knew that wasn’t unusual for you, that you never meant anything by it. Why would I think I was different, if you didn’t tell me?”
“And since when does she baby people like that, anyway? Do you guys need to get a dog or something?”
“Right,” he mumbles, shuffling forward. Honesty is not the best policy, he’s learned. Not-thinking-about-it is.
“But why?” Cas pauses. “Oh. I suppose I enjoy reading adventure stories even if I, myself, am not captaining a boat or fighting a kraken.”
Dean’s about to point out that not only can he not see Cas, given that he’s ensconced in a tub, but he’s spent the last year and a half accustomed to less-than-ideal community bathing situations and it’s honestly not a big deal, but Cas looks incredibly upset and then Dean remembers that oh, yeah, he grew up in Eden.
Now, though — it’s like somebody reset something in his brain, because lately, Dean’ll look up and catch Cas just watching him, for no reason he can think of. It’s as disconcerting as it ever was, maybe even
“Fake-dating me is not going to make you more emotionally open or less traumatized by your familial relationships, Dean.”
“Think about it. I believe it’s my bedtime.” She gestures toward Max. “Make sure she gets to bed. She had a long day.”
“Anyway,” he interjects hastily, standing up. “If you’re going to be out of bed, you should at least sit.”
A hot, pure sort of elation rushes through Dean, and he surges forward a little harder than he means to, Cas stumbling back and hitting the tree trunk with a thud.
“He doesn’t want me,” Dean informs Ellen, because this terrible piece of information feels huge and overwhelming in his brain, even as he huddles pitifully beneath the blanket. “Said so himself.”
And then he thinks about Cas, waiting for him at home — or maybe not, who the hell knew, these days — and how fucking miserable he seems to be. How miserable
“Uh.” Jesus, even now, that seems so unlike Cas. “Maybe. Hard to picture it, but — sure. Everybody likes being fawned over.”
“Lotta people wanna know that. All you can do is try. Uh — maybe don’t spend so much time together, for a bit?” he offers, and Cas recoils.
Dean doesn’t get to sleep until two in the morning, and he’s up at dawn, restless and disgruntled and groggy from mostly-forgotten but almost certainly shitty dreams.
“Kinda missed you last night, actually. Which, uh.” He huffs. “It sucks that of the two of us, I’m the only one who can talk, ‘cause — I’m just — I kind of suck at it. You deserve better, honestly.”
blue, and maybe the bracelet would kind of fade into the background in comparison — but he’d also be lying if he said he didn’t think of that when he picked the colors.
Except — he’s not sixteen anymore, terrified of fucking shit up with a guy hopelessly out of his league.
Keep digging your grave. But I refuse to visit your final resting place if it’s on the other side of the goddamn planet
Dean swallows, taken aback, but then — then it’s like his anxiety just leaves him, floods out through his fingertips and the breath he exhales and Cas is smiling at him and — and yeah. Okay. He feels . . . okay.
But it’s Pamela, and when she gives them a sly look and slowly shakes her head, Dean’s heart just about bursts out of his chest.
Dean licks his lips, watching the way Cas tilts his head, exposing just a little bit more of the long line of his throat -
“Sure,” Cas agrees, because that’s certainly true. In Cas’s case, Dean being someone he adores with every errant particle of his being probably
probably wouldn’t consider that a win, so Dean shoves the thought aside and settles for rolling over and pinning Cas to the mat in a playful,
He narrows his eyes, and she’s about to apologize for being rude, when he suddenly leans back in his chair, thinking. She waits.
There’s a shred of doubt in the statement, and Dean starts feeling bad for him for about three seconds before he remembers that
“So long as you don’t think less of me in the morning,” he returns, as evenly as he can manage, and Dean continues easing his thighs apart, settling in between them with a smile.
Cas follows her gaze to the young woman from the other night, shoulders hunched as she stares into a pot of boiling water. She’s in a tan dress today, something vaguely tired and rumpled-looking about it despite a lack of actual creases, and with her hair neatly plaited on either side of her head, she looks even younger than she first appeared.
“Then take them into the bathroom with you!” Cas snaps, viciously shoving aside his thoughts, and turns back to his work, which he is going to do, because he’s a goddamn adult and he knows what self-control is.
“Castiel?” he hears Bela prompt, a strange note of steel in her voice, but then he’s briefly distracted by Layla walking by. She’s giving him a funny look, and Dean’s afraid she’ll blow his cover, so he holds a finger up in the universal
“Well, this is a matter you should discuss with the council, I believe. I’ll ask you to return and present your request to them tomorrow morning. Ten o’ clock.”
?” Dean protests, incredulous. “Dude, you — you’ve been yanking me around for over a decade, basically, and then once I finally figured it all out—"
“Honestly, if he had it his way, I’ve always thought he’d take his little brother and his car and just drift across the country indefinitely.”
But just in case — Cas doesn’t need the courtyard or the fledglings to train; he’ll figure something out in here.
Dean waves a hand, yawning, and to Cas’s surprise, rolls over and plants a clumsy kiss somewhere in the vicinity of his mouth. He doesn’t draw away when he’s done, just collapses again right next to Cas, sleep-warmth radiating off his body as he sighs.
