“Would it be okay to get another hug?”
“The new guy can do it.”
“Baby is part of your family,” said Cas soothingly as he rubbed Dean’s arm.
By the time Paul got back to the shop he was still unsure what just happened, but he was sure whatever the joke was, it wasn’t on him. Plus, he was up fifty bucks. He walked back into the store.
“If this isn’t Cain, where is he?”
They sat in companionable silence, Jack enjoying the nougat and the woman enjoying the sunshine. Not seeing a trash can when he was finished, Jack carefully tucked the wrapper into the pocket of his jeans.
“Of course, Dean. We’re at the car. Stand right here and I’ll unlock the door. Okay, now just feel the edge of the door.”
“Of course, man.” Chief engulfed Dean in a hug, holding him firmly but gently against his chest. “I’m real proud of you Dean. And thanks for your help.”
The next morning they joined Chief at the club before it was open to the public. Much easier to poke around with an EMF meter when no one was around to ask what he was doing. Chief stayed chatting to the employee that let them in.
“You don’t have to make it sound so impossible.”
“Cas, I’m telling you, no. Absolutely not.”
It was a cool blustery day loudly signaling the approaching onset of winter. The wind periodically rattled the overhead branches. The farther away from the shop Paul drove, the more the creepy factor increased. Paul hadn’t been in town very long, but it was still long enough to know that sometimes really strange things happened. The residents seemed a little more sanguine about the unknown than Paul was used to, but that was working to his advantage. He had been looking for a place just to exist, after all.
Paul kept his face still. Why had he gotten fifty if it was usually only ten? Had he passed some sort of test or was the green-eyed man just randomly generous? Either way, it lifted Paul’s spirits considerably. “Hey, why do we deliver all the way out there anyway? Couldn’t help but notice how far outside the online delivery map they were.”
A little confused, he left the bed and took a shower. His body still ached but he did not feel as miserable as the days before. He also could not remember how he had found the way to his bed. The last thing he knew was that he had read an interesting passage in one of his books. He reflected on it under the hot water.
Yes… that one time when I told him the truth. My heart has been so human before… but now… it feels like my chest is on fire.
Dean's head sank down on the books, lower and lower until he fell asleep.
Dean locked the door to drown into his books again.
“Cass!” Dean blushed in embarrassment and grabbed Castiel’s arm. “Get up! Let’s get home! You can explain this later!”
Sam hesitated, searching in his memories.
“What music do you want to hear, Cass?”, Dean asked, driving through the rainy night. Castiel was surprised. Dean had never asked him for his music taste.
Castiel hesitated. “I’m afraid… I can’t…”
Dean winced, took in a hasty breath, but did not wake up.
"You did not stop screaming… you called for me again and again… and so the empty woke up again too… she felt disturbed and let me out of the cage to finally be able to rest… she led me back to earth… saying I was wrong in this place if there are still people crying for me so loudly…"
Dean bit his lip at this remark.
Sam looked at Dean in surprise. “Oh.”
Castiel’s eyes followed Dean’s steps. He had already made a decision. Just like always, he followed Dean’s lead. Dean often had a very different way to solve problems than him, but in the end, he somehow managed to get Castiel on his side.
“So… what did he do?”
He felt the stubbles of Castiel’s beard and soft skin underneath, the heat of a human body under the influence of strong emotion.
The memory caused Sam to have a laughing fit that made Dean turn red like a tomato.
Castiel observed him through the rustling leaves, covered by the trunk of an old tree.
“Just why do you know me so well…”, he said, almost desperately. “Before he left… he said I could… be the real me in front of him…”
Dean remained silent for a few seconds, crossing his arms in front of his chest and kicking stones.
Dean had not expected to be backed up and looked at Castiel with a pleased smile on his lips. “See, he appreciates me, Sam. He knows what I’m capable of.”
Dean sighed. “Okay. But… don’t overdo it… Stop it when you feel exhausted. Promise me.”
“I know you want to bring Cass back, we all want that, but Dean, you need to accept that he won’t return this time! You have to move on!”
Dean forced the words out, as it was so hard to accept. "It worked… the incantation… it… really worked…!?"
“Wait!”, he whispered. “Let’s prank him! He didn’t believe in me bringing you back! I wanna take revenge.”
“That’s good… that’s really good.”
Sam shook his head, a small grin appearing on his lips. “Actually… I thought you would be the one bottoming.”
"I'm gonna help you …", Castiel whispered, laying his palm on Dean's temple. A bright light began to flow from Castiel's to Dean's body, accompanied by a new pleasant tickling that made Castiel chuckle unconsciously. Even healing Dean felt different now...
“Sometimes. But it does sound unlikely that you would go from no activity in fifteen years to a sudden haunting.”
“Just, stuff.”
“You what?!”
Dean has had many last suppers. It started when he was four. He knows that they didn’t have Winchester surprise for dinner the night of the fire. No, they’d had macaroni and cheese, and meatloaf with lots of ketchup, and canned green beans that Dean pushed around on his plate until his dad yelled at him to just eat them already. The meal hadn’t been special, or different, or stood out at all, except that it was the last dinner he ever ate with his family all together before it cracked in the heat of the demon’s blaze. No, it was the days after the fire, everything lost except the brother he couldn’t seem to let go of, hovering when he was fed or changed because Dean was too small to do it on his own. His mind kept returning to it. The table, the food, the places set, Sammy in his crib, his mom and dad talking about grownup things. The ketchup. The green beans. The slithery feel of the mac and cheese offset by the dry lumps of meatloaf. He remembered his mom’s smile. It was beautiful. He didn’t really understand at first, how she was gone. He kept hoping she’d be at the next place they landed for a few days. She never did show up and eventually he realized that was what death was.
“Jack, what are you doing?”
Jack turned and tilted his head. “Yes. Dean keeps hoping that it will be a handcart one of these days, but so far it hasn’t been. I don’t get that joke, but he is very fond of it. Goodbye.” Jack turned back towards the car and continued walking. The door opened and he got inside and the car pulled away.
“Hello?” he called.
“Do you wish you did?”
“Why’re you sorry? I’m the one that…”
“Cas, I’m fine. Really.”
Dean cleared his throat, his brain lighter than it’d been in months, his heart wider than it’d ever been. Maybe the last suppers would always haunt him. Maybe he’d always find a bit of fear lurking in the corners of the happy times ahead. But with Cas by his side? Maybe Cas was right and it would get easier. Maybe he could hold on hard enough to the time right in front of him and really live instead of just existing.
“Dean, how do you know Chief?”
“Oh, no. I don’t have a job.”
With an eye roll Cas opened his door and strolled over to the gate, fumbling at the lock. Within minutes the lock hung from Cas’ fingers as he pushed open the gate beckoning Dean through. Once Baby had cleared the opening Cas reclosed and relocked the gate getting back in the car with a pointed look at Dean.
“Everyone already knows Baby. She’s already a symbol as-is.”
“Anything.”
Cas held up the sticker, it’s silvery letters spelling out SUPERWHATNOW? In all caps. As Dean stared at it a anti-possession tattoo image bulged out of the lettering and then subsided again. “Well that’s new.”
“So what, he’s got amnesia or something?”
“Yes Dean?”
Dean followed the instructions looking into Jack’s beaming face before looking at his lap. He picked up the art project. It was made of two pieces of green construction paper taped together down the middle with a bunch of pictures pasted onto them haphazardly. “Thank you Jack. But why was this a secret.”
Paul handed over the pies and glanced at the bills. “Sir! The other guy already paid for the pies, this is too much.”
“You are mocking me!”
They’d been driving for hours and each small town they passed, whether blink and you’ll miss it or slightly more substantial, was full. Parking lots crammed with cars, people loitering outside of restaurants. It was getting dark. Dean just wanted a shower and a shitty motel bed. Maybe something to eat besides his road food. Cas was quiet, staring out the window at the cows and the towns and the fields of whatever they passed.
“What are you going to do to me?” Lassiter didn’t like the look in the trench coat man’s eyes.
They walked out of the room and out to the reception desk where Cas took care of the payment and paperwork. Dean idly picked up a business card, tromboning it in and out to try to make out the words. His eyes were way too dilated for that. All he could see was faint smears. Good thing Cas was with him.
“We’re glad you called,” said Cas. “It sounds like a ghost.”
“So anyway, there wasn’t a case but we stuck around because Chuck asked us to. This was before he was God. Or at least before we knew he was God. And then there was a case.”
“Did he punish you?”
“Can we go somewhere?”
“Yeah yeah. I deserved that.”
“Why not?”
“What do you think would help?”
“We will.” It was a long drive back home, but Dean didn’t mind. He had Cas and had helped Chief. And he thought maybe there was some leather and lace in his future as well.
“Dean.”
“It’s not Cain, that much is for certain. I don’t think he has it in him for this level of subterfuge.”
“We talk all the time!”
“Three or four? It’s depends on how you count.”
“Doctor, will you please tell my husband to wear the glasses again.”
“No Papa! We aren’t ready yet.”
“Well how come Daddy got to see your secret.”
“Look at this photo.” Cas was pointing to a picture on the wall. As Dean came closer he saw that the same bracelet was wrapped around a man’s wrist in the photo. A matching one in different colors was on the wrist of the woman holding his hand.
“Like when you were an actor?”
“Yeah, you’re right. Okay I won’t actively mess with Sam about this.”
“It’s probably best we don’t think about it too hard. I doubt there’s a happy answer.”
“What?”
“Sorry Cas.”
“Dean, you agreed that…”
“I look forward to seeing that.”
Paul took a deep breath and plastered a weak smile on his face. He had never heard the word ‘initiation’ and had a good feeling about it. But he needed this job. “Sure thing boss.”
“Not a line. And you’re not dead, right?”
“Cain. Father of murder. Killed his brother?”
“Two weird middle-aged dudes with a twenty-something year old man that they talk about as their son. Their
“Thank you Doctor,” said Cas, shaking his hand.
“Sounds complicated.”
Dean stared at the paper in Cas’ hands with resentment. It
“I got it Cas.”
“Of course.” Cas kissed Dean’s cheek. “Are you still going to give Sam a hard time?”
“So what would you want to say. To make it not awkward in your head anymore?”
Dean fumed, arms crossed tightly over his chest. The idea that the minivan might be a better hunting car! How can you possibly weigh better such mundane things like gas mileage against Baby?! Though Dean did like those seat heaters, especially when he was feeling his age. And those leather seats that let you sort of melt into them when you weren’t driving… Dean had already tricked out the van with hidden storage compartments and fully equipped it for hunting. Not because he was going to replace Baby, but because he didn’t want to be unprepared just because they were coming back from one of Jack’s soccer games. No. This was
With a metallic creak the door swung open, two men entering. The taller one was dressed like the butch version of Spencer in a tshirt and flannel and jeans. Better footwear than Spencer though. Durable boots instead of flimsy sneakers. The other was wearing dress pants, dress shirt, twisted blue tie and a tan trench coat. Both men moved like they knew how to handle themselves. Even worse, the taller one had a gun in his hand though at least it was pointed loosely at the ground.
“Okay. Okay. Look, man. Thanks again for driving all the way here. And helping me out.”
“I am careful! The park really is well protected. And Sam, he’s sometimes one of my dads, he made me an emergency kit.”
“Ffft. If you want to get that excited about ten bucks hey, go for it. You’re welcome to them.”
“Look pal, I don’t know any Spencer, magic is real, and I am about two seconds away from letting my angel crack open your noggin to see if that gets us anywhere.”
“Pretty soon. Yeah.”
“Night.”
“Sir if you could just sign the credit card receipt…”
“Clearly there’s been some sort of misunderstanding. I am not a biblical figure nor have I ever had long hair!”
. That’s not the point. You know what, never mind.”
“Well, it looks like it’s time. I hope you feel better soon.” Jack gathered up his backpack, slinging it over his shoulder as he walked towards a sleek black car parked at the edge of the park’s lot.
“Why now though? It was covered in dust in that storeroom, but no one ever noticed anything before.”
“Why don’t we put it on your minivan?”
“That’s the problem Cas. How can I give it time when time is what I worry we don’t have?”
“Research? Or should we just start driving?”
“Are you alright? You seem very pale all of a sudden.”
“Anything else?”
“She was our only home for so long.”
“It’s not? What should I be concerned with?”
“I looked at my phone and there’s not going to be any place for hours yet. Some local festival thing.”
“Dean! So glad you could make it.” The burly man was older in a way that was startling despite making complete sense. It’s not like his own mug wasn’t sporting crows feet and more than a little gray in his close-cropped hair.
“Then what is important?”
“Of course. Cas says we should forgive when we can.”
“Same thing as when you tell me we’ll get ice cream soon.”
“The last time. Shit, all the times. I should have been better for you.”
“Wanna get hitched on the way up there?”
Instead Cas was gone, shitty pizza their last supper. And yet Dean was still alive. Every meal became his last supper. He didn’t pray for it, because who would he pray to now that Cas was gone? Praying to Jack that he’d stop living without Cas wasn’t something Dean could do to the kid. But they were all last suppers. Each bite came with the question of whether it could be his last.
“Dean.”
“I did not panic at all. I may have made it a little awkward.”
“Now I wish I could say sorry. Or thank you? I mean I did thank them for stepping up. But just. I want to say thank you.”
“Nah, that’s not it. Just consider it…an initiation. And they tip well.”
“Well you look just like him if you gave him a serious haircut and stuffed him in a cheap suit. Right down to those bright blue eyes of yours.”
“Now, your vision won’t be great for awhile longer. I suggest that you not have someone help guide you, especially for the first couple of hours. No driving, no screens, try to stay in relatively dim rooms. If your eyesight isn’t back to normal in the morning, please contact our office. But you should be fine.”
He glanced down at himself. He wasn’t wearing pajamas, so he hadn’t gotten ready for bed. He was still in the navy dress pants, button down white shirt, undershirt and boxers. Socks still on his feet but in his house slippers instead of dress shoes. No holster though. No badge or wallet or keys. Well he hadn’t really expected them to be there, but he would feel better with his gun or at least his badge.
“I know okay. Now I know. Anyway, Chief sees me and comes over all aggressive. I guess he thought I was going to cause trouble since I was so uncomfortable before. He gets all up in my face, just staring at me. And then he says ‘Come on’ and turns around to walk back into the club, me trailing behind.”
The door opened to reveal a middle-aged man in a cozy sweater and jeans, his dark hair disheveled and his eyes a piercing blue.
“Exactly. Which reminds me, where was Janson Ankles or whatever his name was when I was in that world?”
“Yeah? You’d come with me?”
“I don’t.”
“We’ll be home soon.”
“Enjoy that little conversation?” Rowena leaned forward in the seat.
“No. But that reminds me that we’re supposed to put feelers out in Brazil to see if we can track that Sam and Dean down.”
“Didn’t you tell me you almost got one once yourself?”
“Well if you thought I was Cain, and I’m here, does that mean Cain is in my life back in Santa Barbara?”
“Yes Jack.”
“It got worse. First there was a broken glass in the kitchen when I woke up, even though nothing was left on the counter and I don’t have any pets. Sudden cold spots throughout the house. I felt like I was being watched.”
“Sure, Cas. Anything.”
“Thanks Cas. Love you.”
“Where’d you get it?”
“I suppose you’re going to take off now?”
“Can it.”
“Sorry Dean.”
“I know Cas, I’m trying, but all these places are full and”
Still, the idea of sullying Baby with a bumper sticker? Dean couldn’t get past the outrage that boiled up whenever he thought of douching her up with such a thing.
“Depends on how you count? Young man, I don’t think you understand what sort of danger you are putting yourself in.”
“It was time. Thank you so much for letting us have this. Even after all these years. It matters.” A hug for each of them and Clara got back in her car and was gone, leaving the three of them awkwardly sitting once again in Chief’s living room.
“Your point?”
“Did it feel okay seeing him again?”
a good idea that Sam had. Sam was hard at work taking the loose network of hunters and forging them into an actual organization. And with that came the need to make every feel like they were a part of an organization. Plus, as they grew the group, Sam wanted to be sure certain levels of competence were met for anyone who participated which meant some sort of vetting process which led to questions of how to tell if people were legit or not when you met them out in the field. Dean was happy this wasn’t his own headache. He and Cas were happy to help out on jobs from time to time, but they’d both stepped back from the hunter life going so far as to buy an actual house with windows ten minutes from the bunker.
“This park is very safe. At least three of my dads agree on that.”
Dean closed his eyes, covering them with his hands for good measure. That way Jack could be sure there was no peaking.
“I know Dean. I can feel you struggling.”
“Shouldn’t be a problem.”
“Dean, we aren’t babysitting. He’s our son. It’s not babysitting when it’s your own child.”
“That makes sense.” Jack pulled a milky way out of his backpack hoping the chocolate hadn’t gotten too melty in the warm air. It
“No. Or maybe yes. Maybe you just need to say it out loud.”
He would have found the courage to tell Cas he loved him.
“When should we go?”
“Then I’m glad you did it.”
“Sam wanted to be sure that they couldn’t be easily counterfeit. He and Rowena worked on a spell to enchant the symbol to glow like that. He had some concern about charlatans and brand dilution.”
“No, but Sam told me about it. And I might have had Charlie scour the internet for a recording.”
“Nope. A lot of people get that wrong.”
“Who is it?” asked Jack in a sing-song voice.
“Well I can just keep going. Plenty of gas left in my tank.” Cas was quiet. Dean could feel his stare. “What?”
“Early.”
“It might.”
“Chief I wish I had more answers for you but I don’t.”
“Does it matter? Not like anyone was passing secret ‘help me’ messages.”
“Did I really seem like the kind of guy to speak in metaphors?”
“From me? Is that a bad pick up line?”
“The songs were very catchy. And I thought their Castiel did an excellent job.”
“What?”
“What’s a handcart?”
“Of course I’d come with you. But I’d like to suggest something.”
“I did not get that wrong! I don’t know what kind of weird filthy lies you’ve been taught but you shouldn’t have so many dads and there most certainly is a king of hell and that is Satan.”
Cas took a deep breath. “We hold on. We hold on and wait for this storm to pass. And it will pass, Dean. I am not going anywhere and neither are you. We’re here. Together. Nothing will change that.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his face, tears forming at the corners of his eyes with the memory. “I was such a mess and he was just patient and
“You tell me you’re going to die on this bench and go to hell and…”
“Must be 8 or 9 years ago? She didn’t like all the memories in town so she left.”
“It’s better in here.”
“Uh-huh. Paul! Delivery for you.”
“You really would be okay with it?”
“Ghosts. Ghosts of some little boys and their babysitter or whatever. Ended up having some pretty close calls. We thought it was the babysitter who was the evil one but she was keeping the sadistic kid ghosts in check. Was a whole thing.”
“Of course I do! And if this murderer is running around in my life when he should be tied up here, I’m pretty sure I don’t want to risk that on however peaceable some murdering lookalike is feeling today.” Lassiter’s temper was rising. Futilely he pulled at his restraints.
“Who’s Cain?”
“What are you thinking about then?”
“I love you too.”
“Tryin’ to convince them that Sam and me were the real Sam and Dean. Don’t think they believed me though.”
“It will be okay Dean. I promise.”
“Do you think it’d be weird to, you know, maybe try to find them?”
“Yup. But I don’t think you get it.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.” The gravel drive curved up through the woods and into a small parking lot. Dean drove to the darkest corner and parked the car. “Now what.”
“Then I’m glad we’re helping too.”
“I love you.”
“Where’s Jack?”
“Are you still in touch with her?” Cas asked the question before Dean could open his mouth.
Dean laid his head on Cas’ shoulder and closed his eyes. Cas kissed his temple and started the car, headed home.
“Sure, when it comes to soldiers and discipline and all that, I get it. But this…”
“Did I ever tell you about the fan convention thingy? With Chuck and Becky? And the ghosts of those little boys?”
“You take care of each other.”
Cas’ voice startled him out of his tense thoughts. “What’s up Cas?”
“Dean, the doctor explicitly said you are supposed to wear sunglasses, inside and out, until you get up in the morning.”
“Yeah, yeah. Still think it’s douchey to wear these inside.”
“Fiancé?” Chief’s face split into a huge grin as he pulled Dean into a hug. “I’m so proud of you!” Chief let go of Dean to shake Cas’ hand eagerly, while Cas shot a befuddled but fond look at Dean who was now blushing like a sunset.
“What if I didn’t want to hunt anymore?”
“Sorry Cas,” Dean said again. “I just can’t stop thinking about all the times…”
The answering kiss knocked the wind out of them both. Enough lasts. Dean was ready for more firsts.
“If I tell you, won’t be secret. Go downstairs Papa.”
“What would I say? To the air or whatever.”
“What are you thinking Cas?”
“I like keeping complete records. And frankly, you were so earnest and broken and I thought. Maybe I’d give you a call, check on you once in awhile.”
Now that Paul thought about it, there had been things carved into the porch and the windowsills and the door frame. He figured it was just personal preference. “I don’t know, wasn’t anything that strange about it.”
“Cas I don’t know much other than I need you in order to be okay. You wanna move closer to Claire, I’m moving closer to Claire. Plus it would be good to see Jody and Donna and the girls more often.”
“Love you too Dean. Good night.”
“I’ll close my eyes.”
Taking a deep breath and trying to focus on the tips, Paul affixed his polite smile in place and grabbed the pies and the root beer off the front seat. The wooden porch was sound enough, newer boards still yellow from replacing their predecessors. The front door that he rapped on had been painted recently enough to still have a faint air of new paint smell.
“That makes sense. But whose ghost?”
Chief cradled his wrist to his chest. “Not sure I want you to destroy it.”
“Which time?”
“I didn’t think you were into public…”
Cas smiled at Dean, smile like a sunrise, smile like hot chocolate on a snowy day, smile like forever.
“Well I kinda had a bad night and he helped talk me through some stuff.”
“You’re a good man, Dean,” said Cas with another kiss. “Even if you aren’t a lady.”
“I got no idea. I mean, I don’t think he’d cut his own hair again and it’s his room with his stuff. But yeah, it’s been suspiciously quiet.”
“Talking to the pizza man.” Jack walked back inside the house.
Dean’s not really sure what he expected as he rolled into town. Not much had changed even though it had been more than a decade. Sam had quirked an eyebrow at him when he told him the destination, a silent reminder that you don’t hit the same town more than once. Still to Dean the equation was simple, he owed the guy, he was going to help out with whatever was needed, even if it turned out not to be their sort of case. Besides it had been a nice drive with Cas by his side, the two of them talking or not, singing along to Dean’s old mix tapes and just enjoying each other’s company.
“You got people back there?”
“Well they were together. As a couple. And they met because of the Supernatural books. And the fact that they were together as Sam and me was weird and gave me the heebie-jeebies. But…”
“No, just a human thing. At least there’s no signs that anything bad usually happens. Other than the local towns getting swamped with visitors.”
“Nah. I don’t remember their names. Or where they were from.”
“No, no. Of course not.”
“This is a dream. It’s just a hyper-realistic dream. Maybe someone spiked my Chinese food.”
Lassiter cut it, “Now wait a minute. Demons? Are you some sort of religious cult?”
“I keep thinking about how sweet they were. That next morning. I mean they were clearly friends when they were in the cemetery the first time with us. Friends and super not used to the idea that ghosts could be really real. And then after we got trapped in the place they managed to dig the dead boys up and send them on their way and no way we woulda survived very long without them.”
“Does it help to know he now wears comfy sweaters and polo shirts?” Cas leaned in with a wink. Dean just shook his head ruefully.
“But what?”
“You got it boss!”
“No hex bags or obvious human remains.”
“Nope, definitely the queen. Some of the demons wanted to petition for her to be a king of hell since they’ve had kings in the past and they thought gendered language might confuse some of them, but she didn’t take it well and she’s still queen.”
Chief picked at the bracelet on his wrist. “I can’t think of anyone.”
“We can do that. Any ideas?”
“Yeah well…”
“Sometimes. But people who insist on judging strangers that are just existing in the world get what’s coming to them.”
“It’s what I wanted each time I died.”
“’Talk smack’?”
“Jack, can I come in?”
“We probably should still get one for the van. Just in case.”
“Hello.” A much younger man stood in front of Paul with floppy hair and wide blue eyes, his hand raised in greeting.
“I can try.”
“Thanks Cas.”
“Yeah Cas.”
“I was so thrown by the gay thing I didn’t really think about the fact that these dudes now knew that ghosts were real and they only had each other. I shoulda given them my number or looked out for them. Or something. So maybe…maybe I should try to find them. And if they’re still alive. Maybe I can…maybe
“If you say so Dean.”
“So young man. Do you work around here? I see lots of people take their lunch breaks in the park.”
“Papa I made you your heart. ‘Cause I know you worry about running out of love sometimes. Daddy said you can’t always remember about love ‘cause it’s not something you can see. So I made this so you can know it on the outside too. But I wanted to make it secret.”
“Hell yeah. He doesn’t need to know I actually did this right away, does he? I mean, what kind of big brother would I be if I didn’t give him a hard time?”
“Sir…”
The doctor opened the door and left. Cas gathered up his book and Dean’s jacket. “Shall we?”
“Did I use that wrong?”
“We’re stopping at the park.”
“You said weird things have been happening?” Dean was much more comfortable now that they were back onto the familiar landscape of strange happenings.
Still, Dean had locked himself in his room to work on a case. He just could not let it go. He had always been like that, hard-working and uncompromising towards himself, only finding release in more pain...
Castiel turned in his arms, looking at him with an expression so pure and honest it melted Dean’s heart.
"Everything will be alright… I promise you, Dean…"
“What is heaven’s realm even doing?! God is dead, why do they get on your nerves?!”
When Castiel finally came to his senses he reciprocated the kiss with his whole longing and it became a wild exchange. They pressed each other so close it hurt, they kissed each other so hard it caused their lips to look swollen and wounded.
Castiel had to swallow his tears down. Hearing such a promise was more than he ever dreamt of. A blessed smile formed on his lips.
“I’m back now.", he said in a gentle voice. "I will give you more energy so you can recover quickly.”
“Oh my god, Cass, is this really true?! You are alive!”
Sam laughed. “Good night, Dean.”
“Dean? Are you alright?”
Are you okay.
“Let’s learn to be ourselves together, Dean…” Castiel stroked Dean’s face gently and as the distance between them decreased Dean sighed against Castiel’s lips.
“So you have found a way to bring him back?”
Dressed in jeans and a white shirt he walked down to make himself a coffee. Sam was already preparing breakfast, turning his head in surprise.
“Wish you could stay for the night… Wish we could… make this real…”, Dean gasped, desiring more than just a heated kiss. “I’ve wanted you for so long… How can I sleep alone tonight…?”
Dean frowned. “With one-night stands, with meaningless girls… they were trophies, nothing more. But Cass isn’t an award… show him some respect.”
“We’ll tell you at dinner.”, Dean said, casually leaning on Castiel’s shoulder.
His hand reached for Dean's forehead again, letting golden energy flow into him. He knew that if he wanted to make Dean healthy and strong like before he would need to stay for a few hours and sacrifice a lot of his own energy, but he did not mind. He had been separated from Dean for so long he could not imagine anything better than staying at his side for a while longer, no matter how bad the situation was.
Again Sam laughed so loud that Dean became even angrier. “STOP LAUGHING!”
“Fantastic - now that you’re here! This is crazy, how were you able to come back?! Did Dean’s incantation really work?!”
Castiel stared at him with a red face, but then Dean had to leave the car because Sam stood directly in front of it.
“You are hurt…”
Castiel slowly shook his head.
“Dean… take your time… My stupid questions shouldn’t put you under pressure. There are many other things you can do in bed… you don’t have to start with the real thing… Just get to know each other… and by ‘get to know each other’ I mean ‘get to know each other’s bodies and preferences’… With all these years you have loved him and he has loved you… I bet you won’t come very far in your first night anyway…”
But the comfortable feeling in his body increased and he fell into a short, wonderful dream seeing Castiel's face again, experiencing the scene of confession again…
"I love you.", Castiel said in the most sincere way and Dean felt his eyes burning with tears, a thick lump in his throat that made it impossible to answer.
“Good night, Sammy…”
“This is the fourth time you say this! How about the three attempts we made before?! We - YOU - sacrificed so much but what did it bring in the end?! Look at you! You lost all your strength! No matter what it is this time, I can’t support you with it! This madness has to stop! If you can’t protect yourself I will!”
Hidden behind the shelf of an ancient underground library, Castiel observed Dean’s restless attempts to open a rusty door, locked by a hundred-year-old curse. Behind this secret door, he had just found the bones of an ancient priest, the last thing he needed for the incantation.
My wonderful, pitiful Dean, Castiel thought, slowly approaching the window. Cautiously his fingers stroked the curtains aside, so he could have a better look at the man sitting on the desk, buried by countless books. Shadows lay under his eyes from sleepless nights and many tears…
Dean quickly realized how bossy he sounded. This was quite the old, harsh tone that he wanted to avoid. He took Castiel’s hand and kissed it in apology.
A tickling feeling was connected to it. Dean knew what his hidden nature would want to do the most and he feared it at the same time. It seemed so forbidden and still so seductive to think about it…
Sam did not sense the duality of this statement, but Dean grinned like a Cheshire cat.
“Come here!”
After his return, he had forbidden himself to reveal his presence to Dean. He did not dare to face him, not after what he had spoken out. He was too afraid of Dean’s answer. He knew that nothing would be like before, because now Dean knew about his feelings.
“I’m not a man of many words, you know.” Dean leaned his head against Castiel’s cheek and kissed it spontaneously. “I’m going in, preparing the burgers. Hope you guys like it cheesy and greasy.” He chuckled and went ahead.
Dean took a sip from the beer bottle and said in a dark sarcastic manner: “God, don’t make me think about it… I’m ready to come when he just touches my nipple…”
“I always wanted to say this to you.”, Dean mumbled, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist from behind in the dim light of the corridor.
Sam stood next to them, still looking bewildered.
“Sammy, don’t tease me! I swear I’m gonna beat you up…!”
“Dean, I don’t understand it! Cass has been dead before, but you never tried to get him back so madly! You always came to your senses - what is different this time?! What has changed?!”
“You never told me. No matter how often I asked. You… kept it from me.”
“Just don’t… don’t hurt me… okay? If I open up to you… don’t… don’t make me regret it.” Castiel inhaled Dean’s shaky voice.
They sat at the table chatting for a few more hours. Then it was time to go to bed.
“You were right… I sacrificed myself for nothing again…”
Dean laughed. “Darling… that is… - Cas - horrible! Cheesy!” Castiel’s expression grew a little disappointed, so Dean cleared his throat quickly and corrected his words. “Alright, darling. Let’s go home, Cass, darling.”
Dean helped him.
“Dean that is… how could you have hidden this from me…?!”
"Cass…", he urged, in a broken voice, barely hearable.
Dean sighed, eating his eggs.
Dean freed himself from Sam’s grip. “As I said: You know nothing!”
“Hey, Sammy!”
“My attention is always on you.”
Suddenly Dean sat up. The distance between the both of them decreased at this moment. Dean's green eyes were directly in front of Castiel's, fixating the blue ocean depths of Castiel's iris.
Dean did not reply. As usual, he was grumpy and distant-minded. He sat down on the table, waiting for Sam to serve the foot. It did not take long until his brother put eggs and bacon on Dean’s plate. “You could at least say thank you.”, Sam complained, while Dean kept his silence and they started eating.
The fight caused turmoil, and he was surprised Dean did not take notice. When the monster fell down lifelessly he could see why.
“I’m afraid it won’t happen, Sammy.”, he said in a melodramatic tone. “I’m making Dean burgers!”
Sam pulled Dean into his arms and hugged him. “Of course I accept it, Dean… it’s only important that you are happy.”
“Sammy.”, he grabbed his brother’s arm. “What if I hurt Cass… what if he can’t enjoy it… what should I do?!”
“I’m glad I don’t have to tell Dad… He’d surely not be happy about this…”
"Sammy… Sammy help me… where are you…!?", he hissed, though he knew his little brother could not hear him. Unconsciously he began shaking. What if he would die here!? Without seeing his brother again!? Without seeing Cass again!?
“Sammy…” Dean pressed himself against Sam’s body.
Today he would surely find a solution, the trick to bring Castiel back. It could not be impossible. He did not want to believe this.
The way Dean had said it he did not mean it as a simple description of who he was, more like the nickname for a lover. Castiel appreciated it to be called Dean's angel. To thank him he answered with another kiss that made the tiny hairs on Dean’s neck stand. It was a dominating kiss, manly and arousing.
Dean leaned against the Impala nonchalantly.
“Dean.”
Such simple words, but they were still meaningful in a moment like this. Castiel had not said these words at his goodbye. This could not be the scene from Dean’s memory.
Dean rolled his eyes and wanted to leave.
“Cass, did he just…- he kissed you…?!”, he stuttered. “I… didn’t hallucinate this?!”
In panic Castiel ran to Dean, forgetting his plans to secretly appear at the right moment.
Sam and Castiel held their bellies. “Oh, thanks Dean, I’m very full. But it has been delicious.”, Castiel said.
Sam lay a hand on Dean’s shoulder to comfort him.
Dean fixed his expression, but pretending to be grumpy in a state of such overwhelming happiness was a tough act. He probably did not appear very convincing.
"Like it when I treat you?" A cheeky smile appeared on Dean’s lips.
“God… I was so afraid…!”
“You are. There’s no better word to describe it. Everything about you is pretty. And I hope that in the future… you won’t hide this Dean from me anymore. This sensitive Dean… he has enchanted me the most.”
Dean nodded. “Where you belong, Bud- … I shouldn’t call you that anymore.” Dean stretched his hand out to take his hand. Castiel looked at it, barely able to understand his luck. He was allowed to take Dean’s hand now. Just like that. Just like… a real couple.
Has it ever been like this?
“I’m afraid I can’t stay, I have an appointment at the angel’s realm tonight.”
Sam felt a little triumph hearing this. He had estimated his brother so well, knowing him for so long, better than anyone. Dean had sometimes unconsciously shown a tendency of preferring submissive roles...
“Come on Cass, don't be a stick in the mud! Stay in the car!”
“Sam, you have really become efficient in the kitchen! Glad you finally found your real purpose!”
Dean knelt on the ground, groaning in pain. The spell had of course cost something and now Dean suffered. Castiel was shocked at first. Incantations always took something from the speaker of its demonic words, but the sacrifice should be small. It could be something like finding a hair in your coffee the next morning, a small moment of bad luck, but it seemed Dean had sacrificed way more than that.
“Dean, we should talk about this! Every morning you come down looking more miserable than the day before! We are here to relax, but all you do is work all day and night!”
"The truth is… since she sent me back... I've been around you for quite a while… I just didn't dare to show myself to you… because… the last time we saw each other… I… said something to you… something so selfish and unreasonable… I didn't even think of how uncomfortable it could make you feel and how much it could change our friendship. I didn't know how I should meet you after that… I'm sorry Dean…"
“Not everything but… The nights before I’ve been healing you and… I will need a bit of time to recover.”
"Try to endure it. That's my man…", Dean praised and it helped Castiel to withstand the pain. Dean's praise was new and a great thing to feel. Something in the way he said 'my man' made Castiel feel confident. His face softened, looking at Dean with thankfulness.
“Came back from my mission. Wanted to spend some quality time with baby.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Just why are you ruining it every time, Sam? This sounded too cheesy.”
Cas walked slowly along the deck, passing by Dean, and squinted at the half-shoveled snowdrift. Dean started to feel judged—and irritated. He scooped another shovel full and flung it.
“Are you cold?” Dean hadn’t put a jacket over his flannel shirt when he’d taken a notion to do this after waking up at dawn and spending half an hour staring at the falling snowflakes.
“We don’t have time for this Cain.”
“Well if you think all that isn’t freaky, you can make those runs from now on.”
“Papa. Can I come in?”
“No Papa. It’s a secret.”
“Okay.”
“Are your eyes closed Papa?”
The first thing he noticed as he regained consciousness was the headache. The second was that he was tied up and sitting in a chair. The third, he was in some sort of murder dungeon. And the fourth was that he could hear the voices of two men outside the door talking, but not clear enough to understand what they were saying. His mind was strangely foggy. Remembering might be the key to getting out of whatever mess he landed in. He really hoped he could free himself before Spencer found him. At least he could count on Spencer to be looking for him, as much as that thought galled. Still eating crow was better than ending up dumped in a ditch after whatever was supposed to happen in the murder dungeon.
they were talking about. She wasn’t ready to retire yet!
“Dean?”
“Should I get Sam in here to convince you?”
“Say what you want to express to the men who caught you off guard by being homosexual.”
“You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to.”
do you?”
“Love you too.” Dean’s smile broadened at the earnest words. Hard to be irritated when the kid was so goddamn happy. Dean didn’t think he’d ever get used to that sweet sharp pang when he realized he was maybe pretty good at this parenting thing, and maybe little Dean had deserved this kind of care too. He returned to the chair and his book, listening intently for the door opening. He couldn’t concentrate on the words but instead found himself nodding off a little when at last the squeak of hinges brought him all the way awake.
Transaction complete, they leave the store and walk out into the mall proper. Dean winces and groans against the bright fluorescents.
Dean fumbled for it desperately. He didn’t like this. He couldn’t see what was coming, couldn’t hardly even see the shape of Cas. Everything was too bright and he couldn’t force his eyes to stay open.
“Not very good at that.”
“No, I mean. About Chief.”
“We don’t have time for this.”
“Really Cas, it’s ok. I’m okay.”
“If Cain is in my life, and people think he’s me… When you say ‘father of murder’, exactly how literal is that statement?”
Last supper for Cas again and Dean was broken. Had he known Cas was going to be taken by the empty, that Cas would die again while he was powerless to stop it, Dean would have made something special instead of munching on cheap pizza. He would have fixed a meal for both of them. He would have set the table.
“It’s not a big deal, Cas.”
“I hadn’t noticed.”
“Yes. I find it better to not keep the queen of hell waiting, so I’m early.”
“Not entirely sure. But they won’t be able to hurt anyone and they’ll be gone from here.”
“If someone is behaving inappropriately…”
son. Like he acts like a preschooler on too much sugar. All the strange symbols everywhere on their property. That house was abandoned ages ago and suddenly this weird family lives there…”
Cas’ squint deepened and Dean realized the conversation was veering wildly off course. “Okay, Cas. I get it. I do. It’s just, she’s so beautiful without…
The next last supper was the one before the car accident. Hardly a supper since it was more beef jerky and coffee to help keep him going. And then the last supper was the one where he and Sam ate at some diner. Dean had gotten an open-faced turkey sandwich, Sam some wilty salad. Because then Sam was gone and it was just Dean again and he didn’t know if they’d see each other again.
“Ready for what?”
“What, like praying?”
“That’s it? Just a good tip?”
“Haunted?”
“Beautiful day, isn’t it?”
“Nope!” The cheerful chirp made Dean narrow his eyes.
that it applies to us.” Dean stood with his hands on his hips glaring at Cas.
“Go ‘way Papa. I’m doing something.”
Lassiter blinked a few times, something soft under his cheek. The room was dark. Carefully he sat up trying to see anything in the gloom. Gradually he could make out the outline of a door, light highlighting the edges. He stood up and shuffled to the door, reaching instinctively for the knob. With the door open he could see into the room much better and could recognize it was his own bedroom. He felt rumpled and disoriented from whatever that weird interlude had been. He must have fallen asleep and dreamed the two men and the room. He walked out of the bedroom and did a quick inspection of all the rooms and doors and windows. He laughed ruefully at himself. He must have just laid down for a second and fallen asleep, nothing more. Satisfied everything was in order, Lassiter got ready for bed still chuckling at his gullibility every now and again.
“Glad we could help. Look, we’re gonna go get settled in, do some research, some canvassing.”
“What kind?”
“But not a sweetheart?”
“It’s the pizza man,” Cas called back.
“About what?”
“Yes. The bench is comfortable while I wait. I’m a little early.”
“What boys are you talking about then?”
“I’m glad he has you. And now that we’ve reconnected, I hope you’ll both stay in touch.”
“It means I am respecting his right to alone time while hoping that nothing too weird is going on up there.”
“It’s after dark. Park will be closed.”
“Please put on the glasses Dean.”
“Oh that’s Danny and Clara. She split after Danny died.”
great for you. To…to have someone. I just didn’t know how to live where people could see me. And to see you…made me have to think about a bunch of stuff I wasn’t really ready to look closely at. In my own heart. But I think about you, and I think about how good you were together. So, uh, anyway. I hope you’re still happy. And together and stuff. And like I said. Thanks.”
“We’ve all had our rough patches, Dean. And I learned the hard way how important little gestures can be. How much they can mean.”
Dean said nothing, squirming a little in his seat.
Dean opened his mouth a few times trying to come up with a retort, but it was clear that Cas considered the conversation over. A few miles down the road, Dean dutifully turned down the gravel road by the sign for the park and stopped at the well-lit barrier. “Now what?” he muttered gruffly to Cas.
“Has anyone died in the house? Or has anyone close to you died recently?”
“There were these boys. Guys. Whatever. They helped Sam and me get the ghosts. They were larping as me and Sam and they really saved our bacon. I talked to them the day after it all went down.”
Last suppers for Rufus and for Bobby. For Charlie.
“Still rocking the fed badge?”
“Dean,” Cas said quietly, eyes a little red. “Look closer.”
“It’ll be funny.”
“The dead boys?”
“Alright. Keep the sunglasses on and we’ll go home and lay down and make sure the lights are off.”
“I don’t need you to be better. I just need you.”
“Yes haunted. Good news, we just have to salt and burn it and hopefully that will take care of the spirit.”
“Anything you can recall about the ghosts? Was there anything common about the incidents?”
“Mr. Winchester, I really need you to put these on. You’ve had a stronger than usual reaction to the drops. You could risk damaging your vision if you don’t.”
“You wanna get cute. Fine. The one you gave me. This mark.” The taller man thrust his arm at him, a brand visible on his forearm. “Your mark.”
“In his room working on something ‘secret’.”
“Hello!” Jack raised his hand in greeting to the older woman settling herself on the bench next to him.
“Dean….Dean! You need to try to calm down. I’ve got you. I won’t let anything happen to you. Come on, the sooner we get home, the sooner you can relax.”
“Sam will be back in an hour or so. We can tell him then and leave in the morning?”
“Shut up.”
“It doesn’t look like we’re going to stop anytime soon.”
“I’m sure.”
“You seem very upset about this.”
Dean nodded as Cas kissed his temple and headed up the stairs. Dean could only hear a muffled knock and Cas muttering something before the door opened and then closed again quickly. Huh. Still, if Jack let Cas in he would know soon enough if it was dire. Humming under his breath it didn’t take long for him to stow the groceries but Cas and Jack hadn’t emerged. The house was once again eerily quiet. Restless and curious Dean climbed the stairs and knocked on Jack’s door.
“He’s one of my dads.” Jack smiled at the woman, his hair flopping over his brow.
“For what?”
“You’re expecting the queen of hell to come meet you at this bench?”
his family and his home. But so was Cas. And Sam and Jack and Eileen. And so many others. He guessed his family was growing and changing and maybe that was a little hard to accept. “Alright Cas. Let’s do this.”
“Speaking as a younger brother, a good one?”
“These days most people respond pretty well to human interest journalist slash blogger. We only go fed when we have to deal with an active case that the cops are involved in.”
“Well hello young man.”
“Chief. Good to see you.” The man’s large hand engulfed Dean’s in a firm handshake. “This is my fiancé, Cas.” Instead of letting go of Dean’s hand, Chief continued to idly shake it slowly up and down.
“About what?”
“Not really. Why would Cain want to go to Santa Barbara? And I’m starting to think that this guy isn’t just not Cain. I’m thinking he’s actually from a different world.”
The next morning Dean awoke with Cas’ hair tickling his chin. He wasn’t sure how two grown men managed to sleep scrunched up in the backseat of the Impala, but they’d done it. Sure his back would start complaining as soon as he got up and his neck would probably ache for at least the first hour of driving, but he was grateful for it. Stopping had been the right call and laying here with Cas had calmed all the swirling in his head. Everything felt peaceful. Somehow this was even better than the motel. Cas hummed against Dean, a satisfied noise while still asleep. Dean smiled to himself and held on tight.
“Why, your immortal soul! You don’t want to go to
bad. Had he? On the other hand, going back to find Chief after their first encounter had been a flail of desperation.
“Brand dilution?” interrupted Dean. “What are we recreating Hunter Corp. here?”
“Any idea who this is?”
“Dean are you okay?”
“No, not them.”
They started walking, Cas leading them at a steady place back to the entrance, Dean clutching his hand like a lifeline.
Cas squinted at him. Dean glanced over at him. Cas gave a little shake of his head. “Dean, every time we pass another crowded town you get more and more tense.”
“Good! Keep ‘em closed. Please.”
“When did the weird things start?” Dean shot Cas a grateful look for taking the lead while he opened and closed his mouth like a landed fish. He hadn’t been
“Open your eyes!”
“I’d like that.”
“Take my hand.”
“What’s a secret?”
“Just my bracelet.” Chief held out his wrist to Dean. Dean had noticed it when they first met Chief at his house. It was a flat braid of black leather and pink lace.
“Hi?”
“Yeah actually. You were so tightly wound I was worried you were going to spontaneously combust. Talking around a topic instead of directly seemed more than plausible.”
“Is it wrong to feel happy about making someone upset?”
“So you’re thinking about two men who helped out on a case more than ten years ago because they didn’t believe you were you?”
“Don’t hurt yourself, man. Cas, can we swap them back?”
“We’re the only ones here, Dean.” Cas squinted at him in confusion.
“What if the ghost just wants to see her? See Clara?”
So what happened in that blank spot. He tried to concentrate but all he got was nothingness. Had he been knocked out? Or fainted? Was all this a dream as a result of a head injury? He tugged his arms upward but the restraints held and chafed. That was too real of a feeling for a dream, surely. His head hurt, but it was a tension headache kind of hurt. He rolled his neck experimentally. He didn’t think it was an injury. As far as he could tell he was in peak physical condition. Other than being tied up. There wasn’t much he could do without more information. Time to meet the locals.
“Jack? What’re you up to in there?”
“She’s a girl. And she is my friend.”
“No, Dean, I…” Their overlapping sentences drowned each other out.
“No job? Hm. Are you looking for one?” Her eyes narrowed.
a nice day though. Warm breeze, puffy white clouds to break up the endless blue of the sky. He savored the sweet of chocolate and caramel and nougat on his tongue. Cas said it was important to really taste things when you had a chance.
“Come in, come in.” Chief ushered them into a tidy living room in the small home. Dean looked around in surprise. “What? Did you expect me to decorate in bondage chic or something?”
“Are you sure?”
“What are we going to do? Stop in a damn field.”
“Yeah, okay.” Dean took a deep breath. Baby
“Oh yes. I liked the musical.”
“Computer glitch. Can’t get that damn thing to disallow that address. It’s the damnedest thing.” Paul smiled a little more genuinely.
“Like a case kind of festival?”
“But you didn’t.”
“When will it be ready.”
“You’re going to hell in that?!” she sputtered incredulously.
“Yes.”
“Ok Papa! Close your eyes! Time for secrets!”
“Okay.”
“You think the ghost’s unfinished business is seeing his honey again?”
“Dean. Please be reasonable. The idea is to have the sign so that people who need our help can recognize us too.”
“We can try Cas.”
The doctor walked back into the darkened room.
“Why not. Or if not a field, there was a sign a little while back for a park.”
can help them. Or whatever.”
“Cas? Can you talk to me?”
After paperwork he had declined the offer from the others to get a drink and gone back to his place, picking up some Chinese food at the local place on his way home. He definitely remembered eating the beef with broccoli and egg roll. He even remembered crunching on the fortune cookie without looking at the fortune. He had cleaned his gun and was going to get changed into his pajamas when…what? What happened then?
“A girlfriend,” the woman’s sour expression had turned sweet once again.
“I was an angel. I had to learn how to be human. What’s your excuse?”
Last supper for Gabriel. Last supper for Rowena. Last supper for Jack. Another last supper for Jack. And now Jack was sort of god.
“Well, unfortunately I think it might be haunted.”
“Save it, Cain,” the taller one cut him off. “How do I get rid of the mark?”
“From the Bible? Cain as in Cain and Abel?”
“Cas, it’s just. Baby is a
Dean’s eyes shone with unshed tears. “I’m in trouble Cas. I keep thinking this is it. This is going to be the last time we share a meal and you’re going to die, again. I can’t keep going like this.”
“I don’t think so, Dean.”
“Stuff?”
Dean sank into the hug and let the words sink into his brain as he clung back. “Thank you.” They stepped away from each other and Cas got his own hug from Chief, though much briefer.
“On this bench. I’m going to hell any minute now.”
The woman put a hand to her chest, her mouth opening and closing without any sound coming out beyond a few squeaks.
Jack smiled. “Rowena?”
“Would it hurt to try?”
“Find anything Cas?”
“Maybe. Can I please affix this to Baby’s bumper now?”
She shifted a bit farther away from him on the bench, eying him with much more suspicion than she’d had before. “Just how many dads do you have?”
“I… I don’t know. I mean I know, but I don’t know how to say it.”
“That was very kind of him.”
Dean grumbled, staring at his boots. “Fine.” He slips the sunglasses on, hating how he can see even less than before.
“What? Why?”
“As much as I think we both enjoy watching Dean squirm, I suppose you’re wondering why I reached out after all this time.” Chief’s grin lost a little of it’s energy as he spoke.
“Take care of yourself, Chief.”
to Claire.”
“I am Carlton Lassiter, Head Detective of the Santa Barbara Police Department. You are unlawfully detaining an officer of the law and I suggest you release me at once.”
“I delivered the pizza?” Paul knew there was some sort of correct response expected, but for the life of him he couldn’t figure out what the big deal was.
“Dean,” Cas’ voice broke into the spiraling of Dean’s brain.
“One problem at a time, Cas.”
. He didn’t know me at all, but he saw through my bullshit and just was there for me.”
Jack’s up to something.
“I’m not going to die. I’m just going to hell for the day.”
“So how did it go?”
Cas lifted Dean’s hand to rest in the crook of his arm and pulled him in close. “There. No we’re outside, and walking to the car. I’ll get you settled in the car and then I’ll drive home. And you know it’s only fifteen minutes home, right? And you can keep your eyes closed the whole time if you need to. Step down now, we’re at the curb. Once we get home, I’ll get you settled in the bed and we’ll keep the lights mostly off and if you want, I’ll read to you.”
“Yeah, uh, thanks Doc,” echoed Dean as he stood and took a few steps.
“You’re welcome. Check out with the folks up front and you should be good to go.”
“Well Papa wants to join in on the fun too.”
“Actually that’s why I’m here.”
“Why on earth would you think I’m Cain?”
“Okay Dean.”
“Yes it is. Though I think we need rain.”
“Danny died? When?”
“How badly did you panic?”
“Soon.”
The silence in the car weighed on Dean. He almost reached for the radio to star scanning for some classic rock but each time he stopped himself. Dean didn’t want to disturb Cas and he knew Cas liked the quiet. Dean was pretty sure he liked the quiet. It didn’t feel like uncomfortable silence, not heavy enough. Dean absently drummed on the steering wheel with his fingers. He wished they could find a place to stop. Maybe the next town.
The house was quiet. Dean realized it had been quiet for at least the past twenty minutes. Cas was at the store doing a grocery run and Jack is in his room. Dean was surprised at how far he’d made it through the dog-eared paperback since Cas left. Normally Jack would have been up in Dean’s space within thirty seconds asking about playing a game or baking something or taking a walk. But instead Dean has been sitting here, drinking his coffee and reading this book in peace.
During all of this Castiel had nearly forgotten the pain. Castiel bit his lip. “It’s… it’s nothing…”
Dean stared at Sam with wide eyes. “What?! You?! You had… gay sex?! Sammy?!”
Stay with me, Cass…
Castiel could not resist the closeness to Dean, he leaned into the touches of his tender hands around his face.
Dean rolled his eyes.
“You may call me ‘Darling’”, Castiel said, cheeks red with anticipation.
“Don’t stare at me like that, Cass…”, Dean mumbled. “I had to kiss you one last time before we go to Sammy and he’ll get all of your attention…”
I’d lost my heart a long time ago, without even realizing it. I was too blind and when I finally woke up, I knew what I wanted… but it had already run through my fingers like the sand of a broken hourglass…!
“I’ll bring you to the door.” Dean’s voice seemed strangely gentle when he stood up to follow Castiel. He even took his trenchcoat from the sofa and helped him put it on.
"It has only woken an undead copy of me, Dean…"
“I would… not make him do it, not in the world. I’m good at taking pain, I’m the best at it… but sleeping with Cass… I want it to be the most perfect thing… it must not be harmed by anything… pain... That’s what makes me insecure. I don’t want to destroy the mood…”
Driving to the holiday house in the Impala felt different. Castiel used to sit in the backseat. Being right beside Dean made him feel strangely important.
Castiel chuckled and hugged Dean’s arm with both of his hands.
Dean swallowed hard. He knew what Castiel meant. There was a side of him he had tried to cover up since he was young. It was his weak side, but also his true character. Dean had always been more sensible than Sam. His emotions could easily be triggered. As a child, he had cried a lot. At some point, he had realized that his true character was nothing that would make him survive in this harsh world. He needed a protection barrier. And so what he carried to the outside was the complete contrast to what was inside. A thick wall no one could break or look through. But Castiel had seen it. Castiel treasured it.
This chapter wasn't supposed to be such a fun read :D but I often imagine them discussing things like that.
Sam laughed. “Alright… He said that his boyfriend had trouble with bottoming and that it is a complicated thing to do. First of all, you need to be really clean to cause no accidents… and second, you have to be relaxed and trained to enjoy it. Otherwise, it will hurt.”
He choked it down. He could not tell Sam the truth, but Sam had seen the tears in his eyes, shortly before he slammed the door to disappear.
He wrapped his arms around Castiel's body, hugging him tightly while sitting on his belly.
It's the first time I see you after all this time… I left you crying and I come back to find you crying.
“What?! Isn’t it a justified question?!”
“Sam, can you just stop?!”
“Besides that… there is something else we should… probably explain to you…”, Castiel began carefully, searching for Dean’s eyes and approval.
“Sammy.”, Dean said before entering his room. “I just… wanted to say thanks.”
Dean sighed. “This real me… becomes incredibly nervous… thinking about… you know… bottoming…”
“So you tricked me!”, Sam realized indignantly. “I knew your incantation would not be successful! You just rised a zombie!”
Sam rolled his eyes.
Dean took a pot with warm water and cleaned the wound, leaving blood-soaked tissues on the table. Castiel's face frowned in pain.
"Look at me!"
Sam nodded. “You know I had that crisis with Janine back then… because she didn’t really want to sleep with me and that’s how it came. I told him about my sex life and he told me about his. We kind of therapied each other.”
Castiel searched for Dean’s eyes to find an agreement of what they would say to Sam. Dean just blinked innocently.
Castiel turned around and pointed at the entrance of the house. There stood a tall man with long brown hair, looking at the Impala.
“Unfortunately… but I will come back soon.”
“Ha! Seems like this condemned hunter finally has some luck…!”
Dean turned around and suddenly saw the door wide open. A smile of relief formed on his pale features.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No… I mean… of course, it’s come to my mind already… but I didn’t even dare to google it, you know… I was a bit paranoid… didn’t want you to discover me when checking my chronic…”
"Dean…" To see Dean cry always broke Castiels heart...
Sam stood in the living room in confusion. Tears in his brother’s eyes had always been a rare sight and a warning. There was something going on that he was not aware of and he needed to find out about it, for Dean’s sake, because… his big brother never knew what was good for him.
“I’m sorry… that was - … I didn’t mean it… Let’s try again: Would you please stay in the Impala, angel?”
"I was in the empty… locked in a cage… I slept deeply… it should have been impossible to wake me up… but I heard your voice… screaming for me… over and over again… it was so loud… and one day it woke me up."
Dean's forehead frowned in confusion. His hands wandered to Castiels face, beginning to touching his features, slowly tracing his jawlines with his fingers, not able to understand how this could be real.
“Dean…” Castiel cautiously touched Dean’s freckled cheek. “I also wanted to tell you that you’re pretty.”
“Well, Dean, technically he was right…”
"W-what…?!"
“You what?! Cass, you should have told me! I don’t want you to- wait… that means…-”
Dean bit his lip, struggling, then suddenly admitted:
It would not have been such a remarkable gesture if it came from someone else than Dean Winchester, a man who had always kept his distance, even to good friends like Castiel. Dean was definitely not a touchy person. Kissing anyone but his girlfriend was unthinkable. Considering all the moments from the past when Dean had reacted with irritation to physical contact between men, made it even more noticeable. Sam stared at his brother with wide eyes as if someone had put him in the wrong movie.
“Up so early?”
"Are you okay…?", Castiel replied with shaking lips.
"Come with me… get up." Castiel's arms grabbed Dean's shoulder. Sleepy Dean felt a warm touch and intentionally followed it. "That's it… you're doing well. Follow me to the bed … there you go."
While Sam cut onions and salad leaves Castiel removed his trenchcoat and rolled up his sleeve.
Castiel feared a confrontation, but he also longed to be with Dean again... to argue, to fight, to get hurt… because this had been their most common interaction in the past, but he had never taken it personally. Even the bad moments he had enjoyed because he loved every side of Dean. The grumpy, asshole side just as much as the sweet and childish side…
Sam had come out, worried because Dean had not left his car for half an hour. The last time Dean had not come out of the Impala, he had hurt his leg in a fight against vampires, unable to walk, so Sam probably came to help.
“I wanna feel you, Cass…” Dean’s tongue pushed itself inside Castiel’s mouth, drowning in this sweet hotness. “I wanna touch you…”
“I swear it happened once… he collided with my nipple… during a case - very embarrassing - and I came from it... My pants were freaking wet… I’m glad no one realized because it rained …”
Dean blinked softly. "I'm sorry, angel… I know I didn't treat you right. But from now on I will. You deserve it, Cass."
“He’s real.”, Dean said, confidently. “How about you say ‘better listen to me’ again, Sammy?”
I should come out before he speaks the last sentence… not that something happens to h-
Dean’s confidence did not vanish. Suddenly, he was proud. In Castiel’s absence, he had spent so much time on struggling, re-considering and doubting… Now he did not have to quarrel anymore. He loved Castiel, he was physically attracted to him. He was either bi or gay, which made no difference since he would not leave Castiel again in this life.
“Anyways… How was it? Why are you grinning? Are you drunk?!”
Dean had finished the dishes, drying his hands with a towel. “I kept it for a reason. I had to deal with it myself first…”
His voice echoed through the forest. Though the housefront and the parking lot were enlightened by the moon Sam was not able to recognize the inside of the car.
I really love to write conversations between the Winchester brothers.
But suddenly he felt that it was no durable solution. In truth, he craved for Dean to realize him, to be gifted a smile, a gaze from these sparkling green eyes, no matter if angry or happy. These eyes that carried the most intense emotions from all human eyes he had ever seen.
Sam appeared in front of them again. “I’m done, you can start.”
“Then…- explain yourself?! How did this happen?! You and Cass?! Really?! I mean - weren’t you the guy who jumped on every girl with a short skirt?!”
“Tomorrow we should check out the club.”
A voice from inside the house floated out the door, “Who is it Cas?”
“Paul! Two more deliveries.”
“Unfortunately very. Cain was peaceable for a long time but his instincts are to kill.”
A small smile flickered at the edges of Cas’ lips.
Lassiter thought of Juliet and Gus and even Spencer failing to realize it wasn’t him. What if they got hurt? No matter how he got here, he couldn’t let anything happen to them. “Send me back.”
“Two pies and the root beer going to this address.”
“No. That was the strangest part. He takes me to a room and instead of whips and chains there’s just a couch thing and a couple of small tables with water and blankets and stuff. So I sit on the couch all nervous and twitchy and full of that terrible feeling and he sits next to me, puts his hand on my arm and says ‘Look at me’ and I do and he says ‘It’s all gonna be okay. Whatever it is, you won’t have to carry this weight forever’ and I just cried. And he held me to his chest and I held onto his leather vest and just let go. And I found myself just telling him everything, all of it. He didn’t bat an eye.”
“Did you hear the laughing?”
“Just a feeling? Like it was looking for something.”
Another ten minutes and Cas came through the front door draped in cloth grocery bags. Dean took the outermost bags and started putting things away, “How was the store?”
“Who is this Cain character you keep talking about?”
“Okay.” Dean stared at the door for a few seconds. He wasn’t so sure about this but he didn’t want to wreck the kid’s sense of privacy. He was a good kid. Dean frowned as he made his way downstairs. Jack was a good kid, but what was he doing in there? Sammy and him never had this kind of privacy growing up. Motels and the backseat of a car don’t lend themselves to any sorts of secrets beyond the ones you locked up in your own head. Dean was sure it was fine. He sat back in his chair and picked up his book.
“What if it doesn’t pass? The storm in my head?”
“Spreading?”
“Have a good night!” The door shut decisively, Paul standing on the porch with fifty dollars in his hand and an abundance of confusion. He only hesitated a minute before retracing his steps back to his car. He thought he could hear continued laughter and some insistence that it wasn’t funny from the first man.
Dean and Cas drove in relative silence to the bungalow they had rented, a snug bedroom, bath with a kitchenette living room combo. They didn’t miss the crappy motels, instead enjoying finding these sorts of hidden spots for them to stay when they traveled.
“You really think they’re still around?”
“It just seems wrong,” Dean muttered.
“Can we keep reading the Night Circus?”
“Buddy, what… I don’t… this is…”
“Anything you like. What would you like?”
“Sorry about that, man. Here you go.” A third man with laughing green eyes wearing a purple flannel was holding out some cash.
“That must have been surprising when it wasn’t.”
“Send me back. Switch us back. Whatever.”
Another last supper for Mom. Last family supper with Dad, dragged from the past by a stupid wish.
“No, I mean, did you, did you just say you are on this bench to go to hell?”
“My mark?”
Cas smiled fondly. They’d come far enough that Dean could ask for comfort instead of bulling his way through. “Of course Dean. Do you want me to tell you what happens next?”
“No, not the beach. I mean yes, eventually. But…” Dean hesitated biting his lip. “What if we moved somewhere else? Somewhere that didn’t seem so haunted.”
“Yes you did.”
On and on the suppers kept coming. Dean rarely knew they were a last supper at all beforehand. They started to blur together after he came back from hell. Last supper before Sam said yes. Last supper before he drove to meet the devil in the cemetery. Last supper with Lisa and Ben before Sam crashed back into his life. Last supper when they were hunting down that vampire nest and Dean got turned. Last supper before Cas became god and another before he walked into the lake. So many lasts, over and over and over.
“I’m shutting the door now.” Cas shut the door and walked around to the other side of the car. “How are you Dean?”
“Only douchebags wear sunglasses inside, Cas! I’m not doing it.”
“Being here. With me. Putting up with all of my crap.”
“Of course. You always wanted to go to the beach.”
“I’m sorry about that. Yes, let me sign this for you.” Cas took the pen from Paul and scribbled a signature on the receipt. “Oh! Your tip. Hold on.” Cas disappeared back inside the house, Paul still clutching the bottle and pizza boxes.
And then a miracle occurred. And Cas came back. And all Dean could do was hold onto him. They clung to each other while Dean struggled to shake off that feeling of everything being over. He kept marking the time, marking the meals. Would the burgers be the next last supper? What about the grilled cheese he’d cooked up in the bunker’s kitchen yesterday? Each meal felt heavier and heavier. Dean felt suspended over a chasm of the next last supper, the next death, the next goodbye.
“No, no, no. You must be careful.”
“What’re you going to read me?”
“Dean, it’s not your fault. Chuck wanted everyone to leave you and so they did. Over and over. It’s not your fault.”
“Yes, the Winchester Gospels.”
“Go on.” Cas and Dean sat on the sofa, Cas’ hand automatically resting on Dean’s knee as Chief lowered himself into a large recliner.
“Cas I feel blind.”
“Though you aren’t great at it either.”
“You’ve been
“Whatever. Anyway, Becky that squirrely superfan that married Sam? Well she decided to hold a fan convention for the books. This was after Lucifer was free but before Sam went to hell. And then she used Chuck’s phone to get us to come, made us think it was a case.”
“You don’t have to. Keep going that is.”
“No. I’m meeting someone here.”
“No. But that doesn’t mean you should say it.”
“Yeah Cas?”
“I think that’s a great idea Dean.”
“I don’t think so.”
“Even with these on I can barely open my eyes!”
“Well I didn’t get one, did I. And I never said I’m a lady!”
“I’ll go check on him if you put away the rest of this stuff.”
“You remember the Supernatural books?”
“You can’t be serious?”
“No. I mean, not really. That’s not what I keep thinking about.”
Paul’s face fell into a more natural expression as he pulled out of the parking lot. The address was on the skirts of town. The street name wasn’t familiar but once you were out that far he didn’t think you’d really pay attention to street names unless you were looking for that one specifically. It was still almost a twenty-minute drive. Paul was a little surprised since their delivery area was mostly a ten-minute circle around the pizza place. The fact that he was going so far out of his way combined with the overheard conversation gave Paul a feeling of foreboding. He really hoped the money would be worth it.
“Ok.” Dean felt something light land on his lap. “Can I look now?”
“Sorry Cas.”
“Dean asking for a hug? You really have changed. I’m guessing that’s your doing Cas.”
“Why?”
“Dean.”
“I miss the suit though. You were so cute.”
“Yeah, the light just… it’s bad, Cas.”
“You’ve been talking with Claire.”
“Cas now what?”
“Yeah it was… something else. Somehow not nearly as disturbing as the musical though.”
“Do you know what happened to them?”
“Tweety pie would tell you to be better than that. Rise above and all that tosh. But he would also have kissed Dean on that bench if he had been there instead of you.” Rowena sat back against the plush leather interior, smiling. “Come on Jack. Let’s go to hell.”
Cas turned towards Dean, his gaze steady on Dean’s face. Slowly his expression softened as he reached up to gently touch Dean’s cheek. Dean leaned into the touch, still thrilling at the fact that they have this together now, freely, openly. “Now we eat some of the food we packed. And then we can sleep for a few hours.”
Cas slid closer, his thigh up against Dean’s thigh as he leaned against him. Dean leaned back. A faint voice whispered that Cas was right and they needed to stop and rest here. He let the urge to keep going no matter what drain out of him. Of course Cas was right. Dean placed a kiss on top of Cas’ head. “I’m glad we stopped.”
“Who’s Dean?”
“They do tip well.”
“You weren’t even there!”
“Baby is the best vehicle ever!”
“Oh Dean says I’m too young for that sort of friend.”
“Cas I shoulda saved you.”
“I agreed it was a good idea,
“I beg your pardon.”
“Yeah it started spreading.”
“Found it in a back storeroom. But I liked the look of it and I asked around, no one knew where it came from, so I cleaned it up.”
“It would explain why he was so easy to capture. And why we didn’t have any demons on our ass.”
“I will do no such thing Dean.” Paul watched as the man’s face reddened.
“I’m sure there’s been some misunderstanding…”
Dean stared at the steering wheel mentally tracing the shapes. He knew he wasn’t okay. It was something they’d been working on together. Trying to help each other be alright.
“That’s not the same thing!” Dean blushed furiously. “I told you that in confidence.”
of hell?”
“You are!”
“It’s very nice. You worked hard on it, didn’t you.”
“You do?”
“I do. Come on. Let’s get some sleep. We can talk with Sam in the morning and figure out how to start the search.”
“Ghosts don’t tend to do so well. Eventually they lose their minds and don’t know how to stop from hurting people.”
“A shitty upbringing? Coupled with living in a patriarchal society that punishes men for expressing their needs and feelings?”
“’Cause Papa.  Made it for you.”
“Yes please Papa! Love you Papa!”
Dean hadn’t been sure how to explain to Cas about what was going on. But Cas didn’t often demand much backstory. He seemed content to follow Dean when it was a question of whether he wanted to come with. That still gave Dean a pleasant warm feeling in his belly, way better at making his world alright than even the finest whiskey. Today that feeling was mixed with more than a few nervous butterflies.
“Thankfully no. I mean, I think the lady who owned this house before me died, but that was fifteen years ago and she died in her sleep. Don’t ghosts usually have more dramatic deaths?”
and everyone seems fine with the idea of giving her a tramp stamp and…”
“Are you sure buddy?”
Last suppers for Jo and Ellen.
“We’ll be right outside if you need us.” Chief led them onto the porch with the front door cracked. They could hear the murmur of voices. Dean reached for Cas’ hand as they listened to the muffled bittersweet reunion. Ten minutes later a tearful Clara opened the door, both bracelets wound around her wrist.
“Alright. Let’s go find Chief.” As they walked towards the bar where he stood the EMF meter started whining, the sound getting stronger the closer they got. “Hey Chief, I’m getting some strong signals from you.”
“We both do, Dean. Otherwise we would have already solved the case.”
“Hopefully send you back home.” He put two fingers to Lassiter’s forehead and the world went black again.
“What does that mean?”
“Dean. I know you’re worried but we’re ok.”
“About the boys in the cemetery.”
“Nah.”
“How did that feel?”
“The secret.”
“She’s still part of the family Dean, even if you put a sticker on her.”
They reached the next town thirty minutes later, but this town was just as jam packed as the others had been. It wouldn’t be the first time he drove through the night. They could just head toward home and eventually they’d have to find a place, right? It couldn’t be every motel in the entire country, just this one area. He had gotten used to not pushing himself so hard even if some nights it left him anxious and uncertain when he rested instead of going on forever.
