Sherlock                     "Daughter." I mutter in passing, heading towards Lestrade's office, knowing that particular information should distract her enough she wouldn't question where I was off too. I was confident Rosie could take it from there
Sally                            "Ha. You really think Mr. British Government gonna bail you out of this one?" I shake my head. "He hadta heard by now. Hasn't called."
Mycroft                     My face goes pale. "I... I do not know. Everything has happened so quickly. We had no intelligence indicating that Greg was a target until the accident. Neither Moran nor Moriarty has made any contact with the Meta Human Office, nor had there been any other incidents or anomalies since Tel Aviv."
Mycroft                       "All right, then. How many metas have been reported missing to you?"
Mycroft                     "I do when it's necessary, and with Greg still injured," I glare at Greg pointedly "it is necessary."
Sherlock                   My hands squeeze his, "I have an idea, but you may not like it. It may improve our chances though."
Mycroft                     "She wanted to meet him for coffee, as I understand it." I say, a little colder than I intend. "Commiserating over the loss of her mother, his friend..."
Mycroft                     A flash of anger crosses my face, and I quickly quell it. I put a firm hand on Greg's shoulder, and pull him away. "Greg, would you be so kind as to go get me a cup of coffee?" I smile at Moran.
Mycroft                       "Mr. Campbell said that Penny called a cab to go out last night. What if she didn't? What if she called Moran for a ride?”
Mycroft                       I clear my throat, drawing John and Sherlock's attention. "So, this is your plan, brother mine. What is our next step?"
Mycroft                       I chuckle a little, then turn serious as the bite on his shoulder catches my eye. I kiss around it softly. "I apologise for getting carried away like that... I certainly didn't intend to be quite that rough..." I whisper against his skin.
Mycroft                     I chuckle to myself and head out the kitchen door into the garden. I walk up behind Greg and slip an arm around his waist. "Got any more?" I wink, nodding at the cigarette between his lips.
Sherlock                   "Of...me?" I look unsure, then glance over to John, "You could take some of your father? It's best to do it when he's unaware or he pulls a variety of faces that he believes are charming. I've told him they just make him look like he needs the toilet."
Mycroft
Sherlock                   I find myself drawing up, snapping back at the miniature John, "It is being very rude to its father."
Mycroft                     I nod to him as I open the passenger door. "Be my guest." I motion for him to get in, as I walk around to the driver's side. Starting the engine, I carefully put my bare hands on the wheel and pull into the roadway.
John                            I’m at the Yard, standing in the side room watching Eurus through a two-way window. “Hey, Greg. How’s Mycroft doing?”
Greg                            "I saw them at Christmas for a few days, but they live in Cornwall with their parents, so it takes them a while to get here..." I looked back down at my take-out box to start eating again where I could feel his eyes looking over me.
Sherlock                   Maybe this is my brain helping me work through things? Giving me a John to bounce ideas off... though I can't help but think about that touch in the last dream, how it felt so real. Pausing, I then sit down, cross-legged, on what feels like a hard floor but is in reality just mist. "I'm with Moriarty still. We're on some island, somewhere Mycroft kept my sister hidden away. A prison."
Greg                            "It seems that way... that's what the books on soul mate connections seem to say, there’s not a lot of them but I also read about the situation if one of us was injured." I kissed the top of his head, not expecting any sighting of Seb for a long time so wasn’t anxious about my phone.
Moriarty                   Hugging him tightly I quickly kiss him on the cheek. "He's in the hospital. He will be disposed of soon. You better not be teasing me, Locky. I have big -BIG- plans for you. For us. For the world!"
Greg                             "Still expensive, though, I imagine." I whispered as he kept rubbing my back and I wiped the water from my face, "Seb had me in a chair and was... touching me." I emphasized the word ‘touching’ so he'd hopefully get it and said the word like Sherlock says the word 'friends'
Greg                            I nod when I can tell that they're calming down to look at us properly. I start making the fish movements again, trying to mouth the letters out to them again. John was doing the same.
Mycroft                     I loosen my grip around Greg slightly to look at John and Sherlock with concern. "Is he going to be all right?"
Greg                      I perch on the chair beside John while Mycroft looks over his notes, my eyes scanning the monitors and it's the elder brother’s voice that breaks me from my own little bubble.
Sally                            "Oh, I’m so sorry Rosie. How old are you?" I leant her over to sit on a chair and pulled one over for myself, still assuming that Sherlock was standing with us but just looking around the yard.
Greg                             "Why don’t we pool our resources together today? At the yard where we can have access to everything?" I said when I eventually got up, stalking around the room to find my boxers from last night to sleep on and I was now stood by where he was laying.
Greg                             "I don't know. When we were having sex last night, something changed. Something happened and I don't understand why." I said carefully and didn't want to freak him out at all.
Greg                            "We can’t solely rely on that because it’s not all the time that Sherlock and John are going to be asleep. " I sigh where it was one of our only few options left to get Sherlock back and I promised John that his partner would be back.
Mycroft                 I scowled at him. "Don't do that, Lestrade..." I could feel him pushing for the information. "Sebastian Moran was not killed in the explosion." I said simply.
Greg                             I slip my tongue into his mouth with ease and brought my hand up to cup his face instead. The water was beginning to cool so I pulled away, feeling him shiver and decided it was probably best if we got out of these clothes and into something warmer. My suitcase had been delivered after all with my clothes, Mrs. Price probably wondering where the hell I was.
Rosie                          I grab another cookie. "Could I read it maybe?" I left my notebooks in a lockbox hidden high in a tree behind a bee hive.
Greg                            I didn't know what I was going to do with my flat or anything to do with possessions or insurance by the time I'd finished my fag so went inside to find he'd gone to bed. I turned off the odd light he'd left on for me, my suitcase still in his room so I stepped in quietly while he was using the bathroom to get changed so I did the same to get under his covers. I didn't feel right sleeping in the spare room anymore.
Moriarty                   "I don't expect him to be able to attempt anything by then. He'll be busy trying to stay alive. Once you've been trained and ready to implement the next phase of my plan... Anywhere, anyone, and anything will be ours."
Sherlock                     My nose wrinkles at the bridge, climbing over the back of my chair before flopping down in it, "Lestrade wants me to go and get some things from his office. He also wants me to question Sally and Anderson. This is perfect!"
John                            My face falls in slight panic. So, I stand up between them and look at Rosie. “Why did you leave New York? We were coming to get you. You could’ve been hurt or lost.”
Mycroft                       "And collapsing at my desk will not help." I say quietly, sitting his on the edge of the bed.
Moriarty
John                             “What’s a good thing?”
Mycroft                 I scowled. "Troubling... the building was empty - they were on a data-gathering mission, and so should have encountered no hostiles. As to the head injury," I rubbed my chin thoughtfully, "I suspect Dr. Watson will be in a coma for a while, but will heal well... far too quickly, in fact. We will have to have him transferred back to London immediately. I will make the necessary arrangements."
Mycroft
Mycroft                     I listen carefully to the audio tracks playing with Moriarty's video, and write down what is being said. First, there is a riddle. "There are two bodies on the floor. They are surrounded by water and broken glass. How did they die?" I read it aloud to Sherlock, who is pacing the room restlessly.
Sherlock                   I keep still, but I can feel the mists shifting and moving, John's voice circling me, "Hospital? You're there with either my brother or Lestrade". My brain must be attempting to work through Moriarty's comments about them both
Greg                            I relaxed back against the seat when me and Mycroft and Mrs. Lipton were finally on our way back. I was still feeling a little nauseous from being transported and it was understandable, John being stronger than me so wasn't hit back so much by it. I kissed the top of Mycroft’s head and was almost lulled by the plane’s vibrations.
John                            Darting out of the sitting room from where I was watching TV, I run into the spare bedroom to throw on some shoes and a coat. I meet Greg by the door in a matter of seconds.
Mycroft                     "I didn't get past the emotional input, actually.”
Mycroft                 Quietly I entered John's room, stopping at the end of the bed. Sherlock opened his eyes but did not move. "We will need to transfer John to a private facility in London... as quickly as is safe. Arrangements have been made for tomorrow morning."
Mycroft                     "Greg's accident last night was no accident - it was a warning. Anyone associated with him could potentially be in danger. Since Seb likely believes you are dead, we need to do what we can to ensure that he continues to believe that..."
Sherlock                   I'm sitting, legs folded under me, on the old bed in the disused bedroom, eyes closed and back to the door as John enters
Mycroft                     I feel a pang of heartache - decidedly not my own - and look up just as the lift doors close. I look at my brother. He is talking with Mrs. Lipton and walks her to the hall door.
Mycroft                     "It WAS necessary, John. If Sherlock had told Greg - or any of us, for that matter - his plans beforehand, it would not have been as effective. He needed to leak false information to Moriarty." I sigh. "I only hope he isn't taking any stupid risks."
Mycroft                     I tap lightly on Greg's office door with my free hand, the other carrying the bag of take away from his favorite Thai restaurant. "Hungry? I hope I'm not disturbing you..."
Sherlock
Mycroft                       "I'm too old to fight for someone's affection anymore, brother." I sigh, my shoulder slumping. "Obviously, I was mistaken. At least I realized it before the consequences were dire..."
He gulps down large glasses of water in the kitchen and goes to the bathroom to relieve himself. He can’t stop himself from ginning stupidly at his reflection in the mirror as he washes his hands – he feels like there’s pure happiness coursing through his veins. He considers making John breakfast in bed – it would be nice and romantic, a proper thank you for the amazing first
“It’s fine,” John said, “I told you, you can have all the time you need.”
Sherlock’s entire body stilled. John still wanted to be with him? Breath left Sherlock’s lungs in a rush of relief, immediately followed by a wave of near panic because there was no point, Sherlock would just fail one more time and it would be all the more crushing.
John brings their foreheads together, his breath ghosting over Sherlock’s lips.
“I shouldn’t have shouted at you. I’m sorry,” John said, and it was completely ridiculous – why on earth should
He thought maybe he should be trying to draw it out or just somehow make it better and more interesting than the quick wanks he gave himself but he wasn’t sure how and he couldn’t
“There’s a first time for everything,” he says, feeling his cheeks heat – he just had a vaguely sex-related thought it front of a friend, and that’s such a novel thing he isn’t quite sure how to deal with it.
—keep doing that.” Sherlock has no intention of disobeying – he fondles John’s sac gently, then presses two fingers behind it, against John’s perineum.
“Okay?” he asks, thumbs stroking over Sherlock’s cheekbones.
“Hey,” he whispers, wiping a tear away with his thumb. “All right?”
“It’s not that I don’t want you, I promise. You’re gorgeous and I’m… incredibly attracted to you,” John says sincerely, and Sherlock feels himself blush. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever get used to this kind of flattery. “But I’m just… so afraid I’ll hurt you.”
He ends up on all fours on the floor, breathing raggedly. He retches, certain he’s going to be sick, but nothing comes up. Everything hurts. There are tiny droplets of blood welling up on the back of his hand where his teeth have broken skin. He didn’t notice. He can feel John’s ejaculate slowly trickling out of him – at least he hopes it’s just John’s ejaculate. He should clean up.
“God, look at you,” John breathes hotly over Sherlock’s open lips. “So gorgeous, so responsive, I can’t get enough of you.”
John seems to freeze for an instant.
Robert’s not someone who enjoys making other people embarrassed, so he says nothing, just kisses Sherlock very gently and pushes in a little deeper. Then there’s a long moment where they stay still and quiet, just breathing, being, waiting for Sherlock’s body to relax around the intrusion, for the incredible fullness to subside and melt into a need for more.
“Thank you,” she smiles in a way that makes her look very pretty, but she sobers up quickly and Sherlock steels himself for the inevitable. “But, Sherlock. You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to but you know I have to ask. What’s going on?” she asks gently. “Why did you leave so suddenly? Did something happen between you and John?”
could he have been so thoughtless? This should never have happened, he should never have forced John to witness this. After all the effort Sherlock made to eliminate everything that could make John uncomfortable, now he’s gone and ruined it all, saying “Look, John, you’re with a man!” in the crudest way possible.
John frowns a little. “That sounds serious. What is it, then?”
It’s nothing like the forceful way John mashed their mouths together. Florian’s lips are soft and yielding, his tongue dipping inside Sherlock’s mouth like a caress. Sherlock steps closer into Florian’s warmth, pressing their chests together, and Florian wraps him in his arms and
“I told you to stop apologising. Your self-recrimination doesn’t help anyone,” Sherlock says stiffly. “Just… do what you said you’d do. Get better. Treat me better,” he adds. It sounds unnatural and artificial to say a thing like that, but Sherlock feels like it needs to be said – for his own sake more than for John’s, perhaps.
“Very good, you’re doing perfectly,” John told him and Sherlock relaxed minutely. John’s finger wiggled inside him, stretching him. Sherlock held on to the pillow and breathed. He could get through this. Just stay calm and relaxed and everything would be fine.
John reaches for the bottle, trying to jostle Sherlock as little as possible, and holds it up for him as Sherlock drinks. Then he finds the chocolate bar and feeds little pieces of it to Sherlock who lets them melt on his tongue, because chewing apparently requires too much effort right now. John feels warm and comfortable and protective with a simmering undercurrent of low-level arousal, but more than anything he feels fiercely proud and grateful that he gets to have this, that Sherlock lets himself entirely lose control with him and then trusts John to take care of him after. He can’t imagine anything better.
Somehow, he feels better having done that, having a place to go, a sort of purpose. He gets dressed, packs a suitcase. He makes a cup of tea and eats a Greek yoghurt with honey (he should probably stick to a soft diet for a few days; he’d rather not eat anything at all, really, but at least this way no one can accuse him of
think John was interested then, but it wasn’t his area and John denied it, and then afterwards it just seemed impossible, the more he liked John the surer he was John would never like him back, not in the same way, because he was straight and way better than anything Sherlock deserved. And everytime John looked at him in a way that didn’t seem entirely platonic, Sherlock dismissed it. Wishful thinking. But it was there. John’s jealousy of Irene and Janine. The way he looked at him on his stag night. Everything he told Sherlock about how he’d felt. “
John gave him a small smile. “Now. I’ll make us a cup of tea and then we’ll talk, all right?”
He sees John’s struggle before John even says anything, and he understands beyond any doubt that John wants him, but doesn’t think himself worthy.
Fortunately, John doesn’t waste much time, and he comes in with only a fraction of the hesitance he showed on the previous occasion.
“Lube?” Florian asks breathily as his erection slides next to Sherlock’s, and it takes Sherlock a moment to muster enough brainpower to parse out what Florian means.
“Good.” John pressed a brief kiss to his lips and tugged at Sherlock’ elbows. “Come on, let’s get you up. The floor’s cold.”
“Just getting you a glass of water,” Sherlock whispers, slipping back under the covers. “I missed you too.” He pulls John closer to him and John’s mouth finds his, kissing him sleepily.
“No,” he says, and the atmosphere seems to change subtly. Sherlock swallows, suddenly unsure. What does John mean by this?
“I did contact her, though,” Sherlock says unexpectedly. “The Woman. For recommendations.”
“Yes. I know you were wondering why I chose a therapist at the other side of London – well, this is why. I went to him because I heard he was very good with sexuality issues. It turns out most of the things that I fucked up in my life were tied to that somehow, that I couldn’t accept this about myself. It’s why I… It’s the reason why I was so… unkind, so…” he looks at his hand lying on his thigh, flexing his fingers, “… aggressive with you. I couldn’t cope with the fact that I was in love with you and I took it out on you.” He looks back up at Sherlock, and his eyes are shiny. Are those tears? “I tried to cover up how I felt by being harsh and… cruel to you, and that’s – unforgivable. But if you
to be had, completely and thoroughly, to be
“Yes, my love.”
“It wasn’t—“ Sherlock breathes between kisses, “it wasn’t like that, before you. I didn’t need—
“Of course I have. It’s the single most important thing in my life.”
“Well – no. If there isn’t anyone else you’d rather take?”
“Oh, um. Thanks,” John says, and he’s not exactly good at articulation either. He takes two pills and drains the glass.
“You’re really good with her,” John points out when they sit down on a bench, Rosie on Sherlock’s lap with a pouch of baby food while Jack pesters John for head scratches.
“What about you, love?” John asked, nibbling lazily at Sherlock’s earlobe. “What can I do for you?” He stroked down the side of Sherlock’s body, stopping at the waistband of his pyjama bottoms. “Can I touch you?”
“Hmm, I don’t know,” Sherlock says, as if actually giving it serious thought. “I think a spa might present more favourable conditions. Here, Molly’s bound to be overworked and stressed and therefore less receptive to Lestrade’s fumbling attempts at courting. Whereas in a spa, she’d be relaxed after a massage, perhaps feeling more confident after a beauty treatment…”
He stretches himself as efficiently as he can manage, using copious amounts of lube. By the time he thinks he’s sufficiently loose, he’s broken out in a sweat, and he berates himself for not having bought a women’s antiperspirant. There’s nothing he can do about that now, so he just washes his hands, throws a dressing gown over his shoulders, and exits the bathroom through the door to the hallway.
No. No.
It can never happen. Even if they somehow manage to reestablish their old level of trust and friendship, nothing has changed about the fact that John doesn’t want him like that. They might be able to hug one day, but that’s it. Everything else Sherlock will have to look for elsewhere, and that will have to be enough.
There’s just one thing left now. Sherlock said at the beginning that he didn’t want penetration, and Robert has given him no indication that he minds at all, but Sherlock made up his mind very early on, once he was knew what Robert was like in bed: he wants it to happen with Robert because he could hardly find anyone better suited – calm, patient and caring.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said without thinking, and John let go of him immediately.
Patrick comes out of the kitchen, wiping his hands on his trousers.
Sherlock felt himself smile into the kiss – he was almost on the verge of laughing, really, relief and delight filling his every pore because he’d done it, he’d made John come and John had enjoyed it. It may have been just a quick handjob but John had liked it, and besides, it was just the first step: Sherlock would learn to be better and give John more.
Greg                             I myself look up at Mycroft where he stands up and I know my powers won't work with Irene, her being such a powerful meta. I left the file on the desk and left the room, shutting the door without a word and trusted him to get the information we needed from her about the organisation but also about Moriarty.
Greg                             I slipped my coat off with how warm I felt, smiling weakly at John and it then fell when I saw Mycroft having tea with the blogger. I glared at the ground listening to Sherlock and then moved to sit on the arm of the sofa.
Mycroft                       "Seems that fall into the mud by the Thames sparked an infection. At Baker Street last night, you collapsed, and when John realized how feverish you were, he recommended getting you to hospital. Sherlock and I brought you here."
Greg                             "Do you mean prescription? And where's the box it came from if its prescription? Where's the prescription sheet for it from the doctor?" I ask as I pace and don't even try to take the pill from him. I was debating taking him back to Mycroft’s flat while he was asleep.
Seb                        I was unbelievably excited for what he was getting but did what I was told, leaning on my folded arms on my stomach and I didn't move when I heard him shut the bedroom door again.
Greg                            I was concerned with the way his hand was trembling and wondered about pulling my hand away, but it felt like I couldn't. That the muscles had been shut down and all I could do was watch his face twitch every now and again. He didn't give anything away if it was overwhelming.
Greg                            I told Mycroft to stay in the car until I knew it was safe and I crept up the road where I found the address to be a Polish Deli. It was closed but I could see a small path leading around the back, my gun being pointed up and down and I then spotted the heavy-duty door. I shot off the lock with two bullets and swung it wide open.
John                            “Oh god, please. Please.” My hands thread into his hair as he slips down my body.
Mycroft                 "Please stay here and mind my brother and Doctor Watson. I will be at the morgue." I turned on my heel and swept down the corridor to the lift, heading down to the morgue.
Greg                             I chuckle and rub my thumb across his hand, feeling him kiss the top of my head. "Did you get any other information? Like. will it get stronger, the connection? Are there any hiccups we should be aware of?" I asked softly.
Greg                            I raised an eyebrow where Sherlock appeared suddenly beside me, it not making me jump anymore but it was still a bit confusing. "What have you ordered now?" I asked and didn't exactly want to see a body part of any kind.
Sherlock                     "Oh boo hoo." I roll my eyes, springing up and starting to hunt, "Where do you keep your secret stash of biscuits in here?"
Sherlock                   I can't resist, leaning in to peck his ear, before starting to hurry him back down into the corridors, making him walk behind me now as I recall the exact movements of Moriarty, allowing John to see the scanners and cameras, the pressure plates and paths, "Mycroft may find this information useful. It may allow him to see what has changed since his last time here and maybe figure out a way to overcome it."
Sherlock                   I jump up the stairs from the hallway to the landing, bypassing John, before tearing into the flat in a whirl of coat tails and scarf.
Greg                            "I’m sure they'll be fine. John will just ask awkward questions, offer tea and biscuits." I joked as that had been what he'd done with my nieces and when he put his take-out box down, I used my chopsticks to try a bit of his noodles. It was just a habit.
Mycroft                     I nod. "Yes. Our powers have no overlap. But perhaps if we were to work together..."
You really want to see me drug myself into oblivion? Or maybe even take a few too many? I don't really have that much to live for now. Surely our friend told you that? -SH
Moran                        Panting, I strain again the restraints, barking, "Jim has plans for you two. Eurus is going to get rid of you Iceman and fuck your DI till she grows tired of him. Then she'll just hand him over to Jim to do what he likes. Maybe Jim will have Sherlock kill you, right, Lestrade? A nice test of loyalty."
Rosie                          I move from standing on the seat of the couch to the arm so I'm even taller that the too pretty giant. "IT HAS A NAME!" I swear if he calls me ‘It’ one more time...
Greg                            "He used to work? Does he still work here, or has he moved on?" I raised an eyebrow and was ready to go question him now with the car not being reported stolen, so he must have known something.
Mycroft                     I nip lightly at the back of his neck as I thrust into him roughly. I run one hand down his arm, pulling his grasp from the edge of the desk, and with a firm grip on his wrist, bring his arm up behind him. "You want to be punished, do you?" I growl into his ear.
Greg                            I wasn't really worried about my own pleasure and I kept stroking him while I kissed the skin around his neck, shoulders and a bit of his chest. I had to drop my bad arm with where it was getting sore and I had Mycroft’s eyes back on me when I did.
Mycroft                     "Truer words never spoken." I grin back at him.
It's ok. he doesn't hurt no more. He doesn't have to feel pain or sorrow.
Sherlock                   My head slowly rises, still striped with blood. My eyes are blank and tone rather flat, "There's children. Sick people. The cook, she helped. The guards should be sedated, sleepy. Just disarm the traps though before anyone goes wandering."
Mycroft                       "After scolding me, for working to keep you and John - and him - safe." I huff.
Mycroft                       "I'm unaccustomed to the possessiveness. It brings back... bad memories." I mumble, looking out the window.
Sherlock                   "Rose Marie." I call, striding into the living room and holding out the phone, "Here. This is yours. John will help you enter in all the numbers you should need."
Rosie                           "Greg Jesus?"  Seriously what is wrong with these people? Back home - I - was the weird one. Dude, these people make me look normal.
Greg                             I was now pulling at his hair to keep him on my cock, my lip being bitten until it started bleeding, so I wouldn't shout out his name with the way he was sucking me. I could already feel my balls getting harder and knew I wasn't going to last much longer and would want him fucking me in his flat as soon as we got in the door.
Mycroft                 I gave Greg a mildly amused look. "John, can we have a chat?"
Sherlock                   "They don't want her." I snap, suddenly feeling a little heat, a burst of rare empathy. "She was abused there. Neglected. They're lucky we don't press charges."
John                            “You’ve been shot. And just came out of surgery. You can’t go.” I wave my hands around.
Mycroft                     I fell back onto the bed with a groan as he wrapped his hand around my shaft. "Y-yes... that's good..." I managed to say when he began slowly stroking me.
Mycroft                       "Mmm. I approve." I eye him up and down, admiring the look of the suit. I give him a light kiss on the lips. "I will be at your office at noon. I'll bring along any additional information I am able to come up with, as well." I finish my coffee and set the empty cup in the sink. "Would you like a ride to NSY? I can drop you off..."
Sherlock                     My shoulders slump, nodding, then I turn to Rosie, lifting my chin again, "Rose Marie Holmes. You were born while I was in America, a much younger and sillier man." Reaching for her coat, I hold it out to her. "I never knew about you till my brother was informed there was one of my offspring in the world. He brought you here and declared we live as a family."
Mycroft                     "As well as can be expected. They will be departing for New York this afternoon." I sip my coffee. I'm not skilled at social banter, so I turn the conversation back to work-related things. "Any progress on locating Moran?"
Mycroft                     "Where is he?" I ask coldly.
Mycroft                     I blush furiously. "I've always hated them... found them embarrassing, even..." He sits up and strips off his sweatshirt and shirt, revealing his bare, broad chest. My fingers itch to touch him, to stroke down his muscular abdomen... I twist my fingers into the sheets around him with a whine, as I lean down, my lips brushing over his collar bone.
Mycroft                     I hear Greg's voice and see Sebastian Moran turn toward Greg, his hand moving under his jacket. I see a flash of steel as he starts to draw his weapon. Before he can take aim, I bring up my own gun and fire. He spins toward me in surprise, his gun slipping from his hand as he grabs his bloody arm.
Rosie                          "Dr. Watson I presume?" I don't even bother to stand up or open my eyes. If I open them I might wake to find it's all been a dream, nightmare.
Greg                            "We can get someone from our tech team to sort it out. Clear it up for us, scootch a minute." I nudged his elbow, so he would move aside and I sent the clip off to Abby in pathology who was also a tech wizard. She could get it back to us in no time.
Sherlock                     "You'll be with Rosie." I seem to have no hesitation in leaning in for a fuller kiss, "You have to be with her at Mycroft's house to stop him corrupting her. You'll have fun. You'll bond with her. Then when it's time, you can come and help me destroy Moran and Moriarty." I finish with a wide, simple little smile.
Greg                             "No, no, of course not. What have the metas been coming in with? Anything related to the case?" I asked as I tried to sit up but winced instead, quite surprised that he would take me into his care but thought it might have just been out of guilt.
Mycroft                     I smile at her kindly. "My brother thinks I am cold-hearted. In truth, I have been a bit distant from him."
Greg                            "Thanks. I’m gonna get a few coppers to stake out my flat, look through it to see if Seb or Moriarty have bugged it, planted anything." I nodded, putting my mug in the sink and watched him guide me through to his personal office where I had everything at hand that I'd need.
Moriarty                   "You weren't the one ignored by your Meta parents. You weren't the one dropped off at a hospital and went unnoticed for days until a blind man found me. You weren't the one who is always, ALWAYS, forgotten except for one person and your lover KILLED HIM!" My finger moves to the trigger of the gun. "Speaking of which," I speak calmly now, "how sweet of you to protect your Soldier. Is Johnny Boy so weak he needs to hide behind your skirts as you once hid behind your brothers?"
Sally                            "Just how they were killed. Sometimes there's little notes left with the body or strange markings to let you know they're gonna kill more people. That can be scary." I meet her eye, trying to make it simple for her.
Mycroft                     "Let's go back to my flat and make plans, then. Assuming they will release Greg?" I look at John expectantly.
Sherlock               My hand is tight around John's, eyes squeezing shut, willing him to come back from the edge. "I need you. Don't be selfish and go., I'm the selfish one."
Greg                            "I'm surprised you found that. It was a while ago." I whispered and had to move again where my feet were still cold. I cuddled up into a ball under his arm, my head half on his shoulder.
Greg                             "Maybe he's just under a different name but with the same power. He'd of course have to identify his power because it's the law, but he could easily fake details... fake birth certificate." I proposed to him where he'd taken a photo of it and I know that it was a long shot, but it was still a chance. We only know that Sebastian is his true name because we triple checked.
Sherlock                     As we travel back I nod, pursing my lips, "Go on, tell me everything you can recall."
Mycroft                       "I'm just a bit more controlled... in public." I smile at him. I ran a finger along his jawline.
Sherlock                   "Gemma here is pretty smart for a police man." I start hopping around eagerly, sweeping my sheet through the slight sheen of dirt on the floor that Hudders missed in her weekly 'not your housekeeper' rampage with a hoover. "I let him give me access to all the best crime scenes."
Sherlock                   My head swims with the fumes, my last action to throw the phone away, sending it spinning away under a nearby cabinet, my last hope that my brother finds it when he comes to investigate.
John                            I re-enter Greg’s room to see him half out of bed and his arm bleeding from where he had yanked out the IV. “Hey? What’s going on?”
Mycroft                     Lights and sirens ablaze, the team from NSY made good time getting here, and Greg took me out to the garden while they processed the crime scene.
Greg                             "Mycroft... I... I don't want us to fight again." I stop him as he moves to leave, and I meet his eye with sincerity. I slip the glasses from my face, showing him the raw side of me. Again.
Greg                             "Yeah?" I coughed to get the colour out of my cheeks and started moving down the corridor, it not even being a day with us apparently bonded and I was jumping him. It was unprofessional for where we were and I just listened to what information he'd gotten from her.
I don't have time for games. -SH
Greg                             "Have you ever had to question somebody? For official purposes?" I asked when we sat down together with cutlery and drinks, the shrimp scampi being a dream meal that I didn't get very often.
Mycroft                     I pull the requested items from my inside coat pocket, and hand them to Sherlock.
Mary                     "Seb...why?" My voice is husky with pain, reaching in a futile attempt to stop him, even as I hear John's racing footsteps outside. I try to lift my voice to warm John, but it comes out as a panting whisper. John races into the room, skidding to a halt and looking first at the body, then Mary, "What the fuck?"
Sherlock                   Leaping to my feet, I stride to my brother, before dropping down to my knees in front of him, naked pleading in my voice, "You asked me to act as if I'm grieving for John. That will be quite easy to do as I'm so scared of losing him."
Greg                            I didn't push the kiss into anything more passionate and I just needed to do it to make my brain realise I was still alive. That he was there, we were fine. "Sorry." I whispered as I pulled back again yet still had my hand on his face stroking his cheek affectionately.
Sherlock                     My throat bobs as I turn to Sally, affecting a hitch in my voice, eyes reddening and glistening on command, "I... I know... we have not always seen eye to eye Sally but... but I wish to thank you for taking care of my daughter while..." I trail off, as if overcome, turning away from her and thrusting my hands into my pockets, shoulders trembling
Sherlock                   Walking close behind him, I do indeed watch carefully, nodding, "Clever." Before adding, "Is Lestrade dead?" There's a blunt coldness to my voice, as if I just asked if we were out of milk. Come to think of it, I'd probably have more emotion about the milk.
Sherlock                     My face falls, skin paling, before I drop down, sliding against the wall to curl into a broken ball on the floor, arms wrapped around my legs, forehead resting on my knees
John                            I give Mycroft a tight nod as I start stroking my fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock                     Struggling still, I'm dragged along by my hoodie, barking out, "Unhand me. Now."
Mycroft                       “I only needed your help to get Greg into the car, Sherlock... You didn't need to come to the hospital with us. But thank you.”
Moriarty                   "Tsk tsk LockyLove. I thought we had something special. Something... non murdery." I aim Seb’s old gun at the group as I block the only exit of the hallway.
Sherlock                   The paper is slammed back besides Mycroft, stepping my hands before me, touching just my fingertips together and trying to block out the knowledge that my love and my close friend will plummet to their doom in 5.32 seconds... 5.31... 5.30... "Oh!" I suddenly cry out loudly, gasping and opening my eyes, "Can it be that simple?"
Moran                        My footsteps echo a little as I pace the main control room in Battersea power station, phone in hand as it rings endlessly. I swear under my breath as I redial Jim again and again. He said this was the place to go if I needed help. If I needed him.
Greg                             I rub my face as it all clicks into place, my eyes looking back up at Mycroft again. "So, we keep going with this facade. Have a heated argument between you two in the morning over Rosie. I called John on my way back to let him know what was going on anyway." I sighed.
Greg                            "There is when you're being a fucking dickhole. Now, if you keep degrading me to any apparent weak metas, I'll disconnect the IV that also gives you the pain meds. Got it?" I leant in a bit closer and felt Mycroft’s hand on my shoulder, it making me only ease up on Seb a little.
Rosie                          "Pics or it didn't happen!" I laugh at his discription of John and the toilet. I take pictures of Sherlock and the living room. I'll show her my room later. The phone beeps in reply. "Hey, Gigantor, she wants to know what to call you..." She actually didn't ask but I don't want to keep calling him Gigantor and don't know what's ok.
Greg                            I grip the table to try and put something into how I felt rather than vocalizing it, my head turning to the side again so I could half look at him. "Please, I know you need it too." I muttered and pushed my hips against his fingers and his cock which was rock hard.
Jim Moriarty          "Such a good boy, Sebby. Put that stuff away now. We’ll get one of the new recruits to take care of it." I do love Eurus' old suite. I take Sebby to the already remodeled Control Room where we can keep tabs on everyone while we chittychat. "Tell me about Greggy. Did you leave the note I gave you?"
Sharon Price          My arms wrap around one of his, leaning into him and resting my forehead on his bicep, "Do... do you have anyone now?"
Rosie                          "Is that for me?" I've learned that most things that it seems I'm being given isn't true. My cousins thought it was funny to pretend to give me things just to take them back and laugh.
Greg                             I tested his grip on my hands by shaking them but it’s like my muscles wouldn’t work, it making my hips fidget a little where he had me completely pinned to the bed. Again, I could hear the beat of his heart but then heard mine is well, it eventually molding into one.
Sherlock                   My fingers flick and John's smart grey trousers drop to the floor, "Oh, no underwear doctor Watson?" My lips latch onto his throat, sucking hard on the tender skin there as my fingers pinch a nipple
Mycroft                       I pull the Mercedes up to the front of the building just as Greg comes out with a big grin.
John                            “Oh that’s good. Both Sherlock and I like to read. There’s a library just down the street. I write a bit.”
Mycroft                     The helicopter had to make several trips between the island and the medical transport to get everyone off the island, so the rescue was a slow process. John and Sherlock went early, so Sherlock could be seen to quickly, but Greg and I stayed until the last group left. Once we were finally settled on the helicopter, I finally relaxed, resting my head on his shoulder, my arm around his waist.
Sherlock                   "What can it be?" I turn and snap viciously at Mycroft, "You must be reading it wrong. Let me read it?"
Mycroft                     "I found it gets easier over time... Repeated exposure to the same person is less overwhelming." After a few moments, my heart slowed back down to a normal pace. I look at him and see that he still looks fairly worried.
Sherlock                   Finally we reach a door I know, nodding to the guards, "This is the kitchens. Please do try and control your impulses when we enter, brother. I know how cake and puddings excite you." With that I swan through the door as one of the guards unlocks it for us.
Mycroft                 "Did either of you mention that Seb is still at large?”
Mycroft                     "If Seb thinks his previous mission was successful, that will leave you more able to investigate, if you remain unseen."
Mycroft
Greg                            "Okay. If you help us, then we will do all we can to protect you and your family. I see that you didn't have anything to do with the robbery or murder and you were held at gunpoint. You did it to protect your parents." I said lightly and was sympathetic for our advantage.
Greg                            "And when he is more onto the road of recovery, you two can choose where you wanna go on holiday." I smiled where it seemed the most likely thing Sherlock would do and then the look on John's face at the thought of a holiday.
Sherlock
Greg                            "What does he look like? Give me a description if you can't think of a name." I changed my tactics where he was going through shock, my free hand messaging Mycroft to get the Yard here along with an ambulance that wasn't for me. I was okay. I then looked back at him.
No. You'll get your fat, lazy public funded rear over here now. It's small and looking at me -SH
Rosie                           _More people?? Who's Moriarty? What's with the weird names??_
Sherlock                     Moving to the back, I reach in, encouraging Lestrade to cling to me again, helping him out, "Oh yes. It's not like talking ever solved any problems, is it? Caring is not an advantage." My tone is chilled, "Everyone dies. All hearts are broken."
Mycroft                       "I didn't find much information, so this may be a learning experience for us both. I suspect over time, as with any power, we will gain better control over it."
John                             I give a stiff nod, looking over his face. The corner of my mouth turns up, my face softening. “I like you a bit scruffy like this.” My had comes up to brush along his jaw.
Rosie                          "Ya I know what your name is," duh! "But what am I-- uhh she, supposed to call you?"
Mycroft                     "The office is soundproofed, true, but not for this reason" I thrust my hips against his, bringing an obscene groan from him. "That is just a happy coincidence." I reach between us and start unbuttoning his jeans.
Rosie                           He's not on anything. He's just standing there. Why does John think he's on something...? He was on the table earlier... but not now.
Mycroft                     "Small steps... yes, that would be wise." I nod. "I never meant to make you uncomfortable."
Greg                            "I know I said we'd start again but... Are you sure?" I frown with the way he was holding his hand up and I put my coffee cup down for a moment. It was a big step.
Greg                             "Your tongue should be made illegal." I whispered as I put my hand on his head, guiding him a little more onto the head of my cock and knew Sally or Anderson would be having a field day listening to this. I chew on my lip, so my groans aren't too loud to be heard outside the office.
Mycroft                     "Agreed. Despite how you may feel, I think we are stronger together." I nod. "Right now, we need to figure out his next move, and step in before he has an opportunity to execute it."
Sherlock                   My gaze goes to the screen, nodding, "I could teleport to him now but what good would that do? In fact, it may just make the lift fall faster?"
Mycroft                     "Perhaps. That would take a large amount of patience on the part of the other person, though." I hand him my empty container.
Mycroft                     I run my bare hand lightly up his chest, stroking up his neck.
Rosie                           "And that's a good thing...?" I wonder if it's best to ask Lock bout any kids from him. "Charlies got two moms..."
Sherlock                   "That's what you thought the other times." My tone is snappy once more, stepping into the other room and towards him.
Sherlock                     My lips almost vanish, holding them together so painfully tight, face screwed up as I draw the overload of emotional baggage from him, draining it away painfully while keeping my own inner shields solid to prevent any of my own turmoil from seeping back to him
Mycroft                     "Any connection to the bank robbery?"
Greg                            "Yeah. That was last year for their birthday that I took them to Brighton. And I’m meant to have my face painted like a fox, if you couldn’t make it out." I smiled over at it fondly, trying not to show the sadness where I missed them a lot but also missed having the chance of having my own kids.
Greg                            "Hey, you don't solve all of them." I reminded him as I stood up and gave a sympathetic smile to John.
Sherlock                     My eyes taken on a little softer tone as I gaze across at John, "You can't go with me. You're dead, remember?"
Greg                            "Well, yeah, I just wanted to know a bit more other that what Mycroft had looked up... why, what’s wrong?" I glanced at Mycroft and then back at John, seeing something was wrong too.
Greg                            "Fuck. Mycroft. " I groan as his mouth engulfs my cock and it was a tight heat that made my muscles clench even more to not cum on the spot. I held his head, not holding back from moving my hips and I didn’t think he'd have lube in his office to do anything more.
Mycroft                     I kiss his shoulder when I see him wince, and gentle settle his bad arm beside him. "Lie still... let me..." My lips move down his body again, and settle myself between his legs, lavishing attention on his hip with my tongue.
Mycroft                     I roll my eyes. "Of course. Try not to disable it right away, this time?" I round the corner into the kitchen and stop short, seeing Greg sitting at the table. "Oh... good morning, Lestrade..." I nod.
Sherlock                   My breath hitches, trying to shut down my brain for once and just trust my own power, trust it to find the connection. There's a popping sensation just as the lift starts to jerk violently and fall... then the three of us appear in the control room, barging into Mycroft and sending all four of us to the ground.
Sherlock                   Suddenly I flash out of sight, appearing behind one guard and striking him across the back of the head with a gun John handed me while I was protecting me, before levelling the gun at Moriarty calmly.
Sherlock                   That brings a chuckle to me, the tension between us dissolving somewhat, "I'm still going to meet with him and explain that if he harms you then I'll be a little annoyed as it puts a large irritation into my life and I have to divert efforts and focus to clearing up his mess."
Please don't tell me you have already had intimate relations with my brother? -SH
John                            I stand utterly baffled and helpless to watch what is happening in front of me. I went from nearly storming out of the room to frozen in place.
Sherlock               I glare at them for a moment longer, before turning away, looking to John with a softer frown, my face hardening in a moment before I stand, placing his hand onto his chest, "Ten minutes. No more. If anything happens to him then I will not be held responsible for my actions."
Sharon Price             My arms wrap around one of his, leaning into him and resting my forehead on his bicep, "Do...do you have anyone now?"
Sherlock                   My chuckle now is deep and liquid, smoothing my hand down his chest, his shirt falling open as I go, buttons just dissolving in the wake of my finger, "Things I've done, things I've thought of."
Greg                            I swore under my breath at the time and then stretched out a little, my whole body aching like I'd been in the boxing ring. My head still hurt a little and I was trying to think of a way to let work now that I was going to be late but also leaving early due to the car crash yesterday.
Sherlock                     Tugging on my jacket over my favourite purple shirt, I burst into the living room, checking my phone, "At last!"
Greg                            "It's Greg, Sherlock..." I muttered back and had to wait anxiously for 10 minutes before I saw the guard approaching me. I took every step with caution, being led back to the kitchen where all three of them glared at me. I shrugged with Anthea holding up our technical side of things on the boat.
John                            Taking a ragged breath, I look down at my cup. “Just because I didn’t see it, doesn’t mean it doesn’t scare me too. You’ve trusted me to keep him on the right path. To be there for him. I’ve done that. Don’t I deserve some credit for that? Why am I still on the outside for both of you? I don’t matter enough in Sherlock’s life to be contacted when things go wrong. But I’m ok to keep babysitting him when it’s convenient for you.” The end comes out biting.
Mycroft                     "I am quite fit to leave, thankyouverymuch," I say stubbornly. "The doctors want to keep me for another day - for observation - but I can sleep much more soundly in my own bed."
Mycroft                       I chuckle darkly. "Such language..." I grin over my cup.
Rosie                           "Uh... What?" I've started to become used to what John calls Lock's 'flare for the dramatic' whatever that is, and his going overboard bout everything.
Greg                            "Who do you work for? I know it hurts but it’s really important that you tell me. Important for people's lives here." I urged him to spill the information as I know he wouldn’t be able when he was in the hospital and we needed to find Sherlock sooner rather than later.
Mycroft                     I take my leave, heading up to the rooftop area where Sherlock keeps their hives.
Greg                            "Yeah." I finally choked, holding onto him tightly against my soaked clothes as I finally felt the tears fall down my cheeks. She'd been like a mother to me through a lot, the divorce and shit days at work, handing over something freshly made when I'd been at work for three days straight. She'd just know. I felt the same pain I had when my mother had died.
Mycroft                       I give him a broad smile, and nod slowly. "You no longer have a choice in the matter, brother.”
Mycroft                       "Let me hear you..." I whisper breathlessly. "Tell me what you like..." I stroke a hand over his hip.
Mycroft                     I roll my eyes. "I mean, if you need information from outside the flat, I will obtain it for you."
John                            Watching her through the mirror of the interrogation room, I pace back and forth. “Physically, she’s fine. But she’s not saying a damn thing. I can’t tell if she’s faking or if that whole thing between her and Mycroft really fucked her up. But she’s not talking.” I say frustrated.
Greg                            I jump when Sherlock appears in the lift with us and my eyes go to the camera, wondering what the hell the brothers were doing. I listened to Sherlock explain what they had to do, my hand grasping Sherlock’s and I could feel my boyfriend’s mind desperately begging for this to work. I was hoping it was going to work too.
Rosie                           "Yeah. Papa is a consulting detective. He solves ALL the things you can't. He's the best. Ever.  But he's so sad. He won't talk ‘bout why... Do you know why?"
Eurus                         My eyes roll, leaning back, "I want to break him." My voice is cold, emotionless, "I want to break you."
John                            I exit the room and head to the nurse’s station.
Moran                        Rolling my shoulder against the pain, my eyes blaze with barely contained rage, growling, "Too right you're similar. Both fucking cold as ice in that thing you call your heart." My head turns slightly to the DI, smirking again, "I'm surprised you haven't got frost bite on your cock, mate."
Mycroft                     I feel him tense, arching his back as the first taste of salt hits my tongue. I swallow quickly, continuing to stroke him with my lips and tongue as he twists and moans under me. When he finally shudders to a stop, he gently pulls his prick from my mouth, looking at me tenderly.
Moran                        My head rolls back slightly, seeming tired and a little drained, "The medicine is just a form of control. We help the strong metas and kill off the weak. It works for normals too. Amazing what people will do when they're in distress and not thinking straight. What depths they'll sink too, what help they'll seek."
Seb                        "Ride me Jimmy. I just want to make you feel good." My hand raises for a moment to stroke his thigh, it being more important than him fucking me for my own pleasure. I would only touch him if he asked me to, so I soon pulled my hand away.
Greg                            "It’s true. It’s true and I really want to help you Eurus, I do and you can help us by telling us where Sherlock is. We can organise something for your parents’ funeral... so you can see them." I started trying to soothe her by rubbing her side, speaking in a slow but comforting tone.
Mycroft                     "I know, and for that, I am sorry. I didn't know..." I hang my head in shame. "We may all be metas, but we are also human. Seeing one's future, or a version of it, is a frightening thing. Surely you can understand that."
John                             “Bacon? They put on pizza in the States?” Setting the plates on a table, I pull out a chair and sit down.
Greg                            With Eurus' hand no longer around my neck, I'd half collapsed to my knees gasping for breath. I watched what Mycroft had done to get Eurus off of me and I was now hovering over him, saying his name as I felt the weakness he had from reading his sister who was quite powerful.
Greg                            "You just push them aside. It must be hard." I said softly with concerned eyes, putting my hand on his knee rather than his hand and encouraged him to take a few bites to get his sugar back up. I’m hoping it would help just a little.
Greg                             I move between stroking him and then teasing his arsehole, unable to reach over to my bedside table where I kept lube as well as a number of other things. I could feel his erection against my hip and then saw him pause where he'd opened my bedside drawer to see the toys I had in there.
Mycroft                     "Beggars can't be choosers, John... we came as quickly as it was safe to do so."
Mycroft                       I look at his curiously as he talks, Waiting until he disconnects the call before speaking. "A likely lead?" I ask
John                      “He monologued. He bloody monologued.” I shake my head. Then more comes back. “Moriarty.”
John                            I snort. “I’m not fragile. And you ran away.”
Rosie                          I gently close the laptop and set it on a pile of paper on the table. We couldn't figure out how to do anything with it and I'm kinda afraid to try on my own.
Mycroft                       I smile around his cock in my mouth as he twists under me when my fingers stroke over his nipple, bringing it to a hard peak. With a few more long strokes of my tongue, I kiss my way back up his chest. Nuzzling against his neck, I whisper hoarsely in his ear, "I want you... take me... please." I brush my fingers along his jaw line and can feel his excitement at my words.
John steps closer and slowly, deliberately lifts his hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek. His fingers caress Sherlock’s skin with a touch so gentle that Sherlock has never dared even just dream of anything like it. He shudders, goosebumps rising on his skin as he leans his face into John’s hand.
On the other hand, for how long is it actually possible to maintain a one-sided attachment? Wouldn’t the lack of reciprocation eventually wear it down? And maybe then Sherlock would be able to begin a relationship with someone else, someone better suited to give him what he needs…
“God, Sherlock, you feel
Sherlock lets his shoulders slump as some of the tension leaves his body. John isn’t angry. Things will probably be awkward between them for some time, but then they’ll be all right, won’t they? Sherlock could never forgive himself otherwise.
“Fishing for compliments, hmm?” Sherlock slurs a little, but he lets him have it. “You were phenomenal.” He tries not to be embarrassed about the amount of noise he must have made.
John hand falls out of Sherlock’s hair and it feels enough like a caress for Sherlock to let himself indulge in the illusion of affection for a moment, before he finally looks up at John, bracing himself for what he might see.
John is next to him on the bed in a flash, kissing Sherlock’s face, and the vaguely nauseous feeling in Sherlock’s stomach is gone, replaced by pure desire.
” Sherlock can only yelp as his muscles tense and his penis spurts hot wetness within his boxer briefs.
This time, John has agreed to come over to help Sherlock go through some cold case files, looking for a possible link to a new string of stolen paintings. He continues playing even as John enters the flat, letting the piece reach its end. It’s essentially finished now and he’s rather pleased with how it has turned out.
But that was three weeks ago. Sherlock has had ample time to read up in detail on the various forms sex between two men could take, practice his gag reflex, habituate his anus to having foreign bodies inserted into it, get tested, convince John to give him a blood sample for “an experiment” and have that tested too, purchase five brands of personal lubricant and eleven different condom types, change his bedsheets several times, increase his level of personal hygiene and even consider various pubic hair grooming options. In all this time, John has not only made no move to step things up, but even terminated snogging sessions when things got too heated. It’s begun to worry Sherlock a little, especially considering the fact that before Mary, it wasn’t uncommon for John to have sex with his girlfriend du jour on the first date.
“Yeah?”
him to go away.
“There you go, that’s it,” John murmured to him. He kept one hand on Sherlock’s back and the other in his hear, enough to anchor him but not enough to overwhelm. Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck, moaning as he breathed him in and his hips stuttered forward with a little more fervour. “That’s right, you’re brilliant, I love you so much.”
“I thought I could handle it. I wanted…”
. He found it arousing to think about Sherlock stroking him. The realisation felt so good Sherlock forgot to breathe for a moment.
He doesn’t know how he manages not to embarrass himself terribly, but by the end of his appointment, his hair is cut, he has Florian’s phone number scribbled on a piece of paper in his pocket, and they have a date tomorrow.
Sherlock can do nothing but watch as John strips quickly, revealing his perfect, compact body. As soon as John is naked he’s kissing Sherlock again, finally skin on skin, guiding them to the bed.
“You do that,” Mrs Hudson says and pats his arm. “He’s really not been himself lately.”
Sherlock hauls himself up with visible effort, thighs quivering as he braces himself against the headboard. In another situation John would tell him to lie down, but this position offers the best angle to hit Sherlock’s prostate, and John knows he wouldn’t last long enough get Sherlock off – for the second time,
,” Sherlock nearly sobs, and his arms come up around John’s neck. He slows his movements again, and they rock together for a while, Sherlock’s shoulders hunched as he bows his head down to John’s, breathing hotly on John’s ear. When John thinks he can’t possibly take it any longer, Sherlock begins moving in earnest, lifting himself up and then grinding down. His moans have a desperate quality to them now, and his body trembles in John’s arms.
He lets his forehead fall on John’s shoulder and lets himself collapse into John, because John is there to catch him. John wraps his arms around him and Sherlock lets the tears fall, lets the years’ worth of heartache flow away.
Sherlock feels a shiver run down his spine. He isn’t even sure it’s flirting and not just run-of-the-mill hairdresser small talk, but it feels so good, and combined with Florian’s fingers on his scalp, it’s heavenly.
“Just – touch me, please,” John says in obvious relief, as if he thought Sherlock was just going to let him suffer. “I’m not going to last long.”
“I’m an idiot,” John says in a strained voice, and buries his face in his hands. He looks so unhappy it makes something twist in Sherlock’s chest; he aches with the need to comfort John somehow, but he doesn’t know how, and he doesn’t know if he’s allowed. “I thought you… you were always so reserved, but I thought that was just—how you are, I was trying to accept it and I… oh my god, all this time I was upset because you didn’t want me to get you off, and you were… you were—“ He stops, taking a very shaky breath.
“Hi. That was lovely. One of yours?” John asks.
“Since when?” Sherlock asks. He can’t believe this – they’ve known who he is all this time and he never realised?
In the dim light of the bedroom, John steps closer to Sherlock and cups his face in both hands.
Sherlock hesitates for a moment, considers lying. He could tell John that it’s okay, that he doesn’t need anything, but his chances to get off like that are slim, and John is bound to be a considerate lover – he’d notice Sherlock’s discomfort and blame himself for it. Unacceptable.
“Come for me, love,” he grits between his teeth, and that’s all it takes. Sherlock is quiet this time, letting out only a sharp gasp as his body goes rigid, his cock not producing much as it twitches between them. John pounds into him two more times and finally reaches his own climax, spending himself inside Sherlock’s trembling body.
“That’s all right, keep your secrets.” She slides another scone on Sherlock’s plate even though he didn’t ask for it.
“You don’t have--” Robert begins, but cuts himself off when Sherlock rolls his eyes at him. Now that the challenge is successfully behind him, he’s much less willing to be coddled. He finds a new condom and slides between Robert’s legs, taking as much of him as he can into his mouth. He feels too uncoordinated for any of the fancier tricks he’s learned, but Robert likes it messy and sloppy just as well, so that’s all right. Afterwards, he lets Robert pull him into one of his wonderful hugs and he relaxes into the warmth of him as Robert nods off.
“They still do, sometimes,” Irene says lightly. “But it’s true I’ve mostly moved to the management side of things now.”
John sometimes finds it irritating when he’s exhausted from work but Sherlock seems to have done nothing all day, and when Sherlock knows John’s coming and he has enough energy and presence of mind to do it, he makes sure he’s properly dressed and appearing busy when John comes to avoid unnecessary anger triggers. No such luck today.
His objective was to provide John with a satisfactory sexual encounter. It didn’t have to be the best sex of John’s life just yet – Sherlock knew he simply couldn’t manage much more than staying still and letting John do all the work, but he had to manage at least
“Okay,” John said thoughtfully. “What about this, then?” He shifted a little, pulled Sherlock in a little more and
Sherlock opened his mouth, but he couldn’t. How could he possibly explain to John that he was clearly too much of a freak to have sex with him? He felt tears prickle behind his eyes and made hid his face in the crook of John’s neck instead. He was utterly pathetic. “I’m sorry,” he whispered again.
“Go ahead.”
Sherlock brings the box to the bed, and in it John finds a thick, curved dildo and a sleek black butt plug. John finds the thought of Sherlock using either of them on himself intensely erotic, even before he notices that there is a remote for the butt plug.
“Fuck all this.” John mutters under his breath. (He should really try to not swear in front of Rosie. She’s starting to pick up words now.)
Sherlock’s libido is as strange and full of contradictions as the man himself. It lies dormant most of the time, just another facet of his transport that Sherlock barely notices. John has learned not to take it personally that even though the status of their relationship has changed, he often has to make do with wanks in the shower, only imagining Sherlock’s plush lips wrapped around his cock. Not that Sherlock isn’t uncharacteristically giving when it comes to sex – he’s made it abundantly clear in the beginnings of their relationship that he’d gladly pleasure John in any way John may think of even when his own interest is lacking, but John has found he prefers his own hand to an unenthusiastic partner. Still, he doesn’t mind – because every now and then, Sherlock can be persuaded into a round of gentle but intense, affirming love-making that puts to rest any doubts John may have about Sherlock’s love and desire for him.
“Wow, Scott, you look gorgeous. What’s the occasion?”
That night, Sherlock dreams he’s tied up in a dungeon in Serbia, moaning in pain as a whip falls onto his raw back again and again while another man’s combat boots repeatedly hit his ribs and stomach. When he looks up at his torturer, he sees he has John’s face.
recognise him in the street, but he doesn’t want to risk it, not now. Anyone who knows who he is also knows who John is, and he’d rather avoid any questions. He’ll stick to the Scott Siegerson alias for now.
“I want to make you feel good,” Sherlock rasped and, remembering what John had done to him the first night and how it had felt, he tentatively circled a finger around John’s nipple.
“Only for a little while. She lives in Paris now. With her wife.”
complaining,” he enunciates clearly. “Far from it. I just wish I was twenty years younger so that I could keep up with you.”
Molly nearly spits out her latte at the sudden change of topic. “What?”
Sherlock spreads himself in the centre of his bed, knees wide apart. John stands leaning against the chest of drawers, still fully dressed but his arousal evident nevertheless. Sherlock’s cock is hard and heavy against his belly, but he doesn’t touch it – he only does what John told him to. He brings two slick fingers to rub against his anus. It’s been a while since Sherlock has done that and it feels amazing, but it’s nothing compared to John’s heated, hungry gaze on him.
Sherlock buys him a drink. They talk a bit, dance a bit, and the alcohol and endorphins from the dancing strip away Sherlock’s nerves and before he knows it they’re kissing and grinding against each other, the other man’s fingers tangling in Sherlock’s short hair, Sherlock’s hands on his buttocks, and it’s a bit overwhelming in how quickly it happened but it’s also exactly what Sherlock wanted. No useless dilly-dallying, but straight to the point.
“Need—to come—like this,” he pants and rides John harder, slapping his hips down with all the force he can muster. John doesn’t have enough leverage for more than very minute thrusts, but he moves his hands to Sherlock’s luscious arse and begins lifting him up and pulling him down, bearing some of his weight.
press against him. He has the presence of mind to stuff a fist in his mouth, so his cry is muffled.
“Well, perhaps he’s got a point. You need to be able to let things go if you want to move forward.”
with a stranger is too much. And so he excuses himself and returns to his hotel in the dead of night, running an assessment of the
“Yeah,” John breathed on his neck, then kissed it. “Everything about you feels so good.” He let his hips move in small undulating circles, and Sherlock could actually feel him getting even harder. He brought John’s hand to his lips and kissed it. His heartrate was increasing and it was starting to feel a little too warm under the covers, but it was
’ as Sherlock refers to it in his head). He knows that Dr Schneider has already managed to deduce a lot, he knows there’s no point in lying or hiding, but putting
“I needed to see how I would react to that level of intimacy, to be sure if I could… do that, be like that, in an acceptable way, with someone who was… personally invested.” He grimaces. “I’m afraid the results were conclusive. A resounding no.”
Sherlock strokes his face, brushing his sweat-damp hair from his forehead.
“Yes,” Sherlock says immediately, because it looks like John is biting back tears and Sherlock wants it to stop, but then he realises that’s probably exactly what John told him not to do. He tries to imagine ever denying John anything, but he can’t. After how much he’d hurt John in the past, how could he not want to give John everything? But he doesn’t want John to ever look like he does now, so he’ll do his best. “That is,” he says, “I’ll… try.”
“I want to do that,” Sherlock said. “I want to use my hands on you. I, um. I enjoyed doing it yesterday.” For god’s sake, was he ever going start talking like an adult? Just say
“We’ll have to talk about it at some point, though,” Sherlock points out. “Having sex has been… important for me in the last few months. Therapeutic, even.”
“It’s okay, I get it,” John said, correctly interpreting Sherlock’s hesitation. “I’ll be thinking about it, though,” he added with a cheeky grin as he sat up to let Sherlock get on the sofa. The idea made Sherlock flustered, and he kissed John to hide it, slipping his hand inside his open trousers to give his cock a quick, firm rub.
John sniffs a little and clears his throat. “So… that’s what I wanted to say. Thank you for hearing me out. I’m sorry. I’ll get out of your hair now. Just...” he hesitates. “Before I go, please, just tell me… how are you? Not right now, but… how have you been? Are you… are you okay?”
The flight uneventful but uncomfortable (not even business class seats are cushiony enough to make sitting comfortable) and he prefers to spend the majority of the subsequent train ride standing. At the train station in the small town of Meiringen he is met by a courteous Haus Talblick employee who drives him to the resort in a car luxurious enough for Mycroft. It’s in the car, as he looks at the snowy peaks of the Bernese Alps rising from the valley of the Aare river that he begins to think he may have overreacted. His craving has abated considerably compared to how he felt when he woke up, there’s no reason why he couldn’t manage it at home and certainly no need to talk to a
“Yeah. I’m… I can’t believe it’s happening.”
Sherlock stands up abruptly to put some distance between himself and John, even as every single nerve in his body seems to be screaming at him not to, to stay put when what he’s wanted for so long is finally on offer. It’s one of the hardest things he’s ever done – it feels like his entire chest is constricting in an attempt to prevent his heart from shattering along the deeply engraved cracks. Tea sloshes out of the mug as he places it on the table – his hands are shaking.
Sherlock nods, too nervous now in the last few seconds to speak. He reaches for Robert’s shoulders as he braces himself above Sherlock, and holds on.
only had to keep still and take it, he can’t imagine how Sherlock must feel.
It’s brief and soft and chaste but time stops as their lips meet, and it’s perfect, it’s everything it should be, it’s them, here, now. No other kisses count.
The pleasure feels like honey, flowing slow and thick and golden. Sherlock’s cock is flush against his belly and oozing precome but he feels no sense of urgency, no need to chasae his release. He could stay like this for hours, just lie here and let Robert kiss all over his mouth and face and neck and chest while he slides the toy in and out of Sherlock in a sensual rhythm. And maybe he’ll do that one day, ask Robert to pleasure him slowly and gently just to see how long Sherlock can last. But not today.
“Yes,” Sherlock says firmly. He’s determined to be.
He’s looking at the floor with an incredibly pained expression in his face, and it takes all of Sherlock’s self-control not to reach for him.
, this way John’s thigh came right under Sherlock’s groin, his cock pressing into John’s skin. He gasped and lifted his pelvis a little to alleviate the pressure.
He had no reason to be, he knew that. Firstly, sex was a basic form of human behaviour, almost everyone engaged in it and there was absolutely nothing difficult about it, and secondly, he was about to do it with
“Everything’s taken care of,” Sherlock assures him, in case John was worried about that. John quickly takes off his shirt and lies down next to Sherlock, burying his fingers in Sherlock’s hair as he leans in  to kiss him.
than anything they’ve done so far and Sherlock isn’t sure if it’s appropriate to ask for it. But on the other hand, what other options does he have? Sit at home moping because he doesn’t have anyone to give him what he needs? Unacceptable. Jack is a great source of comfort, but the conversation with John unsettled him, and he needs more than that.
“Sherlock—”
Something flickers in Molly’s eyes, but she nods. “That’s okay. I just – want you to know I’m here if you change your mind.”
“Yes.” Sherlock stands there looking at John, considering. He didn’t expect this. He didn’t expect to play this particular piece, and he didn’t expect John to come early enough to hear it, but now… Maybe it’s an opportunity he should use. “We were lovers,” he says before he can think better of it. He’s not sure why he’s telling John. To show John he’s not broken and capable of sexual relationships like anyone else, to see if John cares, see how he’ll react? All of the above, probably.
“You were panicking,” John said in a flat voice.
He feels splayed open, laid bare, but for some reason it doesn’t make him feel vulnerable. The opposite, rather. He’s here, waiting for John’s verdict, waiting to hear whether John wants him or not, but he hasn’t given up control.
what kind of sex we’d have and I didn’t let you have a say in it.”
John uncaps the bottle clumsily and slicks his fingers, dipping two fingers between Sherlock’s buttocks. Sherlock makes a delightful needy noise as John rubs and teases his hole, moving erratically, clearly undecided which way he wants to thrust. John dips one finger in and circles the rim, drawing a long moan from Sherlock.
“John, please,” Sherlock says through gritted teeth, closing his eyes. “Can we just drop it? I’ll be fine, it’s a privilege to be your friend and I—”
None of the things he’s done for John ever felt like a sacrifice. Faking his death and spending two years alone without a moment of peace, hunting and hunted, didn’t feel like a sacrifice. Planning John’s wedding even though it shattered his heart to pieces didn’t feel like a sacrifice, and nor did committing murder and willingly going to his death for it, or ruining his health and nearly letting himself be murdered. They were not sacrifices, they were simply things that needed to be done to ensure the only desirable outcome: John’s continued safety and happiness.
, and he sits down slowly, gingerly, as if expecting Sherlock to shout at him that he has no right to sit in that chair anymore.
“Start again, then,” Sherlock says, more gently now. He doesn’t want to make things unnecessarily difficult for John, but he also sees no need to make them easy.
“Hmm? What about me?” Slightly panicked.
Sherlock shrugs. The truth is that  he’s now less certain than ever if there’s anything between him and John at all.
Robert stared at him some more, then took a cautious step forward and cupped Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock’s heart thumped hard and his breath caught, but that didn’t surprise him at all anymore – he already knew he had ridiculously strong reactions to the simplest gestures of gentleness. And then Robert leaned down and kissed him, and that was it.
It’s only after he’s sent the text that he realises he’s effectively asked for John’s help with a case. It seems like years since the last time he did that, but it doesn’t feel as unnatural as he would have thought. John offers some valuable insight and Sherlock ends up updating him on the progress of the case via text. When he gets back home to Jack, Sherlock finds himself smiling and feeling truly hopeful for the first time in weeks.
He moved his hand over the half of John’s chest he wasn’t lying on top of, partly imitating the movements of John’s hand on his back.
“I’d rather stay like this, if that’s okay,” he says, spreading his legs wider. He knows there are positions that would give him more control, but he doesn’t want control. He needs
Sherlock shrugs. “It was fine.”
“Sherlock, please sit down, you’re shaking.”
“Not that that’s saying much,” John says ruefully. “But I… feel a bit better, I think. I’m… so glad that we’re talking. Texting.”
“Very good.”
“John, John,” Sherlock says with heaving breaths. “Thank you. I needed—I needed…”
Sherlock sits up straighter in his chair, his eyes boring into John’s. It’s time. “I had brunch with Irene this morning.”
“A man, blond, in a blue coat? I saw him leaving.”
“Are you sure?” he asks. He wants to fuck Sherlock badly, but Sherlock’s bound to be oversensitive now and John couldn’t bear to cause him discomfort. Besides, he’s so turned on that just humping Sherlock’s hip is sure to cause a spectacular orgasm. “You don’t have to—“
“Aw, I’m sorry, man. That sucks. But yeah, I guess it helps a bit. At least I’m less likely to do something stupid just because I’m sexually frustrated, like,
What’s even worse, though, is that if Sherlock is all that, then John, his protector, his moral compass, his conductor of light… is his abuser. How can that be true? Where did they go so wrong? How did the best thing in his life turn into hell?
He has to adjust his jeans a couple of times as he waits for Sherlock to be done in the bathroom – he’s hard just from the thought of burying his face between Sherlock’s buttocks, but he needs to keep himself in check. If everything goes according to plan, he won’t get to come for some time.
“I wanted some company and I… ended up here,” Sherlock says lamely. “I know I shouldn’t have, I should’ve texted at least…”
, he’s managed to land squarely in the other end of the pool. He never even considered that this could be wanted of him (stupid,
John smiles sadly. “See? You let me do it before. And the terrifying thing is that that just made it easier for me to go on, it made me feel justified, because surely you would try to stop me if I was doing something I had no right to.” He looks at Sherlock intensely. “Which
“You,” Sherlock pants. “You.”
For a moment it seems like John is waiting for him to say something, and when Sherlock doesn’t, his gaze drops to… to Sherlock’s
This thought is quickly followed by another one, much more intimidating. Terry clearly enjoyed being penetrated, and Sherlock knows for a fact that many people do too. Would Sherlock be one of them, if John hadn’t made his first experience into an ordeal? Could he still find out? Could he ever be able to let someone do this to him?
Sherlock nods, and John can see re-awakening interest in his eyes already, as he gets up on unsteady feet and moves to the bathroom. John breathes deeply and tries to get himself under control. He strips to his pants and vest and goes to the kitchen to prepare the necessities: a bottle of water to quench their thirst, a bowl of water and a flannel to clean them up, a chocolate bar to keep their strength.  He waits a bit and then carries it all precariously to the bedroom.
He puts on his blue dressing gown and wanders to his bedroom feeling off-kilter, and sits on the edge of his bed as if waiting for something, hoping for something (he knows what, but it’s better not to acknowledge it).
,” Sherlock all but sobs, desperate to get off, but John removes his hands from his body.
“H-how is he?” he asks quietly, unable to say John’s name.
John stares at him. “What, Greg and Molly?” He blinks, then frowns. “Actually, I can sort of see that.” No signs that he wants Molly for himself. Good. “Did either of them say anything to you?”
Sherlock wants to say but doesn’t,
It’s hard to believe John ever worried he could hurt Sherlock in this context. Sherlock has never imagined what sex with John might be like in too much detail – before they got together, it would have been akin to masochism – but the blurry images that nevertheless slipped into his mind were always almost sappily romantic – Sherlock in John’s arms, being held close, words of love whispered into his ear. The real thing, however, is even better. John touches him like Sherlock is precious, and Sherlock’s skin tingles under every caress as John undresses him. There’s love in John’s every touch, every kiss, every word breathed against Sherlock’s skin – Sherlock can hardly breathe with the intensity of the emotion it arouses in him.
“The opposite?”
to me.”
He waits for Sherlock to settle between his legs as he was before. His breathing’s ragged, cock rock hard and wet, and John doesn’t want to drag it out anymore. He slathers the toy with lube and then presses the tip against Sherlock’s opening, Sherlock’s legs falling wide open in invitation.
“John, I need… I need to go harder, please, can I?” Sherlock begs, sounding half out of his mind with want.
“What do you want me to say?” Should he apologise for his inadequacies? He’s never been good at apologising.
His eyes find John as soon as he enters Speedy’s and John’s find him equally unerringly. They just look at each other for a long moment and Sherlock doesn’t know what it means. They used to be able to communicate so clearly with just a look, but not anymore. John doesn’t look much different than he did the day before, but there is a subtle air of determination about him now, and Sherlock hopes fervently that it’s a good sign. He steps closer, his heart hammering.
“Oh, he has,” Sherlock says dryly. Honestly, this brunch was a bad idea. “But being bisexual doesn’t magically make him interested in me.”
, to feel John’s body thrumming and flushed with arousal and know it was all for him, that
, like going home together, it almost hurts.
The atmosphere is rather tense between them for the next few days. The distance they keep between them has tripled, there are no more casual touches, no more relaxed companionship. Sherlock hates it – he lived for those brief moments of closeness, it was the most he could get, but now has to do without them. He hopes it will be only temporary, that they’ll regain their balance in time.
“I’m sorry to say this, but he sounds like a right dick,” Robert says after Sherlock stops talking, his bushy brows knit together.
“Yeah, so good, don’t stop! Harder!” Terry moans as he begins impaling himself on Sherlock with even more force and one of his hands flies to his cock. Sherlock does his best to obey but he’s losing his rhythm, his thrusts turning erratic as hot pressure builds deep in his belly. Terry’s cries grow in pitch until suddenly they stop and he freezes in a wordless climax, his muscles squeezing around Sherlock in rhythmic waves and that’s as much as Sherlock can take. He thrusts in one more time and comes, crying out helplessly as his orgasm shudders through him, his cock spurting wetly inside the warm body under him.
,” he whispers as strokes Sherlock’s hair and peppers soothing kisses all over Sherlock’s face. “That was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”
“I’m… my therapist is helping me deal with all of this,” John continues in a low voice. “I have…
John nods, looking everywhere but at Sherlock. “Good… that’s good,” he says but he looks vaguely nauseated, and that makes Sherlock bristle unexpectedly. Is this still John’s latent homophobia? The only man he’s ever had sex  with (for a given definition of sex) continues having and actively enjoying sex with men. He’s gay, gay, gay. Does that still disgust John on some level? Or is it more specific, more personal – does John disapprove of the way Sherlock has chosen to cope with what happened? Does he think it would be more
“Yes, like that,” John encourages him, almost devouring him with his hungry eyes. “Do it the way you like it. Push one finger in when you’re ready.” Sherlock does so immediately, slowly slipping his index finger inside. The stretch feels like too much and not enough at the same time. The pressure makes Sherlock moan, and at that John moves his hand to palm himself through his trousers. Sherlock thinks of John’s cock, hard underneath John’s hand, and he wants to touch it so badly, wants it inside him, wants
John is less quick to lose his temper now, he’s taken up running as a method to release stress and he’s cutback on his alcohol consumption. He takes more interest in his daughter and is less prone to losing his patience with her. He spend more time with Sherlock, even outside of cases. He just seems
you hiding from a criminal mastermind?”
“I think I’ll take this off,” John whispered and pushed the dressing gown off Sherlock’s shoulders. There was an undignified moment as Sherlock got a bit tangled in it, but then the dressing gown was off and John was pulling him close again, naked chest to naked chest.
“Hnnng,” Sherlock says in response, unable to form words. All of his focus is concentrated thrusting and not coming on the spot.
“Take me to bed, John,” Sherlock says, and John nods solemnly. He takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him to the bedroom – it should feel odd, for John to go first when it’s Sherlock’s bedroom, but it doesn’t, it feels absolutely right. Sherlock wants to let himself be led by John in this – to let John… take care of him.
“No! It wasn’t your fault, I just… it was too much and I couldn’t focus, I’m sorry, I didn’t want to ruin it like that.” He felt like there was a block of ice lodged in his chest. Would John give him another chance? But why should he want someone who couldn’t manage something as simple as
John stands up carefully, stretching his back, then turns, and sees Sherlock in the kitchen.  Sherlock looks at the table. He’d meant to watch John, try to gauge his reaction, but he can’t, he just can’t.
“Yeah, Sherlock,” John gasped, dragging his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and his hips twitched on the mattress – Sherlock could tell he was restraining himself from thrusting up. Sherlock kissed down to John’s belly and nuzzled against it, enjoying the way its muscles rippled with each of John’s heavy breaths as Sherlock pulled his pants down, letting his erection spring free.
Sherlock collapses under him, and it takes all the strength John has left not to fall right on top of him. He slumps next to him instead, entirely wrung out and almost dizzy after the force of his climax. He puts his arms around Sherlock, who is shaking, and when John’s mind finally clears enough from the post-orgasmic haze he notices there are tears clinging to Sherlock’s eyelashes.
!” he groans, throwing his head back.
know. He supposes he’d suppressed his physical needs enough so sexual frustration was never something he felt around John. But now that he’s getting to know this part of himself, he thinks that maybe it would have all been a bit easier if he’d let himself feel it and let it out with someone else. Or maybe not – he’s not sure he’s the right type of person for one night stands. Tonight has been good – very good – and he definitely wants to continue having sex now that he’s discovered he likes it, but sleeping with a different person every time seems unnecessarily exhausting. He liked his arrangement with Florian, brief as it was. He had time to get to know him a little, learn what he likes, and then put that knowledge to practice. What’s the point of knowing exactly how hard Terry likes to be fucked if Sherlock’s never going to fuck him again? Why go through the stress of baring himself in front of someone new every time he wants to
“Oh yes, come on, love, take what you need.”
“Go get yourself cleaned up,” John tells him. “And then wait for me in the bedroom.”
you! I barely recognised you!”
He turns carefully to face John, examining his sleeping form. His hair is tousled, his face relaxed and worry-free in his sleep, a drop of saliva drying in the left corner of his mouth – he is the most beautiful thing Sherlock has ever seen. He can’t resist reaching out and stroking John’s face, marvelling at the fact that he’s allowed to do that now. John sighs a little but doesn’t wake. Sherlock watches him for a moment longer and then extricates himself from the embrace, careful not to wake him.
He slips a hand between their bodies, finding himself back to full hardness.
John laughs but turns away from Sherlock to look down at his hands as his laughter dies down.
His heart thumps hard, and it’s not that difficult to realise what he wants after all: he wants John to tell him he loves him. Take Sherlock in his arms and hold him close and never let go.
“I want you to ride me,” John tells him as he reaches for the lube, coating himself in it. Sherlock is almost insensate with want. “Fuck yourself on my cock, show me how much you enjoy it.”
Sherlock shrugs. “It was easier to let you do it. Besides, your cooking’s better,” he adds and attempts a small smile, then winces and ducks his head. Can he still say things like that? Or could anything appreciative he says be misconstrued as a come-on?
“Tea?” Sherlock offers out of desperate need to do something, anything, to make this situation seem more normal. He doesn’t wait for John’s answer before he moves to the kitchen and starts filling the kettle. He hates everything about this.
“Yes,” he agrees, trying to fill the word with promise. “Sounds good?”
, he fits perfectly in the negative space of Sherlock’s body, two puzzle pieces that have been apart for far too long. They stay like that for long moments, just holding each other, breathing together. It feels good. It feels safe.
But that means – that must mean the man was…
John grins at him devilishly. “I have a few ideas…” he says, shifting his pelvis forward to rub their erections together, making Sherlock gasp.
“Yes, c’mon, Sherlock,” John urges him on, and Sherlock takes that as permission to disobey the previous order and takes hold of John’s instep to keep his foot impossibly closer, the contact more intense.
“Beekeeper’s?” John repeats, predictably. “Unusual name.”
And if he didn’t? Would Sherlock ever be happy? Could
and arousal floods his bloodstream.
“Just let me get this off,” John said and gently pushed Sherlock off his lap. Sherlock crawled onto the bed and watched as John stripped. John was so good-looking; Sherlock felt an odd mixture of desire and embarrassment as he watched the movement of John’s abdominal muscles as he pulled his jumper over his head. Faced with John’s perfection and self-assurance, Sherlock felt even more self-conscious, and he was uncomfortably aware of the fact that his dressing gown had come undone during his previous shameful display and was now gaping open. He resisted the need to tie it securely closed again. Now was not the time for his ridiculous hang-ups. He was here so John could…
“You’re so gorgeous,” John whispered to him as he stroked Sherlock hip and belly soothingly. “Just tell me how you like it.”
Sherlock didn’t deserve this. He didn’t deserve having the only sexual encounter with the man he loves made into an act of violence. His love for John used as a weapon against him by John himself. He may deserve everything else, but not this. Why didn’t he realise it before the fact? He could have stopped John, he could have got away, easily… There was plenty of time to act between the moment when Sherlock realised what John was about to do and the moment when John actually did it. So why didn’t he? Is he truly so willing to let John do whatever he wants to him, regardless of consequences?
Sherlock pants as his body adjusts, then swallows and opens his eyes (he has no recollection of closing them).
Sherlock’s heart rate picks up. John’s eyes are boring into his, and the certainty in them is unmistakable.
“I want you to come from nothing but my tongue up your arse,” John whispers against Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock’s breath hitches. “Think you can do that?”
A sudden surge of nausea roiled in Sherlock’s stomach.
“Yes,” Sherlock says plainly, as if the conversation didn’t concern him, as if didn’t make John feel like he was going to burst with a myriad of unnamed feelings. He turns his tea cup in his hands, watching the remaining liquid. “Don’t be shocked. I’m hardly the first to choose this way.”
“Starving.”
“You haven’t. I’m not uncomfortable. Quite the opposite.”
John sets to work, repeating the long broad lick once before focusing on Sherlock’s anus. He laps at it gently at first, soft little licks designed to tease, to drive Sherlock wild – and they do. John can tell he’s fighting the urge to squirm, trying not to rut against the pillow under his hips or press against John’s mouth, but to keep still as John instructed him to. Pleased by his obedience, John rewards him by making his strokes firmer. He circles the rim and pushes against the muscle, licking and probing and sucking but not pushing in, not yet.
John starts moving slowly, and gradually Sherlock gets used to the feeling. It’s not exactly pleasurable, but it’s
“Tell me if you want to stop or – anything.”
come now, you’re so good, let me feel you come now,” Robert urges him, pushing his forward a tiny degree harder, and Sherlock does. Like everything that came before, his orgasm is a slowly rising tide rather than a crashing wave, filling his entire body as it clenches around Robert, arching and quivering. It’s less intense that what he’s used to but longer and deeper, and when it finally ebbs away he sags into the pillows in heavy-limbed satisfaction.
“No.”
Presently he gets up again, and steps carefully, deliberately back to his armchair. He flexes his hand once, then sits down and presses the soles of his feet together, as before. His expression now is at once sardonic and wary.
Even Sherlock had to play back his own thought to get the negatives straight.
Dimly Sherlock became aware of John’s worry and searched for his voice. “John,” he croaked. He cleared his throat. “John.”
“John.”
“What does it
Unexpected. There are deductions to be made here, but they are coming slowly, like a developing photograph. They are not quite ready yet for him to look at.
“Know what,” John asked again, somewhat hoarsely.
“Ha, yes. For every value.”
Sherlock also has a difficult relationship with touch.
He moves to stand at Sherlock’s head and looks down the endless length of his body. He lets his fingertips rest, lightly, along both sides of the prominent ribcage. There is a deep sigh, and a slight shiver, as John’s fingers come to rest.
Souls it may have been, but with this flowering of feeling, something in John’s body was also blossoming. He barely noticed it in the din of
John smiled at her. “Doing all right?” she asked, trailing a finger lightly through the wetness that slicked her vulva, making a wide circle around the tip of her clitoris, avoiding direct contact.
“Oh, for god’s sake! Fashion advice from the man who owns fifty-seven separate dark-coloured suits too tight to breathe in—”
It mattered to John too. John met the press of his lips with his own purposeful kisses, firm and full and
anymore, this was
Did John want to? To allow himself to be drawn aside, into the realm of fic, of, of
“They...they didn’t write this bit.”
“Ha bloody ha. But...oh, shit, actually...what if…?”
He used to think she was so cheeky and charming. He forced a smile. “Of course, of course your belly isn’t gigantic. I thought you were joking. And you do look beautiful. Healthy.”
John had a box for that. A whole warehouse. He was a soldier and a surgeon and he knew his place; he would never have presumed to name it a palace. It was just a pile of dusty crates, firmly nailed shut. What was one more?
now? To be angry?”
And just like that, his choice is made.
It was frightening. He’d read enough by now to know that it needn’t be painful, for all that John’s penis was...above average. It was not the pain that worried him.
, you
Over the course of the next several breaths, he settled. Sherlock tucked him back into his clothes while John managed to form the thought
anything, expected the usual hesitant speech from John, the usual stammering, the usual
’s waist from behind. Completely innocent, especially the three fingers slotted in between the buttons of his shirt at nipple height.”
As if he is truly inhabiting his own skin, and not merely dependent on it. As if the demands of the transport are not, after all, a tedious chore, but a pleasure.
“They are. We are. I just—Just thinking, sir.”
In this mood, John
and it took him long enough to come fully awake that he wasn’t sure, afterwards, if he’d actually uttered the breathy
“I love you, too, John.” He let the moment stretch a little longer. Then, because he was still Sherlock no matter what went where: “All sorted now? Good. Now will you please, please,
.” He wasn’t making this easier. “You did it, you did what you said, you—
“Me too…”
it was
“Because you like
For four seconds, five, he stared at Sherlock with his eyes wide and his jaw slack. Then the air surged back into his lungs. “I love you. I love you. I love you. I, I did want to say it. I always wanted to say it. I would have chosen a better moment, that’s all. I love you.”
, wanting to touch you and feel you and
in it.
No, Sherlock understood her body and its desires, and trusted that John would understand as well. There was no
The silence had a different feel to it now, the silence of an orchestra, poised and ready, waiting for the signal to fill the hall with music. They looked at each other and could feel the shape of the symphony that awaited them.
It was easier than holding back the words that he might otherwise say, the ones that John might not want to hear. And anyway, he
(“We’ve already got everything else,” John had said. Was emotional intimacy part of that, for John? Wasn’t it? Was it?)
The narrowed eyes.
It was electric. It was
After that, it is just
“John.
See? I knew we’d be great together.” Same soft mouth, down his neck, hands kneading his arse. Insistent.
. Sherlock had a prick, had an erection that he could feel, hard, against his belly, mirrored precisely by the hardness in John’s trousers. It was almost uncomfortable, no, it
Again. Lick, press, lick, press. Her tongue just barely out of her softly open mouth, so that her moistened lips brushed hair and labia as they passed. The taste would drive her mad soon, but she kept herself rigidly to the steady pace she set, knowing that when Sherlock was ready –
“They probably need to take a statement of some kind, I should—”
“Yes, John,
“I, ah.” He needs to
Sherlock is profoundly shocked. Adrift. He cannot seem to draw a breath. He has seen something in the safety of his own mind that has made him question certain fundamental truths that
to him, he was going to take this time and fill his lungs with Sherlock while he could. But his breaths soon became gasps, became great, gulping mouthfuls that he could neither still nor steady.
. John’s hips rocked faster and her breath hitched as Sherlock’s fingers kept up their teasing dance.
(Leonard Cohen)
Once Sherlock got to work, it became all about the puzzle, the way it always did.
...and she lets out a moan that is matched by Sherlock’s own, Sherlock’s voice, roughened and wrecked, “
John decides. Rather faster than John would usually decide something like this. (What is
“Sweet?” Sherlock tries for a scoff, but misses.
John rested his hands on the waistband of his jeans, his fingers curled around the button. He met Sherlock’s eye and licked his lips, then flicked open the fastening and slid down the zip.
“All right, goddamn it, and the love. And the fucking love, all right? I love you.
to venture into this territory. No, this was completely foreseeable and anyone could have predicted it.
“Right. Was kind of hoping it’d be a case.”
Under Sherlock's scrutiny, John does not look away from Sherlock’s armchair.
“God, no.” He didn’t think he could manage that level of doublespeak again. “No, definitely not.”
It begins accidentally.
If he knew John, if John was anything other than the deepest mystery to him, he would be sure, but as it is…A hand in his hair does not mean John will want, will want.
At the pain of the sudden change in sensation, Sherlock’s knees buckled and he sagged against John’s body, all the breath leaving him in a ragged half-moan: “
“I don’t know.” He looks off and to the side. “I was going to say I’d just tell them, or, fuck, I guess make a move, god, that sounds – I’ve never had a problem, figuring out what to say. Yeah. How to – fuck. But it’s stupid to try to compare any other time to this. Of course it’s easy when – ”
The fury in John’s voice followed him as he skidded across the pavement, but he would deal with that later. He could hear the sounds of running footsteps receding. Running men can’t shoot straight, the gunman was occupied, so Sherlock tore down the street and around the corner—
“You don’t need this one for anything, do you?” His voice was flat, impassive. Cold, a seasoned killer. No interest in drama, only in cool efficiency. No, Sherlock realized, with something like dread, this one would not stop to talk.
John makes an incredulous noise, but bites it off, and stares. He is silent for a long moment. Then, “That was – I was angry then. I had reason to be.” Defensive, now. The defiance is faltering. There is no softening, though.
John growled, and brought his face in close to Sherlock’s. It was completely unprecedented and unexpected and also wholly, wholly unmistakable.
All of her pelvic muscles were trembling with it, it was rising through her spine and in her fingertips. Her hips - she could not keep them still, they moved in tiny thrusts against where Sherlock held her pulsing clit between her tongue and her upper lip - or was it her teeth?
For an instant, his whole focus was on
When John drew back again, Sherlock stumbled. John’s hands held him steady, though, moving to the sides of Sherlock’s head as he sucked at Sherlock’s lips—top, bottom, top, bottom, suck, suck,
John, the
“Turn around.”
Sherlock stiffened in his seat.
The tiny flutters flashed and skipped, never mounting, never growing, only flickering,
And it was too late, too late to back away, to slow down, to tuck the feelings back behind the wanting and the wanting behind whatever control he could muster because he could muster no control at all, with Sherlock’s fingers spread, grasping, across his arse, with Sherlock’s cock hot and hard against his own, with Sherlock’s mouth opening and his tongue questing, there was no control, there was no stopping.
“John.”
“Nor do I, truth be told. I’m much better suited to being here.”
He has never been adept at reading social cues for when he is
John’s feet are bare.
John. Has always known him. Not the John he saw when he first walked in today, closed and unseeable, nothing to do with laces or deductions.
do, when his confidence in his lover is unshakeable and he has nothing left that he needs to hide.
“No.” John shakes his head, as if in wonder, in that way he has. “Who would have thought?”
“It’s fine, John. This would be a lot easier if you were honest with yourself.”
“Are you going to keep your clothes on?”
. He stands, and goes to where John is standing. John holds his eyes,
. He would not back down.
“John?” Low, from across the table, almost hesitant. Head down. And then a pause.
“John.”
“You’re going home, Watson.”
“No? You reckon not? I guess I wasn’t clear enough. Let me write you another one.” Jesus, this was so much more painful in person. Why couldn’t he have just stayed away?
There were no words. Sherlock held their hard pricks together, wrapped round with one long-fingered hand, and John merely held on, overwhelmed with the firm tenderness of Sherlock’s every touch.
Impossibly, absurdly
They meet in the corridor.
But he is good at silencing that voice, having always known with utter certainty that his attentions would be unwelcome. Looking at John’s face – closed and forbidding despite the words he has said – Sherlock is no more certain of a welcome than he has ever been. In some ways, less than ever.
, but she grasped the nipple between her thumb and her middle finger and
John. Anything, do you hear me? And of all things, you’re choosing to do this, you’re giving me this, so I won’t have to wonder what you think of me. So I’ll know.”
Mycroft                       I look at his silly grin, my eyes sparking. "THAT might get distracting." I say quietly in his ear. "Behave yourself..." I smile.
Mycroft                       After dinner, John and Rosie head off to bed in the guest room, and Greg and I are left alone in the living room. I sit back on the sofa with a sigh.
Mycroft                 I look up as Greg is escorted into my office. "Good afternoon, Lestrade."
Moran                        Ducking behind one of the control panels, I snap, "Right, playing with your new toy. I'm fine. Didn't tell them where you were." I hesitate, then give a little, bitter laugh, "Told them where the crazy bitch was instead."
Mycroft                     I pull up to Baker Street, I straighten the knocker (again!) and tap it lightly. When there's no answer, I try the door, finding it unlocked, and head up the stairs to Sherlock's flat. I am surprised to find Greg in the living room, his eyes fixed on Sherlock's closed bedroom door, from which emanates the sounds of a fairly intense argument.
Sherlock                     My gaze turns slowly from the window, to my brother, then back to the window, "I'll have to carry him out when we get there also. Or didn't you consider that?"
Mycroft                     "Everything is fine. I think Mr. Moran could use some rest, however." I take Greg by the arm and start to lead him from the room.
Oliver                         "Of course, Sir. Anything to help the police."
'Twas once a consanguineous trio,
Irene                           Ignoring Salt and Pepper, I look between them both. “Oh! So that’s why you kept me waiting.” I smirk. “Sorry to break it to you, Ginger Snap, you may have had him this morning, but he still has an eye for the dames.” I sit up straight and start undoing the top buttons of my coat, revealing my bare breasts. “Isn’t that right, Salt and Pepper?”
Mycroft                 "John has been resting comfortably in your absence, brother." I clear my throat and rise to my feet, ignoring Sherlock's question. "I need to be getting back to the office. There is much for me to discuss with Anthea."
Mycroft                     "I think someone has been watching too much crap telly," I grimace. "Talk about trying too hard to be a super villain..."
Interested in dinner this evening?
Mycroft                     I give Moran a satisfied smile. "You see? Was that so difficult?" I pat his covered chest lightly and rise to my feet, slipping my gloves back on just as Greg returns to the room.
John                            I shake my head. “I don’t know. Somewhere, I suppose. I was dreaming about Sherlock again. He said that’s where he was. I’ve never heard of it. Well, at least consciously, anyway.”
Sherlock               There's no answer from the door, but there's sounds from upstairs, my voice floating down, "No. No! I refuse."
John's POV
Sherlock bit the skin he had just kissed and John gasped. Lifting his upper body off the bed.
He went back in the room where Sarah was unconscious, sleeping despite the multiple perfusion devices to help her body recover from the strain of her abduction. The doctor said her hormones were unbalanced, putting her organs under stress… The risk of miscarriage was still high, the body prioritizing the mother over the foetus. His smell and alpha’s pheromones were their best chance right now to help the pregnancy to continue. Dr Mirakian was certain Sarah would have lost the babies if she hadn’t been found when they did.
“Oooh boouuu Johnny boy, If you think I am afraid of you, you're wrong! You’re a failure! The army doesn’t even want you anymore”
“I am serious John. You don’t have to feel guilty about that…”
His introspection about fatherhood was maybe not inconspicuous, because Sherlock always looked at him with strange looks.
“Promise me, love. Please, promise me that you won't do that. Real or fake. Don't do that for us. To us.”
“Can I trust you to tell me if it’s too much, if you need me to stop or take a break?” John wanted to be sure that night would be a very very good one for both of them.
For a while, they kissed and Sherlock would have been fine with just that if it wasn't for that burning desire to have John inside him. No Alpha could take that away from him. Sherlock Holmes wanted John Watson and their second genders could go to hell.
Behind him, he could hear Mrs. Hudson murmur something that sounded suspiciously like cute. Sherlock had never been called cute before.
Now betaed by justbecause ! Thank you so much for the work! ~ember88
Sherlock worked on cold cases, giving anonymous tips to the police whenever he solved one. On a particular hot day in July he had spent the afternoon wandering through Highgate cemetery looking for the grave on an old man whose diamond ring had never been found. When he came home, he found John lying on the sofa, looking miserably. Both his hands and the right leg were bandaged and he had the thermometer from their medical kit between his lips.
“No! well…Yes but I resigned! It’s not the same!” Harry defended herself.
“I am not bonded, and I am definitely not letting Sherlock go back to you!”
“Papa, are we clean everything?”
“You’re sure?” Sherlock asked, looking hesitant, seeking John’s support.
John took some time thinking. A false text message, a locked door…“I…I think it’s from Sherlock family, to make him come back or something…I don’t see any other people who could do this.”
“You want me to be there.”
The sadness showing on his brother's face for mere seconds irritated Sherlock.
Sarah didn’t let Sherlock finish his sentence. She hugged him, for the first time ever. It was totally the hormones’ fault that she started to cry again.
“John?”
Sherlock had breakfast with Leanna while John took a shower. The doctor had a job interview today and Sherlock knew he was nervous. After giving up his job at the A&E John was desperate to work again, even though he enjoyed the time at home. There were no cases due to the article and its aftermath and John needed to do something. Mycroft had offered his help, which John had declined. Sherlock understood him too well. John had always done things for himself, achieved everything on his own. He didn't need the British government to find him a place to work. He didn’t want to need help period.
“Matilda? Does it mean something to you?” John astuciously asked.
“Well… Sherlock, what do you think?” John looked at his partner and found him paralysed, eyes fixed on the photograph.
“Matilda…” Sarah whispered while taking the little girl in her arms, “Yes, it suits her”.
“You, my beautiful man, are the only one who can manage a love confession and an insult at the same time and still be successful!” John gleefully laughed at the flabbergasted face between his hands.
“John”, She whistled, “I know who… shot you…I will take… revenge! Let me…let me…go!” Janine tried to threatened or bargained; John didn’t know and didn’t care.
John looked surprised to have his personal space invaded like that.
He estimated the weight of the package at around 140 grams. He put it on the front steps, careful not to tilt it. He covered his mouth and nose as he opened it to prevent breathing in possible toxic substances. There were none.
“No, it's not. Any minute now my mother will run wild, journalists will try to get an interview from us, overly religious and conservative groups will contact us and try to convince us what we are doing is sin and disgusting. I know all that and it upsets me, but right now you are angry and upset and only one of us can act emotional at a time. That's how we work and right now it's your turn.”
“How do you know that? You know me?” The man…Sherlock…Mr Scott had an unusual beauty, tall, dark wavy hair, and man, he had some cheekbones! Nope he wouldn’t have forgotten him!
“…We are okay. Really. Sherlock is wonderful, I think he is… it, you know, love of my life and all that… Oh my god, listen to me! I am completely, utterly mad for him. And I know it can’t be… easy for him. He is very…protective of me too.”
The man visibly paled, but Sherlock hadn’t finished, “And I am the lucky person who shares his life, his partner and lover. If someone here says anything derogatory and insulting to Dr Watson, I will use my right as an alpha to use my abilities to protect him!”
The day Janine and his bond was broken, he tracked every nuance of her reaction, even asked her afterwards. She didn’t seem to be in more pain then if she had been stung by a bee. It was the end of them as mates, as a married couple and not for a second would he miss her.
Janine's trial would be in late spring or summer, no fixed date had been set yet. He couldn't wait for his wife to be convicted, but he also knew the trial would be hard on Sarah and John… and Janine was still Leanna's mother, even if the little lioness didn't ask about her a lot. Still, this wasn't over. James Moriarty was still out there and a private detective capable of raping an omega couldn’t just go on living as a free man, not if Sherlock had something to say in this.
“Where now?”
He didn't rest. He stared up to the ceiling. 28 hours in captivity and the presence of an unbonded Alpha. Sarah must be in a horrible state.
“Sherlock… It doesn’t change anything. Sarah is pregnant, I didn’t expect it, I was just a little shocked. She may keep it…or not. Anyway, I will help her because it’s the right thing to do” Sherlock tensed even more, “As a friend Sherlock, love, just as a friend. Nothing more. Moreover, that’s not something Sarah would want.”
“Don’t Sherlock. It’s no use to beat yourself up now. Just tell me what we have to do to help you and find Sarah.” Molly had unshed tears in her eyes but she was strong on her feet. Ready for battle. But before Sherlock could answer they heard a knock on the front door.
“You are really a romantic,” Sherlock huffed, picking up his violin.
“What?” The shock made John stop his attempt to get rid of all those offensive clothes.
John sat down in the comfy chair next to Sherlock, in front of the cold chimney. He still felt a little flustered but with the conversation flowing between him and his guest, he felt soon comfortable and…happy. Really happy.
“You should have woken me up!” John began walking in the living room, “Sorry, I'm not angry at you. Just, I don’t know what to think right now, I need… I need…” John couldn’t put words to his feelings…
He did research on the internet. Not helpful at all.
This striking truth two fables now shall prove ;
“Yes. Yes of course! Come !”
“She’ll be alright, then.“ Leanna lifted her head and kissed his nose. “Daddy can help her.“
Today was their birthday and John had offered to give Sarah and Molly the evening off so they could prepare for the party. Luckily, they had fallen asleep again, and so had Sherlock, listening as John quietly sang to the toddlers.
He was muttering so quietly John didn’t understand immediately. “John, John, John, dead, your fault, your fault he’s dead, John.”
No more patience or willingness to take his time, John promptly and quickly positioned Sherlock under him. One cushion under his back, Sherlock eagerly opened his leg to make place for his mate. John saw a small hint of doubt or fear in his love’s eyes but he just couldn’t stop himself anymore and after applying as much lube as he could, he guided himself in Sherlock, as slowly as he was capable.
“YESSSS!!!!”
“Cheekbones?,” asked Sherlock looking very perplexed. John deliberately refused to look at him and hurried to change the topic.
“It’s not about the cookie and we are not going to talk about something bad, little mouse” John chuckled.
The relief in Sherlock’s face was apparent. He put his violin in it’s case and shyly smiled, not quite looking at John, “I am happy you like it… I…I compose it for you… It’s you… my feelings for you… It’s my last gift for you.”
“Of course, love, go and choose the ones you want.”
“How? Sherlock, please!”
Who is the old man? Any guesses?
She looked up at him smiling, leaning over for a kiss and then looked back at her drawing. “It’s for the babies room. It’s our family. You and Daddy and me and Molly and Sarah and the babies.”
They fell to the bed, Sherlock's knees spread as he kneeled over John, their kissing becoming more heated by the second. The doctor's hands stroked his back, wandering deeper, resting at the small of his back.
“And you like Papa?”
“Good, a word. Sherlock, tell me what are you thinking?” John got closed to the man, unsure what the detective could be thinking right now.
“Oh, that’s nice of you to propose, but I don’t want to intrude…”
“That’s...wow. How…?”
“Stop! I know there are long wait times, but I am seeing you now, and your daughter, mister…?”
“Are you going to tell me where we are going?” John tried to ask.
Faster, deeper. He enjoyed the weight of John in his mouth, on his tongue, as the taste of is arousal, the dominant alpha smell, penetrated all of Sherlock's brain so wonderfully.
“I need you to say it, John. Please.”
“What is it John? What don’t you want Leanna to hear?” Sherlock’s voice was uncertain.
Bright blue and grey eyes look up at him. She had been through so much over the last few weeks and Sherlock wanted to turn back time for her.
“We should buy a frame then. Hang it onto their wall.”
John came home a little relieve. They had made a good choice with Dr Mirakian, he had been very thorough in his advices and exam prescription to assure the health of the baby and mother. Sarah would have a complete check-up.
What the fuck! Why Sherlock couldn’t deduce right then that he didn’t care about the rumours anymore, he just wanted to share this moment with him too! Stupid Sherlock… Well he knew he shouldn’t expect his mate to always be able to act like he would like him to… But he was pissed, damn it!
“Yes. The little Miss was reluctant to eat today...“ John raised his eyebrow. They both knew who was to blame for such behaviour... so we are a little behind on our morning schedule. Molly should be here by now, especially with Sarah picking her up every morning.”
He took a long shower and relaxed under the hot water, no better way to begin the day. He didn’t have to work that day, he may spend the day reading a good book, quietly in front of the fire.
“John, don’t take more time, and just, just tell me what you think exactly. I am okay, now. Just tell me.”
Sherlock smiled at her, putting the pear in another bowl and she started squeezing vinegar on it, giggling as the mixture erupted into foam.
They ate cookies sitting on one of the benches with sharks surrounding them.
For a while he just stood there in the living room, knowing that only a few rooms away John was sleeping in their bed. John, who had tried to get him to submit. Submission, as a part of sex was pleasurable, because Sherlock knew he could let go, give himself to his doctor. He trusted him. That didn't mean John could just order him around or try to keep him from doing his job, his calling.
“My wife is behind this. She is trying to get me away from John and I am sorry she chose you for her revenge.”
But a phone tinged in Sherlock’s pocket and interrupted him.
“It’s a…double compass…the big pointer indicates north, nothing unusual there…and the small one…indicates where the second stone is…”
John woke up to a delicious smell; beside him the bed was empty and cold. He suddenly remembered which day it was. Christmas eve…John jumped out of the bed, there were so many things to do for the party in the evening. He hadn’t planned to sleep in.
“Mr. Holmes, sir. An Irish fellow gave me this. Said he'd be in touch.” She handed him a package and turned to leave. Sherlock grabbed her jacket.
Usually, he avoided taking favours from Mycroft, even if he had disobeyed his own rule over the last months, but he got into the car that waited in front of 221 Baker Street. He texted his brother during the drive, which consisted mostly of waiting in a traffic jam caused by evening rush.
“Hurry.“
Big breathe. Hearing his mate assured voice, John took a big breathe. How ironic, it was now Molly and Sherlock who now tried to reassure and comfort him.
He didn't like her getting sick ever, especially not when he wasn't there to play the violin for her. Luckily, he had recorded himself playing months ago and sent the recording to Molly. He should have probably told Janine. He should be more insistent on getting along with her. They should talk about topics concerning their daughter. He didn't even want to be in the same room as her more than was necessary. Playing the happy couple in front of others was dreadful. He did it because his mother insisted on it and happy couples were expected in their social circle as well as fake smiles and compliments.
John was stressed, waiting in the white room for Sarah’s doctor appointment to start. There were Christmas ornaments and little Santa figurines everywhere, along with the baby photos on the wall. The 25th December was just a week from now.
The doctor pressed kisses to his temple, slowing his movements down and then stopped, hands stroking Sherlock's hips and belly now. “But we already exchanged presents this morning.”
“Two weeks . You were abducted for 2 weeks.” John answered slowly. “Let’s go, Molly, I will tell her, she will be there too.”
“Shhh,” it said, not to silence, but to calm. “
“Sherlock, get the gun and call Lestrade.” John’s voice was cold, calm. Sherlock forced himself to move, pocketing the gun, removing his gloves and flicking off a text. He could already hear the sirens approaching.
John closed his eyes. “Understood, sir.”
An accomplice.
The words tumbled out of his mouth. “It wasn’t that. Not—the violence. Though that was—no, it was…the words. What you said.”
Sherlock smiles then. “You are, yes. Finally.”
his mouth red and wet, his cock, his
“Sherlock…
“All right—I said it was improbable. But you did ask me.”
He goes on. “As for innocent, I, um…It can be as innocent as you want it to be.”
John, that’s it, I know you can feel me, does it, does it feel all right? You’re so, you’re so—look at you, you’ve gone so soft, you’ve let me in, I’m all the way in, oh god, John, I’m all the way inside you and you’re so, you’re so—
, she might die of exposure if that happens. On her side...no. Her breasts—which Sherlock thinks are
“I want you to ring Lestrade back.” And sure enough, there he stood in the sitting room, holding out his phone to John expectantly.
“It can play with my toys. I have so many.” Leanna wiggled in John's arms and the doctor let her down to the floor where she immediately started collecting toys from the floor.
“Must have been the good influence of her mother,” Sherlock answered in a tone as mocking as John's and they giggled, fingers intertwining.
“I will see them Karin” John interrupted and showed his office to the man.
Moran laughed dryly. “We aren't a couple. And you didn't plan for that.”
Mrs. Hudson made pizza for them when they came home and Leanna decided she wanted to sleep at Sarah’s and Molly’s tonight.
“I took the liberty to look at the furniture you had in your old flat and the furniture you had bookmarked on your laptop. I thought you would appreciate having somewhere to come home to after…”
“Of course,” Sherlock couldn't help but smile. Four months. The most difficult and most happy in his life.
Sherlock had to congratulate himself again. The day at the planetarium had been fun, but now that he had John next to him in a cab on the way to Angelo's, Sherlock was excited like a teenager. Their first proper date as a couple and John looked ….amazing. John in jeans and a shirt was handsome, John in a suit was a sight for the gods and for a moment Sherlock had reconsidered leaving the flat. But, there would be enough time for sex after dinner.
He walked past few of their employees as he exited the car, ignoring the man that offered to carry his bag for him. The front door was opened for him and he made his way up to the flat in a hurry. He needed to see his daughter right now.
Leanna and Sherlock had just finished reading a book on the sofa when John came home. The detective got to his feet and wrapped himself around his partner before John had the chance to fully enter the flat. He buried his face in John's neck, taking in the comforting scent. His own scent was increasing, the alpha in him wanted to mark his property. He had spent the whole afternoon in anticipation, not being able to ignore the jealousy inside him. He knew John loved him. He knew Sarah's pregnancy was the result of a crime and not of love. Still, the thought of John being with the mother of his child right now made his heart ache.
“Me? Really? Or maybe it was you with your unstoppable anger! You’re always angry at someone, especially me! Do you held me responsible, John? Is it my fault?”
The waitress brought their drinks and Molly ordered a caramel cappuccino. She helped Leanna with her colouring and Sherlock stayed mostly silent to let the two of them enjoy their time together.
Janine was in her bedroom, in front of her laptop. On the screen, she could see Alpha John Watson, going inside the building, where the omega lived, Sarah was it? Perfect. Moriarty’s plan took place as planned. She would get back her husband, and her carefully plan to take complete control of the Holmes money and influence would succeed. She had made an error with Leanna, shouldn’t have let her spent time with her father unsupervised, she should have started her indoctrination earlier. Leanna, heir of the Holmes title and fortune was one of her most important pawsn in the plan she had constructed to have power. She needed Leanna back, and a preferably broken Sherlock to continue her ascension.
Lube. Lube wasn't romantic. He placed it right next to the mattress.
“Tosser!”
“I was teasing your dad, don’t worry I know he is very clever, and very kind” Sarah immediately explained, “I was joking.”
“It’s very well done. Thank you darling, I love them. I will try one.”
“That... smells like me. I don't understand.”
Sherlock's brain was closer to bursting from what John was trying to say, interpreting, making suggestions, playing through every scenario possible.
“Leanna, you ready to come with me, Mrs Turner’s grandchildren are here” Mrs Hudson asked.
Sherlock and Leanna had spent the whole afternoon mixing vinegar and baking soda in an experiment known as “
“If you have something to say, do it.” John said while Sherlock went to Sarah’s office to investigate.
Sherlock’s hand had migrated to John’s arse too and was trying to find a way to get underneath the clothes. How could he think when Sherlock was groping him! The infuriating man returned to kiss John in order to make him stop speaking. Very efficient tactic.
“Bed.” The detective answered.
“I was nicked in the arm. Nothing too bad.”
But his beautiful man was not done surprising him, there were candles and roses everywhere, it was… extraordinary… Sherlock definitely wasn’t shy when he chose to be romantic and to woo him… John felt a blush rising and burning his cheeks, his heart bursting in its cage while Sherlock was guiding him to their bedroom…
John felt a wave of very powerful and mixed feelings overwhelming him. Sherlock was asking him to become a parental figure. Not an uncle or a godfather, no. It was…big…And something he wanted, he realised. He wanted to be that for Leanna, he wanted to raise her with Sherlock and be responsible for her.
“Sherlock, of course I want to stay with you! So you agree? To move in my bedroom?”
Moriarty was still hiding and Sebastian Moran had mysteriously disappeared too. Sherlock thought it wasn’t that much of a leap to think that Moriarty could have warned him and that they may be allied now. They had to be a little paranoid… This situation was very stressful for Sherlock, he didn’t like the idea of a nebulous threat… It was Christmas, John didn’t want the detective succumbing to a dark mood.
Mycroft elegantly got to his feet, producing an envelope from the inner pocket of his suit jacket. “Happy birthday, Sherlock.”
“Oh, my…Sherlock…” Thank god he could sit down because his knees were weak from the onslaught of emotions that were at war inside him. Surprise, excitation, love, so much love, and lust, scorching and intense in his lower abdomen.
Sherlock had pressed a kiss to John's shoulder before he slipped out from underneath the duvet and out of the room. It had only been thirty seconds since the phone on the nightstand had stopped vibrating, but Sherlock's brain was already running amok.
“How are you John? And Sherlock? It is a really difficult for both of you, I know I am not the only one affected by Sarah’s disappearance.”
But this year, she had been put into another class, the teacher had said something about learning to socialise without his sister.
“My brother is mute, not deaf idiot! Let him go!” Matilda was almost growling.
They lived with Sherlock's parents. Well, they had their own flat in the Holmes' manor, with a kitchen, living room and bathroom downstairs and the bedroom's upstairs. The floors where connected by a flight of winding stairs. They had kept most of the old furniture, as it just fitted perfectly with the wood panel walls and paintings from the 18th century. The rooms were light, huge windows giving a view to the gardens and the forest behind them. Sherlock had been born in the very room his parents still slept in and he had spent his whole childhood here.
“My omega!” He cried.
Mike was the one to give them access to the lab. John and Molly were both there, the omega seemed determined to help find Sarah. She was not one to sit and wait for the Alphas to do their work.
Sherlock leaned back into the seat, closing his eyes. He just wanted this to be over, wanted to be home with his daughter and his… boyfriend? Partner? They would need to talk about that. And they would need to talk about sex. Sherlock wanted sex with John, but he had never wanted to have sex with anyone before and he didn’t know how to bring it up. All he knew was that he liked the kissing and groping that had been going on so far.
“Leanna! You know you must not wander alone!” Sherlock scolded. He was probably already imagining all the scenario that could have happened, and the way it could have ended very badly.
“I found the newspaper article”, Molly said and showed them here phone. Sherlock has seen those articles before.
Before they knew it, it was already mid-august and Clara’s Party was next week. Leanna was very excited to go, especially because the kids of Clara' and Harriet's friends would be there. Leanna never complain about anything, but she didn’t have lots of children of her age to play with. Mrs Turner’s grandchildren were a little older and didn’t come by regularly to play with her. And Sherlock thought it was too high risks to allow Leanna to go to pre-school for the moment. He feared his family could easily find her there, or other parents would notice them from the magazines.
“Don’t listen, just your mind tricking you, John is dead… dead...dead. He left me.” Sherlock was keeping his eyes shut and John felt like his heart was breaking at the sight of his despair.
“I...” he handed the documents to John, who went wide eyed and flushed.
“I thought we are over letters from the principle because you had to get Matilda out of something,” he chuckled while opening it.
“Yess! In me! Now!!!” After some fumbling, Sherlock was in position and John didn’t wait. He lubed himself as much as he could and just pushed until he was completely inside.
“She is currently walking towards our front door, John.”
“What are you doing John? Are we not waiting tonight to orchestrate the fake Santa’s gift giving miracle?” How could Sherlock managed to sound so sarcastic and charming at the same time?
“Of course!”
My first Mystrade fic eveeer
“See that,” John whispered, “our daughter is training your brother for future babysitting”
“Sherlock, it was just a bad dream. Janine coming here must have wake up your old insecurities. I promise you, my love, you’re the light of my life, my sun, I want to keep you safe, I love you. I don’t think it’s possible for me to love more than I do. There is nothing, hear me, nothing that could make me give you up. And Leanna. I love your little girl. She is bright, and smart and cute, and funny and…so much like you! Sherlock, look at me, deduce me, you know you can do it, watch me, see how much you mean to me. YOU Sherlock, alpha, detective loving weird experiments YOU. Don’t want anything to change. Don’t let Janine past comment about your work, about the way your mind works, deter you. You are a marvel. I swear I will spend the rest of my life reminding you.”
“The boy suffered from eczema. It’d be the easiest thing in the world to introduce the poison into his medication. Two hours later he comes up to London, the poison takes effect, paralyses the muscles and he drowns. The evidence is in the shoes.”
“John, you’re finally here. Come.”
“Try foolhardy!
John smiled.
He had thought that Violet’s interview would help them, even if Sherlock had been very angry at the hypocrisy of his mother, and it had in a way. The media had been more focused on Violet for a while, the head of one of the oldest families in England. The woman seemed to glow with all the attention…
Sherlock came over to him shortly after, “Alright Sherlock?”
Mycroft's office was a plain room with white walls and a wooded floor, no pictures on the wall, no knick-knacks on the desk. Sherlock found his older brother standing by the window looking outside at nothing in particular.
In the cab Sherlock looked through the old articles, trying to get to the details. They have seven hours left. John looked like he wanted to punch something again, he hated not being able to do anything. When they arrive in the flat, John can at least pace in front of the windows as Sherlock flopped down on the sofa. He knew who the shoes belonged to, but he didn't know who killed Carl Powers and of course that was what Moriarty wanted to know. Well, Moriarty already knew. He wanted Sherlock to find out as part of his game. He had to stay focus on the case. He would worry about the impact all this will have on their relationship later. He mustn’t let Moriarty’s taunts go to him. Sentiment would distract him from thinking. If he failed, he would lose everything.
“Sherlock! Sherlock where are you? Please, be here, Sherlock!” John yelled.
“Sherlock” John whispered.
But now Sherlock had upgraded his game, whatever game he was playing, he was walking in the flat, completely nude, only in his sheet. He was going to strangle him… or do him. No, no, no, scratch that, definitely strangle him! Or flee, yes, get out of here!
“John… JOHN!” Sherlock cried when he realised the doctor was paler and paler, “John! Sarah is alive! I am sure of it!”
He turned to face his mate. “Sherlock.” He had such a lost look. “Sherlock, love, I am sorry. I am so sorry. I shouldn’t have avoided you and this conversation. I was stubborn, I didn’t want to cave and apologise first… It was stupid… You’re right, I let my alpha instinct lead me too much…”
“You will stop this, immediately.” John's voice had turned harsh, allowed no objection. It took Sherlock a second before he realised the voice wasn't in his head.
Oh, how clever she was. Sherlock sat down on the sofa, his daughter still in his arms.
“…Of course!” Sarah’s eyes became misty and she frantically wiped away the tears. “I never dream you would be willing… willing to help me…without a bond…Sherlock? Would you? Really? Accept that John would spend time with an omega?”
Sherlock eyes were beginning to flutter. He was waking up and John panicked, he didn’t want to be seen looking at him, and not knowing why exactly, closed quickly his eyes.
Her flat hand hit his face, leaving it burning and red. Sherlock clenched his fist, fighting hard with himself to not hit her back. He could smell his own alpha scent filling the flat, sharp and threatening. Turning around, he walked to the window, staring outside at the familiarity of Baker Street.
“No! I want to stay close to you! You don’t have to stay all night, I know you don’t sleep much, but…just to share a bed, comfort, and… sex if you want…but that’s not why I am asking!”
John says, “Did you just complain to my penis?” And giggles.
They're still women. They're still having sex. You're still reading, so clearly you don't object to either of those facts.
John watched him steadily. “Bottoming. It might be easier for you.”
The idea of physically,
“I know, John.” Following John’s lead, Sherlock lets his frantic tone go still. “That is, I think I know.”
And novel, no matter how often it happened. Not in his lexicon. He rarely thought to reciprocate.
what she was offering, and if he was a little slow to take her up on it, well, it had been a while. He hoped she didn’t notice his slight hesitation before he dipped his head down to kiss her throat, hoped his subsequent diligence (
“Yes, you did.”
But no. John yanked himself out of Sherlock’s mouth mid-thrust, and his weight on Sherlock’s chest prevented the gasping detective from chasing him and hungrily recapturing his prize.
, in some way?" John can be a smartarse under any circumstances. "What was the problem?”
Lie down and accept Sherlock’s touch, whatever touch she chooses to bestow. And since the objective is not to challenge John but to soothe her, the touches are soft. Gentle and smooth, only for pleasure.
, when John removed his sodden fingers from Sherlock’s mouth, brought them down behind his balls, and began to circle the furl of his anus.
“Sherlock? All right?” John bites her lip, searches Sherlock’s face. “We said, um. We said no more secrets.”
. Over and over. There’d be a bit of healing, a ray of hope, and then
Sherlock pressed his lips together. Still confused and a little lost. “John, I don’t know what you’re trying to do…”
(If he were the sort of man to do such a thing, or to want it.)
“Well, did you ask him?”
“No.” John turns, now, wriggles around in Sherlock’s arms to face him. “But apparently I do need Sherlock Holmes to show me.” He smiles, sleepy and brilliant and radiant with love.
A kiss, then, to start, Sherlock’s mouth soft and plump, accepting, acquiescing, her breath light and damp. Then down to her impossible throat, leaving delicate kisses that nevertheless left a rosy path on Sherlock’s sensitive skin.
Without breaking his gaze, he pulled off Sherlock’s prick in one long slide. “Tell me you want it,” he said.
Sherlock looked at him, scathing. “Who else would it be?”
Sherlock’s voice, supercilious.)
When this real John slides his pants off, the relief is overwhelming. With the briefest glance for permission (John's wide-eyed nod) Sherlock takes John’s cock – heavy and filling and already wet, from the movement of Sherlock’s eyes over his body – in both hands. His sigh is almost a sob as he lavishes John’s prick with caresses, curling long fingers around it, filling his whole huge hand with it.
…and slides their skins together
Sherlock sighs his defeat. He speaks softly. “Is it so terrible a thing, then, that you can only say it when you’re angry?” He doesn’t raise his eyes to ask.
“Well, let’s get the hell on with it, then.”
“What the hell are you doing here?”
John would not simply
“Oh?” John looked up from the mail. “What’s up?”
, and John is so precious and, “
John’s words were as steady as they ever were, he made sure of that, and his eyes too did not falter, so that he saw Sherlock wait for the rest of the sentence, realise it would not be forthcoming, and freeze—which, oddly, came with its own movement. John watched as those long hands twitched and then went still. He saw, also, the sharp (though noiseless) intake of breath, and the slowness with which the air was let out again, so that it made no sound. If he hadn’t been watching so closely he would not have seen any reaction at all. He recognised the control, and also (he thought) the effort it cost.
, but take off his shoes and declare his love and have
“It’s truth,” Sherlock says, and presses a kiss to John’s parted lips.
“Enough, I said.” John did not release his hold. “I fucking
Sherlock has eaten today, and has done so willingly, with every sign of enjoyment. He actually sighed contentedly over his second cup of tea. He has also showered and shaved, which he doesn't always do when he’s in a funk, and the flat is pleasanter now that he has.
” He spread his long legs wide, and grasped John’s arse in his two hands, dragging him forward, so that his hard cock lay right inside the crease of Sherlock’s groin. His balls rested against Sherlock’s perineum, tickling. “I want it. I’m sure. I want it. ”
John’s toes flex, curl. Resettle. “All right, yes.”
“Anyway,” Lestrade said, “I’m just saying, it’s good fun. Won’t be so bad.”
And John had only touched her breasts.
It is pure poetry to suppose that the look on John’s face is in any way analogous to a dagger in Sherlock’s chest. The constriction he feels is completely psychosomatic, as he well knows. His heart and lungs are functioning as they always do. He will not actually die from this, no matter how much longer it goes on.
Sherlock is on the floor before he can think, has dropped his head, has folded at the knees. His hands reach out, reach down. They pause a little—
here Sherlock apes John’s puppy dog eyes as mawkishly as possible “–so I have to conclude that you think that yes, it would have made a difference. Of some kind. I am merely asking
bitterness? You did get an arc of sorts—you used to mock my sense of honour. Then, when you came back, you changed your tune.”
” Another hard thrust. “You’re going to take whatever I give you.”
from inside the collar of John’s shirt, and his voice—John had never heard his voice sound like that before—and he pulled Sherlock tight to his body to try to surrender
All this begging, just for fingers on the bare skin of his back.
John is still tense under him, still trembling slightly with the strain of submitting himself to Sherlock, with the anger that drove him to demand this intimacy. Sherlock opens his mouth against the skin of John’s back, against the taut muscles, kisses. Kisses.
“I wasn’t
John was smiling; his mocking tone had no bite to it. He looked from the screen to Sherlock’s blazing face and spoke casually. “So this
“But you, but you,” despite an answering grind of the pelvis, John trying to get the words out. “But you said.”
For a moment he can barely breathe. Then, “Not entirely innocent, then?”
speak, and won’t ask for more. Won’t tell Sherlock what he wants. When John tops Sherlock, he talks. Questions, teases, cajoles. Gentles and praises. But John now, for all his brash words, is not quite ready to admit this is happening, and doesn’t speak. Perhaps he can’t.
Sherlock does glance at him now—he can’t help it. John, naked and enraged, hard, thwarted, lost, but doggedly refusing to be vulnerable.
John’s body is straight, military straight, his spine drawn up, everything tight and closed off and defiant…except his eyes. His eyes have gone peculiarly...deep.
...until Sherlock has to be quick to keep her fingertips on neutral skin, as John sidles and wriggles and tries to get a little further under her hands, but Sherlock is always faster, stays away while John
“Right.” He cleared his throat. “Well, you’ll be busy. I had something to add to the Matthews file I left you, but what with...look, let’s just...just talk it over tomorrow instead. Good? Good. Good. Okay. Have a good...uh, have—talk to you later.” All the while he was moving towards the door, which he hastily pulled shut behind him as he (finally) stopped talking and just fled.
“John, I want you.”
The skin he is working is warm and slippery now. Sherlock rolls his wrist and slides the back of his hand back and forth along the slicked flesh, feeling how smooth and open John’s anus has become, how lushly the bud of flesh has blossomed. He has not even breached him yet.
It was Sherlock, of course it bloody was. What were an angry letter and a locked door to Sherlock Holmes? John needed him
(Since anything shone out of his face so unconsciously.)
No. He had pictured this. He had
mind.”
and keeping Sherlock safe.
He knows the word, of course. (Intimately.) Latin:
“Mmm.” A cat smile, eyes almost shut.
“Are you listening to this, little penis? John is – Oh!” Sherlock gives John a knowing look. “I see the problem, I do.” He nods slowly, tapping the side of his nose.
A sultry version of her usual look of disdain settled over her features. “Obviously,”she said, and with two tugs and a slide down the pillow, she had John’s knees on either side of her head.
“I told you, you can fuck right off.”
But John says, “I’m so sorry.” He blinks at him again and says, “I am so, so sorry.”
“All right, but I’m only gay.
With a visible effort, John drew back. “This is—this is what you want? Now? Yes?”
“But…”
All John has ever wanted is to save Sherlock. He never could.
There was John’s body, flushed and glowing and larger-than-life; there was the squeeze of his hands grasping Sherlock’s hips, the fingertips almost clenched, almost bruising; there were John’s deep rumblings, and Sherlock’s own gasped breaths, and the wet squelch of lubricated flesh; the intense stretch and burn and
He hasn't...he hasn't accounted for this possibility at all.
Just like that first time, John still stopped and asked.
They had separate rooms, but Sarah was getting friendlier during the day, and the goodnight kiss of the first night had become goodnight snogging by the third. On the bed.
“Don’t worry, it’ll be good. But also...a bit not good.”
“Still not done.”)
Sherlock felt it too. They let it pass, and then John rose, creakily, to his feet and offered Sherlock a hand as well. Once on their feet, they kissed once, and made their way down the hall to the bedroom.
There are six possibilities.
Sherlock stopped thinking about the danger very early on. He had other things to focus on, and anyway, John was there.
“Mm?” From where he lies, Sherlock can see the crinkles of John’s smile.
sufficiently for Sherlock to find himself completely naked on his bed, head propped up on pillows, his own semen drying on his belly, with John—also gloriously bare—on his knees and straddling his chest, his hard cock bobbing inches away from Sherlock’s gaping mouth, close enough to smell but not to touch.
It is...not exactly
There was always the danger that he would fail, somehow, or worse, that he would
Sherlock’s worried frown resolved into a brilliant smile.
“Intract—? Yes, I
John stiffened, almost spoke,then cursed himself.
When Sherlock has imagined this - and Sherlock has
Sherlock cannot bring himself to want this misshapen hunk, though an hour ago he would have said it was all that he desired. Apparently the manner of its delivery has marred it beyond recognition. He
“Sherlock? Jesus, Sherlock, what is it, are you all right? Are you hurt? Christ, Sherlock, say something.”
When he looks at John’s face, though, he sees that he is getting ready to speak. He has seen Sherlock, has seen Sherlock seeing his bare feet, and has become, if anything, more defiant.
"Yes. Beautiful."
What would he see? What would Sherlock expose? If his body were laid open, by John,
A withering glance. “I was having an orgasm, John.”
...and he would have thought he had fantasised enough but he was
breath after breath of the treacherous little word, always only a moment’s inattention away from being voiced, always, that is, except during those terrifying moments when it was supplanted by an even more treacherous four-letter word whose utterance would be even more disastrous, and which was mercilessly suppressed even in the wild and lawless country of his own mutinous mind.
In another moment, John’s wide eyes went dark and dangerous again, and Sherlock was glad, because feelings were all well and good but John Watson with his cock up Sherlock’s arse should not be entirely safe.
There are several minutes of silence afterwards, while their breathing settles and their penises soften. John gingerly shakes out his legs and looks at Sherlock where he lies resplendent on the bed.
you, Sherlock. When I belted that prick – you think I couldn’t see you? You can’t hide from me, Sherlock. Not anymore. I’m not going to let you.”
planning to stay. The realisation sits on Sherlock’s chest for a moment, solid.
Indifferent.
to stop you.” The truth of that statement halted her in her tracks so it was a moment before she finished. “I wish I could let you.”
“Surprised? That’s...one way to put it. But I don’t understand. What about—Why are you rolling your eyes?”
But not simply reacting. The next time John leans over for another pass, all the way to the crests of his hips, he sucks in a sudden breath because Sherlock has flexed his body and is mouthing and lipping at the front of his trousers. The heat and pressure against his confined erection make him gasp.
“That’s not—”
“Are you kidding? How many times did I hit you? How many times did I
that degree of arrogance, although I suppose, on balance, I ought to have done. He just that sort of...Oh. Oh, no, hey, it’s—”
John grinned back over his shoulder. “Yeah.”
Another twist and squeeze and she tensed right up, her sounds going high pitched and sustained. With one hand, John continued the steady scrape and twist that had brought Sherlock this far, and at the same time leaned down and took Sherlock’s other nipple in her mouth, circling her tongue, grasping the peaked nipple between tongue and teeth. One more flick, one more nip, and –
and John
, he knows what he means, he means with his whole heart and his whole self.
Definitely not this.
throwing his arms even further over his head and pressing his chest into the touch. This barest touch.
And they did meet, and everything changed.
talking. You haven’t said much.”
, saying
Sherlock pulls away, with difficulty. He cannot go far, though, cannot tear himself further away than to rest his head on John’s. There is one more thing he needs to know.
“Like a man.” John’s voice is tense and gritty.
“Could you just…?” The other, talking over him.
Impossibly, John keeps talking, even in the absence of oxygen. “Obviously you knew, you always know, you don’t have to lie and say you didn’t know. I guess you thought it was a kindness, not saying anything about it. I guess it was.” Here John gives a harsh laugh. “Anyway, I know you don’t want me to say it either, I know you hate this, but. I can’t even be bothered to be sorry. I’ve lost everything.” John gives a sniff. This is the longest Sherlock has ever heard him speak. “That’s it, Sherlock. I have absolutely nothing left to lose so I’m saying it out loud. Even though you already know. I am in love with you.” He closes his mouth grimly and falls silent.
. “Except that you’ve been angry at me for a long time.”
So Sherlock sets out to look.
but when he opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, Sherlock pulled back ever so slightly, maintaining that fierce focus, but holding them steady, not allowing John to drive them towards the edge.
There is no part of John that thinks,
“Good?” Sherlock puts in the barest upward stretch. “You like that?”
“Good God, can you imagine? I think we can manage it
"Really. And what is the right word."
“My death.” Because that’s how John saw it, how he still sees it.
“Could I offer it if, if I wasn’t going to change my mind? Could I…I’m not, John. I have never not wanted this. You. I have never not wanted you.” It was the simple truth. Simple. He could have said it anytime.
“You were
John began this night in control, drawing and driving Sherlock's body, Sherlock's pleasure. Now, though, Sherlock has driven John to be more vulnerable than she's ever let herself be with a lover. But this is Sherlock, so it's...safe.
“If they aren’t blind.”
John made no further comment, but looked thoughtful as he finished him off with his mouth.
John doesn’t
On Sherlock’s head. His hand, warm, has settled in Sherlock’s hair.
John caught Sherlock’s eye just as Sherlock was wondering what John must think of Sherlock, who has always offered himself so freely, and that was when John rose abruptly.
After that...story? That ending? What the hell
“Yeah. You guessed it. My turn. All right?”
“Sherlock?”
John’s mental triage - which point to pursue first? - takes him a moment. “Hang on,” he says. He’s rather inclined to view their antics benignly, and resents Sherlock for begrudging them their fun. “First of all, you don’t know anything about them, or their attitudes, and you can’t tell me you’ve deduced them just because they’re making too much noise in the park.”
“Fine. Fine. Seems it’s all fine. Back to normal, having adventures, being a dad occasionally...It’s a jolly old life indeed. Apparently.”
and so
John did her best to make the deception a pleasant one. She had a lifetime of deflection and camouflage to fall back on, and she had never been more motivated. (Or inspired, really, by Sherlock’s eager responsiveness, by the way she surrendered to sensation, by her lean, long, quivering body.)
not be borne.
He couldn’t get enough, could hardly stand for his mouth and hands to not be touching Sherlock’s body. Distantly he realized that Sherlock was trying to undo his shirt in return but it did not cross his mind to help; his hands were busy, and his mouth was hungry. At last Sherlock dipped his head and captured John’s mouth with his, and then John hardly noticed Sherlock’s fingers working at the buttons of his shirt until he, too, was bare-chested.
that chorused through his mind during every moment he spent with Sherlock, surely he couldn’t possibly guess that? That it should be there, under and behind every word he spoke to Sherlock, hammering against his skull, lurking alongside his vocal chords, ready to ambush every breath and make his mouth proclaim what was chanting through his mind, constantly, ceaselessly—it was
He didn’t, but because Sherlock
There came a...wariness alongside his arousal. A dawning suspicion.
, I’m an utter—”
“No. No, stop.”
Sherlock’s voice was quiet. “You’ve already saved me. You saved me...a long time ago. And then...you just kept saving me.”
Tonight John is deflated. It happens sometimes. He gets tired or run down, or dwells on something disturbing or dark or deeply regretted. (He has his pick of these.) He would take it very well tonight if Sherlock were to look kindly enough upon him to give him a squeeze or a caress that is not required, that is purely affectionate, that is for no purpose.
“I do see. You’re talking as if there’s a
did not mean what it meant when men said it out of context. Or even in context. Being the bottom did not mean inferior in anyway. Those notions were based in misogyny and homophobia and were limiting and insulting all around.
John’s eyes drilled into his. His face was unyielding, and his voice was harsh. “You want it hard, yes? You saw something you liked in that alleyway and now you want it fast and rough and hard. That’s right, isn’t it? Tell me.”
“Oh.”
And now John is weak from his orgasm and hanging in Sherlock’s arms, and in Sherlock’s burst of possession there is no more room for gentleness. He pulls them back to take some of their weight on his own thighs, and his body takes over completely; he bucks and ruts deep into John’s unresisting body. He is too far out of his own control to mitigate the yowl that bursts out in his own high, wild voice as he comes, hips convulsing erratically.
vibrates now beneath their affection, seems to shimmer and grow. They share a long look across the carpet, and while Sherlock still can’t name what it’s laden with, it feels...right.
, he wanted his full awareness. John was going to kiss him and he wanted to
John pulled back a little further, but still did not look away. “Go on, Sherlock, ask for this.”
“Don’t. It’s not me you’re angry with.”
“It’s just—”
“No, they didn’t. We did.”
“No one.” John grinned at Sherlock’s expression. “But I kept thinking you were going to. Were you—what? Testing the waters or something?”
his old smile, and Sherlock’s mouth twitches in response, and in another moment the gravity in the room has vanished and they are laughing.
“No,” John said, surprising himself. “No, let's not.”
Just him.
“Good clean fun, you called it. And you’re right, this is quite enjoyable. I didn’t think you’d be quite this easily beaten, though.”
Sherlock’s hips rose, her shoulders drew up, and her orgasm washed over her.
That’s all.
, he wanted more, slid his hands around to grip Sherlock's arse and pull his body closer and his cock deeper, to lick and suck and taste, ignoring his watering eyes and the ache in his jaw, and he hadn't had anywhere near enough when the flesh between his lips swelled and stiffened even further and John found his mouth full of as much taste and heat and texture as he could want. He swallowed it down and sucked the last drops out, determined not to waste the chance to flood himself with Sherlock, Sherlock
“You shouldn’t...you shouldn’t have had to do that. I know it’s not...not exactly normal, all right? For me to...need that. I’m very, I’m very…”
John had never hated himself so much. He shouted, “
“Sorry, sorry. I don’t—it’s been a really long time. Since—” Since James, which he almost said, which was unforgivable, “Since I was deployed. I—”
Sherlock cannot bear how much he loves John.
(Neither does Mrs. Hudson on the other side of the not-at-all-soundproof floorboards, by this time. But then, she always knew Sherlock was the funny one.)
John gave a little nod, and rose, and moved around the table.
He froze where he sat, but there was no earthly force that could have torn his face from the haven of Sherlock’s neck, because if he was going to be dislodged in a moment, to be patiently
But now his skin is practically
Sherlock’s face is so close that John can feel her smile. “You’re giving it to me instead. Your most secret, um, secret. I’ll take care of it, John.” Sherlock’s body shifts a little, and she sighs. “I’ll take care of
Fiction. With Sherlock. And play out some...encounter. A sexual encounter.
John. The real John, sitting in his armchair, completely unaware, and only slightly concerned. While the very angle of his legs as he sits and reads confirms every deduction Sherlock has ever made about …
….and it
this was wrong, he was supposed to be sending him away, protecting him from the trainwreck that was John Watson, not leaning into his gentle palm, not drawing in great draughts of his warm breath.
(“John.” Weakly, reaching.
after a brief struggle with himself, though it would fit, and settles instead on
She laid her head on his shoulder, afterwards, and snuggled in. She sighed peacefully. “That was lovely, darling. I was beginning to think you’d never come around.”
It never did to get complacent, though, when dealing with John Watson. He was always a little unpredictable. Unexpected. A little...risky.
“Oh lovey, what are you doing here? What is going on?”
The kisses turned from innocent to very dirty. Tongues and teeth came to play, and John was soon pressing Sherlock against the mattress. It was intoxicating, it was everything. John’s hips were beginning to jerk against Sherlock, seeking more contact, more pressure, faster rhythm.
John couldn’t believe what he heard, how could she believe he would sacrifice Leanna to have peace with Janine! And what kind of life did Janine believe she would give Leanna? As if material things could replace love and attention? John reacted. He put his hand around her neck in a second and squeezed to make her STOP. SPEAKING.
“Ah, that’s why you are the genius here.”
They were already upstairs and Leanna in her bed, when she seemed to remember their conversation from earlier in the evening.
“Yes, love. We have to be quiet now, okay?”
“Mine now, Papa.” Leanna shoved a present wrapped in yellow and light blue paper towards him. Sherlock knew it was a picture in a frame before he opened it.
“I think about that a lot, right now. With... with Sarah pregnant, children are on my mind all the time. I just... I can't talk about it yet. The thought of me being a dad... It's hard to wrap my head around it. And talking about feelings isn't my strong suit. My therapist could write a book about that.”
Leanna wasn't hungry and Sherlock had to cut her toast into triangles so she would eat them. He had made her favourite fruit tea, lemon grass and strawberry and she had insisted on drinking it out of John's favourite mug, which was way too big for her. She somehow managed.
“Extraordinary.” John had never met anyone able to analyse and understand so much from little details no one paid attention to.
John felt ravenous and deliriously happy. The twins were healthy, so was Sarah, and Sherlock had given him a secret love declaration! Who gave a fuck if he didn’t have a job and some people felt they had a right to judge his relationship with another alpha! He was happy! Sherlock loved him! He would not let it tarnished his personal life anymore!
“What are you thinking about, love?” John asked, softly squeezing his hand. His smile was without worry, he knew that Sherlock got lost in his brain a lot.
Finally, several text came from Sherlock.
John didn’t know how long they kept kissing and kissing. Some of the kisses were  full of passion and hunger, others were soft and reassuring.
I’m coming. Which hospital are you at?
“Why would you do that?” he snarled, going through every possible scenario in his head.
“I did. Are you blind? I have used my fingers on myself while masturbating before and found it quite pleasing, but I wasn't sure I would like you penetrating me. As an alpha, my body is not made for anal penetration, I don't have self-lubricant and you are quite big.”
“Daddy and I made breakfast. And so many presents. But breakfast first. In bed.”
“Oh, hello my darling. Good to have you back.” She came up to him pressing a kiss to his cheek and he lay his arms around her in  a well practiced show of affection . He forced the corners of his mouth up, purring a Hello into her ear. One of the brainless ladies on his sofa sighed and Sherlock heard her say something that sounded like: cute couple.
There was no chance he could be home in time, no way he could protect John and Leanna. And then he remembered that it was John he was talking about. Janine would probably be the one needing protection from the Alpha.
Oh. The realisation of what it meant suddenly hit him. Serotonin, the happiness hormone. Dopamine was love. Acetylcholine was a little less obvious… it was associated to learning, dreaming and creation of memory… Oh god! Sherlock was such a romantic! Only his mad detective could hide a secret love confession using chemistry language!
“You don’t know what you’re talking about, asshole!”
ember88
Aunty Harry had helped to make her feel at ease, she was cool and Leanna liked her smile. Leanna loved smiling people. Harry gave her a new drawing book with scenting colour pens. But before she could use her gift, the doorbell rang.
He would find another place for them to live. They would go see a doctor tomorrow. Now, they both needed sleep.
And he was still surprised by how much he liked to let Sherlock lead in bed sometimes. John tended to be the one to be more active but Sherlock now expressed his need to claim more often.
