Well, it was the thought that counts.
With stuffed bellies (Gabriel had eaten at least half of his candied yams rather than pie for dessert), dishes ignored and all other gifts unwrapped (old books, tech, bee things, funny t-shirts) all that was left was a round of secret Santa. Cas was once again a bubble of excitement already sporting one of his new gifts, a yellow hoodie with a cute bee on the front.
Look behind you," said Sam as both Gabe and Cas did as instructed finding four advent
“Come on Sammy, like a movie and a burger or we could go bowling, Henry what do you think?”
"Like I said Henry's in bed."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey Hen, you want a slice? It's Pear Pecan." Dean watched him seat Henry on a barstool, before taking the one next to him as he cut three slices of pie, the smallest going to Sam.
"Can I hug you?" smiling Dean nodded accepting her into his arms until one of her people coughed, she had fans waiting. "Okay, let me deal with the queue then we'll talk."
This thing still had a lot of road to it. Only this morning he'd been dodging Sam's puppy dog eyes in attempt to break the 'Don't tell Gabriel rule', Dean hadn't broken yet.
"I'd really like that," they both smiled before Dean quickly moved to grab some plates for the pie.
"He kept it all a secret?" asked Dean looking astonished even though he didn't know the guy he had a feeling secrets weren't his style.
"Yeah, he said he'd find me later and I really like him," well that came as no surprise, "Plus you've seen it twice already," said Sam sounding scandalized.
"Yeah, he's on the front counter, what gives?"
"Gabe, I'm in this for the long haul, I love you," Gabriel would never hear that enough no matter how many time Sam would say it, "Having kids is hard but I think we'd be pretty great at it only I was hoping we could get a dog first."
"Yeah, I'm just hanging out here today." great now he sounded like some kind of loser without friends. "What do you do?"
Did he want a date with Cas? He thought so and Charlie definitely did, she'd gave it to him straight (haha) about all his other man crushes. It was no secret his romantic life had stalled of late, he couldn't remember the last time he was excited about a woman.
"Stop with that Mr. Turner nonsense, the garden outside is beautiful just like my own." Dean smiles watching as they launch into a deep conversation, well whatever keeps Cas away from Benny is okay with him.
"I wanted to start a veg garden but I need some help, I might pick his brain." the fact that Henry's little garden was bringing Cas business made Dean really happy. He downplayed it of course, he didn't want to be seen as a sap or something.
"Wow, Dean this looks amazing." without further comment or niceties Cas picked up his burger and dove in. Dean couldn't look away, his own burger forgotten (yes forgotten and Dean Winchester wasn't one to forget food especially a burger). His eyes went wide as Cas moaned from the taste, the noise jolted Dean his body reacting with a sort of yearning or was it jealousy?
"She really is a beautiful car, Dean." smiling Dean let go of Cas (unfortunately).
Next up a Cas chapter.
"He will, I'll take one of these." Dean watches Sam pick out a madeleine, the sight of his brother voluntarily eating something sweet is amazing. Did Sam mean it? Was he going to tell him where to find that incredible pie? If so Dean had better start saving himself for it.
Oh shit! This was turning into a real cat out of the bag situation, why had he come in here alone with Cas while inebriated, stupid beer brain.
* * *
"Yeah I wasn't sure but I had a weird night?" Dean locked eyes with Cas, green to blue, so far Cas hadn't mentioned anything to Dean about the gifts. Were they bothering him? If Cas was starting to freak out about it Dean would bare all now.
"I'm the one with the DVDs," stated Dean deciding to stick to the facts.
"No!" declares Dean it takes more than a little redhead to scare him and he's sticking by it. Moving to follow her she puts her hand out for the books unnecessarily oohing and aahing over them.
He brings the drinks in, Cas thanking him with his eyes glued to the tv he doesn't see Dean leave again until a tray is set in front of him holding sliders and fries.
"So did you have a nice afternoon playing hooky?"
Covertly he learned when Cas was next off work, being smart enough to ask someone other than Gabriel. Earlier while getting ready for the day that would take his life somewhere he never thought he'd have the courage to face, his hand snagged on soft lacy fabric once more.
"Gabe, please I don't want to fight can we just go for a little bit?" asked Cas his voice barely loud enough to hear, Gabriel answered with a nod and they both left before Sam or Dean could object.
"Let you do what?" asked Ruby causing the others to jump.
open the thing.
"She's out, and I really should be heading off to meet her, I'll put your orders through the kitchen if you want." offered Bobby, Dean ordered his usual and Cas the same once he knew what that was, and after grabbing a couple of sodas from the guy (someone Dean didn't recognize) tending bar they chose a booth.
"I was just checking over a stock issue, I apologize for interrupting you, Dean. If you wish to be alone I'll go back to my office." Cas sounded all sad and hurt making Dean feel like an absolute dick.
"Gabriel probably roped him into it," offered Charlie causing both Winchesters to turn their heads faster than recommended.
"Wow Dean, that was quite the welcome, I'd think being away for half a year would at least qualify for a hug." she scolded.
Now sat in Baby outside the Novak residence Dean found himself regretting his rash decision, what would Cas think?
Grabbing his cell once more Cas dials hoping the phone is answered.
"My brother's arranged for us to go to the cinema," that was news to Dean, "Oh surprise, Dean," added Cas.
Cas was here! Dean blinked wanting to make sure, realizing Cas had never been here made him a little self-conscious. What would he think of the place?
"So what's got you all excited?" asked Dean watching as Sam held his book up proudly, Oh God! Was his brother's theory correct?
Wait, why was he here? He watched a little longer sure the space between Cas and Benny was getting smaller, though his line of sight was never hindered. Funny that.
"Ah no Dean, I called to speak to you." oh, Dean felt a thrill of excitement at Cas' words. It felt good to hear the man's voice again. "Since we missed each other, I thought we could do the next best thing." suddenly Dean found himself smiling. It felt so effortless with Cas, their acquaintance was easy becoming a friendship and Dean found it pleasing.
"I knew it, you have no clue. Dean that night when you were screaming down the phone you called Cas, Angel."
Sam took a breath before adding, “I love him, and I know you feel that away about Cas,”
* * *
Turns out it was perfect, after making his purchases, they're back into the echoing hubbub of the mall. Dean refuses to fail, two purchases down he needs three more.
Right showtime, "Sammy, hold this I need to take a leak,"
"Cas said that?"
"Amazing, I brought my pictures to show you."
"Uh yeah, I don't think I've done too badly." Dean gestured to his square bookshelves - mostly filled with books, photos and what Dean deemed too many pop figures that Charlie kept adding to - between his filing cabinets.
"I could show you?" Dean nodded feeling things begin to perk up. Cas took his hands placing them on his hips before rolling them.
"Cassie that was beautiful," said Gabriel who clicking his fingers had the tree out of the Winchesters grip (damn, it had been nice to watch) and set perfectly where Cas' suggested.
Though slightly nervous about his lunch making another reappearance due to Angel Air, having only conquered short trips so far.
"Cool, you're coming too right Cas?" One look at Cas' wide-eyed expression told him this was news to the gardener. Shit, that day at The Roadhouse he remembers mentioning the cinema trip, but did he extend the invitation? Of course, the answer is no, God he's a fucking idiot at times.
"Enough Cassie, I don't want cavities without the fun of eating candy, so what's the prob? You're obviously super into him." Gabriel moved to Cas' filing cabinet opening the second drawer he began to rummage.
"These were really well picked," commented Sam.
"Yeah, we were really busy, how come you're spending a morning in a coffee shop, property slow today." joked Dean finally going in for a piece of pie, God it was delicious and Dean knew pecan pie.
Once he'd gained control over himself he returned downstairs to find Henry waiting to open Cas' gift along with Sam and Cas who were being weird with each. Remaining on the stairs Dean stood to spy a little, Sam looked ashen often throwing glances at Cas as if seeing him for the first time.
"Here we go." Dean opens his eyes to Cas setting a tray down with two cups of delicious smelling coffee and what looks like two slices of pie. "Eat the pie Dean, you looked like you were going to fall over."
"Tell Gabriel thanks, call me if you need to. I don't care what time." Cas nodded walking him and Sam out the door shutting behind them they both walked over to Baby. "You planning something?"
"It already is a lost cause, Dean's straight, besides he's my friend." this time Bal rolled his eyes, giving Cas the impression he was being mocked.
"Gabe, this isn't funny." he reprimanded.
God, Dean hoped so.
"Hell no, Henry would be so mad he'll want veto power in where every little plant should go." they both laughed, Henry was constantly asking about the all the cactus' he got and was delighted when Dean had given him his phone to look at all the selfies Charlie had taken of his work crew posing with the one in the break room.
“Can’t say I wasn’t curious about those chocolates but I figured it was Dean,”  Cas looked at her in surprise, “I have eyes Cas, the guy's a walking closet case luckily he found the way out. Truthfully and I don’t want to get all mushy but I missed you,” Meg avoided eye contact under the guise of gathering ingredients.
"Dean are you still there?"
What the hell? Though his confusion was quick to morph into pure clarity.
"Can I grab another jello for Dean?" asked Cas motioning at Dean as if proof were needed he wasn't attempting to cheat the system.
Good luck in the sky @DeanofDaleks
"I'm back, it's Novak times two," shouted Gabriel just as Sam came back with the coffee, Kevin taking the beer for himself.
"I'm okay and I don't need to go, are we getting food?"
Taking pity on his brother, Dean let it go. "Okay, I was just thinking about Henry's birthday, I have an idea but I don't know if it's good or not."
"Dude, he's the caterer," well shit thought Dean as both Charlie and Sam burst into laughs.
"To bed, anything to get morning here quicker." Sam groans, worried that when he comes home tomorrow it'll be overrun with pie.
After a few moments of silence in which lies a couple aborted attempts, Dean finally broaches the issue, "How do you tell someone you like them?" he asks directing the question at both of his parents.
Sam watched in amusement as Kevin (going by his badge) leaned over the counter to get a look at Henry. "Uh yeah, he's outside." Henry beamed at him.
. After speaking to Cas and arranging to meet for lunch, (yep he and Cas were going to do lunch and he was not freaking out about that). He'd spent the hours in between tuning up Baby, to help not to think about lunch with Cas. And now he was late, knowing he should've fucking set his alarm, time always lost its feel when he was working on Baby.
"We will be, thank you Cas. See you soon."
"Leave him be, the man is admiring your magnets." Charlie playfully punches Dean's arm he hoped it hadn't sounded mean he was just thirsty. "I'm with you Cas, often I too wish to steal Yoda away for my own fridge." Charlie's eyes had glazed over, Dean knew if he was ever kind enough to let her have him she'd probably faint or something.
"Correct Dean, has Henry been teaching you?" Dean shakes his head, "Oh, Dean." tearing away from the beautiful flowers he caught Cas' eyes to find them blazing and much too intense coupled with what he was feeling. "Your Mom?"
"How do you mean?"
Dean texted back it was fine that he'd give is phone over tonight, knowing Henry would be delighted had his mood brightening. Reluctantly he put his phone down, hoping to do some paperwork (which he hated) or at least the most urgent. Luckily Charlie saved him.
"Dean this is awesome!"
"So you guys both have the hots for a Novak brother?" Dean's glare stopped in his tracks noticing the dreamy far off look Sam was currently sporting.
Who the hell was catering this thing?
And since he'd been working under and in his car with the Sioux Falls sun above he'd gotten a little sweaty and a lot greasy. Making sure to text Cas he went for a shower, let it be known that Dean Winchester never smelled bad for a date. Date? No not a date just two guys getting lunch in a very manly way by going to a bar in the daytime.
"Stop ogling and tell us where you want it," demanded Dean, trees were fucking heavy.
Hours after the funeral of their father on a grey February afternoon, Sam and Dean Winchester were in the Bunker kitchen, two knives on the table to cut the tattoos they never wanted.
Truly he saw himself settling with a guy and Cas was fantasy material, ticking every one of Dean's boxes. Okay, he's got this, it's just a chat really maybe more, but he doesn't have to think that far ahead.
"Fine," Dean opened his bag to search only he came up empty, "Fuck, it's not here."
"Why?" Henry had pulled back to look at him, thankfully Sam chose to answer.
Something was going on, it seemed practically normal these days only this time it was Uncle Sam. He was all mopey, it wasn't about his job because he was missing that little glint in his eye that told Henry he was okay.
"Alfie what happened with the two you know who's," asked Charlie stilling the little conversations and glances to Sam, Gabriel and now Dean.
"Guys, your brothers are both evil and too sweet, now feed me."
"Cas, it's fucking delicious is there maple in here?" Cas nodded, "If you keep baking like this I'm going to have to go to the gym." added Dean digging in for more.
But it was okay if he kept that away - whatever it was - everything was normal. He and Cas were just like they always were.
"Consider this as me checking your credentials." Cas threw him a playful smirk throwing him the keys before walking away with Henry. Fuck, if Dean didn't know better that had felt like flirting, but why?
The questions start as soon as they're up and walking.
help me with some funny videos to send him?" Henry nodded enthusiastically making videos was something he loved to do, "I was thinking about some flowers only something's not right with that idea."
Next Chapter: Who is knocking on Castiel's door? Possible smut incoming.
Flowers? Thank God he'd asked before that disaster, Henry jumped quickly to his feet shouting "Wait right there!" to his Uncle before charging up the stairs to his room.
"Lead the way, Handmaiden."
"Yeah?" Dean asked enjoying the rush of excitement through his body, it was short lived when Charlie suddenly popped her head up over the reception desk looking extremely happy with herself.
This could be a little problematic, hopefully, they're not as bull headed (Sam's words) as each other because he really wants to make nice with Cas' brother. After paying for the pie which Gabriel is nice enough to discount Dean heads back to the Impala, his three colorful boxes safely stored in the back, once back in his seat he  sends a text to Sam:
“Exactly, why this Holiday, the calendar has loads since February,” grabbing a pocket knife off his tool shelf Dean went about cutting the tree loose, Sam moved to take the bottom.
"Thanks, Cas, it was lucky we managed to catch you. Have you always been green fingered?
"No, Sammy likes to be by himself for a while," answered Gabriel before Dean had the chance glad to know that Gabriel knew that much about his brother. Looking down at his food he found he'd lost his appetite.
"Um, I thought some honey but now I'm thinking honey chocolates." Charlie nods for that idea too wrapped up in strawberry heaven to talk. "Bookmarks obviously and one more thing maybe a pin or keyring."
"Did I scare you?" she asks.
"None of that matters, Charlie, he'll think he should like it because it's my stuff." at that Charlie rolled her eyes.
"I think so but I'd say you owe me a favor and I know just the thing."
Alfie had hit the jackpot!
Dean got up from his chair feeling incredibly eager for December, those two minutes of never seen before footage had been the perfect tease. Exiting the room his high immediately morphed into nervousness on sight of not only Gabriel but Castiel.
"Go on we can all get together tomorrow night, then these two can dish the dirt on the date," encouraged Charlie, Meg flashing him a smile to tell him she was on board.
* * *
Why hadn't he sent her a picture? His twitter profile was a shot of Baby looking real majestic in the sun and Dean Winchester didn't do selfies!
"You should invite him over to watch the game, leave a note for him on his door if you don't think you can ask him," she suggested which actually sounded like a good idea.
"You think he's trying to fleece you." Cas nods a mix of annoyance and upset playing across his face. "You should think about trying to find a nice mechanic." teases Dean.
"What's with more burgers anyway? Dean, there are other meats you know for example my Cajun lamb." he teases.
Cas he noticed was making his way over the distance nothing more than a few strides before he was in front of him wearing dark jeans and his work polo top with the Gas station's logo. "I hope it's okay I came over, um I brought these for you, we didn't have any pie left but these are pretty good." rambled Cas cutely.
"You came back!" exclaimed Henry. "My Dad's already here." Dean deciding it's time for introductions turns back to them, the words he could practically taste suddenly desolving. Due to his world zeroing down to the bluest eyes he has ever seen, nothing has ever been so blue, not the sky, sea or fucking sapphires.
"Can I drive him?" asks Dean worriedly.
"Benny, lunch is over, you finished on that pick-up yet?" he asked knowing his tone was far from his usual, he couldn't even look at Cas feeling like this. Like he wanted to hit one of his best friends.
"Is someone in trouble?"
"It's no problem Cas, I'm glad I didn't oversell it and it's to your liking." what the hell was that? Taking a breath Dean set his burger down, Cas did the same before they regarded each other calmly their hunger and excitement somewhat eased.
"Dean you do know him okay, so just start somewhere." taking her advice Dean looks around this time actually taking the shops in until his eyes fall on a little bookshop. Like Sam, Cas was always reading, he remembers how he didn't sneer at Dean's love of comics. Asking instead if he could borrow some.
"We could blow it off," suggested Sam.
"Go sit down and I'll bring you something over, my table's just over there." Cas points to the corner in the window that has a comfy sofa too.
"His name is Zachariah Milton." Cas let out a breath, one that seemed long-held, perhaps even longer than just tonight. Dean turned to find him swaying, moving quickly before his legs buckled Dean reached out for him.
"Oh hey Cas, are you busy? I can call back." he offered.
Next Chapter a kiss!!!
"A hot chocolate would have worked!" he screamed.
"Archangel?" muttered Dean having a moment of recognition.
He gets lost in the simple process of checking, his annoyances and other feelings falling away.
"Traditionally Turkey is a Thanksgiving food but we can have one if you want, I have one dish I need to make Gabe but I was thinking the works you know so a turkey, stuffing, roast potatoes and glazed ham," answered Sam while finding the correct tab displaying a delicious looking ham joint, predictably Dean's eyes glazed over to match. "Oh and the best part pigs in blankets,"
Sam was there for moral support, leaving Benny to pace like crazy outside with the rest of them. Otherwise things were going well Cas had gleefully quit his job at the Gas Station for afterschool shifts and early Saturdays at House of Carbs.
"No, I thought we could do up the garden, Cas could hook us up with plants and then we could go for a movie." finally the words were out, was it a good idea? It wasn't exactly a normal birthday activity.
Now what? Surely the moment was ruined?
"I do Sam, thank you, Gabriel's always had my back." Cas smiled feeling more than pleased he hadn't chosen a new book to read after finishing Hound of the Baskervilles, his eyes drawn to the bright yellow cover Cas picked up The Bees hoping he had a bookmark stashed in his locker.
“Gabe swap with Sam!”
"You ate my candy!" screamed Gabriel.
Currently, it sat in front of them on the picnic bench, unopened. After his announcement Dean had taken Cas carefully by the elbow leading him outside to the benches of the cafeteria courtyard.
"What's that one?" Henry asks eagerly pointing at a pot filled with blue flowers.
Castiel? What kind of name was that? Dean had heard many inventive names before, but none like this. Though it definitely suited the man standing before him. Trying not get entranced by those eyes he took a more overall look. He was about Dean's height, his body slight but not lacking definition, golden brown skin, and black sex hair. Dean had never looked at a man so closely before, he felt unable to tear his eyes away from the stunning stranger. Wait stunning, what the hell?
"Our Dad pays you for math?" asked Dean shocked.
Dean raised his eyebrows, "What does that mean?"
"Cas let me drive you home?" he offers not ready to say goodbye yet.
"Two please, so it's not so much Sam and Gabriel as just Gabriel?" Cas continued to prod.
* * *
"Dean, you're meant to be basking in the simple beauty,"
"I went to see Gabriel, then had dinner at The Roadhouse." Dean nodded hoping another fight wouldn't start.
Sam nodded, Dean had blatantly ignored his pleading to let Gabriel in on the plan to woo Cas, even the puppy eyes had been useless. He hated keeping secrets from Gabe because he wanted to share himself, he liked giving Gabriel the reigns. Mainly because he got too stuck in his head reading or freaking about getting the perfect test scores.
Castiel was deep into his book (Hound of the Baskervilles) when the door opened to Gabriel and Sam. "What are you guys doing here?" he asked happy to see them.
"There's pie down here." they didn't have to wait long for confirmation of his movement, how someone so small could be so loud was beyond Dean. Henry came crashing down the stairs, running crazily into the kitchen.
and a pretty terrible sexy scene.
His patience was at a zero, if he had to wait any longer he'd bottle it. Reaching the yellow door Dean knocked. Waiting felt like forever realistically he knew it was minutes and when the door finally opened revealing Cas with bed head wearing sleep trousers and a Nasa t-shirt it felt like seconds.
"Henry, I'm so glad I found you." said the voice. "Is someone coming to collect you?"
Growing up Dean remained the perfectly dutiful son, obeying his father and looking after Sammy, however, he still remembered the stories about angels his Mother told him before bed.
It had been a great decision.
He's holding out his hand like an idiot, words still failing him. He can feel Henry poking his leg, a second later everything's back, quick as hitting a switch. He smiles before attempting to speak. "I'm Dean Winchester, Mr Bumble I presume." the man smiles at him causing his eyes to twinkle, the sight causes a sort of flood to flow through his body. He has no idea what it means, only it suddenly feels like he's standing on a precipice. A reward waiting for him, if he's brave enough to fall.
Smiling Sam replies "No, but you need to be quiet. Give Cas some space, he may not want a hug yet, so ask first." Henry could do that, he was sure.
He smiled surprised she had even remembered having told her he was now coming by plane, they had started interacting ages ago when Dean commented on a post sharing favorite artists. She had taken a real liking to his handle name and complimented a few of his own drawings asking him to post more if he had any.
He couldn't remember if he'd ever known in the first place, or had he just forgotten. Either way, he still felt guilty, pushing his thoughts aside he grabbed his phone intending to do something he felt necessary. Pulling up a blank text he ran through possible sentences in his head.
"Gabriel took the last bag," Cas moved running to help her, "Charlie are you sure you need this much?" he asked.
Baking bread was his new love, the combined aroma of fresh bread and coffee was heavenly also making up with lost time with Meg was an added bonus. Occasionally he had to wrangle Gabriel out from under his feet, though never on a Saturday (Gabriel's prime sleeping time) weirdly his brother always had cash but no job as far as he knew, honestly he didn't want to know more at this point.
"To a baker's house, bold of you Winchester."
"Hey Dean, we're headed out for dinner with Mom and Dad," Dean couldn't stop his eyebrows climbing his forehead, this was news to him.
"So how did you get into gardening enough to forge a career out of it." Dean didn't really think much of his own accomplishments. To him, it was easy he'd hated school, his best part of the day was riding in Baby. He loved his car and cars like her, coming to live with Bobby enabled him to learn and lead to his own business once Bobby retired. But it was Dean and Dean alone who had started restoring old cars, carving a name for himself and a loyal growing client list.
Sighing, Dean nods, "Yes, okay it's Cas." his parents have no reaction to this, making him wonder if they knew before he did.
"Gabriel, this is Dean my boyfriend." said Cas taking over proceedings with an efficiency Dean found sexy, "Dean my older brother, Gabriel." with the man's attention off his candy and zeroing in on Dean he had the sudden feeling at being leered at.
Cas entered the Library happy to see Sam at their usual table, curiously holding court in the back were Meg, Alastair and Lilith seemingly engrossed in actual work.
"Heya Sammy, good weekend?" asked his boyfriend his eyes glittering with more mischief than usual.
"Yep got them, ah Gabe should all this flour be in here?" oh, that's where he'd put it.
"I'm not meant to like it," whispered Sam
"Alfie gave it to me, he found it in the library at lunch but thought it was too public to give it to me." so that was what Alfie had told Cas.
"I saw you two hugging, so I ran over," answered Cas leaving Dean to breathe a sigh of relief.
"Did Cas get hurt?"
Prehistoric creatures and space explorers do not mix well. Unless it's in Doctor Who.
"Yep, I got three tickets for 8pm."
"Charlie, I'm too old for this, too set in my ways." he protested running a hand through his hair.
"I, no, I don't," he tried wanting Gabriel to believe him.
"You know that's not true, his views on gay people, people like me were disgusting only he didn't seem to care about me. He put all that on you, Dean, it wasn't fair and way too much for a kid." Sam's voice while quiet was stern and he could see the effort it was taking him to hold himself in check, fists clenched at his sides he'd moved more centrally into the room away from any walls. Nothing but their Father and his work got Sam this angry.
The four of them trickled out into the garden Dean called Charlie over glancing around at the rest of his guests. Ash was with Jo, by the drinks as Benny manned the grill lightly quarreling with Victor, everyone else was either eating or drinking and enjoying the sun.
Had he? Perhaps but he wasn't taking Sammy's word for it at least not yet because he had a day out to organize.
“What if something happened with Sam?” he questioned.
"Yeah, it was work and a half getting him here, but now he's happy I persuaded him, say did he ask you about Dean?" Gabriel knew Cas hated his interfering but he just wanted his brother happy.
"There's more?"
He speaks before he can stop it coming out, his voice loud breaking the silence, "What the hell is going on here?" no one meets his eyes, Gabriel is the only one to move pointedly looking around the table.
Once their packages were safely ensconced in their room, Dean headed back down having left Sam to get their food. Since it was sunny they had decided to eat outside knowing the theme Mos Eisley Cantina would be packed and awkward to navigate especially through the many costumes.
"Look I'd love to believe me but you banned me from staying anything from Gabriel."
It may not be much to look at, but Dean has spent some of the best nights of his life here. It sure wasn't fancy but it was loved.
"Cool, so did you even come to School today?" asked Dean, his curiosity getting the better of him, it was obvious everyone tucking into breadsticks right now was in on today.
"Well the feeling is mutual, Henry is a really special kid." Castiel interjects. "He's welcome anytime at the center." its now Dean notices, seeing Cas is trying to be casual about it but for whatever reason, he's looking at his and Sam's hands.
"Am not," denied the human.
"Can't he wear something of yours Daddy?" pipes up Henry, and isn't that a helpful suggestion? No, it's terrifying, Dean's already been dealing with a shit load of weird reactions today. Won't this be another way to rock the boat?
Oh wow.
"Sorry, I can't believe I'm panicking over a cup of coffee." Dean may feel like an idiot but he also feels better from venting, all the while ignoring that (returning) blush, dammit.
"You what?" asked Cas and whether it was due to voice being a little louder than normal or they could just sense something coming silence fell.
"I like you, Sam," smiled Charlie as Sam threw her a wink in return, fuck, they were ganging up on him already.
Cas shifted a little, his thinking face engaged, "Oh, like some gang initiation, is she shedding her old alliances?"
"Oh shit," Cas listened as he heard a lot of muted swearing and clipped conversations meaning Gabriel was on the move, soon enough he heard his voice again, "Winchester, you seen the time?" shouted Gabriel.
The next morning Dean opens his eyes to sunshine, feeling too antsy to stay for breakfast Dean's out the door once he's dry from the shower. The tempting smells of Bobby's best pancakes not enough to make him stay.
Sitting like this, the three of them with himself and Cas fawning over photos, it feels like they're a family. It feels good, but does he want that?
"The other night?" queried Cas before understanding, "When we went to the movies? Nothing happened, it was fun." they had even enjoyed the movie which wasn't normally the case, their tastes were on opposite sides of the spectrum.
"What are you still doing here?" this time Dean heeds the words and leaves.
"They'll be fine with me Dean, I'll get them a drink and we'll mingle." Dean looked at Cas who nodded flashing that small cute smile of his.
"I don't want this going any further Bal, I'm not kissing you to sell this charade." just the thought of it made him shudder, he loved Bal as a friend, their sexual chemistry was zero.
"Hey, Gabriel invited me over for a food test," said Sam having explained his deal with Gabriel a few days ago. He didn't really know what to make of it but had definitely seen the changes in Sam, his brother was falling for the Novak baker.
"How buzzed exactly?" asked Kevin.
"Cas brought them, just keep them away from mine and we'll serve them with these." he points to black and white napkins. "My burgers in black Cas can have the white, that way it'll be clear when I win." Benny nods his understanding before gesturing to where Cas is in deep conversation with Gilda and Kevin.
"Writing used to be a hobby for me as well but no-one told it couldn't be more. Whoever has swayed you to believe that did you a disservice. The choice is yours, Dean, however, I've been informed that we live pretty close together, perhaps today is down to the power of the force." smirked Cas, oh God the man was using Star Wars to coax him into agreeing.
* * *
"Ratatooine, a play on ratatouille. Honestly, I got it mostly to mess with you but its actually really good." grinned Sam plunging his spoon back in and coming up all mushrooms, yuck.
Entering the double conference rooms (armed with lanyards, maps and an itinerary) on the morning of May fourth was blissful , they scored free Star Wars cupcakes on entry. Dean grabbing Chewbacca and getting Sam's BB8 once he'd finished his own. Guess there were some pretty cool advantages to having a brother like Sam, it certainly wasn't his vegetarian lasagne.
"That's okay, this is big but I'm here for you." after thanking her Dean went to make dinner needing the distraction cooking always brought him.
"Not if it means sitting next to this tall glass of water, I'm ever so thirsty," Cas rolled his eyes in a way that told Dean it was a common occurrence. Turning to look at Sam he saw his brother blushing followed by a remarkable impression of a goldfish.
"That's probably true, I'm not sure if you remember but Henry mentioned my Mom the day we were here. It got me thinking about her and it occurred that I couldn't remember her favorite flower, so I'm here looking for inspiration." Dean didn't really mean to say all that, personally he was blaming the man's gaze.
"Yeah, I was just thanking Benny for helping out with Hive," oh right of course because Cas was a decent person. Nice going Dean. "I came to see you as well," he added smiling that smile.
"Are you coming in?" asked Cas reaching in his pocket for his key before getting out of Baby.
"Already? I could drive you?" he asked hoping to spend more time with the man but not guilt tripping him into staying.
“Cas don’t worry about Sam we’ve been texting all day, I thought telling him about the date would cheer him up,” informed Alfie his cheeks blushing.
"I'm pretty sure he's doing that mainly to make me jealous," that a man some had to get Dean to see the light.
"Yes, absolutely," agreed Cas as Dean decided to bake up a batch of red velvet cupcakes with green frosting.
I find Zachariah really creepy, he makes a great bad guy.
“So what’s the plan now, please tell me you’re going for it with Cas?” asked Sam.
"Is this for your Dad?"
"Dude, gross!"
"No, um I don't need to see anything, Dean you've totally got this."
Currently on his radar were candy canes, gingerbread houses and Tom and Jerry cocktails.
"Don't be, I know Gabriel can be too much. You don't have a problem with him and Sam, do you?" Dean was shaking his head before Cas even finished.
"Possibly, Cas said it's good to talk to plants and I have been, but I thought it might want company from another plant. Something yellow or orange."
Oh yeah, and he'd sent the books today, books that Cas was looking at right now. Hopefully, he was deciding which one to read first assuming he liked them. Gift giving had never made him so nervous before.
"Um yeah, Cas wants me to take him out."
"Only if Cas wants me to know."
Was this why Sam wanted to tell Gabriel? Because keeping secrets from him hurt? Did Gabriel suspect something and was punishing him through whatever this is?
"Phew, that was close." sometimes his nephew had a love for the theatrics, Sam just raised an eyebrow at him. "Sorry I lied," he added ducking his head down, trying to look suitably chastised.
"Gabriel I just can't demand Dean take me out!" God, his brother was shameless.
"Did you check the library?" asked Cas watching Gabriel's face crease up in confusion.
"Here look at this," Cas hands his cell over with the picture of Sam and Gabe already loaded.
After the angels left Sam headed to his room leaving Dean to bury his head in Netflix.
"But you liked him, you were always flirting,"
"Let me think about it," Charlie nodded knowing not to push any further. He did really want to go knowing all that was stopping him was his anxiety, deciding to escape his head Cas returned to his book eager to finish.
"Oh, um I hadn't thought of that,"
"Wow, that's closer than I expected," God was it naive to think this was all meant to be.
"Gabriel has deemed the spruce five trees back the one," informed Cas rather eerily.
"For me?" Henry didn't even wait for an answer before throwing his arms around Cas much to the surprise of the man in question and Dean. The shock of it almost had Cas falling backward, once they were righted Dean approached grabbing the bag.
So he traipses the shops with no idea where to start, the possibility of offending Cas keeping him from making any purchases. Defeat finds him a lone chair in the coffee court drinking a creamy coffee shake thing with whipped cream.
"Correction, Cas brought a
"They can hold there own, believe me." threw back the gardener his eyes were sparkling and Dean was unable to turn away from the man. The kitchen quickly becoming silent until Sam broke it.
"On the condition he doesn't show you anymore pranks," declared Dean making a note to remind Gabriel of the rule.
"Okay hold it," he whispered in Cas' ear, before letting his hands fall from Cas' body, immediately they felt empty. "Open your eyes, Cas." standing by his side Dean watched as he did so, the action quickly followed by an intake of breath.
Working on cars is second nature now, allowing Dean to let his mind wander. He knows ignoring Cas isn't the answer, knew it even without sensing his brother's disappointed face through the phone.
"We have those inside if you're happy with the Shasta you with need a bigger home for both of them and fresh fertilizer. Will you be alright, I'm being signaled." Sam and Henry both looked up to find a young woman flailing her arms at Cas.
"Hey, can you watch Henry on Friday night?" asked Dean as Sam searched the freezer for iced treats
"I know you're turned on and yet won't be joining me in the shower," smirked Sam, oh shit that was a fucking backfire, sometimes big brother responsibilities were the worst.
"They're honey madeleines." Cas finally answers coming to stand next to Dean the familiar scent of his cologne filling the air. "Mr. Turner, it's great to see you." greets Cas on spotting him.
"Oh, I'm sure you can call her when we land." wow Cas sounded sad.
I decided to leave the bigger discussion and sexy times for the next chapter: Date Night. Since I haven't posted in ages I just want this to go up.
"Wow, Mom you look amazing," said Dean the others quickly adding their own words, John moving quickly to kiss her on the cheek.
"Daddy he's not going to tell us, Uncle Sammy you have to, please." begged Henry.
“Dean,” reprimanded Cas puzzled.
He gave a weak smile that didn't reach his eyes, "Better I'm here, did Alfie get his date?" Cas nodded happy to see Sam's eyes light up at the news.
"I'm starved, did you get my burger?" he asks taking a seat next to Sam whose response is to roll his eyes as Charlie presents him with a tray.
Dean felt weird, his sides were different temperatures the right was a little chilly whereas his right side felt warm and perfect. It smelled
"I'm okay, Gabriel,"
"For you to choose from, I think five pies is slightly too much which is saying something coming from me. So the two fruit ones are rhubarb and strawberry, and the classic apple, the cloud is peach and apricot, we have pecan caramel and lastly a chocolate marzipan swirl." Gabriel pointed at each one, making Dean more torn with each introduction.
"Alright I can admit Gabriel can fucking cook but how is he with desserts?" Dean watched Sam and Charlie share a look, one that showed zero surprise.
"Absolutely, so do we just start digging?" asked Dean watching as Henry facepalmed and Cas sent him a look.
Dean arrives home happy to see Cas' car in his spot, in fact, he couldn't remember being so happy to see a Prius before. Once, Baby, is safe Dean heads in, completely bypassing his floor heading to the one above, to Cas.
Cas looks worried, "Um, I'm not sure where I want to go, this wasn't meant to be so hard." confided Cas his frustration obvious.
"Well let me help, any of these strike you?" Dean asks, his son shakes his head all prior enthusiasm gone. In fact, he's pretty sure Henry is only agreeing until the wonderous Mr Bumble reappears.
"Yeah," he wanted to only that hadn't really been why he was had left work to come here. "No, um I mean yes but..."
Currently, Dean could see nothing but a white cloud of flour and the sound of laughter from three different people, "You absolute fuc...fools," cried out Dean quickly correcting his language.
"Hey Cas, Henry's asleep." he answered.
Whatever was in the box, Dean felt certain it wasn't anything good.
"Wow, Dean that's low, I'm not going to say and you'll thank me when you can still run up the stairs without collapsing." Sam pushed his unfinished plate to Henry, now he was getting all defensive under the guise of keeping Dean trim (please he still had a hot bod and knew it) could his little brother have a crush, on a baker? If so Dean would support it wholeheartedly.
"Sammy, that Car is our entire childhood, she's an honorary Winchester. You'd better apologize for being so crass when we get home."
Sam chuckled. "See you soon," he spoke before ending the call.
Maybe he's overreacting, Bobby pays him well and it's not like he's going to be here every day. Only he has bills and likes giving money to Sam: no matter how much the kid protests it, Dean is the big brother.
"Think you may have been watching a little too much TV, Cas," teased Gabriel.
Henry jolted awake, the familiar sound of the Impala pulling him from pleasant dreams. Pushing back his covers he runs to the window, catching a glimpse of his Dad's car driving away fast.
"Yo, Bro! You here yet?" answered Gabriel.
For once Castiel was proud of his brother's reputation, though he’d keep it to himself.
"I'm a paying customer." protested Bal shaking his bag of Cheetos at him. "Besides the night is still young."
"Oh yeah! This is the place," Dean turned to find a small man with golden hair and even more striking golden eyes clutching a bag of fun size 100 Grand bars. "Cassie I found them with your dress shirts, thank God! Couldn't locate my musketeers though."
He'd never said no, which Dean appreciated. Dean found he was really beginning to like Cas, how his texts were always proper sentences including fucking capitalization and shit. It felt like he was making a new friend which hadn't happened in a while.
Even with the extra hour, the place was packed, it was done up like a nerds dream. Wherever Dean looked he saw posters of new releases for films, graphic novels, books and gaming.
Understanding the clue Cas walked over to the peanut butter (crunchy) where between jars he found a rolled piece of paper with a bee decorated ribbon, instantly reminded of a scroll something he had always found romantic.
* * *
"I'm a whiz I'm not rainman!" exclaimed Gabriel blushing from all the eyes on him, Cas noted its weirdness his brother was no stranger to attention normally he'd lap it up and look for seconds but perhaps this was a different sort.
During introductions Dean did his best to ignore the flirty and suggestive looks from Benny, taking it upon himself to call out the rules before a stampede of hungry people bombarded them.
"Dean, I don't care about any of that stuff okay. I just want you and your brother happy." John gets his word across with a strong shoulder grip.
"Car trouble?"
"Dean come and look at everything!" demanded Cas as Sam left with Gabriel to the kitchen.
"Humans can create simply beauty very well," stated Cas.
"Thank you Cas, I love it." after Dean and Sam gave their thanks along with Henry's they headed out for the cinema.
"Hey I promised to keep it a secret from the general public not your own brother," said Sam placing a kiss to Gabriel's cheek.
A sudden moan pulls Dean out of his head, oh fuck, the worries about Cas liking his food are gone at least. Now he's more worried about what reactions those noises are going to do to him. "Shall we watch the game?"
"I know Cas, only I didn't send it."
* * *
"He told me: a sandwich, Thanos living like the BFG, selfie and flowers." Dean let out a chuckle thinking he wouldn't have picked any of those, the second one was kinda funny. "I'm only doing a fan meet tomorrow, would you like to go shopping with me?" Dean reacted quicker than his brain could stop the look of horror crossing his face, "To clarify I'm shopping for comics, I catch up after finishing a book."
"Yes Daddy, I'm sorry Cas it's just really funny." Dean flashed an apologetic look at Cas before addressing Henry once more.
* * *
Cas could only agree before burying his head in his hands, he really wished he could have his brothers attitude at times. Gabriel would lap up this kind of attention, bragging about it to all and sundry whereas Cas felt adrift.
Thanks mainly to Bobby being a softie (tell no one) they're staying at The Elysian Fields Hotel where the convention is taking place. A major perk being they get access to everything an hour earlier than day pass holders.
"You know it." stared Gabriel.
He'd kept a good distance to avoid being seen only it meant he couldn't hear a word being said. Which basically was torture, now he had no choice to walk to his usual table, a table that was already hosting, Charlie, Ash, Sammy, Gabriel and Cas.
She wanted him to come along, only Cas had seen them for what they really were having been at the hands of bullies many times. Alistair and the others hadn't done anything yet apart from the few glares he felt now and then, soon his good luck would run out and he didn't want to give them any ammunition.
"Yeah, sorry lost in thought, are you ready to go?" Dean nodded smiling, they'd seen everything, Dean had even been lucky enough to swap cards with a few people. Cas wondered if Dean was eager to get back to Henry, no doubt wary about Gabriel's influence.
"No Bal, I don't want things getting any weirder, it's bad enough Gabriel asked him to fix my car. Look I'll see you tomorrow, okay." thankfully he obliged, with a quick hug he was gone. The next half hour passed with a steady stream of customers: most stopping for petrol, the occasional half dead flower purchase and luckily only one alcohol sale meaning he'd had to interrupt his bosses Netflix perusal.
"Any luck so far?" Dean shook his head in answer. liking that Cas ignored the obvious question.
"Hey I don't need you arranging dates like a toddler!" the voice made Gabriel a little weak in the knees, God, what an accent.
"No."
Sam never would have believed it anyhow, his brother had the brains.
"Awesome, me and Uncle Sammy are going to have a cool time." Dean looks up at his son.
"But he raised you, doesn't that mean anything?" asked Cas hoping he wasn't hurting her with the question.
Cas felt a little adrift, “I don’t understand! All week everyone’s been weird, I haven’t seen you with Alistair of Lillith once,”
"Before that becomes a topic let's get these pizzas cooking or we'll go hungry," cried Meg.
Dean smiled back knowing he was blushing, "I didn't think you'd be this way, Oh God sorry that sounded so rude, it's just you're different." clarified Dean.
"I heard the Impala, Daddy's coming back isn't he?" he watches something flash in his Uncle's eyes before he closes them taking a breath.
"Other there," Cas waved his spoon holding hand behind him, "It's a spiced Cranberry infusion jello, Dean everything tastes so good with my enhanced receptors," explained Cas digging in for more.
"Oh wow, really? I'd like that thanks Boss." Dean smiles thinking Aaron and Kevin will get on.
good, cinnamon and coconut all deep and fresh.
(See the end of the chapter for
More excitingly his car was almost fixed, watching Dean get greasy in a tight white vest was an exercise in torture. So he had willingly distracted himself by asking to help so now he knew more about cars than he would have ever believed.
"Told you so,"
This chapter took ages, I hope you like it.
His eyes shift to Sam as he stands to gather their dishes he shoots his brother a look of thanks, not being good at the emotional crap Dean finds it easier without an audience. "I'm sorry Henry, you shouldn't care what I or anyone else thinks okay. If you like plants, that's all that matters, I just want you to be happy." Dean kisses the top of his son's head, unsure of how long he can get away with things like that.
"Yet bet, Dean-o," shouted Gabriel pulling something small and wrapped in blue from his pocket before throwing it Dean's way.
It took a little longer than expected because his room was a complete mess (Dad's words) it wasn't that bad, Daddy was just too tidy. Finally locating what he needed Henry grabbed one of his astronauts (sorry Chomps) since space travelers were good for inspiration and headed back downstairs.
"Cas?" blinking back to the present he found Sam looking at him, "Do you need me to call anyone about Hive?"
"There's never too much candy!" he screamed sending Bal a frightful glare. "You want answers Cassie, I'll get them for you." Oh God, why should that sound so unsettling.
Are you sure Cas?" checked Dean though desperate to know where they were going he could wait a little longer. Receiving a nod from Cas had him tearing into the envelope, the contents made him break out into a smile.
"Would you like to join us? We're watching Star Wars and a Christmas Movie," hell yes a double feature.
Dean hadn't allowed himself to think past the end of his gift giving, Bobby had offered to have the parts for Cas' car fast-tracked but he'd refused, wanting to give himself more time.
"Thanks, Samheart, now let's go check out the DVDs!"
"Yeah Benny show some respect." it's now Dean wonders why he invited them, so he could mingle (spend time with Cas) while they managed the grill, good one Dean.
Cas glanced once again at the wall clock everyone had made it pretty much on time whereas Dean, Sam and Gabriel were still absent.
Making his way to the front he shot Ruby an apologetic glance before opening the door to let Gabriel in, "What are you doing up?" asked Cas slightly flummoxed.
"Gabe?" Cas couldn't help but wonder if he knew something.
"A fair few I suppose, I can hit a few before picking up Henry and coming to Hive." his mind went back to earlier, pies would most definitely get him sidetracked like Baby so he quickly set an alarm on his phone. "You don't know of any do you?" Dean had practically been asking everyone he could.
"Good evening, Hive Gardens." Dean sat down on the couch his eyes going wide and worry flaring in his stomach.
"So have you spoke to him yet?" Dean closed his eyes while doing his best not to sigh. Sammy meant well but it was just so hard.
Hopping out of his hated yet child appropriate car, Dean makes his way over to the glass structure. The first rays of sun hitting it as he approaches. It looks and feels welcoming, for the first time he takes particular notice of the sign high above the sliding doors.
Gabriel who was a constant texter replied by ringing his phone, "Yo Bro, sorry can't text I'm a little tied up."
* * *
Gabriel made that go away, before getting together Sam had felt like jelly around the guy and after becoming a couple it was the same but different. A quick internet search had him down the submissive rabbit hole (though nothing hardcore, thank you) luckily Gabriel had been quick to figure things out and was totally on board, with necessary rules.
The time for being a Grinch was over.
"Hello Dean," smiles Cas as if this is an everyday event, Dean watches dumbfounded as Cas moves around putting dishes away before his eyes notice the light coming from the oven.
"Dean what the hell was that?" he asked only to be met with a groan from his older brother.
"Really?" asked Gabriel his eyes wide in shock.
It was quiet moments like this when Cas couldn't deny his feelings for Dean, he watched him for a few moments more before Dean turned around a big welcoming smile adorning his face and those beautiful green eyes staring at him.
"It's only dawning on me that perhaps I struggled more than him, Gabriel was always the more social of us, more daring and open." Dean saw that Gabriel was completely different to Sammy as well but they worked, at least Dean hoped so anyway. Hopefully, with them all pitching in it would, Henry had even found candy themed plants.
"Cher, my what a lovely surprise!" even for Benny that was laying it on a little thick, looking Dean found his (supposed) friend speaking to Cas.
"That's something you've both struggled with, right?" Cas nodded.
Everyone took their pizzas outside Gabriel basically losing his shit over the pretty garden strewn with cute tables and fairy lights, "Right I want date details now," he demanded choosing not to pass comment.
"I'll remember that the next time you want some pie." Dean jokes as Henry looks at him in horror, Henry's love for pie is as strong as his father's. "Can I drop you guys off somewhere?" he asks as they head outside.
His mouth snaps shut at the man in front of him, it's not Cas, rather an extremely attractive man in an expensive suit.
Letting out a sigh, Dean hopes for calm knowing Charlie is only being obtuse to rile him up, it's kind of their thing. "No, it's no one's birthday, I like him okay." he was the least worried about her reaction (there had been a few comments, turns out he was the obtuse one) they're best friends and in her own words she's hella gay, though he'd wished for less screaming.
"No shopping?" Gabriel smirked at him moving closer so he could plant a quick kiss on his lips before burying his face in Sam's neck, peppering it with more kisses, Sam whimpered hoping the secret wouldn't spill. "God, Baby you smell so good."
"So Sam could be in the library,"
"Hey! I did my throwing up before I went to sleep," protested Dean dipping a slice of bread in his egg before continuing, "Gabriel is just so cunning, like all the time."
This information had Cesar clapping his hands, "I told you, Jesse, I had a good feeling the moment I saw her say Dean are you a professional?"
"Um, I don't know Sam just told me about it. They both got the candy covered, that's for sure," he informed since someone had to save Gabriel from himself, might as well be him.
"So Dean did you give Kevin a job yet?" Sam's question had him looking away from Cas, finding Kevin looking really uncomfortable. How long had he been staring at Cas for?
Dean meets Gabriel.
"It's sweet and you'll get no further information out of me, so you'd better walk me around this garden." Dean jumped from his seat, finding this commanding Cas very interesting.
It's not fair to keep him in the dark like a secret. If what Sam hopes is happening between them is then he wants Dean to meet him. Plus Dean will be a fucking cash in for the bakery. He may have stopped trying to trip Sam into a reveal, but that didn't stop the sad eyes whenever he ate a pie that wasn't Gabriel's.
Sam ran his hands through his hair, oh boy that was his stressed signal, "Dean, Gabriel went to get Cas, he's coming over, now."
"Morning Henry, Dean," greeted his brother, Cassie was still so formal.
“Me too, they’re very important to Santa so need to be represented and look at all the tinsel and baubles!"
Once there was a lull in the queue, Charlie came back passing him a cup of coffee he hadn't noticed until now. "So how was the flight?" Oh God, how he wished he had driven, stupid cheap flights and puppy-eyed Sam.
"Cas, are you okay? Oh shit, is this freaking you out?" asked Sam the concern clear on his face.
Luckily now was the time Bobby and Ellen turned up along with Rufus. After apologizing for not arriving sooner they head over to Sam, (Rufus remaining near the pie because he's no idiot) no doubt to chew him out over his lack of visibility in recent weeks. The kid looks suitably chastised before he's pulled into a hug by Ellen which is no mean feat.
Nodding his agreement Dean sat happily watching her greet fans, joking along and giving them attention. She made sure to give her time, never rushing, he liked that very much.
"What are we...," Cas trailed off feeling his eyes fill with unshed tears.
"Yeah, like what?" a burst of warmth filled him at Henry's look of glee.
On nights when their father would leave them alone in the motel of the week, Sam would request an Angel story asking so often Dean had started making up his own suspecting Sam knew.
"You're right, so what do I do?" he asked itching to get that coffee into him.
"My father found out he wasn't really my Dad, you know biologically. With that bit of information he ditched me at my Aunts and took off, I haven't heard a peep from him since." Meg delivered the news in a very monotone voice taking a sip of coffee once she was done.
What the hell was he meant to with his hands? Cas giggled making it obvious it was a thought loud enough to hear.
Dean hits the doorbell ignoring the trepidation fizzing in his stomach, he certainly wasn't expecting Cas to open the door nor was he ready for it. Laying eyes on him was wonderful after giving him some space with texts their only communication.
"Hey," greeted Sam looking how he felt.
"Hey, where've you been?" he asked getting up to follow Sam into the kitchen.
The only snag, they were late booking flights as Dean battled through the pros and cons of going ahead with it that they were unable to get seats together. Settling instead for second best, Sam would be sitting in front of Dean though with any luck at least one of their neighbors would be happy to swap.
"Henry, hurry up!" ignoring the plea for speed Henry continued his search. Picking something to cheer Cas up was no easy matter his first thought had been Chomps, obviously. An option that was looking more likely, weirdly he didn't have any garden themed soft toys if that was even a thing.
"I hoped it was you, Dean," oh wow, he did have a shot. What would that be like, no this was no time to get ahead of himself.
The empty car lot meant he'd beat the cops, and he sure as hell wasn't waiting for them. Stepping through the door that the intruder had breached, Dean's shoes crunched loudly on broken glass. From their phone call, he knew Cas was in his office, knowing he would have been smart enough to stay there Dean headed in that direction.
"Benny, are you a bear?" he heard Dean ask, God Cassie really had his work cut out with this one, refraining only just from playing whack-a-desk with his forehead again Gabriel cut in.
"Honestly, that's the place." Sam wanted to say he owed his quasi-boyfriend a favor by knew better to mention it.
Waiting that never stopped, because he still hadn't seen Cas.
"None, you should leave soon before my boss tosses you out."
Silence again so Sam answered, "He does her work in his class, he sweet talked the teachers."
"Hey, I hope you guys don't have plans for tonight!" screamed Charlie.
He fucking lost!
"How about a date, Friday night? We could go out or I could cook and we can talk some more," suggested Cas.
Which says a lot, though Bobby is nice enough not to comment, giving him a quick hug instead. The drive home grounds him, something Baby never fails to do.
"Definitely."
He waited until another customer entered, moving quickly to follow them in. It was a nice spot, a door with huge glass windows on either side. The inside was bright and cheerful, splashes of color never clashing. No doubt the best feature was the wraparound chalkboard at an obvious height for children, Henry would have a field day when he brought him next time.
"Oh, we are?" teased Dean, Cas nodded reaching to take Dean's hand, smiling Dean said, "I suppose I should give you my final gift,"
"Right ready to get started?" called Cas as if they were his troops, Henry certainly thought so he was standing straight and sporting a serious expression. Such a sight had Dean unable to keep his smile at bay.
"Alfie said to thank you for being there, how are you feeling?"
"Charlie, get me a couch," he says putting the phone down on her cheers of excitement.
"Brothers," said Cas shaking his head but it got a giggle out of Sam and weird looks from the other two because they had no idea they were doing it.
"That was the pilot, Dean," informed Cas, oh right, Dean was beginning to suspect whatever Ash had given him was starting to take effect. "How are you feeling?" asked Cas.
"It's Cas."
Cas gave his Gabriel eye roll, "Probably because they're ten or more years younger than you." Gabriel's eyes went wide as he placed a hand dramatically against his chest.
"Has Meg approached you?" he asked feeling better when Sam shook his head. Sam had been as much Meg's friend as Cas, all of them sharing a dry sense of humor no-one else understood until in Dean's words Meg had been seduced by the dark side.
Pizza doesn't need to come with a side of righteousness.
"He's a little upset after hearing everything I said," Cas caught Dean's eyes nodding his go ahead for Dean to head over to his brother.
"Well that's a damn shame, remind me not to eat there and never to tell Sammy. The place sounds like his own personal Heaven." for some reason Cas gave him a blinding smile, making Dean's heart flutter.
Did Cas know what he'd done? No, of course not that was silly. Unless did gay people really have gaydar? Was that a real thing? Could Cas look at him and see his ever-changing feelings?
Star Wars
"You will, feel free to explore." he encouraged, and no sooner did Cas descend the steps to lose himself in the flower garden. A far cry from a usual garden though, it was massive containing flower beds arranged in intricate designs, towards the far back were fruit plants and trees. Flower arches stood tall and blooming. Sections were split for different flowers that changed season to season. Bang in the center were several benches where Dean could see Cas now, obviously overwhelmed at what to look at first.
"Only like the best ever, this place is awesome and Mr Bumble is so cool and funny." rushed Henry excitedly, Dean just felt sorry that someone was called Bumble, no wonder this place seemed to have a bee theme. "Mr Bumble said he'd help me but he had to go." he offered forlornly.
Smiling to himself, Dean made his way down to the center, "Need some company?" he asked finding Cas with tears in his eyes. Oh God, had he messed up or something, he was meant to cheering Cas up not causing him distress, good job Dean.
"We're together now, so it doesn't matter,"
"Good for me," Cas looked pale, "I shouldn't be so freaked out,"
"No Cas, it was a joke, besides you do enough with Henry. I can't take up anymore of your time or you'll get bored." Dean closed his eyes, what the hell did he mean by that?
"That would be so awesome, Cas. But don't tell anyone or Charlie and Sam will want to crash," warned Dean.
Dean had been tying himself up in knots the entire evening, he wanted to run something by Sam. Only he couldn't get the words past his tongue. It hadn't been too bad at first since he couldn't bring it up in front of Henry, it could be ignored. However, Henry had been in bed for over an hour and he still couldn't get the words out.
"Hey Cas," Gabriel watched Dean check out his brother, he was subtle about it but Gabriel never missed anything.
"He's ok, Henry. The police came and took the person away." tried Dean really not wanting to get into all the details, before anything else could be said a door opened expelling Jody followed by Cas.
"Should we warn him?"
"Um, I'm sort of lacking in experience," admitted Dean wishing the ground would swallow him up.
"Dude, what is that?" is asked finally biting into his very meaty burger, damn it was good.
"Yeah, I want your thoughts on the pie." after saying goodbye Dean noticed a text waiting for him from Sam:
Hours later Dean is finally done, coming through the shop Dean finds Cas and Henry where, until now he had avoided: The home of gnomes and fairy statues. He couldn't fault the display it was a little off to the side in the corner stood a teardrop chair big enough for two (currently occupied by Cas and Henry); decorated with fairy lights and the aforementioned statues.
Immediately Dean's eyes went to his brother, due to his love of rabbit food. Only Sammy wasn't eating, still confused he caught another glance this time from Cas and in a desperate attempt not to get caught up in those baby blues he forced his gaze in the same direction.
"You okay Egg?" Henry nodded clutching his new plant tightly and becoming quiet. They went in search of everything they needed, the task is slightly hindered by Henry: who unable to keep a level head in such a paradise kept getting distracted by all the different plants and tools. It didn't bother Sam, anything to get the kid smiling again.
“Want to start without them?" asks Dean watching as Cas nods before looking guiltily toward the kitchen, "Did they get any lights?" tempts Dean again only this time successfully as Cas bounds over with several different options.
Once safely ensconced in the downstairs bathroom Gabriel took a few deep breaths and splashed his face in cold water. It wasn't long before there was a knock on the door.
"Is Henry's cactus surviving?" asked Cas obviously needing a moment.
Also, Charlie was somewhat famous, not to most people but to Dean she is the best at what she does.
The sound of their retreating footsteps caused silence to bloom, once again Dean felt helpless. What could he say? Anything would be better than silence else it would reign forever, ok here goes.
Laptop in hand he settled on his bed to do what he always did when he felt confused or didn’t understand something: research.
What the hell?
"Thank you, again." still refusing to look, Dean, watched until Benny had gone before turning to Cas and those blue eyes.
"I see traveling hasn't improved your humor," he commented. "Henry is all about plants these days, Cas is responsible for the garden you can talk to him about it later."
"Meg where's your Aunt?" asked Gabriel.
Amongst these texts were details of what time to arrive today with an invite for Kevin if he was free, Dean hoped another familiar face would help Cas be at ease. Another reason was he wanted to meet him, after Cas' suggestion of hiring him Dean hadn't moved things forward at all.
"Come on Dean, you've had plenty of man crushes." maybe that was true, Charlie had been the first to tell him his obsession with Harrison Ford was more than just appreciation of his acting skills.
Waiting a minute to get his breath back and control of his heart he follows, Cas' apartment is larger and comes with a balcony. He had wondered why Cas was living here considering his job, the answer had been simply because he likes it.
Before Dean could stop himself the words had already escaped. "He did?" Dean silently cursed at himself, he didn't need to give his brother any more ammunition.
Once inside he can see it's nicely decorated in warm colors, comfy chairs and what he supposes is nice art. He glances up at the board above with the drinks list, oh if he had wanted written proof he shouldn't have come inside its staring at him in black and white.
"Gabriel, I think you're good for Sam and I really can't see you two fizzling out, ever." any responses were interrupted by the door opening, Mary stepped out of the house in a deep green dress.
"Yeah, I'm sorry for um, keeping my distance," replied Dean unsurprised that his hand was already on his neck.
Dean was feeling a little up against it himself, watching the entire catalog of videos by JoyChasers Dean was obsessing over the perfect gift for Cas, Sam would be happy with some books and he could just bake Gabriel a cake or find something antique.
After cleaning up with Sam, Dean heads up to his room and straight for his stash of money that Sam doesn't know about. Uncle Bobby was nice enough to give him a job fixing cars, he enjoys it but perhaps not enough to be a long-term thing.
The others all oohed and ahhed
"All relationships come with risk, Dean. The secret is communication, you guys just need to talk to each other,"
"It's a Felicia Daisy, do you like it?" Castiel reaches for it passing it to Henry.
* * *
Then suddenly like he's been prodded, he jumps up his body acting of its own accord. At least that's what it feels like. "Hey Cas, over here man." he shouts making sure to get the man's attention. Dean feels his knees weaken when Castiel looks at him, a smile breaking out on his face. Dean waves back in acknowledgment sitting back down, while Castiel places his order.
"Sammy, I'm not paranoid and your father is legit scary." moaned Gabriel looking unimpressed when both Sam and Dean laughed.
Dean's about to follow her when he spots a car coming toward his driveway, it's Cas and Kevin in a gold 1978 Lincoln Continental. The thing is a pimpmobile, he watches as they get out Cas carrying a cooler and Kevin a small Tupperware box.
"No idea, he's probably all a tither over some book or something," replied Dean shrugging his shoulders.
It took Meg a while to reach that level, not naturally she kept her water bottle filled with cheap vodka and swallowed it down with pills. The bell above the door pulled her from her thoughts straight into shock at the sight of Sam and Gabriel.
"Well, that put him in a good mood." Dean couldn't answer yet, he was in a sort of tailspin. "You will call Cas, won't you?" finally he met his brother's eyes and nodded knowing it was the right decision by Sam's beaming smile.
"You should before it's too late, Dean this week I met someone and it was amazing. We agreed it would be casual only it wasn't, not really and now he's gone." Sam still couldn't believe how much it hurt or how quickly he'd fallen.
"They've been expelled," Alfie delivered the news with a big grin as screams of excitement rang out, only Meg stayed silent seeming too shocked to speak.
* * *
"So basically you're saying I'm already screwing up, you really need to up your pep talk skills Bobby,"
His whole team was here - already forewarned to be on their best behavior - setting up in the garden as Dean checked his supplies hoping he'd had enough alcohol, Benny was still down after his break-up and the man could drink at the best of times, Victor too.
"Normally I'd bite your hand off, only you promised me this place had the best cheeseburgers." oh fuck, Cas not only liked cars but cheeseburgers too. He was perfect, and Dean could see their friendship being a success, it thrilled him.
"Yeah, I think it looks real pretty with the raspberry," answered Henry blushing.
Leaving Benny and Victor to it and wanting to escape his feelings Dean walks over to speak to Gadreel and his newest recruit Aaron.
"Yeah, Aunt Ruby is a blast and I love working at the bakery, actually I can get you a job there if you want."
The day had been a success and Cas had really enjoyed the impromptu movie marathon. It had been fun, a few people had stayed remaining quiet to heed Charlie's warning. Cas had loved the films choosing to sit next to Dean(screw you Benny), remaining close the whole time.
"No doubt, it was interesting to meet you, Dean," yeah right, he wasn't returning those platitudes until he knew what was going on. Silence reigned until they were alone, Cas taking the first step.
"Don't encourage him, Henry," said Dean ruffling the boy's hair who quickly shoved his Dad away.
"I'd love to hear how Henry's getting on, but only if you're comfortable with that. I must be going it was nice meeting you Sam, my cell number is on the card I gave you, I'd love to hear from you... and Henry of course." he adds making a hasty exit before either brother can reply.
"What's up?"
"Well, how can I say no to that." Dean felt happy having thought it would be harder to get Cas to agree, he leads him back to the car wishing he had Baby to drive. Damn Sam and his green attitude.
"My advice keep it simple." right he could do that, it was probably best not to waffle on. In fact, Dean hadn't been around Cas since he'd realized how he felt, or since his date with Balthazar.
"Cool, the panel is at two thirty so see you at lunch?" asked Dean hoping to downplay his excitement, desperately hoping for a Star Wars themed lunch while thinking it could be a rather tall order.
Sam nodded and both of them cut their tattoo through the center.
"I'm sorry Dean, that couldn't have been easy, but Henry's such a happy curious little boy. You should be proud." Cas' eyes never look away as if to make sure Dean knows he's speaking the truth.
"I hope it makes you feel better, I've had some ideas for the kids day." Henry smiled looking hopeful, which had Cas smiling since these were questions he could and wanted to answer.
"Marzipan?" he asked, that was a new one for him.
"Dean," Cas called making him turn back his eyes already raised at the assumed protest. "Thank you, I know you probably don't think so but you're special." feeling his cheeks blush along with that familiar swoopy feeling Dean hurried away.
"Could you manage a contract like mine?" Cas sounds serious but he can't actually be serious, can he?
Luckily it was a short walk, opening his office door his first thought was regret about not having a couch. It seemed Cas wanted to talk, but surely having a desk between them would be too impersonal.
He hadn't thought about getting any beers in, preferring to do his drinking outside of his apartment. On some level, he worries about becoming like John, that one day he'll go the way of his father and lose his hurt at the bottom of a bottle. Still, one six pack wouldn't have hurt.
"It wasn't but I still had Sammy." the love and pride in his voice unmistakable. "You mentioned a brother earlier, do you have any other family here Cas?" he asked wanting to know more about the man.
"Right, so you had a good day?" asked Cas showing of that small cute smile has Dean breaking, because truthfully he wants this more than anything and he doesn't want to monitor himself every second.
"We made it for you." uttered Sam "It was a gesture."
Softly placing his hand on Cas' shoulder, Dean found Cas' beautiful blue eyes. "I'm not going anywhere, Angel. I promise." Cas nodded allowing Dean to get up, moving a short distance so Cas could still see him. Pulling out his phone Dean made his first call.
"I did!" declares Henry, "I wanted us to look at them all together." Henry leaps up from the teardrop chair, "Daddy sit here, and I'll sit on you."
"It's just Henry, you made quite the impression." answers Sam smiling. "Right Dean?" he looks over questioningly as if expecting him to talk, can't he tell Dean is having some serious issues right now. But why? He's hardly known for being shy, this isn't him.
Weight falling on the bed pulled Sam from his memories as Gabriel lay down next to him, though nervous Sam immediately moved closer until Gabriel wrapped his arm around him pulling closer.
"What are you doing?"
Stranger still was Meg, he wasn’t privy to all what had been discussed between herself, Sam and Gabriel. Only that she refused to be part of the prank and believed it wouldn’t go ahead without her. All week at school he'd seen her mainly by herself and always working, certainly nowhere near Alistair and Lillith at times he’d noticed her with Sam, Charlie and even Gabriel. He wanted to speak to her badly but she needed to be the one to make the first move.
"Really? I'd like that, Cas," smiled Dean.
"Yeah, it's grated and mixed into the white chocolate. Would you like to try a slice?" Dean shook his head, for the moment he didn't want to see the pie cut into it was too pretty.
* * *
"Sammy, this pie is from the Gods. Where the hell did you get this?" Dean reached for the box looking it over for clues, as Sam finally took a bite of his own slice, Henry who had practically inhaled his was eyeing it greedily.
"Got it, Bro,"
“I always pictured him to be a blabbermouth, guess he’s a big brother after all,” Dean's compliment had Sam smiling.
"Um, well sorry Cassie only Sammy was taking a nap and I couldn't bare to wake him when he looked all snug and cute," rambled Gabriel as Sam blushed and Dean looked like he wanted away from the whole thing.
"Help? No, Cas you're the guest." it still took a moment for Dean to be sure his legs could walk, once he did he was away. Dean gently placed everything in the sink refusing to slam it like he really wanted to since Cas would hear.
The answer, Gabriel had gussied her up with fairy lights, mistletoe and snow spray.
"What treachery is this? asks Gabriel entering the room with a floating tray holding four mugs filled with hot chocolate, marshmallows and cream.
"Egg this is perfect, fancy a trip to Hive?"
"Hey, Clarence!" Cas reacted fast, grabbing the stickers along with the tag shoving them in his pocket trying not to look intimidated, trust Meg to catch him now. "Ooh, is little goody two shoes stealing?" she asked sounding delighted.
"Charming," Dean winked at him before walking away.
"You do, really?"
"Don't look so scared, Kiddo, I can be a gentleman at least until you tell me otherwise."
"Dean, I'm gonna go home." Dean feels surprised by how much this bothers him, Cas has been such a big part of today that it would be weird without him.
The very action gave Dean worry.
"Has he been panicking?"
"I would love to Henry, I thought I'd be done today but we received our delivery early. I'm sorry." Dean could swear he saw Cas tense a little over those words, only it was gone before he was certain.
Dean nodded, "I tried myself to go slow, I don't think it's really been part of my hookups before, normally both of us were just sprinting to the finish line."
"And the rest of us slightly nauseous, join us on the couch for a movie afterwards, it's going to be Elf, come on Cas," said Dean pulling his angel away.
"In the corner opposite the stairs, so it'll be the first thing we see coming home," answered Cas.
Gabriel pulled a freshly baked apple pie out of the oven to the rapt attention of Henry, "Wow Kid, I'm certainly more than impressed with your pie making skills, what else would you like to make?" asked Gabriel watching Henry's eyes go wide and Sam cleared the mess to make room for the pie.
Walking back to his car, fishing out the keys from his pocket Dean opens the boot grabbing the spare overall he keeps there. Once he's suitably fitted out Dean heads for the troublesome vehicle popping the hood.
"Back to Dean, I do like him but he's young and I think he's had a bad time of it." Cas couldn't be certain for sure it was just something he was sensing.
"Can't he do that himself?" asked Dean feeling it was unfair.
"Yep," she replied popping the p, "I'm Charlie, truth be told I'm only doing this to help out a friend and because my Angel loves the costume,"
Oh My God! It looks and smells divine, the bun is charcoal black with the Death Star design imprinted on the top, inside is a thick beef patty topped with rich BBQ pulled pork and luckily no frigging salad.
Thinking it wise to keep his suspicions to himself, Dean leveled a glare at his brother, one that said: You've crossed a line. "Well you just wait, the next time I find a really good salad bar I'll do the same thing." he threatened, he reasoned it would have been more effective if he hadn't shuddered on the word salad.
"Can't you call him or something?" ventured Dean.
"Michael?" that was the second time tonight that name had cropped up.
"Doubtful, it'll get worse." says the man whose almost as tall as Sam, he's been working at Winchester Auto for almost a year. Dean likes him a lot because he's well-meaning and can appreciate silence.
"That little shit!"
"I glanced," replied Dean, opening the back door for Cas to get out only to be pulled in, "Cas! What the hell?"
"Oh God, I don't have overdue books do I?" asked Cas alarmed for Ms Moseley was not to be trifled with under any circumstances.
One changed noticed but in no way discussed by the brothers was the constant accumulation of decorations. It seemed whenever they went out for groceries whether together or alone a new decoration would come back with the food.
Times where he had learned that Cas liked bees (of all things), that he wanted a cat and they shared a love of burgers. He was a little taller than Dean, with black hair and striking blue eyes. Dean has always liked blue eyes.
Seven people loved Cas' burgers more than his, he'd shot himself in the foot by voting for Cas' too. God, they were delicious so much he had been close to dropping to his knees to beg for the recipe, luckily his pride stopped him and he wanted a few attempts to recreate it first, certain he could figure it out. Cas, Victor, Gadreel, and Charlie had voted for his burgers.
Constantly.
"What!" exclaimed Dean.
"Let me guess you thought Gabriel would spill the beans," Dean nodded and just like that they were laughing together.
"Stop being mad and look!" demanded the Angel, taking heed because Dean liked an authoritative Cas he looked for longer than five seconds.
"Hell no, I'll leave a message at Hive, I'll forget otherwise since I've already forgotten the name of the plant, I'll just have to describe it." this gets Sam laughing causing Dean to turn back to him, "Something funny?"
"Oh shit, I think Cas is in the throes of a panic spiral," worried Gabriel.
"Man, they're too sweet it hurts, though I have to say Gabriel is much improved while unconscious," commented Dean before realizing whom he was talking to. "Uh sorry Cas..."
Benny flirts with Cas
"What with the Scoobies? Will it be another night of lame ass games and braiding each others hair."
The next morning Sam and Dean were sat nervously at the map table as if waiting for a meeting of their enemies, not their future spouses, Sam glanced at Dean who nodded giving the go ahead to call the Angles down.
"I had a fight with Sam," he tells her heading for a slice of pie, emotional eating is the worst but so is fighting with Sam. "He thought me and Cas were going on a date and got all uppity when I set him straight." he wanted to keep to the bare facts, not wanting to discuss his Dad right now.
"So I take it the date thing was a ploy?"
It was weird that he and Sam had independently become involved with both brothers and were crushing hard. No, Sam was the one with the crush, he was neither involved or crushing on Cas. He was in friendship with Cas that was all. He just had to remind himself of that and not let his mind wander on any thoughts or actions he may have had or done. If life was easy he'd have no problem, yeah right.
"Please, I need something to help pass the time," she pleaded.
"Can you direct me to Moondoor? he asked it was the name of a Graphic Novel she was currently working on, her first solo project contributing both the art and writing.
"Fine, but please tell me why my brother thinks we went on a date." growled Cas.
“Bye Aunt Jo,” said Henry waving goodbye before coming in and shutting the door.
"That's not Dad's style," informed Dean once he got a hold of himself.
"Lunch," he answers smugly, making Dean square his eyes, sometimes he had no idea what Sammy saw in him, which was crazy because he'd witnessed how sweet they were with each other too.
Luckily Aaron is saved by Victor, "Brother, this food is ready." he calls adopting Benny's usual moniker.
After the final bell Dean was walking out toward Baby, hoping to smooth the way with Sam. Only his brother wasn't leaning up against his car but Gabriel's, sighing Dean changed direction to speak to his brother.
Once Baby was parked, Dean felt unsurprised when Cas bolted out of the car sticking him with the tree, luckily Sam arrived to help.
"Cas, I can more than take him." and it would be a pleasure doing so.
"Hey Dean, are you done yet?"
"Because you keep dancing around each other, I've never seen you so happy before and if I can see it so can everyone else," Sam shouted his expression full of disappointment.
* * *
"I know that Dean, but I'm truly glad she did," smiled Cas.
Dean who had had enough trouble processing the news of this unexpected person stops at the word pretty, the only thing he feels important is who she is. Shaking it off before it becomes a topic of conversation Dean makes his way over to see for himself.
"Woah, sorry I asked," calmed Sam holding his hands up.
"We'll go track her down," suggested Sam getting up.
* * *
"Was there?" the blush forming on Cas' cheeks was answer enough, "Cas don't kill me or anything but I think Gabriel got that from me through Sam."
"Gabriel drove me." Dean has felt odd ever since his discovery, is he meant to wear this new knowledge about himself like a badge. He has no idea, just like what to do about his feelings for Cas.
"What there's another admirer?" asked Gabriel.
What was the other option, talking? Dean did better with actions, and he really wanted to kiss Cas again.
"What?"
"It was my Grandfather's, he left it to us, we love it too much to sell," he said quickly grabbing his clothes from the back.
"You know they do pranks at MIT," added Alfie hardly moving his eyes away from Benny, both too wrapped up in each other to care.
Oh, wow! Cas hadn't been out for like a week? And now he wanted Dean to help him get back into the swing of things. The request had him desperate to puff out his chest in pride, what was happening to him?
For all his protests at the station, Cas sprung from the car quickly falling into his brother's embrace, exhausted. Dean certainly couldn't blame him a closer look at Gabriel showed the obvious worry etched into his face.
Dean was regretting one decision out of a sea of many, days after surviving Bobby’s pep talk he waited for the words to pass through his thick skull along with his own words of encouragement.
"Yes, he can be fucking scary when he wants to be." it had to be true if Sam was admitting to something that would be worth teasing him over for the foreseeable future.
"Gabriel, you've been in there for ten minutes, are you okay?" oh shit, sucking it up Gabriel opened the door. "I wished you'd stop running away from me."
"Yeah, he asked Gabriel for a clue, it got him baking," smiled Cas. "I was playing delivery boy, I hadn't realized how much Gabriel trusts Sam. It seems he did from the beginning."
Taking pity on Dean Cas pulled the envelope out of his back pocket, "Here give this to your Dad," Cas took a seat opposite before addressing Henry, "These are really delicious," Henry beamed in pride as he passed the envelope to his father. Sam joined them with a tray full of coffee and Gabriel shortly after setting two glasses of juice on the table.
"Hell, I will," whoop, one point for the man with the really hot accent, maybe Sam could do accents, worth a shot. While waiting for the photoshoot to be over and sent Gabriel fired a quick text off to Sammy, once done his phone buzzed with a message from an unknown number, this Benny guy was direct and extremely keen, Gabriel quickly opened the photo.
They'd left Missouri's not long after eating, with another quick walk around the garden, Dean stopping to take a few pictures of the Angel's Trumpets. Cas had been kind enough to offer to get one, it was something he was mulling over as he pulled into Cas' driveway.
"I tried not to be." Dean can't help the tears fall down his face at that, they're words he's never spoken before, to anyone.
"Sammy, we can't keep going there." spoke Dean feeling a little exasperated.
"I think that name is taken, but maybe we could have a vote or something." Henry nodded at that idea so he guessed it was a good one.
"Dean, you want to come with us?" she asked.
"Dean, is something wrong?" he asked hands stilling.
"How are you?" Cas shrugged his shoulders, "Probably sick of questions, no doubt." Dean awkwardly rubbed his neck, God he was an idiot. "Sam and Henry are here, they'll sit with you while I'm away. You don't have to talk or anything." smiling Dean went to squeeze Cas' shoulder only to think better of it at the last moment, "Cas, I might not know the whole story yet, but I know none of it is your fault try to remember that." added Dean before walking away.
"You alright Dean? You look a little red in the face." fuck him and his observations.
It didn't take long, thankfully only a necessary amount of tape was used, the paper fell away to reveal three cute looking chocolate bars, each a different flavor with a bee on the front, in fact, they were called Bee Bars!
It had been for their safety, but that was a lie born from a grieving man's fear.
"He did, you think.."
"Should someone go after him?" asked Charlie.
"Sammy, cool it we don't even know where they live, you always get too dreamy," implored Dean ignoring bitchface number eighteen.
Cas could believe it knowing without Gabriel he would have been one of their targets, they really should have been expelled by now. "So what made you change your mind?" he asked eating his last piece of pancake.
With his thoughts swimming, Cas took advantage of it being Saturday and bedded down for some extra sleep. Only minutes later the incessant ringing of the doorbell started, God, wasn't anyone else home?
"He's writing another book!"
Luckily since Sam didn't have much time to spare, he managed to leave the coffee shop pretty much unscathed. His brother only asking for an explanation a couple of dozen times. Again there wasn't an answer, Dean had no reason; he just wasn't himself around Castiel.
"You lost something Dean?" he queried unable to help himself. After their illuminating phone call, Sam found his behavior pretty telling.
Cas turned to him looking surprised, "You did?"
Stepping through the door, Dean's glad to see it's quiet and a familiar face at the bar. "Hey, Bobby." The man in question turns around, typically dressed in jeans, t-shirt, flannel and his beloved baseball cap. "Cas this is my Uncle, Bobby this is Cas Novak." after introductions the men shook hands.
"Is Hael your girlfriend, Cas?" Dean remained still to hear the answer since he was desperate for confirmation. His instincts told him there was not one chance in hell that Cas was dating Hael, he didn't know why she just seemed wrong for Cas somehow.
"No, he told us on the trip they do up gardens." well shit. "We can't do it alone Dad, you two don't know anything about it and I only know a little but Cas knows
This was the part of his job he loves the most, matching homes - which had been transformed from the bare shells Michael found them in - to families
"I hate you, Sammy," said Gabriel fondly.
"I'm so thrilled you remembered Dean, can I hug you?" Cas asked stepping closer, nodding Dean moved to pull Cas into his arms. Holy hell, it felt good and so right, with Cas everything did.
"He's there, you can finish early on one condition," informed Dean.
Coming into the house he shouts upstairs for Dean, quickly realizing how stupid that was as Dean descends the stairs.
"I'm sorry for falling asleep Dean," apologizes Cas when Dean heads back to the sofa, he blinks shakes his head a little at the man, why is Cas apologizing to him? "You went too so much trouble and I couldn't keep my eyes open, but I'd love to do it again sometime?"
"Wow Cas, it's beautiful."
"Thanks," he says taking hold of the dinosaur, the weight feeling good in his hands, especially since he's missing the weight of Dean's. "He's lovely."
"Yeah?" Cas nodded just as the timer went off halting further conversation in favor of pie.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's Cas."
Feeling he could watch less furtively Dean moved as if to approach Cas, when the tingle became a large slice of fear as a neatly wrapped package was passed from Alfie to Cas' waiting hands and slightly blushing cheeks.
"So first one to hurl loses," the suggestion was met with a resounding no from everyone. Looking a little dishearted Gabriel soon cheered up with a kiss and some hidden candy from Sam.
"Oh my God, it's not that you got rejected. It's that you actually like this girl, you want more than a quick fumble in the janitor's closet." put like that he sounded like a jerk, but he was always respectful. Sam was right though, he definitely wanted more than that with Cas.
Smiling she handed him the gift, it’s unlike you to be so tardy for the morning Clarence,”
Only it wasn't meant to go down like this remembering the conversation with Charlie at the coffee shop, he never imagined his gift- giving would lead to bullying.
"Pretending to like Gabriel so we'll fizzle out," answered Sam.
"Ooh, is it someone's birthday, wait, is it my birthday?" she asks her eyes worryingly wide.
So you can share this with Dean,” answered Benny placing a meat platter in front of them, “unless you guys were planning on something other than meat feast pizzas,”
"Jeez thanks for the support." guilt flashed in Sam's face (rightfully so) making him sit back down, teetering on the edge.
Truth be told, he hadn't exactly been keeping his distance from Cas, they'd kind of been texting. It seemed Henry always had some new question or idea he wanted to run through with the man. Dean always texted first to make sure Cas was okay to be pestered by a six-year-old, and not in a bad mood or too busy.
"Someone's with him!" shouts Henry already two steps ahead of Dean's command. Wait what did he say? "Daddy, hurry up Cas brought a girl."
"A cactus." Sam and Cas said together. Sam's eyes went wide with interest Cas unable to hide his blush turned to Henry.
"You know you left your phone downstairs, I was going to give it to you." Cas checked his bed only to find nothing, certainly no cell phone. Glancing at his brother, Gabriel sprang out of the room running down the stairs.
"For me too," agreed Cas moving to pepper kisses on Dean's throat, "Will you fuck me, Dean?"
"Better?"
Quickly taking a couple of snaps (Gabriel had taught him well) Cas headed to the bathroom, once finished he happily followed his nose to the kitchen remaining quiet so he could spy a little on Dean, currently busy turning the bacon over before placing the grill back.
to everyone.
Dean gasped out his body responding in zings of pleasure, screw the metaphor he was closing in on full hardness. "Fuck Cas, do that again?"
"Swedish Fish."
Sam comes in just as their order is ready, walking over snagging his coffee before taking the nearest free table he finds. Dean follows sitting across from him, allowing a perfect view of the entrance.
"I'm glad you did, it's a pity I never met the man." Dean smiled knowing Sam felt the same. "Have you been in contact with your parents since?"
After rubbing his neck and deciding on what he wanted to say Dean began talking fearing he'd been silent and lost in his head to too long. "Yeah, I had the idea to redo the front garden at home, it's basically a load of weeds currently. Henry really loves Hive and I want to encourage that, he seemed taken with the idea this morning." after their little chat Dean was even more keen to move forward with the idea. Wanting to reassure Henry that his interests were okay and not something he had to hide or change for anybody. He would not make the same mistakes as John.
"You can't leave me." came a whisper in his ear.
Quickly checking that Cas' car was still out - it was - Dean grabbed a pen and paper to write a quick note. He ran to place it on his door, hoping for the best on his return. He'd asked Cas to come around at seven when the game started (there was always something on) so he now had two hours to tidy, rustle up some food, and above all not freak out.
"Tell 'em, Kid."
"Shut up, jerk,"
"Ecstatic."
Something no-one will ever discover. Dean was a regular coffee with milk kind of guy, none of that frou-frou shit. Only it turns out that frou-frou shit is really fucking delicious.
Oh no, Dean quickly cut him off, " Sammy, it's fine just sit down before we take off." muttered Dean.
"Wait, if you got a lift with Bal why didn't he just give you this?" Cas watched curiously as Gabriel reached into his bag pulling out a white envelope and a small wrapped package tied with ribbon.
"Oh, so you don't want me to kiss you?"
"You are such a sap!" said Cas, allowing himself to be pulled into Dean's arms for their first of many kisses.
"Much the same as you I imagine." Cas smiled only it didn't quite reach his eyes, "Are you meeting someone?"
"Those are for me?" he asked not quite believing it. At Gabriel's nod stepped closer, they all looked so good. One was obviously pecan, two had pastry tops so he imagined they were bursting with fruit, there was one cloud pie and the last one was chocolate with a swirl pattern.
"Whoo, Cas wants to get his drink on! I've increased your flavor receptors and I'll be ready to grace up mistletoe in a tick,"
Scowling slightly, Dean opened the box the sweet scent of pastry and fruit greeted him. "Why are you bringing me pie?" he asked moving to grab three plates, once they were on the table along with a knife he reached for the walkie-talkie Sam hadn't noticed before now.
Dean smiled at that and the nods of agreement filling the room, "Lately I've been feeling like  I don't want to be a car mechanic for the rest of my life."
"He's a math whiz,"
"What if he doesn't like football, hell Charlie I don't like football."
"And that's a big deal?" Sam glanced at his brother wondering how that hadn’t sunk in already.
"Most I guess, Gilda's vegetarian so that leaves you, Kevin, Aaron, and Gadreel. Plus it's been so long for Jo she's probably forgotten them by now." including himself and Cas eleven people would be voting with only four really knowing the napkin code.
If he didn't meet the man soon he'd have to put his foot down. Shuffling off the sofa Henry headed to the kitchen where Uncle Sam was sitting at the table.
Cas felt it spoke to Dean's loyalty, something Cas longed for himself. Only he was unsure how much longer he could remain Dean's friend without needing some distance first. He didn't want to stop seeing Dean or Henry (the very thought of it unbearable) but his heart was hurting.
"Oh shit, do you have his number?" If Dean had been right in his earlier assessment that Gabriel was as much of a big brother as him. It may be not the best idea to call him in the dead of night with news such as this.
"Say what?" Dean felt so adrift, had Cas told him he was coming here? God, it was so damn hazy.
"The early bird I see, is Cas the worm?" asked Gabriel hoping Dean understood his meaning, the blush told him he did.
Cas, I hope this gift finds you well, it's given sincerely to show my affection not part of a prank or a cruel joke. There will be four more and I will give my name with the last.
"I have every faith you'll find it soon, Dean." Cas tells him looking at Sam, was this what had been said between them on Henry's birthday? But why would Cas care about his search for pie?
Damn Sammy was so innocent!
"Hey, was Henry good today?" he asks for something to say, already knowing the answer. Henry is a good kid, sometimes Dean can't believe how lucky he is.
- to help with Henry while he sorted Cas out with clothes.
"Cas!" Dean shouted moving in the direction he saw him last while feeling like a complete fool.
"And can we watch a load of Christmas movies?"
"Cas, it came out over a week ago? How have you avoided spoilers?" queried Dean shocked.
Gabriel woke up feeling very warm, normally in the mornings he was a little chilly having kicked the covers away during the night. Focusing more he noticed the cover was pushed further down his body than when he'd gone to sleep.
* * *
Dean walked ahead of Sam since his seat was further back when his eyes found seat C6 he also found the stranger he was meant to sit next to for the short flight. Yeah, this was definitely the final nail in the coffin of Dean Winchester: the man just happened to be the sexiest man he'd ever laid eyes on.
Cas was already cleaning his face, the sink full of water, "Think it'd probably be quicker to get in the shower."
