Sherlock sighed, a sad look coming across his face that made a small pit grow in John’s stomach as if they had a direct line of empathy with each other. “I have a theory, yes, but I will need some more evidence to confirm my suspicions.” The handsome face above him became serious and John knew Sherlock was dying to steeple his hands under his chin and go into his mind palace. Except, he didn’t make any move to leave, he just stayed their holding John in his arms, swaying slowly.
“Is that so?” John scoffed at Sherlock underestimating his planning abilities. “You know, suppositories melt due to body heat, right?” He rolled the man below him over and started crawling up to face him, lust in both their eyes. “Normally, they take about twenty minutes to fully melt so the body can absorb them.”
It was a big decision to let John come with him to a crime scene. Although he had taken precautions to ensure John’s first outing was in a controlled environment, Sherlock still worried about the raging battle that would surly take place in his boy’s head. It was obvious how much brain power John put towards thinking up an escape plan, which used to upset the Detective until he finally realized how the boy’s fractured mind worked.
“What? Who?” Jim asked as he adjusted the lantern to sit in the middle of the star shape they created with their bodies.
It just wasn’t right, giving in like this, being forced to choose if he wanted the gallows or the firing squad. The only way they would take him seriously was if he showed them he couldn’t be bribed with such luxuries.
“Yes, yes, of course,” Sherlock waved a frivolous hand, excusing himself from the room. Instinctively, John followed, the thought of Sherlock being around another child, a ten year old boy, setting off alarms inside his entire body.
“I was trying to help you, you git,” John said, trying to lift his head, but it was forced down by the twine.
After they took John away, leaving the boy in capable and bribed hands, Mycroft felt like he was facing a huge chess game where the one with the most money
“Terrace. Now.” She pointed towards the sliding glass door with one hand as the other continued to type.
“Let me be perfectly clear, John, because you seem to have forgotten why and how you arrived in this position,” Mycroft started, pushing back from the table a bit. “You possess a trait, a defect some might call it, which both myself and Sherlock require to complete our testing. As such, we need you in tip top shape if our findings are to be accurate. This means you are to eat three meals a day, bathe once a day, and sleep between six and eight hours every night. You have no say in these matters and if you attempt to rebel, as it seems your deficiency insists upon you doing so, I can assure you, John, you will not like the outcome. Do I make myself clear?” Mycroft was standing now and John could almost feel the coldness radiating from the man as if he created a giant shadow void of any sun.
“That’s wonderful Johnny, now you go finish up that homework and I’ll clean up here, yeah?” Having spent quality time with her son, she now focused all her attention on her mobile as she began to clean up the table.
“I do…but, but,” he did trust the man. He hadn’t an hour ago when he heard the two men talking downstairs about him and Victor. Now, though, after Sherlock chose not to give him back or even shoot him but to instead make love to him, well if that didn’t instill trust, John didn’t know what did.
The names relating to the new case however, appeared towards the end of the list, which meant the children of the murder victims had been abducted long after Moriarty’s death. Although Sherlock had maimed the Hydra Jim had created, he knew all too well that the demon would only sprout more heads with every blow. As long as John was his and safe though, that was all that mattered to the Detective.
“Why?” John asked, the question taking Sherlock off guard. How did he not know? Sherlock had worshipped the ground John walked on for five years and would continue to do so until the day he died. He’d branded a ‘JW’ on his body for John, killed for John, made love sweetly to John, taken his virginity, taken everything and given everything for John.
“What?…Oh, John no. What I mean is she will think you are dead. Ha! You thought I was going to kill you? Oh, John I would never hurt you, you know that.” The man stood up and began walking towards him, with an amused smile when the teenager dropped the plate.
That was the wrong thing to say, and Sherlock knew it before John’s eyes turned to slits and his Adam’s apple bobbed uncontrollably. John tried to go through the door, dead set on screwing things up as much as possible.
“I-I don’t understand, Sherlock, why didn’t she come looking for me? I’m not d-dead! W-why didn’t sh-sh-she…” John couldn’t stop his throat tightened up with a thick knot and Sherlock’s face became blurred with pooled tears, stinging his eyes. It was wrong, he knew, to put so much pressure and faith on his mother’s shoulders because ever since his father’s death she’d never been the same.
“John, hey Johnny, that you?” his sister’s voice whispered from around the corner. Moments later, his friends…
“Mike only made the freshman team. It sucks, I really wanted us to play together and he’s really good.”
“We’ll follow the line. Come along, John,” Sherlock said, tugging on the lead as he walked towards a hallway with a white line on the floor.
“I’m not going to wash you, if that’s what you want!” John said, raising his chin slightly in defiance. The teen readied himself to fight off any kind of command that would surly come. Instead, the man only smiled at him and John decided he really hated that fucking smug grin.
But Sherlock only chuckled and continued kissing and biting down until he got to the waist band of his pants. John threw his head back with a groan when Sherlock began nuzzling and mouthing at his hard cock through the cloth. “Sh-Sherlock,” he stuttered, barely forcing the words out as he felt his balls tighten up, preparing to come without even being touched.
“Good. Now, whatever you do, don’t panic. He’s harmless,” Sherlock said, as he opened the door to reveal the vampire in his bed. John had knocked off a thick plastic vase, which was now sitting idle on the ground. Sherlock couldn’t find any reason for the vampires actions, but let it be, in favor of watching Lestrade’s reaction.
Greg continued to twitch and struggle weakly, pressing at John’s shoulders and trying to kick the vampire off. “I’m trying to help, hunter,” John growled, letting his anger at the situation get the better of him. The terrified look in those wide brown eyes below him, made the old vampire soften. He’d forgotten what it was like to fear death; to worry if the breath that escaped one’s lunges would be the last.
The old man tilted his head, his gaze flicking from Mycroft to Sherlock, then to Greg. “You were waiting for us?” The man said, amusement showing behind his glasses.
When the finger started to pull out, however, that was when a burning sensation spread through the inside of the canal. “Ah, ah,” and then it was shoved back in, then out a few times until there wasn’t much pain at all.
A week ago, Sherlock had experimented on the differences between the hair on John’s head, armpits, arms, legs, chest, and groin to see which was his favorite. It was a tie between the thick patch around his perfect cock and the soft blonde hair that Sherlock could run his hand through every day and never get tired. Yes, John was his favorite experiment and never once failed to keep the detective’s interest.
“I told him about you,” John said, struggling desperately to get his hands free. “And if you don’t have that boy out of here in ten minutes, I’m going to tell him everything you did!”
John could only nod his head and stare at the device on the back of Jim’s neck. He realized he had never seen his. Honestly, the thought had never occurred to him to see what was attached to his nape. It could look more intimidating than Jim’s and he wouldn’t even know it.
“Molly,” Greg shot up, scooting the chair back. “Umm, what are you doing up, sweetheart, it’s two in the morning?”
Hey everyone! Thanks so much for all the support you've given me for this fic. I was actually really surprised by the amount of positive comments and kudos, but I'm very glad you all are enjoying the story.
“Okay, how many houses are we gonna do tonight?” Mike asked as they started to make their way through the streets and up to the rich part of town, under the cover of shadows.
“Ummm, yeah a Coke sounds great,” John yelled, causing Sherlock to smirk when he had even caused the boys voice to crack. He knew exactly how to use that anxiety to his advantage, and would do so beautifully. Sherlock made his move, striding gracefully into the living room holding the Ale he’d always intended to serve.
He caressed John’s cheek, watching as the boy stirred slightly, then snuggled deeper into the pillow. This boy was his, and he would do anything to keep him safe, even if it meant protecting him from himself.
He could feel the blood rising in his face, especially when Sherlock just smirked at him and then began walking towards the kitchen. “You didn’t seem to be adverse to my touch thirty minutes ago. As I recall, you were drooling on my pillow the entire time. What has changed?”
“Yes,” Mycroft said, “yes, I suppose you’re right. I’ll tell John, though, I’m sure it won’t go over well with him.”
“Shut up!” he yelled down at himself as they struggled on the floor but to his horror, his clone yelled the same thing back, laughing at him. He was the monster and the monster was him, but how, yes how, do you protect the most precious thing you have from yourself? How do you stop yourself from dragging them down into the void, where you can keep them as a fine porcelain artifact forever? The half Jim, half Sherlock, half black mass began to roll towards him in waves, merging them into the sickness that had waited just on the cusp, waited for someone like John to consume whole.
John hesitantly picked up the contacts and easily placed one in each eye. Immediately, blue lines flashed across his vision, leaving one blinking caret ready for text. “Holy crap,” John gasped, looking up and down to see the lengths of this new technology.
All of these children, Sherlock knew, would have one common link, one man or woman who would be known by many different names but had the same end game. Someone had taken the crown from Moriarty, but this time, something had changed. The new ring leader had a different agenda than Jim,
“Umm, no, not yet,” John stuttered out, grabbing a hand full of soap and taking himself in hand. He held his breath, not wanting Sherlock to notice his rapid breathing as his climax neared. Moving his hand faster and faster, John replayed Sherlock’s words over and over again in his head. ‘You have no idea what would happen if you decided to give in to your instinct. Don’t you want to know, John? Don’t you want to just try it? To just give in?’
This was the first chapter of the story I had trouble writing. I think it turned out well though, and pretty realistic based on the last chapter and how much John has become emotionally invested in Sherlock.
“How are you feeling, sweetie?” A woman’s voice asked, starting John enough that he opened his eyes on instinct.
“Did you not learn your lesson from last time?” he’d asked, positive they both knew he was talking about Victor. The young boy, who was only a year older than John was strikingly similar to Sherlock’s new obsession. Young, strong
It confused him, pissed him off, and scared him that maybe he had misjudged John completely, missed some vital clue that would end in the boy’s suicide.
Both humans didn’t object, only rubbed their hands through their hair and sighed at the truth. If Sherlock was turned by any other vampire, John knew, he would have killed at least a dozen people by now, and most likely be on the Leagues hit list. That wasn’t going to happen to Sherlock though, he was misguided, yes, but he had a good heart that just needed proper guidance. John would take care of him until his dying breath.
Mycroft sighed, defeated by Sherlock’s logic and his own beliefs of what was best for the child. Although he did not agree with his younger brother’s methods of obtaining John, that much was obvious, there was no denying when looking at the situation objectively that Sherlock would be able give John a better life. He knew how the detective worked, he had seen it all his life, and the look on his little brother’s face told him he would protect John until his dying breath. “Yes, where is he?”
“He’s in room 237, just down that hall.” She pointed down the adjacent hallway. “You need me to walk you down there?”
John suddenly stopped, frozen in time and space, wondering why he seemed to always make the wrong decision. He tried so hard to do the right thing, fight the good fight, but everything seemed to go to shit in the end.
“John…” Sherlock moaned weakly. His strength was leaving him quickly, each limb turning into jelly. “Wha’?” The words became tied around his limp tongue, infuriating Sherlock even more. His mind was his greatest asset and when he couldn’t convey his thoughts with speech…it was enough to drive a man mad. But John, his sire, his beautiful wonderful creator, seemed to understand his panic.
As his mother drove him to her home, John tuned out her stories about all the food they got from the neighbors and how he was so lucky his teachers would let him make up his school work so he didn’t fall behind. Instead, he thought about what Dr. Landbury had told him. It made since, sure, he could understand how Sherlock making him depend on the man for everything helped instil some sort of sympathy or connection,
“Y-yeah, I tripped and fell down the stairs,” John whispered the facts that hadn’t been true until Sherlock made them so in his boy’s head. He could feel the shy teenager fiddling with the hem of his robe but he kept his eyes on Mycroft the entire time.
“Molly? Molly, sweetheart, it’s time to wake up,” Greg whispered softly, making John’s heart ache a little bit. He used to be the one who prized her from her pillow every morning, but now…
When John felt his hand slowly squirming its way out of the man’s grasp, he prepared himself for a final attack to the pale jugular above him. He was in mid strike when another command came, “stop,” this time it was a bit louder, but nowhere near a shout, and the tone was more of a growl. John’s hand stopped in the air, only half a second away from piercing skin as dopamine exploded in his body, making his arm pliant and unwilling to harm the Dom above him.
“Molly,” he whispered, getting down on his hands and knees to crawl towards her. She looked over at him, her eyes lit up and a smile came across her face. “Come,” he said, holding out his hand and looking around quickly to make sure they were still alone. Thankfully, she hopped down and walked over to him, grabbing John’s hand.
“Go upstairs, John,” Mycroft ordered, but didn’t use his push to make the boy follow his instructions.
“You two can discuss what John did later,” Sherlock said, smiling down at the furious blonde. “Is Greg coming over to the flat?”
“Uhh, yeah, umm-“ John stuttered, shocked to see the man who took him away from Baker Street those many years ago standing right in front of him in the dairy aisle. A bottle rocket of panic shot through him until the man smiled gently. “Yes, I mean, hello, Detec-“
“I don’t,” John rubbed his eye, “I don’t know what you’re talking about Sherlock. I just got something in my eye, that’s all.”
“Sherlock, I-” John said, leaning back a little. Sherlock knew he was losing him, so he stuck his bleeding hand up first. John’s eyes were huge, looking back from Sherlock to his hand, his mind trying to solve a huge dilemma.
It actually wasn’t too bad, John considered for a moment as the sweet grape burst in his mouth. There was a constant hand on his head, which was still pressed gently against Mycroft’s thigh while he chewed. As if knowing how hungry John actually was, Mycroft lowered a piece of ham and cheese to the boy’s lips. “That’s it,” the praise seemed to make the food taste even better as it was popped into his mouth. It was strange letting his hands hang to his side, or perhaps even more strange the fact that he didn’t even want to move them to whip his mouth off. It would be nice, John though, if the gnawing thoughts in the back of his head would just leave him alone and let him bask in the calmness of oblivion.
Mycroft groaned, shifting slightly and squeezing his eyes together. “You’re alright,” Greg said softly, his focus shifting from John back to the man in his lap. “He’s going to be alright, vampire.” It wasn’t a question, but a threat. John smiled.
“John, I want to ask you something, okay?” he asked gently, knowing how fragile the boy’s mind was and how this revelation might be too much. John nodded, listening intently. “Why do you really blame yourself? It’s not because you think you put Sherlock in jail, is it?”
“I’m assuming since the authorities have not darkened my doorway you have already taken care of the necessary people to ensure Mrs. Watson believes I am a figment of the late John Hamish Watson’s imagination; the imaginary friend of a lonely homosexual teen who had had enough of lying to himself and ended his torment. So tell me, brother mine, why have you come to visit me? Would you like to meet John and make sure he is well, in order to sate your guilty mind at the actions you’ve taken to ensure he stay in my care?”
IMPORTANT VOTE: Okay, so I have two endings that I can't choose from. One is extremely dark, like, "holy shit what's wrong with that girl," dark. The other ending I was thinking about is much lighter. It does have a bit of darkness to it, but it is no where near the latter. I'd like to know what you guys would like in the comments. Be warned, the darker ending will be very sad and quite depressing, but if that's what y'all are looking for, then I'm more than happy to write it. Anyways, happy voting :)
He had just bitten Sherlock and changed him into a vampire. A bloody vampire! Sherlock had never asked for that, and now his choice was taken away. John covered his mouth in shear horror. “What have I done?”
“One rule John,” he whispered, planting a kiss on the fine blonde curls just above the red cock ring, “never talk about my brother when we are in bed.” They both laughed together, the sound filling Sherlock’s cock almost painfully. “Oh John, just thinking about you hard and waiting for me,” he scooted up behind the boy, rolling him over so they were spooning with John’s casted leg lying on the bed and the other being hosted up under Sherlock’s arm, exposing the hole that was his and his alone. “I could barely contain myself. Do you know how gorgeous you are? How hard you make me, John?” The detective grabbed the lube from the side table and spread it on himself and on the clenching hole in front of him. It was time to give John his reward for being such a good boy.
“We pulled around back, so the reporters won’t hound us before we get into the building,” Greg said, moving to open the door. “Ready?”
“Indeed he is,” Mycroft answered her in a tone that was almost fond. Then, he released his hold on John. “Go upstairs and change. We leave in thirty minutes.”
Silver eyes opened fully to look up at John, who gave a small thankful smile. “Whoa,” Sherlock said, putting his hand against his neck to feel if there were any bite marks. “That was…that was,” Sherlock started, but when he tried to sit up, his head fell back down like a rock.
Dropping the body to the floor, even as blood continued to pump out of the nurse’s neck, Sherlock rose slowly. He could smell his brother, the sweet blood that flowed like melted chocolate through his veins. Sherlock licked his lips and then dove for the human. His fingers just grazed Mycroft’s lapels before two large hands hit his shoulders.
“What did I do to deserve you, John?” he moaned, feeling his cock growing harder, Sherlock gave a few more rough thrusts and came with a loud  grunt, falling limp on the boy who let him. After a few moments however, the detective could tell the teenager was becoming uncomfortable after the halo of their orgasms faded, so Sherlock popped up preparing for act two. “I think we kind of ruined our clothes, did you bring pajamas with you or do you need to borrow some of mine?” He stood up, watching the boy closely and was pleased to see there was a hint of sadness at the loss of his lover’s warmth in his features.
Mycroft sighed a jagged breath. He knew it was the logical thing to do, but the thought of that vampire getting near his little brother again just didn’t set right with him. In the end though, Sherlock’s cries of pain and his pleas won out, and Mycroft un-velcroed John’s ankles. “You will do exactly as I say vampire, or this,” he pointed to the crossbow in Greg’s hand, “is going to take you down.”
John's POV directly after the events of the last chapter. The teenager can't get Sherlock out of his head and comes to a decision that could change his life forever.
When the doorbell rang, Mycroft was the first to head towards the door. He opened it to reveal Greg and two other men in suits. “Ready to go, then?”
John grabbed Mycroft’s arm quickly and licked the two puncture wounds closed. Seeing the blood disappear made Sherlock buck against his restraints in an attempt to strike again, but the ghost twine held fast. “Shh,” John whispered in his ear, the warmth breath sending a shiver down his spine.
After a minute, John felt the warmth slowly fading from his limbs and his ears were picking up something strange on the other side of the door.
“Put it down!” John’s voice was stern, causing Mike to immediately drop the stuff from his hands and look down.
“Jim,” Sherlock gave a slight nod to the shorter man as he threw out all scenarios but the one that was second to last on his list of possibilities. The last being John’s mum standing on his door step with a gun in hand, ready to blow his brains out. Looking at the grinning man holding a black duffle bag in his hand, Sherlock would have preferred Mrs. Watson and the .22. “What brings you to Baker Street on this fine morning?” Sherlock tried to sound as innocent as possible, waiting for his best friend and worst enemy to reveal what he knew.
“Nothing, I just wanted to cook for us and soup sounded good. I kind of ruined the first batch though because the milk curdled but this one should be fine.” The boy smiled, embarrassed at his stupidity but knew she would find out anyway and thought it was best to get it out in the open.
John began to drink deeply from Sherlock’s twitching form. He gently stroked Sherlock hair and ear as he held him in place, in an attempt to keep the man calm.
“Please, Sherlock, I don’t want to go in there,” John whined. He just knew Sherlock was trying to trick him into being calm so he could leave him in that place.
Thank you guys so much for your patience! If any of you followed my Entropy series, I will using the same posting schedule. I'm going to do my best to post a new chapter every other Sunday. You can also check my
“Let’s just see how you react when he first gets here, and then we can determine how far we’re going to take your first meeting with a human. Now,” John gave a cheeky grin, “you were an awfully good boy just now.”
“John! John honey, stop!” He heard his mother’s voice but it wasn’t Sherlock’s. He was still alone. There was a loud screech and then a hand on his head pulling him away from the window that he’d been hitting his head against. “Oh, love, don’t you worry. You’ll be back to your old self in no time, yeah. It’s okay, we’ll just get you back to your old routine, just like the Doctor said, and then you’ll forget all this nastiness,” she cradled his head on her breast and John shivered when he couldn’t hear her heart beat, couldn’t feel the warmth that he so desperately needed to help keep himself whole.
Out of instinct, Mycroft held the can in front of John’s face and pressed down, spraying the toxic liquid into the vampire’s eyes. The reaction was instantaneous. John hissed and covered his eyes, turning around and falling to the floor with a loud thud. He continued to growl and writhe on the floor, rubbing his eyes, as Greg stepped in front of Mycroft and shot the unbreakable net over the vampire.
A hand mirror appeared by John’s face, which was still turned to have his right cheek pressed into the pillow. He peered into the mirror, seeing Sherlock’s silver eyes peering back at him and another hand mirror showing him his back.
When he finally stopped, his right ankle and the right side of his flank began shooting electricity through his entire body. “Ahhh,” John moaned, feeling warm hands grab his shoulders and rub down his back. He rolled over, not sure if he was trying to get away or get closer to the gentle touch. Black spots started feeling his vision, both from the pain and the dizziness caused from rolling head over heel for what seemed like a hundred times.
“You’re a terrible liar, John, you’re just too sweet,” Sherlock kissed him on the top of the head, making John angry because no teenage boy liked to be called sweet. He poked the man in the ribs playfully, giving his best and most threatening glare.
Standing awkwardly next to Sherlock’s lap, John bent over to press his stomach on the man’s lap. As if knowing exactly what to do, Sherlock grabbed the Sub’s hip and lifted him slightly to reposition him and make sure John’s bum was sticking in the air.
Sherlock slowly walked over and crouched down by John’s head. He petted a hand through the blonde hair and smiled. “Sleep now vampire, there is much to do in the morning.”
John took the tracker and shoved it into his jean pocket. His cheeks started to tingle as warmth seeped through his body from that one spot on his back. “Stop it,” John snapped at Sherlock, who immediately pulled his hand back and stared at him, confused.
Greg looked at his phone and hoped it wasn’t John, but that sick feeling gnawing at his stomach told him differently.
“Yes!” Sherlock shouted behind him, thrusting in so deep, John screamed in pain, but was gathered up to the man’s chest as soon as it was over. He had felt the man’s cock twitch a bit but it was oddly unsatisfying, what with everybody always begging in the pornos, ‘oh, please I want to feel you come in me’ or ‘don’t you like the way my come feels inside you.’ Honestly, he wouldn’t have known if Sherlock hadn’t shouted and was now holding him to his chest. “I’m inside you now, forever, John. I love you.”
He raised his glass to show his appreciation and then got down to business. “No, no it is nothing like that.”
“I’m a Doctor, lad, let me see your hand,” John insisted, reaching for the bleeding hand. The smell of the blood was exquisite, but John was able to damp down his primal need enough to help the injured human. He’d done it all of his life, well at least the last hundred years he had. “How did you do this?” John asked when he pulled the hand into his palm.
“Oh for Heaven’s sake, John, I’m not going to rape you. I’m afraid that would taint my results by putting a permanent bad taste in your mouth…no pun intended,” Sherlock smirked. John didn’t know if he should be furious that this arsehole was making jokes about raping him or relieved that he said he wouldn’t.
Okay, so this is it guys. John's POV of his first sexual encounter with Sherlock. It is not as bad as I originally thought it was going to be, but by the end it is gets pretty intense. So please, PLEASE, look at the updated tags and know that this is dub-con verging on rape because John is a minor and unsure. If you are easily triggered by these things, DO NOT READ. I do not wish to upset or trigger somebody inadvertently, so just be aware of what you are getting into.
Greg wanted to jump from his bed and strangle the man who seemed abnormally calm. He hated Mycroft; he had ruined his life and shown him the worst parts of himself. Now, he was lying in a bed, hooked up to wires, and he couldn’t get away from him even if he wanted to. “Why?” Was all he could ask, his voice raspy and broken.
John slowly opened his eyes at Sherlock’s statement. He furrowed his brow as he took another piece of chicken into his mouth. Is that what he wanted? John had no bloody idea. Bliss felt good, felt right, but then again so did this, sitting on Sherlock’s lap without a care in the world.
John started to laugh. He couldn’t help himself. This was Mycroft’s idea of being nice and taking care of John, and he was still ordering the Sub around. He was forever grateful though that he didn’t have to talk to any journalists for at least a little while.
“You fucking bastard!” John shouted as they hit the ground. Sherlock rolled him over until his arse was pressing down on the John’s cock. He bucked and clawed, trying to get up, but Sherlock was not letting him go this time. He would never let him go again. With two hands on his wrist, legs over his feet, and someone sitting on his hips, John was virtually immobile. “Get off me, Sherlock. I swear to God!” The boy hissed, his rage out weighing his common sense.
“Oh,” was all John could say. It didn’t feel good deep down but the thought of his mom having more money now because she wouldn’t have to take care of what she called his ‘obscene teenage boy metabolism and appetite,’ was a slight consolation. He’d always tried to take care of her, be the man of the house so to speak, but he seemed to always miss something.
John slowly got to his feet, forcing back a yelp as the skin on his neck was pulled taught, straining the wound created from the collar. “Your neck should heal in a couple of days,” Mycroft told him. It was awkward, really awkward, as John stood by the bed, naked for all the man to see; however, he was relieved that the Dom seemed more interested in looking at his neck than his exposed arse. “I laced the insert with an antiseptic so we shouldn’t have to worry about infection, though Sherlock or I will be inspecting the site regularly.”
John’s high pitched voice ran through his head as he started up the car. Those blue eyes had the same look in them when he saw them in the mart, and no matter how many ways he thought about it, Greg knew something was wrong. He had failed John by not keeping a closer eye on the boy and now he would rectify his failure, be it his division or not.
A tooth filled grin creeped across the man’s face when he saw the boy had used his entire name. Sherlock had already known his full name, date of birth, and home address, but John didn’t know that; and now he trusted the man on the other side of the phone with this valuable information.
“Then we can run in and find her, that is if she’s still there. Who knows if they’ve already sold her,” Harry said but quickly hung her head, ashamed at even saying something like that.
Thankful that Sherlock had abandoned the conversation, John hurried out of the room and down the stairs to face whatever Mycroft had planned for him. He recalled the time Mycroft had put soap in his mouth when he cursed too much, and wondered how the punishment would fit the crime in this instance.
John was able to ignore the fact that he was in a dangerous situation and enjoy his evening, until the door flew open and a very excited Sherlock walked in. “Don’t you ever sleep?” John asked, sitting up and scratching the skin under the cuff on his arm.
“We’ve already had this discussion, John. I need to learn more about your kind, and you’re the perfect test subject.”
Sherlock sped up his hand, slowly stoking up and down his thigh with the other as he pictured himself kissing that insecure look off his John’s face. He wouldn’t stop until the boy was moaning and begging for forgiveness for his own doubtfulness. John was his now and no lover of ‘The World’s Only Consulting Detective” would feel anything but pure ecstasy. “You. Are. Mine,” the man choked out as his hips arced off the sofa, picturing the small blonde boy sitting on his lap and thrusting into him, forcing his seed as far in as physically possible. “Forever,” Sherlock gasped, smearing the white liquid into his chest and all over figment John’s back, marking the boy who was panting and moaning in his mind, begging him for more.
“What, if you can’t give me bliss, nobody can?” John said, struggling in Sherlock’s grip. He didn’t want the stupid arsehole touching him, even if the warmth radiating off his lap was exquisite.
The door opened and John froze, closing his eyes together to listen and feel what was going on behind his back. “Ah Gregory, I wasn’t expecting you,” Mycroft said, his voice deceptively calm. “Is everything alright?”
He realized this was the first time he’d ever told somebody about the bloke he’d never even met and now he didn’t know how his friend would react to the fact John was talking to a college student. Mike was cool, but was no were near as mature as John and would most likely not understand, so the teen decided against telling his friend.
John began to panic again, all the pain and confusion he’d expelled in the bathtub with Sherlock was seeping back in through the cracks that the older man hadn’t filled yet.
This chapter is quite psychologically disturbing, I think, and also has explicit material. I'm sure you have all come to expect those two things but I still like to put up a friendly warning because like I've said before my wish is to entertain (and even offer a warning) not upset or harm anyone.
Sherlock's POV. Sherlock's a new vampire. John, Mycroft, and Greg have to find out how to contain the situation.
Sherlock walked over to him, eyes assessing every inch of his body with those liquid silver eyes. “Can I trust you, John?” He said, wrapping his large hand around the boy’s nape, pulling him in close so John could feel their breathe passing from one another. “I want to, my sweet boy, but you still get those nasty thoughts in your head, don’t you?” John couldn’t help but look down as if he was a small child being accused of drawing on the walls. “I don’t know what I would do if I lost you again, John. I couldn’t bear it,” he pulled John flush against him, the man’s chest hard and unyielding as he pulled them into a deep demanding kiss.
“Do you think the collar had anything to do with your shift from a rebel Sub to a boy who runs into burning buildings to save his Doms?”
“Fuck,” Sherlock laughed in his post orgasmic high, then he slowly stood up and headed for the bathroom. Stripping and turning on the tap to the bathtub, he sat his mobile down on the edge and gracefully sunk into the warm bubbly water. Instead of murders, clues, facts, and deductions battling through his mind, Sherlock was graced with peaceful images of the teenage boy sitting in their tub letting his best mate and lover wash off the sex from a few minutes ago. The detective leaned his head back and closed his eyes, a slight smile on his face as he cradled John in the tranquility of the blackest chasms of his mind.
“Mmm, yes, I actually decided to keep John as my Sub although we haven’t been able to locate the other rogues,” Mycroft said, turning his head towards John who knew he was a pathetic picture, which was possibly why he wasn’t told to turn back around. Drool was already starting to drip out of his mouth again as the Sub stared wide-eyed at the two Doms glaring at him from their spot at the door. “Sherlock has been studying Receptor Deficiency Disorder for a while now and young John here has just that, making a perfect Sub for both of us.”
“I’ll be over tomorrow morning, Mycroft,” Greg turned to tell the man, “I only have a few more questions.”
“It’s okay, John, shhh,” he did his best to comfort the boy as he held him in his arms, trying to make the position similar to the one he knew Sherlock would use. “It’s okay to feel that way, you did nothing wrong, you did nothing wrong, I need you to understand that. Sherlock messed up-“ as soon as he said those words, John sat up and actually shoved Mycroft’s shoulders a bit.
and John would be fucking him at 221B within the hour. “What do you think, John?” Sherlock asked, keeping his voice light and making the intent of his question unknown. Knowing John, his sweet John, the boy would immediately think Sherlock was asking if Archie should come back home with them. It was a bit sad really, and Sherlock took the blame upon himself that John would still think there could ever be anyone else in their lives. Now though, he was grateful for it and used it as an advantage.
When John hit the ground he opened his eyes to find he was lying in a bed with a mop of dark curls in his face.
“That he is.” Irene also smiled, then went around to sit behind her desk. “You created your own bliss, John. You stopped the pain.”
“John, you’re so good,” to John’s relief, Sherlock sounded just as breathless as him when he braced his hands on the sides of the teenagers head and started moving forward and backward. “I want you to give me everything, John, everything,” his thrusts became faster, moving himself on the boy and gazing intently down at him. Every time the teenager tried to lift his hips up to meet his lover’s thrusts as an attempt to reach the man’s prostate, he received a harsh slap, which strangely egged him on even more; until finally, Sherlock placed both his hands over the tan stomach, letting out a harsh grunt and preventing John from moving at all. “No, John,” Sherlock leaned forward, resting his weight on the boy’s chest, wrapping his arms under him, and then stopped moving all together while John was still buried all the way inside.
John’s eyes only left the bleeding cut once, to give Sherlock a pleading look. “Don’t make me do this,” John gritted out, but his feet brought him forward. He dropped to his knees with a hard thud, and placed his hands on both of Sherlock’s thighs.
“Sometimes wild colts need to be broken if they are to succeed in their life’s endeavors.” Mycroft said, but smiled fondly at the teenager sleeping in his brother’s lap.
“John, I understand you’re fresh off the collar,” she said, reaching out to caress his face. John leaned back, instinctively avoiding her touch. “You’ll soon realize how the Holmes men altered your mind. You want to believe they are the good guys and we are the bad guys, because that’s what they’ve ingrained in your brain.”
With one swift move, Sherlock slid open the door and John leapt. The human landed on ground with John growling on top of him. His teeth had dropped, but his eyes now had a thin ring of blue circling his blown pupils. “You shouldn’t have come up here,” John purred, rubbing his face against the side of Sherlock’s. The warm smooth flesh made John buck his hips down into Sherlock’s.
“John, he does love you, I’m not saying that because honestly, I’ve never seen act like the way he acts around you,” a small smile came to John’s face. “However, I am saying that he hurt you-“
“Yes,” John answered, trying desperately to remember Mycroft’s number. He’d memorized it just in case he ever needed to use another phone other than his mobile.
These weren’t just any murders though, no, they were all too familiar when Sherlock saw the names of the first three families. It took the Detective less than five hours in his mind palace to find where he had seen the names of the children whose parents were hung. He found what he was looking for on the second floor from the basement, where he only ventured after a good thorough fucking and when he held John in his arms to keep the monsters at bay. Dodging around corners and staying in the light wasn’t hard when blonde hair was right under his nose, the soft scent cloaking him with protection.
“I’ll let you do the tests, if you’ll at least let me out of the chains,” John changed his tactic. He knew Sherlock was right, damn it, and it was such an unfair advantage.
“I know,” he said but continued carrying him to the bed, then gently laid him down and got in behind the small boy. It was strange at first, being naked with another man holding him from behind, but knowing what he just experienced with Sherlock, John didn’t want to be away from the man even for a second. “I’m never going to let you go,” he heard the deep voice whisper in his ear and wondered if he wanted that too. He felt cold now if the man wasn’t holding him and John wondered, as he drifted to sleep, if it was because Sherlock had taken something from him that used to keep him warm.
“Yeah, right,” when John got into the bathroom his breathe was already starting to come too fast. He had no idea what was going on inside of him, his mind was telling him Sherlock was wrong for lying to him and this was not a safe situation; however, he had been fighting an erection ever since he felt Sherlock’s thigh touch him in the coffee shop. Now that he was in the man’s flat, which seemed normal just like its owner, he felt safe but terrified at the same time.
“Are you okay, John?” Sherlock asked as he stepped out of the car. John hadn’t even noticed they arrived. He nodded, smiling to reassure him, and then stepped out of the car to see tons of police officers and caution tape spread around a building. “Stay close to me, okay,” he was told and obeyed without thinking, his mind setting to default in an intense situation.
The Sub looked down at the clear pieces of plastic in his hand. They felt heavy, like a weight on his shoulders that he couldn’t get off no matter how hard he shrugged. The Resistance had their barbs in him, just like the Holmes’ had their own stuck right in the back of John’s neck.
He didn’t realize how hard he was digging his fingers into John’s chest until the most horrible noise filled the room. The boy shrieked in pain and Sherlock could feel something kicking and clawing at his arms and legs, and it wasn’t John. His skin was ripping apart and something underneath was coming out, something dark and horrible that always waited patiently just under the surface. “Sherlock, you’re hurting me,” he heard John cry, giving him the strength to push the black tar back inside before it reached for the small throat. “I love you Sherlock, please stop it, you’re scaring me!”
When John woke up, he was staring at the floor from about a meter up. He tested each limb first to complete understand what kind of sadistic way Sherlock bound him this time. Sherlock loved John, always had, but he also loved to take him hard and rough as much as possible. When John resisted the infatuated man, well, this would happen.
When he tried to move, it seemed as though the messages his brain was sending to his legs was getting lost in the drugs still flowing through his system from the earlier command.
“Mmhmm,” John nodded to the best of his ability, which was more of a head roll, but Sherlock got the idea and put him back on the floor.
But, the thing was, John was happy he had met Sherlock. Happy that he had been kidnapped. Happy that he was bathing Sherlock right now.
John’s description of the scene brought a whimper from the thirty-seven year old man who had faced death dozens of times. “Quite laughing John, it’s not funny.”
There was something missing and Sherlock knew it, which pissed him off even more. John had no right! No right at all to make him feel so…so protective,
John rushed outside, still holding his stomach. That’s when he initiated part two of his master plan. Thankful for his years as a homeless criminal, John bumped into David as the man turned his back to him. As he exited the car, John pulled David’s wallet from his rear trouser pocket. S
The change was immediate. Bell let out an inhuman growl and looked directly at Sherlock, who was still enveloped by the darkness. Sharp white teeth hissed at him, but Sherlock merely rolled his eyes and stood up to walk towards the trapped beast. The net was made from the finest ghost twine, latching on to the vampire’s skin and keeping him in place even as he used his superior strength to rip it.
John was about to fall over the edge when suddenly, the pressure and warmth was gone, bringing a whine from his lips.
He heard the tell-tale sign of footsteps on the stairs and quickly pressed his face into the pillow, hoping the redness would fade enough to escape Sherlock’s attention.
There was no give and take in this kiss, though it was coaxing and seductive the way Sherlock bit John’s lip, sucking slightly until the younger man was breathless. “Sherlock,” John started but was cut off with a bony knee pressing up between his legs. “I won’t…”
Sherlock smiled at the boy, looking at the white gauze on his shoulder blade. An actual shiver ran down the man’s spine at just the thought of how his initials would heal and become permanent, John’s body never rejecting him ever again. Then, the look on John’s face every time he felt the bumps of an ‘SH’ on his back or saw the one near his pelvic bone that Sherlock would give him later, drove the man to almost come untouched. It was magnificent and the only thing that would make it better was if John removed all thoughts of escape from his head, be it death or something worse. Hopefully, if Sherlock, with the help of Mycroft of course, could prove to John enough times that the boy was better off with him and escaping was pointless, then he would accept his love for the older man above all else. His John was a bull headed little thing but perhaps that’s why he was so perfect.
“I just had the most amazing orgasm,” Sherlock thought Greg should know. He still felt amazing, even the scowl on Greg’s face couldn’t hold him down.
“Please pullout it hurts,” John tried to move his hand, but when they were held fast he tried to buck against the man to get him off, but only succeeded in causing more pain to his hyperextended ring of muscle.
John clasped his hands together, holding his ice cream between them as he waited for someone else to speak.
“Shhh, calm down,” he whispered over the loud sobs, placing John on their bed and draping himself over him when the boy tried to get away. John was on his back panting, while Sherlock was lying on his stomach with one arm draped over the small chest, the other carding through the blonde hair and, just for extra stimulation, a large thigh over the boy’s groin. When the fruitless struggles stopped, Sherlock finally spoke, his lips only centimeters from John’s ear. “John, tell me what’s wrong. Haven’t I proven you can count on me,” he didn’t wait for a nod, “but you know I can’t fix things when I don’t know what they are, right?” He started rubbing his thumb gently over a small light nipple, coaxing it into hardness and preventing John from coming up with any negatives about their past relationship.
He tried to wipe the blush off his face, cursing himself for being so sensitive and bashful at a stupid work. “Sexy,” he said trying to make it sound cool as it rolled off his tongue. Running down the stairs, he found that Mike was already waiting outside with his mobile in hand and longboard under his feet. Before he could even get a bite to eat, John heard Mike’s text go to his phone and decided to forego the meal in favor of getting to the Centre before it got busy. “By mum, I’ll be home around four!” He yelled, grabbing his board and running outside to meet with his friend.
“Uhhh, yeah, it’s nice,” John said turning his back to the door, ensuring that the first thing Sherlock wouldn’t see was his much smaller package. He didn’t care too much for having his arse being the first thing either, but it was much better than his cock and bullocks. His heart stopped when he heard the door behind him open, then two splashes as he stepped in and shut the door.
Sherlock laughed, deep and hearty at John’s statement. “Oh John,” he said as if he was talking to an adorable little kid. “What makes you think we are playing a game here?” Finally, there was a finger pressing at his entrance, just teasing the rim, but breaching every couple of passes. “I want you, and I’m going to have you whether you like it or not.”
“I understand your feelings towards this boy are pure at heart, Sherlock, but you cannot fake a child’s death and give them a new name. Morally, it is not acceptable, not to mention all the paper work I’ve had to fill out when I saw the news report of young John’s suspicious suicide in Southampton.”
“Oh God,” John whispered, opening his eyes quickly to examine his surroundings. He was still in Sherlock’s room, it was dark outside, only a single ray of moon light shown through the slat in the curtains, but most importantly, his kidnapper was nowhere to be found.
“Sherlock, don’t…” John protested, but was stopped by his voice catching in his throat. Sherlock opened his mouth wide and stuck quickly, latching on to the meat between John’s neck and shoulder. “Ahh,” John screamed and bucked his hips up wildly.
“I,” John swallowed, “I…”John thought about telling the truth; how he jerked off every morning thinking about Sherlock, how he loved to be fed by him, how he loved to sleep next to him, how he loved when Sherlock whispered in his ear and played with his hair, how he fucking loved Sherlock Holmes. But, he couldn’t say all those things, not when Sherlock obviously didn’t feel the same way. “I knew your brother would have me tortured if I didn’t save your stupid arse.”
“Shh, Sherlock, shhh, sweetheart,” John cooed next to Sherlock’s ear. This was one of the times that John wished his body was warm; warmth offered comfort, warmth meant home. John’s skin was ice cold with no movement below, no life. The sire did his best though, and his presence seemed to calm the vampire. “There you go. It’s going to be okay, Sherlock, I promise.”
He woke up at nine to a ‘ding’ from his mobile. Excited to tell Sherlock he was going to pick out a new pair of cleats, John swung his feet out of bed and picked up the phone.
“What John, anything, you know I’d do anything for you,” he encouraged, having no idea what the boy was asking for but praying it wasn’t to go home
There was no way Greg was going to get Mycroft out of here without bringing Sherlock. Greg knew how guilty Mycroft felt about his brother’s actions, even if Sherlock was a grown man who made his own decisions. His love for the other man wouldn’t allow Greg to put Mycroft in that sort of position.
“Really,” John looked back at him, quirking his eyebrow. “I was under the impression that food gave you energy.”
It was a rare morning they all had full bellies before they went about their day of pickpocketing and scouting, and today was no exception. With Molly gone, the moral seemed to be even more dreadful than normal and John decided to tell everyone his plan to get the little girl back. “We need a distraction,” John told them, placing his hands over the fire Harry created for them. “Something to draw them to the front so we can sneak into the back and grab Molly.”
The intimate contact seemed to calm the vampire some, his fangs retracting and his muscles loosening. “You’re alright, Sherlock,” John said, his voice an octave lower than normal.
“I love you, John. Just one more day and you will have me and I you.” The detective’s body was shaking as he came down from his orgasm. He noted the amount of semen he had been producing during his time spent with John was significantly larger than normal, which indicated his arousal for his boy had increased now that he was his.
“Ah, I’m glad you asked that, John,” Sherlock chimed in with a hint of excitement in his voice, which usually meant another test was coming up.
John tried to kick and punch but he only resulted in swinging himself and tormenting his own cock with the rope tied around the base. When Sherlock pushed one long finger deep inside John and wiggled it, the Doctor grunted, his face and chest turning bright red.
A full month had passed since John first met Sherlock. The teenager had changed more in those thirty one fog-filled days than he had in his entire life. In that month he’d lost his virginity, died, thought his limbs had been amputated, broken his wrist and ankle, cried when his mother abandoned him, laughed when Sherlock tickled him, pointed a gun at the man’s chest, met Mycroft, and learned how incomplete and alone he’d been his entire life until the end of those thirty one days.
While the data was loading, John put his foot on the break and slowly shifted the stick to ‘D.’ With a grin he couldn’t help plastered on his face, John released the break and pressed the accelerator. The car moved forward with the woman still yelling at him to ‘stop right now!’
. “John,” he whispered again and kissed away a few of the stray tears before they left dark navy splotches on the light blue pillow case.
Sherlock just smiled at the adorable boy that was now his, a wave of lust shooting through him as their fingers touched when he passed over the bottle. He clinked their glasses together, planting another seed in the teen’s receptive mind, “Well then, to new mates and new experiences.”
John thought it strange that the normally impatient man before him was offering to wait to ask questions. Deciding he wanted to get the questions about Jim over with, John closed his eyes and swallowed deeply, wincing at his raw throat. “Go ‘head.”
“I’ve only heard of the technique, but I’ve never seen it done,” John said, “but I think it is going to be the only way Sherlock will learn to control his hunger. He is too obsessive, too manipulative, too hungry, to be able to stop by himself.”
“Their hearts are different. John was alone, now he has me and I have him. We love each other.” Sherlock countered, knowing full well the Irishman had printed out their text messages, instant messages, and most likely hacked into the cameras he’d placed into John’s old house. It made his blood boil but they had already been down that road many times before and Sherlock had learned the hard way it was pointless to keep something from this man. Jim was like a virus, every time a cure was discovered to get rid of him, the disease had already adapted and was ten times more deadly. “But I wouldn’t expect you to understand something like that. Oh, yes, how is your mindless plaything? What was his name…oh, yes Sebastian. How is the young chap, almost seventeen now, correct?”
“This is a one time only offer. If you do not accept it now, then the contents will never be brought up again. Ever,” Mycroft said, giving John a stern glare to prove his point.
“No, that’s it, don’t you see? He wants me, so I can be the bait and then you can catch him, it’s perfect!” John shouted, a wide smile growing on his face as he waited for Sherlock’s approval. However, that approval would not come, would never come when John tried to revert back to his old ways of being the martyr. The detective’s face grew dark as he stared down the boy until John’s smile turned to a frown. “It’s the only way, Sherlock,” he tried once more. The rub of it was though that yes, of course it was a brilliant plan. Talk to Moriarty at the chat room, make him think he was talking to John, convince him the boy was angry at Sherlock and wanted to go home, and then the spider would leave its web and come to his to be exterminated.
He tried to reach up and pull whatever it was off, but there was something around his arms too, keeping his hands free but unmovable behind his back. “Calm down, calm down,” the words were laced by a commanding tone, but John was in such a state of distress that his brain completely ignored the Dom’s words. He squirmed and kicked, breathing heavily through his nose, which thankfully was not obstructed by the muzzle. That’s when the memory hit him, ‘
“Ummm, yeah a Coke sounds great,” the teenager shouted back, kicking himself when his voice cracked.
“My…croft,” Sherlock whispered from the bed. His voice sounded pained, making something inside the elder Holmes break. Mycroft looked over for a split second, then was met by a whooshing wind. John stood in front of him now, his blue eyes tired, but hyperaware.
“Well, it was very nice to meet you John,” Mycroft bowed his head to the young boy lying in his brother’s arms. “I will leave my number in your mobile in case you ever need to get in touch with me, yes? Sherlock, walk me out,” it was not a request but a demand and Sherlock knew not to push his luck.
Next on the laundry list was to recruit Lestrade because if shit hit the fan, it was always important to have the Detective Inspector on the rolodex. His driver took Mycroft to his own office and Anthea texted saying the DI was on his way and that she had taken the liberty of purchasing a bottle of Bulleit Rye Whiskey as it was Greg’s choice liquor. He would be forever indebted to his assistant and honestly, didn’t know what he would do without her.
John became fully alert at that. He knew exactly what he was supposed to say at this point. Greg and Mycroft were having sexual relations, which would destroy both of their credibility. The man who took Molly in and treated her like the sweet girl she was, and the man who took John in, fed him, clothed him, and oh, not to mention saved his life.
“He said he would wait! That proves it right there, Mycroft, don’t deny me just to take revenge for all the paper work and expensive scotch you had to buy to bail me out.”
The sirens echoed through the streets as people swarmed around the two cars. With hooded eyes, Greg looked over at the other car and noticed the driver had disappeared from sight. “Damn,” was all he said before the pounding in his head brought about darkness.
“I’m glad,” and John could hear the smile in Sherlock’s voice when he placed the mobile back on the table. “Would you like to try and call your mum again?”
“Good, let’s go sit over by Greg, then.” John kept both hands on Sherlock the whole time as they made their way over to the couch. When Sherlock was sitting right next to the human, he thought he was going to lose it. The pull to drink from the bright red lines flowing through the man’s body was so strong; Sherlock didn’t know how John was so calm.
John whined deep in his throat and gripped Sherlock’s arm for dear life. Now that they were in the depths of Hell, John wouldn’t let go of his Dom for anything.
He inhaled deeply, pinpointing the soap he had smelled in the shower and dirt from holding the longboard. The look in John’s eyes told him his excuse was accepted and it was time to lighten the mood. “What kind of longboard is that? Landyachtz?”
“John,” he pulled the boy back far enough so they could look each other in the eye but their legs and arms were still tangled together, forming what looked like pale Wisteria vines creeping up the bed. “I want you to listen to me very carefully. What I’m about to tell you might upset you but I want you to know it is the truth. I have one condition,” Sherlock used his thumb to wipe away a stray tear on the soft cheek, “you are not allowed to say anything or leave until I’m done talking, do you understand?”
“My friends, you’re taking care of them. Giving them more than I ever could and I-” John paused, tears burning his eyes and clumping up his throat. “Just, thanks.”
The nurse looked horrified by the Sub’s outburst and went to press the emergency button next to Mycroft’s bed. “That won’t be necessary,” Mycroft said, reaching out with his good arm to catch her hand. “I’ll need my paperwork if I’m to leave today,” he told her, keeping his eyes on John. The deadly glare was just as potent even though the man was obviously not at his best.
“It’s alright,” John said, putting one hand around Sherlock’s neck while the other pinned both the vampire’s arms to his side. “Remember, Sherlock, patience,” he whispered seductively, licking a strip up the young vampire’s neck.
It had been two days since he was forced to live in this little cottage, and two days of drinking out of cold blood bags. They were okay, and the blow jobs he would receive from John in between his feeds were always amazing, but the blood was never enough to satisfy that new hunger, that itch that always pricked at the back of his throat and made his teeth actually ache.
“That’s okay, John, you’re just stubborn.” The little girl smiled, obviously unaware of what those words actually meant. Greg couldn’t hold back a barked laugh, earning a glare from John. She’d been listening to everything her Dom had said, and watching apparently.
while his mother was still at work. “Now for the eyes,” the man whispered fondly, pulling out a small camera that was no bigger than a button. Searching the room with his detective eye, he settled on placing one of the lenses on the ceiling fan above the bed and the other on a bookshelf on the opposite wall and a few feet above where John slept.
The sick Irish voice rang in his mind, confirming that yes, this was the only way to save himself from the punishment he had to endure because he was too weak to hold onto Sherlock, too weak to save them, too weak to be alone. Now they were both imprisoned, Sherlock in a cage and John in a life of black in white that used to be filled with beautiful pastels.
“John,” the voice brought him out of his thoughts. John wrapped his hand over the handle, ready to pull at any second. “John, I need you to scoot forward a bit, yeah, and take your hand off the door.” John could tell Greg was ready to spring if he decided to fall, both literally and figuratively this time.
“Jim,” a frustrated voice whispered from the doorway. Greg appeared, shutting the door behind him. “It’s three in the morning, and you’re supposed to be in bed, not bothering John.”
John bit his lip, wanting to push the subject of whether or not he could use his own bliss, but deciding it could wait. With Sherlock’s unnecessary assistance, John stood up and placed his crutch under his arm. When he tried to jerk away from the long fingers holding his hips, John almost fell over and bumped his ankle against the coffee table. He hissed and squeezed his eyes together, but all he got was a ‘why can’t you just behave,’ look from Mycroft.
“I’ll have my men come pick him up. I take it your half-baked plan did not turn out to your liking, brother dear,” Mycroft’s tone seemed a little too pleased for Sherlock’s liking.
When he was done, John pulled away and licked his wrist. As John sat on the bed, waiting for Sherlock to change, his teeth drew back up and his eyes became blue again. He looked down at the man on the bed, seeing the dried blood around his mouth.
When John finally lugged the drunken man outside, he pulled him over to the side of the pub. “Here, lean up against the wall,” John told him, but didn’t give the man much of a choice. He placed a hand on the guy’s stomach and the other on the side of his head. John placed to fingers over his eyes and shut them, before tilting the stranger’s head to the side.
“How could you tell,” the boy laughed and had now put his hand under the elastic of his trousers rubbing himself in earnest.
“Easy,” the man said, his voice reverberating through his belly and onto John’s face. “Are you ready to come up?”
“Sherlock, you need to let him go,” John said, taking a step closer to the feeding vampire. Sherlock merely stretched out a pleading hand for John to join him, but he kept his teeth in the human and his eyes on Mycroft. “No, Sherlock,” John said a little firmer, “you need to let go.”
Hello again! Thank you so much for all the amazing feedback and kudos. I still can't believe how many hits and kudos this fic has received, it makes my heart happy(:
“I think I’m going to be sick, please, please pull over,” John said, playing the part beautifully, if he did say so himself. He doubled over, clutching at his belly and shaking his head. For an added effect, he spit on the ground, following up with a good burp.
When John heard the car pull away, he let Sherlock’s hands go, but he kept his full weight on him, forbidding the young vampire to rise. He slowly put his hands on Sherlock’s cheeks to hold his face still while John looked into black eyes that were slowly fading back into a light silvery blue. Leaning down and keeping constant eye contact, John let his lips touch Sherlock’s. It was brief, but as John pulled away, he let his tongue flick Sherlock’s bottom lip.
. John shook his head slightly against the side of the man’s chest, knowing the only reason Sherlock said that was because he had a gun pointed at his chest. It was a stupid move, John knew, not only dangerous but childish as well to point a gun at somebody; especially the only ‘somebody’ who seemed to care about him.
It was nice, John decided, nice to not have to be on the floor, nice to be warm, nice to not have to worry about anything or anyone.
“No, don’t leave me! Ahh!” Sherlock’s body straightened out, then arched off the bed as his muscles tensed.
“I need some of your blood. What little I know about vampires, I have observed your blood doesn’t flow like humans, so I can’t draw from your arm. Here, give me your finger.” Sherlock reached out, holding his hand as if inviting John to dance.
“He’s changing. He needs to stay here, with me,” John breathed, his voice seemed a little less human with almost two tones.
Tears of panic and all the unnamed feelings that ran through his mind, poured from his face. John turned the corner, praying that the collar remote had a small transmitting radius. The thing that worried him even more though, was where the fuck was he going?
“Why….why you do that?” John asked dumbly, his mind floating away as the ground disappeared below him.
“Dry off and then come into our bedroom. I want to put the collar on you,” was all Sherlock said before he stood up, placed a towel around his waist and left John alone and hard in the bath tub.
As he was leaving the house however, the temptation to grab a pair of black briefs from the teen’s laundry bin for tonight’s little chat was too much for any man. Shoving it into the black bag, Sherlock pulled out his phone to ensure all three cameras were working and the family was still a far, and then strode out of the house, locking the door as if nothing had ever happened.
John swallowed hard. This was it, the big question, the question that would either be revolutionary for Subs, or be disastrous for them. John knew where silence led him. Sub’s freedoms would be slow and far between if Mycroft’s collars were the only thing going for them. But if John did tell everyone about his findings, the future was unknown and the potential could be unlimited.
“Perhaps you will grow up as well, little brother, once you make it through your withdrawals so to speak. Which brings me to another point, if I catch you with any narcotics or those homemade drugs, I will add another five years and you won’t see John until he is twenty four, I mean it Sherlock; do not test me on this.”
“You were asleep for two days. The doctor said you were in a drug induced coma. Somehow,” Mycroft said, slightly narrowing his eyes, “you had triple the normal amount of dopamine in your system. So John, my question to you is how?”
All these thoughts helped to complete his plan, sending wave after wave of blood to his cock, filling it full until it strained visibly through his trousers.
“What!?” John snapped, trying to roll over and face the stupid git, but was stopped by a firm hand on his back.
“He claimed he didn’t remember anything over the past year, all the time we spent together…” Sherlock worked a few tears out of his silver eyes, “oh John, I’m so sorry I lied to you. I just wanted to forget that time in my life, I gave him my heart and he was able to forget about an entire year like it was nothing. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” He closed his eyes, waiting for that comforting small hand and when it finally touched his face, Sherlock knew he’d beaten Moriarty. Although, most of the credit was owed to his John, the kind loving heart that calmed his lover’s mind so effortlessly. With this loving gesture, the detective decided it was best to leave the story at that and deny John the full truth and save him from the more…ugly details of what happened with Victor. There was just no need to upset the boy more, after all.
“I see,” was all Sherlock said, his voice curious. “Let’s head downstairs. I’m sure it won’t do you any good to keep Mycroft waiting.”
“John, please, let me explain. Calm down and let’s talk this over like adults, yeah,” Sherlock stood up slowly, attempting to play the ‘youth’ card that had worked so well on his boy before. This time though, his effort was met with John turning his back on him and running as fast as he could upstairs.
“Piss off,” Sherlock deadpanned, bringing a laugh from John because yes, he could see the Dom getting punched in the face after displaying that kind of observation. As John laughed though, in the back of his mind was that one nagging piece of information that told him Sherlock knew where Harry was and he was going to tell Greg exactly where to find them.
“Cheers,” the boy smiled and took a long sip of the dark brown ale. He tried hard not to scrunch up his nose at the bitter taste, but he failed miserably causing the other man to giggle at him. “It’s not bad, I guess but I don’t see how people can drink this one with dinners and stuff.”
“He’ll like that, I think. Well, like I said, I’ll drive you three to the Dom/Sub Affairs Center while Donovan heads the Subs transport.”
John cocked his head at the display of affection. He had suspected, but now it was confirmed that the two men were secret lovers. It was a good thing to know in case this whole thing turned on him, but of course he would never speak a word if the circumstances didn’t call for it. Secretly, he was quite happy for them; love was hard, sometimes impossible, to find in this cruel world.
“Jim, sweetheart, what’s got you so worked up?” She asked, subconsciously trying to sooth the frantic Sub.
When they arrived at the rear exit, Mycroft opened the door to a thankfully empty lot. Greg was in his car waiting for them, but there were no journalist in sight.
“I said stop it!” John shouted one more time, then hung his head in defeat. He knew there was no way he could fight off Sherlock, no way he could stop his body from responding to being filled up.
It was always hard on Greg. Though he was a phenomenal hunter, the man just seemed to abhor killing in general. Sherlock remembered on Greg’s first kill, the man had thrown up something awful. His heart was growing harder against the begging and pleading of their prey, but it obviously still took a toll on him.
“Don’t you dare, ‘brother mine,’” Sherlock said, anger and disdain lacing his tone, “you have the exact same feelings. I saw how you almost ripped Magnussen’s head off back there.”
“I will have blood sent once a week. There is a refrigerator that will keep the stock fresh,” Mycroft said, his eyes flickering from his brother to his mobile. John could tell the man was worried for his little brother, but was trying his best not to let it show. It made the old vampire smile. It had been a long time since someone had cared about him like Mycroft did for Sherlock. They might not show it on the surface, but John could smell it on them; a particularly delicate smell of jasmine and tea.
A voice in John’s head yelled but it didn’t sound like his own, it was deeper and smoother, Sherlock’s voice.
Hello everyone! Thank you so much for all the continuous support for this story. This will be the last chapter in part two, one because I'm running out of song titles by Elton John, and two, things are going to be changing for John and it just seemed appropriate.
With a huff, the nurse left the room, leaving the three Doms and two Subs. “I am not-” John started to say, but was cut off by Mycroft.
“A perfectly. Functional. Sub.” John let the words roll off his lips, the disgusting flavor making him want to throw up. Jim was their lab rat!
When his eyes opened again, Sherlock could see everything and then some. As he breathed in, a smell so delicious it made his mouth begin to water hit his nose. He sighed loudly, examining the room to find a nurse facing away from him as she filled out paper work. There were red glowing lines running all throughout her body, indicating where Sherlock was supposed to bite for the maximum amount of blood.
John knew he was losing this fight and that lead was going to be attached to the already degrading collar.
He had to convince the Sub that it was dangerous, to himself and others. Sherlock couldn’t live with himself if John ended up like those Subs they pulled out from the Resistance base.
Two men had barged into the room, only allowing John a small but deep cut in his inner thigh before they removed the knife from his hand and pinned him to the bed. Mycroft had waited with John as a private doctor patched him up, which only required one embarrassing plaster. The two brothers had a long conversation outside the door as John sat staring at the ceiling, picturing himself lying in a pool of blood and his eyes closing peacefully.
“So, John has the first generation collar, where it shocks him. But this new one can only provide bliss?” someone asked.
John knew the man was trying to bait him, he wasn’t stupid, but his resulting action was and the boy paid for it in spades. Before his knees even lifted from the ground to…do what, he hadn’t really thought that far ahead but in the end it didn’t matter and a burst of pain, stemming from his neck, shot all the way down his spine, bringing a cry of pain from the boy’s lips. “Hnnggn,” John’s whimpers turned into growls as he braced himself on shaky arms and legs, panting like he’d just run five kilometers. The pain had only lasted five, maybe seven, seconds until the room was silent again and Mycroft was standing above him like nothing happened. “What?” Before he could even catch his breath, another wave of pain shot through his body, making the small bump on the back of his neck throb and ache while he continued to shake and shiver on the floor.
John jolted, rolling over to see a tall woman with black hair pulled tightly into a ponytail. “Who are you?” John asked, ready to hit the panic button on the side his bed.
Slowly, he reached out for the phone, looking back towards the bedroom door every other second to make sure no one was coming. Another knock from downstairs and the sound of Sherlock yelling “I’m coming,” forced John to snatch the phone up and cradle it in his hands. The first thing he noticed when he turned it on was there were no missed calls, which surprisingly didn’t hurt as much as he thought it would.  Then, he scrolled down to his mother’s number, staring at it for only a moment until the ninety-five percent of his brain told his finger to hit call. He held the phone to his ear, closing his eyes tightly and praying no one would pick up.
“They took us, me and John, they took us to their headquarters,” Jim said quickly into the phone. He had to hurry, had to get help for John, the only person who had ever sacrificed anything for his wellbeing.
It took him a good hour and a half to reach John’s house, all the while he kept checking his mobile to ensure the boy was still at school and his mother was at work. When they pulled up to the house, Sherlock had to calm every bone in his body so he didn’t just jump out, track down John and take him home then and there. However eager the man was, he knew the hunt was the best part and would be damned if he ruined it by jumping the gun. He paid the cabbie, grabbed his bag of goodies, and headed up to the door.
“And what do you propose we do when we get to your little cabin,” John asked, running his hand through a sleeping Sherlock’s hair. It wasn’t going to be easy, that was for sure. But John was confident that he could train Sherlock to control his hunger to a point where he didn’t need to kill his victims to feed. They would need blood though, lots and lots of blood to sustain Sherlock’s newly changed body, and John needed to eat too unless they wanted another incident like Baker Street.
John lowered his head, knowing all this information was on his phone and computer. It wouldn’t do him any good to lie now and tarnish his credibility. “He said he was seventeen.”
“I believe your language will be the first issue you and I will discuss once Sherlock has had his turn with you,” John’s eyes widened, a few pieces of the puzzle finally clicking into place. His face must have showed his realization because the corners of Mycroft’s mouth twitched slightly as he stared at the boy. “Ah, so you understand now, yes?”
“Well, do you remember when Khan caught Chekov and Terrell?” Sherlock was literally squirming on the couch now, cupping his ear protectively.
“Also, double check all of the text messages, I believe John told one Mike Stamford about Sherlock, we need to nip that in the bud fast and keep an eye on both his mother’s and Mike’s phone records, as well.”
“No! No, let me go! Sherlock!” John shouted at the top of his lungs. He tried to squirm out of their grip, but his shoulder hurt so badly, there was no way he could keep it up.
When he arrived to the end of the table, he sat there, waiting for more instructions. A large hand came around his neck, pulling him in closer until the side of John’s head was pressed up against the warmth of the older man’s thigh. “Good boy,” he heard Mycroft’s voice above him, accompanied by a hand running through his hair.
“Oh, don’t worry about that, my little Doctor,” Sherlock smiled at him, sending uncontrollable warmth down his spine and appendages. John never understood how Sherlock had such an effect over his mind and body. He knew why, of course, but the how was far above anything John could comprehend, let alone fight against. It was as if Sherlock had made him just as dependent on him, as the Detective was on John. It was unsettling to say the least, but the sensations John felt threw a large wool blanket over those worries whenever Sherlock was around. That was always the rub though as John needed to be away from Sherlock to let the fog clear so his mind could come up with a solid escape plan; however, Sherlock never left him alone for more than five minutes at a time.
Sherlock let his lips go, and with a smile, started washing over John’s arse and thighs. He held John steady while he squatted before the shorter man and took him completely into his mouth. John gasped as blood immediately rushed to his limp member, making it grow while it was still inside Sherlock’s mouth. With an expert tongue swirling over the head, John let his head drop back and grabbed the mop of brown curls between his legs.
It was strange how unaffected John was at that moment though. Whether from his emotional state or perhaps his body was used to that certain bliss now, John had no idea, all he cared about was…was, well, he really didn’t know anymore. He cared about Harry about Molly, about all the Subs really, but there was nothing he could do, nothing he could do when he was stuck with the stupid collar around his neck.
It took thirty minutes for Sherlock to finally retract his teeth and stop struggling against John’s hold. Greg looked exhausted and terrified, but finally relieved that he didn’t have a vampire lunging at his neck with the only thing protecting him being another vampire. John sighed, but still held on to his vampire.
The eldest Holmes showed no sign that he had heard what happened, or even cared for that matter. He only took a bite of his eggs and continued reading. “Anthea will be here in a few minutes, John. Now, sit down and eat.”
John, who sat in the kitchen with a cup of tea and an old copy of ‘Oliver Twist,’ was attempting to condition Sherlock like a dog. And Sherlock, who might be a blood sucking vampire, was not a mindless dog. Every meal time John would bring out a bag of blood and let Sherlock drink half. Usually, Sherlock would hand it back, but sometimes the young vampire would try to drink it all before John could grab it away from him. John would hiss and Sherlock would relent, feeling an odd twinge on his neck where his sire had bitten him.
“Look, Mycroft-” was all John could say before white hot pain shot through his neck and down to every joint in his body. Tears fell from his eyes, pooling at the bottom of his chin until they fell to the ground.
Within seconds of making contact and tasting a bit of iron in his mouth, John fell back with a shout as his collar was triggered. “That is it!” Mycroft yelled, holding his injured hand up to inspect the damage. Sadly, John had only pierced the skin with one tooth, while the others only left whitee indentions.
“Well, well, so Moriarty was right, after all,” a tall, skeletal man, with thinning gray hair said smugly, looking around the room in disgust. “Humans, hunters no less, harboring vampires. I thought I saw potential in you, Lestrade.” Without a second glance, the hunter shot Greg with some sort of dart.
“Of course,” she said, pulling out a few pieces of paper from the folder and sliding it over to everyone at the table.
“How are you? You don’t look so good, mate,” Greg said, taking a step around his own trolley and towards John.
“I don’t understand,” John said, because he didn’t. His feet just moved on instinct, other than that, he couldn’t really remember what happened.
To John’s surprise, Sherlock actually purred against his side, digging his body deeper into the old vampire. “I’ll take that as a yes,” John said, genuinely laughing for the first time in a very, very long time. No matter how selfish it sounded, John knew he wouldn’t be lonely for at least five years because of what he did to Sherlock. It had been at least one hundred years since he’d had another immortal to share his life with, and hopefully, Sherlock would stay with him for the rest of their eternal lives.
“Of course he’s not feeling alright,” Harry said, grabbing John’s bicep. “Those arseholes brainwashed him and now he’s not our John anymore! It’s going to be okay though, isn’t it Jim?”
“I know,” Sherlock said, because he did know. It was in a vampire’s very nature to kill humans for their blood, just like it was his to track them down and ram a stake through their heart. With that, he pulled the trigger, launching a stake at high speed through the beasts blood hungry heart.
“It will be alright, John. I need you to see what happens to Subs with RDD, who do not have a collar.” Sherlock held the lead tight, not giving John a centimeter as the boy tried to get back in the car.
“Oh Johnny, you’re growing up, love. It’s normal to have those kinds of feelings for a boy or girl. I remember when I met your father; all I could think about was holding his hand and kissing him. I day dreamed so much I even failed my chemistry class that year,” she smiled fondly, reminiscing about the man who died six years ago. “But that is not acceptable for you John, do you understand me? It is completely normal for you to be attracted to someone but I will not allow your grades to suffer from this, not like I did when I was your age.” She wagged her finger at him.
There was a dark brown leather strap on top of his shirt running all the way around his chest and back to connect two cuffs around each forearm, just under his elbow. The link kept his arms secure and then two more cuffs connected at his wrists allowed for zero movement, save for clenching his hands together until they turned white. John’s chest was forced forward as he lay there, helpless and furious, staring daggers up at the man who sat calmly in his chair. John wiggled around for a good five minutes, spitting muffled obscenities and straining his shoulders to break the leather.
“You should be, take your trousers and pants off so you can feel me touching you.” Giving orders was a big step and Sherlock knew it might be too soon, but the boy was so blissed out right now it just might work. It did, placing the phone on his heaving chest, John used his free hand to pull down both his pants and trousers, and then shimmied them down to his ankles, his left hand never leaving his cock. When he could hear the teen’s breathing come back to the phone, Sherlock continued, “can you feel me touching you? Your strong chest, your smooth stomach, your full cock, your beautiful arse?”
That’s when one of his many brilliant ideas popped into his head. He could go on a recon mission and spy on Mycroft.
“I can’t stay here Sherlock. It’s not right, this isn’t my life. I’m not yours, I’m not a thing,” before John could finish his sentence, the hand on his chest tightened painfully. He began kicking his legs only to have Sherlock’s longer ones lift up and over his. A growl hit his ears, halting all the boy’s movements.
“Do you think…umm…in ten years, will he still want to be with me?” John asked, his innocence painful.
“It might be overwhelming at first, John, as your body is still acclimating to Bliss, but in time you will get used to it. Just accept it, let it wash over you, that’s it,” the Dom continued to coach and praise while John’s thighs wobbled as he tried to stand up. It was actually easier than he thought to slowly flush out the chemicals telling his body to create dopamine, especially when the bliss was nowhere near as deep and fulfilling like when Sherlock put him down.
He groaned quietly as the nurse placed an oxygen mask over his face. “John…John,” he breathed, his voice muffled by the plastic. He needed John, why, well that he didn’t know, but he needed him more than life itself. The marrow in his bones, the pores in his skin ached for John’s touch.
“Oh,” the boy sounded crushed, giving the older man ample time and opportunity to swoop in and pick up the pieces.
“Oh,” John said dumbly, as he started to brew the kettle. “Are you sure you’re feeling okay? I’ve never seen what happens to the people I drink from. Any type of withdrawal symptoms?”
Just thinking about the gorgeous college student kissing him made John almost come right in his trousers in the middle of class.
“Good,” Sherlock replied, placing one more kiss on the boy’s lips, making him chase after it to make the contact last longer and then picked him up to stand as he dried them both off.
“Who are you people? Why did you do this?” John asked, knowing that there were at least two other people in the back of the van.
Sherlock was breathing heavily, his face pale, but John could tell the man’s mind was moving a mile a minute. “Do it again,” Sherlock said, “I need to document the effects now that I won’t be taken by surprise.
Hey all! Sorry about the delay! This chapter was suppose to be a lot longer, but I wanted to post something. Hopefully, I will get part 2 up before the end of this coming week. I'm condo hunting right now, so every time I get on my laptop I go to Zillow instead of writing. Damn living is expensive!
John used his crutch until he arrived at the podium, placing it on the side where the public could see it, just as Mycroft instructed. “Hi,” John said into the microphone, his voice meeker than he wanted.
Shaking his head to clear his mind, John stepped out of the tub, pulling the plug to drain out the cursed water and then wrapped the largest towel he could find around his waist. When he made his way into the room, John froze at the sight of Sherlock sitting on the bed and Mycroft standing next to him with a thick leather collar in his hand. He hadn’t even realized he was backing up until Mycroft commanded him, “come in and kneel before me, John.”
Quickly, Sherlock let the predator take over and he used his master manipulation abilities to try and get Mycroft closer. “M-Mycroft…please,” he whimpered, sagging just enough to appear broken, but keeping his muscles taught and ready to strike. “I need you.”
“No, I shouldn’t have acted that way. I just, I can’t lose you John and I over reacted, it’s my fault.”
When John woke up in the morning he was the happiest he’d been in a long time, even happier than playing for the high school football team. A warm sensation was running down his arms and legs, heating him from the inside as he stood up and stretched. While he was preparing his shower the smile on his face just wouldn’t come off, no matter how hard he tried, he kept beaming at himself in the mirror.
No matter how hard he fought to stay where he was, no matter how hard he kicked and screamed, Moriarty’s arms were around his torso and he was pulled down into the canyon. Away from Sherlock, alone. “Relax, John, relax,” the man said as he held John to his chest in the back seat of a car, which was not a police car John noticed and this sent him into an even greater panic. “My name is Greg, DI Greg Lestrade, okay? I’m not going to hurt-ah John calm down,” he shouted when John tried to get the door open as he  saw Sherlock being led out of the building in handcuffs.
“We have all been diagnosed with what the Doms have named RDD, but it is so much more than that. It is our ticket to take back control of this one sided world one pompous Dom at a time. And you,” she placed her hand on John’s blanket covered calf, “are key in taking down one of the final trestles holding up the IBAD network.”
Too weak and tired to put up any more of a fight, John walked over the chair and slumped down to his knees.
“Sherlock?” his head popped up, looking down at the man who gave him a crooked grin. “You’re alright, you’re…” suddenly, John’s head felt lighter than air, but it wasn’t from happiness. John leaned back on his haunches, his eyes rolling back into his head. “I don’t…I don’t feel so well,” John mumbled, as feeling in his limbs started to fade and his tongue went numb.
“There now, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” Sherlock asked, wrapping the loop at the end around his wrist. He opened his door and got out, pulling slightly on the lead for John to follow. It tugged on his collar, sending a jolt of pain through the back of his neck. It was a welcome feeling though, pain, as it helped him clear his mind nowadays.
John let Sherlock wrap him up in a brand new wool coat. The key word, being ‘let,’ as John could have punched the Dom in the gut and put on his own damn coat, thank you very much. It just seemed easier this way, though, to just hold his arms out and let Sherlock pull the warm material over him.
Anyways, I have finally chosen which ending I want to go with and I think it will please most of you and I'm really happy with it too. There will be three more chapters, unless I get carried away, until the end, but if Sherlock's last line is anything to go by...sorry, I've said to much already(:
“So, umm, what happened to me?” John finally asked, already feeling tired. He blinked his eyes a few times and chewed on his tongue and lip a bit to keep his attention focused on what was happening.
“Your prostate John, don’t they teach you anything in health class these days?” the older man tugged lightly on the tight bullocks between the boy’s legs but avoided the now hard cock.
“No, it’s because you’re a heavy fucking bastard who I can’t throw off, that’s why!” John shouted, but it came out more of a pained whimper when the bony arse shifted, grinding bone against bone. The man was right, though John would die before telling him that, it was easier when the remnants of the dopamine coursed through his veins from the last command. He just really, really wanted the pressure to be taken off his hips before they cracked. Then, as if reading the Subs mind
“Sebastian,” Sherlock acknowledged him, nodding his head. Sparing a glance at John, he winked at the boy to let him know everything was under control. He could defuse the situation easily now that he knew who was responsible for causing such a fuss. Perhaps now he wouldn’t dismember and/or disembowel Sebastian, as it would only be adding insult to injury for the poor boy who had lost his world those many years ago.
Both Doms chuckled, while Mycroft helped push John up into a sitting position. Sherlock frantically ran his hand through the boy’s blonde matted down hair. Whether from the movement of the car or from coming up from the greatest drop he’d ever had, John’s stomach began to turn. “I’m gonna…I think I’m gonna-” John said, and luckily both men knew what was about to happen.
John’s eyes told him he had given into his desires and with just a little bit more pressure, the boy was under him. Knowing it was too soon to press their hips together to show John how hard he was for him, the older man only hovered above the couch, strategically placing his knee in between the boy’s legs for extra friction later. They kissed for a moment until he felt tentative hands splaying out over his flanks. At that moment he knew his John would always surprise him and challenge his deductions. Soon, he felt one of the hands slowly move over his rapidly beating heart and smiled down at the curious teenager below him.
None of it mattered right now though when he realized his ankle was cuffed to the end of the hospital bed. He continued to sob, unable to even build an escape plan in his violated mind, when the door opened. “Get out of here, Sherlock. I really don’t want to see you right now,” John said, trying to keep the tears out of his voice.
“How?” Was all John could think to ask, confused and still hurting from the older brother’s sadistic tendencies.
“Get it off,” John whimpered, clawing at the leather around his neck. It pulled on his nape, but John didn’t care; he needed it off, now. “GET IT OFF!” John shouted and slammed his fist down on the table. He pulled at the lock with all his might, to free his throat from the suffocating burden.
Please enjoy and as always I would love to hear your comments on the latest update! Have a great weekend.
“You are,” Mycroft told him, “I signed her emancipation papers the same time I bought her. She was mine for a mere five seconds.”
The man gave a loud grunt, burying his face into John’s neck and suddenly the man felt heavy and the wetness in his crotch and now on his thigh was starting to become uncomfortable as he came down from his orgasm. As if the man had read his mind, Sherlock jumped up with a massive grin. “I think we kind of ruined our clothes, did you bring pajamas with you or do you need to borrow some of mine?”
“John? Do you want to tell me about the other Subs?” That should have been an odd question, John tried to tell himself, but shivers of pleasure running through his body told him there was nothing to worry about.
“I will leave,” John’s eyes grew wide before he even finished his sentence, “John, it’s okay, I will leave because I’m sure he has eyes on Baker Street. Then, when I see him enter I will…take care of him before he even gets to you,” it was best for John to think he was going to turn Jim over to the police, even though he would do nothing of the sort. “He is not going to knock, John listen to me, focus,” he gripped the trembling boy by the shoulders. “I need you to be a strong boy for me, okay? I won’t let him take you, I promise. He is going to come in and I want you to wait for him up in our room. Whatever you hear downstairs you will not leave that room, do you understand me?”
All he knew was when a Dom laces their voice with whatever catalyst drug inside them, it sends a Sub to their knees in a split second, making them pliant and…well, submissive. Luckily though, John’s Receptor never seemed to pick up on the full effect. The strongest sensation he’d ever had from a direct order was a slight tingle down his back, making him laugh when his father tried to command him again.
“Yeah,” he said, not seeing the big deal. Sherlock was his Dom, he took care of him, fed him, helped him fall asleep, so yeah, Sherlock was definitely his Dom. “I mean…unless,” John started to feel less sure of himself as those silver eyes pierced into his soul. “Unless you don’t want to be. I mean, that’s fine too, I guess.” John said, reaching to take the cloth from the man’s hands.
“You took a quick nap there for a moment, yeah? Are you feeling okay?” Sherlock asked, forcing John to pull himself a little bit closer back to the surface in order to answer the question. He reached up to rub the sleep from his eyes to realize one arm felt lethargic from his sleep while the other just felt heavy.
When they arrived outside, the woman put another hood over John’s face before David put him in the back of another van.
“Sherlock,” the boy moaned when the detective finally touched the tight puckered hole he wanted from the first moment he talked to John in that chat room. It was all down to this final scene and the play would be over and John would finally be his.
“I can’t help it! Please!” the vampire began to struggle even more, causing the twine to push into his skin.
“Wha-what’s ha-hap-happening to-“John started to panic when his vision showed three out of focus Sherlocks coming closer to him but his legs felt like he’d just run thirty miles and were ready to collapse. He hadn’t even realized he dropped the plate.
“B-Because I was on the chat room, I wanted to stay with Sherlock, I wanted to bait Moriarty…I-I’m the reason he’s in jail! I caused all this!” John tried to hold it together and was giving it a valiant effort until the end when he let out the most horrible sob Mycroft had ever heard. It was naïve, of course, Mycroft knew but that didn’t matter because John believed it, John blamed himself for…
“Yes, he’s just in a sleep like state that can only be lifted when I seal the wounds on his neck. Only one of you should be here when I wake him up,” John said, taking the empty glass from Greg and bringing it to the small kitchen.
“By ‘messed up’ you mean going to Oxford and inheriting more than you or I will ever see? Is that the kind of ‘messed up’ you are talking about, Lestrade?” Mycroft put emphasis on the term ‘messed up’ as it always frustrated him at how flippantly it was used and the meaning was too broad to have affect.
“John…you have saved my brother’s life twice in the literal sense, and many more times in other ways that only a few are able to understand.” Mycroft paused for a moment, gazing deep into John’s eyes.
“A tracker, I think, glued to the can. I’ve never seen one like it before. It was as flat as paper, hell I wouldn’t even have thought to look if you hadn’t said something.”
he easily found John Watson and Mary Morstan’s location on his laptop. Mary had two sisters, mother deceased, but father living in Whales,
“And my blood,” Sherlock added, still not giving John his full attention. The best way to capture prey is to get the comfortable, which meant not staring at them like they’re a piece of meat.
“Depends, I want to find you guys some new coats and a few medical supplies. Then Jim, you take Molly and look for any cash they might have lying around. What else do we need, food wise?” He looked over at his sister.
“Good, so everything has been taken care of, correct? I’m not going to find out a month from now that these documents are just for show. You know how I don’t like surprises, Timothy.” Sherlock glared at the man, who immediately paled and unconsciously took a step away from the detective.
“But it won’t happen again and you will never find them if I have anything to say about it,” John tried to pull his hand away but was met with a steel grip.
“You son of a bitch!” he heard Jim shout from behind him. When John turned around he saw his once friend, red faced and pointing a pistol right at his stomach.
“Don’t!” he shouted, his face red as he shoved Sherlock away. He stood up, wobbling a bit on his bad leg, “I bet that’s ex-exactly what you told him, too!” John pointed at the screen, his face contorted into a sick and horrifying version of its normal beauty.
“Yes, yes, of course dear. I’m going to go over to Donna’s for a tick, will you be okay?” John nodded, not really hearing or caring what she said, “Good, it’s best you get a good night’s sleep for your first day back at school, yes? Good night, love,” She gave him a quick peck on the cheek and then he walked up stairs to the room she’d told him was his.
Licking his lips, he checked the man’s pulse, making sure he hadn’t taken too much. “Thank you,” John said, patting the man’s cheek, which almost knocked him over. “Let’s see where you live, shall we.” He supported the man with one arm easily and reached into his back pocket, pulling out his wallet. Save for a couple of quid and ID, there wasn’t much in the wallet. It was enough though, and John quickly found an address.
Sherlock only shushed him again, using his position and greater strength to hold John to him with only an arm and two legs, allowing his other hand the freedom to focus on the small patch of skin just above the hip bone.
Sherlock checked to make sure the clasp on John’s right arm and leg and the collar attached to another chain were secure before he slowly got onto the bed. He stood tall on his knees and loomed over the sleeping form. With a giant grin on his face, Sherlock began running his hands clinically over John’s entire body.
The entire east wing has crumbled down, making the house sag in a way that looked all too dangerous.
“He doesn’t want me, John,” Sherlock looked at him, no longer just a hint of fear though, now there was a world of terror radiating from the man’s body. “He’s jealous and wants what I have.”
“I know,” he whispered and forced his way past the only resistance keeping him away from what was his.
“Yes, yes, Molly is fine,” the voice said, causing John to instinctively turn around to only see the open door with half of Mycroft’s body visible as he talked to the man named Gregory outside the room. “She just keeps talking about other Subs named John, Harry, Mike, and…Jim,” Greg said and John could tell he was reading off a list of the information he’d retrieved from Molly.
“There he is!” a man yelled, and the next thing John knew two men lifted him up, one on his feet and the other on his torso.
She assumed he was dead without question, abandoned her son to a fate unknown. The goodness he felt when he’d woken up was gone, replaced with cold emptiness, deeper and darker than any chasm known to man.
“Feisty little thing, aren’t ya?” Moran said, giving John a wide grin. “In a nut shell, I’m going to save you and kill Sherlock.”
Greg couldn’t stifle the laugh as he helped his friend to stand. “Do shut up, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, getting his brother’s arm over his shoulder to support the man’s wobbly knees.
“You did promise him, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, lifting his arm up and around John’s back, tucking the Sub close.
“Of course I will,” he mumbled into the boy’s hair, feeling the heat of blush rising into the boy’s face and scalp. It large angry pit formed in his stomach, knowing the reason John blushed at any compliment was because he had received too few in his old life. That was over now, though, and he would make sure to worship John’s body and soul every day for the rest of their lives.
In less than five minutes, Sherlock had removed the hard shell of both casts and started unwrapping the protective cloth exposing pale skin. “Wonderful, how do they feel John?” Sherlock asked rubbing his hands over the skin, sending shivers up John’s spine at the first contact the skin had seen in a month. “Hmmm, sensitive I see,” the man chuckled, “perhaps I should lock your cock up so it can’t be touched for a month.”
“Wow, did you really find a cure?” he heard Greg ask, but John didn’t understand, nor did he care what the Dom meant. John just wanted to listen and then discuss details. “John, can you hear me?”
Okay, so this is it guys. Sherlock's POV of his first sexual encounter with John. It is not as bad as I originally thought it was going to be, but by the end it is gets pretty intense. So please, PLEASE, look at the updated tags and know that this is dub-con verging on rape because John is a minor and unsure. If you are easily triggered by these things, DO NOT READ. I do not wish to upset or trigger somebody inadvertently, so just be aware of what you are getting into.
Sherlock was getting dressed for the day when he received the phone call he had dread since John had become his. It was Mycroft’s name on the screen, and Sherlock already had a bad feeling in his gut when he answered the phone. “What’s wrong?” he asked, walking down the steps.
“I don’t see why you’re so bashful. I’ve already seen you naked,” Sherlock said, as if they were talking about a football game.
John fisted the hem of his shirt, darting his eyes back and forth between Mycroft and Sherlock. He didn’t want to do this, but also really, really didn’t want to be shocked again. There was no way out of this mess and now it was time to pay the piper
Sherlock said nothing in response, but continued to stare at his brother. His patience was wearing thin, and that bow caster in his bag was looking more and more appealing.
“Just a mate from school, I’ll see you later mum,” he gave his mother a quick peck on the cheek, then was out the door, digging for his phone again.
“You’re…You’re crazy, that’s what you are,” John said. He had to get back to Sherlock, he would know what to do, and if he didn’t then Mycroft always knew what to do in dire situations. Mycroft saved his life for Christ’s sake, and these people almost killed him by blowing up an entire building.
“Sherlock, what are you doing in here!” Mycroft snapped, walking into the room with a tray of food. “I told you to stay in bed. Your arm needs rest.” It was the first time John had noticed that Sherlock’s forearm was wrapped in white plaster, much like John’s foot.
“Sherlock got ten years in prison. Can I go up to my room, now?” He asked, not wanting to hear her rant about the reports again and how much hair spray she had to use to make sure her hair was perfect when they went out because who knew who was in the bushes wanting to get a photo of her famous boy.
“You’ve been robbed,” John choked out, holding back a laugh. They walked in to see the entire front room ransacked. Sherlock bent down, pulling a knife out of a note on the floor.
The silence in the room was broken when Greg and Mycroft came into the room. “Well would you look at that,” Greg chuckled, looking over at the unlikely pair. “Found someone who can actually stand to be around you, eh Sherlock?” The Dom laughed, walking over to kneel in front of the little girl.
Let Lestrade know what was going on but ensure it would cause no extra work for the man and of course continue wiring their agreed upon sum to his ill mother in Leeds for babysitting his little brother.
Patience and control equals pleasure. Sherlock could play along, play by the vampire who played doctor and tried to blend in with the humans rules. He had always wondered what it would be like to become like the animals that he killed. Now that he was one, Sherlock realized what vampires truly were; the apex predator. He could see things now, hear things, that showed him exactly how he needed to strike in order to conquer his prey.
Running on fear and stubbornness alone, John was able to scoot his body forward enough to fall on to his knees. A shot of pain ran through his neck, causing the teenager’s core muscles to give out and flop down face first onto the rug covering the hard wood floor. The pain, like needles starting from his spine and making their way up to his brain continued until he finally stopped squirming. W
Sherlock had to hide the proud smile on his face when yet again, John surprised him by his actions. He knew his brother might not approve of his methods, not many would, but once Mycroft was informed of Sherlock’s plan, John would fall even deeper into the trap. All the foot holds, the ropes, the ladders had to be removed for John to finally drop down the well and into Sherlock’s waiting embrace. “I swear I will, Sherlock,” his voice was a dark whisper, “and you know he’ll be on my side. Don’t,” was the last word John said, sending a beautiful shiver up the Detective’s spin.
“You,” he paused, reassuring himself that this had to be done and Mycroft was the only one who was willing to do the dirty work pulling the weeds away so the flowers could grow again. “You blame yourself for wanting to stay,” John’s face contorted slightly, unable to hide what he knew deep down was true, “and for not being strong enough to carry the things Sherlock offered to carry for you, does that sound about right?”
Suddenly, John’s vision went from red to a calm yellow hue. He didn’t know how it had happened, but Sherlock was whispering in his ear and rubbing one hand along his back and the other through his hair. “Shh, easy, easy” he said as if trying to calm a wild colt. “Let him finish, John, and then we can discuss the details.” John hadn’t realized he was basically in a choke hold until Sherlock let go and righted him on the couch.
“Sherlock!” John yelled over the flames, which were considerably more abundant on the second floor. “Sherlock, please!” Going from the bathroom, to Mycroft’s room, and finally to the Sherlock’s room, which was engulfed in flames. That’s when he saw pale skin sticking out from behind the bed. “I’m coming!”
though, was the only question, John really cared about. “W-what’s going to happen to Sherlock?” he whispered, the sound barley rising above the engine.
“I said relax John, I’m not trying to hurt you but you’re hurting yourself from worrying too much,” he snapped at the boy, hating himself for it but knew that tough love was sometimes the only way to get through to his stubborn boy.
“Good boy,” Sherlock praised him, before ushering him towards the large table at the front of the room. Having the bliss flow through his veins, John followed, his feet dragging along the carpet.
Taking a deep breath, Greg made his decision and prayed to whatever God was out there that it worked. “It’s about bloody time you lot got here! What,” Greg said as he stood up and turned around to face five hunters and a League board member, “you get lost or som’phin, Magnusson?”
Sherlock sat up, placing the vial on his little table and then picking up a small torch. He crawled back over to John, straddling his hips again. John could feel Sherlock’s erection pressing into his belly, and it scratched at something deep inside him. But John was old and had self-control, so he simply ignored it.
“Thank you, John, thank you,” Jim cried, wrapping his skinny arms around John and sobbing into his chest.
“Sherlock, you must realize,” he paused, “Anthea, would you mind making us a cup of coffee, please? Thank you,” Mycroft waited until the assistant walked into the kitchen. “You hurt John, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had to admit, the short little vampire was quite adorable when he was confused. “You heard me, John. You will feed from me and I will test how different doses affect your organs. I will also be testing the effects of the amazing deadening agent you can produce.”
“There we are,” Sherlock smiled as he grabbed a particularly thick piece and marked a giant ‘S’ on one cheek, and an ‘H’ on the other. “Perfect.”
“I don’t know how to explain this to you for you to finally understand. Honestly I don’t even know if you are capable of understanding. I tried when you were with Victor but…”
He had learned his lesson. He would never do anything like that ever again. At that moment, John wanted to be good. And then, the spanking stopped, but the sizzling tingles on his backside remained. “Ow,” John whimpered, still keeping a tight grip on Sherlock’s trouser leg.
“God you taste so good, John. You feel so good,” the man below him moaned and thrust up once more and then pulled out slowly. This…this was the worst part of John’s day, the emptiness, the coldness, he was alone again and there was a chance he could float off into space, into a place where not even Sherlock could find him. “Shhh, it’s okay, we’ll use the plug next time, John,” Sherlock cooed, holding him and stroking his wet hair as the boy’s cheek rested on his shoulder. “Let’s see if you can walk downstairs on your own, yeah. Then,” he pulled the boy back to look at him, “if you make it, you can get on the laptop if you want. How does that sound?”
With a grin on his face, Sherlock left the bed and walked out of the room. John dropped his head back into the pillow with a soft thump. His body was so happy with him right now. All the blood in his system was creating a euphoric state, much like the one Sherlock was in. Just the thought of drinking from the man again sent a pleasant shiver down his spine. Sherlock was the most delicious human he’d ever had, and to top it off, the man wanted to be a meal.
“Here you go, kid,” a man said, taking off Jim’s hood. He was standing outside Greg’s building, and thankfully he still had his collar on. With time not on his side, Jim sprinted up to the front door and ran inside to the lady at the front desk.
“Says the man who just shot my best friend and ordered him to be put down like some kind of…some kind of DOG!” John felt tears form in his eyes. His throat turned dry and his stomach sank at the thought of Jim being killed because of him.
“Y-You can’t do this,” John sputtered out, trying anything that came to his mind to get out of this horrid situation he fell into. “There are laws…laws that say you can’t keep a Sub without-“
“So John, the world wants to know what it’s like living with the two most powerful men in IBAD. Any juicy details you’d like to share?”
“John,” Sherlock said, “you have to understand that we have your best interest at heart, all the Subs for that matter.”
“Yeah, I know it’s yours Molly. I’m not going to take it from you,” John laughed, poking her in the belly playfully. “Who gave it to you?”
Not even Sherlock’s breathing could be heard in the dark empty house. He sat like a statue in the darkest corner of the living room, waiting. His latest prey, one Marcus Bells, was due home any minute and would spring the flawless trap Sherlock had set for him. It was easy really, and boring to say the least, but it was his job and he did it well, very well.
“But he doesn’t need you, Sherlock,” Mycroft told him but it was obvious in every aspect of the other man’s features, his posture, that John had cracked during the month they’d been separated.
In a flash, John broke through his wrist restraints and grabbed ahold of Mycroft’s lapels. The vampire hissed, and for a moment, Mycroft thought John would latch on to his neck. Instead, John let go, looking shocked at his own actions.
“It was alright,” John decided on the short version, “how was your day?” He knew that was a bad question to ask the moment he said it, realizing his mother would take up the entire dinner time talking about new gossip at her work.
“You’re gonna be okay. You’re gonna be okay, John. You’re gonna be okay,” Sherlock chanted in his ear until finally, John’s body forced his eyes to close.
The anger in Sherlock’s eyes drained out as if John had just kicked the plug away. Now, pure sadness filled the man, as he looked away from John. An awkward silence filled the room, save for the small clinking of china from the tea cups.
The boy squirted some green goo into his palm and placed it back on the shelf, staring at the chest in front of him.
Suddenly, he was met with his frantic looking mother running towards him and John took a step back but ran into Greg, who held him by the shoulders so his mom could pick him up into a huge hug. “Oh John, I was so worried about you!” She put him down and held him by the shoulders, “do you have any idea what you put me through?”
“Me too. So I get what Doms have done, and I completely understand why you want to hurt them, but I think I have a better solution.” John said, using his ‘big boy voice’ as Mycroft so lovingly called it.
John knew it was useless to resist his body’s reactions to the man’s touches. Sherlock new how to play him better than his own violin, and oh did he love to play his John. “You feel so marvelous, John.” Bending over to press his lips right in the Doctor’s ear, Sherlock whispered, “I wonder what you feel like from the inside?”
Before John went to follow the Dom, another hand wrapped around his bound bicep and pulled him back. Mycroft held him close, the warmth from his breath tingling John’s ear as he spoke. “Do not embarrass me, boy, or I promise you will not be sitting down for a month after I’m through with you.” The threat was nothing more than a whisper, but John could feel the severity of it in his bones.
There were footsteps coming up to the room, Sherlock’s footsteps, his Sherlock’s footsteps. John closed his eyes and chanted to himself that he could control himself, he didn’t need to take and claim Sherlock, he was better than this primal animal that stalked the gates. But when Sherlock walked into the room, his sweet toasty smell hit John’s brain like an arrow.
“You can’t escape my eyes now John,” Sherlock grinned as he placed another camera just between the shower rod and curtain, above normal eye line so the Watson family would be none the wiser. The intruder looked over the shower, smelling the shampoo that coated his boy’s soft blonde hair and the soap that coated his smooth young body. A shiver of pleasure ran up his spine and down to his now aching cock, but he regained his composure, unwilling to come without John.
Angry, Sherlock thrust his whole middle finger into the tight hole, eliciting a breathy whimper from the boy. He moved his finger in and out rapidly, scrunching his face in frustration. It wasn’t working like it was supposed to, but he knew what would. If it wouldn’t be given to him, the darkness thought, then it would be taken.
“Ah!” John shouted and swung his body to try and get away from the searing pain. He knew there would be a large, possibly bloody mark that would need cleaning, and only God knows how hard it is to clean a wound on your arse by yourself. That would be another thing John would be dependent on Sherlock for. They were stacking up left and right and that’s just the way the Detective liked it.
“Mycroft?” he heard John ask. “Do you think you can give him one more?” Sherlock didn’t hear the answer but when both the frigid mouth and hand left his achingly hard cock, the vampire’s mouth started to water. He’d been good, so now it was John’s turn to produce a reward.
“Push for me,” Sherlock said, pinching a bit of tender flesh on the inside of John’s thigh. “Come on, show me what I put in you.”
“I…I don’t know, but you and John need to get out of here. Now, before they get here.” Greg slowly started to stand, putting most of his weight on the wall behind him.
A strange wave of guilt washed over him then. Mycroft had risked his own life to save him, and now John was trying to expose the man’s love life to ruin his career.
“It’s not right!” Magnussen shouted. “That collar is disgraceful, Holmes, and a waste of time. That boy should be put down, just like the rest of those abominations! Get your hands off me!” Was the last thing John heard before the man was silenced.
“Here we are,” the man said, all too soon. With shaky legs, John exited the car and looked around to see the Thames on one side and buildings with Sub occupants on the roof on the other side of the street. Suddenly, John’s stomach grew heavy and his throat clenched tightly, bringing a bright red hue to his face. He ran over to a rubbish bin just by the edge of the water and threw up the eggs, bacon, and toast Sherlock had fed him just before he left. His stomach felt better, but his heart still felt like a pulsating rock in his chest.
“Not important?! I guess that’s all we are to you, huh? Dogs who have to be put on leads and walked around like we’re just happy to be by your side.”
“’Kay,” was all John could get out before more sobs took over. He had no idea where they were coming from either. The spanking had hurt yes, but nothing that should call up such deep emotions. “I-I-I’m s-ss-sorry,” he cried as Sherlock lifted him up from his lap and began righting his trousers.
The car pulled over and Mycroft opened his door. John crawled out on his hands and knees, landing in snowy grass that chilled his knees through the thin hospital gown. He only got a few paces away before he threw up for a good while. Sherlock had come around the car and knelt down by him, rubbing a comforting hand down his back. “That’s it, let it out,” the Dom kept repeating.
Poor John's embarrassed. Sherlock is the John whisperer. Greg offers John a Deal. And yep, Mycroft's still a bastard.
“Well, ummm, yeah…yeah I am. I know I shouldn’t be it’s just I haven’t found-“John began stuttering, embarrassed at both the question and admitting his inexperience to an older bloke. Sherlock smiled as he began rubbing himself through his trousers.
He saw the boy use his good hand to stroke his cock furiously, trying to dull the pain as Sherlock pressed his hard member against the tight hole. “Oh God,” John moaned, his body tensing as Sherlock watched himself slowly disappear inside the boy. It was still way too tight and most likely causing pain but after this time he would make sure to keep John open with the plug Jim had brought him. “Sherlock, i-it hurts…please.”
John laughed. “Ha! Entertain what delusions you will, Sherlock, but killing is killing. Now either kill me or let me go, but I will not play these games with you.”
John weighed his options carefully and quickly, finally deciding to throw the Doctor off and ignore Sherlock’s initial instructions. Slowly, he let his eyes go half-mast as he turned around, offering his back to the Dom in faux-submission. To John’s delight, the man gave a pleased hum and began unlocking the restraints around the boy’s arms and wrists first, then moving to the back of the muzzle. There was a slight tingle to his skin when the leather was removed, taking massive amounts of will power not to scratch or move the newly exposed limbs.
Mycroft was sitting at the head of the table with a cup of coffee in one hand, while his other stayed nestled in a sling. He was intently reading a newspaper splayed out to the side of his plate. There were three places set, filled with generous portions of sausage, eggs, beans, and a lovely ripe tomato. John’s stomach grumbled at just the sight, but the back of his mind told him something was off about this scene.
Mycroft sighed, having experienced this three times already with the Inspector. He meant well, truly he did, but this battle with his conscious was getting on Mycroft’s nerves.
As the hand trailed down over his ear, John shivered slightly until the hand came to rest upon a collar. When he tried to look down, however, searing pain shot through his neck, sending shockwaves all the way down to his toes. “Hnnng,” John whimpered, squeezing his eyes shut.
The detective kept his features soft as he knelt down in front of John, cupping the soft wet cheeks between his palms. “And then you came along, John. You saved me when I was at my lowest, you’re my angel. The angel of Baker Street,” Sherlock chuckled, trying to lighten the mood as he rubbed a few tears away and prepared to remove the gun from the teenager’s hand.
John’s skin started to heat up with all his pent up anger and rage, but thankfully, Sherlock kept an ever calming hand on his neck. Whether it was to make sure John didn’t leap at anybody or to help sooth him, John didn’t know, but it helped nonetheless.
The hand on his shoulder tightened like a painful vice, making the teen wince and lift his shoulder out of instinct. “You’ll find out later, John,” Sherlock chimed in. “Come, let’s go upstairs and change before we go to visit Jim.” Sherlock waved him over, but when John tried to move, the pain in his shoulder grew much, much worse.
Finally in the stall, he took himself in hand and within three quick strokes he came into the toilet with Sherlock’s name on his lips and wondering what it would feel like to actually have his mate come inside him. In his mind he pictured sex to be amazing and feeling like bliss but he’d seen a few porn clips on the internet where the person on bottom was screaming, making him a bit nervous of the pain involved. However, his mind quickly turned those negative thoughts off because Sherlock was the kindest bloke he’d ever met and would never hurt him.
John took his shirt off slowly but efficiently, and then perched himself lightly on the cushioned part of the exam table. “Is this your first exam?”
“A doctor,” John gave a bashful smile and lowered his gaze, almost ashamed at wanting to aim so high with his aspirations.
“Come,” it wasn’t an order, which John was grateful for, though he knew if he really tried he would be able to resist a direct command from the man. John stood up, forcing down a groan as the muscles in his hand twitched. However, everywhere else in his body, even the normal pain at the base of his skull was practically gone.
“John honey, guess what?” She asked like he was a moron and wasn’t standing right next to her through the entire conversation.
John sighed, knowing for certain now he was not getting anything into his traumatized husband’s ears. Giving in, the Doctor placed the cap back on the bottle and set it down on the coffee table. He then scooted over, squeezing in between Sherlock and the back of the couch and wrapped his arms over the man’s chest. “I’m not scared,” the detective whispered as he twisted around to bury his face into his lover’s warm chest.
“You can’t take Sherlock out into the sun,” he said, a tad breathless. Mycroft leaned against the bed post, his face a tad more pale than normal. “He’ll…he’ll…” before the words escaped his lips, his lover collapsed to the floor.
John had stopped it though, kept his Subs away from Doms so that he wouldn’t be alone. It was time to change, because now he had a home and it wasn’t fair that Harry, Jim, and Mike didn’t.
“Yeah, well don’t think I won’t do it to you too,” John spit out, puffing up his chest and baring his teeth again.
“You most certainly will not. That would be both crude and dull, of which you are neither, John,” Sherlock chastised. The thought of ink tarnishing the beautiful golden skin, even if it was his name, made him sneer.
“Yes,” John lied, knowing if he didn’t take care of things no one else would. He averted his eyes, looking down at the white cast covering his leg. When he heard a snort from the man, he shot his gaze back up to find Sherlock beaming down at him. “What?” he tried to sound as defensive as possible.
“That’s because John’s neck was hurt in an accident, sweetheart. That’s why you need to be gentle and not yell, remember?” Greg answered, stepping into the room. John eyed the gray haired man suspiciously for a moment. They hadn’t been properly introduced, as the first time they met John had soap in his mouth. Molly looked healthier than John had ever seen her though so…
“Jim, are you okay? What happened to you?” The man’s voice was panicked. It strangely made Jim’s tummy warm to know that someone was worried about him, especially a Dom.
Hello again! Thank you to everyone who has left kudos and comments. There is a lot of dialogue in this chapter but it is important because it pretty much lays out where Mycroft and Sherlock stand and what their plans are for John.
Sherlock motioned for John to sit on the edge of the tub while he retrieved a white box full of medical supplies. “Hold your hand out,” again, strangely, not a command.
“A little,” he said in a sleepy voice, adding a yawn as his hand that had continued clutching Sherlock’s robe started to loosen.
At those words, John knew exactly who he was and what he wanted to do. No more self-conscious kid stuff, no more kidding around, no more being scared, he wanted this, no he needed this. “Hey Sherlock?”
John steeled himself, focused on his task as he got down on hands and knees to crawl towards the door, avoiding the room with the light shining.
“What’s so funny?” John’s voice dropped an octave, clearly angry at being laughed at. He gave Sherlock a little shake, but still didn’t squeeze any harder to cut of his air supply completely.
“Shhh, you don’t have to tell me yet, John,” Sherlock continued to stroke down his spine over and over again until the hands were gone and the weight on John’s bum was removed as well. “Just stay right here and don’t move. I’ll be back in a moment,” Sherlock told him. Even though it wasn’t an order, John obeyed to keep himself from coming out of the peaceful haze. There was a soft click from what John assumed was the door closing and then silence, save for the deep rhythmic breathing from his own throat.
“There you are, sir,” Anthea walked up to them, a stack of papers in her hand. “It’s time for the meet and greet. I think it best if you stand by the door with John in between you and Sherlock.”
“Oh, what are ya gonna do fairy, hit me?” The boy said when John clenched his fist. He could feel his face getting red, both from anger and embarrassment.
Since I left you guys with a pretty nasty cliffhanger, I thought I'd give you another chapter early. Plus, this chapter has an even worse cliffhanger, so again, please forgive me for my sadistic tenancies.
“Very good,” Mycroft nodded once and turned on his heel. “Get well soon,” he said just before the sliding door closed.
The elegant man strode in, his eyes the only feature betraying his worry. “Where is he?” he said, before spotting Greg on the couch and rushing over to him. “My God, what has he done?”
He looked down and saw the Detective straining in his pants, a large bulge present, which meant only one thing.
“John, both you know and I know you wouldn’t kill us in our sleep. You’re not a killer; you proved that when you took that nurse hostage and then cried because you almost hurt her.”
“Sherlock,” the monster grunted, “how nice of you to join us,” he spoke in a sickly high pitch, digging his knees into Sherlock’s groin and elbows into his chest. He growled and when he was able to get on top again, the figure below him changed…
John sighed, lying his head back down and staring up at the metal pipe above him, shivering slightly from what he told himself was the cold and not the echoes of ‘that’ voice. “He dommed me.”
John ate his meal in silence, until the doctors came in and inspected his wounds. He had visitors coming and going the rest of the time he was in the hospital. Greg came and played cards with him, Jim brought a few comic books for them to read together, and Mycroft always snuck in some cake for him to eat. But Sherlock never came to visit him, though Mycroft never said why.
“You know I don’t like it when you hide yourself from me, John,” Sherlock slowly kissed up his good leg, causing his cock to shamefully jerk in an attempt to greet the man kneeling before him. All too soon, the warm lips left him and Sherlock turned off the tap with a satisfied grunt and then shed his clothes before John could even blink. For the second time he gazed upon the older man’s body, this time though it didn’t seem as scary. He would admit,
he had told Sherlock and now John realized it was true and the only way to free them both from the burden was to jump, to cease to exist, to wither away, to become worm food, to go six feet under, to grow cold, to die…yes, he would be the burden no longer. John leaned over the rail, closed his eyes and-
Oh this was just too good. To be so close to something so powerful; swimming with Sharks couldn’t even compare. “Not on me, of course. Do you take me for an idiot?”
“Oh don’t tell me your modest, hunter,” John chuckled slightly, but kept a calming hand rubbing on Sherlock’s stomach. “Sherlock needs to be able to access your leg and I would prefer he didn’t do it through your clothes. Now, please, before he decides ripping your head off is the best way to go about getting your blood.”
“Is that so,” Sebastian scowled, but untied the final knot to John’s freedom. “You think love is so wonderful, do you? Well let’s see if love can save you now.” He lifted his arm, training the gun on Sherlock. Within a spit second, John projected himself out of the chair and straight into Sebastian.
“I’m not a child, Sherlock,” John said, looking up at those two silver eyes and that pale skin that appeared to be flawless. His eyes began to wander down to Sherlock’s lips, watching how the man’s tongue darted out to wet them. When his mind was focused on nothing but Sherlock, he forgot about other parts of his body. John had to twist and turn, closing his eyes to make his sure his lower regions didn’t come up to greet Mycroft.
“Because we were starving,” John countered, thinking that he had won their little argument. He cupped his hands again and started washing off the soap. “Keep your eyes closed,” he warned, watching the suds roll down Sherlock’s face.
“Sorry, oh sorry, thank you Mrs. Hudson, I’m just so relieved. This has some antibiotics that will help Sherlock with his ear infection.”
“I did,” Sherlock said, pulling at a key and waving it in John’s face. “Do you promise to behave yourself, vampire?” he said, adding emphasis on the ‘vampire.’
“What did you…is that a suppository?” The detective was still trying to come out of his blissful and horny state, not knowing whether he should be mad his husband tricked him, mad at himself for not seeing it coming, or proud and thankful that John did actually figure out a way to take care of him.
“Good,” she said, before her face turned dark. “Now, John, I need you to understand how serious this is. If you get caught, they cannot find out about us, is that understood?”
“Oh yes, umm, I wanted to ask about the other kids, Harry, Mike, and Jim. There have been more robberies in surrounding neighborhoods and those Subs are our main suspects. Plus, according to Molly, they are all just kids on the street, homeless and most likely runaways.”
The boy lowered his head in embarrassment, bringing pink to his cheeks at the realization that he was acting like a scared kid. Sherlock was only trying to make him feel comfortable, so John decided he would only drink a little until he knew how the beer would affect him. “No, that makes since. Thank you, this…umm, well this is my first beer. Actually no, I accidentally took a sip of my mom’s once ‘cause I thought it was Root Beer, but I spit it out before I swallowed it.”
“I, umm, I need to go to the bathroom,” John said nonchalantly, heading in that general direction. He thought he was scot-free when Sherlock had to ruin everything.
. Sherlock knew it was important for the people who worked for him to be reminded who was the boss every once and a while.
Another deep shout from Sherlock, and then Mycroft was done. “Good job, Sherlock,” he said, pulling out the gauze wrap. John was surprised at the lack of condescension in the older Dom’s voice.
“Pity,” Sherlock said grabbing a glass tube, flipping off the cork cap. “Now lie back.” Sherlock made his way toward John, who just kneeled there, not knowing what to do. He held his hand out pressing against the hunter’s chest.
“Funny seeing you here,” Sherlock said nonchalantly as he continued to walk closer to John. “I would have thought you’d be out hunting down Samantha Newbridges’ parents. She’s next on the list, is she not?” Sherlock said, putting all the pieces of the crime scene together. Archibald was a way to get Sherlock’s attention, nothing more.
John lazily tried to pull at the buttons, succeeding in only stretching the material. So, Sherlock lightly grabbed the hand and planted a soft kiss to John’s fingers, and then set it down on the bed. “Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock swore he saw a hint of a smile on his face.
John’s mouth opened to spit out some filthy retort about what Sherlock could go do to himself, but he stopped himself when the look in the man’s eyes was…well, honest. John had proof that the Dom had no issues with dropping him, even against his will. John’s nostrils flared, but when Sherlock took a step towards him, John quickly jumped into the shower, hospital gown and pants be damned.
“Yes, of course everything is alright, don’t be obtuse,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but let his fellow hunter in to the flat.
“I’m glad you’re okay too,” John told her, trying to pull away, but as always, she was much stronger and kept her brother securely in front of her.
He pulled away, licking the area to clean off the excess blood and close the wound. Sherlock whined and went limp in his hold, making John smile. His human was worn out, and now it was time to make sure he was safe and sound so he could replenish his blood supply.
John scooted a tad closer, placing a comforting hand on his husband’s shoulder. Realizing there was something deeper to Sherlock’s ear phobia, John dug deeper, “It’s like what?” Sherlock looked away, avoiding eye contact, “It’s just me Sherlock. Whatever it is, we can work it out, it’s all fine, remember?”
“There we go,” John said, pulling out and letting Sherlock lie down in the bed. He made sure they weren’t on Sherlock’s come, and then pulled Sherlock’s back to his chest, wrapping his arm around the man.
The detective already knew what the answer would be, so he sat down in his chair with the laptop in front of him and a cup of tea and John’s briefs sitting on the side table next to him.
Shaking the memories away, John turned his attention back to Greg, who was gulping down the last sip of orange juice. “I reopened his turning bite. Since I’m his sire, my DNA is already a part of him, so when my saliva reenters his system it sort of…shuts him down until I close up the wound. I’m not really sure why it works, but it is only a power given to a sire for his or her progeny. I suppose it’s a way to help control a newly formed vampire.”
“Yes, yes, please,” Jim said, remembering what Greg told him about manners, and that it was easier to catch more flies with honey than vinegar.
“Here, let’s take you up to the bedroom,” Sherlock told him, noting how John’s eyes hung half-mast. It was time to take care of his boy, that’s what he promised and that’s what he’d do, no matter what. He slipped an arm behind John’s back, splaying his hand out over slowly rising ribs. It was amazing how connected he felt with his boy just from those few touches and the feeling of John’s weight upon him. They were one.
“Look what I got!” She squealed and dug into the waist band of her trousers. The little girl pulled out a large bar of chocolate that was missing a few squares.
“Sherlock…” John could feel the man’s hard cock pressing against his lower back, anxious about what would happen next. It had hurt last time, yes, but that didn’t change the fact that he felt needed and so close Sherlock had made love to him that he thought the man might consume him. And that felt good.
Jim huddled up next to John, putting his arm around his back and his head against the older boy’s good shoulder. “We’ll be okay, Jim. I promise.” And they were. The car ride took twenty minutes, which was none too gentle on John’s injury.
“Guess what I just found out?” Sherlock said, an air of smugness floating off him. He was the first to discover the secrets of the vampires, and now he was about to explode with excitement if he didn’t tell someone. No scientist had ever had a live subject to work with before. When vampires died, they turned to ash, which wasn’t the best form to study them in. But now, Sherlock had one delicious beast tied up for the taking.
Sherlock knew any of those would be fine, but the fact that John went straight to someone else and not him, well, that was just unacceptable.
John woke up with a warm pressure on his chest and a throbbing pain in his arse. Warm breath ghosted over his throat, causing goose bumps to rise over his arms and chest. Suddenly, as if the Devil himself had rushed into his mind and turned on the light, John remembered everything that happened last night. How Sherlock had lied to him about his age, how he loved kissing Sherlock, the way Sherlock had gently washed him, told him he was beautiful and special, how Sherlock hadn’t stopped when John was crying out for him to pull out.
Blood began filling his veins, making his heart start to beat and push the much needed fluids through his limbs. John grunted and growled as he drank, not noticing that his hips began to cant, rubbing his erection against Sherlock’s slowly hardening cock. Blood was filling every orifice of his body, especially the parts that tingled with pleasure from just a mere touch. It seemed that having so much blood fill his system at once, had sent his body into some type of frenzy, making the vampire excited and uncontrollable.
“Heaven forbid,” John muttered under his breath, putting his plate away and heading up to his room. He was upset that Sherlock had already gone to bed and they couldn’t talk more, but he understood how difficult it must be going to Uni; hell, he could barely get through High school. Pulling his books out, he planned on finishing his homework, but saw Mike was in the chat room.
John did as he was told, rubbing slowly along the skin of his leg and arm while Sherlock finished his hair, back and chest. Then he felt the tell-tale sign of their bath coming to an end when a soapy warm finger pressed into him from beneath. This part didn’t hurt anymore, in fact, it was quite soothing to feel the friction and mild burn, which foretold that Sherlock would be inside him within five minutes. “I’m so glad you’re okay, John,” Sherlock whispered in his ear and John jolted when a second finger entered, hitting his prostate, which he had come to realize was his favorite body part, besides is cock, when Sherlock taught him about biology.
“Do you want your punishment now, is that it?” Mycroft practically growled. He pressed the button again, bringing John to his knees this time.
“John, you will tell Lestrade where your little band of Subs is, right now,” Mycroft commanded, sending a giant wave of calm over him. John was used to the Dom’s unique bliss by now and was able to keep his mouth shut until Mycroft pulled out the remote to John’s collar.
Now, all Sherlock had to do was worry about his meddling brother. He could handle that, easy. All he needed was John to bite him again, just one more time, that’s all.
Jim looked up at the older boy, then at Irene, hopefully. The woman’s smile broadened. “I like him,” she said to Daniel. “Okay, John, we will return Jim to his Doms. We have no use for a Sub who wants to stay chained.”
“Jim said they wanted to take off their collars, then that means they would have to have some sort of medical facility.”
Mycroft laughed to himself, mostly in relief of getting there in time but also at learning and greater understanding of his brother’s emotional attachment to John.
“How are you going to protect him from you?” Sherlock felt like he’d been hit in the gut, all the air being forced out of him.
“I’m not a damn dog!” John shouted. He had had enough of being talked about like he wasn’t even there. His neck hurt, he was starving, he was tired, and now he had to worry about Jim and Harry, who could get caught when they tried to save him.
“Very well, now I need you to take these,” Sherlock handed him the longboard, mobile and shoes, “to the beach, just in front of the Pyramid Centre. It is important no one notices you, so act very natural and don’t talk to anyone. Is that understood?”
“After breakfast we better head back to Southampton,” John pulled on his red pants and checkered sleep trousers that were lying on the floor but his shirt was nowhere to be found. The thought of leaving Sherlock left an ice cold blob in his stomach, but the relief of being away from the man calmed his over engaged brain.
“Maybe-maybe later. I’m still a bit tired and sore from this morning,” John said, squeezing his eyes together and telling his cock to back off.
“Yes, Sir,” she gave him tight lip smile because they both knew once that boy got into that car, Sherlock would never be able to let him go. Even if he wanted to, Mycroft knew deep down inside him that Sherlock wouldn’t let John go until he consumes him whole or someone steps in to fix the situation. This was how it was and always would be, Sherlock was a master at breaking things just as Mycroft was a master at fixing them.
“Holy shi-ite!” His young voice cracked when he felt something, most likely a finger, press the piece of flesh just under his bullocks and start to rub. Using the last bit of blood left in his brain, John was able to coordinate his limbs to throw back the blanket and take in the image of a beautiful man staring up at him while taking his hard cock deep into his mouth. The physicality of it was beyond bliss but the emotions that ran through John’s young lust clouded mind where even better. Even though Sherlock had physically hurt him last night,
“Shhh, this is a cock ring. Do you know what that means?” John couldn’t help the whine and slight thrust of his hips as Sherlock slowly stroked over the smooth sensitive skin on his hip bone. “It won’t hurt you, I promise, see I put one on too,” John pried his mournful eyes away from his own need and looked at the engorged cock, with a red ring at the base, sticking out from a nest of shiny black hairs. “You know how you get that tingly feeling when you fall asleep on your arm or you get your blood pressure taken? Well that’s what this does,” John’s hips jumped of the bed when Sherlock rubbed his fingers over the red tip of his cock.
Mycroft poked his head out the door and spoke to an unseen human. Sherlock growled and reached for his brother’s suit jacket. John held on to him though, never letting the young vampire out of his grip. Sherlock was fine with that, sure he was hungry and had no doubt his brother would taste delicious, but his sire forbid it.
“I like…I like eating from Sherlock’s hand,” John heard himself say, his most private desire thrown out to hundreds of people carelessly.
“That’s understandable,” Sherlock said, standing up to grab another vial and a needle. “It’s what keeps you alive. I’m sure your species has adapted through the ears to find exactly what you need to survive.”
“So…you didn’t like it?” Sherlock asked. At first, John thought it was for his data, but there was something in the Dom’s voice that told him the question was different.
“I-I don’t understand,” John said. He was relieved that Sherlock was alright and that the pain in his shoulder was not in vain.
“Victor was different, you said so yourself. John needs me. He has no one else to take care of him. I need him!” Sherlock shouted and was shocked at the lack of control he had over his emotions. This wasn’t like him, at least not when he was with John, his John who tamed the worst beasts inside him, who kept the lights on, the candles lit, and the doors sealed. The longer he was away from Baker Street, from the warm touch of that small hand, Sherlock could feel himself eroding, the rust building up and eating away at the locks.
“Damn, you are one crafty little guy, Jim,” Harry said, handing Molly back off, making sure to not let go until Jim had her. It’s what John told them to do and no matter how hard any of them fought it, they were still Subs in mind and body. Most of the time, it’s said at least, that Doms don’t even have to emit their hormone to make them submit, it’s the command in there voice and the nature of the others to follow.
“Hush now, I told you I have to do the other side too. This way, you’ll be able to see it in the mirror, yeah, so you won’t feel sad when I’m not with you.” Sherlock grabbed the branding laser he’d manufactured himself over the past months. He’d thought about telling John what he was working on but thought better of it after the boy tried to cut his femoral artery. The laser was based off the medical version he’d seen, using electrical current to vaporize the skin and allow for optimal precision. Sherlock could feel himself getting hard again before he even turned the pen on.
The boy tossed and turned, trying to get his leg comfortable and hoping Sherlock would bring some painkillers with him when he brought the food. He rolled over, accidentally bumping his head on the night stand with a soft grunt. That’s when he saw his mobile phone sitting there, waiting for him. As if on cue, he heard a knock on the front door downstairs.
As they entered the house, John thanked the Gods that these rich bastards were too smug to even have a security system. Assuming they were safe because they lived up on the hill was their greatest weakness and John would take advantage of ever opening he could find to keep the others safe and fed. Harry went straight for the kitchen, tote in hand, while John, Molly, and Jim headed upstairs to find what they were looking for.
Sherlock felt safe there. If he couldn’t have blood right now, at least he could stand there and inhale the sweet pear scent of John. For what seemed like hours, Sherlock stared hungrily at Mycroft while he held on to John, until finally, a knock at the door broke the silence.
There was a two minute hiatus between their texting, giving John enough time to throw his shirt in the basket and get a new one.
“No! Don’t take me away from him! Please! It’ll kill him!” John’s screams died down as the drugs worked their way into his system. Mycroft narrowed his eyes at the beast, considering his words carefully. There was little known about the shift, and Mycroft wasn’t taking any chances when it came to his brother.
“John,” he was brought back from his cursing rant only to find the scary red haired man was making his way around the table. He was getting closer and for some reason John couldn’t move his feet, couldn’t get away, couldn’t save Molly and now he was going to die or even worse, be sold for a pet. “Come here, I won’t hurt you,” the command made his foot lift off the ground to take a step forward, the small bump in the back of his head sending out random spurts of pleasure.
The look on the man’s face told Sherlock everything he needed to know. Sebastian grinned slightly, as if he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Without warning, he walked behind John and started to untie him. “Very good, Sherlock. Jim always spoke very highly of you, especially your deduction skills,” he untied a few ropes around John’s torso, but left his wrists and thighs tied to the chair. “That’s why we’re going to play a little game and see,” he held up the ropes in one hand and his gun in the other, “you’re already on your way to winning!”
Seeing the terrified and confused look on the Sub’s face, Mycroft softened his features. The man scooted his chair forward and placed a hand on John’s knee. “John, you saved my brother’s life. I don’t,” he stopped and cleared his throat, collecting himself. “I don’t know if he would have made it if you were not there. I am in your debt, so please believe me when I say I just want to help you.”
The coolness from John’s mouth mixed with the warmth of the blood flowing through Sherlock’s veins made him squirm in his seat like a teenage boy receiving his first blow job. “J-John,” he groaned, going almost completely lax in his seat. The thought of the two humans in the room floated to the back of Sherlock’s mind. His thirst for blood becoming a secondary need compared to what John’s mouth was doing to him.
“No! This is preposterous and just…just wrong!” Sherlock said, looking at John with anger and bewilderment.
“I work for the government, nothing really worth bragging about, just simple clerical business. What do you want to be when you grow up, John?” Mycroft asked, manipulating the boy whichever way he wanted, causing Sherlock to become more protective of his possession. Placing a possessive hand over John’s neck, he planted a soft kiss on the top of the gold locks, reminding him his Sherlock was there if he was scared.
Mycroft took another sip of his tea, obviously debating on whether to tell John something important or leave it for another day. Making up his mind, he took a deep breath. “John, the men and women we found in the facility were in a…” Mycroft paused, not sure how properly describe what he had found.
It was a strange, strange sight, especially when Greg took Mycroft’s hand and kissed it. “Greg?” Molly asked, her voice meek, as she knew she was interrupting.
“Sherlock I-” John started, but stopped whenever the memory of him crying over Sherlock’s chest came back to him.
John finally let himself cry. Tears welled in his eyes and ran down his face, leaving long wet streaks down his pink cheeks. He felt betrayed, yes, but the fact that he didn’t even know what was going on in his own mind…well, that was enough to make him go mad. What were his thoughts and what were thoughts Sherlock wanted him to think? Was Jim okay? Would Molly and the other Subs be okay? Was everything a lie? And why in the fuck did he still get a warm tingly feeling in his stomach every time Sherlock was around him?
“You hit your head on the rocks when you and Mycroft fell into the water. You went into hypothermic shock as soon as we pulled you out, so I’m sure your memory is a bit fuzzy.” Sherlock placed his hand on John’s arm, squeezing slightly as he looked into the boy’s eyes. “I want to ask you something, John. Do you feel up to it, or would you like to rest up for a while?”
“Yeah, sorry, I’ll just be a minute,” he heard John’s shaky voice from inside his little sanctuary and knew that he was right in predicting the boy’s panic attack. A moment later, John stepped out of the room and Sherlock noticed how much he loomed over the boy. He could feel the gaze upon his chest, knowing how small John must be feeling and thought it best to move back over to a sitting position. He placed his hand on the small bony shoulder, leading him back over to start the next phase of their plan.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said, his voice serious as Sherlock stepped out of the car and poked his head back in, “I’m trusting you, don’t make me regret it. John might be nineteen now but he’s still just an innocent boy at heart, don’t ruin him.”
“Just a few things that will help us get to know each other better, John,” Sherlock said nonchalantly. With too much flare for a 30 something year old man, Sherlock ripped off the blanket, revealing a whole slew of sharp items and vials.
“I’m tired of this cold stuff,” Sherlock huffed, letting his childish nature get the better of him. He let his canines drop and pierced the bag, sucking in the cold but sustaining liquid. He was less tired now as his body was slowly learning how to digest the blood and use it efficiently to keep him strong.
“Whatever,” John mumbled in between bites of the heavenly meal. “I didn’t know you had a girlfriend,” John smiled, changing the subject. He wondered if this Anthea was the subordinate Irene had mentioned.
“Sorry, I just couldn’t help myself. Do you know how delicious you look, John?” Sherlock kept nipping at his throat, moving farther south after every other bite until he arrived at John’s right nipple. An embarrassing yelp escaped his throat when he felt a jolt of pain shoot through his chest but strangely enough traveled down to his groin.
“Good guys don’t blow up buildings and kill innocent people!” John snapped at her, curling in on himself. He didn’t want to be here anymore, but he had to find out more. That’s what Sherlock would do, right? Find out more so that these people could be stopped.
When John closed the door however, Sherlock sat up, confused at what just happened. He had expected a huge blow up, then Mycroft’s men would take Archie away, then there would be the most amazing make up sex of all time. Instead though, John turned his back on him, taking away his light.
